
Three Weeks
Before Doomsday






Sechin Tower






Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2014 by Sechin Tower
Table of Contents
Science and Funerals (Angela)
Training the Neighbors (Victor)
Bad Romance (Nikki)
Big Man (Brick)
Application Essay to the Mad Science Institute (Soap)
The Opening Move (McKenzie)
An excerpt From Mad Science Institute
About the Author
Also by Sechin Tower


Science and Funerals

Angela


My name is Angela Black, and I invent deadly things. Don’t get all squeamish and judgmental on me, though. I’m not some serial killer experimenting on innocent victims, and I’m not a nearsighted government scientist researching weapons of mass destruction without questioning their use. All I do is test out new ideas. Nothing’s more deadly than new ideas.
This particular test began when I flipped the setting of my goggles from light amplification to infrared display, and the hidden gunmen lit up my lenses like bright orange bonfires against the nocturnal background. The situation was simple: I wanted them gone, and they wanted the same for me. Now, I know I hadn’t asked what they wanted, but I had a strong hunch that armed men patrolling an illegal cocaine field deep in a South American jungle wouldn’t be receptive to answering polite questions.
 I’m no historian, but I know guys like this have been around since the dark ages. In fact, they’re the ones who caused the dark ages. Kings and bandits are all exactly the same: they bully peasants into doing the hard labor and then keep all the rewards for themselves. These drug-runners had gotten away with it for so long because their off-road vehicles and their AK-47 machineguns allowed them to stay beyond the reach of what passed for law enforcement in this corrupt little republic. They had never been forced to compete for their fair spot in a free market, and they thought it made them strong. They’re wrong. Competition is what makes people strong, and I was about to show them what they’d been missing.
Toggling my flight pack’s setting to “hover,” I felt the straps tighten across my shoulders and chest as it counterbalanced Earth’s magnetic field. The pack now held me firmly in mid-air, allowing me to move without friction, like the puck on an air-hockey table.
I kicked off towards my first target and saw the ground whisk by beneath my feet. With no footfalls to mark my passage, I sailed as quietly as a cloud on the wind. The reactor on my back emitted only a slight hum, no louder than the murmur of the custom-made, extra-long, black lab coat that rippled behind me like a cape. I had also taken the precaution of setting my rail pistol’s velocity to subsonic so it, too, produced little noise beyond the whirring of its rotating barrels.
In the span of a heartbeat, my pistol magnetically accelerated a dozen metal slugs at my new enemy. He made a sort of gurgling yelp as he collapsed. With a subsonic muzzle velocity, those projectiles lacked the force to break through bone like a regular bullet, but they could certainly ventilate a person’s torso in a hurry.
As much as I hate to admit it, a pang of guilt knocked at the backdoor of my mind. That guy hadn’t stood a chance: no one in the world was prepared for gear like mine. I had been able to create the flight pack, goggles, and rail gun only because I had a special type of reactor secretly invented by the infamous Nikola Tesla himself. He entrusted this invention to a little school called the Mechanical Science Institute, where it remained a secret for a hundred years. On the night of my graduation, I stole one of those reactors for my private use. The Institute has its secrets, and so do I.
The gunman may not have known what hit him, but his last act was to fire his full clip into the air. It startled me, but I was in no danger because he wasn’t aiming in my direction. The noise, however, alerted everyone else on the plantation, and it only took a moment before orange silhouettes began boiling out of a rickety storage shack and taking up defensive positions behind their jeeps.
Dashing like a speed skater, I circled around their shack to flank them. It would have been a good plan, except that I didn’t get far before some ground vines snagged my foot as I sailed through them. I might have fallen on my face if the flight pack hadn’t been holding me firmly aloft, but those vines still yanked painfully at my ankle and spun me around, sending me twirling through a noisy thicket. All of this underbrush had been invisible to my infrared vision because it was same temperature as the rest of the jungle, but this collision had the dual consequences of draining my momentum while alerting my enemies to my position. 
Machinegun fire raked a tree to my right and then the ground to my left. They couldn’t see where I stood, but they were doing a great job spamming the jungle with lead. If I stayed there, sooner or later one of their bullets would find me.
I snapped the flight control to “buoyant” and felt the pack relax on my back just enough to provide the bounding, feathery feeling of walking on the moon. On this setting, the pack detected and compensated for my mass and downward momentum so that I effectively weighed one pound. It was like the greatest diet in the world. 
Now nearly weightless, I sprang into the sky. I used no more strength than required to hop up two stairs, but with the pack’s electro-gravitic assistance this leap propelled me fifty feet into the air. At the apex of my jump, I shifted back to “hover” mode and felt the pack lock me into place high above the heads of the drug runners.
The gunmen obviously had no notion that I was now above them because they continued their frenzied attempts to mow the underbrush with their bullets. Subtlety was no longer of the essence, so I dialed my weapon up to maximum velocity. As I moved the pistol, my goggles’ targeting computer painted a moving pinpoint in my vision that automatically compensated for distance, direction, and relative motion. On this setting, I didn’t even need to release the trigger between bursts; all I had to do was sweep that red pinpoint over my enemies and my rail pistol would fire at exactly the right instants, raining down a torrent of magnetic slugs that never missed.
As the drug runners fell, my pistol’s recoil, however slight, moved me like a shadow across the inky sky. I had even slit the back of my black lab coat so that it would billow out to my sides like the wings of the angel of death. (Get it? Angela—angel of death? I crack myself up sometimes!) Maybe it was a bit much, but I’ve never been able to resist a little grandstanding. Besides, I had installed a cowl on the flight pack to hide its characteristic blue glow, added blackout paint to cover the chrome details of my pistol, and snugged a black beanie over my yellow hair. I was night-proofed enough that I could afford a little flair.
It didn’t take them long to figure out that I was above them somewhere, but it didn’t matter. My pistol, now set to break the sound barrier, roared with the fury of Zeus’s thunder, but its flash was invisible except to someone looking directly down the barrel—and anyone doing that wouldn’t have a chance to do anything about it. This was just the latest skirmish in the eternal competition between old ideas and new ones. It was a story as old as evolution itself: sticks beat claws, arrows beat sticks, guns beat arrows, and so on. If you don’t go with the new, you die with the old.
They did have one surprise for me: an anti-aircraft rocket, the kind that comes in a disposable shoulder-mounted tube. Its ignition lit up my visual display in a sudden flood of red and vermillion, and I instinctively flinched in a vain attempt to dodge. In an urban environment, my flight pack maneuvers like a jet-powered sparrow because of all the metal around to serve as magnetic tethers, but out in the wilderness all I could do was twist helplessly in my straps. Not a good feeling. I made a mental note to address that design flaw if I lived long enough to get back to the lab.
The rocket screamed past me, blasting my face with hot exhaust. I drifted for a moment, running my fingers over my nose and my limbs to make sure everything was still there. When I realized that the thing had clean missed me, I couldn’t help but laugh. It was a heat-seeker, designed to shoot down helicopters with blazing-hot combustion engines. My antimatter reactor, however, rested safely behind thick layers of cadmium-encased depleted uranium shielding, giving it an external temperature no hotter than a lover’s kiss—pretty hot, but nothing that would register on the rocket’s guidance system.
As the missile arced off over the jungle canopy, I put the rocket-slinger out of his misery and then mopped up the rest of his companions. A quick glance at my targeting computer’s log told me that the total time from my first shot to the last was two minutes, twenty-one seconds. That old, familiar pang of guilt itched at the back of my brain, but I had grown pretty good at ignoring it. I told myself it was their fault. They were the ones who brought last century’s weapons to next century’s war.
I glided down to a small building at the far side of the plantation and shot the padlock off the door. Half a dozen thin, rag-clad men emerged, blinking at the wreckage of jeeps and men strewn behind me. These were peasants who had been kidnapped by the drug-runners and taken here, hundreds, maybe thousands of miles from their homes, where they were forced to labor in the cocaine fields. Any guilt I still felt about dispatching the drug runners evaporated the moment I saw these twenty-first century slaves. Slavery was yet another example of an old idea that needed to be stamped out of existence.
They fell to their knees around me and touched my boots, repeating the Spanish word angel as they groveled. To my ears it sounded like “ahng-hel,” but it was still close enough to my name to be uncanny.
“I’m no angel,” I scowled, glancing over my shoulder at the damage I had caused. “A fallen angel, maybe. Now get up. Up, off your knees! Go get yourselves an education and make yourselves useful to society.”
It was obvious they didn’t understand English, so I pulled one of them to his feet, spun him in the direction of the jeeps, and gave him a light kick in the butt. The men seemed to get the message and moved in a huddled clump to the jeeps. One of them popped the hood and seemed to know what he was doing. That was good, because if they could get one of those vehicles running, they might not die in this jungle or be recaptured when more members of the cartel arrived to see why its plantation had stopped production. I considered helping the ex-slaves with the repairs or maybe finding them some shelter, but I simply couldn’t. I had a mission to complete. Besides, it wasn’t my fault they were here. They weren’t my responsibility.
“Wait,” I said. I selected the smallest guy and handed him the two military food pouches I carried in a satchel. Being the smallest, I knew he would divide it fairly, or else the others would take him to task. It was all the food I had with me so it meant my return trip would be a hungry one, but they needed it more than I did.
Reluctantly, I turned my back on them and skimmed over to the other building to see if there were any lingering gunmen inside. It was a one-story affair with only a few internal rooms and wooden walls so thin that they didn’t entirely mask the heat signature of the solitary man cowering inside.
 “Hey,” I called through the broken window nearest him. “I see you in there. You speak English?”
There was a pause. “Yes,” when he answered, his voice was strained and little more than a whimper. “Don’t kill me! Please! I’m unarmed!”
With a tiny assist from my fight pack, I hopped through the window into the room. A small, gas-burning lantern hung from a hook on the wall, so I pulled my goggles up on my forehead, yanked off my beanie, and shook out my hair. I love doing that after a fight, just as my silent way of saying “you got pwned by a girl.” 
I studied the man huddled beneath a flimsy card table. He was thin and aging, with a forehead gone to wrinkles and a carefully groomed beard covering the sagging wattle of his throat. He wore a polyester leisure suit stained by perspiration and jungle grime. Badly out of fashion. Suits like that are another thing that should be left to the darkness of history.
“What’s your name,” I demanded.
“S—Sebastian.”
“I’m going to call you Subby,” I announced. “You don’t look like a drug runner, Subby. But then, maybe you’re the uncle of the cartel chief or something. I should probably go ahead and kill you, just to be sure.”
He held out his hands, begging for mercy. I could see he was no hardened thug. He was simply too soft in the belly and too watery in the eyes. But I also noted a big gold watch on his wrist, which displayed an appreciation for luxuries that couldn’t be purchased by honest labor in this part of the world.
“No!” he begged. “I’m not one of them!”
“Well, you’re obviously not one of those slaves, either. You want to help me revise my theory?” Just to illustrate my scientific skepticism, I pointed the rail pistol between his eyes.
“I’m not with the cartel, I swear! I’m—I’m just a botanist.”
“A botanist?”
“Yes—a biologist who works with plants.”
“I know what a botanist is,” I growled. “You’re the guy who makes sure all these cocaine plants grow up nice and healthy. You’re just as guilty as those thugs outside. Such a shame,” I started my gun barrels spinning. “All this villain-on-villain violence is giving me a bad case of ennui.”
“I didn’t think the DEA condoned outright murder,” he said, an edge of resolve finally finding its way into his voice.
“The DEA?” I laughed. “I’m not with the Drug Enforcement Agency.”
“Then you work for a rival cartel,” he concluded incorrectly. “Money—I will give you much wealth if you let me go.”
I saw what he was trying to do. He wanted to talk his way out of the situation by figuring out what I wanted. He was using his brain, and that made him a lot more respectable than the thugs outside.
“Relax, Subby,” I dropped my pistol back into its holster. “You’re a scientist, and I don’t like killing scientists or other useful people unless I have to. Now, get up and come help me find what I’m looking for.”
Still not trusting him, I made him walk in front of me as we moved into the central room, which contained drying racks, barrels of gasoline, glass jugs of battery acid, and other supplies used to process the cocaine leaves. I yanked a scraggly rug off the center of the floor to reveal a large trap door.
“How… how did you know it was there?” Subby sputtered.
“I didn’t,” I said. “It just saved me the trouble of shooting through the floor to get where I want to go. Your drug-cartel friends built this house right on top of what I’m looking for.”
Pulling open the trap door, I found a shallow, circular well filled with bags of white powder. When my professor and I had discovered this location years ago, we had left this small, stone-lined pit as a marker. Now it served to keep drugs cool and dry. At least it explained why they had built this house in this exact spot.
I grabbed bag after bag and flung them over my shoulder out of the pit. I didn’t watch to see them land, but I could hear them bursting as they struck the wall or the floor.
The botanist’s eyes went wide. “But—but the coca? You are not here to take it?”
I paused, but only briefly. I couldn’t begin to guess the street value of what I had just dumped—hundreds of thousands of dollars? A million? I didn’t care. The value of what lay beneath was infinitely higher.
I found a rusty shovel and made Subby dig down through dirt. Soon, he unearthed a stone slab marked with etchings that had faded so much they looked like nothing more than ripples on the cool brown rock. I jumped down inside with him and placed my fingers into a certain combination of the faded indentations. The stone disk responded with a shudder as it broke loose from the surrounding pit. It wiggled slightly under our feet, and I knew that it was now held aloft by magnetic repulsion, just like my flight pack. In fact, this disk had been the inspiration for my invention.
Subby tried to scramble out of the pit, but I grabbed him by the scruff of his polyester vest and pulled him back down.
“You won’t want to miss this,” I said. Then, just to clarify that it wasn’t optional, I rested my palm on the butt of my pistol. He was a drug dealer, after all, and I wasn’t about to let him stay up here with all those assault rifles lying around outside.
Subby yelped when I triggered the disk to drop out from under us. Down we sped, so fast we were almost in freefall as the smooth rock wall of the elevator shaft rushed up past us. Finally, after what might have been a full minute of acceleration, the platform pushed back up against our feet to gently slow us to a stop.
We emerged down through the ceiling of a domed, underground cavern. Even Subby would be able to see that this space was no work of nature with its perfectly hemispherical walls and its densely spaced, elaborately engraved pillars supporting the vaulting ceiling overhead. One of the far walls glowed red as if it had been heated on a fire, giving everything a hellish crimson tint.
I had also forgotten how hot it was down there. The heat burned at my eyes and almost made me regret wearing my long black coat. Almost. Some sacrifices must be made to look awesome.
“What is this place?” Subby reached up to wipe the sweat from his brow, but became so distracted by the carvings on the pillars that he forgot what he was doing and his hand just hovered by his head like a question mark. All of the pillars as well as every square inch of the walls bore carvings of reptilian faces and inhuman bodies. They were the same as had once been on the floating disk, but these were much less faded by time, and some were crisp enough that they almost looked alive, writhing in some kind of bizarre dance as shadows played across their sinewy forms.
“Congratulations,” I pressed in close to the far wall, tracing the intricate carvings with my fingers. “You’re one of about a dozen people in all human history who have seen these petroglyphs.”
“Los demonios,” he said as he gazed at the images. “Devils did this. Devils…”
“Don’t get all superstitious on me, Subby.” I said, but I could understand why he might think it. All those serpentine eyes glaring down at us looked more than a little demonic, especially in that red light. “No matter what it looks like, the ones who carved these images weren’t devils. In fact, you might be interested to know that the reason it’s so hot in here is because they built this place as a geothermal power plant.”
“Geo-thermal?” Subby mumbled, testing out the sound of the English syllables. “Impossible. This is beyond the science of man. Only devils could do this...”
“Will you quit with the devil-talk already?” I was starting to get annoyed now.  I had found what I was looking for, but not as much of it as I had hoped. Drawing a utility knife from my ankle sheath, I began scraping it off the wall into an insulated bag. “I already told you they weren’t devils. They were… well, they didn’t have a name. My boss insists on calling them ‘predecessors.’ I prefer the name ‘progenitors.’ You can call them whatever you want, I guess, just so you know they weren’t supernatural.”
“What were they?” Subby seemed afraid to stray too far from the elevator disk. “They were not men?”
“They were old, Subby. Older than you can imagine. Now, shut up, will you? I’m busy.”
Tentatively, Subby moved to the wall not far from where I worked. He had a gold-plated cigarette lighter in his hands and was dragging its tiny circle of flickering light over row after row of what might have been some kind of language. The writing—if that’s what it was—did not move in even lines, but rather spiraled across hundreds of feet of stone. The millions of marks comprising the spiral consisted of only four different symbols that interlocked in only two combinations.
The botanist sucked in his breath. “It looks like… like DNA.”
“It is,” I said. “It’s part of the progenitors’ blueprint.”
“A blueprint… for making what?”
“For making progenitors. Seriously, Subby, you need to pay better attention.” I closed the bag and dropped the sample into my pocket. I searched the rest of the wall with a growing sense of dismay. Back when I was at the Mechanical Science Institute, I had learned amazing uses for Tesla’s antimatter reactors, but the reactors couldn’t be built without a certain strange, superconducting metal, the same metal I had been scraping off the wall. The only place that metal had ever been found was inside these progenitor geothermal stations, and only two such stations had ever been discovered. I did another sweep of the area, but found no more of what I had come from. I needed several pounds of the superconductor to complete my machine, but I had found only ounces.
Turning back towards the elevator disk, I found Subby pointing a small, silver-plated pistol at me.
“You lied to me, Subby,” I said coldly. “You told me you were unarmed.”
“This place…” the botanist’s hand shook almost violently. He was sweating profusely, undoubtedly due to more than just the heat. “This place is unnatural. It is Satanic. And you—you are una diabla.”
I couldn’t help smirking. It’s not often that I get called an angel and a devil in the same day.
“That’s a very strange thing for a scientist to say,” I said. “What you said about this place being unnatural, I mean. It’s here, isn’t it? That means nature permits it. Therefore, it must be natural.”
I looked up, hoping he would follow my gaze to the dome over our heads where the intricate carvings crawled over every inch, all the way to the top. Years ago, I had spent two months of my life down here in this miserably hot little cavern helping to photograph every inch of the walls and pillars. We were looking for answers to questions we hadn’t even dreamed of. My boss had sworn me to secrecy, and I had already been sworn to secrecy by the Institute on top of that. Secrets within secrets, and truths hidden by truths. Sometimes I doubted our path, but if it moved human knowledge to the next level, it was worth making a few moral compromises.
“Man was not meant to know these things,” Subby said shakily.
“And how are we supposed to tell what we’re meant to know until we know it?”
I turned slowly in place, using my body to screen my hand as it slid my pistol out of its holster. As I turned back around, it took three full heartbeats before Subby seemed to understand that I now had him in my sights. His flinch was so delayed that it was almost comical.
“Ever hear of a guy named Niels Bohr?” I asked, my gun perfectly steady. “He said that science advances through funerals. I always thought that was a funny statement, until I realized that scientists get fanatical about their favorite theories, just like everyone else. But then they die, and their stubborn ignorance dies with them so that the next generation is free to take one more baby step towards the truth. My question for you is: are you ready to take your denial to the grave?”
To accentuate my point, I squeezed the trigger just enough to start the barrels rotating. When I had designed this gun, one of the senior students had told me that the extra barrels were an unnecessary complication. That was true, but I built them anyway because, frankly, I thought it looked badass. Subby seemed to agree, because he lowered the gun as if his bones had just turned to soggy pasta.
I had him kick his little pistol over to me, then I emptied it of bullets and tossed it off into the dark. Without another word, I headed over to the elevator disk.
“Wait,” Subby begged. “Do not leave me here!”
I paused for a moment and looked around at the domed room, crowded with pillars and submerged in darkness. It occurred to me that this place would make a very good prison. Or a tomb.
“You can come up and join me,” I said, tapping the exact combination of petroglyphs that would activate the lift. “All you have to do is figure out how to work the elevator. Of course, in order to operate it, you will have to accept its existence. Seems fitting, don’t you think?”
We both knew that if he failed to comprehend the elevator mechanism, he would die down here. I had that annoying pang of guilt at the back of my mind again, but this time it was pretty short lived. He was, after all, a drug-runner just like the rest. He had bought himself that gold watch and that silver-plated pistol and who knows what else because he had profited from the enslavement of all those people up on the plantation, not to mention all the death and sickness his drugs would bring to the streets of America. He was part of a very old, twisted tradition that had prevented humanity from reaching its potential for too long. Unfortunately, the funerals weren’t happening fast enough to get us to our new truths.
Not for long, I thought. I’ll soon have the power to fix the world, even if I have to break it first.
By the time I emerged from the elevator into the hut above, the first pale rays of the morning sun were finding their way through the canopy to illuminate the racks and barrels around me. The place stank. White powder dusted the walls and piled up on the floor in small, albino dunes. I hadn’t realized what a mess I had made earlier, but now I found myself in the mood to make it bigger. The fact that I had failed to find enough of the superconducting metal had put me into a bad mood, because that meant the Mechanical Science Institute was still the only place with a supply big enough for my needs, and they weren’t going to just let me have it. Breaking into my former school was my last choice, but I would do it if I had to.
On a whim, I gunned a few holes in the gasoline tanks and tossed the burning oil lamp over my shoulder as I exited. It took only a moment for the orange flames to crawl up the dry wooden walls, but once they reached the roof the house erupted in a bonfire. When the botanist emerged—if he emerged—he would find nothing but ashes. If he managed to escape the jungle alive, he might lead his drug-running buddies back here, but all they would discover was an uncomfortably hot cave decorated with incomprehensible carvings. Meanwhile, I had more important particles to collide.
I set my flight pack to buoyant and bounded up into the air, away from the crackling flames. Then I aimed myself north: somewhere up there, on the other side of the equator, the Mechanical Science Institute was nestled away in its sleepy little college town, waiting quietly to release its wonders and its terrors on the world. Its students would be asleep, too, dreaming their innocent little dreams of education and romance and science. 
But soon—all too soon—they would learn what I already knew.
Doomsday is coming.

Training the Neighbors

Victor


Tentacles! Tentacles all over the place! They were coming out of the wall, reaching through the bars of their cages, and grappling with syringe needles.
Victor was really starting to get sick of tentacles.
He had only himself to blame, and he knew it. He made the same mistake over and over: first he would delve so deeply into sub-cellular mysteries that he would forget to sleep or eat, and then, in an exhausted stupor, he would commit some kind of horrible blunder. It’s how the whole tentacle business had spiraled out of control, and now he was repeating the pattern during the cleanup operation. He hadn’t slept in three days, but this time, when he noticed his hands shaking during a plasmid insertion, he had enough sense to set the sample down before he spilled something dangerous.
Hours ago, he had exceeded caffeine’s ability to help, so the only remaining prescription called for rest. Victor considered simply collapsing on the spot and sleeping right there on the laboratory floor. He had done it before, and, despite leaving him with a stiff neck, it certainly saved valuable research time. Now, however, he didn’t have the luxury of “the linoleum futon,” as he liked to call it. If he slept here, the tentacles would get him.
After battling his writhing abominations to a temporary standstill, Victor retreated to his campus-owned house for some much-needed recuperation. Houses like this were the prime choice for students who remained on campus during the summer, when rental prices in the small college town bottomed out. By tradition, Victor and most other members of the Mechanical Science Institute remained behind to continue their research, but the other students who attended the summer session did so to make up classes they had failed throughout the year. This made housemate selection a game of chance, and the odds favored no one but the house.
By the time Victor stumbled through his rented front door, he found his living room littered with students drinking from plastic cups and gyrating to relentless music. Victor checked his phone and found that it was Saturday. Eric, his housemate, must have gathered up every student still in town for a weekend party.
“Please,” Victor leaned against the wall as he spoke, his eyelids feeling as if they were wearing concrete shoes. “Please, can you do this somewhere else?”
“It’s Saturday night, bro,” Eric said through his ever-present grin. “Why don’t you come join us? Even pre-med students—or whatever you are—need to have fun once in a while, right?”
“I appreciate the offer,” Victor strained to keep exhaustion-induced irritation from showing on his face. “How about this: what if I make it worth your while to go somewhere else?”
“What do you mean?” The smile never wavered, but a spark of interest flashed in Eric’s eyes
Victor pulled a fifty out of his wallet and shoved it into his housemate’s palm.
Eric watched the money as if it might run away. “But I don’t know what I’d tell them all,” he said. “And I don’t know where we’d all go. And fifty isn’t that much money, when it comes down to it.”
“Fine,” Victor sagged a little further. “There’s another twenty in it for each of your friends. But you have to be the one to get them out of here because I’m too tired to even think about it. Can you do that?”
It cost all of Victor’s cash plus several IOUs to see the partiers clear out. It was a ridiculous expense, but he had been desperate, not to mention a little loopy from lack of sleep. Still, it afforded him the rest he needed. He returned refreshed on Sunday morning and worked straight through until Tuesday around dinner, when his finger slipped on the knob of the military flame-thrower he was using to keep the tentacles in check. The weapon coughed out a huge ball of fire that took care of the nastiest tentacles, but also incinerated his workbench in the process.
After he put out the flames, he stared at the ashes. He knew the Dean was not going to be happy that he had slagged another workbench. He also knew that exhaustion had overtaken him yet again, and he needed to pack it up for a night.
He considered fighting through the fatigue, at least until morning. After all, his experiments had reached a crucial juncture, and sleep was such a nuisance. It meant a loss of momentum, a sacrifice of progress. Edgar Allen Poe had once described sleep as a little slice of death, a quote which served as a harsh reminder that one day Victor would enter a permanent slumber. Perhaps these were strange thoughts for a seventeen year old, but it didn’t change his feeling that he was racing against his own mortality, and each day he crossed off the calendar was another lap he fell behind.
As much as he might resent it, he still knew that sleep deprivation would rob his experiments of accuracy and steal value from the precious hours of his life. It was a medical fact that human beings could only go so long without sleep before suffering consequences to health and sanity. The mysteries he was pursuing had eluded humanity since the dawn of time, so he reluctantly decided they could wait one more day.
Zombie-like, he found his way home and stumbled up to bed. No sooner did his head sink into his pillow than Eric’s stereo began to rattle the floorboards. Victor failed to sleep through it. Earplugs didn’t block enough of the sound. Even his noise-cancelling headphones, triumphs of engineering that they were, couldn’t keep the throbbing base from vibrating his bed and echoing in his abdomen.
Victor fought his way out of bed and down the stairs. If the music had stopped at any instant before he found Eric, he would have sunk to the floor and napped on the ratty old carpet. Instead, Victor nearly had to beat the door off its hinges before his knock was even heard.
“Oh, hey, bro,” Eric said with a smile. “What’s up?”
“Sorry,” Victor said, feeling too punchy to form proper sentences. “Been a long day—couple of days. Three? I lost count. Anyway: the music. Would you mind?”
“Well, I would turn it down, but, you know.” There was a pregnant pause. Eric’s right thumb twitched against his forefingers. It was an involuntary response, but Victor recognized what it represented.
“You want money?” Victor observed.
“Sure, bro, I could use some cash. You don’t mind, do you? I mean, you’re rich and everything, right?”
It was true that Victor’s parents had left him with a fortune when they died, but it didn’t mean he wanted to hand out fifties to every jerk with a stereo. With growing annoyance at himself, Victor realized the magnitude of his error in bribing Eric the last time he wanted quiet. It was basic behaviorism: give a treat to a rat when it presses a button and it learns to press the button more often. The only difference here was that the rat was his housemate and the button turned on the stereo.
“It’s Tuesday night, for crying out loud,” Victor’s snapped. “Isn’t this against a noise ordinance or something?”
“You can’t call the cops on your own house, bro,” Eric’s smile only became bigger and friendlier now.
Victor would have happily called the police, but he knew it would be pointless. The best case scenario would involve waiting twenty minutes for the sheriff to show up, which would then lead to more drama and keep him awake even longer. Victor didn’t want to wait that long—he just wanted to be asleep already. He felt lucky he had left the flamethrower at the lab, because he would have been sincerely tempted to use it right then.
Giving Eric more money was also out of the question. Reinforcing that behavior would only lead to Eric turning on the music every time he saw Victor coming home. Eventually, they might skip the music all together and Eric could just hold out his hand for a well-trained Victor to place cash into it without thinking, as sure as ringing a dinner bell makes a dog drool.
Victor walked out of the house without another word. His hands were unsteady on his steering wheel, and when he got out of his car at the Institute’s research facility, he realized he was accidentally parked in two spots. He also realized he was too tired to care.
Once sealed away in the basement laboratory, he pulled out a cot and tried to get some shuteye. This time, his noise-cancelling headphones fully protected him from external distractions by detecting the sound-waves from the snapping Tesla coils and emitting the precise opposite waves. They worked as brilliantly as always, yet still he couldn’t sleep. Now the problem was that he was too close to his work, and the internal commotion of his own mind simply would not allow rest with a half-finished project at hand.
His obsessive mind returned again and again to his accidental experiment, the behavior test he had unintentionally begun with Eric. He fixated on the problem until half-formed dream images invaded his semi-consciousness. He saw himself constructing a maze for a rat, but every time he opened his lab book to take notes on his results, Eric was there, smiling innocently and blasting his music. Victor then found himself inside his own maze, desperately scuttling from wall to wall, but unable to escape the pounding in his head.
Victor opened his eyes, feeling as poorly rested as when he had lain down. He knew he needed to clear his head, so he wandered the aisles of the Institute’s invention library. The place was packed with advanced weapons, untraceable poisons, and unimaginable devices produced in secret by generations of mad scientists (not to mention insane engineers and crazy technologists). Here they were, silently crying out to settle a score. Victor paused by a metal rack and selected the perfect example of such a device: the earthquake grenade. It was a small, metal cylinder with an LCD screen and a pair of robust clamps lined with sticky gel pads. Properly affixed, it would vibrate at just the right frequency to demolish just about anything it was attached to. The original version had been created by Nikola Tesla, who had accidentally left it hooked up to a support girder in his building’s basement. It shook his whole building so badly that the neighbors thought they were experiencing an earthquake.
In Victor’s sleep-deprived imagination, he saw himself bringing the house down around Eric and his noisy friends. And if he didn’t use the earthquake grenades, he could pump paralyzing gas through the window.  Or fill his room with poisonous frogs. Or electrocute him through his own stereo’s circuits. Victor considered countless plans of poetic justice, but never seriously. These were idle fantasies because, ultimately, Victor wasn’t actually willing to hurt anyone. Perhaps that made him the oddball at a place nicknamed the Mad Science Institute, but he was a doctor—or he was going to be—and he had no wish to cause harm to something as precious as a human body. He leaned against the rack of earthquake grenades and closed his eyes, still longing for sleep.
Suddenly, his eyes snapped open. The answer, he realized, was the same as the problem, and it all came down to behaviorism. Rewards no longer worked to change his housemate’s behavior, and he didn’t truly want to punish Eric either, at least not in a way that would put him in a wheelchair. But behaviorism described a third option: negative reinforcement. That meant removing some privilege or prize, and when Victor looked at the earthquake grenade in his hand he knew just what to take away.
Eric was out of the house when Victor returned. It didn’t take long to set up the experiment, even though Victor found that he was so groggy his hammer missed the nails two out of five times. The device wasn’t medical and therefore a little unfamiliar to him, yet the operation was simple enough. All he had to do was graft the input signal from one device onto the output engine of another device and sync the whole thing through some software left behind by a recent graduate of the Institute. Victor finished the procedure just minutes before Eric arrived home.
“Hey, bro, good to see you,” Eric said. “You look beat. Want to party with us?”
Victor smirked. Eric may have been inconsiderate, but there was no malice in him. Perhaps he might even be taught consideration for others… but that experiment would have to wait for another day.
“I’m going to bed,” Victor announced and set out for the stairs.
“Oh, okay,” Eric said. Then an idea seemed to occur to him. “I’m going to play music, you know.”
 “Let me know how that works out for you,” Victor said. Without looking back, he continued up to his room and dropped himself onto his bed. It seemed like all the sleepiness hit him at that moment in a tsunami of exhaustion that threatened to carry him out to a deep black sea.
 Only a moment later, the thumping beat of dance music began to rattle the floorboards and reverberate the windows.
Victor reached for his noise-cancelling headphones, but he didn’t put them on. Instead, he flattened them against the floor. It was time for some negative reinforcement through the use of negative sound waves.
The headphones, along with thirteen other sets he had purchased and installed at strategic locations, read the sound emitted from Eric’s speakers and calculated the exact counter-waves. This time, however, they didn’t produce the anti-sound themselves, but rather sent the signal through his laptop and back out to the earthquake grenades anchored outside of Eric’s room. These grenades shook the windows and the walls and the floorboards—not to the point of destruction, but with the perfect counter-frequency to the music. Waves clashed, trough met crest and crest met trough, and the battle resulted in a perfect draw. Victor’s anti-stereo stifled the throbbing beat as quickly as the woofers could create it. Nothing but blissful silence remained, no matter how loudly they cranked their music. In short, Eric had lost the privilege of disturbing Victor’s sleep.
Victor flopped back down on his pillow and entered a deep slumber, where he dreamed blissfully of a well-trained army of flying monkeys awaiting his command. Almost twenty hours later, he awoke not to the noise of his housemate, but to the rumbling of his empty stomach.
It was time to make some eggs and head back to the lab. Those stupid tentacles were still waiting.

Bad Romance

Nikki


Nikki’s sweet iced tea wasn’t quite as good here in the humid August of Minnesota as it was in the blazing heat of Georgia, but it had nevertheless become a popular treat among the few students who remained on campus during the summer months. Colors and pigments were Nikki’s scientific specialty, but her chemist’s precision also ensured that the tea would never disappoint. She allowed only molecularly filtered water, fresh tea leaves, and home-grown mint into the concoction, and she monitored the steeping temperature to two-tenths of a degree. Most importantly, she used the ratio of ingredients to calculate the quantity of sugar to the milligram. Sugar was the most important ingredient. Not too much, not too little. Store-bought tea was nothing but sweet, but her secret was giving the tea a tiny, almost indiscernible hint of bitterness to give it character.
She took the first sip and smiled. It was good to have a taste of home up here in this sun-starved north, where she needed Vitamin D lotion just to keep her chocolate complexion from turning ashen. Her mamma would have been proud of what she’d done with this family recipe.
The slamming of a car door broke into her thoughts. Nikki glanced through the window to see that it was her summer roommate, Jill, returning with her boyfriend. Jill was nice enough—a communications major with more hair than brains—but her boyfriend, Steve, was something else entirely. Within ten minutes of meeting him for the first time, Nikki had gone from regarding him with distrust to disgust, and he had been in a good mood that day. Today, before he even set foot in the house, she could hear that his mood was much, much worse.
“How could you be so stupid?” he shouted, circling around his black BMW roadster to her side of the car. “I told you to hold my drink carefully, didn’t I?”
“I’m sorry,” Jill said. In one hand she held an empty soda cup. Her bright yellow sun dress was covered by a broad, wet splotch. “I tried to keep it in my lap. I tried to keep it from spilling over, but when you slammed on the brakes—”
“So this is my fault? Now you’re trying to blame this on me, is that it? Listen, just get in there and change. I don’t want to be seen in public with you looking like you just peed your pants.”
“I’ve got to get this soaking. This dress was a gift from—”
“We don’t have time!” Steve yelled. “Two minutes. If you’re not back out by then, I’m leaving without you. I mean it. And if I find a stain on this seat, I’m sending you the cleaning bill.”
Jill entered the house, carefully avoiding eye contact. Nikki fought the urge to retreat to a dark corner where she could pretend not to be home while these two aired their dirty laundry. But she knew Jill needed a friend, so she stood her ground.
“Don’t go with him,” Nikki said. Jill regarded her with tearful eyes, but then shook her head and continued to her room.
Back out by the roadster, Steve had finished his inspection of the seat and seemed, if not satisfied, at least no angrier. He paused to polish a spot on the hood with his sleeve, then strode into the house without so much as a nod to Nikki.
“You hurrying up in there?” he pounded on Jill’s door. “I meant it about leaving without you in two minutes.”
Nikki couldn’t hear Jill’s answer if she made one. Instead, Nikki watched, dumbfounded, as Steve marched into the kitchen and poured himself a tall glass of her iced tea and gulped a third of it without taking a breath.
“Thank goodness you made this,” he said. “You know how I love your iced tea. And since she spilled my drink, I’m obviously pretty thirsty right now.”
“You shouldn’t talk to her the way you do,” Nikki could feel the fire building up inside of her. “You need to treat her with some respect.”
“Stop right there,” Steve held out a hand. “This is between Jill and me. I’m going to forgive you for butting in, but only because you make such good tea.” He gulped another third of the tea, then left the rest in the glass on the counter. “Two minutes are up!” he shouted towards Jill’s room. “I’m leaving!”
A moment later, Jill burst from her door. She now wore a dark blouse and khaki pencil skirt, and carried her sandals in her hands because she evidently hadn’t had time to put them on her feet. But Steve was already in his car motoring away down the street. Jill ran after him, getting only as far as the porch before she stepped on a rock that made her stumble and grab for the railing. Unlike Nikki, she hadn’t grown up barefoot. She lacked the hardship that was good for the sole.
Nikki was angry with Steve for being such a jerk and with Jill for being such a pushover, but she was also furious with herself for missing her chance to intervene. Nobody could administer a tongue-lashing like Nikki, but the whole exchange had happened so fast—Steve must have cheated on his two-minute timer—that she hadn’t been able to work up a proper head of steam.
Nikki counted to ten before deciding what to do. She could cuss Steve out until she was blue in the face, but he was gone so it wouldn’t do any good. She also considered cussing out Jill for a fool, but that wouldn’t help. Right now, Jill needed a friend. Nikki poured her a fresh glass of tea and sat down next to her on the porch.
“I feel so stupid,” Jill said, taking a tentative sip.
“You need to dump that boy,” Nikki said. “He’s only good for causin’ heartbreak.”
Jill sniffled and stared into her tea.
“Dump him today,” Nikki repeated. “You’ll do it, if you know what’s good for you.”
“I can’t dump him,” Jill mumbled.
“Don’t give me that. What are you gonna tell me—that you need him? That you can change him? That he really loves you, but has a funny way of showin’ it? Every girl thinks those thoughts about some looser at some point in her life. You gotta be smarter than that, you hear me?”
“But I… never mind. I just can’t, okay?”
Nikki glared at Jill for thirty long seconds.
“What aren’t you telling me?” Nikki asked.
Jill shook her head and took a sip of the tea.
“Listen to me,” Nikki said. “You can trust me. Whatever it is between you two, I’ll help you.”
Jill looked away.
Nikki sighed. Steve was manipulating Jill to keep quiet about something. It was as plain as day. And Jill was so easy to manipulate that Nikki couldn’t resist doing the same. Her Minister wouldn’t approve, and neither would her mamma, but she decided it didn’t matter at that moment. Jill might not be ready to learn her lesson, but someone needed to teach Steve some manners. Nikki was ready to be the one to do it, with or without Jill’s consent.
“Jill, honey,” Nikki said slowly. “I didn’t want to tell you this, but I slipped somethin’ into your drink.”
Jill jerked her head around to look at Nikki. Of course, it was a bald-faced lie, but Jill had no way of knowing that the only thing Nikki had put into the drink was a little extra sugar. Still, as long as Jill believed it, the lie would work almost as powerfully as a drug, thanks to a funny little thing called the placebo effect. Sugar, after all, is the sole ingredient in placebo.
“Don’t worry, honey,” Nikki explained. “It ain’t gonna hurt you. I did it for your own good. But I need to know why you can’t dump him. That’s why I put sodium pentathol into your tea. You know what sodium pentathol is?”
Jill stared, wide-eyed.
“It’s a truth serum. They use it on spies to get ‘em to tell all about their secret plans. People who’re trained to resist torture and interrogation can’t resist this drug. No way, no how. So what’s gonna happen is, you’ll feel a little warm and a little dizzy, but that’s perfectly normal.” Feeling warm and dizzy was also perfectly normal on a hot day after a fight with a boyfriend, too, but Nikki knew her version of a Jedi mind trick wouldn’t work unless her subject believed it. “Now, Jill, you’re going to feel that you can trust me. That you can tell me anythin’. Because you can, and I’m gonna help you no matter what you tell me. Also, you don’t have any choice in the matter because of the drug. Do you understand?”
Jill hesitated, then nodded. 
“Why can’t you dump him?”
Jill’s mouth worked a few times as if she were chewing on the words. “Pictures,” she said finally, almost in a whisper.
“Pictures?” Nikki echoed. “What kind of pictures?”
Jill hung her head, and Nikki didn’t need her to say it. These were pictures of Jill, pictures that she wouldn’t want her parents to see. Steve probably threatened to post them online if Jill ever disobeyed him.
Nikki had a momentary impulse to slap the girl. How could Jill be so foolish as to allow someone to take compromising pictures of her? There was no excuse for that kind of stupidity in the age of social media. Hadn’t anyone told her that she needed to stand up for herself once in a while? Still, there was no point taking it out on the girl. She was a fool, but this was her lesson. She would learn from her suffering. The person who really needed to be slapped was Steve.
Nikki deposited Jill on the couch, put Love Actually into the Blu-Ray player, and stuffed a half gallon of ice cream and a spoon into her hand. She sat with her for a while, just long enough for Hugh Grant to start knocking on doors in search of his once-and-future girlfriend. Then Nikki excused herself by saying she had to go to the laboratory.
Before she left the house, she went to her closet to retrieve her lab coat. Every member of the Institute had one, and no two were the same. Hers, aside from being acid-resistant and tear-proof, was distinctively pink. Gumball pink fabric with hot pink buttons—colors that could only be created in a beaker. The only thing that wasn’t pink was the black skull-and-crossbones symbol for poison embroidered on the back. Below the symbol was her favorite quote from Machiavelli: “it is better to be feared than loved if you cannot have both.”
Nikki ran her fingers over her symbol and motto. It always reminded her that lovely things were better off with a little harshness. Pink and black. Sweet and bitter. Love and fear. Jill’s problem was that she wanted so much to be loved, she forgot to be feared. Nikki however, didn’t suffer from that flaw.

*	*	*

Steve strode into the house as if he owned the place, allowing the screen door to bang noisily behind him. He was right on time, and he was alone, just as Nikki had asked. The anger was gone from his eyes today, replaced by a swaggering smugness. In Nikki’s opinion, this wasn’t much of an improvement.
“Just so I understand,” he said while walking past her towards the kitchen. “Do you want me to dump Jill, or are you cool if we just don’t tell her about the two of us?”
Nikki felt a derisive laugh bubble up inside her, but managed to disguise it as a hiccup.
“Do whatever you want,” she said. “If you’re so sure that’s why I called you here.”
Steve surveyed the kitchen briefly, then reached past a pair of identical steel canisters to grab the freshly-made pitcher of iced tea. “I assume you want me,” he filled the glass she had put out for him—the only glass on the counter. “Otherwise, why would you ask to meet me here alone, while Jill’s in class? I mean, you don’t have to be a scientist to figure out that I turn you on.”
It was becoming harder to hide her sneer, but Nikki managed nonetheless. Her mamma always said a lady needs to smile while sharpening her knives.
“I called you here for a reason,” she said. “I want you to choose.”
“Between you and Jill?” Steve took a gulp of the tea, then sniffed loudly. “I knew it. Why do chicks always need to be so territorial? There’s enough of me to go around, you know.”
“No, I want you to choose one of these,” Nikki waved her hand up and down by the steel canisters like a game show model showing off a prize.
“They look the same to me,” he said before another swig of tea.
“They are. They’re identical—on the outside. So pick one, okay?”
Steve looked from her to the canisters and back again. Then he smacked his lips in distaste and looked back at his drink.
Not yet, Nikki prayed silently. Don’t let him notice yet.
Steve ran his tongue around his teeth, then shrugged and took another sip. He set his glass down and picked up the canister on the left. “That one,” he said. “What do I win?”
Nikki tapped the top and a red display began ticking down from 90. “We’ll find out what you win in a minute and a half. One of these canisters will explosively vent a cloud of dye. It’ll stain anythin’ in a ten-foot radius: your skin, your hair, your clothes. And if it ever gets into that precious car upholstery of yours, you better get used to the new color or get yourself a new car.”
He scoffed. “Well, I don’t want that one. What’s the other canister have? Something kinky, I hope.”
“Only if your definition of kinky includes a cloud of aerosolized kerosene, followed by a spark. It’s enough to burn this whole house down, with you in it. Such an agonizing way to go.”
He stood for a moment, absorbing her words as the timer continued its countdown.
81…80…79…
“Are you crazy?” he set the canister down carefully. “Is that it? Are you totally nuts, or what?”
“More than you know. By the way, how are your lips feelin’? Got a tinglin’ sensation yet? A growin’ numbness, perhaps?”
He brought his hand to his mouth. “What—what did you do to me?” his words slurred. “Rufies?”
Nikki laughed. “Rufies would put you to sleep. I want you awake and aware to hear my words. But, yes, I did add a special ingredient to the tea, and this time it wasn’t love. It was tetrodotoxin.”
He stared at her, wide eyed.
“Tetrodotoxin,” she went on. “It’s a paralytic poison found in Caribbean puffer fish and a few other marine animals of the deadliest kind. We’ve got some in tanks back at the Institute for just these occasions. Don’t worry. You didn’t drink enough to kill you. Not quite. But your muscles are about to quit on you, and you’re gonna find yourself in a waking coma. You’ll be able to see, hear, and understand everything, but you won’t be able to move a muscle, not even to twitch your pinky finger.”
She pinned his eyes with hers, daring him to call her bluff. This time, it was all true. This was no placebo. The tetrodotoxin was as real as the floor under their feet, and its effects did not depend on his belief.
65…64…63…
“Ahm getta owa heer,” Steve said through half-paralyzed lips. (Nikki interpreted this to mean “I’m getting out of here.”) He stumbled to the door and probably wouldn’t have made it if she hadn’t draped his arm around her shoulder. He tried to push her away, but he barely had the strength to keep himself upright.
“Don’t forget your prize,” she snatched the canister off the counter with her free hand. “Why, did you know? These two canisters look so similar that I clean forgot which was which. I’ll be as surprised as you when it goes off.”
56…55…
Steve made increasingly weak efforts to get away from her, but she was guiding him in the direction he wanted to go, so it didn’t take long to get him to his car. Just before he completely collapsed, she flopped him into the driver’s seat, scooped his feet in after him, and then reached across to buckle him in. Once he was properly arranged, she dropped the ticking canister in his lap.
31…30…
“Now, I can imagine what you’re thinkin’,” she said. “You’re gonna call the cops. If you’re still alive, that is.”
26…25…
“But keep in mind that if you call ‘em, you’ll have to go into the whole thing about how you were blackmailin’ your girlfriend with some dirty pictures. That’s right, I know all about it. I don’t think you want to do that, especially because there’s nothin’ they can do to keep me from poisoning you again in a month. Or a year. Or whenever I feel like it—assumin’ you’re not crispy-fried by then.”
14…13…
“So, assumin’ you live, here’s what you’re gonna do. You’re gonna delete those pictures. Permanently. If they ever show up anywhere—even if someone else posts them twenty years from now—I’m gonna find you and next time I’m not givin’ you get a choice of canisters. Any questions?”
Steve stared at her blankly. Of course his stare was blank: by now, he couldn’t even blink. But she knew he was listening.
“All right,” she took his sunglasses out of his breast pocket and placed them over his eyes. “If you’re still alive by the time you can move again, then you just drive off. You hear? You drive off, and you break up with Jill. I don’t care how you do it. Send her an email. Leave her a text. But you will never see her again, one way or the other. I hope I’m makin’ myself clear, because I know you can’t nod.”
6…5…
“Goodness gracious me. Looks like it’s time to find out if you get a second chance.”
Nikki slammed the door and walked back to the porch. She turned around just in time to see the insides of the roadster’s windows suddenly drenched from within by gumball-pink paint.
Such a pretty color, Nikki thought as she went back into the kitchen and collected the second canister, the one Steve hadn’t chosen. Of course, this one had pink dye in it, too. There was no explosive canister, because the only thing she wanted to kill was a bad romance.
“Better to be feared than loved,” she said to herself as she swirled antitoxin into the tainted tea. Then she began a new, safe batch in a separate pitcher. This time, she would try it with just a bit less sugar.

Big Man

Brick


“Brick, hurry up, man!” Cletus shouted as he darted towards the bank door. “Cops’ll be here soon!”
To Brick, the words sounded like the high-pitched buzz of some annoying little insect, so he gunned his thunderous engine and pointedly ignored Cletus. It wasn’t like he or any of the other Blitzkriegers could start without Brick, and the cops weren’t really on the way. They couldn’t be, because nobody had called them yet and they wouldn’t get a chance to call them later.
Big men don’t rush, he thought to himself as he circled his massive three-wheeled motorcycle around the parking lot. The turning radius on his ride was god awful. It also got terrible mileage and belched out black smoke that smelled like rotting eggs, but he loved that machine. It was the only thing he had ever ridden that was big enough to support his weight and still have cargo room to spare. His bike weighed more than some small cars, but that was all right because Brick did, too.
While his brothers-at-arms scurried around outside the bank like a pack of impatient Pomeranians, Brick hefted the important cargo onto his shoulders and left the bike running. All his fellow members of the Blitzkrieg Legion left their engines idling, because he was about to destroy the starters. Every Blitzkrieger knew this, so they either had classic bikes or had customized their rides to use old-fashioned carburetors instead of new-fangled fuel injectors, just so they didn’t need to rely on anything electronic. Sure, they would have to replace the starters (and the headlights) when they got back home, but as long as it stayed running, it would keep running, which was more than could be said for every other bike, truck, or car within a fifty-yard radius.
“You got the P’fessor’s thing ready?” Jackson demanded.
Brick decided that big men don’t have to answer questions, either. Instead, he raised his meaty fist up to the level of Jackson’s nose. The red button poked out behind his curled forefinger like a timid mole sniffing the open air. Brick paused for a moment, then dropped his thumb like a guillotine. He felt that familiar wave of nausea he got when he triggered the Professor’s machine (but he would never admit to it because the other guys didn’t seem to feel it), and then they were ready to do their banking.
It was bright daylight, so the Professor’s device didn’t have a dramatic effect, at least not out here. Brick noticed that the bank sign darkened and the ATM screen went blank, but that was about it. Still, he knew there was more going on inside, where it would be completely dark by now. The lights over their heads would have burned out, the alarm system failed, and everyone’s phones gone dead, all in the same instant he had pressed the button. All banks have an emergency generator or a backup battery to ensure security during a standard power outage, but this was no standard outage, and those generators were fried, now, too. The Professor’s device was a thing of beauty. Everyone in there was confused, and nobody could call the cops.
Jackson produced the flashlights, which he had kept shielded from the Professor’s device in a special box, and everyone had their guns. Everyone except for Brick, who didn’t need such puny weapons. His job was to stride in with the device on his back and stand there looking menacing while his brothers-at-arms did all the scrambling. They rounded up the employees and customers, bashed their way into cash drawers, and exploded the doors off the safe deposit boxes. It was as easy as whacking a piñata when you’re not even blind-folded, and all the guys got loud and excited as they did it. They packed their saddlebags full of loot and dropped them at Brick’s feet, and then they went back for more.
Brick always enjoyed being the quiet hub of so much energy. He liked the idea of people dropping money at his feet even more. It always made him think of his father’s last words to him. In truth, they hadn’t been his father’s very last words, because they had been followed by a bunch of other stuff about how school teachers are liars and how the government was out to get him, but that was what his dad always said so it didn’t make as much of an impact. In his mind, Brick had shoved the memories around until he remembered the most significant thing happening last.
Brick had only been a boy when his dad died, and he remembered visiting him in the hospital and seeing that plastic tube up his nose and three of those stupid blue bathrobes tied together so that they could stretch all the way over his gigantic torso. The nurse came in and asked if he wanted chicken or spaghetti for dinner.
“Bring ‘em both,” his dad said to her.
“But your diet restrictions—”
“Both, I said!”
She hurried out of the room, and his father gestured for Brick to step closer. He tried to lean forward to whisper into his son’s ear, but the effort left him wheezing and caused the machine by his head to beep faster. Undeterred, he draped his hand over his son’s shoulder.
“Big men don’t have to choose,” he said. “Remember that, son. It’s because we’re meant to be kings. It’s the natural order of things, all throughout history—not the garbage they teach you in school, but real history. Big men always rule over the dwarves.”
He started to cough and leaned back in his bed. Side to side and top to bottom, there was hardly any mattress visible beneath him, and his feet projected out past the footboard. “We’re better in every way,” he went on after he caught his breath and adjusted his feet yet again. “The normal people need to respect us. They can’t do what we can, and what they do is beneath us. Got it?”
Brick got it, all right, although the fact that he hadn’t been handed a crown by now showed how messed up modern life had become. At least these bank jobs went a little ways to make up for what the world owed him. Today looked like it would be a good haul, too, because the saddle bags were heavy. They had to give the Professor half of what they got, but the important thing was that Brick still got a bigger percentage than the other guys because he was big. Just like it was supposed to be.
A distant wailing broke into Brick’s thoughts. Cletus, Jackson, and some of the others heard it, too.
“Cops,” Cletus cursed.
Brick didn’t allow it to show on his stony face, but he didn’t like it. Someone outside the range of the Professor’s device must have called it in. These gigs were starting to get harder to pull off because people were beginning to figure out how they did it. That’s why this was supposed to be their last heist. Brick would miss it, but he knew the Professor had even bigger, better jobs in store. First, however, they had to get away from this one.
The rest of the Blitzkriegers scampered for their bikes while Brick lumbered after them. Their haste, Brick felt, was an overreaction. He took his time settling onto his bike and revved his engine a few times, gratified and slightly relieved to hear the throaty roar of his three-wheeler. He was always a little paranoid that something would happen to his bike while he was inside a bank. Not that anyone would dare to mess with his ride—it would be worth seeing them try, just so Brick could teach them a lesson. But a bike could stall out, and after a dose of the Professor’s magic machine it wouldn’t start again without some time in the shop. It wasn’t likely to stall, of course, because he had it kept in tip-top shape, but the mere possibility tugged like a string at the base of his thick skull.
Some of the other guys had installed a hand crank they could use to get their engines going in an emergency. At first, Brick hadn’t liked the idea because all that cranking seemed like a lot of work. Still, it was just for peace of mind, and even though this was to be their last heist, he now decided that he wanted one. The real problem was that none of the other guys had offered to install it for him. He hadn’t asked, of course—big men shouldn’t have to ask. The little people should just make things like that happen. Brick decided that if nobody offered soon, he would just have to wait until someone was installing a crank on another bike and then step on his hand, maybe break a few bones. Brick would claim it was an accident in a tone of voice that made it clear it wasn’t an accident and that anyone calling him a liar would have more than a few broken hand-bones to worry about. Brick was good at that particular tone. If they couldn’t figure it out after that, he would just have to step on someone else’s hand, too.
The first police lights appeared around the far block, shining like disco balls. Brick lazily adjusted the device’s power to maximum, waited another second until the pack of cop cars was in range, and then thumbed the button. Instantly, all the police lights went dead and the sirens cut out. The patrol cars, with all their new computer-controlled fuel injection and power steering, became nothing more than metal boxes on wheels. They drifted into phone poles and civilian cars like a bunch of brain-dead rhinos, and even from that distance Brick could hear the delightful sounds of shattering glass and exploding radiators.
Brick also felt that wave of nausea, but he wasn’t going to let that stop him. He could keep pressing that button all day if it meant leaving the pigs without power. Once, he had even used the Professor’s device to knock a police helicopter out of the sky. If they were dumb enough to send another chopper after him, he might stop long enough to roast marshmallows over the flaming wreckage. That’s why he felt no rush: he could wipe out the entire electrical grid throughout the next three states if that’s what it took to make their escape.
Brick released the parking brake and carved out a wide arc with his three-wheeled monstrosity to reach the road. Only then did he notice that the blast from the device had also burned out all the cars in the intersection in front of him, leaving a white quadcab pickup stalled right in the middle of the parking lot exit. Brick inched closer, but the enormous truck was stuck dead center in front of the short ramp, its extended bed almost perfectly positioned to block his exit. A smaller bike and a smaller man might have squeezed through the opening, but not Brick.
The rest of the Blitzkriegers were already beyond the tangle of stalled cars, but Jackson saw Brick’s predicament and came back for him.
“Brick!” Jackson yelled, putting down his kickstand and hurrying over, arms outstretched. “Gimme the P’fessor’s thing!”
Brick eyed him, then looked back at the cops. A hundred yards away, they were struggling out of their dead cars, but soon they would regroup and come in on foot. They were tiny little men compared to Brick, but there were a lot of them and they had a lot of guns. Nothing pissed off Brick more than getting shot.
“We can’t let them get the thing,” Jackson shouted. “The P’fessor’d kill us. And wherever they take you, brother, we’ll come bust you out. Believe it!”
Brick believed it. As long as they had the Professor’s device, there wasn’t a jail cell in the world that could hold a member of the Blitzkrieg Legion. But that wasn’t the point: if Brick got taken in, he would lose his reputation. He wouldn’t seem like such a big man if something as petty as a platoon of cops could take him down. And then there was his bike—if the pigs got their grubby hands on it, he’d never see it again.
Then again, there was Jackson’s bike. The unspoken rule among Blitzkriegers was to buy American, but Jackson’s Kawasaki 1,600 cc monstrosity was the single permissible exception. It was a behemoth of a bike, built in the 70s during the heyday of automotive muscle, when everything burned leaded gas and nobody cared. It wasn’t as good as Brick’s bike, of course, but Jackson always said it was so powerful you could stuff a live dinosaur into the gas tank and watch the exhaust pipe spit out the bones. The Kawasaki couldn’t carry Brick and the device together, but it could carry Brick alone. It might not be comfortable and he might bust the shocks if he went over a pothole, but it would get him out of there.
So that was his choice. He could hand over the device, and then he would leave behind his bike and his pride. Or he could take Jackson’s ride, and he would have to leave the device and still lose his bike. Also, he would lose Jackson, but that wasn’t a deal-breaker.
Big men don’t have to choose, he told himself as he strode towards the pickup blocking his exit.
The truck’s driver, a tall woman with short, sandy-blonde hair, had unbuckled and was about to get out, but as he approached, the color drained from her face and she pulled her door closed and scrabbled at the lock button.
That button didn’t work because the blast from the Professor’s device had killed the power locks. Yet the mere fact that she attempted it really pissed Brick off. He had planned to tell her to put it in neutral so he could push the truck out of the way, but her unwelcoming response seemed just plain rude, not to mention that it showed a lack of faith in basic human decency. What was the world coming to, anyway?
It sparked something inside Brick. Anger surged out of his heavily-thumping heart, energizing his body and filling his vision with electric-red color. Anger was good. Anger gave him the excuse to get over his lethargy and get things done. Long ago, he had learned to nurture his rage and amplify it, like pouring lighter fluid on a camp fire until it became a towering inferno. This took effort, of course, but after all his practice he could do it almost instantly, and he could use it to make sure everyone else regretted his labors a lot more than he did.
“Buckle up, dumbass,” Brick growled at the woman in the truck, but he didn’t wait to see if she clicked it into place before he squatted down and slid his meat-hooks under the base of the driver’s door. With a massive heave, he overturned the truck with such violence that, for a split second, it spun in midair, unconnected to any earthly tether. Then it slammed thunderously onto the passenger’s side, belching forth broken window panes, and rolled over its roof, splintering its fiberglass truck-bed canopy as it went. Finally, it came up onto its two driver’s side wheels where it wobbled in a moment of precarious balance.
Brick glared at it, daring it to fall back towards him. Finally, it tilted away, completing its rotation and coming to rest with a loud crash into the nearest car.
Jackson watched in slack-jawed amazement as Brick sauntered back to his bike and motored out of the parking lot, the device still strapped to his back. Obscure cable sports channels featured shows where the strongest men in the world competed to flip compact Toyotas and Volkswagens, but nobody else Brick had ever heard of could flip a pickup.
When they got back to their headquarters, all of his brothers-in-arms spoke to Brick in awed tones. They made room for him wherever he went, and none dared look him in the eyes. These little signs showed they had been reminded that the world had a natural order, and that Brick was at the top of that order. Jackson even offered to install a hand-crank starter on Brick’s bike.
“Yeah,” Brick said. “You’re okay to do that.” He almost allowed himself to smile.

Application Essay to the 
Mad Science Institute

Soap


I’ve never written a college application essay before, but that shouldn’t be surprising because I’m only a sophomore and even the most annoying preps in my entire school don’t start their applications until junior year. But my cousin said he knows someone at the Mechanical Science Institute and that I should apply, so here I am.
I’m going to begin by ignoring all your official questions on the applications because, to be honest, they kind of suck. At the top of the instructions it says “the purpose of this essay is to tell us who you are,” and I don’t feel I can achieve that purpose by answering “If you could eat dinner with one person from history, who would it be?” Instead, I’m going to do a Kobiashi Maru. (That’s a Star Trek reference. My counselor said I shouldn’t include Star Trek references, but I don’t trust him because I’m pretty sure he hates me on account of the fire I started in the cafeteria when I tried to detect neutrinos by using a giant grid I welded out of lunchroom silverware.)
If you really want to know me, you should know that I suck at writing, which you can probably already tell. I suck at a lot of things, actually, but one thing I’m good at is electricity and anything that has to do with it. Wiring, motors, batteries, radio transmissions, x-rays—you point to a spot on the electromagnetic spectrum and I’ll tell you a dozen things about it, most of which I discovered without being told. I’m also pretty good with other forces of nature and I think I could make my own nuclear reactor, but my dad said if I ordered any fissionable material over the internet then government guys in black suits would come take away all my robots and throw me into a deep hole.
Anyway, my dad’s an electrician, so I grew up playing with all the motors and LEDs lying around the house, but the first time I really invented something of my own was when I was in the third grade. Even though my mom hadn’t run out on us by that point, she worked long hours and so did my dad, so every day after school I went to a local community center daycare, where my favorite thing to do was play with the Legos. I would carefully lay them out on the floor and look at each of the pieces, and then in my head I would construct a spaceship or a cow or whatever I wanted to build, and I could see where each piece would go before I even started clicking them together. It was great fun, and it got to the point where I had every piece memorized so that at night I could mentally assemble an object and then go in the next day and put it together from the blueprint in my brain.
The trouble was, when I got there in the afternoon, the pieces were usually all scrambled everywhere from other kids playing with them. It took me forever to find some pieces, and other simply went missing. Once I spent my entire afternoon sifting back and forth through the pieces in search of a missing rocket thruster I wanted to add to my police car. I went home so frustrated that I couldn’t eat, and I remember my dad asking me what was wrong, but I couldn’t speak, either. It was a real problem for me because some of those kids stayed later than I did and therefore a big part of the mess was made after I was gone. How could I make sure everything got properly put away when I wasn’t even there?
One afternoon, I got the idea to check the daycare’s vacuum cleaner just in case some of the missing pieces had ended up inside it. I had no luck finding them in the regular vacuum cleaner, but I made another discovery: that cleaning closet also contained a robot vacuum cleaner, one of those little disc-shaped ones that’s supposed to run automatically while you’re away for the day. I think someone must have donated it to the community center because it was a really old model and the battery was just about worthless. It didn’t have any of the missing Legos in its dust tray, but it gave me an idea. All I had to do was program it to clean up the Legos every evening after all the other kids went home, and that would prevent further brick loss.
Every afternoon for a week, I worked on fixing up that robot vacuum cleaner. At first, I tried to make the thing simply sweep up the pieces, but it was designed to get dust off a carpet, so it couldn’t swallow an entire Lego brick. I tried raising the suspension and beefing up the brushes, and then I wired a bunch of old phone batteries in parallel to give it more muscle. Even after I got it to pick up a few of the smaller pieces, its dust tray filled up too quickly, so I altered its design by giving it a bulldozer-like blade on the front. Now it could sweep the pieces up a ramp and into the bin where they belonged, except the pieces kept falling off to the sides of the ramp. To fix that, I cannibalized my dad’s electric razor and a few other devices I didn’t think my parents would miss too much. I used all the salvaged motors to build arms for my sweep-o-tron that would pull the pieces in front of the dozer blade where they belonged.
By the time I was done, the innocent little robotic vacuum had become a hulking monstrosity that emitted blazing lights and growled like a garbage truck. I guess the other kids had noticed by this point because they were terrified, and that’s the first time I ever heard someone call me a mad scientist (which was totally stupid because at that point I was engineering, not conducting a true science experiment like my thing with the welded silverware and the neutrinos, but that’s beside the point).
The next day, I was so excited I made a bee-line for the Lego bin as soon as I got to daycare, expecting to see everything in perfect order. Shockingly, there was no change: the Legos were scattered all over the carpet, just like usual. It was like the sweep-o-tron hadn’t even come out of its charging station. I went to the vacuum closet and inspected it closely, but didn’t find anything wrong with it. There was nothing blocking its way, it was fully charged, and all systems looked good. I tested the movement program and couldn’t find any trouble there, either. The only thing I could think of was that someone had been around when it came out to do its work and they had hit his reset button, so I set the timer to go at midnight, hoping it would be late enough to avoid any human interference.
The next day, I came in to find the Legos were still spread everywhere. I thought maybe there was a janitor who just happened to be there at midnight and might have stopped the sweep-o-tron, so I set the timer for 3am. The next day: no change, and the jumbled Legos were starting to drive me insane.
Every night I made adjustments to the timer and programming and equipment, but no matter what I did or how many times I experimented to make sure it worked while I was watching, I always came in to a mess the next day. I was absolutely stumped. I had tried everything, and I couldn’t find a single flaw with my equipment.
Then I heard one kid say that he liked playing with Legos better in the afternoon because in the morning he had to dig through the bin to get them out.
“Wait a minute,” I said. “You play with them in the morning?”
“Yeah, the before-school session.”
“And the Legos are all put away in the morning?”
“Yeah. But I dump them out so I can find what I’m looking for.”
Suddenly, it all fit together. There wasn’t anything wrong with my robot. The Legos were getting put away each and every night, but then this kid showed up and dumped them out. If there’s one thing in my life I’ve learned, it’s that robots are completely predictable. Human beings, on the other hand, will mess everything up.
Just to get back at the kid, I set my sweep-o-tron’s timer for 7:30am, which was the middle of the next before-school session, in hopes that it would scare the snot out of the guy who’d been making the mess. I never found out if it did, but the next day my robot was gone and I never saw it again, and the people at the community center wanted a meeting with my dad and after that I ended up never going back. That was okay, though, because I had some other ideas for bigger and better things to build, and my dad gave me a key to the apartment and said I was old enough to just come directly home after school. That was fine by me, because it gave me a few unsupervised hours every day to experiment and build things, and it was mostly safe because I only had to call the fire department about once a month.
That’s the end. My counselor said that college essays are never, ever supposed to be longer than a page, but I didn’t have time to write anything that short, and, besides, a page isn’t enough to really get to know someone.
Oh, and I just realized what person from history I would have dinner with! Nikola Tesla. He pioneered robotics and invented alternating current among all sorts of other things. So I actually did answer one of your question

The Opening Move

McKenzie


The lights flickered, causing the shadow of Professor Denise McKenzie’s pen to dance across the acceptance letter as she signed it.
McKenzie glanced up at the lights in annoyance. This kind of thing wouldn’t happen in her lab at the Mechanical Science Institute, but here she sat in her other office, the one provided by the university for the express purpose of keeping her innocent Intro to Botany students away from her unpredictable Institute students. She had to admit it was a good idea. The Institute was a madhouse when all the junior geniuses got their experiments in full swing. Right now, for example, one of her students had allowed the place to be overrun by little tentacle-things, which is why McKenzie had retreated here for some peace and quiet.
The lights flickered briefly once more, and this time so did her computer monitor. She had been absent-mindedly playing a chess game, but the app now crashed due to the power surge. Too bad: she was only five moves from winning. 
Probably maintenance on the electrical grid, she thought. Interruptions to water or electricity were fairly common during the summer as maintenance crews scrambled to brace the infrastructure for the upcoming nine-month onslaught of students. Yet when McKenzie peered out her window, she saw no maintenance truck. In fact, the parking lot below was empty except for a pair of bikers. With their black leather clothes and tattooed skin, they looked as out of place as scorpions in a petri dish, and each of their motorcycles was hitched to a cargo trailer big enough to store a dead body. 
McKenzie considered calling campus security, but ultimately decided she was simply being paranoid. This was the American Midwest, the Harley Davidson capital of the world, and the scenic college grounds made a popular rest stop for travelers of all sorts. Still, there was something unsettling about the way their bearded faces were turned up towards her building, studying the windows as if searching for someone in particular.
The lights flashed again, and this time didn’t stop fluctuating. She poked the power button of the monitor so the wavering picture wouldn’t distract her any more.
In the instant before the screen went blank, she thought she saw a face take shape in the billowing static.
She stared for a moment, wondering if it had been her imagination. Too many hours studying Institute expense reports, she thought. Then she folded the acceptance letter and slid it into the envelope. Just before sealing it, she pulled the letter out and read it one more time in the inconsistent lighting, just to make sure everything was in order. Although McKenzie had served as Dean of Students at the Institute for more than a year, this was the first acceptance letter she had written, and she intended it for a girl who would make an ideal student. Maybe better than ideal—this girl was a young robotics expert and, in a coincidence bordering on the providential, she was also the cousin of a dear friend. McKenzie wasn’t about to let anything interfere with this letter, least of all some faulty lighting.
Bright, crackling static flared across her screen. Uncertain why it had come back on, she jabbed the power button again, but to no effect. The static swirled into the ghostly, blurred face she had seen before. It hadn’t been her imagination: someone was messing with her computer.
“Nice prank,” McKenzie laughed and looked around the room. “All right, you got me. Now, why don’t you come on out so we can laugh about it together?”
No one answered. A little uneasily, she turned back to the screen to take another look at the face. It wasn’t much more than a fuzzy silhouette, but she got the impression from the outline of the hair and the thickness of the neck that it was a man, and that his mouth was moving in an attempt at speech.
 “Dok-k-k-k…” the speakers on her computer buzzed. “Dok-k-k-ktorrrr McKenzieee…”
“How are you doing this?” McKenzie tried to sound unimpressed. “You must have hacked the video feed, I guess. Cute trick. Who are you, anyway?”
“You may call me the Professor.” The voice was still distorted, but more stable than it had been when it first spoke. “The fact that you can hear me shows that we now have the correct frequency for your speakers. You’d think the hard part would be the visuals, but I’m happy to leave those details to my chief engineer.”
“Listen, whoever you are,” she said. “I don’t know what you want—”
“Of course you don’t. I wouldn’t go to all this trouble to tell you something you already knew, would I? Now, stop being trite and listen closely, because I don’t have long. I want you to deliver an item. A special item, one which you are keeping secret in your Institute laboratories.”
McKenzie felt an icy surge along her spine. The Institute laboratories were full of secret items, most of which were incredibly dangerous and many of which were not even supposed to exist. She had been sworn to secrecy to protect the Institute’s inventions from the world—or, perhaps, to protect the world from those inventions.
“I’m afraid I don’t know what you mean,” McKenzie said. “Can you tell me more about this thing you want?” Her question was a stall tactic that allowed her time to probe the floor under the desk with her toe. As soon as she felt the computer’s power cord, she looped it around her foot and neatly yanked it out of the wall.
The screen went black before the Professor—whoever he was—could say another word. He would figure out what she had done, but it might take him some time, which was all McKenzie needed. 
They had now entered a game of chess. Whether the Professor thought of it that way or not, he had taken the first move with his electronic scare tactics and his heavy-handed demand. If he expected her to crumple up in fear at his little computer trick, he was sorely mistaken. She was no mere academic drone sheltered by the walls of her ivory tower: she knew how to fight back. By unplugging him before he could name what he wanted, she had seized the initiative. Next, if she could figure out who he was, she could turn the game around and put him in check before he could move another piece.
Snatching her briefcase and the admissions letter from her desk, she rushed for the door. Suddenly, the lights blazed over her and she staggered in pain. Her chest burned and felt constricted as if it were being crushed in a vice. The briefcase slipped through her fingers as she grabbed for the frame of the door to steady herself, the acceptance letter crumpled between her hand and her agonized heart.
She thought for a moment that the Professor had placed a sniper outside her window, but there was no wound and no blood, so she couldn’t have been shot. It was her heart, she realized. She had been born with an electrical irregularity, and, although she was young, she carried an artificial pacemaker atop her myocardium. Somehow, something had sent that device firing its signals out of sync, causing her heart to beat at the wrong pace.
 “Doctor McKenzie,” the digitally garbled voice sounded from behind her. “If you leave before I dismiss class, I’ll make you regret it.”
She looked back at her desk, first at the floor where the computer’s power plug lay unconnected on the carpet, then at the screen where the distorted silhouette of the Professor had reappeared.
With shaking hands, she lifted the letter to shield her eyes from the intense lights above her. This was more than a computer hack. The Professor had some other kind of technology, something that allowed him to directly interfere with electrical systems in the entire building, including her pacemaker. An unintended side-effect, perhaps, but one which might have deadly consequences if she didn’t get out of there immediately.
As she ran from the room and down the stairs, the lights blazed brighter than she would have thought possible. A sustained electromagnetic field, she guessed. She almost yelled for help, but the echoing of her shoes in the stairwell reminded her that the building was empty. When she lifted her cell phone to her ear, she heard only hissing static, and knew the Professor was blocking that signal, too.
She skidded to a stop on the landing between the second and the first floor. She had been heading for the front doors, but that would be the obvious exit and the Professor would surely have it guarded. Those bikers she had seen in the parking lot—was that a coincidence, or were they out there waiting for her?
Quickly but cautiously, she made her way to the utility stairwell that went unused by almost everyone, even the other staff. It was dark, and if there was a light switch she didn’t see it and didn’t want to take time to look for it. Enough light slipped through the doorway that she could avoid breaking her neck. It would have to do for now, because these stairs would lead to a mail room with a small side door that exited onto the quad.
Keep moving, she urged herself. Keep thinking.
She always knew that someday someone would come gunning for the Institute’s secrets, but who was this ‘Professor?’ He wasn’t with the government—if they caught wind of what the Institute was doing, they would have sent men in suits to escort her to an interrogation room. And the Professor wasn’t with a big corporation, either, or he would have found some imaginative and sadistic way to sue her into oblivion as leverage to get what he wanted. No, he was working on his own. So what was his connection to the Institute? Was he an alum? A former teacher? It had to be one or the other, because nobody outside the Institute knew enough to seek a specific item within their collection. 
If the Professor had ever been with the Institute, McKenzie could start with a very short list of suspects. Due to a variety of mishaps, people who worked with Institute technology tended to die young, which meant there weren’t too many of them still out there. In fact, she had a list of all the surviving graduates back in her lab. All she had to do was get there.
Bounding down two or three steps at a time—a dangerous prospect in her high heels—she saw a shadow shift in the darkness below. Startled, her heel turned and she tumbled down the last three steps, landing on the mailroom floor with a painful jolt. The acceptance letter, which she had forgotten she had been carrying, fluttered to the ground next to her. It took three full seconds before her eyes could focus. She must have hit her head when she fell, but luckily hadn’t broken a bone or twisted her ankle, and she thanked God for that.
Slowly, she sat up and pressed her back against the wall, wiping away small trickle of blood from a cut on the side of her head. The mail room was almost perfectly dark, which was a relief after the blinding light on the main floors above. Then she remembered the glimpse of motion that had caused her fall. Had that been her imagination, or was there someone else down here with her?
She peered into the darkness, but could see no one. It had been a trick of the light, she decided, and then reached for the letter. Just before her fingers could close on it, a thin arm slid from the shadows and pinned the letter to the ground.
She gasped and pulled back. She could now make out the hunched outline of the arm’s owner, a shadow among shadows except for red eyes that seemed to burn like embers. And the arm—it was not a human arm. The smoky-gray flesh was grooved and rough, like the bumpy skin on a bird’s legs, and the hand ended not with fingers but with four broad claws the color and sheen of polished mahogany. As a biologist, McKenzie recognized that these claws were not evolved for digging or climbing. They were designed as weapons, and they looked capable of taking her head off with a single swipe.
“Well, Doctor McKenzie, how do you like my creature?” The Professor’s voice was tinnier yet less distorted than it had been upstairs. With each syllable he spoke, a small green light blinked in the darkness beneath those red eyes. McKenzie realized that whatever the thing in the shadows was, it was wearing a collar with speakers that relayed the Professor’s words to her.
“What do you want from me,” she said, finding it hard to breathe.
“First, you must take a moment to admire my creature,” the Professor said. “Wonderfully useful thing, this creature. Terribly intelligent. Terribly dangerous, too.”
As he spoke, she sensed the creature tense up, like a tiger ready to the pounce. But then it turned away from her slightly, allowing her a glimpse of long dorsal barbs that glinted in the dark. 
“I hope you are suitably impressed,” the Professor said. “You need to know that there is nowhere you can run that I cannot find you. You understand that now, don’t you?”
Although she didn’t believe it, she felt she was in no position to disagree. She nodded, which seemed to satisfy the Professor.
“I’m glad we could arrive at this understanding,” he said. This told her that in addition to a microphone and speakers, the creature must also have been equipped with a camera that allowed the Professor to see what it saw. “Now, as I was about to explain upstairs, the item I want is the Egg.”
“What egg?”
“The Egg.” The Professor snapped. “The one Nikola Tesla himself bequeathed to the Institute. Don’t play dumb: you know perfectly well what I mean.”
In fact, she did know the Egg. It was a strange little lump of stone, but as far as she knew it was nothing more than a geological curiosity. Of all the weapons, devices, and experimental engines at the Institute, she couldn’t imagine why the Professor would go to so much trouble for a simple rock.
“And then what?” she asked. “What happens if I give it to you?”
“And then, if you like, you can come work for me. I could use a woman of your intellect and training.”
“That’s not going to happen.”
“As you wish. Your students, then.”
“Don’t hurt them. Don’t you dare hurt them.”
The Professor laughed. “My dear, I have no wish to hurt them. Not if I can help it, that is. On the contrary, I wish to recruit them.”
McKenzie felt ice run through her blood.
“I’m playing a deep game here, doctor,” the Professor said. “They know about me.”
“‘They?’ Who are you talking about?”
 “You know who,” he said, although she didn’t. “They want me to do their bidding, but I’ll overthrow them—just as soon as I have the power to do so. And if you don’t help me, then they’ll make sure everything you’ve worked for—and the generations who have served before you—will all come to an end.”
“Bull,” McKenzie declared. “It’s all just an excuse to get what you want.”
“The Egg,” the Professor stated firmly. “Three days.”
With that, the red eyes receded into the dark, and McKenzie knew she was alone.
The Professor had delivered his message and made his point. He had won this exchange, but now it was her move, and she had three days to make it.
She let her head rest against the wall for a long moment. If she fetched the Egg for the Professor, she would certainly regret whatever it was he was planning to do with it. Alternatively, she could rally the Institute to fight back, but there were currently so few students and none of them were even old enough to vote. The best option remaining was to run. As long as she remained on the move, the Professor would come after her and not them. She had resources for finding the Professor, and after she did she could expose him to the cops or the FBI. Or, if she were feeling particularly ruthless, she could personally make him regret what he started. The Institute had equipment far more frightening than a red-eyed monster. 
All she needed was a safe place to hide. The university grounds were out, because the Professor would surely be watching. Likewise, she had to assume he would have researched her past residences, the locations of her family members, and anywhere else she might seek shelter. No, she had to go somewhere she’d never been, and find help from someone with whom she was not connected—at least not on paper.
As soon as she realized that, she knew where she needed to go. A former boyfriend. In fact, he had been quite a serious love, but one with whom she’d never shared an address. They had met in college and had begun their on-again/off-again relationship before Facebook was a big deal, so even if the Professor somehow gained access to her social media history he wouldn’t likely see any clear connections.
After several long minutes of contemplation, she forced herself to stand up. Her chest still blazed with a deep pain whenever she moved, but it was getting better. As she was just about to limp off, she caught a glimpse of the envelope on the floor.
She considered carefully whether she should retrieve the acceptance letter, not just because the act of bending over promised pain for her battered limbs, but also because of the implications of taking on new students at this time. If she lost the game against the Professor, he would pose a continued danger to everyone at the Institute. Worse, some students might even join him. Maybe some already had.
It was a gamble worth taking, she decided. In chess, sometimes one needs to move pieces simply to clear the path for more powerful pieces. The thought occurred to McKenzie that she might not be the queen or even a bishop—maybe her role was simply to open a space so that others could follow, like a pawn getting out of the way of the back row. The game was bigger than her, and the stakes were worth more than her own life. Whether her role was to secure the checkmate or to be sacrificed in the process, she was prepared for it.
She lifted the letter from the floor and placed it in the tray for outgoing mail. Right now, the Professor’s pieces controlled the board, but she had a hunch that the Institute had yet to reveal its most powerful players.

An excerpt From
Mad
Science
Institute
A Novel of Calamities, 
Creatures, and College 
Matriculation





Chapter 1 ~ Soap


My experiment exploded. Again.
Now I’m thirty feet above a concrete sidewalk, dangling from the railing of a gigantic, burning doomsday machine designed to bring civilization as we know it to a sudden and very messy end. Oh, and BTW: my fingers are slipping.
My name’s Sophia, but people call me “Soap.” They also call me a mad scientist, which I hate. Everyone knows mad scientists are old men in white coats who build monsters and death-rays and stuff and then laugh like maniacs while trying to conquer the world. I’m a sixteen-year-old girl, and whoever heard of a girl being a mad scientist? Besides, I don’t mean to keep blowing things up. For me, explosions are just a bad habit, like talking with your mouth full or chronic butt-dialing. The only difference is that my bad habit causes widespread property damage. 
So how did I end up here? It sort of started when one of my gizmos accidentally caused a couple dozen cell phones to explode while they were still in people’s pockets. On the up-side, that experiment got me a college scholarship. On the down-side, it set off a chain of events that included chasing a lizard monster through a radioactive basement and being kidnapped by a motorcycle gang. And now I’m stuck between burning alive and falling to my death.
To be fair, half of the story belongs to my cousin, Dean. For him, it started 16 days ago, when the woman he loved showed up out of nowhere. This was the same woman who offered me admission to the college, so it’s probably fair to start the story with them.








September 1st
(Doomsday minus 16 days)




Chapter 2 ~ Dean


As the curtain of black smoke pulled back, Dean yanked the oxygen mask from his face and dropped his heat-warped helmet to the pavement. His fellow firefighters rushed in to offer assistance, but he didn’t need any. He was on his feet, and so were the rest of his crew. One man had a hurt shoulder—a broken clavicle, Dean guessed—but the fire was out and their job was done.
He unclipped the air-tank from his back, and when he shucked his insulated jacket from his shoulders, a light rain of charcoal chunks and burned brick chips fell from him. The late summer Los Angeles wind was hot and tainted by the coppery scent of smog, but it still felt refreshing as it hit his broad chest and played through his short, black hair. He was not the tallest firefighter at his stationhouse, but he was far from the shortest, and his sturdy frame was wrapped in ample muscle and minimal fat, allowing his body to shed heat with the greatest possible efficiency.
His colleagues gathered his discarded clothing as he dropped it and one of them shoved a canteen into his hand. Dean upended it over his head, then accepted a second canteen and gulped down the chilled water. By the time he finished, the station chief arrived and swapped Dean’s canteen for another full one.
“Not exactly the best-case scenario,” the chief said, pointing with his chin back towards the remnants of the building from which Dean had just emerged.
“I’ve seen worse,” Dean said with a shrug. He had once remained on his feet for three days to battle a jet-fuel fire at a hanger outside of Bagdad. By comparison, today was easy. Half the building may have fallen down, but he had read the impending collapse in the sagging interior walls in time to hurry his men to safety. The apartment building was lost, but the fire would not spread.
“Take a rest,” the chief said, jerking his thumb towards an awaiting ambulance. “I don’t want to see you back on the line for thirty minutes, minimum. That’s an order.”
Dean had a seat and allowed the paramedics to record his vitals before he found a shady spot to watch the clean-up operation. Exactly thirty minutes later, he got up and went to lend a hand.
He took only three steps before he saw someone who stopped him short. There, across the street, stood a figure he instantly recognized but couldn’t believe: Professor Denise McKenzie. She was standing on the far corner, just past the ring of plastic cones that marked the civilian safety zone, with the other spectators. It was her hair that made her so easy to spot: orange-red, the color of a daffodil’s heart, and vivid even at a distance as it flowed over her shoulders. Her arms were folded across her chest, and she wore an earth-toned pants suit that allowed his eyes to follow the long journey of her legs all the way up from her black pumps.
Dean felt a surge of happiness at seeing her, followed almost immediately by a cold splash of regret. He had known her since their first day as college freshman, and since then he might have measured his life by the cycle of intense love and bitter heartbreak they traded with one another. The last time he had seen her had been two years ago, when she rejected his marriage proposal for the second time. All that seemed like so long ago, and his mind raced to come up with an explanation for why she might be here, now, standing on this very street corner.
She saw him and waved, then pushed past the other spectators to follow the safety line closer to him.
“McKenzie,” he called out as he ran to her. He had always called her by her last name, ever since they had first met as freshman in college. Originally it had been a sort of joke, a jock’s nickname for someone who couldn’t have been less jock-like in attitude or upbringing, but the name had stuck with her. Even years later, her new acquaintances mistakenly believed that it was her given name because that’s what everyone else called her. 
He raced her to the edge of the safety line, but when he reached her he suddenly felt awkward and unsure of what to do. When they had last seen each other, they had been enemies after another ferocious break-up. By their usual pattern, they would now be lovers again, but Dean didn’t want to make any assumptions. McKenzie, however, had no reservations as she flung her arms around him.  He laughed, scooped her off her feet with a bear-hug and inhaled deeply, finding that even the clinging stench of the smoke was powerless to cover her scent of jasmine and honeysuckle—scents he couldn’t name, but which he had learned to love. It meant they were about to re-discover all the ways they were so perfect for each other. Maybe, if they were lucky, this would be the time they would forget to explore all the reasons it could never work out.
“Sorry,” he said, releasing the hug. “I’m all sweaty. But I’m so glad to see you. What are you doing here? And—how did you find me out on call?”
“I just followed the smoke,” she said. “Wherever there’s disaster, there’s Dean.” 
When she looked up at him he saw deep, dark circles under her green eyes. She was smiling, but her mouth was strained. “What’s wrong,” he asked. “Is it your heart?” Her blouse covered the scar that had long since faded into a nearly invisible white line down her chest, but he knew it marked the implantation of the tiny electronic pacemaker that corrected her congenital heart defect.
 “My heart’s fine. Listen, I have a lot to tell you and not much time. First of all, I sent a letter of acceptance to your cousin, Sophia. She should be getting it any day now.”
“Is that what this is about?” Dean rolled his eyes. “Look, I told you, I’m not that close to her or anything. You didn’t have to take her on my account.”
“That’s not why I accepted her. Believe me, she’s more than qualified. She’s…extraordinary.”
“Okay, you didn’t come all the way out here just to thank me for the recruiting tip. Spill it.”
She seemed hesitant to speak, hesitant even to look at him. “I need a favor,” she finally said. “A really, really big favor. Dean, I need you to run my school for me. I need you to be the Dean of Students at the Mechanical Science Institute.”
Dean just looked at her. He couldn’t imagine why on earth she would want him, of all people, to run a science college. He could disconnect a sparking car battery and predict the movements of flames within interior walls, but he wouldn’t have been able to pick out the difference between Avogadro’s number and Newton’s Laws if his life depended on it. 
“I’m sorry,” McKenzie said “I wouldn’t have come to you if I had any other choice.”
“This is one of your games, isn’t it? Another one of your Mensa brain-puzzles? You’re always over my head with these things. You have to tell me plainly: what’s going on?”
She didn’t answer. He held her at arm’s length so he could study her face, hoping to find some clue that would help him unravel the riddle or catch the joke. But the only clues he found were the dark circles under her eyes and the worried crease in her brow. Dean felt confused and worried, and the more he tried to figure it out the more he felt like there was a giant hand inside his stomach making fists with his guts.
 “Hey, Dean!” The booming voice of the fire chief called to him from the engine. “Were you planning to join us?” 
Dean glanced back to see that the rest of his crew had finished loading up and were ready to go. McKenzie took that moment to pull away from him.
“Tomorrow morning, after your shift ends, meet me at that sushi place where you took me the first time I came out here.”
“McKenzie, wait.” He reached out to her like a blind man trying to find a doorway. “Whatever it is, let me help. I’ll get you a doctor or a lawyer—or a hit-man, if that’s what it takes.”
She gave him a slight smile, her green eyes suddenly sad. “The Institute,” she said. “I need your help with that.” And then she was gone.


Chapter 3 ~ Soap


“Well, Soap, I talked to your principal,” my Dad said as we spread the cloth to conceal my experiment. “She says there will be college professors here today. There’s even someone from the admissions office at MIT.”
I have to admit, that made this year’s New York All-State Science Fair Invitational into a big deal for me. MIT is the most famous school of engineering in the world. Their graduates go on to build robots, space ships, fighter jets, and everything else that’s cool. It had pretty much been my dream school since the day my Dad first started pestering me about college planning. But before I could worry about getting into MIT, I needed to worry about winning some science-fair trophies. No awards would mean no scholarships, and no scholarships would mean the only higher education I’d be able to afford would be the Burger Emporium’s training video titled “Do You Want Fries With That?”
As usual, most of the science fair was seriously boring. All the students set up their exhibits at little tables that lined the floor of the big gymnasium, and clusters of judges and spectators would move from one competitor to the next, asking for demonstrations and taking notes. Most of the time, there was absolutely nothing to do but sit back and wait for the next group to come by.
I looked over at the kid next to me. He looked South Asian, maybe Indian. He was very good looking, sharply dressed with close-cropped hair and an athletic build you find at these kinds of gatherings more often than you might expect. That made him just about my opposite: I’m short-ish, I wear all black, I keep my dark hair long but tied back in pony-tail, and I’m not really interested in sports. I’m also not really interested in English or history or Spanish, either, which is why my GPA was pretty much garbage. I always thought it was unfair that colleges cared so much about grade averages. I mean, why do they want me to be good at everything when I only want to study one thing? Can’t I just be good at the thing I’m passionate about and forget the rest? You just have to add that to the list of life’s injustices, I guess.
“I hear there’s a judge from MIT here today,” I said to the good-looking boy. I’m not too good with talking to people, so the minute I opened my mouth I knew I would regret it. To get my mind off the conversation I had just started, I fidgeted with the cloth covering my invention. That left a grimy feeling on my fingers, so I took three quick pumps of hand sanitizer because I’m kind of a germaphobe. I swear, sometimes I think I’m such a mess I should just be kept in a padded cell.
“Of course there’s a judge from MIT,” he said. “There’s always a judge from MIT. This year, he’s the one wearing a green tie.” He watched me rub the sanitizer on my hands and gave me a smile like the one you give a homeless person you’re tired of arguing with. But his smile looked nice and his lips were thin and strong-looking. My lips are big and fat, which some people call “movie-star lips” but I don’t like them because I think it makes my mouth look too wide. For just a moment I imagined what it would be like to kiss him. Then I started to worry that it meant I was a creeper, but I couldn’t help it. Besides, I didn’t see how it was going to hurt, since it was all just in my imagination. Outside of my imagination, I hadn’t ever kissed anyone, which meant that at least I was only a mental creeper and not a real-life creeper.
“What’s your project?” I asked. My brain was still screaming at me to shut up before I made a fool of myself.
“I designed blueprints for an antimatter power plant,” the boy said.
“Whoa, great idea,” and I could feel myself getting jealous. Antimatter fuel would be a thousand times more powerful than a nuclear reaction using uranium, and the only real waste product would be gamma-rays, which could be soaked up with thick shielding. If he had invented that, it would mean the end of the energy crisis on this planet.
“So, how do you make the antimatter?” I asked him.
He shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t know. I only designed the plant to burn the stuff in.”
I blinked a few times while I waited for him to finish, but apparently that’s all he had. Apparently, he hadn’t considered that producing antimatter would cost something like 20 billion dollars an ounce—no exaggeration—so it seemed to me like he might as well have been talking about squeezing milk out of dinosaurs.
“Is that seriously all you’ve got?” I said. “That’s pretty lame.” 
Not for the first time I wished I had an “undo” button for what I said.
The boy just looked at me for a moment. Then he went back to setting up his poster and ignoring me.
“Why do you have to say things like that, Soap?” My Dad was sitting in a folding chair by my project. He put his Popular Mechanics magazine under his arm and gazed up at me with dark, tired eyes. He seemed like a shrunken version of his former self, like one of those ancient Egyptian mummies. It was my fault he looked that way. It costs a bundle for a single father to raise a child in New York, even out where we lived in Flatbush, and I’m way worse than a normal child because of all the expensive electronics I disassembled on the dining room table. And the fires I started in my bedroom whenever I overload a transformer. And the time I designed a robot that could make other robots out of whatever materials were at hand, which was great except that it mistook the neighbor’s Honda for scrap metal. 
Actually, I’ve been worried about my Dad a lot lately. Even after my mom divorced him and moved to Chicago five years ago, he still got really excited about two things: electronic gizmos and basketball. But last time there was a game on TV, he just sat on the couch without even shouting at the refs like he usually does. And when we were shopping for the servos and circuit boards I needed for this science fair project, he just didn’t seem into it, and his face got really pale when it came time to pay for the order.
I sat down quietly and studied my hands for a while. I felt terrible because once again I had said something stupid and disappointed my Dad. There was nothing I could have done to make it better. The only option I had was to make it up to my Dad was to amaze the judges, get a scholarship, and move out after graduating high school in two years. To be honest, if the rest of the competition consisted of fantasies like antimatter reactors, I knew I had a decent chance of pulling it off.
After a very awkward hour of sitting between my disappointed father and my pissed-off neighbor, the judges showed up for their demonstration. The MIT professor was in that group, and he was kind of pudgy with wispy blonde hair. There were about ten other judges in boring suits that looked really uncomfortable in the heat of the lingering summer. There were a few spectators as well, mostly the parents of other exhibitors who followed the judges like pilot fish following sharks, probably hoping to pick up tidbits that indicate the current rankings. There was also one cute little girl with blond pig-tails playing with a Raggedy Ann doll who was tagging along after her mother.
The judges seemed really interested in the antimatter reactor blueprints. Even the guy from MIT asked a lot of questions, and they all took tons of notes, which meant that they were going to give it lots of points.
Then it was my turn. My palms got really sweaty and I started to feel a bit dizzy. The things I hate the most in the world are germs, followed by bugs and rodents, which carry a lot of germs. But public speaking is a close third. I have a hard enough time talking to people one-on-one, but when there’s a crowd I end up doing really stupid things. I think my IQ is inversely proportional to the number of strangers who are listening to me. The bigger the group, the dumber I feel. And this was a big group.
“So, what have you got for us?” said the judge from MIT, and now every eye in the crowd was on me.
“A robot,” I answered. I could see that this statement didn’t make much of an impact. Half of everyone in the building had come equipped with some little gizmo that could walk or roll or change directions when it bumped into a wall.
“What makes my robot special is two things,” I went on. “The first is that Rusty—that’s my robot’s name—can recognize its master and follow him or her around a room. The second thing is that Rusty can broadcast wireless electricity. That means when Rusty is around, you can run small appliances without having to plug them in.”
That got a few of the judges to scribble some notes on their clipboards, but they weren’t writing a lot. They needed a demonstration.
“Ladies and gentleman,” I said as I gripped the corners of the cloth. “I give you… Rusty!”
The crowd gasped when I pulled back the cover to reveal my Rottweiler-sized metallic monstrosity. I had modeled the robot after a crab, but it came out looking more like a clockwork scorpion, with its eight piston-driven spider legs tensed at its side and its pincer-arms poised in front. Rusty’s back was flat and segmented, mounted at the rear by a turret that terminated in a curved radar dish with a long spike protruding from the center. I had tried to make Rusty’s head more friendly-looking by making it long and somewhat dog-like in appearance. I had even given him big, round, friendly eyes, but I think it may have turned out more menacing and predatory than I wanted, especially because those big eyes flickered red as they received LIDAR range-finding feedback from their surroundings.
Now I had everyone’s rapt attention, but maybe not in a good way. Several of the judges were shaking their heads, perhaps thinking I had been too theatrical in my presentation. The little girl with pig-tails hid behind her mother’s legs, her Raggedy Ann doll forgotten on the floor as she stared at the mechanical monster only a dozen steps away from her. 
“Question,” said the MIT judge. “Can you explain what you mean by ‘wireless electricity’ and why you would equip your robot with this feature?”
“Sure,” I said, twisting the power knob at the control station. Rusty hummed to life, his limbs twisting and clicking through their initiation sequence. “It’s based on an electromagnetic pulse—EMP for short. This electricity broadcasting is based on the work of Nikola Tesla, who invented the alternating current which runs every plug-in appliance in your home. Tesla was this amazing genius who wanted to broadcast wireless power all over the world, but he never could get funding because nobody could see how it would make money. Anyway, I’m doing it on a small scale and I figured it could be an energy savings if Rusty followed you around in your home. You know, so the lights would come on whenever the two of you entered a room and they’d turn off when you left. No more forgetting to flick the switch.”
One of the other judges raised his hand. “You really think people would want that… that thing following them around in their houses?”
I’m not good with sarcasm or rhetorical questions, but I think that question was really meant to say that Rusty was ugly. That kind of hurt. I’d been working on this robot for years. If you noticed, I even call him a “him” instead of an “it,” because to me he was a family pet. Whether you have a cat, a parakeet, or a robotic scorpion-dog, you still love your pet no matter what. You just can’t help it. 
I cleared my throat and moved on, hoping to get back to the important parts of my demonstration. “Rusty can navigate just about any terrain on his own, even climb trees and ladders. If you wear this tracking bracelet,” I held up a black plastic strip about the size of a wristwatch. “Rusty will always follow you obediently wherever you go. Just watch.”
For some seriously stupid reason, I picked the little girl for my demonstration. I don’t know what I was thinking, except maybe I thought if that little girl could see Rusty as I saw him—a reliable and helpful companion—then maybe everyone else would see him that way, too.
I don’t think the girl’s mother realized what I was doing when I asked if I could put the bracelet on her daughter’s wrist, but she said it was okay. The little girl didn’t protest when I clicked it into place.
I returned to the controls and inched the power knob up to ten percent. Rusty hissed as his pistons drew his body up to standing, and the spiked turret on his back twitched. One clanking, growling step was all it took and that little girl screamed and ran. Rusty, following his programming, ran after her.
Rusty wasn’t trying to catch her; he was only trying to stay two steps behind her wherever she went. The problem was that nobody, especially not the little girl, could see the difference. The girl and her mechanical pursuer careened through the aisles, first bowling through the crowd and then through the tables. Test tubes, telescopes, circuit boards, and all kinds of other expensive experiments smashed to the floor. One of the dads in the crowd lunged for my robot, but he only managed to knock over someone else, who fell against another person. Before I knew what was happening, half the crowd went down in a tangle of arms and legs. 
Everybody was screaming. The girl started shrieking “Help! Mommy, Help!” but that only made things worse because Rusty is programmed to respond to verbal commands, and “help” means you need a hand up. When she said it, those two pincer-arms deployed, reaching out for her and snapping as they came.
The MIT judge was right in my ear, yelling at me to turn it off, but before I could reach for the power knob, another judge shouldered me out of the way and cranked the knob as far as it would go… in the wrong direction.
The thing about broadcasting electricity is that the electromagnetic pulse, the EMP, is the same thing that causes blackouts within a hundred miles of a nuclear bomb explosion. At lower power and at just the right frequencies, Rusty’s EMP could run small electronics for short periods of time. Maybe it was a mistake to have fit Rusty with the most powerful Tesla coil I could make, because at maximum power it made the magnifying transmitter dangerous to anything with circuits or wires.
The moment the judge accidentally cranked the power to maximum, there was a bright flash overhead as the light bulbs in the ceiling burned out. On the tables all around us, dozens of experiments with electrical components burst into flame, and everyone within twenty feet of Rusty yelped in almost perfect unison as the cell phones in their pockets overheated. At the same instant, Rusty collapsed in place, a pathetic trail of smoke rising from his back, his battery fried by his own sudden output.
Most of the rest of the day passed in a blur. Thankfully, no one was hurt beyond a few minor burns and bruises. All the same, I got some mean looks from the students whose experiments I had ruined. The judges wouldn’t talk to me, either, and the guy from MIT wouldn’t even look at me—although I did see him talking with the antimatter kid for a long time.
I felt lower than the scavenging worms at the bottom of the Marianas Trench. Even for me, this was an unprecedented disaster. My experiment had even burned out some of the wiring in the gymnasium. My Dad, being an electrician, had negotiated to repair the gym himself, but it would probably take him days to do it, and that didn’t cover the cost of all the cell phones and other electronic devices that were wrecked by the EMP. Here we were, so poor we couldn’t afford anything but the crummiest of cell-phones, and now somehow we were going to have to pay to replace everybody else’s high-end devices. I couldn’t even look at my Dad all the way home.
The weird thing, the amazing thing, was that it turned out the science fair fiasco wasn’t the most important thing to happen that day. When we got home there was a letter from the Mechanical Science Institute waiting for me.
I recognized the name of the Institute because about a month ago a professor named Denise McKenzie had sent me a get-to-know-you letter saying she wanted to look into scholarships for me. It seems my cousin Dean had told her about me, but I don’t know what he said because I hardly knew him and the last time I saw him I think I was ten, back in the days when the whole family would get together for holidays sometimes. (I remember Dean because he stomped out the fire I accidentally started on the rug after rewiring the Christmas lights.) I guess he and my Dad must stay in touch a little, and my Dad must have bragged (or complained) about my inventions, and that’s how word got out to Professor McKenzie.
Anyway, I didn’t think much of the Mechanical Science Institute at the time. The letter said it was a special program at some school called Langdon University, which was located in the weirdly-named town of Bugswallow, Minnesota. I had never heard of it before, but I figured it couldn’t hurt to look into it as one of my safety schools, so I sent Professor McKenzie the paperwork and copies of a few of my blueprints. Now I finally had her reply.
With a sigh, I decided my day couldn’t get any worse, so I opened the official-looking envelope and pulled out the letter. 


Dear Sophia Lazarchek,

I have reviewed your transcript, your personal statement, and, most importantly, your schematics. I am particularly impressed with your knowledge and implementation of Tesla’s work with wireless electricity broadcasting. I regret that I will not be able to see your demonstration at the science fair, but I trust all will go well.

I am pleased to offer you enrollment in the Mechanical Science Institute with a full scholarship, including expenses for tuition, room, board, and books. Our classes begin on September 13th. I apologize for the short notice, but I hope you will join us this very year, as we are in need of a student with your skill set.

Sincerely,

Denise McKenzie

Professor Denise McKenzie
Dean of Students, Mechanical Science Institute


About the Author


Sechin Tower is a writer, game designer, and teacher. He lives in the Seattle, Washington area with his beautiful wife and noisy cat. In his spare time, he prepares for the zombie apocalypse by running obstacle courses and playing way too many video games.


A Note from the Author:
Thank you for purchasing and reading this novel. I hope you had as much fun reading it as I had writing it!
Please consider taking a little extra time to leave feedback where you purchased this book. Your review and your opinion will help others find this book and it really does matter—both to other readers as well as to me.
If you have questions, comments, or suggestions, please contact me through my website SechinTower.com, on twitter @SechinTower, or on Facebook/MadScienceInstitute. I would love to hear from you!


If You’re Somehow Reading This Book For Free…No Problem!
This work is released under a Creative Commons license, the exact details of which you can read on the copyright page. Put simply: you’re free to read, share, copy, and distribute this book however you please, so long as you keep my name on it, don’t change the words, and aren’t making money off the deal.



Dedication
To my Kickstarter.backers
You guys rock!

LL. J.P. Mitchell, Hugh and Sherri Tower, Rebecca Merkl, Tom Tower, Colleen Lang, Jim Cook, Dorie McCormack, Shawna Hogan, Masqlab, By Night Studios, Nestor Rodriguez, Thomas Chwojko-Frank, David Gaipa, Charles Spangle, Simon Carter, Anpumes Un’Nefer, Daniel W. Cisek, Becky B, Caroline, Blake Brousseau, Katie Tower, Lorraine Ochoa, …the rich, Garrett Pease, Jeff Combos, Sarah Macfadden, Kit Wessendorf, Sonya C Smith, Stacy, Amanda Smith, Jake Ivey, Terry Neil, Karla Dawn Besaw, Nich, Shannon Whitmore, Alex Caudill, Gabriela Fulcher, Robert Mulheran, Kari Carpenter Hale, Stephen Deligan, Daniel Jones, S Mentzel, Andrew Gill, Michael James Musumeci, Joev Dubach, Rob Mullin, Chris Way, Trina Cook, Rob Steinberger, Leslie, Lynn Lawrence, Jory Hamilton, John Hassebroek, Angus Abranson/Chronicle City, Karl Jahn, Pineapple Steak, Stephen Jones, Derek Freeman, Maureen McQuerry, Richard Jones, Aaron de Orive, Gabriel Garcia, Elizabeth Mitchell, Andreas Gustafsson, Annie, Chris Hirst, Iggy Kidd, Denise Strobel, Kirston Blom, Andrew McColl, John Runyan, Dwayne Farver, Tim Fiester, Rolanda Wad, Adam Kilmartin, Royd Warren, Ed Matuskey, Lesley Mitchell, Rich Harrison, Mario Dongu, Garek Chwojko-Frank, M. Craig Stockwell, Wanderer, Sten Kroonenberg, Keleih, Nicholas, Eloy Lasanta

Also by Sechin Tower

Mad Science Institute

The Non-Zombie Apocalypse



Visit his website: 
SechinTower.com


Copyright © 2014 by Sechin Tower, all rights reserved.

By Siege Tower Entertainment, LLC

ISBN 978-0-9848507-5-4

Cover Layout by Sechin Tower

Cover art by Christopher Maddon
http://chrismaddenart.com/contact.html

Interior art by Christopher Martin
www.christopherlm.com/

Edited by Jane Kenealy


Both text and cover image are individually licensed under the Creative Commons “Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0” Unported License.  To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/deed.en_US.  Cover image may not be deleted from the text, and text may not be reproduced without inclusion of the cover image.


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. And there’s plenty more where that came from.

No Silverado trucks or history teachers were harmed in the making of this book.

www.SechinTower.com
