Roaches In The Attic
Handbook

Raymond Towers

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 Raymond Towers

About the cover: The image displayed is titled Soldier Rifle Aiming Against Strong Light. This image was produced by Photonika Agency and can be found at Dreamstime.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes: Thank you for viewing or downloading this free sample. You are welcome to share this ebook with your friends provided that it remains in its complete original form and is not used for any commercial purpose. If you enjoy reading this story, please consider posting a review or making a purchase of one of the author’s other titles at Smashwords. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Publisher’s Note: This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Roaches In The Attic Handbook
(Second Edition)
Raymond Towers

Table Of Contents

Titles In The Series

Renquist’s Wisdom

UNIVERSAL LAW

Space Corps
Satellite Types
Watch Man Satellites
Space Corps Outposts
Space Corps Personnel

MARINE DIVISION SPACE
MDS Ranks
MDS Units
Military Phonetic Alphabet
Marine Division Personnel

INFANTRY DIVISION

Other Personnel

Planetary Systems
Planetary System: 55 Cancri
Planetary System: G 163
Planetary System: G 581
Planetary System: G 667
Planetary System: GJ 1214
Planetary System: HD 40307

RITA Timeline

WISDOM OF THE ANCIENTS
Various Nations
Ancient Manuscripts And Flying Vehicles
Giants
The Black Knight Space Anomaly

Babylon
The Bible Versus Babylon: Introduction
The Fish God And The Pope
The Genesis Myth
The Garden Of Eden
The Flood And The Tower
Odds And Ends

Egypt
King Tut And Life-Giving Meteorites
The One God, Or Monotheism

India
Ramayana
Samaragana Sutradhara

Israel
My Name Is Legion

Reading List

About The Author
More By This Author


Titles In The Roaches In The Attic Series

Roaches In The Attic 0 - Non-Retrieval (Original Version)
Roaches In The Attic 1 - First Contact
Roaches In The Attic 2 - Independence
Roaches In The Attic Handbook
Look for more titles from this series in the future.


Renquist’s Wisdom

Book 1

Foreword: To the linear man, every story has a concise definition. There is a precise point of origin, the flow of its narrative, a tempering of the character through adversity, a resolution, and a conclusion. The linear man sees the story as complete and unchangeable.
To the infinite man, the story has no end. The story is the same, singular, but it is seen through the eyes of the cosmos. It takes many different forms, as many as there are forms to perceive it. The story can be individual, or it can be universal, but regardless of the viewpoint, the story is still the same. The story is infinite; it has already been told an infinite number of times, yet it is still being told now, and it will be told again an infinite number of times.
Were I to try and contain the infinite story and to attempt to define it, I would say that the infinite story is the story of how God became All, and for our purposes most significantly, of how God became Men, as part of an eternal longing for experience in all of God’s incarnations.
This particular story doest not start off as mine, but as it progresses, it will become mine. Perhaps, as you’re reading along, it will become your story as well.

Conclusion: The nature of God is concealment, for if God were too obvious, God would be defined and quantified. Unity is the primary trait of God, as seen by the infinite man. As seen by the finite man, it is dominance. Therefore, the finite man has eternally sought to encapsulate God and by extension to dominate God. Think of God as the Father and Mother of a very small child. The Father and Mother will step away from their toddler, in order to allow the child to take its first, independent steps. This, then, is the stage of the finite man, for the finite man is not yet ready to comprehend the vastness of God. The finite man will never be able to comprehend God.


Book 2

Foreword: What have we learned thus far? That the soul is not as exclusive to Man as Man would like to believe? That the True God of the Cosmos might tear down the Gods that Men have created in cruel and severe ways? As much as Man may hope to, Man will never harness God, for Man’s greatest mistake is presuming that God must be a rational beast.
Yes, Man was created in the image of God, but the definition of Man is akin to a savage primate. A primate seeking to quell its own rebellious nature by donning a long, resplendent robe of white and reed sandals in ancient times, or by wearing a trendy business suit with a tie at the collar in more modern days. Man is nothing more, and nothing less than this.
Yes, the Universe likewise is a reflection of God, and one must scrutinize the Universe closely in order to gauge its true nature. The Universe is ordered and disordered, structured yet random, precise yet sloppy, proportioned with equal amounts of balance and chaos.
This does not mean that God, the True God, is a hypocrite unto himself. Instead, this means that the True God is being true to his own nature, for the abstract concepts of good and evil are subjective only to the sentient beings capable of entertaining such concepts. This is why when Man creates a new God of Man, he endows it with the most pleasant attributes of Man, but just as quickly, Man must create an Anti-God of Man, into whom Man must thrust his most corrupt and devious qualities. This, then, is the great hypocrisy; that God exists at the whim of Man, when the truth is that Man exists at the whim of God. Know this: The finite man paints his own reflection, while the infinite man creates his own mirrors.
We have seen already how the God of Man is an impostor, and as the story continues we come to the Law of Man. Woe to the God of Man, for he has been revealed to be a fraud! In light of this revelation, how then will the Law of Man fare?

Conclusion: And so, another of the Absolutes of Man must be brought down into the dust. As the God of Man has been proven false, so too has the Law of Man proven to be a fraud. Man would speak as if with complete authority, as if Man were God, that a thing is, or that a thing is not so, only because Man has studied it with his limited perceptions and decreed it to be so. How much more must Man be humbled, before Man realizes he has not created the Universe, nor will he ever be able to define it? How many times must Man be brought low before the Universe that breathes and swells around him?
Man wishes to embed posts into the ground, and to declare them as Absolutes, or Constants, but these are all as whispers in a gale. There are no Absolutes, and there are no Constants. Does not the speed of light fluctuate, as if seeking to defy Man and his carefully plotted calculations and measurements? Do not gravity and distance do the same? Even the smallest particles of matter defy being defined, mocking Man and his observations. Even the planetary bodies in Man’s own backyard will at times do unexpected and seemingly random things, as if to shake Man out of his smug complacency, and to remind Man that his ongoing attempts to harness and control the Universe will be in vain, and that at least some of Man’s attention should be taken up by Man in tending to his Brothers, and his Sisters, and not only to his Science.
What have we learned, then? The finite man has learned nothing, and perhaps he never will. The infinite man, however, knows that these things must come to pass, for they are as the growing pains of adolescence, trying and discomforting in the present, but productive and even essential to the future. It remains to be seen whether or not Man will gain the wisdom he will need in order to ensure his survival.


UNIVERSAL LAW AS DECIPHERED BY RENQUIST

1. God is Man, but Man is not God.
2. God is Law, but Law is not God.


SPACE CORPS

List Of Space Corps Satellite Types And Functions

Astronomical - (Astro-Sat, also Ass-Sat) Monitors activity off-planet
Communications - (Com-Sat) Enables on- and off-planet communications
Navigation - (Nav-Sat) Maintains Global Positioning Systems
Watch Man - Manned, multipurpose satellite that can control functions of other satellites
Weather - (Wet-Sat) Used for tracking environmental and weather patterns


List Of Watch Man Satellites

Watch Man Satellites And Watch Men:
WM-0667-MEL - WM Anthony Magill, WM Steve Clancy, planet Melantha


List Of Space Corp Outposts

(Outposts sorted by planetary system.)

CP-1 - Command Post One, inside of Cheyenne Mountain, Colorado, planet Earth
CP-2 - Command Post Two, Admin Center, MDRS, planet Paradise

0163-LES1 - no outpost yet, high habitability potential, planet Lesenia

055C-LUC1 - no outpost yet, high mining potential, planet Lucy

0581-KUA1 - Small outpost and research station, planet Kuatica
0581-VAL1 - Small colony of Norse people, planet Valhalla

0667-MEL1 - Medium colony of private contractors, Bootscrape Colony, planet Melantha
0667-PAR1 - Medium colony of MDS Marines and recruits, planet Paradise, also CP-2
0667-RED1 - Large colony of American Christians, planet Redemption

1214-ERW1 - no outpost yet, site of Roach abductions, planet Erwinia


List Of Space Corps Personnel

Space Corps Chief Of Staff:
Lieutenant General William Hoff

Planetary Exploration Team (also Ex-Team):
Connie Carter, extraterrestrial biologist
William ‘Bill’ Forrester, extraterrestrial biologist
Gwen Richardson, extraterrestrial geologist
Matt Garcia, extraterrestrial geologist

Unilink Transports And Pilots:
EX-01 - (Exploration Vessel) Greg Baines
EX-02 - (Exploration Vessel) Harry Walker
UT-1-01 - (Rick Falcone, KIA Erwinia, Randy Washington, KIA Paradise)
UT-1-02 - (Peter McMurtry, KIA Erwinia, Claude Murphy, KIA Paradise)
UT-1-03 - (Joe Perez, KIA Erwinia, Dale Chambliss, KIA Paradise)
UT-1-04 - (Pascual Trevino, KIA Erwinia, Chris Perry, KIA Paradise)
UT-1-05 - (Rick Garber, KIA Erwinia, Jerry Hubbard, KIA Paradise)
UT-1-06 - (Gene Mahler, KIA Erwinia, Alex Ramirez, KIA Paradise)
UT-1-07 - George Frazer
UT-1-08 - Royce Tennard
UT-1-09 - Alfred Bormann
UT-1-10 - Ernie Cruz
UT-1-11 - Lou Fisk
UT-1-12 - Mike Law
UT-1-13 - Aaron Luzinski

Space Corps Field Coordinators:
Eddie Calloway, Admin Square, Paradise
Tim Childress, Bootscrape Colony

Corpsman (Medical) Division:
CM Maria Gonzalez


MARINE DIVISION SPACE
(Also known as MAD (Marine Division), MDS, or the Space Marines)

Marine Division Space Ranks

NCO Enlisted Ranks (Non-Commissioned Officers) as follows. Descriptions have been modified from the Wiki pages of the various ranks.

Private - (abbreviated as PVT, E-1 pay grade) A Private is a soldier of the lowest military rank. The term derives from the medieval ‘private soldiers’ denoting soldiers who were hired, conscripted, or feudalized into service, by a nobleman forming an army. The usage of the term ‘Private’ dates from the 18th Century.
In MDS, Private refers to the lowest enlisted rank, just below Private First Class. An MDS Private wears no uniform insignia and is sometimes described as having a ‘slick sleeve’ for this reason. Most new, non-officer Marines begin their military career as a Private. Privates First Class are not referred to as ‘Privates.’ It is more appropriate to use either Private First Class or PFC.

Private First Class - (PFC, E-2) Private First Class is a military rank held by junior enlisted persons. In MDS, the rank of Private First Class is the second lowest rank, just under Corporal and just above Private.

Corporal - (CPL, E-3) Corporal is a military rank below the rank of Sergeant, and above that of Private First Class. This rank nominally corresponds to commanding a section or squad of soldiers. The word is derived from the Medieval Italian phrase capo corporale (head of a body).
Promotion to Corporal is based on time in grade, time in service, and the conduct of the Marine. Further promotion to the NCO ranks of Sergeant and above is competitive and takes into account the individual service record of the Marine.

Sergeant - (SGT, E-4) Sergeant is a rank used by most militaries, police forces and other uniformed organizations around the world. Its origins are the Latin serviens, ‘one who serves,’ through the French term sergent. In most armies the rank of Sergeant corresponds to command of a squad or section. Most senior non-commissioned ranks are often variations on Sergeant, for instance Staff Sergeant, First Sergeant and Sergeant Major.
Marine Division has several ranks that carry the title of Sergeant, the lowest of which is Sergeant, a rank just above Corporal and below Staff Sergeant. Once a Marine reaches this rank, their promotion no longer derives from a composite or cutting score; instead they receive a fitness report (i.e., a formal written evaluation, grading attributes from appearance and bearing to leadership and technical proficiency). Sergeants serve as squad leaders or platoon guide in an infantry platoon, while Staff Sergeants serve in the billet of Platoon Sergeant in rifle platoons.
The Sergeant is often referred to as the backbone of Marine Division. The ranks of Staff Sergeant through Sergeant Major are always referred to by their full rank and never merely as ‘Sergeant.’

Staff Sergeant - (S-SGT or SS, E-5) Staff Sergeant is a rank just above Sergeant and below Gunnery Sergeant.  A Marine Staff Sergeant is a staff non-commissioned officer rank. Staff NCOs are career Marines serving in grades E-5 through E-8. Together they are responsible to the commanding officer for the welfare, morale, discipline and efficiency of Marines in their charge. This grade is normally achieved after 7 to 10 years in service. In the combat arms units, a Staff Sergeant is billeted as a Platoon Sergeant for 30 or more Marines. They may also be tasked as a Company Gunnery Sergeant or a Platoon Commander if required. They are the senior tactical advisor to a Platoon Commander by virtue of time in service, previous deployments and experience, and are responsible for the proficiency, training and administrative issue of his or her Marines.

Gunnery Sergeant - (G-SGT, also Gunny, E-6) Gunnery Sergeant is a rank just above Staff Sergeant and below First Sergeant, and is a staff non-commissioned officer. Gunnery Sergeants in infantry units typically serve in the billet of Company Gunnery Sergeant, or as Platoon Sergeant of a crew-served weapons platoon or in tank / armored vehicle platoons. The ‘Gunny’ serves as the unit’s operations chief and works with the Executive Officer to plan and coordinate unit training and operations. In combat, the Gunny serves as a tactical adviser to the Commanding Officer regarding employment of the unit and assists in operating the command post or tactical operations center. In garrison, the Gunny is responsible to the Company Commander for supervising and coordinating individual training for the enlisted members of the company and may assist the First Sergeant in the administration and non-tactical leadership of the unit, such as mentoring subordinate ranking Marines. The Gunny has been described as a ‘hands on disciplinarian.

First Sergeant - (1st-SGT, E-7) First Sergeant is a rank one level above Gunnery Sergeant and one level below Sergeant Major. A First Sergeant has a command responsibility as a senior enlisted ‘advisor.’

Master Gunnery Sergeant - (E-8) Similar to Gunnery Sergeant
Sergeant Major - (E-8) Similar to First Sergeant

CO Ranks (Commissioned Officers, Also XO, Executive Officers) as follows:

Lieutenant -
1. Second Lieutenant (2nd-LT, O-1 pay grade) - A Second Lieutenant is the normal entry-level rank for most commissioned officers of Marine Division. A Second Lieutenant typically leads a platoon-size element.
2. First Lieutenant (1st-LT, O-2) A First Lieutenant is a junior commissioned officer. The rank is just above that of Second Lieutenant and below the rank of Captain. A 2nd Lieutenant is usually promoted to 1st Lieutenant after 2 years in Marine Division. The difference between the two ranks is slight, primarily being experience and higher pay. It is not uncommon to see officers moved to positions requiring more experience after promotion to 1st Lieutenant. For example, these positions can include leading a specialty platoon, or assignment as the executive officer for a company-sized unit.

Captain - (CPT, O-3) A Captain is a commissioned officer rank. Usually, a Captain serves as the commander of a company-sized unit or as an executive officer or staff officer for a larger unit such as a battalion.

Major - (MJR, O-4) A Major is a field grade military officer just above the rank of captain and below the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. Current guidelines suggest 75% of Captains should be promoted to Majors after serving a minimum of 3 years at their present rank, and after attaining 10 years of cumulative commissioned service.

Lieutenant Colonel - (LT-COL, O-5) A Lieutenant Colonel is a senior field grade military officer just above the rank of Major and below the rank of Colonel. Current guidelines suggest 65% of Lieutenant Colonels should be promoted to Colonel after serving a minimum of 3 years at their present rank, and after attaining 15 years of cumulative commissioned service.

Colonel - (COL, O-6) A Colonel is a senior field grade military officer rank just above the rank of Lieutenant Colonel and below the rank of Brigadier General. Current guidelines suggest 55% of Lieutenant Colonels should be promoted to Colonel after serving a minimum of 3 years at their present rank and after attaining 20 years of cumulative commissioned service.

Brigadier General - (B-GEN, O-7) A Brigadier General is a one-star General Officer rank. Brigadier General ranks just above a Colonel and below Major General.
For promotion to the permanent rank of Brigadier General, eligible personnel must first be screened by a board consisting of General Officers. This promotion board then generates a list of officers it recommends for promotion. This list is then sent to the Service Secretary and the Joint Chiefs for review, before it can be sent to the President, through the Secretary of Defense, for consideration. The President nominates officers to be promoted from this list with the advice of the Secretary of Defense, the Service Secretary, and the Commandant of Marine Division. The President may nominate any eligible officer who is not on the recommended list if it serves in the interest of the nation, but this is uncommon. The Senate must then confirm the nominee by a majority vote before the officer can be promoted. Once the nominee is confirmed, they are promoted to that rank once they assume or hold an office that requires or allows an officer of that rank. For positions of office reserved by statute, the President nominates an officer for appointment to fill that position. Because the grade of Brigadier General is a permanent rank, the nominee may still be screened by an in-service promotion board. The rank does not expire when the officer vacates a one-star position. Tour length varies depending on the position, by statute, or when the officer receives a new assignment. The average tour length per one-star billet is 2 to 4 years.

Major General - (M-GEN, O-8) Major General is a two-star General Officer rank. Major General ranks above Brigadier General and below Lieutenant General. The promotion procedure for this rank is the same as that of Brigadier General.

Lieutenant General - (LT-GEN, O-9) Lieutenant General is a three-star General Officer rank. The three-star grade goes hand-in-hand with the position of office to which it is linked, so the rank is temporary. Officers may only achieve three-star grade if they are appointed to positions that require the officer to hold such a rank. Their rank expires with the expiration of their term of office, which is usually set by statute. Lieutenant Generals are nominated for appointment by the President from any eligible officers holding the rank of Brigadier General or above, who also meet the requirements for the position, with the advice of the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs. The nominee must be confirmed, via majority vote, by the Senate, before the appointee can take office and thus assume the rank. The standard tour length for most Lieutenant General positions is 3 years but some are set for four or more years by statute.

General - (GEN, O-10) General is a four-star General Officer rank. The rank is above Lieutenant General, and is considered to be the highest appointment an officer can achieve in Marine Division. No more than 25% of Marine Division’s active duty General Officers may have more than 2 stars, and the total number of four-star billets is 4. Several of these slots are reserved by statute.


Marine Division Space Units

(CO - Commissioned Officer, XO - Executive Officer, NCO - Non-Commissioned Officer)

Fire Team:
Unit Commander: NCO Corporal
Unit Size: 4 Troops

Squad:
Unit Commander: NCO Corporal or Sergeant
Unit Size: 3 Fire Teams, 12 Troops

Platoon:
Unit Commander: CO Lieutenant and NCO Staff Sergeant
Unit Size: 4 Squads, 48 Troops

Company:
Unit Commander: CO Captain, XO Lieutenant, and NCO First Sergeant
Unit Size: 4 Platoons, 192 Troops

Battalion:
Unit Commander: CO Lieutenant Colonel, XO Major, and NCO Sergeant Major
Unit Size: 4 Companies, 768 Troops

Brigade:
Unit Commander: CO Colonel, XO Major, and NCO Sergeant Major
Unit Size: 4 Battalions, 3,072 Troops

Regiment:
Unit Commander: CO Major General and XO Brigadier General
Unit Size: 4 Brigades, 12,288 Troops

Division:
Unit Commander” CO Lieutenant General or CO General
Unit Size: 4 Regiments, 49,152 Troops


Military Phonetic Alphabet

Alpha Bravo Charlie Delta Echo Fox Gold Hotel India Juliet Kilo Libra Mike November Oscar Papa Quebec Romeo Sierra Tango Uniform Victor Whiskey X-Ray Yankee Zulu


Marine Division Space Personnel

MDS Commandant: Lieutenant General Daniel Decuir
MDS Commandant’s Primary Aide: Lance Reid

MDS 1st Space Battalion, based on MDRS - Paradise
Company: Alpha
Commander: None

Platoon 10-11
Commander: LT Joseph Trossack

Squad: Alpha
Commander: SGT Derek Lavelle
Fire Team Alpha: PVT Albert Caldwell

Squad: Bravo
Commander: SGT Russell Nolan
Fire Team Delta - CPL Terry Lucifer, PFC Lenn Osuki, PVT Joe Drew
Fire Team Echo - PVT Ben Campbell, PVT Richard Ennis (KIA Valhalla)
Fire Team Fox - PVT Edward Castle, PVT Calvin Hockley, PVT Darren Vickers (KIA Valhalla)

Squad: Charlie
Commander: SGT Richard Raglan
PVT Newberry

Squad: Delta
Commander: SGT Thomas Morales (KIA Valhalla)
Fire Team Juliet - PFC Kenny Watson, PVT James Horner, PVT Robert Royster

Platoon 10-12
Commander: MJR John Hintock

Platoon 10-13
Commander: S-SGT Ruben Zaragosa

Squad: Charlie
Commander: SGT Michael Barrett

Platoon 10-14, Special Weapons Platoon
Commander: S-SGT Butch ‘Bulldog Howard

Squad: Delta
Commander: SGT Frank Gutierrez

Recruit Platoon B-05:
RCT Erwin Brookhaven

Merged Platoon 19-20, Special Operations Platoon
Commanders: S-SGT James Renquist, S-SGT Valerie Storm

Fire Team One
PFC Brenda Davis, PVT David ‘Farm Boy’ Mitchell, RCT Aaron Johnson, RCT Jacob Rubalcava

Fire Team Two
PVT Steven Brickwell, PVT Scott Jarrod, RCT Kay Penham (female), RCT Scott Finn

Fire Team Three
PVT John Franklin, PVT James Nava, RCT Scott Dempster, RCT Antonio Duran

Fire Team Four
PVT Angel Menden, PVT Scott Brooks, RCT Edward Peavy, RCT Jonathan Tyler

Fire Team Five
PVT Grant Hardy, PVT LaMonte Crawford, RCT Felix Aceves, RCT Daniel Buckner

Fire Team Six
PVT Timothy Lepore, PVT Everett Ethier, RCT Alexander Wilson, RCT Scott Bailey

Fire Team Seven
PVT Raymond Dobson, PVT William Ellis, RCT Mark Miller, RCT Andrew Bessler

Fire Team Eight
PVT Robert Strawberry, PVT Martin Carpenter, RCT Wade Ross, RCT Anthony Michaels

Fire Team Nine
PVT Troy ‘Zachs’ Zachary, PVT Thomas Craig, RCT Joseph McDonald, RCT Koji Tazawa

Fire Team Ten
PVT Richard McLouth, PVT Thomas Holliday, RCT Michael Carp, RCT Enrique Nieves

Fire Team Eleven
PVT William Markakis, PVT Ivan Beltran, RCT Hyun Kim, RCT Patrick Beckett

Fire Team Twelve
PVT LaMarque Jones, PVT Benjamin Molina, RCT Frank Capuano, RCT Chris Withrow

Fire Team Thirteen
PVT Jerry Hardy, PVT Henry Jay, RCT Augustin Marmol, RCT Paul League

Fire Team Fourteen
PVT Arturo Machado, RCT Phillip Howell, RCT Esteban Belisario, RCT Geronimo Jansen

Fire Team Fifteen
PVT Michael Roberts, RCT Paul Punto, RCT Wayne Hairston, RCT Brian Young

Fire Team Sixteen
PVT Richard Wieters, RCT Ryan Kemp, RCT Michael Schumaker, RCT Kaha Wong

Fire Team Seventeen
PVT Luis Pedroia, RCT Mathew Wright, RCT Shelby Miller (female), RCT Lynn Brookens (female)

Fire Team Eighteen
PVT Patrick Victorino, RCT William Kelly, RCT Ernesto Martinez, RCT William Lyons

Late Additions:
Kevin Dempsey (not introduced yet), Alvin Mason (not introduced yet), Bryan ‘Numbnuts’ Knotts (not introduced yet), Omar Garcia, Fernando Salas, Anthony Cruz, James Adams, Tyrone Wiggins


INFANTRY DIVISION

Earth-Side Liaison: Lieutenant General Cole McPherson

Infantry Division Space (or SID) Security Detachment:
Commander: SGT Jack Turner
Primary Aides: PFC Johnny Burton, PRV Vader Turnbull

Squad: Alpha
CPL Vincent Petralli

Squad: Bravo
PVT Michael Barker, PVT Lance Blankenship, PVT Edward Langley, PVT Wade Knoblauch, PVT Todd Puruss, PVT Tony Rivera

Squad: Charlie
PVT Ruben Ayala, PVT Jim Dwyer, PVT Eugene Luwonn

Special Assignment Squad: Zebra
Commander: SGT Jack Turner
Fire Team 1 - SGT Jack Turner, PFC Johnny Burton, PVT Alex Finch, CVL Calamity Jane
Fire Team 2 - CPL Petralli, PVT Dale Anderson, PVT Jim Callaghan
Fire Team 3 - PVT Dan Briggs, PVT Gene Roman, PVT Chris Stoomy

3-83rd Battalion, out of Fort Bragg, North Carolina, Earth:
Commander: LT-COL Andrew Westfall (CO), MJR Michael Rice (XO), SGT-MJR Tony Gutierrez (NCO)
Wounded In Action: CPL Mark Gould, PVT Harry Williams

3-84th Battalion, out of Fort Bragg, North Carolina Earth:
Missing In Action: PVT Matthew ‘Zero’ Zuckers


Other Personnel

Earth, Japan:
General Wei
General Yoon

Earth, United States:
President Of The United States: Richard McGregor
Presidential Liaison To Space Corps: Evelyn Hutch
Secretary Of Defense: General Arrington
Unilink Chief Financial Officer: Wayne Moore (Assassinated - Earth)

Bootscrape Colony, Melantha
Space Corps Administrative Personnel:
Senior Administrator: Brad Philmore
Colony Treasurer: Glenda Davis
Administrative Assistant: Marty Fielder

Private Contractors:
Mining Operations Supervisor: Bob Ridgewell
Mining Operations Foreman: Glenn Wilson
Dredging Operations Supervisor: Captain Lance Harkness
Sailors: Ron Lowenstein, Gary Roenicke
Courtesan (Private Entertainer): Madame Claire a.k.a. Calamity Jane

Paradise:
Reporter Jennifer ‘Jenny’ Chang, APAR Network News
Cameraman Raj, APAR Network News

Redemption:
Reverend Joseph Balmore, Sheriff Randall Gibson, Deputy Lars, Deputy Lucas, Deputy Solomon, Hotel Clerk Henry

 

Left: Floor Plan for Balmore’s Personal Residence, Right: Balmore’s Dormitory


Planetary Systems

All star measurements and calculations given are based on Sol Standard equivalents. Likewise, all planetary measurements and calculations are based on Earth Standard equivalents. For example, if a star is said to have a mass of 0.95, this refers to its mass being 95% that of Sol. If a planet’s gravity is listed as being 1.8, this refers to its gravity as being 1.8 times the gravity of Earth, or almost twice what people on Earth are accustomed to.
Temperatures are expressed in C for Celsius, K for Kelvin, and F for Fahrenheit.

Some terms:

AU - An AU is the defined as the distance between Sol and Earth, which is 150 million kilometers, or 93 million miles.
GY - A Great Year is defined as X times ten to the ninth power.
L - (luminosity) A measure of the energy radiated by a planetary body.
M - (mass) the measure of an object’s inertia, the amount of matter it contains, and its influence on a gravitational force.

Atmospheric Pressure - The force exerted against a planet’s surface by the weight of its atmosphere. This is comparable to a diver submerging deep into the ocean. The deeper that diver goes exerts a heavier pressure from the water above the diver. The divisions of atmospheric pressure are: Very Thin, Thin, Moderate, Dense and Very Dense. Humans are most comfortable in the moderate range, but they can survive in thin and dense atmospheres for a limited time.
Atmospheric Radiation - This measure of radiation is based on how close a planet is to its sun, but other factors may dramatically increase or decrease how much radiation humans will be exposed to on the surface. A planet’s core, for example, can generate radiation, while the abundance of water can work to reduce what reaches the surface. Low levels (0.001 to 0.1 Earth Standard) and mild levels (0.2 to 2 ES) are ideal for humans.
Atmospheric Toxicity - Toxins present in a planet’s atmosphere, such as ammonia, chlorine, fluorine, hydrogen or methane may affect that planet’s suitability for humans. While no toxicity is ideal, humans may survive on planets with trace toxins for limited durations.
Average Surface Temperature - This is the most common temperature found on a planet’s surface. The ranges are: Very Cold (-200 to -100 C, -392 to -212 F), Cold (-100 to 0 C, -212 to 32 F), Moderate (0 to 20 C, 32 to 68 F), Hot (20 to 200 C, 68 to 392 F), and Very Hot (200 to 600 C, 392 to 1,112 F).
Axial Tilt, Climate Range - This is the angle of a planet’s inclination, when compared to its orbital plane. The more pronounced the tilt, the greater its climate will vary. Planets with axial tilts of 4 degrees or less with have no significant change in climate throughout the year. Planets with between 5 and 15 degrees tilt will have mild seasons with an average plus or minus of 5 C (+/- 41 F). Between 16 and 25 degrees tilt will give us moderate seasons (+/- 10 C, +/- 50 F). Between 26 and 35 degrees tilt will result in strong seasons (+/- 15 C, +/- 59 F), and from 36 to 45 degrees tilt will result in extreme seasons (+/- 20 C, +/- 68 F).
Composition - Important or major elements making up a planetary body. Most planetary bodies are composed of nickel and iron.
Orbit - A single revolution of a planetary body around its sun, expressed in Earth Standard days and years.
Length Of Day - The rotation of a planet around its axis, expressed in Earth Standard hours.
Orbital Distance - The average distance from a planetary body to its sun.
Tidally Locked - This is a planet that is too close to its sun, to the extent that it does not rotate because of the sun’s magnetic influence. One side of such a planet always faces the sun, while the opposite side never does, much like Luna is tidally locked to the Earth. This results in one side of a planet being scorching hot, while the other is freezing cold, unless a thick enough atmosphere is present to spread protect the planet’s surface, and to spread the heat around to the opposite side. Most tidally locked planets will be too cold for humans, but rare exceptions to the rule have been found.


Planetary System: 55 Cancri

Star: 55 Cancri A
Characteristics: Actually a binary system with two stars, 40 light years away from Earth in the Cancer constellation. A is a yellow dwarf star of main sequence, while B is a red dwarf. The stars are separated by over 1,000 AU.

Stats: 55 Cancri A
Constellation: Cancer
Star Type: G8V - Yellow Dwarf
Luminosity: 0.63 L
Mass: 0.95 M
Temperature: 5,373 K, 9,211 F
Radius: 1.15 R
Age: 7-9 GY

Planets, in order from closest to farthest:
Ae - 0.01 AU from 55 Cancri A, 18 hour orbit, 8 times more mass than Earth, temperatures of 2,000 Kelvin (3,140 Fahrenheit), one third of this planet is believed to be highly compressed carbon, and most of that is believed to be diamond, this planet has been named Lucy
Ab - 0.11 AU from 55 Cancri A, 14 day orbit, gas giant, 85% the mass of Jupiter
Ac - 0.24 AU from 55 Cancri A, 44 day orbit, gas giant, 50% the mass of Saturn
Af - 0.78 AU from 55 Cancri A, 260 day orbit, gas giant, 50% the mass of Saturn
Ad - 5.77 AU from 55 Cancri A, 14 year orbit, gas giant, 5 times the mass of Jupiter, no solid surface, gravity 10 to 15 times that of Earth

Stats: planet e, Lucy
Orbital Distance: 0.01 AU
Orbit: 0.73 days, 0.002 year
Gravity: 1.8
Radius: 2.00, 12,760 km
Diameter: 4.00, 25,520 km
Mass: 8.63
Density: 1.79
Composition: carbon and silicates, small metal core
Land: 56% Ice: 44% Liquid: 0%
Moons : 0, planet is tidally locked
Planetary resources: precious gems (diamonds)
Length Of Day: not applicable
Atmospheric Pressure: 0.2, extremely thin
Atmospheric Radiation, Base: lethal Level: 1100
Atmospheric Toxicity: lethal
Average Surface Temperature: 1726 C, 3,140 F
Axial Tilt: 4 degrees
Climate Range: no seasons whatsoever, +/- 0 C, 0 F


Planetary Systems: G 163

Star: G 163
Characteristics: red dwarf star, 33% the mass of Sol, located 49 light years away from Earth in Dorado constellation

Planets, in order from closest to farthest:
b - 0.06 AU from G 163, 9 day orbit, 
e - 0.10 AU from G 163, 19 day orbit,
c - 0.12 AU from G 163, 25 day orbit, 7 times more mass than Earth
f - 0.33 AU from G 163, 108 day orbit,
d - 1.02 AU from G 163, 601 day orbit,


Planetary Systems: G 581

Star: G 581
Characteristics: main sequence red dwarf star, 31% the mass of Sol, located 22 light years away from Earth in Libra constellation

Stats: G 581
Constellation: Libra
Star Type: M3V - Red Dwarf
Luminosity: 0.013 L
Mass: 0.31 M
Temperature: 3,480 K
Radius: 0.29 R
Age: 7-11 GY

Planets, in order from closest to farthest:
e - 0.02 AU from G 581, 3 day orbit, 2 times more mass than Earth, tidally locked
b - 0.04 AU from G 581, 5 day orbit, 16 times more mass than Earth, tidally locked
c - 0.07 AU from G 581, 13 day orbit, 5.5 times more mass than Earth, tidally locked
g - 0.14 AU from G 581, 36.5 day orbit, 3 times more mass than Earth, tidally locked, gravity is 1.8 times heavier than Earth, this planet has an extra dense atmosphere that captures and circulates heat all around the planet (greenhouse effect), this raises the temperature to between 40 and 50 degrees Fahrenheit in certain places, site of the colony Valhalla
d - 0.21 AU from G 581, 67 day orbit, 7 times more mass than Earth, possibly formed further away and drifted in closer until it settled into current orbit, site of many asteroid, comet and meteor impacts, tidal heating is too cold to maintain plate tectonics, site of proposed research and mining outpost Kuatica
f - 0.76 AU from G 581, 433 day orbit, 7 times more mass than Earth

Stats: planet g, Valhalla
Orbital Distance: 0.14 AU
Orbit: 36.5 days, 0.10 year
Gravity: 1.8
Radius: 1.51, 9,634 km
Diameter: 3.02, 19,268 km
Mass: 3.1
Density: 1.64
Composition: Iron-Nickel, large metal core
Land: 42% Ice: 27% Liquid: 31%
Moons : 0, planet is tidally locked
Planetary resources: high grade minerals
Length Of Day: not applicable
Atmospheric Pressure: 1.4, moderate, near dense
Atmospheric Radiation, Base: mild Level: 0.8
Atmospheric Toxicity: trace toxins (hydrogen)
Average Surface Temperature: -6 C, 21.2 F, on side facing sun
Axial Tilt: 2 degrees
Climate Range: no seasons whatsoever, +/- 0 C, 0 F

Stats: planet d, Kuatica
Orbital Distance: 0.21 AU
Orbit: 66.87 days, 0.18 year
Gravity: 1.0
Radius: 2.2, 14,036 km
Diameter: 4.4, 28,072 km
Mass: 6.98
Density: 0.45
Composition: ice mantle, silicate core
Land: 20% Ice: 64% Liquid: 16%
Moons : 9
a Gravity: 0.16 Diameter: 0.28, 1,786 km Mass: 0.01
b Gravity: 2.10 Diameter: 0.43, 2,743 km Mass: 0.38
c Gravity: 0.66 Diameter: 0.35, 2,233 km Mass: 0.08
d Gravity: 3.30 Diameter: 0.38, 2,424 km Mass: 0.47
e Gravity: 0.23 Diameter: 0.29, 1,850 km Mass: 0.01
f Gravity: 3.03 Diameter: 0.31, 1,977 km Mass: 0.29
g Gravity: 0.30 Diameter: 0.37, 2,360 km Mass: 0.04
h Gravity: 2.46 Diameter: 0.48, 3,062 km Mass: 0.56
i Gravity: 2.76 Diameter: 0.44, 2,807 km Mass: 0.53
Moon features: Due to their electromagnetic composition, several of the heavier moons (b,d,f,h,i) produce aurora borealis effects on Kuatica
Planetary resources: high grade metal ore, raw crystals
Length Of Day: 112 hours
Atmospheric Pressure: 1.2, moderate
Atmospheric Radiation, Base: mild Level: 0.32
Atmospheric Toxicity: severe toxins (chlorine, fluorine, hydrogen, others)
Average Surface Temperature: -93 C, -135.4 F
Axial Tilt: 37 degrees
Climate Range: ice planet, violent storms around equator and poles, +/- 20 C, 68 F


Planetary Systems: G 667

Star: GJ 667 C
Characteristics: Actually a system of three stars, bound by gravity, 22 light years from Earth in the Scorpius Constellation. A and B are in close proximity, while the closest C comes to them is 230 AU
Star A: 73% the mass of Sol, main sequence orange K type star
Star B: 69% the mass of Sol, main sequence orange K type star
Star C: 31% the mass of Sol, red dwarf M type star, exoplanets orbit this star only

Stats: G 667 C
Constellation: Scorpius
Star Type: M1.5V - Red Dwarf
Luminosity: 0.0137 L
Mass: 0.31 M
Temperature: 3,700 K
Radius: 0.42 R
Age: 2-10 GY

Planets, in order from closest to farthest:
Cb - 0.05 AU from GJ 667 C, 7 day orbit, 6 times more mass than Earth
Cc - 0.12 AU from GJ 667 C, 28 day orbit, 4 times more mass than Earth, slightly hotter than Earth, humid, heavy atmosphere and important deposits lead to the construction of the mining town Bootscrape, planet’s name is Melantha
Cf - 0.15 AU from GJ 667 C, 39 day orbit, 3 times more mass than Earth, awarded to the members of the Church of the Holy Redemption, site of the colony Redemption
Ce - 0.21 AU from GJ 667C, 62 day orbit, 3 times more mass than Earth, this planet is the location of Command Post Two, and is named Paradise
Cd - 0.27 AU from GJ 667 C, 92 day orbit, 8 times more mass than Earth, ice planet
Cg - 0.53 AU from GJ 667 C, 251 day orbit, 7 times more mass than Earth

Stats: planet c, Melantha
Orbital Distance: 0.12 AU
Orbit: 28.15 days, 0.07 year
Gravity: 1.1
Radius: 1.76, 11,229 km
Diameter: 3.52, 22,458 km
Mass: 4.39
Density: 0.4
Composition: Silicates, small metal core
Land: 20% Ice: 16% Liquid: 64%
Moons: 3
a Gravity: 2.9 Diameter: 0.37, 4,721 km Mass: 0.39
b Gravity: 1.4 Diameter: 0.39, 4,976 km Mass: 0.21
c Gravity: 0.7 Diameter: 0.24, 3,062 km Mass: 0.04
Moon features: Moon a might have some further developments.
Planetary Resources: precious metals, radioactive materials
Length Of Day: 9 hours
Atmospheric Pressure: 1.5, moderate, near dense
Atmospheric Radiation, Base: mild Level: 0.9
Atmospheric Toxicity: trace toxins (ammonia, methane)
Average Surface Temperature: 25 C, 77 F
Axial Tilt: 12 degrees
Climate Range: mild, +/- 5 C, 41 F

Stats: planet f, Redemption
Orbital Distance: 0.15 AU
Orbit: 39.08 days, 0.10 year
Gravity: 1.2
Radius: 1.52, 9697 km
Diameter: 3.04, 19,394 km
Mass: 3.12
Density: 0.5
Composition: Silicates, small metal core
Land: 45% Ice: 19% Liquid: 36%
Moons: 2
a Gravity: 1.3 Diameter: 0.34, 2,169km Mass: 0.15
b Gravity: 1.3 Diameter: 0.4, 2,552 km Mass: 0.20
Moon features: Portions of moon b contain photo-luminescent aluminum particles, which causes the surface to glow at all times.
Planetary Resources: low grade iron ore
Length Of Day: 28 hours
Atmospheric Pressure: 1.1, moderate
Atmospheric Radiation, Base: mild Level: 1.5
Atmospheric Toxicity: no toxicity
Average Surface Temperature: 18.6 C, 65 F
Axial Tilt: 31 degrees
Climate Range: strong, +/- 15 C, 59 F

Stats: planet e, Paradise
Orbital Distance: 0.21 AU
Orbit: 62.26 days, 0.17 year
Gravity: 1.3
Radius: 1.52, 9697 km
Diameter: 3.04, 19,394 km
Mass: 3.12
Density: 0.7
Composition: Iron-Nickel, medium metal core
Land: 45% Ice: 4% Liquid: 51%
Moons: 1
a Gravity: 1.1 Diameter: 0.27, 1,722 km Mass: .08
Planetary Resources: low grade iron ore
Length Of Day: 26 hours
Atmospheric Pressure: 0.6, moderate
Atmospheric Radiation, Base: mild Level: 1.1
Atmospheric Toxicity: no toxicity
Average Surface Temperature: 8 C, 46 F
Axial Tilt: 1 degree
Climate Range: mild, +/- 5 C, 41 F


Planetary System: GJ 1214

Star: GJ 1214
Characteristics: 20% the mass of Sol, red dwarf star, located 47 light years away from Earth in Ophiuchus constellation

Stats: GJ 1214
Constellation: Opiuchus
Star Type: M4.5 - Red Dwarf Star
Luminosity: 0.0032 L
Mass: 0.15 M
Temperature: 3,026 K
Radius: 0.20 R
Age: 6 GY

Planet:
b - 0.01 AU from GJ 1214, 1.5 day orbit, 6.5 times more mass than Earth

Stats: planet b, Lesenia
Orbital Distance: 0.01 AU
Orbit: 1.58 days, 0.54 year
Gravity: 0.36
Radius: 2.67, 17,034 km
Diameter: 5.34, 34,068 km
Mass: 6.55
Density: 1.0
Composition: Iron-Nickel large metal core
Land: 40% Ice: 11% Liquid: 49%
Moons: 0
Planetary Resources: raw crystals
Length Of Day: 13 hours
Atmospheric Pressure: 0.7, moderate
Atmospheric Radiation, Base: mild Level: 0.9
Atmospheric Toxicity: no toxicity
Average Surface Temperature: 12 C, 53 F
Axial Tilt: 18 degrees
Climate Range: moderate, +/- 10 C, 50 F


Planetary System: HD 40307

Star: HD 40307
Characteristics: 75% the mass of Sol, main sequence K type orange star, located 42 light years away from Earth in Pictor constellation

Stats: HD 40307
Constellation: Pictor
Star Type: K2.5V - Orange Main Sequence Star
Luminosity: 0.19 L
Mass: 0.75 M
Temperature: 4,977 K
Radius: 0.71 R
Age: 1.2 GY

Planets, in order from closest to farthest:
b - 0.04 AU from HD 40307, 4 day orbit, 4 times more mass than Earth
c - 0.08 AU from HD 40307, 10 day orbit, 7 times more mass than Earth
d - 0.13 AU from HD 40307, 20 day orbit, 10 times more mass than Earth
e - 0.18 AU from HD 40307, 35 day orbit, 4 times more mass than Earth
f - 0.25 AU from HD 40307, 52 day orbit, 5 times more mass than Earth
g - 0.60 AU from HD 40307, 198 day orbit, 8 times more mass than Earth, this planet will later be known as Erwinia

Stats: planet g, Erwinia
Orbital Distance: 0.60 AU
Orbit: 198 days, 0.54 year
Gravity: 1.3
Radius: 2.39, 15,248 km
Diameter: 4.78, 30,496 km
Mass: 8.19
Density: 1.1
Composition: Iron-Nickel large metal core
Land: 21% Ice: 0% Liquid: 79%
Moons: 2
a Gravity: 1.1 Diameter: 0.27, 3,445 km Mass: 0.08
b Gravity: 1.7 Diameter: 0.32, 4,083 km Mass: 0.17
Moon features: Due to an ancient collision with a large meteor, moon b has captured the debris in its orbit and formed a ring visible from the planet. It is unclear whether this debris has any significant value.
Planetary Resources: high grade minerals
Length Of Day: 146 hours, due to a tug of war between the planet and its sun
Atmospheric Pressure: 1.4, moderate, near dense
Atmospheric Radiation, Base: low Level: 0.09
Atmospheric Toxicity: trace toxins (hydrogen, carbon dioxide)
Average Surface Temperature: 32 C, 90 F
Axial Tilt: 29 degrees
Climate Range: mild, +/- 15 C, 59 F


Roaches In The Attic Timeline

Date: Thursday, September 25, 2042
Location: Cambridge, Massachusetts
Comment: Shawn Lundgren gives his initial presentation on space travel at MIT.

Date: Wednesday, March 23, 2044
Location: Undisclosed
Comment: Dr. Lundgren’s press release through the United Nations, after prolonged harassment from unknown agencies.

Date: Tuesday, April 5, 2044
Location: Wellington, Cambridge, Massachusetts
Comment: Shawn Lundgren’s death reported as a suicide.

Date: Wednesday, April 13, 2044
Location: Near the Norumbega Reservoir, Massachusetts
Comment: Susan Drake’s death reported as a suicide.

Date: Fall, 2055
Location: New York, New York
Comment: Space Corps announces the Colonial Lottery

Date: Summer, 2056
Location: planet Tau Ceti e
Comment: Mormon colony founded on planet Tau Ceti e

Date: December, 2056
Location: planet Tau Ceti e
Comment: Mormon colony contracts fatal parasites on planet Tau Ceti e

Date: April, 2057
Location: planet Valhalla
Comment: Norse colony founded on planet Valhalla

Date: June, 2057
Location: planet Melantha
Comment: Bootscrape mining colony founded on planet Melantha

Date: August, 2057
Location: planet Redemption
Comment: Christian colony founded on planet Redemption

Date: Tuesday, January 20, 2060
Location: Marine Division Recruit Station (MDRS), San Diego, California
Comment: Staff Sergeant Renquist has a lucid nightmare on the day of First Contact.

Date: Tuesday, January 20, 2060
Location: MDRS Paradise, Gliese 667 Star System
Comment: First Contact occurs on the planet Paradise

Date: Thursday, January 22, 2060
Location: MDRS Paradise, Gliese 667 Star System
Comment: This is the Day of Vengeance, on the planet Paradise

Date: Tuesday, March 2, 2060
Location: Ermey Amphitheater, MDRS San Diego, California, Earth, Sol System
Comment: David Milton gives a presentation regarding the day of First Contact.

Date: Friday, March 5, 2060
Location: Valhalla Colony, on the planet Valhalla
Comment: Sergeant Trossack is sent to Valhalla to investigate the lack of communication from the colony. After encountering resistance from the Roaches, reinforcements arrive to form Alpha Company, the first company of Marines permanently assigned to space.

Date: Friday, April 16, 2060
Location: Bootscrape Colony, on the planet Melantha
Comment: Watch Man Tony Magill spots object approaching planet Melantha.

Date: Sunday, April 25, 2060
Location: One mile north of Balmore Compound, on the planet Redemption
Comment: Reverend Joseph Balmore speaks with ‘God.’

Date: Friday, May 28, 2060
Location: Unknown
Comment: Erwin Brookhaven’s squad is diverted to the planet that will later become known as Erwinia.

Date: Tuesday, June 1, 2060
Location: Northwest arc of Roach Crater, near Bootscrape Colony, on the planet Melantha
Comment: Renquist and Storm are ordered to investigate possible subterfuge on the planet Redemption.

Date: Thursday June 17, 2060
Location: Tempe, Arizona, United States
Comment: Knotts makes his first appearance.

Date: Tuesday, June 22, 2060
Location: Temecula, California, United States
Comment: Dempsey makes his first appearance.

Date: Saturday, June 26, 2060
Location: Nampa, Idaho, United States
Comment: Mason makes his first appearance.

Date: June 30, 2060
Location: United States
Comment: The Black Navy delivers incriminating documents to the press.

Date: July 1, 2060
Location: United States
Comment: Illegal actions by police departments across the nation are exposed.

Date: July 2, 2060
Location: United States
Comment: Corrupt mayors across the nation are exposed.

Date: July 3, 2060
Location: United States
Comment: Corrupt governors across the nation are exposed.

Date: July 3, 2060
Location: Los Angeles, California, United States
Comment: Violence breaks out between the Oathkeepers and the corrupt LA police department. The result is six people dead, including Police Chief Martinez.

Date: July 4, 2060
Location: New York, New York, United States
Comment: Violence breaks out between citizens and the corrupt NYPD. Police Chief Drombrowski suppresses the number of casualties from the media.

Date: July 4, 2060
Location: United States
Comment: Corrupt lobbyists in the nation’s capitol are exposed. The mass suicide of exposed wrongdoers begins.

Date: July 5, 2060
Location: United States
Comment: The ultra-wealthy citizens of the United States are exposed.

Date: July 6, 2060
Location: United States
Comment: Corrupt politicians across the nation are exposed.

Date: July 7, 2060
Location: United States
Comment: The President of the United States, and his entire cabinet, are exposed.

Date: July 8, 2060
Location: United States
Comment: The Patriot Movement begins ousting the exposed criminals from their places of power. The Secretary Of Defense declares Martial Law in the United States.

Date: July 17, 2060
Location: Paradise
Comment: Space Corps declares its independence.


WISDOM OF THE ANCIENTS

(Insights and wisdom gained through my research into the holy books and history of ancient civilizations. This is only a small portion of what I’ve studied. Many of these articles have been posted on my Wordpress blog, Verum Et Inventa, including sources, images, and supporting links. Also on my blog are noteworthy articles, documentaries and videos by other researchers, ranging from ancient civilizations, government control and conspiracies, and emerging sciences such as the truth of consciousness and the hologram universe. All of these topics figure prominently in the Roaches In The Attic series. Entries have been sorted by nation, and in the order they were inspired.)

Various Nations

Ancient Manuscripts And Flying Vehicles:

(This is a list of ancient, or purportedly ancient, manuscripts that describe mysterious flying vehicles in what are largely taken to be mythology. Some of these documents are very difficult to track down, but of the ones I have obtained, I will post articles regarding my conclusions in the section appropriate for the country the manuscript originated in.)

From Akkadia: Epic of Ishtar and Izdubar

From Babylon: Hakaltha

From Chaldea: Sifr’ala

From India: Amarangasutradhara, Mahabharata, Mahavira of Bhavabhuti, Ramayana, Rig Veda, Samar, Samarangana Sutradhara, Vaimanika Sastra, Vaimanika Shastra (See Critical Study of Vymanika Shastra in Reading List section for refutation), Yajurveda, Yantra Sarvasva

From Tibet: Dzyan

Unknown: University of Chandrigarh documents

Giants

The following are excerpts from archived articles from the New York Times. You know where you can stick your Theory of Evolution.

The discovery of several skeletons… indicates that a heretofore unknown race of men once inhabited Southern Wisconsin. The heads… are much larger than the heads of any race which inhabit America to-day. (New York Times, May 4, 1912)

The skeleton… measured ten feet nine inches in length. It’s jaws and teeth were almost as large as those of a horse. (New York Times, November 21, 1856)

…found imbedded in the solid granite rock the remains of a human being of gigantic stature. … grave which had been dug out of  the solid rock. The head is massive, measures thirty-one and one-half inches in circumference… and very flat on top. The giant must have weighed at least 900 pounds, when covered with a reasonable amount of flesh. (New York Times, December 25, 1868)

More Big Indians Found In Virginia – The bodies exhumed were of strange and remarkable formation. The skulls were nearly an inch in thickness; the teeth were filed sharp, as are those of cannibals, the enamel perfectly preserved… the stature of the body being, probably, as great as eight or nine feet. (New York Times, September 8, 1871)

Makes you wonder, doesn’t it, about all those rumors of the Smithsonian hiding artifacts that don’t fit into their false paradigm of evolution. Here’s proof of a cover-up from the University of Texas: A giant skull was found in Victoria County, Texas in 1940. The skull was twice the size of a normal man’s, and other large bones were also found at the sight. Some jack-ass tried to pass this off by saying that the bones ‘did not indicate excessive stature,’ when previously this same person said they were ‘remarkably robust.’ Definition of remarkable: Attracting notice as being unusual or extraordinary.  So which is it, jack-ass? Were the bones normal or not? Then, said jack-ass goes on to say that the large size of the skull may have been an abnormality due to endocrine disturbance. It’s too bad we can’t analyze the skull with modern-day science, because it very conveniently went missing from the collection a long time ago.


The Black Knight Space Anomaly

We don’t really know what this thing is. Some people will try to debunk this as a used up modern satellite, but that is either ignorance or disinformation. The anomaly was up there BEFORE Russia launched Sputnik, the first modern satellite, into space, and this is BEFORE the United States had any satellites at all.
This anomaly does some very interesting things, too. It flies in a polar orbit contrary to every other satellite that is orbiting our planet. Even today, our top engineers can only make satellites that orbit by using the Earth’s natural rotation. They can’t make a satellite that matches the contrary polar orbit of the Black Knight. Oh, and every once in a while, somebody will try to get close to this thing for a better look at it, but according to the stories, the Black Knight moves out of range to avoid being studied. In fact, some people say that it cloaks itself, or disappears entirely for good lengths of time. Did I mention that this thing is much larger than other satellites?
So, let’s speculate. This could be some kind of primitive satellite that no government wants to claim responsibility for. Or, let’s use our imaginations for a minute. It could be an ancient spaceship that’s been floating around for, oh, say, 13,000 years, as some people have estimated, and it is intelligent enough to avoid observation. Another angle, brought forward by sci-fi writer Philip K. Dick, is that the Black Knight, or as he called it, VALIS, beamed information directly into his head, and this was radioactive enough to kill his household pets. The insights I have gained through the writing of Philip K. Dick will be presented in the section titled Valis.


Babylon

The Bible Versus Babylon: Introduction

(This series of articles is based upon my reading of the book The Chaldean Account Of Genesis. This book was written by George Smith, from the British Museum’s Department of Oriental Antiquities, and first published by Chiswick Press in 1876.)

Why can’t these findings be refuted? To begin with, this is because the author, George Smith, was out there digging through the rubble in the site of ancient Nineveh, in the late 1800s, and trying to piece things together from thousands upon thousands of fragments. Like other civilizations in the ancient Middle East, the Assyrians wrote on soft clay, and by later heating this clay over fire, they created hardened tablets that they placed into their libraries and used to preserve their records and mythology.
The majority of the tablets discovered in Nineveh, including all copies of the Biblical legends of Genesis, belong to the age of the Assyrian King Assurbanipal, who reigned in BCE 670. The Assyrians themselves attest that their tablets are copies, made from earlier works that originated in Babylon. (This was due to a sort of cultural renaissance during the reign of King Assurbanipal, who made it a mission to collect ancient mythologies and preserve them.) Unfortunately, precise Babylonian chronology cannot be determined.
Here are the generally accepted dates:

1550 BCE: In this year, King Hammurabi may have conquered Babylon. This year is important because there is no evidence that the Babylonian Genesis legends were written AFTER Hammurabi.
1550 to 1300 BCE: A foreign race rules over Babylon. (Historian Berosus calls this race ‘arabs,’ but nothing is really known about them.)
1300 BCE: King Tugultininip of Assyria conquers Babylon.

Here is a rough timeline as proposed by George Smith, but the actual years are conservatively estimated and may be much earlier:

Before BCE 2000: Independent kingdoms are present in Babylonia, and one of the bigger city-states is Akkad, which lies along the Euphrates between the latitudes of 32 and 33 degrees.
BCE 2000: This is the era of Urukh, king of Ur, and it coincides with the rise of Sumir in the southern part of the country.
BCE 1850: This is the era of Ismi-dagan, king of Karrak.
BCE 1700: This marks the rise of the city-state of Larsa.
BCE 1600: This is the era of Sargon, king of Akkad.
BCE 1550: This is the era of Hammurabi, king of Babylon.

The reason Smith can make these assertions is because the Assyrian tablets were meticulously copied from earlier sources. The ancients did not use numbered years and calendars to keep track of time, like we do. Instead, they went by events such as natural disasters, wars or the length of a monarch’s reign to gauge how far in the past something happened. Smith might have found something like, ‘the war that happened in the fifth year of the reign of Sargon,’ or ‘Urukh was in power for X amount of years before’ something else took place, like a flood, or a volcano erupting. The Assyrians copied this information from whatever Babylonian sources they used, and this is how Smith was able to come up with a rough timeline of events.
The Chaldean Tables of Astrology, and The Exploits of Lubara, appear to be older than 2000 BCE, but they cannot be dated with certainty. The Astrology and Lubara tablets mention several, certain kingdoms, and this is one reason why their contents are believed to be older. The legends of a Great Flood, and of a possible connection between the Babylonian Izdubar and the Biblical Nimrod, and the story of the Creation and Fall of Man date at least to 2000 BCE, if not earlier, as it is implied that they were oral traditions long before they were committed to writing. This is similar to how ancient Bible stories were passed down from one generation to the next.
The Babylonian version of Creation, of the Great Flood, Tower of Babel, and other stories were collected and further developed between 2000 and 1850 BCE. 2000 to 1550 BCE coincides with the accepted Biblical chronology from Abraham to Moses.
Among the items found in the ancient Assyrian ruins, which are attributed to even more ancient Babylon, are:

1. Lists of the names of the gods, their manifestations and their titles.
2. Grammatical works, lists of words, and explanations.
3. Mathematical works, calculations, tables, cubes, square roots and measures.
4. Astronomy, astrology, and omens.
5. Legends and historical inscriptions.
6. Historical cylinders, such as the earliest known cylinder of Kudur-mabuk, dating from 1600 BCE.
7. Geographical tablets, lists of towns and countries.
8. Laws and law cases, sales and barter, wills and loans.

As you will see in further posts, the Biblical versions of these stories are much more vague and leave out a lot of information, in comparison with the Babylonian versions. This tells me that it is quite probable that the Biblical versions are watered down substitutes, and were originally derived from the Babylonian stories. The only way a Bible apologist can refute this is by finding tablets or other verifiable records that date earlier than 2000 BCE, because just claiming that the Bible is older than Babylon isn’t going to cut it.
The Bible was invented in 369 CE, as the direct result of Emperor Constantine trying to unify the Roman Empire. It was formed from a mixture of ancient sources. These include Canaanite, Egyptian, Indian, Mesopotamian, and in later times, Grecian. This was the foundation of the Universal Church Of Rome.

You did know that the word Catholic translates from Greek as universal, right?

The word catholic (with lowercase c; derived via Late Latin catholicus, from the Greek adjective καθολικός (katholikos), meaning “universal”) comes from the Greek phrase καθόλου (katholou), meaning “on the whole”, “according to the whole” or “in general”, and is a combination of the Greek words κατά meaning “about” and ὅλος meaning “whole”. The word in English can mean either “including a wide variety of things; all-embracing” or “of the Roman Catholic faith” as “relating to the historic doctrine and practice of the Western Church.” (from the Wiki page on history of the term “Catholic”)


The Fish God And The Pope

First off, let’s establish the identity of Chaldean historian Berosus (also Berosuss):

Berosus was a Chaldean priest of Bel at Babylon who was acquainted with both astronomy and the history of the ancient world. He left Babylon when it was conquered by Alexander the Great and established himself in Asia Minor, on the island of Cos near Rhodes, where he set up an observatory and a school of astronomy. He also spent some time in Athens where he was held in such high esteem that they erected a copper statue in his honor.
He wrote his three books, about 290 BC, and although they are lost, their contents are known, from the authentic fragments, to have been as follows: Book 1: The description of Babylonia, the story of creation and the appearance of a “fish-man” called Oannes, who taught arts and sciences. Books 2 and 3: The ten kings before the flood, the story of the flood itself, the list of Chaldean and Arabian kings, and finally the later history of Assyria, Babylon and the Persians.

Note that Berosus was a priest of Bel, or Marduk, in Babylon. The name Bel is given as having originated in India, by the way. Bel means ‘sacred grove of apple trees.’ What’s interesting is that a name of Hindu origin was given to a god from Babylon, or modern day Iraq, which is about 2,000 miles away.  Also, Bel means lord, or owner, or husband, in the same way that the Canaanite Baal and the Biblical El do. Notice how all three names sound the same. A closer study of these three deities reveals that they all have different attributes and character, however, the word itself may have had a common origin in India. In modern times, we still say ‘Lord’ to designate god, as a title and not a proper name.

It may also be that the Bel worshipers called their deity Lord, but that the authors of the final version of our Bible (who lived in Babel and competed with the Bel cult), transliterated this name deliberately into בל (Bel), so that it strongly resembled the adverb בל (bal), which is a particle of negation meaning “not.” It comes from the root בלה (bala), meaning to be old or worn out… (This excerpt from Abarim Publication’s article Bel – The Amazing Name would explain why in the Bible, names associated with Bel or Baal mean old, worn out, worthless, or worthy of being destroyed. Anyway, back to Berosus…)

Berosus describes the location of Babylonia as being between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers. The region was bountiful, but the people of Chaldea were of various nations and lived in a lawless manner like beasts of the field. One day, an animal appeared who was endowed with reason. He / Its name was Oannes, and his body was that of a fish. Under this fish’s head was a second head and feet similar to those of a man, subjoined to the fish’s tail. Oannes had a human and articulate voice.
He gave the Chaldeans insight into letters and sciences. He taught them to construct cities, to found temples, and to compile laws. He explained to them the principles of geometry. He made them distinguish the seeds of the earth, and showed them how to collect fruits. From that day on, NOTHING COULD BE ADDED TO IMPROVE MAN’S KNOWLEDGE. (This is extremely important! This correlates with the esoteric concept that everything that was ever created by Man first began as thought, that all knowledge can be tapped into mentally, or spiritually, and that all knowledge is waiting to be discovered if humans just set their minds to it.)

What has been will be again, what has been done will be done again; there is nothing new under the sun. – Ecclesiastes 1:9, NIV version of the Bible.

Oannes then returned to the sea, but other animals like him appeared, and Berosus gives an account of them later in the history of the kings.

“A man, or rather a monster, Half man and half fish, coming from the sea, appeared near Babylon; he had two heads; one, which was the highest, resembled that of man, the other that of a fish. He had the feet of a man, and the tail of a fish; and his speech and voice resembled that of a man: a representation of him is still preserved. This monster dwelt by day with men, but took no food; he gave them knowledge of letters, arts, and sciences; he taught them to build towers and temples; and to establish laws; he instructed them in the principles of geometry; taught them to sow, and to gather the fruits of the earth; in short, whatever could contribute to polish and civilize their manners. At sun set he retired to the sea, in which he passed the night. There appeared likewise others of the same species.” - Berosus, from ancient fragments (as translated by Isaac P. Cory)

(Please see my blog article for images showing how the concept of the Babylonian fish god has been reproduced in the hat and robes worn by the Pope. This article can be found by using the search function at Verum Et Inventa; The Bible Versus Babylon, The Fish God And The Pope.)

Now, I’ve read where the church has adopted the rituals and ceremonies of the Roman Cult of Mithras, including the Christian fish symbol, but I haven’t gotten around to analyzing this yet. Still, I think that it’s too much of a coincidence that Dagon was a god of grain that came from the sea, compared with Jesus’ miracle of the fish (sea) and bread (grain).

The Genesis Myth

“Ordo ab Chao” – Translates as Order Out Of Chaos, which is a well-known Freemason / Illuminati slogan. Could Babylon be where this Latin phrase first originated?

If you’ve got a Bible handy, take it out and flip to the first page of Genesis. Here are verses 2 through 5 from chapter one:

2) And the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. 3) And God said, “Let there be light”; and there was light. 4) And God saw the light, that it was good; and God divided the light from the darkness. 5) And God called the light Day, and the darkness He called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.

You’ll notice that verse two mentions that before the act of Creation, there was only some sort of undefined and profound abyss. This is Day 1 of Creation. Also, read verses 14 through 19, chapter one:

14) And God said, “Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs and for seasons, and for days and years; 15) and let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth”; and it was so. 16) And God made two great lights: the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night. He made the stars also. 17) And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth, 18) and to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good. 19) And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.

Side note: Read verse 14 again. Time and time again, I’ve been told by stubborn Catholics and Christians that Astrology comes straight from the Devil. Bullshit. Astrology comes straight from God! (By God, I mean the entity that really created the Universe, and not the bearded white guy sitting on the throne and tossing down thunderbolts, disasters, plagues, etc.) I cannot emphasize this enough; Astrology is the key to everything, from good and evil planetary influences on humanity to Freemason / Illuminati / Kabbalah magic. The Egyptians knew it, the Indians knew it, the Greeks and Romans knew it, and oh yes, the Babylonians knew it, too. This is why so many ancient civilizations studied the stars all the time! Back to the topic…

Clearly, there is an inconsistency here. Day and Night were created in both the 1st Day of Creation, and in the 4th Day! It has been suggested that two separate creation myths were woven together when the Bible was invented. The separation point would be Genesis chapter 1, verse 8. Note how vague the first eight verses of Genesis read. To me, as a person who was raised both Catholic and later Christian it always seemed as if whoever came up with the mythology was too simple-minded to say more than: Well, I guess God created all that, out of nothing. Here’s another explanation; the inventors of the Bible used the Babylonian version of Creation, but they erased all mention of other gods from it, because they wanted everyone to look in the direction of Rome, and they wanted either the Roman Emperor or the Pope to be seen as an actual god.

Side note: Many monarchs have claimed that they are, literally, God On Earth. Spartans, Greeks and Romans did this. Alexander the Great, for example, was worshipped as a god, and while he was still alive. Even today, little children are praying to the President of the United States, and adults are asking Obama to hear their cry and deliver them. So, why shouldn’t the Pope claim to be God on Earth, when so many other great leaders have done the same?

Here is a brief rundown of the Babylonian account of Genesis, as found in the book The Chaldean Account Of Genesis, by George Smith: There was a time of nothing but darkness and an abyss of waters. (Sound familiar? Read Genesis 1:2 again if it doesn’t.) There appeared human-like creatures, ‘men,’ with two or four wings, and two heads. One head was masculine, one feminine, and the same went for their sexual organs. These human figures had the horns and legs of goats, while others had horse’s hindquarters and feet. Bulls had heads of men, dogs four times as thick as normal dogs had limbs ending in fish tails. Basically, creatures had limbs of every species of animal, including man. Fish, reptiles and serpents, and other monsters, assumed each other’s shapes and faces.
The god Anu is identified as the ruler and god of heaven. Anu also represents the entire universe when it was an abyss of waters. When these were split, the upper region or heaven (the Biblical firmament from Genesis 1, verses 7 and 8) was called Anu, while the lower region or earth was called Anatu (In Genesis 1:10 this is called Earth). Anatu is seen as the female principle or wife of Anu, and as a contrast to Anu. Whereas Anu represents height and heaven, Anatu represents depth and earth. Anatu is also seen as a female fish-god. Note the establishing of opposites, or duality, taking place right away.

Side note: The Chaldean version goes on to describe the birth of the moon like this: Anu opened up the original abyss, and created a whirling motion like boiling. (A spiral, maybe?) The moon passed through an opening like a giant bubble and made its way across the heavens. In the Bible, God simply stuck a lesser light in the sky to rule the night. What I find interesting here is that the Chaldeans / Babylonians are referring to a time when there was NO MOON IN THE SKY, which Plato and the Akkadian people also mention, but which the authors of the Bible have conveniently left out.

Presiding over the menagerie of random animals / men was a woman named Omoroca, which means ‘the sea’ or ‘the moon.’ The god Belus came and cut the woman in half. From one half he created the earth, from the other he created the heavens, and at the same time, he destroyed the wild animals within the abyss.
This is stated by George Smith to be an allegory of nature. Belus takes off his own head, upon which other gods mixed the resulting flow of blood, and from this men were formed. The gods, then, are seen as rational, of partaking in divine knowledge, and of forming a more stable universe. There is your inference to ‘order out of chaos,’ which is mentioned often enough in conspiracy circles. According to Polyhistor Alexander, Belus went on to create the stars, the sun, the moon, and the five planets, for a total of seven nearby heavenly bodies, and these are the seven planets which Santos Bonacci will explain were brought together during the founding of the Catholic (Universal) Church of Rome.
In the Bible, each day of God’s Creation is only worthy of a few verses. The original Babylonian versions inscribed each day with separate tablets. Unfortunately, much of the content of these tablets has been lost, but author Smith was able to make correlations with the fragments he was able to locate, sometimes simply from the surviving headings on the tables, as follows:

Verses in Genesis, chapter 1, and their counterparts on the Chaldean tablets:
Verses 1 and 2 agree with Smith’s Tablet 1
Verses 3 – 5, the 1st Day probably agree with Tablet 2
Verses 6 – 8, the 2nd Day, probably agree with Tablet 3
Verses 9 – 13, the 3rd Day, probably agree with Tablet 4
Verses 14 – 19, the 4th Day, agree with Tablet 5
Verses 20 – 23, the 5th Day, probably agree with Tablet 6
Verses 24 and 25, the 6th Day, probably agree with Tablet 7
Verses 26 and after, the 6th and 7th days, probably agree with Tablet 8

To restate, for each day of Creation, more information was included in the Babylonian tablets than what is found in the Bible verses, and a lot of what has been translated compares well with what we find in the scriptures. The Chaldean version uses phrases such as ‘delightful’ and ‘satisfactory,’ for example, to describe the results of the acts of Creation. Compare this to the phrase we find repeatedly in the first chapter of Genesis: ‘And God saw that it was good.’

The Garden Of Eden

In various fragments of the Chaldean tablets, the race of men known as zalmat-qaqadi, or the dark race, are also referred to as Admi, Adami or Adamu. (Through this and previous research, I am inclined to believe that this ‘dark race’ means black people. I am fairly certain that black people, both Semitic and Non-Semitic, occupied ancient Canaan and Mesopotamia, and long before the Arabs came into the picture.) Is it a coincidence that these last three words, Admi, Adami and Adamu, sound a lot like the name of the first man named in Genesis, Adam?
The Adamu are said to be the dark race, while the Sarku are said to be the lighter race. In the Bible, and not coincidentally, two races of men are mentioned: the sons of Adam and the sons of God. Going by the story in the scriptures, the sons of God were the fallen ones, or fallen angels. When the sons of God intermingled with the sons of Adam, they began to spread their evil across the Earth. As seen in Genesis Chapter 6:

And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto them, that the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all which they chose. (Genesis 6, verses 1 and 2. Notice that there is a distinction between the daughters of men, and the sons of God. Clearly, these are two different types of men, because they did not cohabitate before this time, and in all probability, these were two races. What this means as far as who the sons of God actually were, and what they were doing on Earth before this time, we can only speculate.)
In the Bible, there is no mention of the origin of the serpent that brings about the Fall of Man. In the Babylonian fragments, there is an incomplete story of the god Tiamat, the dragon of the sea, causing this Fall. Tiamat is generally seen as a griffin, and is connected with the original watery chaos before Creation. (See my Bible vs. Babylon post, Genesis, for another example of how the Biblical version of the Beginning is a truncated version of the Babylonian one.)
Also, author Smith claims the mentioned region of Ganduniyas matches with the Eden of the Bible. Eden is watered by 4 rivers: Euphrates, Tigris, Gihon and Pison. Ganduniyas is watered by 4 rivers: Euphrates, Tigris, Surappi and Ukni.
There is no Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil in the Chaldean fragments, but there is an allusion that a thirst for knowledge was the cause for the Fall of Man, and the image of a sacred tree has been found on an Assyrian cylinder.

And the Lord God said, Behold the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the Tree of Life, and eat, and live for ever: Therefore the Lord God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence he was taken. So he drove out the man: and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep (guard) the way of the way of the Tree of Life. (Genesis 3:22-24)

Genesis 3:22 mentions a second tree, the Tree of Life, which according to author Smith appears to correspond to the sacred grove of Anu. A tablet fragment states that a sword guarded this grove, and that the sword turned to all four cardinal directions. This sacred grove is seen in Babylonian and Assyrian sculpture, gem engravings, and on the walls of palaces and temples. Many representations have two cherubim on either side of this Tree of Life.
While the actual Babylonian story of the Fall of Man is lost, in the aftermath the gods are depicted as cursing the dragon Tiamat and the Adam or ‘Man’ for their transgression. This corresponds well with Genesis 3:9-19. The name of the dragon is never written out phonetically, but instead it is shown as two monograms which probably mean ‘scaly one,’ and this would apply to a dragon, a serpent, or even a fish. The image of this dragon appears on Babylonian gems; it is a griffin with a head like a carnivorous animal, a body covered with scales, legs ending in claws like an eagle’s, and wings on its back. Modern day depictions of griffins are very similar to the Chaldean works. The British Museum has one Babylonian seal showing two figures standing on each side of a tree, holding out their hands to the fruit, while behind one figure is stretched a serpent. Tiamat could be said to be the spirit of chaos or disorder that was present before Creation, and which was and would still be opposed today to the deities that brought forth order.

Here is a list of the curses the gods place on Tiamat (chaos) and Adam (the black Man):
1. Wisdom and knowledge shall injure him.
2. He shall have family quarrels.
3. He shall submit to tyranny.
4. He will anger the gods.
5. He shall not eat the fruit of his labor.
6. He shall be disappointed in his desires.
7. He shall pour out useless prayer.
8. He shall have trouble of mind and body.
9. He shall commit future sin.

What follows is a great war between the gods and the powers of evil, led by the scaly one, Tiamat. From the fragments, it seems that the gods have fashioned a sword and a bow to fight what is considered to be a female dragon in Tiamat, and they offer it to a great hero who will battle her. Bel or Merodach volunteers to fight the dragon. There is a significant Biblical parallel here, but it’s not found in the book of Genesis. Instead, we’ll have to go way over to the last book of the Bible:

And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his angels (with him), and prevailed not; neither was their place found any more in heaven. And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him. (Revelations 12:7-9)

You will notice that in the above verses, Satan is called both a dragon and a serpent, making the two words basically interchangeable. So, in conclusion, the dragon Tiamat led or caused Man to Fall, while in the Bible, the serpent led Man to commit sin. Later, Tiamat would war against the gods, but in the end this dragon was destined for defeat in a great celestial war. Sounds a lot like the verses above from Revelations, doesn’t it?

Side note: As pointed out previously, the title ‘El,’ one of God’s names in the Bible, comes from Sanskrit and first meant ‘sacred grove of apple trees.’ This may very well tie in with the verified belief that Babylonian god Anu had a sacred grove. In ancient Canaan / Mesopotamia, the names of the gods El, Bel and Baal later evolved to mean ‘lord’ or ‘husband.’ The word Elohim, arguably, may be a plural of El, as in, many lords, or many gods, and would make sense in the Babylonian context of Genesis, where several gods were involved in Creation. I would debate that in the Book of Genesis, the phrase ‘many gods’ was replaced by the phrase ‘one god,’ because clearly there are too many parallels between Babylon and the Bible to be purely coincidental. In fact, the Bible organizers from Rome may have slipped up in Genesis 1, verse 26, when God says, “Let US make man in OUR image, after OUR likeness.’ I scanned my Bible collection, and apparently, only the 1890 Darby Version still has the word Elohim in it, and quite liberally in the first few chapters of Genesis, written as Jehovah-Elohim.)

Sidenote: Here are the meanings of a few Biblical names: Abel = Breathing Spirit, arguably Breath of God, Babel = Gate of God, Gabriel = Man of God, Michael = like God, with the suffix El standing for God. Also, researcher Santos Bonacci has proposed that modern words, such as elect and elder, and even electric, have similar origins, going way back to when Saturn was the dominant planet in the heavens, and which became the prototype for all of the patriarch male gods, i.e. Yahweh, Zeus, Odin, that humanity has ever created.

The Flood And The Tower

There are two accounts of the Great Flood, or the Deluge, found in the tablet fragments discovered by archeologist George Smith. Here is the first story:
In the Babylonia History of Kings, the Deluge occurred during the time of Xisuthrus. The god Cronos (which is a personification of the planet Saturn) appeared to this king, and in a vision Cronos warned the king about an impending flood whereupon mankind would be destroyed. Cronos told Xisuthrus to write down a history of the beginning, the middle and the conclusion of all things, and to bury this historical record at the city of the Sun at Sippara. Further, Xisuthrus was told to build a vessel, and to take into it his friends and relations, food, and all the different animals, birds and quadrupeds included, and to entrust himself fearlessly for the upcoming catastrophe. Similar to the Biblical account, Xisurthrus sends birds out three times during the flood, and the third time the birds did not return to him. This is when the king judged that the surface of the earth had appeared above the waters. The vessel became stranded on the side of a mountain, upon which Xisurthrus, his wife, daughter, and the navigator exited. They constructed an altar and offered sacrifices to the gods, and all of them then suddenly disappeared, purportedly due to divine intervention.
The people remaining in the vessel came out and could not find Xisurthrus, but they did hear his voice telling them to search out the buried knowledge at Sippara, in order for the entire world to know what had taken place. When these survivors returned to Babylon, they built cities and erected temples, and the great city emerged once again. The vessel was said to still exist in what is modern day Armenia, and the inhabitants were using its wood as good luck charms, to fashion amulets and bracelets for themselves.
The second story of the Deluge: In this version, Hea, the god of fate and wisdom, is shown to speak to Hasisadra, and Hasisadra goes on to repeat this story to Izdubar. (Author Smith’s interpretation is that Hasisadra is the Biblical Noah and that Izdubar is the Biblical Nimrod.) The god goes on to say, in Smith’s translation:

“Surippakite, son of Ubaratutu. Make a ship. Cause to go into this ship the seed of life, all of it to the midst the ship. The ship which thou shalt make shall be 600 cubits the measure of its length and 60 cubits its breadth and its height. Into the deep launch it.”
Hasisadra / Surippakite replied: “Hea, my lord. The ship making which thou commandest me, when I shall have made, young and old will deride me.”
Hea opened his mouth and said: “Thou shalt say unto them… (some fragmented segments here) …he has turned from me and… fixed over me… like caves… above and below… closed the ship… the flood which I well send to you, into it enter and the door of the ship turn. Into the midst of it thy grain, thy furniture, and thy goods, thy wealth, thy woman servants, thy female slaves, and the young men, the beasts of the field, the animals of the field all, and I will gather (them) and I will send to thee, and they shall be enclosed in thy door.”

Following Hea’s command, Hasisadra ‘collected wine like the waters of a river, and food like the dust of the earth also he collected in boxes. He put into the ark all he possessed of gold, silver, and the seed of life, the male and female servants, the beasts and animals of the field, the sons of the people all of them.’
The sun god Shamash said: “I will cause it to rain heavily, enter the ship and shut thy door.”
Several gods were involved in causing rain, thunder and lightning. Evil spirits carried destruction and swept the earth, and the flood reached up to heaven. The entire earth was turned to a waste. The situation was so dire that the gods feared this flood would reach even them, and they ascended to the heaven of Anu.
Ishtar spoke: “All (people) to corruption are turned and then I in the presence of the gods prophesied evil. To evil were devoted all my people. The people like the young of fishes filled the sea.”
The gods wept with her, were in lamentation, and covered their lips for the coming evil. Six days and nights the wind, deluge and storm overwhelmed the Earth. On the 7th day was calmed the storm and deluge.
Hasisadra said: “The whole of mankind turned to corruption, like the reeds the corpses (of people) floated. I opened the window and light broke over my face, it passed. I sat down and wept, over my face flowed my tears. I perceived the shore at the boundary of the sea, for 12 measures the land rose.”
In this version, Hasisadra sent forth a dove, a swallow and a raven. The first two birds returned, but the third did not.
Upon opening the ark, Hasisadra said: “I sent the animals forth to the four winds. I poured out a libation, I built an altar on the peak of the mountain, by seven herbs I cut, at the bottom of them I placed reeds, pines and simgar. The gods collected at its savor, the gods like flies over the sacrifice gathered.”
I’d like to point out that in the Babylonian version, Hasisadra (Noah) and Izdubar (Nimrod) knew each other. In the Bible, Nimrod gets mentioned in only a few verses, as follows:

And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth. He was a mighty hunter before the Lord: wherefore it is said, Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the Lord. And the beginnings of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar. (Genesis 10:8-10)

1st Chronicles also mentions Nimrod, trivially, in two verses. 1:10 and 5:6, King James Version. What I’ve always found curious is that if Nimrod was such a mighty hunter, why did the Bible organizers give him so little attention? Bible Thumpers will say that Nimrod was evil and haughty before Saturn, oops, I meant Yahweh, but from the little there is to base that assumption on, I can’t see how Nimrod’s description is negative. How can pastors create an entire sermon over these very few short, vague verses?
That he was mighty before the Lord doesn’t sound all that bad. You could say that David was mighty before the Lord, or Samson / Hercules, or any other widely accepted Bible hero. It doesn’t say that Nimrod was mighty against the Lord, does it? By reading up on Babylon’s version, we find that Izdubar is also described as a mighty hunter. He was said to have destroyed the Bull of the goddess Ishtar, as well as to have battled lions. He was also a king and later deified as a god. I can’t find a basis for all this animosity that Christians and ancient Hebrews have for Nimrod, other than Nimrod was the god of a rival city-state. Haters!
Unfortunately, the story of the Tower of Babel is much of a letdown. At the time Smith wrote his book The Chaldean Account Of Genesis in 1876, his findings were too fragmented to make a complete story. Smith’s belief is that the Tower of Babel was probably located at the Birs Nimrud site, or at the Babil mound where the Temple of Bel once stood. Here is what Smith was able to piece together:

The first inhabitants of the earth, glorifying in their own strength and size, and despising the gods, decided to raise a tower whose top should reach the sky. This tower was built where Babylon now stands. When the tower approached the heavens, the winds helped the gods to knock it over, and its ruins were said to still be found at Babylon. The gods then introduced a diversity of tongues among men, as before they all spoke in the same language. As a result, a war is said to have begun between the gods Cronos and Titan.

Historian Alexander Polyhistor’s version is pretty much a match:

That when all men formerly spoke the same language some among them undertook to erect a large and lofty tower, that they might climb up into heaven. But God sending forth a whirlwind confounded their design, and gave to each tribe a particular language of its own, which is the reason that the name of that city is Babylon. After the deluge lived Titan and Prometheus, when Titan undertook a war against Cronus.

Again, it’s not much to go with, but the important part is that the story of the Tower of Babel and the Confusion of Tongues vastly predates the organizing of the Bible. I’ve got one more post to compose, but it’s made up of mostly odds and ends that I found relevant and insightful.

Odds And Ends

This final entry of the series contains assorted information collected from the fragmented tablets discovered by George Smith, as explained in the introductory post. Some of this you might find worth taking a look at, or not, but at the same time, I may be writing a related work of fiction in the future, which may incorporate some of these details. Thus, I’d rather have the items readily available, instead of having to compile the data all over again later.
In the ancient antiquity of Babylon, there is mention of three great cities, which surpassed all the rest. These cities were Erech, Eridu and Nipur. The patron gods of these cities were, respectively, Anu, Hea and Bel. Below is an expanded hierarchy of the twelve major or primary Babylonian gods:

City – God – Main Title
Erech (Biblical Uruk) – Anu – king of angels and spirits
Nipur – Bel – father of all gods
Eridu – Hea – god of fate, wisdom and knowledge
Ur – Sin – lord of crowns and brightness
Babylon – Merodach (also Marduk) – prince of gods, lord of birth
Muru – Vul – lord of canals and atmosphere
Larsa and Sippara – Shamash – director, judge of heaven and earth
Nipur – Ninip – warrior of the gods, destroyer of the wicked
Cutha – Nergal – giant king of war
widespread – Nusku – holder of the golden scepter, the lofty god
Nipur – Belat – wife of Bel, mother of all gods
widespread – Ishtar – eldest of heaven and earth, raising the faces of warriors

After these 12 gods came the bulk of the pantheon. It is here that the many lesser gods came into play. Below the pantheon we have the Igege, or the angels of heaven, and the Anunaki, the angels of earth. Below that level came the various categories of spirits or genii: the Sedu, the Vadukku, the Ekimu and the Gallu, and others, some of which were evil and some good.
About the god Anu: He is identified as the ruler of god and heaven. Anu represents the entire universe when it was primordial and an abyss of profound waters. When these waters were split, the upper region or heaven was called Anu, and the lower region or earth was called Anatu. Anatu is seen as the female principle or wife of Anu and in many ways is a contrast to Anu. Whereas Anu represents height and heaven, Anatu represents depth and earth. Anatu is also seen as a female fish god.
One of Anu’s chilcren is the air god Vul, who is also known as Pur, Ramman, Rimmon, Uban or Ben. Vul is the god of the atmosphere, or the space between heaven and earth. He is the god of rain, storms, whirlwinds, thunder, lightning and floods. In Syria and Arabai, Vul was known as Daddi. In Armenia, he was called Teiseba.
Another of Anu’s children is Bil-kan. This may parallel the Biblical Tubal Cain of Genesis 4:22, and also the classical god Vulcan. Bil-kan is the god of fire, witchcraft and spells, and smelter of metals. Note what the Bible has to say about the early descendants of Cain:

And Ada brought forth Jabel; who was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of herdsmen. And his brother’s name was Jubal; he was the father of them that play upon the harp and the organs. Sella also brought forth Tubalcain, who was a hammerer and artificer in every work of brass and iron. – (Genesis 4:20-22, Douay-Rheims Version)

In the first two sentences above, replace the word ‘father’ with the word ‘god,’ and you have Jabel as the god of herdsmen and Jubal as the god of music. Following this train of thought, Tubalcain then becomes the god of the forge, much like Bil-kan was seen as the smelter of metals. This is more in line with all of the ancient civilizations that worshipped a pantheon of gods, where each god displayed specific attributes. In addition, it would be seen as logical that the early Hebrews would have a god of herdsmen. These Hebrews lived in tribes as nomadic shepherds all through the Old Testament and even at the time of the birth of Jesus, where it was a shepherd that saw the ‘star’ over Bethlehem. This idea of gods, or at least demigods, having specific charges or attributes is prevalent even in today’s world, as exemplified in the worship of saints by the Catholic Church.
It is very apparent from my research into ancient Canaan that the Hebrews worshipped a pantheon of gods, whether they want to admit it or not in the present day. This went on up until 500 or 400 BCE, when the male dominated priesthood ‘converted’ to monolatrism, the worship of one god among a bunch, and later, to monotheism, the belief that there is only one god. In the future, I’ll post more on how the early Jews erased the goddess Asherah, the wife and consort of Baal / El from history.
A daughter of Anu was Istar, which evolved into Ishtar, and this is the pagan goddess that was worshipped at the spring equinox. The Bible marks and still celebrates this time of year as Easter, when Jesus is said to have been crucified and to rise from the dead three days later. The inventors of the Bible didn’t strain too hard, did they, when they changed Istar to Easter. Istar is also seen as the planet Venus.
Hea was the god of the sea and of the underworld, or Hades. In some places, Hea is identified with Cronos, or Saturn, and in other instances he is more in line with Poseidon, or Neptune. Hea was the god of fishermen and sailors, and his wife was Dav-Kina, in Damascius she was called Davke, is the goddess of the lower regions.
The son of Hea and Dav-Kina is Merodach, or Maruduk or Marduk, and he evolved later into Bel. After the city of Babylon was made the capital of the Babylonian empire, Merodach was raised to the head of the pantheon as the chief god. According to the tablets, this would be because Izdubar / Nimrod, the great warrior who united the various cities, came from Babylon, and Merodach was the local deity. I’ll adjust the evolutionary path of the planet Saturn here, as seen in the various mythologies:

Saturn = Merodach = Bel = El = Yahweh = Jahve = Jehovah

Merodach was also identified with the planet Jupiter. When Merodach evolved into Bel and was seen as the father of all gods, he took on further attributes. Bel was seen as the father of all gods, and thus becomes associated with Saturn and what the Greeks called the Golden Age of Man.
There is a fragmented and curious tale of the god Merodach, going about the world and seeking to remove all of the curses and spells he came across. Merodach went to his father Hea and asked how he could combat the influence of evil spirits. This strikes me to be very similar to the esoteric and perhaps Masonic account of Solomon, who petitioned God to tell him the names and powers of all the demons on Earth, so Solomon could defeat them and imprison them all in jars.
Another interesting tidbit is that the Babylonian sun god was known as Shamash or Shamas. The sun god kept his name in later Mesopotamian religions, and also in Canaan. Usually the names of the gods change with each subsequent culture, while their attributes stay the same.
Here’s another anomaly. In the Babylonian fragments there is a legend of the serpent having committed a great sin. Shamash decreed that the punishment was for the serpent to be eaten by the eagle. The eagle declined to eat the serpent. Later, some unknown person or god set a trap and caught the eagle, and the eagle was made to starve until it finally agreed to eat the serpent. This reminds me of the legend of Aztlan, where the ancient people of Mexico were said to be searching through the countryside for an eagle on a clump of cactus. When these people came to Lake Texcoco, they saw the eagle perched on a clump of cactus, and in its beak was a snake. This became the Aztec capital of Tenochtitlan, and a rendition of this myth can be seen today on the flag of Mexico. There is too much similarity in the word Aztlan and the word Atlantis, in my opinion, and I think it’s too much of a coincidence that both the ancient Babylonians and the ancient Mexicans had similar legends of an eagle eating a serpent.

More oddities with names:
Cain, also Gina or Kinu, means to stand upright
Enoch, also Emuk, Enuk, means to be wise
Noah, Nuh, means rest and satisfaction
Cainan, or Kan-nan, was a town in Babylonia. The name means fish canal, and the residents were called Kanunai or Canaanites. Immigrants may have carried their geographical name over to their new home in the Biblical land Canaan.
Gan-dunnu, or Gan-eden is linked with the Garden of Eden.

According to author Smith, the rise of the kingdom of Ur (2,000 to 1,850 BCE) coincides with the dates given for the life of Abraham, who is stated to come from Ur of the Chaldees (Genesis 11:31).
Sargina, or Sargon I, was a king of Babylon who reigned over Akkad at about 1600 BCE. The name means right, true or legitimate king, and may have been assumed upon Sargon’s ascension to the throne. In order to legitimize his claim on the throne, Sargon thought to connect himself with the old line of kings. Sargon’s claimed origins are as follows, and were found on fragments of tablets from Kouyunjik:

Sargina the powerful king, the king of Akkad am I
My mother was a princess, my father I did not know, a brother of my father ruled over the country.
In the city of Azupiranu which by the side of the river Euphrates is situated
my mother the princess conceived me; in difficulty she brought me forth
She placed me in an ark of rushes, with bitumen my exit she sealed up,
She launched me on the river which did not drown me
The river carried me, to Akki the water carrier it brought me
Akki the water carrier in tenderness of bowels lifted me;
Akki the water carrier as his child brought me up
Akki the water carrier as his husbandman placed me,
and in my husbandry Ishtar prospered me.
45? years the kingdom I have ruled
the people of the dark races I governed

Compare to the account of the infant Moses:

And when she could hide him (Moses) no longer, she took a basket made of bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and pitch; and put the little babe therein, and laid him in the sedges by the river’s brink. – (Exodus 2:3, Douay-Rheims Version)

According to Berosus, 86 kings ruled for 34,080 years, or about 400 years each, between the great Flood and the Median or Elamite conquest. Author George Smith gives a more reasonable estimate of 1,000 years, or about 11 years reign for each king. This would place the Flood to have taken place at about 3500 BCE. This timeline may not be exact, but it is a lot better than what modern Biblical scholars and their apologists have been giving us, and as we have seen, the first book of the Bible is chock full of Babylonian mythology.

Another side-note is that many of the ancient religions, such as the Aztecs, the Hopi, and the Indians, believed or still believe in cycles of time of between 5,000 and 6,000 years. Putting the Biblical Flood at 3,500 BCE gives us a date of about 5,500 years ago, which fits into this concept perfectly. This is when the age of darkness and decline and materialism began. Further, this age ended on December 21st, 2012, and we are now entering into an age of spiritual awakening and enlightenment, from the Age of Pisces to the Age of Aquarius.
The Bible is not 100% fiction, but neither is it 100% truth. Since the modern clergy doesn’t think it worthwhile to tell us the truth, it’s up to people like you and me to go out and find it. The three largest and most influential religions on this planet are Christianity, Judaism and Islam, and they’re more about controlling their congregations and followers than anything else. Like the verse says:

Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free. – (John 8:32, New International Version)


Egypt

King Tut And Life-Giving Meteorites

Theory: Ancient Egyptians may have known that meteors carry life-producing elements on them, and perhaps, may have even worshipped or reverenced meteors.

Background: I am presently doing some research into the ancient civilizations of Egypt and India, and I have come across a few coincidences that have given me pause. I jotted a few of these things down, but since they’re taking me away from my original task, I can only give them a cursory examination. I may come back and further analyze this topic at a later time. Regardless, there is enough evidence here to raise all but the most cynical of eyebrows.

Facts:
1. Meteors are thought to carry amino acids that are essential for life. When the meteor impacts on the Earth, these proteins are introduced into our environment.
2. King Tut’s full name is Tutankhamen. He was named pharaoh when he was nine, and he passed away at nineteen, possibly due to a leg infection. Known as the Boy King, the translation of Tut’s name is as follows, as the ‘ankh’ portion is relevant:

Tut = strong, courageous, Ankh = key of life, Amen = god of life

Tut’s father was Amenhotep IV. For comparison, here is a translation of his name:

Amen = god of life, Hotep = servant of

3. When King Tut’s sarcophagus was discovered in November of 1922, a great amount of gold and jewelry and other valuables were found around it. Specifically, a large and ornate necklace, or pectoral (jewelry worn over the chest), was found. This necklace has as its centerpiece a winged scarab, or dung beetle, and the body of this beetle is made of meteorite.
4. To the ancient Egyptians, the scarab represented Ra, the father of the gods and also the sun. Ra was thought to be born every morning, to row his boat across the sky during the day, and to die each night. The scarab was seen to roll its ball of dung across the ground, and once the beetle had lain its eggs in the ball, the hatchlings coming out of the dung were seen to parallel the way Ra resurrected every morning.

Credible suppositions:
1. The Egyptian ankh (the key of life) had its top loop closed off, and today we know it as the Christian Cross. This is a symbol of resurrection. (Judaism borrowed circumcision, monotheism, resurrection, and the concepts of heaven and the judgment of the soul after death from Egypt.)
2. The scarab beetles emerging from a ball of dung evolved into the image of the phoenix rising from its ashes. Again, this is a symbol for resurrection.

Supporting evidence of meteor worship:
1. In Greek mythology, Saturn (or Cronos) devoured the four sons that Cybele (Rhea) had borne him. When Zeus was born, Cybele gave Saturn a stone instead of baby Zeus, and Saturn ate it. This stone came out of Saturn when he was removed from his throne. Either Saturn or Zeus threw this stone to Earth, and the place where it landed became Apollo’s temple at Delphi. Apollo is the Greek sun god, and the location of the meteorite became a place of worship. (Here’s a fascinating tidbit: Saturn has several moons, and as seen from Earth, the ancient Greeks may have produced this mythology by observing when the moons periodically went behind Saturn. It could be imagined that Saturn was ‘eating his sons’ when the moons were hidden from view. Also, the Stone of Omphalos, located in Jerusalem, may also be a meteor that is being reverenced or worshipped.)
2. In 218 Common Era, Emperor Elagabalus insisted that a ‘conical black stone’ be worshipped by the masses. I guess he was murdered soon after he did this, but there is at least a hint of the idea that some or perhaps even many Greek and Roman temples enshrined rocks that had fallen from the sky.
3. I haven’t researched or confirmed these additional reports yet, but there they are: Meteorites are said to have been found at Hopewell burial mounds in the United States, where from their placement it could be reasonably assumed that they were worshipped, and other cases of meteor worship have been given as Africa, Asia, Europe and other parts of the Americas.
4. Here is an example of meteor worship, or at least ‘reverence,’ happening right now. The wall of Ka’ba is the holiest Islamic shrine at Mecca. A corner of this wall contains the fragments of an ancient ‘stone’ that many Islamists try to kiss, touch, or at least get a glimpse of. The legend is that either this stone was around at the time of Adam and Eve, or that the angel Gabriel gave it to Abraham, who built it into his house. These fragments have not been studied properly, but there is speculation that it may or may not be a meteor, and if it isn’t, it may actually be impact glass from a meteor crater at Wabar, which lies at about 100 kilometers from Mecca. (Also note that the reverence of this particular Black Stone predates Islam.)

Conclusion: Egyptian royalty and the priesthood at the time of King Tut’s death thought that a meteorite fragment was valuable enough to place into the tomb of their dead king, along with all manner of other goods and valuables a deceased monarch might need in the afterlife. There are too many allusions, from too many places, of the importance of objects falling from the sky, and in Egypt’s case, of life intertwined with meteors, to be ignored. Since that time, many other cultures have been shown to have also practiced meteor worship and/or reverence, including one of the biggest religions in the world today. It could reasonably be assumed that meteor worship or reverence was practiced in ancient Egypt as well, alongside their already established sun worship and their concept of resurrection.


The One God, Or Monotheism

So, one fine day in the ancient past, this one guy is walking around, walking around. He’s a pretty important guy in his circles, and he pretty much has authority over everything around him. Suddenly, he has a vision. A great light appears before him, and he starts shaking with fear. A great voice comes from the light, and it tells him:

I am the one true God, and you will worship no other god but me. (Or else!)

So, who is this guy that heard this great rumbling voice of God? Is it Abraham, somewhere between 1975 and 1800 BCE? Is it Moses, between 1525 and 1405 BCE? Is it Saul, when he was on his way to Damascus in 33 ACE? Maybe, it was Roman Emperor Constantine in 312 ACE, at the Battle of Milvian Bridge? Nope, it was none of these jokers.
The person who had this heavenly vision was Amenhotep IV, Pharaoh of Egypt, right around 1347 BCE. This vision affected him so much that like Saul, who changed his name to Paul, Amenhotep changed his name also. (Amenhotep means Peace of Amun, or Amon, or especially, of Amen, which sounds familiar, doesn’t it? It’s hard to tell exactly what his name was because the Egyptians left out vowels from their words just like the Hebrews did, which is, of course, just another in a long line of coincidences when Judaism makes its claim that its religion developed with absolutely no influence from anybody else.) Well, Amenhotep changed his name to Akhenaten (Servant of Aten), and for several years he tried to convince the land of Egypt to follow his example. He couldn’t do it, though, and after his reign the people went back to their traditional pantheon of gods.
Why is this important today? Well, because three of the world’s most dominant religions would have you believe that that they alone hold the secret to salvation, through the belief in one single god. The truth is their holy books were put together way, way after the reign of Akhenaten. Any turkey can say, oh, in 3,000 BCE, god came down and spoke to this certain group of people, but how many religions can back this up historically? Check this out:

Judaism – The earliest recalled period of Judaic monolatrism is in the 7th to 6th century BCE. This is over six hundred years after Akhenaten. Monolatrism is the understanding that many gods exists, but only one god is worshipped exclusively by a certain group. Monotheism, or the belief that only one god exists, came later.

Christianity – In 200 BCE, the early Christians worshipped a godhead of THREE figures: Father, Son and Holy Ghost. God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost are referring to or describing the different divine persons. This is a lot like the Hindu pantheon in which a minor god is seen to be a divine aspect of another, major god. Only after Constantine’s vision did the concept of one, single god become popular. This was over one thousand years after Akhenaton.

Islam – The claim is that this religion practices the faith of Abraham, Moses, David and Jesus, before it was corrupted. The problem is that it only goes back to the beginning of the Jewish Torah, which is not the earliest example of monotheism, as we have just seen. Islam was invented in 700 CE, and this is 2,000 years after Akhenaten.

Besides those mentioned above, a few other people have claimed that god singled them out and spoke to them, when nobody was around and in a way where they couldn’t prove anything later, because god controls, uh, I meant, god works in mysterious ways like that. In 1820, Joseph Smith claimed that god had appeared to him in the woods, and later the angel Moroni appeared to give him secret knowledge. Mohammed had a similar visitation early in the Seventh Century CE, and according to some sources, these visions lasted twenty-two years. Science fiction author Philip K. Dick also stated that he saw an instantaneous vision, from the reflection on a Christian woman’s fish pendant in 1973 (See the Black Knight Space Anomaly for more info.).


India

Excerpts From The Ramayana

This is a more modern translation of the Ramayana by Rajagopalachari, and in his endeavors he has reviewed older works written by Tamban and Valmiki. The original epic poetry was written by Valmiki, between the years of 500 and 400 BCE. As Rajagopalachari has stated, this version is written so even a child can read it, and as such, some of the intent and substance of the original may have in some way been filtered away or lost. However, I specifically chose this version because of its writing style, and to contrast / compare its content with Biblical writings. It was to serve as an easy to read introduction to the ancient Indian manuscripts, of which I have acquired several, and which I intend to read in the near future.
First, the title of a chapter or section will be shown, where the relevant material may be found. Next will follow a small portion or paraphrase, followed by my commentary. Not all of my commentary focuses directly on Bible parallels. Philosophical and spiritual concepts that I consider relevant for a more defined contrast to the scope and influence of the Bible have also been included.

Part 2: Sage Viswamitra

‘What is whole, this is whole; what has come out of the whole is also whole. When the whole is taken out of the whole, the whole still remains whole.’

Comment: The idea that even a portion of God is equal to God, or Microcosm equals Macrocosm. This is a lot like the concept of the three-dimensional hologram, where even a small fraction reveals the whole.

Sage Viswamitra was powerful enough that he started to create a second Brahma and a rival universe, until the gods prevailed upon him to stop.

Comment: How many other ancient religious texts clearly state the concept of alternate universes, and of their being manipulated by a mortal man, like this section does?

Part 3: Trisanku

The curse began to act and the next morning, Trisanku woke up a different person altogether, an untouchable, ugly of form, attired in dirty clothes.

Comment: King Trisanku, who loves his physical body so much he wishes to ascend to Heaven in it, and he is cursed for his vanity. The idea of the transference of the soul consciousness from one living being to another, or of multiple souls embodied in the same flesh, has popped up regularly, and so far unexplainably, in my own fiction.

A miracle followed. To the astonishment of those assembled, Trisanku in his chandala body rose heavenward.

Comment: After a struggle with the gods, Viswamitra succeeds in ascending Trisanku. At the behest of the threatened gods, he creates a new starry horizon, new Devas, or gods and new Indras, or rulers or warriors. In other words, he created a new reality. Note the similarity between Trisanku rising into Heaven in his physical body, to Jesus doing likewise shortly after his resurrection.

Part 6. Sita

King Janaka is worthy enough to be the father of Sita, who is to marry Vishnu who has come to Earth in human form. As a field is being cleared, Sita is found in the shrubs, and raised by the king.

Comment: Reminiscent of Moses being found in the reeds of the Nile River.

Part 16: Storm And Calm

When the great prince Rama is wrongfully banished, his younger brother Lakshmana vows to refuse their father’s wishes and to take over the kingdom. In attempting to pacify him, Rama tells him ‘Lakshmana, are you not my other self, my very soul in another body?’ Although they do not know it, Rama is the incarnation of the god Vishnu, and the princess he is set to marry, Sita, is an incarnation of the goddess Lakshmi.

Comment: A profound wisdom of spirituality is expressed here, with the concept that 1. A soul can inhabit more than one body, and 2. A soul can do this simultaneously.

28. Bharata becomes Rama’s Deputy

Bharata, who was through trickery tasked with being king over the kingdom that by all rights should have been given over to Rama, seeks his brother in the forest. When Rama names Bharata as his deputy, and asks him to govern the kingdom in his stead, the two are said to have ‘shone like two suns.’

Comment: This moment of glory being compared to the glow of the sun is reminiscent of the Roman sun god Apollo, and of the tendency to crown Biblical figures, most prominently Jesus, in glowing halos.

29. Viradha’s End

The last wish of the holy man Sarabhanga is to see Rama with his own eyes. Once he has done this, he kindled a fire and stepped into it. His old body burned, and a youthful, ethereal form emerged from the flames and rose up to heaven.

Comment: Somewhat parallels the ascension of Jesus, shortly after his resurrection. Also relevant are the symbols of the young of the dung beetle emerging from the ball of dung, which the Egyptians interpreted as the resurrection of the sun god Ra. This concept is also seen in modern times as the image of a phoenix rising from its own ashes.

34. The Path Of Ruin

Rama’s enemy, the Rakshasa King Ravana, sets out on a chariot driven by mules with demonic faces.

Compare with Norse mythology, where Thor’s chariot is driven by goats, and Frey’s chariot is driven by a great boar.

35. The Golden Stag

King Ravana’s chariot is said to have the ability to fly over cities, rivers, mountains and kingdoms. Ravana captures Sita, forces her into his airborne car, and flies into the sky. The old King Jatayu observes Ravana’s flight, and challenges him to a battle. They fought in the sky above the forest, with Ravana attacking Jatayu with darts and serpent-like missiles. Jatayu fights courageously, as a great eagle, but eventually Ravana slays him. As Ravana flew into the sky with Sita in his clutches, Sita appeared as a flash of lightning. Ravana appeared as a mountain covered in forest fire. Thanks to Sita’s flash, Ravana coursed through the sky like a comet. The sun grew dim and the earth grew dark.

Comment: This seems to be describing some sort of cosmic event, and the first impression is the obvious one, that this is indeed a comet being witnessed from the ground. The story elements may have been woven around this incident.

37. Closely Guarded

In attempting to seduce Sita, King Ravana mentions a Pushpaka vimana, capable of floating about the world for their pleasure. After Sita refuses Ravana, the king sends her to the Garden of Asoka. This garden is described as being full of flowers and fruits, with beautiful birds playing among them. Although the exact means are not revealed, the king orders his attendants to ‘skillfully use fear and temptation to bring her to her senses.’

Comment: Parallels with the Bible description of the Garden of Eden, the wonders found therein, and the temptation of Eve.

38. Rama Disconsolate

Towards the end of this section, there is a declaration that each of us is beloved of the Lord. If for any reason we are swept from the right path, He suffers like a lover who has lost his love.

Comment: Compare with the Biblical account of the man who had many sheep, but was overcome with worry when one of them went missing, and also with the account of the Prodigal Son.

39. A Second Father Dies

As it turns out, Jatayu is not slain (see section 35), but has been lying there on the ground and near death all this time. When Rama and Lakshmana find him, he tells the brothers of his encounter with King Ravana. Jatayu describes the battle as being between age and youth, his beak and talons against keen weapons and panoply of steel, or armor.

Comment: The impression I get here is of an old world dying, and a new one emerging, or of nature versus technology, with tech gaining the upper hand.

47. Son Of Vayu

The Wind-God Vayu sees and falls in love with the maiden Anjana. He embraces her as a lover, and she becomes angry. Vayu tells her that his touch has not tainted her, and that she remains of virgin purity. Instead of touching her with his body, Vayu has touched her with his heart, and the result is that Anjana becomes pregnant with Hanuman.

Comment: Obviously, the Bible parallel of the birth of Jesus, where the Holy Spirit is said to impregnate Mary, yet she still remains a maiden, or a virgin. Hanuman is also described as having great strength and other powerful attributes, as this is reminiscent of the later myth of Herakles / Hercules, who is also born of a godly father and an earthly mother. Curiously, Hanuman uses his great strength to grow larger, and with a fantastic flex of his legs, he leaps or flies across an entire ocean. As he becomes airborne, trees are uprooted and follow in his wake. The concept of monumental force and velocity, and the dragging of stationary objects as a result, seems more scientific than fable, and I cannot think of how one would come to this realization through the simple means of concocting a story. As Hanuman travels through the sky, he is compared to a comet, as Ravana is in part 35.

48. The Search In Lanka

In the guise of a small monkey, Hanuman enters Ravana’s city and looks for Sita. He is impressed with Ravana’s army, which is multi-national in that it has soldiers who are of fair, brown and black complexion, and who carry a variety of weapons. 

Comment: As far as I can recall, every other ancient mythology includes characters exclusively, or near exclusively, of their own race. It feels odd that King Ravana had soldiers of various nationalities.

52. Sita Comforted

Hanuman finds Sita, and tells her that Rama will soon be coming to rescue her. He has taken the shape of a monkey, and he is seen to shine like a radiant sun as Sita discerns that he is telling her the truth. Also, Hanuman states that his foot is already on Ravana’s head. This is taken to mean something along the lines of Ravana’s days being numbered.

Comment: There is the obvious parallel to the Biblical story of enmity being put between the serpent in the Garden of Eden, and the seed of woman. Genesis 3:19; It shalt bruise thy head, and thou shall bruise his heel. Most likely, this is an ancient colloquial slang term, sort of like the similar term ‘lick the dust from my feet’ can be compared with the modern phrase ‘kiss my ass.’

56. Hanuman Bound

After a fierce battle with Indrajit, Hanuman is temporarily rendered helpless. The Rakshasa bind him with rope and jute, and drag him through the streets and to Ravana’s palace. Along the way they beat and insult him. Even the women and children come out to do this.

Comment: Reminiscent of Jesus being dragged through the streets just before he is crucified.

75. The End

‘If one keeps in one’s heart (Rama) and meditates on him with reverence, one’s sins shall burn up like chaff in fire.’ Quote from Sri Sankara

‘Believe in me as the sole refuge, cast aside all doubt and come unto me. I shall save you from all sins.’ Quote from the Gita

Comment: Very similar to words spoken about the Biblical Jesus.

76. Epilogue

Rama is compared to the Supreme Being, while Sita is compared to the feminine side of the Supreme Being, or the Supreme Mother.

Comment: These supreme male and female god figures can be found in a number of other belief systems and religions.

Closing comments: This version of the Ramayana is a little too simplified and overly moralistic, and the translator admits this was done deliberately, to allow even a child to read it and understand it. I chose this particular version precisely because of the writing style, and also because of the various Indian holy books I have acquired, this was the shortest and would serve as an introduction for the longer works.
My opinion is that this is a book of adventure stories with strong ethical lessons, and deep insights into what makes us honorable and dishonorable. In no means is anything in this book meant to be taken literally, as exaggeration and sensationalism abound throughout its pages. These are simply fables reflecting the human character in its various forms.
As for gaining more information into the Vimanas or any other astrological or historical details, the mentions of these are too limited and vague to be of any use.

Here is what is relevant to my quest for wisdom: Many of the myths of the Hebrew people, that led to the creation of the Old Testament of the Bible, were formed at about the same time as the myths of the Indians. This is roughly between 900 BCE and 400 BCE, and across a flourishing trade community that ranged from the Far East and all the way to the western edge of Europe. There are many parallels between the Ramayana and the Bible, as there should be, since both mythologies developed hand in hand and borrowed from one another extensively.
I may read a more original version of the Ramayana at a later date, once I have taken in some of the other ancient Vedic writings. Until then, my opinion is that either there was much lost in Rajagopalachari’s translation, or perhaps there wasn’t much substance there to begin with.
Still, it was entertaining in its own clever ways. 4 stars out of 5, for action, adventure and fantasy.


Excerpts From Samaragana Sutradhara

Inside one must put the mercury engine with its iron heating apparatus underneath. By means of the power latent in the mercury that set the driving whirlwind in motion, a man sitting inside may travel a great distance in the sky.

Four strong mercury containers must be built into the interior structure. When those have been heated by controlled fire from iron containers, the Vimana develops thunder-power through the mercury. At once it becomes like a pearl in the sky.

(William Clendenon’s translation, from his book Mercury, UFO Messenger From The Gods, 1990)


Israel

My Name Is Legion

This oddity was brought to my attention in the book Aliens: The Anthropology Of Science Fiction, in an article written by Clayton Koelb. The verses are from The New King James Version of the Bible.

(The Book Of Mark, Chapter 5; Verse 1) Then they came to the other side of the sea, to the country of the Gadarenes. (2) And when He had come out of the boat, immediately there met Him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit, (3) who had his dwelling among the tombs; and no one could bind him, not even with chains, (4) because he had often been bound with shackles and chains. And the chains had been pulled apart by him, and the shackles broken in pieces; neither could anyone tame him.
(5) And always, night and day, he was in the mountains and in the tombs, crying out and cutting himself with stones. (6) When he saw Jesus from afar, he ran and worshiped Him. (7) And he cried out with a loud voice and said, “What have I to do with You, Jesus, Son of the Most High God? I implore You by God that You do not torment me.”
(8) For He said to him, “Come out of the man, unclean spirit!” (9) Then He asked him, “What is your name?”
And he answered, saying, “My name is Legion; for we are many.” (10) Also he begged Him earnestly that He would not send them out of the country.
(11) Now a large herd of swine was feeding there near the mountains. (12) So all the demons begged Him, saying, “Send us to the swine, that we may enter them.”
(13) And at once Jesus gave them permission. Then the unclean spirits went out and entered the swine (there were about two thousand); and the herd ran violently down the steep place into the sea, and drowned in the sea. (14) So those who fed the swine fled, and they told it in the city and in the country.

Now, let us focus on verses 8 through 13. First, the definition of the word Legion, when used as a noun. Notice that the first three meanings are military terms. The idea of Legion meaning many people (civilians) or many things is a modern one.

Legion (noun) 1. In ancient Rome, an army division of 3,000 to 6,000 soldiers, including cavalry. 2. A large military unit, especially an army. 3. An association of ex-servicemen and ex-servicewomen. 4. A large number of people or things.

According to Koelb, the spirit possessing the man, and not the man himself, gives the answer “My name is Legion.” The word Legion comes from the Hellenistic Legeon and the Latin Legio, both of which refer to a Roman Legion occupying a foreign territory, which just happens to be in the time frame of the New Testament. What a coincidence! Jesus, who represents the Jewish state of Israel, goes on to expel the 2,000 demons out of the man, and where do they immediately go? They leave the man and enter into a herd of pigs. Pigs, as you might know, are the filthiest animals in Jewish tradition, and the Jews, with their lands being occupied by the Romans, understandably have a very low opinion of Romans soldiers. Wow, another coincidence! And where do the pigs go immediately after becoming possessed? Well, they all jump off a cliff and drown in the sea. So, in essence, Jesus is metaphorically telling the Romans to go take a flying leap and die!
There are three theories here. 1. Jesus did not exist, and this entire account is double-speak to give the Jews a way to stick it to their enemies without being direct, because the majority of Israeli Jews are even today pretty cruel and vindictive. 2. Jesus did exist, and the Jews manipulated the original story to suit their needs. 3. Jesus did exist, and through a miracle, the story played out in such a way that the metaphor and the actual account match perfectly.
Like the saying goes, once you eliminate the improbable, all you have left is the answer. Personally, I’m going with theories 1 and 2, because 3 is way too convenient. Therefore, I’m calling Bullshit on this event happening the way it’s been written down in the Bible.


Reading (And Viewing) List

(Also, see my blog Verum Et Inventa, for countless other articles and videos relevant to numerous subjects in the RITA series.)

Books And Articles, Non-fiction:
A Critical Study Of The Work ‘Vymanika Shastra’ - an article by H. S. Mukunda and others, Indian Institute of Science, from Scientific Opinion, 1974 (4 stars)
Comment: This article refutes the Vaimanika Shastra’s purported ancient origin, as well as refuting the aero dynamics, material properties and power sources for the engines described.

Aero Mechanics In Ancient Aircraft - an article by A. B. Sibi Varghese, International Journal of Scientific and Engineering Research, Vol. 4 Iss. 5, May, 2013 (5 stars)
Comment: Excellent descriptions focusing on the practical dynamics of Vimana craft.

Aliens - The Anthropology Of Science Fiction - George Slusser and Erik Rabkin (3 stars)
Comment: This is a collection of semi-related articles, basically comparing how alien attributes in science fiction are more or less human attributes that we don’t like about ourselves. Some articles were good. Some were not.

Battles Lost And Won, Great Campaigns Of World War II - Hanson Baldwin (4 stars)
Comment: This is a heavyweight at over 500 pages, and it describes in fairly minute detail some of the greatest engagements of the Second World War. The author does attempt to keep the subject fresh, but it tends to become a tedious description of which army was positioned where, what their objectives were, and what their leaders were saying. There are tidbits of what the soldiers on the various sides were going through, and conjecture or second-guessing of what might have happened had the armies done this or that, instead of what they actually did. By reading it at a pace of 2 to 8 pages per day, I managed to get through this massive tome without getting too fed up with it.

Discovering The Mysteries Of Ancient America - Frank Joseph (5 stars)
Comment: This is a collection of articles regarding the ignored or outright hidden history of North America, as published in the magazine Ancient American. You already know you’re being lied to; here is some of the material they’re trying to keep you from finding out.

Earth’s Forbidden Secrets 1 - Maxwell Igan (5 stars)
Ancient unexplainable artifacts and the roots of mythology, with speculation into the origins of our present star system, into the beginnings of man, and into who man really is. If you’ve never heard of OOPARTS, or Out Of Place Artifacts, this is a good place to start.

Hell In The Pacific - A Marine Rifleman’s Journey from Guadalcanal to Peleliu by Jim McEnery (5 stars)
Comment: Excellent point of view novel depicting WWII action as it happened.

Hidden History Of The Human Race - Michael Cremo (3 stars)
Comment: This is a condensed version of Cremo’s book Forbidden Archeology, and it discusses findings that refute the Theory of Evolution, as well as the personalities and machinations these people used to cover up those findings. There is a wealth of information here that is being deliberately kept from our educational system, and the public in general, but even though this is slated as a more ‘readable’ version, it gets too bogged down with details and at times was a chore to read.

Light Infantry Tactics For Small Teams - Christopher Larsen (5 stars)
Comment: Excellent resource for field maneuvers in fire team or squad formations.

Marine Corps Martial Arts Program - USMC (5 stars)
Comment: Official training manual. MCRP 3-02B. How to kick ass like a Marine!

Native American Prophecy - author unknown (5 stars)
This is a ten page article I downloaded from the internet, but unfortunately I can’t recall where I got it from, or even if it is still available. I’ll credit the original author when I manage to track it down. The article centers on Native American dreams and prophecies from the late 1800s to the late 1900s, and includes various forebodings such as the arrival of the white man in North America, and the fate of the United States should the white man not halt his destruction of natural resources, and insist on the development of nuclear weapons.

Operational Rations Of The Department Of Defense - US Army, RDECOM (4 stars)
This was actually a neat read. Not only did this detail the origins of prepackaged meals for US soldiers, but it went into daily nutritional requirements, meals designed for specific missions or environments, and a comprehensive listing of what’s available.

Ringmakers Of Saturn - Norman Bergrun (3 stars)
Comment: Author Bergrun tries very hard to convince the reader of giant spaceships creating the rings of Saturn through electromagnetic means. This book is fairly dry and the evidence, in my opinion, leaves much open to interpretation. From studying the origins of all religions, I can tell you that Saturn is of epic importance, as in being seen as the father of all gods in all mythologies, and NASA has in fact lied or smudged out pictures of every single planet and moon it’s ever set its astronauts or devices on. Still, I don’t like that there is very little in the way of corroboration for this man’s findings.

The Chaldean Account Of Genesis - George Smith (5 stars)
Comment: First published in 1876, this details the mythology of ancient Babylonia as deciphered by archeologist Smith, who painstakingly gathered and translated thousands of fragments from an ancient Assyrian library. Most notable are several myths that run parallel to and predate the modern Bible.

The Origins Of the American Military Coup of 2012 - Charles Dunlap (3 stars)
Comment: This was originally written in 1992, by a man who later rose to the rank of Lt. Colonel in the US Air Force. At the time the paper was written, Dunlap was a student in National War College, and the paper extrapolates events that could have possibly led to the United States being taken over by internal military forces in 2012.

The Secret In The Bible - Tony Bushby (3 stars)
Author Bushby has very, very interesting speculation regarding the hidden history of the pyramids and the precise sequence of words in the original Hebrew Bible. Unfortunately, the author insists on teasing the reader over and over, from beginning to end, that the information, the Secret in the Bible, will be revealed sooner or later. In the end, he never gives a good, solid summary on his findings and its spiritual implications in modern times. The reader has to infer it from the evidence presented, but unfortunately, that deliberate teasing for nearly 350 pages just doesn’t result in a conclusion with sufficient impact.

The Supernatural - Psychic Voyages - Stuart Holroyd (4 stars)
Comment: This book is part of a series by Danbury Press, and it has numerous (140 pages worth) accounts of Out Of Body Experiences, Near Death Experiences, Reincarnation and Astral Projection. It goes into much detail about who experienced what, and when things took place, as well as the various projects and research people involved, but unfortunately, it only skims over some of the more important parts, such as what was revealed by higher beings to people when in these other dimensions or altered states.

Utmost Savagery - The Three Days Of Tarawa - Col. Joseph Alexander (5 stars)
Comment: A comprehensive account of the Marine Corps amphibious assault on the heavily fortified and Japanese held tiny Betio Island, Tarawa Atoll, where upwards of 6,000 combatants died. The narrative includes detailed descriptions from the planning stages, to the many tales of heroism and the tragedies that occurred during the actual assault, to the way it was perceived by the American public, and even included are glimpses of what the Japanese defenders were going through from their own testimony.

Vimanas - Ancient Flying Saucers of Atlantis and Lemuria - an article / short e-book by Mary Sutherland, 2010 (3 stars)
Comment: Lots of general information here; from various ancient and purportedly ancient sources. More like an overview than anything specific.

Books And Articles, Fiction:
Empire Of Man 1 - March Upcountry - David Weber and John Ringo (5 stars)
Comment: Marines marching through an alien planet. This book really put things into perspective for me, and showed me what I would have to do to reach the next level as a writer, especially in the military science fiction subgenre.

Empire Of Man 2 - March To The Sea - David Weber and John Ringo (4 stars)
Comment: Lots of marching, but the authors manage to keep the situations fairly fresh and the action always just a page or two away.

Empire Of Man 3 - March To The Stars - David Weber and John Ringo (4 stars)
Comment: Just when the plot starts losing its steam, the authors inject something new and invigorating. In this case, it’s giant fish, pirates, and a war with an advanced cannibalistic society.

Empire Of Man 4 - We Few - David Weber and John Ringo (4 stars)
Comment: The idea of engaging in a coup attempt while using a restaurant as a cover didn’t exactly enthuse me, but as they’d done in previous books in the series, the authors managed to throw in enough curve balls to keep me guessing and entertained. There is one rather tedious scene toward the end of the novel, where the Empire of Man’s space armada splits up and battles with itself, but Prince Roger, finally, is off the planet Marduk, and will attempt to return his mother to her position as Empress of the Empire.

Ramayana - as interpreted by C. Rajagopalachari (4 stars)
Comment: I was hoping to get historical, astronomical, or some other type of insight into ancient India when I started reading this book. What I got instead was a book of fantastic adventures with lots of moral lessons in between. Once I realized this book was entirely fantasy fiction, the rest of it turned out to be a good read.

Star System Generator - Larry Moore (5 stars)
Comment: I used this manual to produce most of the statistics for the various worlds in the RITA series. This manual is relatively simple to understand and use.

Starship Troopers - Robert Heinlein (2 stars)
Comment: This is supposed to be the classic, defining novel for the military sci-fi genre? This was said to be so good that it was put on the recommended reading list for the military? I’m sorry, but no. At no moment did I feel any sympathy for the main character, and I really, really wasn’t trying to compare the novel to the corny (but lovable) pop movie. Director Verhoeven reportedly couldn’t get past the first couple of chapters when he was reading the novel, and I can’t blame him. One long and crappy recruit training segment is followed by, guess what, a long and crappy officer training segment, sandwiched in between action scenes that are largely meaningless. There is no real story here, it’s mostly just filler with a pro-war slant.

The Forever War 01 - The Forever War - Joe Haldeman (3 stars)
Comment: After the success of Heinlein’s Starship Trooper, Haldeman decided to toss his hat into the ring and write a military sci-fi novel with an anti-war perspective. Yes, Mr. Haldeman, war is pointless, but so is your novel. You only wrote it to bicker with Heinlein! Why does this book, and Heinlein’s Trooper book, keep appearing in top ten lists for the military sci-fi genre? There is an on and off romance here, so that was a glimmer of story, but the idea that space soldiers are out digging bases on nowhere planets, and that the alien enemy will go out of their way to attack or be attacked on these very same planets, is just stupid. There are some decent parts in this novel, but too much liberal garbage, such as the blatant promotion of homosexuality, and the idea that the same war could still be going on in space, when it’s really been over for millennia.

Thiaoouba Prophecy - Michel Desmarquet (4 stars)
Comment: This book claims to be a factual account of a Frenchman from Australia being taken into space by hermaphrodite aliens. It is entertaining and thought provoking, but there isn’t much to verify it to be a true story. A lucid dream, perhaps?

Time Odyssey 1 - Time’s Eye - Arthur C. Clarke and Stephen Baxter (5 stars)
Comment: Travelers from the near future are transported onto an alternate Earth that contains segmented regions from various historical timelines, including Alexander the Great and his armies, and Genghis Khan and his armies. This was an awesome read.

Time Odyssey 2 - Sunstorm - Arthur C. Clarke and Stephen Baxter (3 stars)
Comment: After being absorbed by the action and historical aspects of the first book, I was very disappointed by this sequel. Most of this book centers on all of humanity uniting to produce a giant shield to set before the Earth in an effort to ward off an attack from space. Really dry, really boring stuff.

Time Odyssey 3 - Firstborn - Arthur C. Clarke and Stephen Baxter (3 stars)
Comment: Three books in, and you might be expecting some answers as to why the alternate Earth got fragmented in the first place, or as to why our present timeline wasn’t disrupted despite this, or at least a satisfying explanation for the strange Eye-thingies that seem to be watching and recording everything. Nope. All we get is our heroine making a long and drawn out escape from Earth, going back to the alternate Earth to watch the inhabitants piece things together, and a cliffhanger ending that left me just as in the dark as I was after reading the first book.

World Generation - Tyge Sjostrand (4 stars)
Comment: I used this manual to produce a few of the statistics for the worlds in the RITA series. It’s a great manual if you have a good understanding of mathematics, but most of it was just too complex for my needs (and my brain!).

Documentaries:
Commandos - On The Front Line (20??) - (5 stars)
Comment: This is an eight part documentary series produced by the BBC, and gives us a candid look at basic training for the elite British Royal Marines. This series starts from day one of a 32-week, intense and grueling boot camp, where 50 fresh recruits are culled down to only nine original graduates. Also included is some of the training endured by an officer who at the end is given the responsibility of commanding two of those graduates at the series’ conclusion.

Our War Series (2011, 2012) - (5 stars)
Comment: This is another outstanding series by the BBC, documenting the trials and tribulations of UK troops in Afghanistan. Much of the footage was acquired from the soldiers on the ground, with the cameras they took with them on their tour. The producers did very well in capturing the emotional toll after the loss of a soldier, both from the viewpoint of the combat troops, and their families back home as well.

The Battle For Marjah (2010?) - (5 stars)
Comment: This documentary details the experiences of a company of Marines as they attempt to uproot a Taliban stronghold in Afghanistan. The most troubling aspect of this presentation took place near the conclusion, when, after the Marines had gone through much trouble in securing this city, many of its residents opinioned that they were better off with the Taliban.

The Marines (2007) - (4 stars)
Comment: Produced by PBS, this documentary gives a general overview of recruit training, officer training, and a brief the history of the USMC. It was a very good presentation, but the emphasis was more on modern training methods than it was on the Marine Corps’ proud history, and as such Today’s Marines, or Modern Marines would have been a better choice for the title.

The Ringmakers Of Saturn (?) - (2 stars)
Comment: I watched this presentation after reading the book, and I was very disappointed with it. Author Bergrun has aged considerably since he first put forth his hypothesis that otherworldly intelligences are creating the rings of Saturn. He rambles on a lot, and he doesn’t have anything new to add after all that time, except an ambiguous picture of clouds from the 1940s. The man is well qualified, but he just doesn’t come across well, and this presentation is drier than the book was.

Movies:
Alien Versus Predator (2004) - Starring Sanna Lathan (1 star)
Comment: Same plot as the other Predator movies. Shifting pyramid FAIL. Historical background FAIL. One hundred year hunter cycle FAIL. Predators leaving weapons in pyramid FAIL. Female heroine FAIL. Dominant / submissive scene between predator and heroine near end, SUPER FAIL.

Alien Versus Predator Requiem (2007) - Starring Steven Pasquale (2 stars)
Comment: Plot reminiscent of zombie movies. Low light / darkness FAIL. Even the daytime was dark! National Guard with advanced weaponry went down way too fast, so FAIL. Most of the likable characters got killed right away. No clear heroic lead.

Cloverfield (2008) - Starring Lizzy Caplan (5 stars)
Comment: Intense action sequences, realistic situations, believable characters. Big Win.

Jarheads (2006) - Starring Jake Gyllenhaal (5 stars)
Comment: Excellent portrayal of the human drama that takes place behind the scenes in combat and near-combat situations.

Predator (1987) Starring Arnold Schwarzenegger (5 stars)
Comment: Good action, music and cast, lots of action. Excellent all-around action flick.

Predator 2 (1990) Starring Danny Glover (2 stars)
Comment: Same plot and music as original, cast not so good. Slaughterhouse scene was the same as in Aliens movie. Lacking originality. Lead character too petulant and whiny for me to care about him.

Rambo (2007) Starring Sylvester Stallone (5 stars)
Comment: Brutal and intense, this movie perfectly captures the feel of the original movie in the series; First Blood.

Saving Private Ryan (1998) Starring Tom Hanks (5 stars)
Comment: Incredible action sequences dominate this movie, interspersed with steady, believable acting from several of the actors. It’s seamless and fluid, and all around, I haven’t seen a better war movie than this in a long, long time.

Tears Of The Sun (2003) - Starring Bruce Willis (1 star)
Comment: The cover blurb reads: The best military thriller since Black Hawk Down. That’s why I bought it. What I actually saw was garbage, as this movie is rife with procedural errors. I’ll give you just one example. I was scolded harshly by readers, some of who were Marines, due to a scene in Non-Retrieval where Renquist’s squad is singing cadence while on an alien world. This same thing is done in this movie twice, where the locals are singing in the jungle, while Willis’ squad is at the same time trying to listen for the sounds of the guerrillas trying to hunt them down, and over the sound of the singing. Tactically, this movie is bullshit. Don’t watch it.

Terminator: Salvation (2009) Starring Christian Bale (1 star)
Comment: Hollywood scriptwriters suck. Of all the possible scenarios they could have come up with, and total war would have been the most satisfying for my purposes, they chose the lame, old strategy of convincing themselves, because they sure didn’t convince me, that a robot was a man. This was much better done in the Artificial Intelligence movie, and even then the concept was stupid, because artificial and natural will always be two different things. This new Terminator franchise could have been epic, like the Matrix or Star Wars series, but instead we get scared humans hiding in cracks and crevices like roaches. Eat me, Hollywood.

The Last Starfighter (1984) Starring Lance Guest (4 stars)
Comment: Good campy fun. Goofy movie, really, but decent for a B-type movie.

We Were Soldiers (2002) Starring Mel Gibson (5 stars)
Comment: Another great movie in the vein of Saving Private Ryan, this one centering on the Drang Valley in Northern Vietnam. While there is plenty of war action, and very little actual plot, there are frequent intervals where the human emotional toll is examined, both at the battlefield and through the wives of the soldiers back home. Highly recommended.


#####

About the author: Raymond M. Towers is of Mexican-American descent, although the term Chicano describes him much more accurately. He was born in 1970 in San Diego, California, and from an early age showed an interest in becoming a great storyteller. In fact, he was drawing and distributing his own crude comic books using pencil and blank paper, as far back as the fourth grade.
Alas, life happens, and due to both circumstance and procrastination, Raymond set his ambitions on the back burner for many years. While he did enjoy mild success in his submissions to literary markets, he felt he could improve his talents considerably by concentrating more fully on his writing, and for over a decade now, he has made every effort to produce a polished and complete product. The author is now ready to share his visions with the world.

If you’ve enjoyed reading this story, please take a moment to jot down a quick review of this title. Not only will this help in getting the word out about the author, but it might bring you good karma as well. Thank you for your support.

#####

Here is the complete catalog of ebooks written by Raymond Towers. More information on these titles can be found at RaymondTowers.com.

The Chaos Rift Universe: 
A Terrible Thing To Waste
The Black Cellar
The Weeping Thing

Before The Seven Series
Don Diego Meets Lucky Luis
Scary Peter

Dobrynia’s Path Series
Dark Harbinger
Ragnarok

The Zombie Seven Series
Hell’s Gate, And Beyond

Erotica:
Lovers From Beyond

SCS Space Relations Series
Maiden Voyage

The Girl Next Door Series
Meet Marie
Meet Sandy

The House Of Robles Series
Carnal Introductions
Further Seductions

Fantasy:
Inspired By M.C.
Raymund and Natalie’s Grand Adventure
The Two Sides Of Humburg

Horror:
Demonic Murmurs
Monster Mayhem
Two Bedroom Cottage For Rent
Thorns - True Tales of the Weird.

Science Fiction:
Apocalypse Now!
Variant Worlds

Roaches In The Attic Series
First Contact 
RITA Handbook
Non-Retrieval - original version

