 

















On Sondranos, stripped of both title and life, I became Leon Bishop. 
I should have toured the great Spire, nearly catatonic from wonder and amazement; or maybe I could have danced in the rain trickling down the causeway. 
Instead, I smell ash searing the wind, the heat-burn scent of sheared Aurichrome and pavement. And a hundred years from now you’ll find diamonds of blood belonging to a nearly extinct species littering the soil, blood which I helped and found cause to spill. 








Sondranos:
The Narrative of Leon Bishop





a novel by
Patrick J Stephens



JULY 2014





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events 
and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination 
or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, 
living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Cover Illustration by Peridot Media
Cover design by Peridot Media, 
Book design and production by Patrick J Stephens 
Editing by Lianna Palkovick

This book is released under a Creative Commons license. 
This book or any portion thereof may be reproduced and used in any 
manner whatsoever provided proper attribution to the author is given. 

Printed in the United States of America
First Printing July 2014

Any concerns, permission, or compliance issues may be sent to:
Patrick.Stephens42@gmail.com 









for J















Chapter One:
The Rationalization of Running


Sprint when you have to, but never stop. 
If you want to avoid all aspects of the life you’ve left behind, then the finish line’ll be wherever you can get to the fastest without seeing where you started. As for me, I put sixteen colony worlds, forty-nine billion kilometres, and a couple hundred inhospitable wastelands between me and Earth before blowing the whistle and ending the great race to the end.  
My last act on Earth was setting up a passport account with Sondranos United. 
From the aerobridge, I paused, looking at the holographic prompt from SU on my mobile: 
Would you like to proceed?
I hung my finger over the icon to cancel the allocation. Five thousand in international currency would be enough, but that dense of a transaction required identity theft tracking. Meaning I’d effectively nix the ‘hide’ out of ‘run and hide.’ 
From the bridge, fuel pumps disconnected from my shuttle like eels slithering back into transport compartments, dripping petro-fuel in little anti-freeze coloured pools. Two men in flame retardant uniforms inspected the exterior hull and a third gave a thumbs-up to someone out of sight – likely the pilots – who were obscured from my vision by the steel causeway meant to connect me to the shuttle that would soon dock with the Korsikov, a star-liner bound for the borderlands. 
When I’d bought the transit pass, I’d scanned for the destinations that occurred only once in the travel list. ‘Sondranos’ via the Korsikov was the earliest, cheapest flight. It was also the last one for weeks. Had I found a cheap flight to the new Ilosan regiment, or one of the Jameson Realty company liners, I would have taken one of them. Anywhere but the Munich colonies – they had at least half a dozen shuttles coming to and fro at any given time, meaning easy retrieval if Daniel decided to call the authorities. Since we’d gone on stellar flights before, the purchase wouldn’t be a red flag. 
Back to the prompt. 
Would you like to proceed?
Rule one of running: don’t allow yourself to be dependent on what you’ve left behind. 
Glasgow Trust and Sundry allowed transfer of a thousand credits a day if I wanted to remain inconspicuous; sending such a sum to the very distant Sondranos United would have gained even more attention. I’d already taken all the necessary steps, and it was just SU that needed confirmation. 
Rule two: work with what you’ve got. 
With the trace, a record would exist. 
The police would take a while to comb through it, and they would hold on to the information for a short while before releasing it to Daniel. It was a delay, but the message would get there. I flicked aside the prompt, affirming the transfer, and dropped five grand into the account, letting that serve as a goodbye letter and hoped my assumptions on time were correct. 
As I made my way down the aerobridge, I tossed the mobile into the nearest bin. I remember hearing a truck engine rumble to life, then getting drowned out by the growl of the shuttle spooling to life. 
I should have been thinking actively of Daniel, not treating him as a condition. 
We’d been together for five years. He deserved to know why I’d left, but when my thoughts drifted towards calling him and addressing our disintegrating relationship, the idea vanished, replaced with the memories of the last time I’d seen him and the last question we’d left on: how many times had I failed him? 
Not just him. What about: 
Julien, 
Roland, 
Karan, 
and a whole host of people I’d never been man enough to love? 
But in that is the answer. The greatest not-so-secret mankind has ever known. 
Why do we run? 
Because we live in a world where it’s always an option. 
Your family doesn’t approve of your fiancé?
Elope. 
You can’t stand living with your parents anymore, but there’s always a job on a cruise ship and status as an illegal immigrant to help you out. 
In South America, Edgar Wallace Industries is always looking for a few unskilled, under-the-table migrant workers. 
International Aeronautics was founded on the American Dream; even more so once they moved shop to Minsk. All it takes is the awareness of a few outlets and you can be gone. 
But why did I run? 
Well, Sondranos was another colony, another planet, another time and another place. 
It wasn’t home. 

Two weeks later, Sondranos soil crunched beneath my shoes. Since only eight of us were leaving the Korsikov, only the primary shuttle needed to be used. You’d be surprised how eight people can smell like a hundred when compressed, recycled air and a few first-time fliers are involved. 
I stepped off the transport and stretched my arms. We’d landed on a large patch of concrete three or four minutes from the terminal. The receiving building was only two stories high and sat like a rectangle fallen into the soil, partially concealed by a build-up of dirt on the west end. Pavement surrounded it like a moat and the outdoor baggage claim – shaded only by a green awning that spanned a space the size of a classroom – started to hum. Two attendants piled bags onto a conveyor belt that wound indoors to be scanned and back out to the transfer haul. 
The rest of the passengers made their way towards baggage claim in a crowd of shuffling feet and body odour. I staggered when a man who’d smelled of gin and limes the entire trip pushed past me at the door and skittered down the stairwell. He perked up the minute he hit the ground. Whatever he’d been dwelling on inside the cabin fled his features, widened up his eyes, and out of the shuttle walked a businessman who’d insisted the world should bend at his feet. I didn’t much like him for that. 
I had to squint past the sunlight and incredibly cerulean sky, but I didn’t have to scan far to catch sight of the city. From my spot, I couldn’t imagine Sondranos as the bustling city I’d heard of. We might as well have landed in a desert with the city as a mirage. The spires were so distant that they looked like needles trying to draw blood from the blue skin stretching across the crater’s edge. Aurichrome frameworks belonging to the tallest skyscrapers glistened under the sun while smaller hubs sat like bricks in their shadows. 
It would take two stops on the city’s metro system to get there, and then I’d find out just how hard it was to create a new life. 
I’d glossed through a few magazines on the state of Sondranos’ economy on the flight down. While Earth hadn’t changed much technologically since the inception of star travel, it made up for stagnation by expanding – leading to Sondranos. The mother planet, with around two million cities, evolved into over fifty planets with their own cities and colonies. Because of the expansion, Sondranos wasn’t considered a tourist destination and never had been; however, it still had plenty to offer by way of medical and job opportunities. Planets on the Borderlands – which is to say, the ones that took over two weeks by flight from Earth – had made a name through opportunities.  
On every brochure, pamphlet, and docket, Sondranos-proper was a cascade of numbers: population, businesses, buildings, factories. Yet, none of them would be tangible until I set foot inside the perimeter. 
The only thing I knew for certain – thanks to a short informational docket handed out on the Korsikov - was that the most of Sondranos was located within the only habitable crater on the planet’s face. It hulked like grotesque prison walls, a deep red near the horizon and a softer clay brown near where the sun had dried the soil. Nobody could survive outside the crater. That was the first time I felt like an idiot for running. I’d fled in the hopes of avoiding my life’s collapse and found myself in a self-imposed prison. 
Instead of moving forward, I walked back up the steps into the transport and leaned my head in through the cabin. The pilots were busy shutting down the engine systems and recycling the oxygen tanks on the back of the shuttle. 
“Excuse me.” I wiped a bead of sweat from my forehead. “Where’s the nearest gift shop”
The co-pilot turned to me after flipping a small red switch on the rear console. The GPS screen flickered off - first a holographic 3-D map floating above the main console, then nothing. He was a tall man whose moustache reminded me of the pompous men on Victorian book covers. “Depends on what you’re looking for. Shirts? Pants? Trousers? Postcards?” 
“Anything, everything.” 
“Did you bring cash or card?”
“Few bucks,” I said, remembering that my passport account wouldn’t be ready until I walked into Sondranos United and handed them three forms of identification. 
 “Try the Abbey. It’s a church, but they have a gift shop. Take all forms of cash.” The co-pilot stood and leaned out the door, pointing to a peeking sliver of a church hiding behind the terminal. “Just head towards the baggage claim. Turn left once you reach the exit and follow the path. Ask for Davion, he’s the Father there – he sometimes cuts guys like you some slack, sets up a tab for the ones who need it.”
“Guys like me?” 
“Yeah.” He tugged on his shirt and grimaced. It was the kind of look that reminded me how tattered and poor I must have looked after such a long and impromptu flight.   
I returned the smile and thanked the co-pilot for his help. I started out again. 
Within a few minutes of casual wandering, I’d rounded the baggage claim and started following the co-pilot’s instructions. The terminal was empty save for the few who’d come in on the same flight I’d taken. They waited in front of the carousel. Nobody could collect their bags until they’d gone through scans, but every now and then a neon coloured bag would come back around. One of the travellers would walk up to collect it like he or she’d won a contest. 
As I passed by, I imagined Daniel. He was standing beside me grinning and pointing at the carousel saying: ‘Congratulations, you’ve won your stuff!’ 
Psychological manifestation or not, it was still pretty creepy. 
Immediately past the terminal, the Abbey sprouted from a large patch of Montana grass that nipped at the edges of the stonework. My first thought was that it didn’t belong next to such an unfeeling, stark building as the terminal. It resembled a church I’d once seen in Dorset. Four thick buttresses introduced the façade; a doorway bearing two thick oak coloured doors told me to be careful of how close I came in that non-threatening way that gothic architecture achieves. 
I stopped at the doors. The framing looked like wood, but was hot to the touch. 
Smooth and glossy. 
Someone had taken Aurichrome minerals and mixed them with the steel, allowing it to be coloured like oak. I pulled open the doors and instantly felt the breath of cool, processed air rushing through the nave and past me. 
Cinnamon incense came next. A dozen pews on either side accompanied my walk down the centre of the Abbey. A small shop offering dozens of shirts and clothes marked by an emblem I didn’t recognize stood out, just like the co-pilot had said. 
 “May I help you?”
I jerked around, coming face to face with a priest. 
Black robes hung over his shoulders and masked the rest of his body. His eyes were wide and streaked with sleepless red. Wrinkles cracked the skin around his mouth and brow like firecrackers had exploded on his cheeks and left smudge refuse behind. His hair was grey and his skin was pale. 
“I’m looking for Davion,” I said. “I need something else to wear.”
He looked me up and down; his smile turned to a frown as he glanced from my shoes to the Korsikov 2303-D shirt I’d been wearing for the last week. 
He winked. “I think we may be able to help you out.” 
Davion extended his hand. His touch was gentle, not the kind of touch I would have expected from a middle-aged man like him. Most like to express their strength and superiority through handshakes, but not him. He didn’t need to show off or impress. The tang of incense clouded away from him. 
A loud crash rebounded off the walls from the other side of the Abbey. 
Davion jerked away. The contents of the left transept had been occupied by a display of candles laid out like tombstones across a table. A woman had knocked over a stool that had been holding a stack of hymnals and whispered with every muscle in her body at a young man in a white vimpa. Her arms tensed, her fists were clenched, and she lunged forward in small gasps of movement. The boy’s eyes darted to Davion. The woman caught the movement and – suddenly - responsibility had passed.  
“You!” she yelled. The accusation was palpable.  
My first impression of Melanie came quick and shallow. As she trundled down a pew and towards us, she held weight around her waist much like a balloon balances a small amount of water. When she stopped in front of us, she was breathless. A small paunch of fat jutted out from beneath her shirt as she raised her hands and rested them on her head. Her chest heaved as she gulped at the air, fighting off hyperventilation. Her voice echoed with the same power of a sermon. High blood pressure must have run in her family if she’d been so winded. 
 “Melanie, if you will please lower your voice, I’m sure we can discuss this in private.” Davion held hands up, palms out.
“Every time you’ve mentioned the word private, it’s always ended up with me in a room talking to myself!”
“Are you sure about that?” 
“Sounds like something a priest would say.” She closed her eyes and calmed herself.  Davion let his hands falter and offered a placating smile. 
He was about to step in her direction when a rumble shook the Abbey. 
It would have been easy to have confused it for a burst of thunder. 
How passive. With such a simple phrase, I tell you how Sondranos ended: 
While Melanie and the priest had begun to squabble, as a handful of tourists boarded an underground metro bound for the city, and as a couple of transport pilots finished their flight shut-down, Sondranos came to a shattered halt.   
Easily confused for a burst of thunder. 
“What the fuck was that?” Melanie spoke as if she knew something I couldn’t. Davion acted in tune with the secret, cocking his head to the side and listening carefully. When the sound died away, Melanie’s expression had changed to one of absolute confusion. She looked around with the same look of fear that Davion wore. I almost joked that she’d angered God, but my curiosity kept me silent. “That can’t be…”
“Quiet, Melanie,” Davion said.
 Another rumble shook the framework of the Abbey, causing dust to rain from the rafters and blanketing brown snowflakes on the rug. Davion’s eyes grew wide and locked onto Melanie’s. 
Before they could speak, the rumbling growl was replaced by a detonation that rattled the windows. 
The boy she’d been yelling at ran off to a room in the distance, calling for someone I would never get to know. All three of us moved quickly to the entrance. I reached the double doors first and pushed out; my eyes were drawn to the terminal. It seemed fine, still standing, and I nearly cursed myself for thinking of that option first. However, behind the terminal billowed a large cloud of black smoke. It climbed the air like it was trying to escape the fires that fuelled it. Something had destroyed the shuttle. 
Melanie emitted a short, sharp sound from beside me that drew my attention. She pushed away from my side and tiptoed in the direction of the city. Sondranos-proper, hulking in the distance like some great mirage, burned. Gone were the tall spires – the tallest one replaced by a cloud of smoke and dust. Some buildings still stood, but the shimmer of heat that made me think of the city as a mirage had been replaced with an orange glow that dwarfed the city in an auburn cloud licking at the sky.
Three flies caught my eye, scattering in the distance. It took a moment for my stunned brain to realize they were private transports. Davion placed a hand on my shoulder as we watched a small blue beam come from beyond the darkest point in the sky. It centred on each transport and shot them down\. The person shooting must not have even taken time to consider. The pods fell in meteorite-sized balls of flame. From flies to moths, I thought. My mind begged for fighter jets to scream into sight with defensive weapons locked. 
But what would they have aimed at?  
Part of me wanted to hear shouting, the sounds of sirens wailing, and the general noises of panic to prove that it was all real. Without them, I didn’t know what to think. Whoever did this knew there was no way off the planet or out of the crater; they knew exactly where to strike and could successfully do so from orbit. 
With the city still burning, Davion, Melanie and I watched as a large orb, a cacophonic mass of energy, descended into what was left of Sondranos-proper.
Understand that what I saw next only took a few seconds.
While I’d stopped just outside the façade of the Abbey, I felt like I was floating. My feet planted on the semi-solid patio gravel as if they’d rooted kilometres deep, but my body felt like it had taken to the sky. I was dizzy, unresponsive. ‘I shouldn’t be here,’ I thought. Then, callously, ‘not anymore.’ 
Melanie muttered something I didn’t hear while Davion remained silent. 
The orb tumbled and plummeted towards where the tallest spire in Sondranos had been reduced to smoke. For all we knew, it could have been a drop of light. Why not? More impossible things have happened. 
The light crumpled into itself as the dust engulfed it. 
I thought of a lighthouse disintegrating into the ocean. 
I blinked and could see the ghost image of Sondranos on my eyelids.
What followed was an implosion. The shockwave threw us against the doorway like a kick to the chest. I couldn’t breathe. During this, the ground trembled but, to the best of my memory, it wasn’t loud. It sounded like pebbles rolling down a hill, all muffled my an intense and red-hot ringing in my ears and behind my eyes. At the same time, the stained-glass windows in the Abbey erupted into shards, raining glass on the transepts and throughout the nave. Their sound was nothing more than a twittering of birdsong in the back of my mind. 
Then, silence. 
We all struggled to stand together, helping each other up, ignoring the soreness in our bodies. Within a blink, there were no more fires in Sondranos. All that remained of Sondranos was a cloud of grey stretching over the sky and dust as far as the eye could see. My eyes burned and my entire body threatened to collapse. But I couldn’t stop staring. 
Again, I wished it was thunder.  

I’ve been told, as part of the therapy I’m being asked to undergo, that life doesn’t flash before your eyes when you face death. You simply remember what you should. Those memories will drive you to survive or allow you to accept death. When I eventually die, the destruction of Sondranos will be one of those memories. Because of it, I’ll know if I’ve earned my death.  

Davion pulled me into the façade by the sleeve of my shirt after coaxing Melanie inside. We shuffled blindly forward. He stopped me next to a pew just shy of Melanie. The sight of Sondranos vaporizing before us had burned a hollow, empty appearance into our features. 
Davion returned to Melanie, whose eyes tuned to static. 
She clung to a buttress as she nudged away a smattering of ruby coloured glass with the toes of her shoes. ‘Get it away’ and ‘That didn’t happen’, those nudges implied. 
“Are you hurt?” Davion asked.
She responded with blank silence. 
His eyes jumped around the nave looking for something – most likely he was looking for anyone else in the Abbey when the windows shattered. The young man had thankfully escaped, but to what I’d never know. I could sense there was something more from Davion. It seemed like he expected something to walk in and fix everything. 
He then turned to me. “There’s a door through the gift shop which leads to the chapter house. Just beyond that is the entrance to the cellar – take Melanie.” 
He didn’t wait for a response. “I will meet you there.” 
He sensed my hesitation. 
“How can you be so calm about this?” Melanie’s vacancy fractured as much as her voice; the angry Melanie from before started to peek through. “You saw what I saw, right?”
“Friend,” Davion ignored her for the moment. “I suggest we use what the Abbey provides until we can fully assess the situation.” 
Davion walked close to her, treating the glass like sand on the carpet. The pieces were too small to crack under his heels, but his steps left them embedded into his footprints. He was cool and collected. This is the kind of man Daniel deserved, I thought. The kind of man who doesn’t run. 
 “Melanie,” his voice was stronger, louder even though he stood next to her. It forced her attention to him. “You are going to go with this young man as he leads you to safety. You are going to wait for me as I scout the area. I will arrive either with or without survivors. Then we will find out what we need. There is no sense in panicking. I have things under control. Do you understand?”
The first tears of desperation and fear fell from Melanie’s eyes and streaked the makeup that I hadn’t seen coating her face. It revealed a darker tone to her skin and implied a few blemishes. 
She took Davion’s hand when he offered it again and nodded her compliance.
Davion strode towards me and whispered, “Hold on to your strength so that Melanie doesn’t lose hers. I know her well and I’m afraid she’ll need it soon enough. I don’t know you well enough to know but I hope you will prove my faith in you correct.” 
“I can do that,” I lied. I could hardly believe he spoke that way: part rehearsed, as if he’d been planning for emergencies his entire life. 
Davion left, crunching over the broken glass and out the front door. I walked over to Melanie and took her hand. She trembled. 
“I was determined today,” she muttered. “I knew I was going to find him when I woke up.”
“I know,” I said. “Come on, we have to get to safety.”
She said more, but I didn’t hear it. 
The exit sign blinked at us, half obscured by a dozen colourful streamers that once adorned the roof-tiles of the gift shop. I swallowed a deep breath of the air which had turned bitter, somewhat metallic. I looked back long enough to see the candles in the other nave blown out; thread-like wisps of smoke still ran from their wicks. Then, and only then, did I realize that running meant you had to accept whatever you ran into – and that not every new life is meant to be survived. 








Chapter Two:
Dead


My name is Leon Bishop. I learned how to dance by walking two dogs on separate leads; my parents were amazing and convinced me to study what I loved instead of what everyone else only liked; as a teenager, I fell in love, lust, and into trouble as easily as anyone else. But what really matters right now is this: 
I’m not dead.
Most importantly, I’m not going to tell you I’m dead. 
Kenya Rothrock, the new director of Literature and Language at St. Michel’s – who also taught Postmodernism with a heart of sheet rock - couldn’t convince me to use that trope in telling what happened. Even now I can’t bring myself to do it because the act would effectively ruin the memory of those who’ll die in the following pages. 
Even though it was a staple of the All-About-Me generation of Literature, my classes hardly ever understood why I disliked that trope. I can explain it now in a way I couldn’t before. Long ago, you couldn’t cross a bookshelf without seeing the line ‘this is how I died’ in one out of every three novels. Lauren Williams, a novelist of pulp romance hidden beneath an even thinner veil of mock self-discovery, had been the biggest offender. Rothrock threw the harlequin effigies of Williams in my face whenever she could. ‘It’s brilliant because it’s about a weapon-smith who hates weapons, so he dies metaphorically,’ she’d say. 
I never got enthused by her passion. 
Saying you’ve died in a first person narrative is a cheat. I would learn later, while the ashes of Sondranos still singed my sinuses, that living is always harder than dying. I imagine that’s why I wasn’t afraid when I led Melanie into the cellar of the Abbey. My body could have easily been strewn out in the plains, eviscerated by a then-unknown enemy. The attack could have come mid-flight, or I could have been evaporated in the city limits. 
To say I’d died would be cheating what waited.  I write this from a scattered and fractured life, the kind of perch a bird would be insane to build a nest upon. My words, my thoughts – which are what this story is truly about – are the only comfort I have. Ironic, since these very words are ones I’ve used to betray so many others, including myself. 
Rothrock would probably say, ‘Hell had better plans for me.’

Blanc de Noirs defined Sondranos cuisine after having been brought by the colonists, grown, and crafted over years of agricultural exchange. When we got to the cellar, I wasn’t surprised that the dusty cave was a storeroom for casks of the wine. 
Two large buttresses introduced the way down while cobwebs acted like stabilizers. Some shook loose in the destruction. Dust sprinkled the remaining ones and caught the sunlight as I pulled the door behind us. I left the door ajar so a sliver of light could lead us down. Lines of plastic black grapes adorned the wall. Melanie touched a couple, picked one off, and crushed it in her fist.  
By then, Melanie had deafened herself to the destruction both physically and mentally.  She might as well have been hiding from a thunderstorm.
The basement was coloured a woodgrain brown, matching the shades adorning the walls and the barrels around the room. Casks of wine lined the cellar, their presence hinted at with the scent of mock oak and mildew. Whoever designed the room kept a trio of empty casks in the centre, balanced on a crease in the pavement that could have served as a drain a long time ago. A system of stringed lights wires led from the stairwell; ovular bulbs lit up each barrel in a spotlight. Either the place was on a generator, or power was still on out here – for that we were grateful. Very distant and out of place was the sound of a barber shop quartet singing some nineteenth century tune. Their voices reverberated off the walls through speakers piped through the four corners of the cellar. 
 “Liars,” Melanie muttered. 
It was the first she’d spoken since we’d left the Abbey’s gift shop. When I asked her to repeat what she’d said, she stopped on the last step and said, “Only one station on this entire planet plays music from Earth’s golden period – 97 Transistor Radio.” 
“I’m not following you.” 
On Sondranos, Melanie explained, all the transmissions relayed to a series of stations circling the crater of Sondranos. She fell easily into the role of teacher, moving her hands around her waist to emphasize points and maintaining eye contact. Eventually, she continued, the stations all moved to Crater’s Edge to keep the signal more efficient. The circumference of the crater treated the entire settlement like a giant, ancient satellite dish turned inwards. Her best guess was that the natural landscape allowed for optimal signal transmission when it wasn’t being bounced off another station. 
“But, at the beginning of their broadcast every day, some advertisement says they never record their shows. ‘Why trust the rest when we’re the best’,” she smiled – it was a dark grin, concealed and coloured like the shadows of the fake grapes strung down the stairwell. She dropped the mock announcer voice to a quiver that shook the beginning of her next sentence. “Meaning they’re transmitting from the part of the city that doesn’t exist anymore.”
“I guess they’ll be in trouble.”
“I won’t be listening to them anymore,” Melanie laughed. It started soft and high-pitched. The laughter continued, awkwardly. She walked down the last step, letting her voice muffle to a groan and sat down on a nearby cask.  Melanie cupped her face in her palms and began to weep as silently as she could, which wasn’t very quiet.
Instead of comforting her, I searched the room. 
Two small bowls lay convex against the wall. I swabbed the inside of both bowls with my sleeve and made sure they were clean. After a second glance around, I found the most recently pegged barrel sitting on its side atop a triangle of more near the stairwell. That was when Melanie looked up and caught what I was doing. Her weeping stifled. 
“Who are you here to visit?” she asked. 
“Nobody.”
I placed a bowl below the spigot on the barrel and twisted, hoping something would come out. The instantaneous scent of Blanc de Noirs filled my sinuses. I’d once made a strawberry-rhubarb pie and, when the wine came pouring out of the cask, my mouth watered as if expecting that same dessert. The alcohol was barely there, an aftertaste for the senses. 
“Then why Sondranos? Why come here?” 
“I thought it would be a good holiday,” I responded quickly. 
It was easier than the truth. 
Trust me, I wanted to tell Melanie how I took the A8 to the airport, booked a flight to New York, picked up a few travel needs in Manhattan and then clipped my way south to Miami, where International Aeronautics offered hundreds of flights as part of the summer festival celebration sale. I even got a discount for being a teacher for more than five years. Of course, had I explained that, she would have wondered why I’d gone through so much trouble. I didn’t look like the ‘sudden adventure’ type of guy. 
Instead of that, it was easier to follow with: “I just needed a change of scenery.”

I believe you can feel lies when they settle into your brain; you can feel them wanting to be the truth. You have this sort of ‘If someone else believes it, then it can be true mentality.’ If you don’t feel this, then lying has become too comfortable and you should re-consider speaking in public.  
At that moment, my lie nestled at the base of my skull next to thoughts of how easy it was to convince myself I was fine and how hard it was to remember I was no longer back on Earth. I knew that every time I spoke to Melanie she would only think I was here for something trivial – a holiday. I liked that. 
But next to these lies are moments that always live in the present. No matter when they happened or why, they’re the neighbours to our lies: present moments keep us from accepting that deceit is an easy task. Asking a friend about their Mother after attending the funeral two years prior; waking up to go to work, forgetting that work was destroyed a week ago. 
My time on Sondranos was filled with Present Moment memories. 
The best way to describe them is a sensory explosion that lasts less than a second, but feels like a lifetime. Go back to the past, flash forward to whatever your mind’s fixated on: you’re stuck in time and can’t do anything about it. All you’ll have left is the sensory ghost, a scent, a feeling, a headache, just a reminder that you’ve been hit and couldn’t stop the memory. 
After lying to Melanie, this is the first memory that played out in my head: 

On Earth, he is Arthur Leontes Bishop, Ph.D. and Professor and Director of Interstellar Literatures and Cultures. He stands before his class and clasps his hands together. Leon longs for the days when he can wear a jacket with leather patches on the elbows, but the parental supervisory board has strict regulations on clothing. As long as they aren’t placing blame on him for their children’s shortcomings, he’ll follow the regulations. 
Eleven first-year students stare back at him. Some jot down notes with the graphite pens they got at the school store during orientation, while others soak in the information by listening. Not one of them knows the answer to his question. He laughs the feeling of unease away and starts towards the projector. He clicks it on where an image of Richter’s Guide to the Psychology of Selfish Symbology flashes and rotates slowly on the holographic screen. 
“The correct answer,” Leon begins, “is the ‘All-About-Me Generation Literature of the early twenty-first century’. Novels like The Garden in the Brush, Delgado’s Union, and the Refuge of Albion are examples. These three novels show how the literary tool of postmodernism assumed the blame of society and translated it into a more subconscious, selfish level of thinking. But stop. Selfishness is not a bad thing, it’s just got a negative connotation. Sometimes you need to think about yourself, otherwise, how’d you survive?” 
Leon watches as a student in the front row scribbles POSTMOD = LITERARY TOOL on her notebook and Leon stifles a smile. Rothrock next door would have his hide if she knew he’d allowed that. She’d only gotten her PhD in postmodernist theory a year before it was written off as a period due to the inability for it to be proven under a single time constraint. That, and when the most a ‘period’ could do was offer a strange tone and a handful on conceits, then something had to change. If there was ever a war between the Literary periods, Leon was sure he and Rothrock would be on opposing sides, a fight to the death, even though he couldn’t even nail down the title of his own period. ‘All About Me’ Literature is just one of the many threads he used to tie them down. 
But Leon is comfortable here; he is at home. There is nothing a student or professor or adjunct could say for which he wouldn’t have an answer or argument, and no attention seeking parents can strip him of his pride. 
Leon turns to a male student in the front row. 
“Mr. Bell,” he says. “Pick one of the titles I just mentioned to you.” 
Jamie Bell stares back at him, open mouthed and eyes agape. Leon waits. 
Eventually, Mr. Bell lets the words form on the tip of his tongue and he stammers, “The last one. The one about refuse.”
“Refuge of Albion, by Pierre Albert, published in June of 2023.” 
The voice recognition system in the projector recognizes Leon’s tone. The key words and the rotating image of the class textbook shifts to another book – the cover showing a castle. In the reflection of the pond below it, the castle is decayed and destroyed. Below the author’s name is an MPAA sticker outdated by a few hundred years. Leon doubts anyone could find the film for the book since it was archaic by at least six or seven forms of data management crystals, but still listens for the clues that someone’s forgone the reading. Mostly, anyone who says that the book had some great acting is a dead give-away. 
Leon addresses the class: “The author calls this book his ‘most important work because of its mental capacity’ and yet this novel is about a man who runs from his life because he can’t handle what he’s becoming. Sound familiar? You’ve probably read a version of the same story six, maybe seven thousand times, seen it in films, and heard it in music and productions.” 
Leon paces the room, holding his hands in front of him. “What makes it different from all the others is how inherently selfish the author approached the story. He took an old tale, used that as the spine for his work, and then proceeded to use all his own concerns, memories, defeats, victories, and perceptions about the world to fuel the pages. If postmodernism gave us comfort in the absurd, then it also gave us the ability to make that same comfort a first world concern: hence, the shorthanded AAM Generation Literature, which lasts for around two hundred years, from 1991 to 2250. Their motto: We are always the centre of our own story. Over four-hundred years, one Technological Revolution, the distribution and monopolization of the space program, and hundreds of paradigm shifts later we can still look back and consider these works unique. Why?”
The boy, Jamie Bell, slouches in his seat while the girl next to him cocks her head to the side, giving Leon her attention. Leon can see a small phoenix emblazoned across her wrist, the fire tipped wings reach around like a bracelet of orange and yellow. On it, the name ‘Zen Koriyama’ is inked in cursive. Lacey Barks. 
“They’re the same story, but from an individual point of view? But how does that account for symbolism and metaphor on the grander scale?” Lacey asks. 
A door opens at the back of the classroom. 
The creak of the hinges is enough to cause Lacey to turn her head along with the rest of the class, and gives Leon time to step forward and pick up a newspaper he’d bought at the Duty Free Shoppe across from campus. 
The culprit of the interruption takes a seat at the back of the room, five rows behind the other students. Leon instantly recognizes the black, shoulder tousled hair and the mascara stained eyes of Casey Hayes. Leon ignores her, but can’t help feeling the same way all professors must when the Director of Academia steps into his or her classroom. 
Leon ruffles the pages of the newspaper to grab the class’ attention. 
“What does this look like to you?” He asks Lacey. 
“I don’t know – a period newspaper?”
“It has no meaning to you.” Leon steps closer to her desk and sets it in front of her. She watches it, then watches Leon. 
“Should it?” 
“No. You haven’t experienced anything with it yet. If you were to write about this newspaper, right now, your story would be called emotionless, bland, and without a founding in reality,” he says. 
Leon picks the paper up and hands it to the student sitting next to her. Jamie Bell looks annoyed that Leon has chosen to pick on him again. “But if Jamie here lost his data pad, was denied access to his credit source, got kicked out of school, maybe kicked out of his flat with no place to stay, nothing to eat, and no connection to his much valued electronics, then this newspaper would be his only chance at regaining the world he once knew. A long time ago these things were invaluable. With government regulating print publications ensuring they have all the amenities of electronic print, he would instantly travel back hundreds of years technologically. His story would be filled with emotion. It would have drama, humour, and maybe a few adult situations. Either way, it would be his story because he experienced it.” 
Leon picks up the newspaper and tosses it back to his desk. It flutters before falling off the edge, and he can hear a trio of students stifle a laugh at this. “His story would have to be selfish; otherwise, there would be no story. Symbols give that to us.” 
Leon looks at Jamie, who’s turned his attention – possibly for the first time since the semester began – inwards. Jamie contemplates what Leon has said in a way that Leon understands. He prompts Jamie to speak, to finish the example for him, “and what does that mean to you, Mr. Bell?”
“What’s important to me should be important to everyone?” he says. 
“Not should,” Leon laughs. “Could. Potentials. Could be important. Which leads to the next lecture: why everything I have just said can be taken as a compliment and with a grain of salt.” 
Casey Hayes clears her throat. It echoes from the back to the front. Leon looks at the digital interface lining his desk and recognizes the time just as quickly as he recognizes the sound of the students shuffling to pack up their stuff. 
There used to be a time when they would stay behind and talk. Some would ask him questions – now he fears that all of them are as personality-less as the girl with the phoenix tattoo, Lacey. Some teachers call them Blank Slates. There aren’t too many Bells these days. Very quickly, as if the room had never been filled with students, silence sets in. Casey Hayes fills it by tapping her fingers on the desk. 
“I couldn’t tell,” Leon asks Casey as she stands and walks down to the proscenium. “Did they start to pack up because I looked at the clock, or because they knew the time?”
“Leon,” she begins, “do you have a minute?” 
“Depends on if I’ll need it later,” Leon says. He reclines back against the desk with a forced smile. He ignores her confusion and ushers her to a seat in the front row. “What can I help you with?”
“It’s about the program.” Casey steps onto the stage and leans past him. She bends over and picks up the newspaper, setting it on the desk before flattening it on the surface. The projector, having not been turned off, switches to reflective mode and throws the image of the first page onto the wall. Casey reads the headline over Leon’s shoulder. It’s something decrying Earth’s technological stagnation by a theoretical physicist from Madrid. 
“Let me guess,” Leon leans forward, a move he’s learned from years of teaching. “We need to hire six hundred more professors because the upcoming year has a projection of ten billion students all wanting to sign up for my classes?”
This gets a smile. It hangs on Casey’s lips a little too long. 
“Close,” she says. “Only nine million. I’m guessing from your attitude you haven’t seen the actual projections?”
“Not yet. You know I don’t like to step outside the semester.”
In this moment, Leon still feels comfortable. His chest relaxes as he takes in a deep breath. His mind races towards another joke; a ghostly tremor tickles his fingers as if they’re ready to keep beat to some unnamed tune playing in his mind. But the Leon experiencing this memory doesn’t want to feel comfortable. He knows what’s coming. Casey Hayes comes out of her office very rarely, and hardly ever does she walk in at the end of a class. 
“You’ve been here for a long time,” she begins. “And yet, the number of students actively signing up for your courses is still the lowest in the department.” 
“I’m not liking where this is going, so can I assume you’re leading with the bad news first?” Leon asks. 
“Think of it this way, Dr. Bishop,” Casey says. “You were just teaching A.A.M. Gen, which is a subset of English Lit. I mean, you’re teaching a class that covers a good deal of literary progression – that’s a lot, don’t you think?”
“Just tell me, how much of our budget are you cutting?”
“None,” Casey says. The small-talk ends. “In fact, the budget for your department will technically be higher. I’m transferring you to a subcategory and relinquishing control of Lit and Language to Professor Rothrock, where she will delegate your specialty into a subset of that field, instead of having its own department. She might even be changing the name a bit to appeal to other students.”
There is a moment of silence. Leon waits for Casey to say she’s kidding, but the punch line never comes. Instead, she follows up with a patronizing smile and extra words that feel rehearsed. 
“I mean,” she begins, “you’ll still be teaching all the subsets you like, but for now, we just need to slim things down.”
Leon says nothing. 
“Your job is safe,” she unwittingly condescends. “You’re the best person we have when it comes to that kind of lit, and we’ll aid your students the best we can in helping them finish their degrees if they’ve chosen to major in your field. I mean, you’re the best we have - we would never let you go. We have everything covered. This?” She refers to the meeting by unclasping her hands gesturing outward. “This is just a formality. It’s as meaningless as your newspaper.”
“You can’t say that,” he says. “I’ve devoted years to this. I’ve been the heart and soul of this department. I created this damn program; you didn’t even have a functioning Literature department until I came. How can you delegate something to a subset so easily?”
Casey stands up and joins him beside the desk. She doesn’t notice that Leon is holding himself up rather than leaning on the desk for comfort. She places her hand on his. The cold of her fingers makes Leon jolt his attention to her. It makes him wake up. “You’ll be okay, Leon. Just remember: we have you in an embrace, not a headlock.”  
The memory flashes – as Present Moments are prone to do - to a scene hours later. Outside of the classroom, he owns a home in Dowanhill overlooking the Queensborough Gardens in Glasgow. The home is decorated with books, most of which Leon has never opened – the ones he uses are in his office in the back, adjacent to his bedroom. He brings most of the classroom texts from his own personal collection. 
Lining the halls hang a series of portraits, most of which are him with Daniel. 
In each picture – thanks to the state of the memory – Leon can’t see Daniel. His body and face are fuzzed out. Some are from Daniel’s home town of Edinburgh, near Holyrood Park and Arthur’s Seat; all of these contain two fur–laden cairn terriers named Manny and Coto – dogs that Daniel has had since the inception of their relationship. The rest of the photographs are in Glasgow near the Gardens. 
As he leaves his path in the sitting room, Leon dismisses the pictures and the feelings they bring back. He doesn’t know what to call himself anymore. Is he still the Professor when he’s just relegated to a subset? But still, he knows this is a trifle. It’s only served to unearth something deeper within, a fear that he still can’t admit to himself. In Edinburgh another event awaits him. Only, Leon won’t know about it until after it happens. He’s too busy pacing, patronizing himself. In the hallway, he can remember the classroom. Casey Hayes. It never changes in his mind. It sounds like Daniel berating him for not standing up for his program when he had the chance. Even saying it that way sounds passive – they’d talked for two hours in the car about Leon not being more forceful, but here it means nothing because it’s in the past. The feelings of lack of definition begin to grow. 
The doubt of deserving the life he’s built has taken root. 

With the two bowls filled with aromatic sweetness, I handed Melanie her drink. I sat on the ground next to her and waited for her to sip at her own before swirling my bowl and taking a large gulp. It tasted the way it smelled, and I suddenly craved a pie with fresh rhubarb and strawberry in not-a-drink format. A soft rumble shook the room, another cloud of dust settled around us. I covered my bowl, but Melanie was oblivious to it. Her eyes were wide and brimmed with tears. I needed to distract her until Davion returned. That, in its own respect, was my own way of keeping my mind off everything.  
“You seemed upset before,” I started. I only knew one thing about her, and even though it seemed a brash topic, it was better than discussing the situation we were currently in. 
“I came searching for my father.”
“Is he at the Abbey?”
“Not the Abbey,” she said. “I came here just for Davion.”
“And blood, from the sound of it.”
She blushed and took another sip. “Well, if you had the same history with him, you’d be doing the same.”
“I shouldn’t trust him?”
“Take it to mean whatever you want,” she said. “He’s probably a trustworthy person. All I know is that when my Dad walked out on us, Davion’s trustworthiness went out the window for me. There’s a fine line between someone’s life choices and when those same things hurt other people.” 
I looked her up and down. The mental picture of Melanie I’d seen before wasn’t the same. She had seemed younger in the Abbey, maybe in her early twenties. Her makeup had smudged enough to cast doubt on that, but now I could see her hair was ragged from age; there was a distinct, lingering musk of being unwashed for days. And fear. It forced a constant twitch in her fingers. This wasn’t a woman whose father had just walked out on her – she was much too old to be that reliant. She was searching for closure. Maybe that was how she’d been able to push the destruction of Sondranos out of her mind. I envied her.
“How old are you?” 
“Old enough,” she said. 
“Which implies you grew up fast,” I responded.
“Who gave you permission to qualify me?”
“My line of work.”
She paused, unconcerned with asking for me to clarify. “My Dad walked out on my family when I was thirteen – about fifteen years ago. God, I hated him.”
“It’s taken you a long time then,” I said. I was getting good at bad questions. 
“It wasn’t until my Mom passed a few months ago that I decided to find my Dad and let him know what he did to her. She never recovered. Died miserable and alone and hating me because I reminded her of him. The typical love story.”
“And you had enough to go on to bring you here?”
“No. All the paths led to the MacKinnon Commune outside of town. That’s the commune Davion works with.”
“The Commune with a gift shop.”
“No, that’s the Abbey. The Commune doesn’t have anything like that. I think.”
“What’s the difference, aren’t they all branches of the same thing?”
“Religious wordplay. Words are the foundation of everything here. Davion returns to it once every month with reports and new recruits.” She pointed upwards as if the wine cellar encompassed the entirely of the Abbey. “I’ve figured this place is the way station for those wishing to join the commune. So, when I learned that my Dad joined after leaving us, I did my research and figured he must have met Davion.”
“And what makes you think Davion remembers your father?”
“I don’t,” she said. “At least, I’m starting to think that. I just want proof before I go all the way out there. If he isn’t there, I’ll need a damn good reason to get out.”
“Why is that?”
“Have you ever met the daughter of an alcoholic? Afraid to drink because she might like it too much? Religion’s the same way,” she looked at me with cold, calculated eyes. This was a woman who would understand why I’d decided to run. Another rumble shook the cellar. More dust cascaded and danced down the beams of light. I looked back at Melanie, who’d closed her eyes. She shut them against memory as well as the dust. 
“We all have impressions of people. What matters is how we interpret them when the details change,” I said. It was all I could think to add as I felt like I’d just stepped into a situation I never belonged in. 
“Well,” Melanie’s face soured, and her expression shifted to one of disgust. “My impression of Davion is that he’s a sod. When I came this morning, I told myself ‘I’m not letting him brush me away this time’.”
“I think that was wise of you,” I said. 
Melanie opened her mouth and looked at me, cock eyed. The professor part of me had been speaking. Patronizing, belittling. Or maybe this was what Melanie heard when Davion pushed her aside for other matters. Either way, she shook her head and finished the rest of her wine. She closed her mouth and I heard grit crunching between her teeth. She then handed me her bowl, glowering. I took it semi-apologetically and walked back to the cask. 
“I’m fully aware of what’s going on,” Melanie mumbled. 
I still didn’t believe her. There was distance in her eyes – as far away as my students’ on the last day of class. She stopped talking long enough to make my heart drop. She cocked her head to the side and brushed a couple loose strands of her blonde hair behind her ear. 
“You hear that?” 
I listened. I couldn’t hear anything outside, but the music still played – something by the Devotions. “What do you hear?”
She pointed upwards and I followed her finger. I didn’t see anything she would have been pointing at. Instead, I heard the radio click off and the song started over again. It got a few more notes into the tune before the song’s skipping interrupted the melody. The radio whined, and then the tune was gone. In its place was a voice – one that was very familiar. 
“All units: we require medical attention,” said the co-pilot who’d told me about the Abbey and the shop. His voice was unmistakable. It was soft, but it bounced off the cellar speakers, using the silence as an amplifier. “Coordinates embedded with this transmission. I don’t know what’s going on but if anyone’s available please help. We’ve hijacked a local signal, but I don’t even know if this will go through. They’re coming. We need…” 
The transmission cut off. Not even static filled the cellar. 







Chapter Three:
Two kinds


I had been deep in my thoughts of Daniel and home and wondering if I should have been out in the Abbey yards looking for survivors when the door to the cellar door clamoured open. Melanie shrieked in response. She dropped her bowl, startled. Whatever Blanc de Noirs was left jumped across the room and soaked into the floor.
“Davion?” Melanie called out.
I looked up towards the stairs. Two silhouetted figures descended. The first figure carried the second by wrapping an arm around the other’s chest.
“One of us is,” an unfamiliar female voice called down.
The new woman carried Davion with her as their shadows fragmented the light of the cellar. I rushed to help while Melanie watched.  The new woman was tall, with more figure than Melanie. She held less weight and her head was topped by dyed red hair. It had lost its sheen since the last time she’d coloured it, so the tint mixed with brown roots beneath. A large shirt, men’s size, hung over her shoulders and de-emphasized her heavy-set chest. I was certain she wore it for that exact purpose. 
Let it be said that sexual competition always exists in matters of life and death because Melanie looked at her breasts first, cocked her head to the side, and grimaced before speaking.
“Is anyone else out there?”
I retrieved Melanie’s bowl and filled it and my own with more Blanc de Noirs. 
I walked over to the woman and offered my bowl, as if to trade. 
“Thanks,” she huffed. 
At the bottom of the steps, Davion steadied on his feet and collapsed onto my side as he shifted weight. I saved the wine. I escorted Davion to the same barrel Melanie sat on. She begrudgingly let him take her place, snatching her bowl from my hand, just as careful not to spill. Melanie swirled the contents, sniffed, and sipped. 
“I’m Annalise Davenport. And no, ma’am. Nobody else I could see. It was lucky I caught your friend here before the darts came.”
“Darts?”
“Looked like escape pods. Only they’d been retrofitted with some pretty powerful guns. They were mowing down anything that moved,” she said. “Though now that I think about it, they didn’t take aim at us once we left the main road.”
“Once your friend was eliminated,” Davion said.
“That was the first time I’d ever met him.” 
Melanie had a passivity that only broke when she was angry. I could sense the opposite from Annalise. In any other situation, my attention could have been drawn to her first. In the classroom, I would have deemed her as a risk for disruptions. Annalise sniffed the contents of the bowl, glanced quickly in my direction and then gulped the contents. Where matters of the end of the world occur, even the finest of wines become nothing more than distractions. 
Davion slumped forward, his hands over his eyes and his head near his knees. He dry heaved twice. All of us stayed silent as he spat out something white, rubbed his eyes, and sat up.
“We’re safe,” Davion began. “They didn’t use anything that would poison the atmosphere. If we can find somewhere safe, we can survive this.”
“You can’t know that for sure,” Melanie interrupted.
Davion locked eyes on her. 
“Who are they?” I asked. 
“I have my thoughts. But I’d rather not say anything.”
It took ten minutes of Davion answering the same questions with the same answers before Annalise stepped forward. She’d taken it upon herself to refill her bowl it and handed it to Davion. If we weren’t careful, we could drain every cask in the cellar dry before the day was over. I’d already begun feeling the slightest numbing of my senses, which usually resulted in an overpowering urge to reminisce if I’d drunk too much. Melanie might have also begun feeling the effects, but I never could have proven it. She then retreated to a spot behind us. Davion drank and a smile the colour of the Blanc de Noirs tinted his lips paler than his face; he started to tell what had happened after he’d ordered Melanie and I to the cellar. 
 “I found Annalise and told her where to go before realizing I had to give up on any survivors,” Davion said. “If there were more of those darts, or any people inclined to violence, then any efforts I made would be fruitless. She helped me back here. It may have only been the wind knocked out of me, but that was enough. I’ve been fasting for three weeks now. My body was weaker than it should have been.”
After a pause, Davion added as an afterthought: “I am ashamed to say I was unable to save another, but he brought death upon himself.” 
Annalise eyed me from her spot near the casks and took a deep breath.
Melanie glared at Davion. She was thinking of her mother, and the state her father had left them in. I didn’t need to work with shaping young minds to understand that. “How does someone bring death upon themselves?”
Davion swivelled to face her. He placed his hand on his side and groaned as he twisted his body. Melanie knelt before him. He whispered towards her with the energy of a priest, much like the same energy she’d displayed back in the Abbey.  Had I not known any better, I would have thought her to be genuinely concerned. 
Annalise ushered me to the side, near the opened cask.
What followed was what Annalise had seen. I could tell she wanted me to know everything, as her tone questioned whether or not it would come back to haunt her later. I’d learn later that she’d had issues with the right story being told. One story can have different plots, meanings, and events if the tellers are different enough. Annalise was careful, afraid of what she said. Annalise didn’t seem to trust anyone, but I trusted her, and maybe that was enough. Maybe that’s why I choose now to portray her tale and not Davion’s.  

Annalise Davenport inspects her car when the implosion of Sondranos begins. The sudden pressure change in the atmosphere had been enough to send the engine into fits before it died completely, so now she hopes something is wrong with the car and not the system propelling her away from the city. The sound-proof interior of her Hybrid-Delorix muffled the rumblings of explosions and detonations.
She kneels down and looks beneath. The carriage looks fine: black cables and steel rods, no leaks, and the bright green hydraulic system seems to be fully pressurized. Unfortunately, there is no tell-tale blue lightning bolt arcing from the battery to the Transit Strip. It should have a constant stream of static electricity to a thin metallurgic line beneath the pavement. 
She gets up, wishing she’d left for home a bit earlier.  
Her probation officer wouldn’t have minded her leaving their court mandated meeting a bit earlier, he was always more considerate of her given the charges. Instead, she’d shown him the same respect, and just took on the anxiety of wanting to leave the city limits internally.
It’s the smell that grabs her attention. 
A gust from behind her of burnt Aurichrome, on a bitter and alcoholic wind. 
Annalise stands on the tip of her toes to see into the distance, curious. Sondranos crater-life isn’t flat, as most would expect. There are sudden jutting hillsides and deep crevasses that make the crater floor feel like a shaved down version of the Highlands. While she wasn’t too far from the Terminal, she’d just crested down a hill that blocked her view of the city by just a few inches on the horizon line. 
A man in his truck a few lanes ahead gets out of his car and stumbles. 
He grimaces, and it makes him look like an actor scrunching his face as exercise. There aren’t any other cars nearby. Annalise is certain that if there were, they’d all be doing the same as him. In the distance, Annalise notices a meteorite plunging from low orbit, though she knows that’s not what it is. The man next to his truck starts pushing from the back end, grabbing the tow hitch with a large, meaty hand. He’s clueless. 
Annalise jogs up to him. Running feels like it would make her panic, so she doesn’t do it. Keep it calm, she whispers, hoping her body will listen. Keep it collected. 
“What are you doing? We have to get out of here,” she says.
“Damned thing can’t start,” he grunts as he pushes again.
“Have you looked in the other direction?” Annalise mumbles, and scans the horizon. She refuses to look at the destruction. Already, plumes have begun to form and shuttles started falling from the sky. This grabs the man’s attention. He turns around. Annalise can see the terror in his eyes. They agree on something in that moment – it’s best left unspoken for now. 
“We have to go,” she says, again. He shakes his head. 
“I don’t understand,” he says. “This has to be a joke.”
Silence. Awkward, broken silence that Annalise doesn’t want to hear.
“I have a small arsenal in this truck,” the man finally says. It makes Annalise feel somewhat safer. But not by much. The man looks at her, confused, and then corrects his expression. “Most of it’s highly explosive.”
“Maybe we should head for the terminal – it’s close by, right?”
“I’m not leaving this truck.”
Annalise groans, looks at the terminal, and takes a deep breath. Why can’t she just leave?  
“Damn it,” she mumbles.
She turns to help the man with the truck; her heart sinks in her chest. She pushes. The truck doesn’t move and she feels the tendons in her legs straining and crying out for her to stop. Dull pain reels down her legs and swims in her mind. She’s sure she felt the blast, but does her best to ignore it. She’s been getting better at ignoring certain parts of Sondranos. Panic: she can control it. She’s done it once, she can do it again. 
They push harder. Annalise hears the gears rattling under the strain of the truck’s weight. 
A flash of light and it feels like someone’s throwing Annalise into the car – it gives her and the man the false sense of strength they need to think they’re doing well. She ignores the pressure on her back and wrists. The connection bolt is gone, but the magnetic strip – often used when the programming goes awry or someone at Transit hasn’t been paying attention – still clings to the truck for dear life, creating a kind of friction that turns the movement of the wheels into momentum in dry glue. If the system were to restart, then it could send a surge through the frame of the truck so strong that every combustible item would detonate. Which is why ancient combustion engines and weapons weren’t allowed in transports, she wants to say. An explosion on the road would cause the strip beneath to ignite, severing any chance of a five kilometre restart of the system. 
“We need to keep pushing it forward. The connection isn’t severed,” she says, instead.
“Is there some other way to cut it?”
“Not unless you have a directed EMP generator on hand.”
The man looks at her and shakes his head. He makes a movement that reminds Annalise of police officers searching for their badge, and she suddenly feels intense distaste for the man. “Other pants, sorry.”
She stifles a smile, and they both push forward. 
Again, it starts moving.
 A bit of gravel crunches under the wheels. 
She sets her back against the truck bed latch and pushes with her legs. She can’t help it, the reprimand falls off her tongue. “Why the hell were you carrying a truck full of explosives? You do know those things are illegal.”
“Not plain explosives. Highly explosive rounds and a few guns. I’m transporting them to the detonation yards,” he grunts. 
The sound of screaming and a slight jerk of the truck forward startles her. It isn’t normal screaming – a high pitched wail from overhead shudders in her chest and freezes her heart. She stumbles to her knees. Instead of standing, she looks up; her companion hasn’t fallen, but he does the same. Darts streak into the atmosphere, exiting the cover of clouds now blanketing above the city. First one, then a dozen more. They circle the city. Some head to the West, others to the South. Annalise draws a mental line on the map of Sondranos. To the South is the military base. West is in her direction – suburbia. 
“Who would attack us?” the man asks. 
Annalise keeps silent. 
A dart turns their way. Its silver glints in tiny specks of sunlight poking through the city smoke. Annalise tries to see the mother-ship, but can only see blue above. 
“We have to leave this behind,” Annalise says. “Let it blow, it’s all going to go that way anyway.”
“No. I have to get paid,” the man yells, and pushes harder. 
She can tell that his mind has jumped to the next logical assumption. 
All this was just a distraction. 
“How much do you want to bet that ship is flying towards us with ‘making peace’ on its roster?” Annalise stops and sets her hand on his shoulder. 
The man doesn’t turn around. He keeps pushing. 
Annalise sets both hands on him and pulls him around. 
He slips and lands knee-first on the road. His gaze turns momentarily to the sky.  
“Those look like Aeronautics escape pods,” the man says, muttering like someone had just wiped his brain clear of all emotion. He’s right. The dart looks more like a bullet flying at low speed when it turns. Solid, jerky movements convince her that control is minimal behind the wheel. The darts have no windows to speak of and only a stream of exhaust showing its flight path. “That’s impossible. Those haven’t been in use for about four hundred years,” he says. 
Annalise notices the priest coming towards them from the corner of her eye. His robes kick about his body. He moves at a brisk pace, no more than a jog. He waves his arms at the two.
The man with the explosive truck is watching the dart, dumbfounded. Annalise instantly connects that the priest is coming from the Abbey next to the terminal. The priest comes closer – his eyes are wide and he wipes sweat from his brow onto his pants. 
The man pushing the truck scrambles to his feet and runs to the passenger side door. He climbs in and struggles, reaching something Annalise can’t see even though she has an idea of what it might be. 
Annalise doesn’t know which direction to go – to the priest or with the man? She recalls him mimicking a police officer and heads for the priest to warn him away. By then, the dart is even closer. The scream is louder, like wind through a tunnel. She can see something bright glowing near the centre. The dart shakes slightly against the wind before firing. Small bursts explode like light bulbs from the barrels set within the front. The bullets – if she can even call them that – hit with the impact of small meteorites. Dirt, pavement, and grass plumes into the air. Annalise dives to the ground, covering her head
They hit the bed of the truck, 
KA-DING, KA-DING, KA-DING
. Bullets clamour against the cabin, piercing the body without any effort. 
Two land in the bed while one pierces the roof. 
When the clinging stops, Annalise turns to face the truck. The man sprawls out, nearly collapsing out of the seat. He’s been hit in the arm; blood courses through his tee-shirt. As he struggles to turn, Annalise notices the rifle. He points it at the dart and begins firing. 
The priest reaches Annalise at the moment pride starts to settle in her stomach. Always fight back, no matter the odds. She wants to join the man. Anger has begun powering through her veins. She doesn’t want to know the whole story; she wants to make the attackers die. Preferably slowly. 
The priest stops her as she stands. “What is he doing?”
 “What do you think?” Annalise scans the location of the dart before heading towards the truck. The priest grabs her shirt and pulls her to him; Annalise’s gut reaction is to rear back and hit him. The priest keeps his hold on her shirt, so when he sprawls backwards, she falls too. 
“I will not let you kill yourself, Miss,” the priest yells as they tumble together, awkwardly. 
Out of her periphery she hears the man firing. Small balls of white energy propel outwards, surrounding by the crack of propulsion. After a dozen or so shots, the man stops firing. He pulls out the chamber and reloads with a round he pulls from his pocket. The dart swivels around and screams back into another strafing run.
KA-DING, KA-
A bullet catches the engine and ignites. 
There’s the spark. 
It catches the engine and sends a pulse through the truck. A crack in the pavement streaks out like lightning from both ends of the truck as the strip beneath the pavement burns like incendiary paper. Smoke bleeds through cracks in the pavement, steam rising up as far as Annalise can see. At the truck, fire plumes upwards and the dart dives through the conflagration. Annalise watches the dart. A small trickle of black smoke bleeds from a point below the dart’s thruster. It bucks and weaves back towards the city. At least he took a chunk out of it first, she thinks. She doesn’t consider that she could have been killed in that explosion until afterwards. She doesn’t need to look to know that his body is charred beyond recognition, scattered across the roadside with the rest of his truck. 
“We have to get out of here,” she says to the priest.
“I agree wholeheartedly,” the priest says. “I know a place we can go.”

Annalise silenced herself with a snap. I could imagine what happened next. 
“I’m pretty sure they were just cleaning up resistance,” Annalise said after a moment of silence. “Making way for ground troops.”
“Why?”
“They went for the weapons, not the people. At least, that’s how it seemed.”
Davion clapped his hands together. The noise brought the attention of the room back to him. Melanie’s knees popped as she stood. Her features had resumed that sunken look. 
“We need to leave,” Davion whispered. It was still loud enough to bounce off the walls. We either hadn’t heard any more detonations, or the darts were busy in other areas. Annalise looked at me. 
“We can’t head south,” Annalise said. 
“No. North,” said Davion. 
“I’m fine staying here,” Melanie mumbles.
“They haven’t bothered to touch the Abbey,” Davion turned to Annalise. “Am I correct?”
“Yes.”
“That stands to reason they are only going after people. Or at the very least, they are respectful of religious foundations.”
“Maybe they just haven’t hit us yet,” Annalise said.
“Rules of extinction don’t really apply when it begins,” I said. 
“Nobody could make the human race extinct,” Melanie responded. “Not now.”
 “I suggest we head to my commune,” Davion continued. “It’s in the north, just on the edge of the crags.” 
“Why?”
“The landscape provides natural protection. It’s safe, and I know that it will remain so. There are even ancient tunnels dug into the side allowing for surface protection. We can hide there for months with the provisions my people grow to maintain stability.”
“How much faith are you willing to put on that?” I asked.
“Faith is my business, young man.” 
“I’m in,” Melanie said. Davion’s eyed widened and she looked at him with a ‘what did you expect’ glare. Make the best of what you get, especially if it results in something you’ve always wanted. I suppose, to him, the sudden reversal was a surprise. He extended his hand to her and she took it. She could hide in the pursuit of her father for as long as Davion allowed it. 
“There, we will have shelter and food,” he continued. 
“What if it’s been destroyed too?” Annalise asked.
“Then the mercy of God’s will should have us dead before we arrive,” he said.
I surveyed Davion in that moment. He stood, breathing hard. The man who’d been brought in crumpled against a strange woman’s side was no more. Davion was proud, faithful, and strong again. Had he gotten it from the drink? 
I could imagine Daniel standing next to me. ‘That’s what you should be like. That’s the kind of person who’d fight to keep his program, who wouldn’t be afraid to admit when things are going wrong,’ he would have said. 
“Well, if we’re going to walk to our deaths, first I propose a drink,” Annalise picked up both bowls, walked over to the cask, and then proceeded to fill both up. “One each. For nerves. Or faith.”
I joined her. Melanie slowly made her way to the tapped cask and Davion followed. 
One by one, Annalise filled up one of the bowls and in turns we swallowed as much as we could before needing to take a breath. I felt it calm me, burning down my throat as my stomach insisted I give it food to handle as well. The aftertaste allowed me to ignore my shaking hands and the sweat beading on my forehead. I took a second bowl, and so did everyone else. 

Sondranos had turned into a wasteland faster than I could have thought possible. The destruction was masterful. Only those who relied on their instincts of protection had been able to stand up and fight back; however, their plan had included that into the equation. When we left the Abbey, we entered desolation. The terminal had caught fire and slowly collapsed to the ground, so we didn’t head back in that direction. The awning over the receiving area had tumbled down like a deflated circus tent.
Tracks in the grass followed away from civilized life, away from the landing strip where the shuttle fire had extinguished itself. I assumed that was towards the road.  We skirted a small rectory attached to the Abbey. The Abbey and all its buildings still stood untouched after the initial shattering of the windows. 
I’d hoped Davion had looked inside to find the boy, even though I knew the answer was plain. The boy wasn’t here. Not a single other person was in sight. As we left the Abbey behind, nobody asked where everyone else should have been. 







Chapter Four:
Belovore


We walked until noon had come and gone. We kept our eyes and ears alert while listening for the darts. I still hadn’t seen one, so I followed Annalise assuming she’d recognize the sound first. I felt as safe as the revolutionaries waiting for Paul Revere to announce the coming slaughter. Melanie stuck behind Davion, who led the group.  
“Without a vehicle, we can get there in over a day. Provided the Lord gives us the strength to maintain a steady pace,” he said. 
Annalise bit back her words, about to respond to his comment. Instead she said, “roadways are burnt out within a few kilometres anyway. Should be okay the further we get out – driveable, if not powered by the city.”
A loud clattering caused me to spin around. I caught sight of the Abbey miniaturized in the distance and the terminal now behind it. As we walked further, and disappeared over the road’s steady decline from Sondranos proper, I couldn’t help but think of the terminal as a giant pile of burned leaves. I saw a small declining road leading in another direction, one with a charred truck and spider-web cracks in the road that confirmed Annalise’s story. I turned back around, choosing instead to watch the ground and hug the curb with the heels of my shoes. Further up the road and we’d be unable to see the Terminal, Abbey and Annalise’s standing ground. Astride the pavement, thick patches of transplanted Montana grass had faded from the soil, replaced by a dirt and sand mixture that reminded me of walking over a dried pond. Small patches of grass sprung up all over the landscape. 
What do you say when you’ve become part of an apocalyptic group of wanderers? 
‘Oh, nice weather.’ 
‘Yes, the ashes compliment the wind quite nicely.’
‘You know, it’s too bad civilized life had to come to a screeching halt; I could sure go for a shower.’
Annalise said something else about wandering towards a side road instead of the highway and Davion altered his course. Melanie sung softly to herself. At one point I was certain the song was the same we’d heard in the cellars before the audio cut off. Hell of an earwig, I supposed. 
It wasn’t until I’d tripped on a root sticking out of the ground that I’d woken up and seen how far we’d gone. Annalise helped me up as I patted the brightly coloured dirt off my hands. Sondranos as a colony had to be close-knit. It was here I’d learned about what I’d mentioned earlier: how the landscape wasn’t as flat as you’d expect in a crater. Take a train across Scotland, from Edinburgh to Culzean Castle and you’ll know what I mean. 
We’d found ourselves walking along a small, two lane road that traced along a ridge. A handful of trees planted on the left side of the road pointed towards the sky as the soil beneath climbed steadily, slowly upwards. They were the first trees I’d seen since landing. Thousands of them stretched to the west - wind-broken creatures with leaves that hung ragged off scraggly branches. Some of that might have been caused by the implosion we’d seen in the city, but I couldn’t be sure. Most of them looked impossible. Others had been so closely planted together that they looked like the pine farms outside Paisley. To the right was no better. A dozen, hand-planted bushes lined the side of the road every now and then. Most were either dead or dying. Their branches groped each other as if to steal the life from their neighbours. Dead leaves on the ground mimicked the colour of the dirt. An unseemly dip a couple meters off the side of the road told us we walked on a path specifically raised higher than the landscape. Below the drop and in the distance was the natural formation called the crater’s cradle, and beyond that would be the suburbs or recreational areas. Daniel had once insisted we find a place in Stirling, out near the Wallace Monument and in the enclaves of suburbia. We never would have lasted out there. 
Annalise must have noticed my sudden snap back into reality. “You okay?”
“Just thinking about a friend,” I said. 
She paused, about to ask a question I didn’t want to answer – anything about who the friend was, or if he was in Sondranos. Instead, she noticed me taking in the surroundings, catching my surprise as the sudden change of environment.  
“If you’re trying not to think about being stuck here, do yourself a favor and don’t look ahead,” Annalise said. I held her gaze. Her eyes were soft, and trusting of me. 
I didn’t have to look out and follow the road forward to know why she’d told me not to. I averted my eyes to a few feet ahead, but never straight up. As a result, I wasn’t reminded of the crater standing like a prison wall, hulking itself across the horizon in every direction. 

“The Abbey is nothing compared to the commune,” Davion began speaking just after all traces of the terminal and Abbey had fallen behind the new tree-line. “On entering, you will see a Great Hall as high as our architects could reach without employing technological advancements in ungodly ways. All around is family. You won’t need to know their names to be welcomed,” Davion exaggerated the word family by circling wide with his hands and arms, sermonizing. Melanie perked up at this mention. “I thank the Lord that I have been granted this task. I thought I’d been punished for something, but now I see. I bring you to your salvation, and my own.”
Annalise rolled her eyes. “Stationed or punished?”
“You don’t get stationed in my profession – you get called,” Davion said. Still ahead, Davion turned to walk backwards, not faltering a step. He was another man, then. Here was the shepherd, willing and decidedly leading us to a larger flock. I felt a certain kind of jealous hatred within my chest in that moment. Cold, yet somehow warming my blood. Who was he to act so strongly in the face of something devastating? “Being assigned like a soldier is a trait unbecoming a man of my stature.”
Annalise opened her mouth, but the words subsided into a grin. Stifling what she was about to say, she winked at me. I couldn’t help but wonder what she held back. 
“Don’t provoke him,” I whispered. I just didn’t want to hear him any more.
She nodded and nudged me, noting that I’d been still watching the ground. It had turned from the Montana grass to a patchwork of green, clay, and all manner of soil used in terraforming. Small speckles of silver gleamed in the vast tracts of fall colours.  
“Almost makes you want to take your shoes off,” Annalise said.	
“Just might,” I smiled. 
“Thank the Sondranos carpet foundation!” Davion said, swivelling back around. 
“It’s what natives call the ship that transported the Montana grass – it didn’t fuse to the soil properly when they planted it, and ever since people call it the largest natural carpet in history. Not exactly a selling point for our home,” Annalise said. 
“Salvation is our selling point, Annalise!” Davion raised his hands and acted as if he was conducting – waving wildly about to the beat of something none of us heard. How dare this man, I thought. How dare he omit the truth and act like it simply didn’t exist in the face of his purpose.
Melanie staggered her steps until we’d caught up with her. 
“He’s acting like this is a good thing,” she said.
“We’re all doing it. Focusing on the next task, trying to think positive without thinking of what we’re leaving behind,” Annalise responded. “Better than looking at the reality.” 
I raised my hand in mock toast and smiled. Annalise returned the gesture. I watched Davion and wondered if the only reason I’d begun to hate him was because he’d been man enough to step out into the courtyard when life crumbled. I’d taken a star-liner away while he’d faced the conflagration face-first. Practically ran in to it – Annalise was proof of that. Did I have anything to show for running? 
Daniel’s voice echoed in my mind, ‘if you could be more like him…’
I twitched away the thought, and Annalise noticed. “Wanna hear a story?”
I nearly stumbled. It was random, but welcome. I felt like she was only speaking to me. Melanie had resumed singing to herself, and I was certain she’d started making up lyrics to distract her internal thoughts. Davion, meanwhile, soldiered on.
“Sure,” I said. “Why?”
“You look like you need one.”
“How does one look like they need a story?”
“You’re still breathing,” she smiled. She waited until I smiled in return before starting. 
“In the early twenty-second century, a girl named Ilyana spent her life looking for heads-up pennies on the ground. She believed they meant good luck. If she passed a man offering her the trip of a lifetime, she’d keep her eyes on the ground waiting for the sign to accept until she walked too far away to respond. One day, she was walking down a street by the name of Rue de la Montaigne in France, where her biggest celebrity crush had been dining for lunch. His name was Bradley. Bradley rushed out of the restaurant, having paid in cash, and slipped his change into his pocket while trying to avoid the paparazzi. 
“He’d recently been in a film about King Arthur that revolutionized the genre. As such, everyone wanted a digital image of him making mistakes, or acting normal. Could you imagine King Arthur eating a burrito? Or, Gods forbid, going to the toilet?
“Anyway, Ilyana looked up to see what the commotion was even though she was already late for class and didn’t want to be detained any longer. So, she abandoned her near-subconscious search for a penny and proceeded to skirt the crowd. Bradley burst through the crowd and ran into her, knocking them both into the street. He helped her up and their eyes locked. Bradley suggested he buy her dinner two days later to make up for his mistake. Ilyana responded quietly, to which Bradley had to read her lips to understand over the noise and Ilyana’s shy volume: ‘I’m not doing anything now. There’s a coffee shop across the street?’
“‘I’d like that very much,’ Bradley smiled. He extended his arm, forgetting about the snapping photos and cat calls for him to smile for the camera. Ilyana blushed and wrapped her arm around his. 
“‘Hey,’ shouted one of the photographers, ‘you dropped your change!’
“Neither Bradley nor Ilyana heard. They were too busy watching each other and the road ahead. In fact, Ilyana vowed to never keep her eyes stuck to the ground so long as she had something to look up to. What she’d always wanted could only be seen by looking to the future and moving towards it.  After a long a happy marriage, on her deathbed, she told her great-granddaughter that there would always be pennies; it’s the act of looking for them that denies you the chance to attain them.”
I paused. Melanie had inched closer and stopped singing. I don’t know when she’d begun listening, but her attention slipped away just as quickly as the ending of Annalise’s story. “Are you trying to tell me that I’m watching the road too much?”
“Relax, it’s just a story,” Annalise grinned, and smirked. 
Annalise stopped. She looked like she had more to say, but all pretence of that fled in the instant she stuck her arm out to halt Melanie and me. Davion heard the scrape of heels against pavement and turned. 
“What’s that?” Annalise asked, pointing to a spot along the ridge. 
I followed the line of her finger to where she pointed and struggled to see anything other than brush and the edge of the decline. A flicker of light caught my eyes, stinging for no more than a second, and the silvery glimmer object of something embedded in the dirt a couple metres away. It could have been a missile, or a silver hydrant.
Annalise broke from the road and headed towards it. I followed, choosing to step closer to the edge of the hillside instead of remaining directly behind. 
I stepped closer to the edge and watched as Annalise approached the object. You could tumble down the decline, but could never hope to keep your feet planted unless you went down very slowly.  After the fall, the copse of trees was a visual appeal to nature, as they didn’t do anything other than act as a makeshift wall against the ridge. As the hill touched bottom, the decline stopped and became a sheer cliff for about five or six feet before it hit ground. It looked as if someone had tried to dig the hillside away with a spade for years, one sweep at a time. The treeline was marked by healthy, young pines. 
The trees extended into the distance the length of a couple hundred metres before finally meeting a small neighbourhood of town homes lining a grid system. I could have put my hands before my eyes and blotted out the entire neighbourhood. When I had the chance for closer inspection – breaking the fourth wall to tell you that, yes, we would be drawn there like moths to a bonfire – brightly coloured homes spread out with equally sized yards and fenced in backs, some with pools and some with swing sets. Most sat like boxes on their foundations. I didn’t see any people scrambling in the streets. Beyond that were dirt, grass, more trees, and a scattering of red-clay fields. Past the trees, any movement would have looked like ants; however, I still didn’t see anything stirring. I also saw no signs of destruction. 
Annalise stopped at the object as I caught up to her, having finally picked my way down the ridge. The surface was clear silver. At the back, the propulsion system had Int: AE stamped below a large bowl surrounding a handful of blue wires. The smell of burning fuel hovered around it like a barbecue. They were Aurichrome stabilizers – ancient technology. 
“Davion,” Annalise called out. “Does this look familiar?”
“What is it?” Melanie huffed, coming up behind. Her gaze shifted from the object to the stiff fall an arm’s length from all of us.  
Behind us, Davion re-joined our group and clapped his hands together. His smile extended beyond normal reach. “Oh my, this is fascinating!”
The object had buried itself into the ground through sheer force. My entire body could have fit inside the shell with room to turn around, maybe do a few flips provided I could bend at a 180 degree angle. An impact around the main canister staggered the dirt, causing it to circle around the cylinder. However, the most telling piece of the object came near the top. A small compartment of casing had been detached. We didn’t dare look inside, or lean close enough to accidentally do so. A series of scratches marked where something had climbed out of the hole, which led to a dent in the ground. The dent was torso sized, and a handful of prints proved that whatever had exited the object had also fallen down the ridge. 
“These are the things that attacked us,” Annalise answered my next question before I could ask it. Her tone turned into one of half adoration and half fear. “It’s true, this thing’s from International Aeronautics. Very old. Haven’t been in the public eye since museums put out a call for them. I read about it while I was in Beaumaris.”
Davion scoffed at the mention of Beaumaris, squinted at Annalise, and was about to say something. Instead, Davion shared his look with Melanie. I’d never heard of a place called Beaumaris, but it seemed to hold judgmental weight over Annalise. Doubting it was anything important, I returned attention to the pod. The cover was cool to the touch. I expected to have had to pull my hand back, thinking the heat would have burned the flesh off my fingers. 
“Shouldn’t it still be warm?” Melanie asked the question that had occurred to me. 
“That’s the coolant system at work,” Annalise said. “Re-entry should have these things burning red hot. Once they start to heat up, the internal systems kick in. Practically freeze the outer shell once it hits a certain temperature, which is why they were such good escape pods. Stabilizers control impact.”
“How do you know so much about these?” Melanie asked. “Or was this something else you read at Beaumaris?”
“Do you live here?” 
“Of course.”
“Then how do you not?”
Melanie stepped back and scoffed. She rolled her eyes and joined Davion, who’d taken his turn looking down the hillside. “I’d expect as much.” 
“Whatever was inside is heading that way,” I interrupted.  I pointed out the myriad crevasses bounding down the hill, hardly noticeable until pointed out. One large bump in the decline showed claw marks having grabbed at the soil to slow down. The two snapped tree branches at the bottom of the fall confirmed it for me – it must have cracked them on impact. Annalise looked in the direction I pointed. She groaned, slumped, and looked up into the sky. 
“Dammit. Of course. It only makes sense,” she muttered. “We have to warn them.”
“Warn who?” Melanie asked. Annalise nodded her head to the area beyond the trees, towards the suburban sprawl I’d seen. The one I’d been able to blot out, maybe an hour or two’s walk through the woods. 
 “If we were closer, outside of the farm, you could see a certain house.” Annalise began. I didn’t know what she meant by farm, but something told me she was referencing the odd placement of the woods at the bottom of the hillside. It never struck me until later how odd the trees looked in comparison with the clay and dirt, even with sporadic patches of grass erupting from the soil at discombobulating intervals. “Near the second cul-de-sac at the end to your right. Blue, with green trim. That’s my house.” She sighed and shook off the look of regret. “On the other hand, if we can make it there, I have an idea on how to get going a bit faster.”
“Oh no,” Davion mumbled. He crossed himself, and we all watched as he knelt down and began to pray. His lips moved quickly, and he pursed his eyes shut. A distant tumbling of rocks and the sound of someone impacting with soil caught our attention. At the bottom of the hill, a boy and girl scrambled out of the tree-line. 
The boy had hit the miniature version of crags introducing the decline to the forest. They were both trying to escape something. He clawed at the top and tried hoisting himself up the hillside, only getting caught in the flattened region while pebbles and clumps of dirt rebounding to the ground rewarded his hard work. The girl cowered by his side. 

It should have been night when we first saw the Belovore.  There should have been a mist dredging itself up from the soil or a swamp impossibly placed in the middle of the woods. But, as it stands – and from the way the creature stood – it made me think of a scorpion. 
Davion would classify it as a Belovore later, but for that moment we all thought of it as a monster. None of us had ever seen anything like it. Its first appearance was stepping around a tree trunk barely wider than it, scowling and pushing away the brush with the heels of its feet. The creature stood roughly six feet tall and bipedal. Its skin came in segments; plates of black with just a hint of red around the edges. I wouldn’t have called them scales or an exoskeleton, but armour. Two large, bulky legs propelled it forward, no toes. They attached to a hip that could have once been the inner workings of a codpiece displaying smooth craftsmanship. It had two sets of arms. The upper set was muscular, like the arms of bodybuilders, to a hand of spindly fingers. The second set was what reminded me of the front end of a scorpion. The two smaller arms wrapped around in thin poles to claws which locked together at the navel and belted across the creature’s waist – these were the chelimbs. When the creature turned, I could see its spine protruding from the skin. Its face was flat and nearly human. There, the blackened plates had a fresher, dark red sheen and came in smaller sizes to allow facial expression. The creature’s mouth arced downwards. Its eyes were pure white, dotted by cat’s eye slits. It had no hair. I could see why the young man and woman were terrified, as everything about the Belovore cried out that it meant to kill them. 
The boy was no more than twenty, thin, and his cheekbones jutted out from his face. His clothes hung loose around his body. The girl was taller than him, also thin, and had long brown hair that curled around the tips. It matted where sweat had stuck it to her shirt and neck. She was well-chested and her arms were a healthy size – easily matching her ovular face. The boy scrambled to his feet as she helped him up. 
Just then, they both looked up at us. 
My heart froze when I realized the creature’s eyes watched me – burned into me like nothing I’d ever felt before: we were the brief distraction interrupting its hunt.
My first reaction was to place my hands in the air and claim my innocence. 
A cracking sound registered, faintly, displaced by my own fear.
 The creature had moved his hand over his torso reflexively. Another rock tumbled to the ground. It jangled against the soil and a few other pieces of refuse as the creature kicked it aside. 
A small chip in the skin-armour revealed itself when the creature pulled away its hand. The kids scattered away, putting distance between them and the creature. 
The Belovore ignored them and kept its eyes on us as it neared the cliff-side of the hill. It scaled up the incline easily on all fours. I looked left as Annalise pulled back – she had a rock in her hand, looked at me, and smiled before launching it at the creature. At least she’d distracted the creature from the kids long enough for them to get away. It pierced the soil with its claws and climbed slowly. 
Annalise scrambled to pick up another rock. 
It crumbled partly in her hand as she flung it down the hill. 
Her knuckles were red from squeezing too hard. Her shoulders had tensed and it looked as if she couldn’t turn her head. She watched the creature with intent fixation. I watched the two teenagers hide. The boy pulled the girl past the first layer of trees, and they disappeared from my sight. 
Davion yelled: “Young woman, you cannot attempt to hurt a Belovore! Melanie, please help; stop her before she brings us to our deaths!”
Melanie didn’t listen. She’d taken Annalise’s cue and was looking for stuff to throw. She must have felt the landed escape pod was perfect, as she scrambled towards it and began pulling at the open bowl-shaped propulsion source at the end. She tore at the edge, afraid to touch the blue ribbons on the inside.
The next rock missed and Annalise swore.
 She turned around. Her hands stuck out from her side as if she’d forgotten something important, but she was only looking for a larger rock. Her eyes darted around us and then fixed on a boulder set in the soil, only a hump poking out. It was the size of a large ball, with rough corners stabbing out at random intervals around the curve. Her hands plunged into the soil and she clawed at the corners of the large stone. 
Davion, doing nothing but yelling, said something that confused me even more, a plea that I’ve never heard before: “If you have any faith in your own Lord, then allow mine to work through you. I am not afraid to finish what you are beginning, but I hope you gain the resolve to stop before it needs finishing!”
 Before long – less than a second or two after she’d begun digging – the boulder was loose. 
She smiled. 
She couldn’t lift it, but instead of asking for help, she knelt and rolled it to the hillside edge. 
The creature pounded into the dirt, climbing slowly. 
We had time to run, but it seemed I was the only one considering getting so far away that the creature couldn’t pursue. I felt the nerves in my arms jumping, urging me to tell everyone to run with a wide gesture. Again, fear held me back. Daniel popped into my mind. He asked, ‘How long had it been since you stood up for something? Maybe it was best you lost everything. You certainly aren’t fighting for it.’ 
Melanie continued to search for something more substantial than a rock. She fingered the edge of the pod until she found a line indicating a release catch in the canopy. The plate hadn’t fallen off; it had simply conjoined with the piece behind it. She dug her fingers into the slot and started to pry the lid off. When Annalise had pulled the boulder from the soil, Melanie released the catch to the cover. It slid off, whispering metallic. 
Annalise let the boulder fall. 
It caressed the hill, the way it fell. 
Life slowed. 
The Belovore continued climbing, not noticing it. 
Annalise watched, placing her hand over her mouth. 
The boulder connected with another rock embedded in the soil and bounced. The clack made a solid reverberation that stung my ears. The Belovore heard it and looked up. His eyes were now slits, and they focused on one, if not all of us. It stood. The incline made it look ready to charge, and it shook clumped dirt off its fists. 
The boulder aimed at its knees. However, it pulled out a hand and caught the stone. The Belovore was only sent back an inch or two. Its feet dug into the hillside. Streams of dirt scattered away. The Belovore rolled the boulder around him and let it continue sliding down. It scowled. Two flat-edged teeth bore from the corners of its mouth.
“Huh,” Annalise muttered. The boulder crashed into the trees and thumped against a large trunk. Something round and heavy flew past my sight. It flew like a Frisbee before I realized that it was the sheet Melanie had pulled off the pod. 
The Belovore tried to dodge the cone, but it flew too fast for the creature’s reflexes and landed on the its left chelimb. The arm snapped off like a crab’s claw. The crack reverberated up the hillside as the Belovore yowled, sounding like a dog singing to an out of tune cello. The creature’s chelimb dangled from a very loose thread-like tendon, and the other chelimb started to spasm as it dislodged and reached for the severed arm. 
I wanted to be stupid. I couldn’t help it – seeing all of them do something and knowing that I was too afraid to act forced my hand. I remembered thinking about my rage for Davion earlier, about how Davion could have been a better man to Daniel than I. I looked around and knew that everyone had been acting of their own accord, whether it was to save themselves or some complete stranger. 
What had I done? 
Was I really going to die like this, after running away like I had? 
The Belovore surveyed its broken chelimb and jerked it from the sinewy thread keeping it connected. It tossed it behind him and let it casually roll to a stop a metre away. In that same moment, I inched closer to the hillside. The decline was still just as terrifying, but something about the way the Belovore stood on it, defying logic, had skewed my perception. The thought only occurred halfway, ‘I still have time…’  
I slipped. 
“Stop!” shouted Annalise; I faintly heard her add: “what’s his name, again?” 
My gallant and noble show of strength had become a coordinated fall. 
I impacted with the Belovore headfirst. My skull connected with the creature’s chest plates and the ringing sent a shiver down my spine. My arms spasmed and shot outwards, wrapping around the Belovore’s torso. I’m sure there was pain, but when I think about it now, all I can remember is cold. Blunt, uncontrollable cold. My sight dulled and my hearing was nothing more than the ringing of a phone in the back of my head. The creature smelled of machine oil and rust. Its skin was hard to the touch, a fact my head had already discovered. 
Physics did the rest of the work. All I could really think was: Daniel was right. 

The Belovore tore at the ground and pushed me away with its remaining chelimb as we fell. It stabbed at my side with the remaining chelimb, and could have easily cut a rib had our tumbling not screwed with its aim. I could have sworn it had pierced my skin, but a look at my clothes later revealed it hadn’t even cut a thread. I had no control of my own movement until the Belovore pushed me loose. 
Grass and dirt caught in my mouth as I separated from him. I pulled my arms to my chest to cover my face with my hands. Everything changed in a second – the hillside was smacking into me with blunt force, and then suddenly, nothing. I was floating. 
I wondered what Annalise, Melanie or Davion saw. 
I must have looked ridiculous. Falling free down a hillside that had only scared me before because of its drop; acting like this was all part of my plan, because nothing else seemed to work. If Melanie believed I was here on vacation still, I could at least lie again and maintain that I was a hero. At the time, I had no considerations of dying, just pain. Lots of pain. I’m not proud that my miscalculation had been played off as deliberate, but it achieved the same results I’d originally hoped for. Good enough? 
The boy caught me by the shirt before I hit the tree, ripping the underarm of my sleeve. I heard the crack of something heavy against wood all the same - a sickening crunch that reminded me of someone cracking open the shell of a lobster or crab. Part of me wondered if it was the sound of my own body snapping against the trunk of one of the trees. I thought it was the sound of my arms or legs breaking. 
But what had happened was different than my body’d said. I’d hit the Belovore with the force of a cannonball. We rolled and he pushed me away. The boy and the girl had jumped out from the tree-line and raced after me. He caught up when we rolled over the miniature crag. When he’d caught me, I spiralled into the girl, knocking her over until I’d ended up in her lap. She smelled of sweat and lavender. With my eyes swimming back and forth, unable to focus, I had come to a controlled stop at the bottom of the hill. 
The boy helped me up, but I didn’t have the energy to stand. He pulled on my arm, and moved me enough to rest flat on the ground. The girl scooted away. I let my head fall into the sudden patch of grass beneath my head and closed my eyes. 
The young man yelled, “Be careful, go slowly!”
A few moments later, Annalise was by my side. The others continued a very slow climb down the decline. 
“What was that about?” Annalise asked. 
I opened my eyes. When I looked up, refusing to move my body – my legs were stiff and sore, my arms throbbed, and I was certain the top of my head had succumbed completely to a future of perpetual migraines – Melanie and Davion finished their crab step down the hill
It seemed Annalise had started coming down as soon as I’d started my tumble. “Were you trying to be an idiot?”
“It was all I could think to do,” I said. 
She started laughing. “It worked, I think. Hasn’t moved since it landed.”
 “You must have been the guy who brought a nuclear warhead to a water balloon fight, huh?” Melanie tried to add something in. She lowered herself over the crag, letting her stomach bundle over the edge until she pushed away and landed. 
Sitting up, I shook my head slowly and winked. Annalise dusted dirt and refuse off my shirt. 
For all they knew, I’d always fought back, and this was normal. 
I wasn’t going to correct them: it hurt my head to do so. 
The pain still sang a high G in my ears, which throbbed and pulsated behind my eyes. 
After Annalise forced me to stand and take a couple disjointed steps, we all stepped closer to the Belovore – the two kids joined us. The girl looked more interested in the beast; the boy stepped close. The Belovore had impacted against the tree hard enough that the second chelimb snapped off where it connected with the lower vertebrae. It lay horizontally on the ground. On closer look, the Belovore’s spine had also been crushed. Parts of the vertebrae sat nearby on the ground. Other, sharper, bits embedded in the trunk of the tree. And behind that, the tree itself had been dented. One stiff push could dislodge it completely. 
The Belovore’s eyes closed. Its arms were still, and its legs bent up behind its torso. 
While we stared at it, Davion hoisted the boulder Annalise had rolled down into his arms and walked up to us. He feigned that it was light, but the strain caused his neck to pulse and a vein atop his head – right where his hairline touched forehead – bulged. The vein was a deep blue, and the skin around it crimson.
“What do you think it wants?” Melanie asked. 
Annalise shot her a ‘really?’ expression, but didn’t say anything. 
“Will not be forgiven,” the Belovore whispered. The sound made us all jump. I don’t think any of us expected it to speak English, much less still be alive. “You will not –“
Melanie, behind me, pushed forward from behind even though I refused to budge. I felt her breasts pushing into me, and as a result felt how heavy her breathing had grown.
“What does that mean?” she whispered. 
Before I could answer, Davion skirted by and dropped the boulder on the Belovore’s head. Its skull cracked instantly, and a flow of something deep red poured out. 
Annalise shouted and Melanie nearly tripped, avoiding a large chunk of something I could have only guessed was brain. The kids looked more concerned with what had happened than with Davion having killed it. The girl’s eyes were red, and her cheeks the same. The boy struggled to breathe past the urge to vomit. Annalise folded her arms against her chest. I expected her to say something. 
I could have sworn I’d heard a guttural sibilant come from the Belovore. 
A ship penetrating the sky had chosen that moment to break atmosphere, sounding like another detonation screaming towards Sondranos. 








Chapter Five:
Introductions


The roar from the sky startled us all. 
The sound was the sonic boom of a ship crashing through the atmosphere. We all turned towards it. It descended from the apex of the sky; we followed its controlled fall in our semi-sanctuary between the hillside and the makeshift woods. Far enough away so that we weren’t in immediate danger, but big enough to carry at least a million passengers. A dark black cloud lingered on the skyscape, pinpointing the former city. The ship plunged through, shoving all cloud wisps aside. Flames and red-hot singes stressed the bottom of the ship as it moved downwards. It slowed halfway between the ground and the apex of the sky. The ship strained against gravity, and four large thrusters spat out blue flame to keep steady. The silver hull glistened in the sun. The shape reminded me of something old, like the rotting arm of a rocking chair. Large steel struts and beams connected and crossed to form the exterior shell, and nooks and crannies – which must have been as wide as the transport I’d come in on – dotted the surface. 
 Hundreds of darts poured out like gnats bursting from its exoskeleton. None of them started towards the ground as the strafing darts had. Instead, they patrolled around the ship. 
When it disappeared behind the trees – the engines still roaring and thumping – we all looked at each other, then to Davion. He nodded, knelt and looked down. None of us knew how to react. Melanie bowed her head and closed her eyes, breathing deep. I wondered if that was still her attempt at keeping in his good graces. Annalise and I bowed as well, but looked at each other from the corners of our eyes. The two kids held close together. 
“A Belovore. The exoskeleton is clear enough. They darken with age. That one must have been three, possibly four hundred years old,” Davion began. He was too calm for this to be a surprise. 
“They have ships?” Melanie asked.
“No. They have ours,” Davion sighed. “The Irene was the colony ship which landed here. Admiral Perry retrofitted it for them back when they first initiated the will for space travel. I would be willing to place a great deal of faith that the ship we just saw is her. The Belovores are a slow species, methodical and precise. They must have never seen the need to expand or create more than what they’d already had. What we’d given them.”
“How could they do this?”
“Think, Melanie. You’ve lived your entire life on this settlement and never heard of a Belovore before today,” Davion rasped. “How many generations have passed since Sondranos was colonized?”
“You knew the moment you saw the darts,” Annalise said.
“Yes. Who would have the want to destroy Sondranos, and who would be using such outdated technology? I had been praying things would have been different.”
“I guess your God doesn’t answer all prayers,” Annalise said. 
“I don’t understand,” Melanie interrupted. 
I added my own thought: “What do the Belovores have against Sondranos?” 
“History, young man,” Davion chided me.  “We are always victims of our past. When the attacks begin, simply look to the eldest of your enemies.” 
“You seem to be awfully informative all of a sudden. Did you expect this?” I asked. My jealous anger towards him had returned. Behind it was a curtain reminding me that I hadn’t been brave enough – good enough – to be the leader of our little group. 
“Young man,” Davion started, looking at me cock-eyed. 
“I mean, I don’t want to insult you, but it’s rather convenient that you’ve come to this conclusion so quickly, and just so happen to know…”
“Answer him,” said Annalise, interrupting me before I could say something I wouldn’t be able to take back. “Did you?” 
“Davion,” Melanie inched forward. “What’s going on?”
“Do you think I’m not terrified?” Davion broke. I hadn’t realized how hard we’d been pushing. The will to force him into something lesser than myself had been uncontrolled and unnoticed until Davion spat these words back at me, as if I was the only one pushing him for answers. “Do you think I haven’t been repeating every prayer I know since this happened? What kind of man do you think I am – what kind of man are you to say that my silence, my will to get us to a safe place implied complicity with what has happened? Damn you, sir – for you shall be damned! I am a student of the past. I have lived in Sondranos and on the outside; I have made choices to study the world that we have come from. How dare you accuse my life choices of being anything less than my attempts at bettering myself!”
“I don’t think he meant it like that,” Annalise stepped between us. “Like he said, it’s just – it is a bit convenient that you had ideas of who attacked before any of us.”
“If you had never read the Strange Case of Jekyll and Hyde, would you accuse me of murder for knowing that Hyde is the manifestation of Jekyll’s evil?”
I held my tongue. Davion breathed hard. His ire had been raised, that much was certain. One point had become clear – he might have had answers to a small portion of the puzzle, but our combined fear had elevated those pieces into something larger than all of us. I decided to drop the subject, offering my surrender by backing up a few steps and apologising. My knees throbbed under each placement. 
After a moment, Davion continued. “Come, let us move to towards the commune, I will tell you of the first years of the Irene. Perhaps you will understand as I do.”
“About that,” Annalise stopped Davion, putting a hand on his shoulder before he could walk past. “This neighbourhood beyond the woods – it’s where I was headed before this happened. We can hide out there.”
“No!” Davion turned on her, still sensitive. “I will not allow more to die.” 
“I’m not saying we not go to the commune. I have something in my garage that can get us out of here quicker.”
Melanie said, quickly, “I’m all for that.”
I agreed, nodding and looking at Davion for approval. He took a moment. He scuffed at the ground with his shoes and looked at the Belovore with its head crushed in. He sighed and then said, “If the Lord wills it.”
“I’m Lancaster, and this is Kayt,” the young man appeared from behind us, poking his head out of the trees. We all looked around, embarrassed. In the argument, we’d completely forgotten about them both. He escorted Kayt out from the trees, took her hand, and she startled at the gesture. She pulled away from the hold and scratched her neck. Lancaster’s voice trembled, on the edge of tears. “Do any of you mind if we join you? We kind of don’t have anywhere else to go.”
“The flock can always be expanded,” Davion said. He pointed this to Annalise as if to turn her suggestion into his own; whoever we found in the neighbourhood would be saved on his terms, his tone said. The boy sighed, and the girl nicked him in the side with her elbow, pulling the side of her lips upwards in an ‘I told you so’ look. 
“Hello Lancaster. Call me Lise. This is Melanie and Davion,” Annalise extended her hand, but looked at me as Lancaster entered the group to take it. “I don’t know this man’s name, but I’m sure he’ll jump headfirst into introducing himself.”
I was taken aback. 
Had I really not introduced myself? 
I watched Annalise and tried to gauge her response. Her expression hadn’t changed. She was serious. I stammered, unable to speak. 
‘This is what you do,’ imaginary Daniel said. 

The rain falls and keeps coming until the roads are slick enough with engine grease and synthetic fuel that the number six bus careens off the road and into the entranceway to Turner House, just off Princes Street. The bedroom Leon rents when coming to visit Daniel is on the top floor. When the sandstone and concrete foundation cracks and lets the building come crashing down, nothing Leon owns in that room comes out salvageable. 
When he tells Daniel about technically losing his job, fury comes to the forefront. It’s been four months since Casey Hayes; three since Leon’s flat was destroyed. Leon has previously told Daniel none of this out of fear of change. Anger, confusion, all of these things are based on how long it took Leon to say something. Yet the justification remains: when he thinks of it, he remembers all the ones who’d come before who’d fly away based on the smallest of changes. Leon doesn’t want this, he truly loves Daniel. He can’t risk it. 
However, tonight, Leon has explained everything. It would have become too hard to hide. Daniel’s eyes shrink into a what-is-wrong-with-you glare; his lips tighten as he keeps his thoughts at bay. Leon knows that Daniel is angry with him and not the news of his job or his destroyed flat. 
“Did you not fight back?” Daniel paces around the room. His questions begin to sound like blame. Leon knows something else – something unspoken – fuels the conversation. This is the unspoken thing that has destroyed all the previous relationships; the monster behind all the arguments and dissatisfactions. 
Leon answers, “What was there to fight back against?”
Daniel stops when Manny, the first terrier of two, rushes up to him wagging his tail back and forth like windshield wipers trying to calm a storm. Coto sits beside Leon, offering what little comfort he can by cradling his head on Leon’s leg. Every now and then he remembers to scratch the terrier behind the ears, but it’s hard enough trying to make sense of the thoughts rushing through his brain to keep the motion steady. The dog crooks his head to the side whenever the rubbing abates. 
For the moment, Leon can still see his classroom and Casey. In the moment, he can’t remember anything about that day but her. The girl with the phoenix wrist, the lecture about A.A.M. Gen Literature - nothing remains but her. Leon remembers a quote his grandfather once said about blinking, and how, no matter how fast life can move, the worst moments of life imprint on the back of your eyelids, and blinking is God’s way of grounding us in reality. ‘That really happened,’ it says. 
Leon blinks his frustration with himself off. Daniel takes a deep breath and looks away, towards the television bolted to the wall. 
“Why haven’t you told me any of this until now?”
“I don’t know.”
“It’s been more than long enough for you to say something – how much of the last few months have you been faking?”
“None. I just didn’t know what to tell you. I had money saved up. I thought I could rebuild it all, or find a better place.”
“You didn’t deserve it anyway,” Daniel says, stopping by the television long enough to catch his reflection – he turns away from the sight. Leon’s heart thumps loud enough to sound like bass coming from the flat upstairs.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I mean, you aren’t good enough at what you do to keep that kind of position. You would have lost it eventually.” His eyes bore through Leon. 
“Is that what you really think?” 
“What do you think?” Daniel asks. 
Leon pauses.
“Damn it, Leon. If you really take pause at that, then I don’t know what to tell you anymore.” 
He looks away from Daniel and steels his nerves. 
“I know you more than you know yourself, Leon,” Daniel says. “Listen to me. You don’t deserve a comfortable job, you don’t deserve a happy relationship, you don’t deserve any of that.” 
Leon says nothing. He can sense the nerves in Daniel’s voice fraying. “Damn it, Leon. I’m trying to get a rise out of you. Wake up!”
“I don’t understand,” Leon says. He does understand, he just doesn’t want to. 
“I know you care about that job… sometimes you care more about those stories than me, and that’s fine – I knew what I was getting into. But did it ever occur to you that you’re allowed to stand up for yourself once and awhile? If you love me, why are you letting me say these things? You’d defend me in a heartbeat, so why not something you love more than me?”
Leon lets more silence answer. Daniel scoops Manny from his spot near his feet and falls into the chair next to him. He pulls his weight to the left so that he doesn’t end up lying against Leon in the process. Coto wakes up and licks at Leon’s fingers, silently saying ‘don’t stop scratching’. 
“I love you, Leon. You know that. But you’re going on about these things like they’re the end of the world. That wouldn’t be a problem except, I mean lately, you fall behind and let things continue to happen. Professor Arthur Leontes Bishop doesn’t just let his life fall apart, does he? Is he really that passive?”
The only response Leon can muster is: “I’m not the same Professor.”
Daniel slumps in the seat an arm’s length away. Manny crawls over Daniel’s lap, joins Coto, and watches Leon. “Well, it’s just a big old pity party, isn’t it?”
Leon ignores this. He can feel a familiar kind of anger growing beneath his chest, and he wants to find something to calm the acid bubbling in his stomach. He doesn’t want to be here. The worst part is that Leon doesn’t really care about the flat right now. It was almost there. The realization that would have kept Leon where he is. But the past is simply too strong. It holds a firm grasp on his fears, and holds his tongue.
“I think you might need to take some time to yourself. Get some fresh air and learn to recognize what really matters to you,” Daniel says.
Leon nods and smiles. “I better go,” he said. Daniel clicks his tongue and looks away. Coto shoots him an insulted glare. “I’ll call you tomorrow.”
When Leon leaves, he’s still not sure what’s happened. 
He climbs into the cab of his Mini and jerks on the seatbelt, letting it slide around his waist and fasten. He wishes for the time when they were manual and weren’t connected to the engine’s wiring. He clicks the ignition. At first the engine doesn’t start, so he clicks it again and again  until it growls to life. The electric system engages and power is restored to the cabin. His hands shake as he grips the wheel with one hand and plugs in his destination on the dash computer. 
He pulls out of Daniel’s driveway and starts towards the A8, towards Glasgow. His eyes are partly glossed over. A blinded hand turns on the radio, but Leon doesn’t hear any music. And when Leon wonders whether or not leaving would be a good idea, the voice speaks up. Fuelling the voice is everything that Leon has pushed back into his mind for the past few months: His fears that he would fail Daniel on a more cosmic level than he could handle; terror that he’s going to pass into obscurity and that all his students will forget he’s existed. On Sondranos, it will turn into a mimicry of Daniel’s voice. For now, it’s bland and toneless. It doesn’t take long for the voice to convince Leon that leaving as fast as possible is the best and only option. 
‘You’ve never been good enough,” it says. 

Everyone was looking at me. I forced a smile and flattened down my hair before locking both hands behind my head. Annalise winked. Melanie watched me expectantly. Lancaster tried to hold Kayt’s hand again, but she moved before he could touch her. A couple tears fell from the corners of her eyes. I could see the effort in keeping the smile force its way through. My name. My mind jumped to how easy it was to lie to Melanie in the cellar.
“Leon Bishop,” I waved at everyone. 







Chapter Six:
Trifles and Time


The first Belovore to establish contact with the human settlers was named Velric. This was what Davion told us as we made our way through the woods. The trees grew thinner the further we walked. A couple trunks here and there were wide and peeling with rotting bark and mould, but most took on the impression of having been planted to replace other trees in very recent history. Nobody voiced the fear that more Belovores might be in the woods. 
Velric, Davion continued explicating, was a child in Belovore years, only about fifty. Admiral Perry, as captain of the Irene, had no idea the Belovores even existed – nobody did. So when they were forced to land on Sondranos, what they found was a complete surprise. 

Admiral Perry sits in the command chair centred on the bridge. He adjusts his weight in his seat, stifling a tickle in the back of his throat. 
Ahead, the console still shows the surrounding image of the crater. They’d landed a few moments earlier, and while the systems began their shutdown, Perry views the external cameras in privacy. He doesn’t know what to tell his crew. Instead, he brings it up on the main screen. The image crystallizes and Perry can see the first pictures of the settlement. They look much like the images the probe sent, but clearer, undistorted. A camp is strewn about the interior of the crater, touching a great deal of the central mass. Buildings no more than three or four stories high – including raised ceilings, Perry oddly considers – pop out of the ground. They come in three colours: brown, grey, and a mixture of the two. The streets are wide, but Perry can see no vehicles of any sort. He’s sure the atmospheric break terrified the creatures living on the surface.  He hopes they haven’t gone immediately on the defensive. 
He looks back down to his private console, where he’s frozen the image on a satellite snapshot of the creatures. Still slightly blurry, he can tell his crew won’t easily be comfortable around them. The claws that wrapped around their waists send shivers down his spine. How they walk bi-pedal, yet interact as if they’d only recently learned to stand unnerves him. He knows they don’t speak English, so deeply rooted in his list is wondering how he’s going to communicate with them. The lives of five thousand colonists and a ship’s crew of hundreds depend on him. Settlement 257-C didn’t have the luxury of choosing where it landed anymore, not since they passed the rim of trade space. Not since they’d lost nearly all their resources when an electrical accident burned half their stores. The Irene, named after one of the first CEOs of International Aeronautics, would have to make do where she landed. 
“Let’s meet the neighbours,” he mumbles and stands. He flattens his uniform down to look presentable, and travels to the lift. After travelling down a dozen decks and skirting the engine room, Perry stops at the disembarkation area. It’s still on lockdown, a handful of guards with plasma rifles holding steady at the door. They all stand aside when they see him coming. A technician standing near the release console watches him carefully. 
A security window shows Perry that a dozen or more have swarmed around the ship. They don’t appear hostile, but curious. He stands before the hatch and takes a deep breath before waving to the technician. The tech shakes his head and switches a lever, which opens the door. 
Instantly, the smell of heat and biofuel fill his sinuses. A metallic breeze wafts into the ship as the first creature makes its appearance. It smiles. At least, Perry thinks it’s a smile. It opens its arms, all four of them, and kneels to the ground. It rests its upper arms on the foot of the hatchway. The two lower arms – Perry feels uneasy at their thinness, the way the pincers at the end open and close as if they have a mind of their own – stick up in the air. The creature drops its two bottom arms and looks up. Perry can see the plates all over its body. At first he thought it was a form of clothing, but now can see that the plates are just extrusions of the skin. Each one is surrounded by a seam where the skin has hardened into its genetically given shape. The colour is soft and red, while the plates are closer to crimson. 
“Choko-sigurat,” it says. The sounds are guttural, and Perry doubts – for a moment – that the creature is speaking. It stands.  “Na dajenko. Belovore-ah.”
“What is it doing?” Perry asks, fully aware that the sentries wouldn’t hear him. 
The creature scans the interior of the ship, and extends a hand to the wall. It looks at Perry, not touching anything. 
“Na?”
Perry cocks his head to the side. The creature pretends to touch the wall, to caress it. It repeats the word. Perry opens his mouth and nods. “Na,” he attempts the word. It comes out – as he thinks – sounding like an American attempting a British accent. Which is to say it sounds nothing like the guttural mimicry he’d hoped. The creature bows and looks to the wall. It steps further into the hatch and touches the surface. Perry winces at its skin scraping against the sheet metal. The sound is like running nails across a table-top. He watches as the creature continues stroking the wall. 
“Looks like they’re more interested in our ship than us,” Russell, his second in command, jokes, nearly scaring the life out of him as he comes up from behind. 
Perry smiles. “I think you might be right.” 
He steps forward and stands next to the creature. It looks at him and puts out a hand. Perry extends his own to waist level expecting a handshake. The creature grunts twice, places a hand on its chest and turns to Perry. It sticks out one of the lower arms, opening the claw at the end. Perry, startled, begins to withdraw his hand, but freezes. Russell eyes the Admiral, sliding a hand to the gun on his side. Perry is distracted by this moment, so doesn’t pull his hand back. However, he reasons, if the creature wanted to hurt him, then they wouldn’t be having this moment. Perry puts his hand near the claw and waits. Everything his Mom had ever told him about playing with lobsters or crabs on the beach returns in this moment. He imagines his fingers snapped off or crushed.
The claw closes, and the creature sets it in Admiral Perry’s palm. The pincers are warm to the touch and feel soft, near to brittle. He closes his hand around it, but doesn’t shake. The creature nods. Admiral Perry hopes that his settlement has a chance now, and that his choice to land early hasn’t killed them all. 
“Welcome home,” Russell says. 
“I believe the phrase you’re looking for is ‘powder keg’,” Perry responds. 
“I’ll start breaking out the wine.”

“There was no reason for what would come,” Davion said. His sudden break from describing the landing of the original colony ship jarred us as a transition. By then, we were halfway through the woods. “But you can see how I’d hoped it wasn’t them. Perry was peaceful; he never had any ill will towards the Belovores. He wanted it to work out.”
“As a colony ship, they were just looking for a home,” Lancaster piped in. He’d grown a tad more comfortable in the group. Kayt had not, remaining vacant and distant. 
“How would you know that?” Davion asked. 
“Well, if you were a colony ship, wouldn’t you? Just following your own logic,” he mumbled the rest of his sentence away. 
“I read about them when I was just a boy,” Davion said. “Back at the commune we had dozens of books on the colonization, but only one had been written for a child of my age to understand. I was grateful for it. I thought it was fiction. The book had been available for all to see, but very few cared. You see, the Primary Divinity cares mostly about the future we’ve earned, not the past, if we are to be forgiven for the sins of our parents.”
“So why did you read it?” I asked. I pulled back a leafy branch and Melanie and Kayt slid past it, while Lancaster did the same for Annalise. 
“Because I wasn’t afraid of its contents. Fiction has a great deal of impact upon its reader when it tells the right story.”
“He means it wasn’t a dry textbook,” I whispered to Kayt. She smirked. 
“But it was all a mistake,” Davion started. 
Davion stopped. “Let’s stop for a moment. Rest our knees.”
He’d noticed a small undercurrent of fallen brush leading to the first open area barren of life, though having an implied feeling that people used to come here often. Two thick logs had been set across from each other. Neither one of them belonged in the setting, as they’d been fashioned into benches. They sat at a ninety degree angle to each other. False rotting had been painted onto the wood. Davion tested the first one, pushing his robes out beneath his backside and lowering himself onto it. It bent – I suddenly recalled Melanie sitting on the Blanc de Noirs cask – and paint chips crackled off. 
In the centre of the angle was a hollowed out campfire surrounded by pearlescent pebbles and logs stacked in a pyramid.	
Melanie sat next to Davion; Annalise sat on the other bench, followed by the kids on the far end of one, and then I sat next to Annalise. None of us mentioned how the place resembled a campground, or how the deliberate placing of the logs made us think of the places boy scouts used to go when they wanted to pretend to be woodsmen. With the neighbourhoods nearby, I suspected Annalise could have confirmed that the local troop used the area for their ghost stories, marshmallow roasting, or singing. But the less I referred to normal life, the better.   
“I’m fucking starving,” Lancaster said. He tried to lock eyes with Kayt. She’d responded with a distant glare and scooted closer to me. 
“I could do without the coarse language, young man,” Davion said. 
“Oh,” Lancaster said. “I’m sorry, Dad. Should I put a coin in the jar?”
“We’re all hungry,” Annalise spoke over the boy. 
Davion ignored her attempt at pacification. “You accomplish less than you desire when you feel the need to integrate foul words into your dialect. A simple ‘I’m starving’ achieves more than I’m sure you’re used to.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Lancaster stood. His hands tensed. 
Kayt grabbed him by the arm and pulled him down.	“Just be quiet,” she rasped. 
“It’s clear everyone is a bit touchy right now. Talking sometimes helps,” I said. A flash of recognition made me realize that I’d done to Davion moments ago what Lancaster was doing now. I’d reacted out of anger and distrust, and even earlier than that, allowed hatred to well up inside. All because I was avoiding a certain subject. It all seemed so trivial watching it happen from another perspective. 
“All we’ve been doing is talking,” Lancaster interrupted. 
“Lancaster,” Kayt’s voice was stronger this time, louder. “Stop pretending to be something you aren’t and shut up. Just because I said you were too nice doesn’t mean you have to start being an ass. It doesn’t impress anyone.”
Lancaster turned to her and grimaced. He scowled at Davion. “Doesn’t she get a lecture? She just called me an ass and you’re sitting there acting like she can do no wrong.”
“Few can do wrong when they speak the truth,” Davion said.
Lancaster huffed and sat back down. He leaned forward and, much like Melanie had when I’d dragged her down into the wine cellar, cupped his face in his hands. He sniffed a couple times, then leaned back up. His eyes were redder than before. Kayt touched him on the back and patted him as a friend would. The rapport between them wouldn’t stay quiet for long. It had already begun bleeding into the situation. 
Annalise turned to me, widened her eyes and mouthed ‘wow’ before winking and looking out at the group again. She leaned in close to me and rested her head on my shoulder, whispering: “If I fall asleep, don’t wake me.” She closed her eyes. It felt good to have someone touching me like Daniel would have. 
“Davion,” Melanie said. “When we get to the commune, who will be there?”
“Is that the question you wanted to ask?”
“Of course it is, that’s why I asked it.”
“Do you not mean to ask if we will see your father when we arrive?”
She paused. “Will we?” 	
“I wish I could give you an answer,” Davion frowned. “The Lord knows you deserve one. But all I can tell you is that some answers come in the form of actions – whether or not you will ever see your father again is up to fate. Divine guidance. Perhaps you might not ever see him again; perhaps you will.”
Melanie took this as a challenge. “The last place he went was the commune,” she said, partly smiling, partly sneering. “We’re heading there now. I think that’s about as guiding as you can get.”
“You are always so persistent. You do not have faith in the Lord you worship, as I have been trying to tell you for years,” Davion finished, shaking his head. He didn’t need to add the last bit, but I could tell he’d wanted to. He’d said it in the way some people have to add a provocative ‘I told you so’ to the end of their last statement. 
Melanie didn’t take this well. Her voice raised an octave. “Trying to tell me? You call giving me the run around ‘trying to tell me’?” 
“Is nobody going to mention Sondranos?” Kayt interrupted. Melanie was silent and looked at the newcomer as if she’d been slapped. 
“We can do nothing by discussing an event that we can’t change,” Davion said. 
Melanie said, “Don’t dwell. We need to keep clear heads.”
“Don’t you people have any emotion?” Kayt asked. 
“A little dramatic, are we?” Melanie shot back. 
“Stop,” I said. Annalise adjusted her head on my shoulder as I spoke, moving so that her ear wasn’t placed directly on my body. “We all have something we were coming from. Lancaster, Kayt – where were you headed?”
They took a moment, looked at each other, and paused before saying anything. 
Kayt spoke first. “I was moving across the city to live with my fiancée in Metro Sondranos.”
“I was driving her,” Lancaster added. His lips had turned into a frown. His large, sad eyes contradicted the way he’d been acting before. Defeated was the first word that had come to mind. In that moment, I couldn’t imagine him trying to stand up against anyone. 
Annalise perked up. “Driving her? From here to Metro? That’s a six hour drive, clear across the city!”
“We didn’t start from this area,” Lancaster said. He was proud of this. “We started further away. I had to pick her up. My parents live in the suburbs about two or three miles from here. We were heading in that direction.”
Annalise smirked, bit her lip, and rested her head back down. “You could never convince me to do something like that,” she whispered. 
“What about you?” Kayt asked me. 
“I came here on vacation,” I lied. It was easier that time than it was with Melanie. I could feel the lie growing through my teeth, rotting in my gums to make the roots hurt. “My boyfriend and I were supposed to come together, but he couldn’t make it on the day we needed to leave – we’d already paid. It was an all-expenses thing, actually. He was going to come in a few days, once his vacation days kicked in.”
“Boyfriend?” Kayt asked. She seemed taken aback. “You’re…?”
The question put a pause in the atmosphere. None of us wanted to be quiet, but we felt like we should – like someone had begun praying again. Only this time the prayer was to an eggplant, pointless and inefficient. I offered a placating smile. It had been a long time since someone wordlessly questioned by lifestyle, so the action came with a sting reminding me from where I came.
“Let me ask you something, Kayt,” Annalise didn’t pick up her head, or open her eyes. It made her look like she was sleep-talking. “Does Leon being gay change that he saved your life earlier? Are you just a little dead inside just because of it?” 
“N-N-No,” Kayt stammered. 
“Then it’s not something that will affect you,” she said. 
“I’m sorry; I didn’t mean anything by it.”
Lancaster chuckled, and Kayt elbowed him in the ribs. He grunted at the blunt force, and corrected himself. “She’s right. Kayt’s never really judged people like that.”
“Just like nobody would dare judge someone who’d spent time in a maximum security prison,” Annalise said, the phrase hitting both Davion and Melanie in the chest. 
There was another pause. This time, it was pregnant with anticipation. You can feel out pauses by what kind of information is begging to be known. This one focused on Annalise, who held her tongue. With Annalise’s head on my shoulder, I could feel a tremor of awkward laughter wanting to escape. Davion and Melanie watched with anticipation from their own log, as if they were watching a program play out on screen before them. Annalise finally broke the silence by laughing. It was a healthy laugh, quiet but relieving all the same. She let her head fall from my shoulder and into my lap. Kayt’s cheeks turned red. The rest of the conversation went unspoken. Kayt apologized by grimacing, and I waved it away with a smile.
“You spent time in prison?” Lancaster asked. His demeanour had changed. He leaned forward and opened his eyes wide. 
“Yes – Beaumaris Correctional Facility,” Annalise offered. She said it strongly, and with enough confidence that it made everyone in the group afraid to ask more. 
“If you will excuse me,” Davion stood and brushed off the front of his robes – they’d begun to wear and brighten in shade, the blues and gold turning into sky and yellow. “I am going to find a suitable place to relieve myself.”
“You have our permission,” Annalise joked. She sat up straight, giving up on closing her eyes for rest. Davion held himself for a moment, and then bowed, smiling sheepishly. Annalise then smiled, adding: “If you can find a tree, use it.” 
After Davion stalked off, we listened to the brush cracking and snapping until it was far enough away that we were certain he was out of earshot. 
I grabbed at the attention of the group, opening my mouth and taking a deep breath. “This has been bothering me. You’d think he’d jump at a chance to offer redemption, not condemn people for their past - what religion does he follow, and what is the name of this commune we’re going to?”
Melanie leaned forward, whispering as well. “The MacKinnon Commune of the Primary Divinity – it’s a branch of Catholicism that has literally little to nothing to do with Catholicism anymore. They split maybe three or so hundred years ago to follow something more similar to Buddhism – the spirit and all that. Not like the Church of L.I.A.M., which would hunt you down for even insinuating there are other religions. They respect that we all have gods, or a God. To shove their god into someone else’s life is considered an insult.”
“So, you’ve been to the commune before?” Kayt asked. 
“You need written permission from an authorized priest, or to be accompanied by one to get in. So, no,” she frowned. “I’ve just been around him a lot lately.”
“You’re of his faith, too?” asked Annalise.
 “No, Lise. I’m more of an atheist. Don’t have time to put my life in the hands of something I’ve never seen,” Melanie shook her head. “But if you’re wondering, I think I know why he’s insistent on going to the commune. He honestly believes this is a spiritual journey we have all undertaken, whether we’ve decided consciously or not. I don’t know, it feels like he’s trying to make up for something. He and I were talking about this earlier on the road out of town.”
“What about your mission to find your father?” I asked. 
“Davion said ‘every mission comes with an unexpected journey to self-discovery.’” Melanie said. “He said this was always the path I was supposed to take, and now he keeps any information about my father more secret than before.”
Annalise sighed. “Ah, faith.”
It seemed, for as long as we were hiding in the tree farm a good distance away from the suburban sprawl, like we were going to be fine. When Davion returned, we all welcomed him back before starting up a new conversation about when and how to leave. Most of it was about fear. The rest was about hope. None of it was memorable. 

We started out thirty minutes later. Lancaster had mentioned, again, how hungry he was – omitting the curse and looking to Davion for approval. He’d also tried to get into Kayt’s good graces again, making it obvious to all of us that he was trying to win her affections.  
Our group had become almost unwieldy. There were six of us all together, and I felt like I could only handle two or three at a time. Davion also looked less than enthused about the numbers, except I could bet he wanted more. Melanie, Lancaster and Davion took up the front while the rest of us followed. 
“I’m sorry about earlier,” Kayt said. I could feel her will to add herself into the apology. 
“No worries. How long has Lancaster been in love with you?”
Kayt stumbled. 
“It was pretty obvious,” mumbled Annalise. 
“He’s going to be jealous, you know. He already kind of is,” Kayt said. 
“How do you mean?”
“I told him he was too nice before Sondranos was attacked, before the cars and everything stopped working. He didn’t take it too well. His initial swearing was an attempt at sounding masculine. When Davion called him out, he thought he’d be able to use it to stand up for himself – I guess nobody ever taught him what was worth standing up for. He was jealous that someone acted stronger than he could.”
“Fancy analysis coming from a sheltered girl,” Annalise said. Kayt went on, explaining what I already noticed. Platonic friendship, and all. 
“My point is: if he says or does something stupid, it’s my fault,” Kayt concluded.
“Your fault?”
This is what she told us, and I can only now assume it was her Present Moment: 

A beat-up Sondranos-87 cruises down the road. Magnetic locks whine below the car, holding on as they direct the vehicle to the checkpoint – where the driver will then plug in the next course. Two passengers, Lancaster and Kayt stare out the front, watching the city grow as they crest the first hill on their journey.
Lancaster sits back, one hand resting against the steering wheel while the other balances on the parking brake. He occasionally grazes the edge of a small sheet of white paper that tells him what checkpoints to use. He quietly pushes down another pre-programmed map route, which gives him a route that will add two hours to their journey – feigning traffic, Lancaster has long memorized the new directions. Kayt flips through Lancaster’s collection of music.
“Do you have anything classic?” she asks, when she flipping past a quartet of discs labelled in green pen.
“No. I have a sat-radio in the trunk though. My Dad was supposed to install it,” he answers. “May be able to pick up Transistor Radio.”
“Never mind,” she shrugs, and sets the music discs down below her seat. Kayt ties her hair back and strips off her shoes. She sets her bare feet on the dashboard. The heavy Sondranos sun is starting to warm up the morning. Ahead of them, the city glistens and beckons them forward. Kayt imagines them reaching their destination. She clears her throat in a single, distinctly un-feminine cough. “Got to clear the throat for all the moaning later, right?”
“That was sexy,” Lancaster says. 
“Sorry?” she responds. 
“I expected you to be a bit classier. Especially given the circumstances.”
“It’s a joke – I’m nervous. I deserve the right to make inappropriate jokes with my best friend for a while.”
Lancaster sighs; Kayt smiles.
 “This is amazing,” she starts, “All you are doing for me. Not too many people would drive across the city just to help me out.”
“It’s nothing,” Lancaster says. “I’d do anything to help you.”
“It’s not nothing,” Kayt scoffs. “You’re too nice to me. A girl could get used to it.”
“I really wish you’d stop saying that.”
“Why?”
“You’ve said it yourself; guys who are too nice just don’t appeal to you.”
Kayt studies his response. When he’d picked her up just a half hour earlier, he was happy, exuberant. Now, he reflects nothing but sadness and a hint of hostility. It clicks in her mind. “What’s your problem?”
“Nothing, I’m just tired.”
“It’s because of him, isn’t it?”
“I don’t want to hear about your fiancé, or about how much you love him, okay? That stuff gets boring after the millionth conversation. I’m sorry. I just don’t want to hear it.”
Kayt holds her tongue. She shifts again and watches him for a moment. She staggers her words, slow and careful. “I was referring to our discussion about my Dad’s whiskey party. You yawned during it, remember? You said you were tired when I called you on it. I wasn’t referring to my fiancé. You’re only doing this because you still expect to win me, aren’t you?”
“No, don’t be ridiculous.”
“Of course you are,” Kayt sighs and sets her head back on the rest. “I knew I shouldn’t have asked you. I thought you were over me. We’re just friends, Lancaster. You’re my best friend. Or, that’s what I want you to be. And that’s all I want from you – you’re the best friend I’ve ever had.”
“I know,” he interrupts her before she can continue. “We’ve had this conversation a dozen times.”
“Including last night. You may have offered to drive, but you didn’t listen to me, did you?”
“I did.”
“You substituted your own reality, though. All that talk about you saying you were over me, that it was just a phase, and that I shouldn’t feel intimidated or like I should be expecting something – how much of that was a ploy?”
“You really don’t have any faith in me do you?”
“No, Lancaster. This isn’t the first time you’ve lied to me to get something.”
“I didn’t need to lie, Kayt,” this is the hostility she had felt coming to light. “That was five years ago. And you slept with me because you wanted to. You even said I was too nice to date then, but you haven’t really given me a chance, have you?”
Kayt can feel the anger boiling in her gut. “Because when you act like this, when you actually think doing something to help me will completely change our history, I can’t help but question what your intentions were in the first place. I know who you really are, Lancaster, and the prick you’re acting like now isn’t him.”
“What does ‘too nice’ even mean?”
“You aren’t that guy,” she stumbles for a second. Something kicks beneath the floorboards of the car, and she loses track of what she’s thinking. Lancaster hits the steering wheel. Kayt questions why he hits it again, but then feels the deceleration kick in. The car slows to a stop, and the engine dies. Lancaster curses and starts fumbling with the checkpoint receiver on the dash – it’s gone black. He taps the power button. Nothing happens. He holds it, hoping it will reset, then clicks it over a dozen times rapidly. Nothing.
“Look,” Lancaster says. He occupies his hands with the car. “I’m sorry – I still think we have a chance. You know I love you as my best friend, but I want more, Kayt.”
“And I’ve told you before – I don’t want to be responsible for giving you what you’re looking for. That’s not something I can do.”
Lancaster starts to speak, but his words fall short when they hear the explosions in the distance. A few minutes later, Sondranos city is gone, and Kayt and Lancaster are running towards his parent’s house, their conversation forgotten until they have a moment’s peace. The Belovore finds them just shy of the ending of the woods. 

Kayt finished telling us about the car ride and Annalise set her arm around the young girl’s shoulders. “It’s not your fault. Trust me. People think being a friend is a terrible thing when it comes to romance. Most don’t realize its friendship which drives the strongest kinds of romance - so they get angry or jealous.”
“What do I do?”
“Let him be mad. Let him be angry. But most of all: let him try. That way, if you still don’t love him, he can sit back and acknowledge that he tried and still wants to be your friend. If he sticks around after he’s had his little tantrums, you know he wants more from you than trying to get in your pants.”
“That was an option?”
Annalise looked at me, and I smiled. “It’s always an option to guys his age.”
Kayt shook her head. She’d been happy to take the chance to forget about Sondranos, but now the reality of the situation seeped back in. Her face resumed its solemnity; she thanked us for listening, and increased her step until she got to Lancaster. She’d lost a lot, but wasn’t quite ready to voice what it was. We all had. But none of us wore it on our features the same way she had. 
Lancaster had been following Davion. When she caught up with them, Melanie took point so Kayt could walk next to her friend. We didn’t mention the inconsistency in her story – that she’d still chosen to get in the car with him. We locked eyes and knew she’d been more comfortable in the car with Lancaster than with us. Annalise smiled. It was cute. The smile, Kayt and Lancaster’s adolescence, the uncomfortable notion that we used to be that way.  
 “Should we tell her?” I whispered. 
“No. Let them grow up, give them the advice that they want to hear, and when they’re old enough they’ll see what’s really worth worrying about,” Annalise said. “Let them have their trifles and time for as long as they can.”
Annalise trailed away and sped to the front of the pack. 
  Like most tree farms, the line of the woods ended as abruptly as it started. None of us realized how close we were until Davion slowed and bowed, extending his hand outwards as if to escort us out as Annalise jumped past. Melanie stopped short of the line while Lancaster led Kayt out – both looked around nervously. In front of us, with the distance of a very large field between, was her neighbourhood. 
“What we need is in the house just over there,” Annalise called out. “Single story, blue.”
Davion added: “It will be our salvation,” and crossed himself. 
Further, at the cusp of sight, nine or ten darts protruded out of the soil near the home closest to the edge of the suburb – ten down from Annalise’s. A sudden scream came from overhead and two more darts flew towards the others. Even from our distance, their actions were clear. 
They opened fire, flying fast at the ground. Kayt clung to Lancaster, and the rest of us watched.. The two darts simultaneously crashed and scraped against the ground, and a moment later we could see the faintest hint of red climbing out of each pod, heading towards the suburbs.








Chapter Seven:
Furtive Transportation


The Belovores had set up a blockade at the southern tip of the neighbourhood. I squinted to see them– eleven standing together. Their chelimbs were extended, claws connected to one another as the Belovores formed a circle around one of the landed pods. Each Belovore focused on it with rock-steady intent. They spoke with their larger hands as well as their mouths. I would learn later that Belovore language is part guttural, part movement. When a word doesn’t suffice for them, an action will. Sondranos learned that the hard way. 
After we secured a plan, Annalise trundled through the tall grass first. 
“Do we really want to go there?” Melanie asked. 
Davion followed. “We have survived thus far. We can make it further. Our Lords will provide for our safety, provided we keep the faith they’ve instilled.” 	
Kayt slid her hand into mine, gripped it, and we walked on. 
Her eyes locked on to me, but I knew she couldn’t have been any more distant. My hand was just another hand; however, I could feel Lancaster’s eyes burning through my back, as if I was next in line to be his competition. I guess he hadn’t been all there when Kayt started with the social faux-pas regarding my sexual orientation. Competition was still competition. 
Annalise’s house was far enough away that the Belovores didn’t notice us. Eighteen single story ranches stood between us and them – seven more if you counted the small inlet around house number four leading inwards. Sneaking in was like tiptoeing into a ghost town while all the ghosts conversed on the outskirts. 
Annalise’s backyard was empty but well-tended. We climbed over a fence to enter. A blueberry bush sat  beneath a large net a few feet from where we’d climbed in. She reached through the webbing, picked a couple, and popped them in her mouth. She handed me one, and offered some to the rest, but I was the only one who took one. The taste was as powerful as the Blanc de Noirs, fresh and bittersweet. 
The fence met large wooden replacement boards on either end, and stood tall enough to cover our entrance from the Belovores – even the neighbours, I assumed. Lancaster was certain the Belovores had noticed and pushed Kayt in front of him to speed her up. Clearing the backyard, a small ravine separated Annalise’s house from the neighbours. When Annalise stuck out her hand and stopped the group, I inched forward to get sight on the Belovores from the open front. The yard continued to connect both hers and the neighbour’s driveway, with only a yards distance to the road. It was a patch of dark green sprinkled by small white seeds. 
A sudden glint of light stole my attention to the house across the street. The shutters on a window near the centre of the house snapped closed. Large bay windows to the left of the front door and a garage connected to a driveway which was skirted by a strip of grass – it was a mirror replica of Annalise’s home. In fact, as I scanned the street up to where the Belovores should have been – thankfully obscured by another house and a portion of fence – I noticed that all the houses were replicas. Even the colours were bland recreations of yellow, blue and brown. The neighbours to the right had a set of plastic ducks near their front door; the ones to their right had a flag bearing the Sondranos insignia – a dome inside a crater, with a star perched on top. I could only guess that Annalise had chosen the blueberry bush as her way of keeping her home different. Maybe her history in Beaumaris had insisted she plant it in the back, or maybe she’d rather the berries stay in her possession. I found myself craving more at the thought.  
Davion went further. He stepped up the short driveway as the rest waited at the garage. He stopped at the mailbox, and nudged his head from side to side. He re-joined me, whispering and confirming what I’d seen. “There’s no line of sight – the Belovore’s mustn’t be able to see us. The Lord is pleased.” 
At the time, I was still getting a handle on Davion’s religion – it felt weird, coming from Earth to have someone of a particular faith providing support for other faiths. Then again, he was getting what he needed; the drive behind his words was never intended to belittle what the others believed in, only strengthen it and provide a good case for his own. Melanie nodded, so it was welcoming enough for her to put aside her previous doubts and anger enough to accept. It was a good strategy.
Annalise opened her arms towards the house. It was a gesture that said ‘welcome to my humble home’ without a placemat on the doorstep reading the same.  We stood before the garage, which was modest in that I doubt it ever held anything but a single level car, or served any purpose but a carport. The door hung on rusty hinges painted yellow in the last touch-up. It groaned and creaked as Annalise pulled the handle. She had to push it all the way up and hold it before the door stuck open. Inside was the truck she’d mentioned. An old electric engine - still plugged into the wall. The frame was light blue with pockets of rust dressing up the skin. It could seat all six of us comfortably, provided the three smaller of us sat in the back. The interior was light grey with a small amount of hair on the upholstery. 
We shuffled in and looked inside. Lancaster was more concerned with the tools and trinkets lining the walls – a rake, a couple spades, and a digital toolbox in the corner which switched on when Lancaster neared it, listing the contents on a blue tinted holographic screen. Melanie admired the underside of the trunk. If I recalled correctly, that’s where the engine was for those brands. I started to pull the door down, and it screamed when I pulled it no less than an inch. 	
A deathly silence overtook the garage, and everyone watched me. I held the door up, refusing to move. Annalise took the handle for me, and ushered me inside. She winked, and jerked the door down hard and fast. 
SKREEEEEE
We all cringed and held our breath. Kayt looked near to a heart attack; Davion put his hands on his head; Melanie and Lancaster turned red in the cheeks – one was fright, the other was anger. Annalise let go of the handle and jumped out of the way of the crashing door. Only, instead of a slam of finality ensuring that the Belovore would find us, it caught in a silent retrieval system. It slid back into place without a whisper. 
“What makes you think this one will work?” I asked, pointing to the car. 
Annalise responded, hands on her hips: “The engine overheats. I disconnected the magnetic guidance system a week ago to work on it and never set it back on, so its ignition system wouldn’t have been fried when the strips stopped. I guess anyone with a car in the shop might be discovering the same right about now. If they’re alive and had a full charge before power cut out. It should be able to run for ten, fifteen hours if we can pop the circuit breaker in the trunk and trigger the ignition.”
“These kinds of cars are illegal without a licence,” Lancaster said. 
“Is this what you went to prison for?” Kayt asked.
“No. But it is how I got my dogs taken away.”
“We should get moving. There is no telling how long the Belovores will maintain their position,” said Davion. 
“Right. I’m not the best when it comes to Transit fuse-links. Hence why it hasn’t left the garage in over a month. I could try, but if any of you knows how to get those links up and running, tell me now and you can have your way with my car. I was being incarcerated at the time of the most recent developments, and this car just so happens to have a deadman’s switch if it doesn’t work,” Annalise said. Kayt nudged Lancaster, who shook his head. 
“Mel can take care of it,” Davion spoke above us all. I could hear the preacher in his voice straining to escape. Melanie stepped back, against the wall. She shook her head and scoffed the comment away.
Davion didn’t take negativity for an answer. “Your father taught you how to work with cars. He taught you many things before he left, and insisted you could take care of the family.”
“It was the only thing he ever did that was worth my time,” she mumbled. 
“It mirrors the current mode of transit,” he said. “We can do it with trial and error. But you have the better chance.”
I winced. Annalise looked around the room, having regretted asking. Kayt and Lancaster clung to each other – rather, Lancaster held her, and she allowed herself to be held. His arms draped around her shoulders and brought up the front, barely touching her breasts. School-boy’s trick, I thought. 
Melanie mumbled. She cleared her throat at Davion’s urging and nodded. I didn’t sense anger in her voice, like I had since that morning. I sensed fear, maybe loss. The kind of tone you get when you don’t want someone to know that your confidence is built on an illusion of shattered nerves. 
“I suppose I can do it,” she said. She spied Davion. “My Dad taught me how.”
“Good,” Annalise walked over to the side. A door connected to the interior of the house. She picked up a small jar and tilted it on its side. At first, the glass looked clear and empty. But a jangling when Annalise tipped it to the side told me the glass was merely a reflective surface – the kind sold in most Home Base shops on Earth for people wishing to hide their keys. Annalise palmed what came out and handed it to Melanie. It was the key to the car. She smiled. “All yours.”
Melanie took it and started towards the trunk, unlocking it and kneeling down to get a better view of the fuse box. Davion tiptoed near her, and Melanie, for the first time since I’d known her, looked to him for re-assurance. He nodded, and whispered that she could do it, and added, “I have faith in you.” 
Annalise then looked at me. “You and I are going to go stock up on provisions. Kayt and Lancaster - I’m going to set you two up in the den so you can keep an eye on the street in case the Belovores start coming. Davion?” Annalise stopped when he raised his hand.
“I will keep Melanie company,” he said. “I’m sure there is much she wants to talk about.” A tinkling of something metal hit the pavement beneath the car, and Melanie picked it up just as fast as it had fallen. My vision flashed, and suddenly Melanie and I were sitting back in the cellar, with her digressing onto a topic of distrust for Davion. She’d never intended on getting this far. But then, what did she expect? I suppose, that question could have been asked by any one of us. We all expected death, but carried on because we were too afraid to ask why it hadn’t come for us. 
With a second key hidden in her palm, Annalise turned and opened the door inside. Instantly, the smell of tomato soup and garlic assaulted my senses. My eyes watered, and I craved more blueberries. Part of me hoped she’d picked some that morning and had left some on the counter, like a candy dish. Of course, the reason why I’d craved them doesn’t elude me now. Then, I tasted them in the back of my throat. But now, I can tell you what I couldn’t acknowledge then: Daniel makes the best blueberry pies I’ve ever tasted. He adds a hint of cinnamon from the Nova colony, even though the tariff on importing it is pretty expensive. Often, it tastes just as fresh as the berries picked right from Annalise’s bush.
The smell of soup and spice pervaded the walls, but there was no garlic to be seen. Both odours carried a hint of age with them, the spicy scent of Sondranos preservatives. I’d smelled them first on the transport over here, and confused them for curry spices. I’d never found curry served on the menus, but suspected it wasn’t beyond passengers to pack their own meals. In Annalise’s home, the scent made sense. Something about it was comforting. 
The door opened into a kitchen decorated with vanilla wallpaper and a glass-side door that opened to the backyard. Annalise’s bedroom sat at the end of a hallway just shy of the door entering the kitchen. In a straight line, out of the doorway from the kitchen was her office. Six bookshelves lined the wall, with a desk fitted with a monitor of gel and hardwiring. That room turned to the left and opened into the sitting room, where the bay windows opened to the street. Inside was a couch set against those same windows, and a loveseat propped against the opposite wall. The vanilla colouring stretched the entire interior. Hardwood panels acted as crown moulding against the carpet and ceiling. It amazed me that, in such strange and hostile territory, I could still feel comfortable within her house. With what I’d learn later, it also surprised me that Annalise had stuck it out there, and maintained such a homely atmosphere. 
Annalise stopped me in the kitchen, and led Kayt and Lancaster to the sitting room. 	There was an island as tall as my waist where she’d stopped me. Behind it was a range with an instant cooker slung above it. It had been installed within the cabinets. Below the cabinets was a countertop complete with kitchen knives, utensils and a teapot big enough for six or seven cups. At the far end was a box of letters. Most looked like bills and easily disposable electronic pads. I suppose she didn’t have to worry about paying those any more. 
I listened as Annalise slid her blinds down. I crept around the corner to see what she was doing - Annalise had twisted the bar on the blinds to close them, and fingered two small wooden cuts open on each side so that Kayt and Lancaster could look out. They both attended to their duty silently, hardly looking at each other. Annalise clapped Lancaster on the shoulder as she left. I returned to the kitchen and started fumbling through a stack of mail on the nearest table. Returning, she made a bee-line for the box of letters and pulled out a few. 
“I’m going to run into my bedroom and pick up a couple bags,” she started. Take a look at these while I’m gone. You might get a kick out of them.”
I stammered, about to ask why, but she left before I could. I opened the first envelope, dated a couple weeks prior. 

Dear Annalise,

With your record, we would appreciate that you do not attempt to interact with our children in any way, shape or form. If you feel the need to lecture them about your property, contact us first and we will deal with it ourselves. 

Your neighbours,
Chase and Ashleigh Tennant

I held back a nervous laugh. 
What had she done? I pictured her in a bathrobe standing on the threshold of her garage with a gun, yelling for the neighbouring kids to get off her lawn. I rolled my eyes and looked at the second. A seal stamped in green ink had faded to unrecognizability. As I read, the attempt at looking not-as-serious as government letters was laughable. 

Annalisa Davenport,

We, the Homeowners Association of Covenant Street, would first like to thank you for your service in last week’s picnic. We are sure everyone enjoyed listening to you talk about your job and status as a citizen of Sondranos in a different light. I personally enjoyed the strawberry rhubarb pie you brought, and was disappointed to see that there was only one. 
This letter, however, is to inform you – again – that the maintenance on your garage door is lacking. Your neighbours can hear the squealing and scratching from inside their own homes. As you might expect, this can be a problem due to the ever increasingly pleasant weather we have been experiencing this fall. While this may be a trivial concern, we believe that it would be the first step in declining maintenance. This letter is in no way a formal inquisition; however, I did feel it my personal duty to contact you before it had to come to that. I am certain you recall the incident of Miss Erikson three years ago. There is no excuse. We appreciate your presence here. If you fail to comply, we cannot allow your home to fall victim to lazy maintenance. 
If the situation is not rectified within two weeks, the Association will be forced to fine you 2500.00 for negligence, per the code of the Homeowners Association, clause 18B. 

Thank you,
Abilene Crawford

“That one was sent to me over a year ago. They never did get their money,” Annalise said. She’d walked in carrying two large bags made from a fabric I didn’t recognize. I laughed, but part of me felt sad to see such a notion spelled out on paper. It was an obvious attempt at trying to hurt her, and Abilene Crawford seemed to have written it guilt free. I hoped I didn’t have to meet that woman. She reminded me of Daniel’s mother. 
“Look at this one,” Annalise said, pointing to a small notecard at the bottom of the pile she’d given me. It had been mailed in an envelope twice its size. “It’s my favourite.”	

We don’t want convicts here. Leave. 

There was no signature with that last one. Annalise knew who it belonged to all the same. “Rachel Sell – the most bigoted, homophobic, racist woman I’ve ever met. She’ll tell you anything to avoid confrontation and then do anything to make sure you know what she really thinks. God, this must be driving her crazy.” She leaned in to look at the note. “I hope you never have to meet a woman like her.”
“Why is that?” I grinned.
“Well, unless you like hearing about Alpha Xi Delta and her frat boy exploits for hours and never getting deeper in subject than how cold it is outside, then go for it. But really, it took her months to discover her cat had a penis. Still not as bad as the Fuson family though.”
“Why is that important?”
“She’s a biology teacher at the local high school.” Annalise balanced on the balls of her heels, as if touting some unknown victory. “She left it thinking I wouldn’t know who it was. I watched her put it in the mailbox. But that’s not the point. Rachel Sell might be a worthless human being, but that’s because she has nothing to think with. No redeeming qualities. Abilene had the courage to at least sign hers.”
“Who is she again?”
Her face twisted into mock horror and fear, “The head of the Homeowner’s Association.”
“What did they hope to accomplish with this?”
“They don’t want me here,” she said. “All registered criminals are supposed to identify themselves within forty-eight hours of moving in. I had to go door to door telling them what I’d done, and who I was. Fortunately, I’d recorded it for the parole chip – so when some of the neighbours tried to lie and say I’d never informed them, the records were right there.”
“Why didn’t you move?”
“And start it all over again?” Annalise scoffed. “Why would I let someone else dictate my own life? I’ve done that more than anyone ever should. I don’t plan on doing it again.”
“Were you innocent?”
“God, no.”
“I don’t understand you, Lise,” I said. 
“Judgment. We are bonded in pre-judgment, Leon. I could spot you a mile away,” Annalise sighed. “People hear about Beaumaris and I get the equivalent of a pink slip for life. People look at you and think you’re meek and quiet. If I had to, I would guess you weren’t exactly truthful about why you came. We’re better than that. We can be better than that.”
“Daniel would say ‘we have to be better than that.’” 
“Which is why we have to stick together – just because I’ve been judged doesn’t mean I don’t care about the same things you care about,” she said, taking my hand. “And don’t think I didn’t hear you say the name Daniel. I’ll want to know more about him later. But right now…”
A loud clattering from the garage made us turn our heads. Melanie’s voice could be heard through the door – she yelled, “Stop telling me what I can’t and can’t do, I’m not your daughter!” We listened for a moment, trying to hear what was said afterwards, but all we could make out was that she wasn’t angry – at least, not as passionately angry as she’d been when I’d first seen her in the Abbey. Davion’s low voice hummed below comprehension.  
Annalise tossed the first bag at me. “Go into the cupboard. Grab anything dry that won’t spoil if it has to sit in a car for a while.”
“What are you getting?”
“Dinner,” she smiled, and turned to the island. She placed her hands on top of the counter, her thumbs below the seam to where the marble met the wooden frame. She pressed and the wooden frame hummed. A sudden click and Annalise stepped back. The bottom opened up like a large drawer. It pushed out of the island and once it extruded at least two feet out, a second drawer a foot up followed suit. It only expanded to a foot. Inside were various meats, cheeses, and maybe a dozen drinks. The lights inside weren’t on, but the cold had still remained. I could feel it bleed out into the room. 
Annalise pulled out a large chuck of something wrapped in clear, viscous sheeting. She shook it a bit, and set it into the bag. Her hand hovered over the second drawer before she picked out two more packets – these were no larger than my fist – and tossed them in as well. After claiming a couple bottles of water, she pushed the top drawer closed and, before she returned to the bottom, caught me staring. She opened her eyes wide and motioned her bag at me, and nudged towards the cupboard. “It’s not like we have all day, Leon.”	
Inside the cupboard, I found what could only have been described as Annalise’s stash of sweets. Everything was loaded with processed sweetener, as Sondranos didn’t seem to have very much room in the way of sugarcane fields. Most of the sugar on the colony came from the fruit industry. I pulled out pack of chocolate and cream cookies, two boxes of lightly salted crackers, a bag of half-eaten pretzels, and three small packets of something I couldn’t recognize by the symbol on the front. Just before I grabbed a tin of nuts, I stopped. Each item weighed down my stomach as a sort of passive aggressive way of reminding myself that I was incredibly hungry. 
I tried to shake off the feeling, and found it replaced by another concer - I couldn’t resist it anymore, and casual information wasn’t cutting in. 
Those three letters she’d had me read vanished for only a second, but they came back with a kind of power I hadn’t felt in a long time. I dropped the bag and walked up to Annalise. I took her bag – politely, I’d like to think – and set it on the ground. 
She furrowed her brow and took a deep breath. “It’s that time, isn’t it?”
“How did you know?”
“Things have been chugging along – we’re still alive, and right now we aren’t in the best of situations. It would only make sense that now is the time you ask me why I was incarcerated.”
“It seems like all the time is a bad time,” I said. 
“Unless you’re drunk or high,” she smiled. “I told the neighbours I was in for assault and battery. Which is true. That’s what they would have seen if they looked me up. However, the truth remains that I was in prison because I didn’t want to play in the traditional rape-survivor story. I’m not that kind of woman.”
“What do you mean?”
“About three days after my nineteenth birthday, I was walking home from a friend’s house. I was alone, and the sun had just gone past the crater. I assumed, since it wasn’t second sunset yet, that it would be fine. Three guys came up behind me while I was passing through the Meadows.”
“Meadows? We have something like that where I’m from,” I interrupted. 
“And do you also have grass, and roads, and air? Do you want me to tell you this or not?” She put her hand on her hip and feigned a placating, patronizing expression – her eyes were wide and she puckered her lips ever-so slightly. I could see she wanted to tell the story, only she also wanted to seem like it was nothing. I nodded, and motioned for her to continue. “Anyway, guy number one grabs at my pants; I turn around and kick him in the crotch. Guys number two and three grab my arms, so I pull loose and beat the shit out of them. One already had his dick out. Just flapping there in the wind. It was pretty obvious what they were trying to do – they were also drunk enough to give me a contact buzz. One even yelled out that I was asking for it and should just open my legs instead of playing coy. That was the guy with the flopping thing going on. So, I grabbed it, yanked – which, you have to admit is what he was looking for – and continued to beat the tar out of the rest when they tried attacking me. The whole thing was caught on security camera.”
“Then why did you go to jail?” 
“Technicality. They never raped me. Their defense lawyers played up that they were drunk hooligans, and that I was a danger to society. Way the world works for women, who do you think got the blame? Case should have been thrown out then and there. But you know how I yanked on that guy’s dick? I kind of broke it. Doctors said I severed the muscle mass. They would have let me get off – no pun intended – if that hadn’t happened. As it stands, they successfully claimed self-defence after that move. Judge gave me a choice. Apologize and pay the medical bills for that potential rapist, or go to jail for three counts of assault with bodily injury.”
“And you took the jail time,” I concluded. 
“Damn straight,” she said. “Nobody in their right mind asks to be raped, and nobody in their right mind would ever assume that rape is something you should just slag off.” 
Annalise then picked up the bag I’d taken from her hand and closed the bottom drawer of her refrigerator. She smiled at me. Wetness circled around the corners of her eyes, and she looked at me without a smile. “You know, I was joking about this being an appropriate time. You’re actually the only person to ask me what I did in a couple years. Nobody in this neighbourhood even knows. I’m not ashamed for standing up for myself – nobody should be that afraid of life. I just don’t much care for people who judge before they know the whole story.”
“You’d tell them if they asked?”
“The stupidest people I’ve ever had the misfortune of knowing once thought that my body had a way of shutting down rape, and they tried to testify against me – even after they had all the evidence. They’ve never been in that kind of situation, so their comments were rightly ignored. But some people shouldn’t be allowed to talk in public. So, yeah, I’d tell them if they asked - that doesn’t mean they’re smart enough to get it.”
“Never ignore the uninformed, only ignore the ones who refuse to learn.” 
“Damn straight.”

The Belovores advanced just after four in the afternoon. I couldn’t remember when I’d landed, and yet the day was already starting to burn off.  The horizon, where the clouds of Sondranos didn’t yet reach, had been a sudden blue, charged with pencil-lines of green on the distance. The neighbourhood – from an aerial view – looked like the number eight splayed out on a digital interface. The northernmost line – heading west – connected to a longer highway strip with more gridlocked suburbs, strip malls, and highway-signs leading towards Sondranos. Annalise’s home was on the centre of the bottom line, and the Belovores had landed their pods just outside the north-eastern segment. When they started their advance, they went south, where eight homes lined the outside, and two were laid within the centre of each block. There were five on the lower end, Annalise’s included, and three on the inside. 
Each home could house at least four people inside, some as many as eight. Fifteen houses, and somewhere between fifty five people, would stand in our way before the Belovores would reach Annalise’s home. We would see far less than that in the coming moments. 

Lancaster tripped on the threshold of the door when he burst in. Kayt’s eyes were puffed, and a scowl looked permanently pressed into her lips. Lancaster, on the other hand, stuck his chest out and spoke through heavy breaths. “They just came in on the far side of the neighbourhood.”
“We counted thirteen,” Kayt added. 
“They headed towards the first house and the one across from it, two by two, while three stood in the middle of the road. They must have started a while ago, as they’ve already got a group of ten or so people with them.”
“They’re taking prisoners,” Kayt finished. 
“How close were they to here?” I asked.
“A couple dozen, maybe? I don’t know. Once we saw the three coming down the road, we hauled butt in here,” Lancaster said. 
The door into the garage opened. Davion came through wringing his hands. He wiped them off on his pants. The black goo he’d gotten all over his hands and smeared on his pants hardened as if it were some non-Newtonian solid. It gripped his pants, but dripped off his fingers. Annalise startled at it and put her hand to her forehead.
“If you guys couldn’t fix it, you should have told me,” moaned Annalise. 
“The good news is: we can turn it on at any time,” he said, ignoring the exasperation in Annalise’s voice. “The bad news is: you have an old car. The magnetic guidance system is still tied in with the steering console, so we will need another half hour. The even worse news is: even if we had that hour, starting the engine up to access the panel will be very loud. I doubt we could stay hidden for the half hour we need.”
“I can do it,” cried Melanie from the garage. 
“There is no sense in refusing to accept failure, Melanie,” Davion turned and stood in the doorway. Melanie appeared from beneath the car and hovered in the doorway, holding a driver in her hand and pointing it at the priest. 
“I told you,” she started. “I’m not giving up. I can do this. Your God as my witness.”
“God is not mine to own,” he placed a hand on Melanie’s shoulder. “You can allow his presence in your life as well. Just keep the right amount of faith alongside reason and action. But your God cannot help where you are inexperienced.”  
I bowed my head and closed my eyes. “Can you do it or not?”
Melanie looked at Davion, and he at her. The connection between the two was impenetrable. Melanie set the screwdriver against her side, and lost the stoic expression keeping her eyes and lips like stones. “I’ll do it. Just give me the time. I’ll give you a working car, or I’ll push this thing out of here myself.”
Davion turned to us and smiled. Melanie disappeared into the garage just as Davion did the same. The four of us were left with a feeling of emptiness in the room – like we’d all just witnessed the middle of a film, and had no clue where it had begun. 
“Does anyone else feel like we just got played?” Lancaster asked.
Annalise took my bag. She handed both hers and mine to Kayt, who was surprised by the weight and let them drag on the floor. “Give these to Davion. Tell him to put them in the trunk,” she said. “Since the Belovores are already on their way. We have to find a way to delay them if they get too close, or at least keep them from hearing the engine start up. Tell him not to start the engine until he hears my signal. How far did you say they were up the road?”
Lancaster stammered as Kayt took to the garage. “A couple houses.”
“Do you think we can get across the street in time?”
“Time for what?” His eyes shot around the room, and his brow furrowed. 
“She wants to know where we could go without being seen,” I said. 
“I don’t think we can do that,” Lancaster said. “But the crowd of people they had was pretty big. The three guarding them might be preoccupied.” Lancaster, easily flustered, turned his gaze to the ground, and held his hands close together. Kayt returned and he shot her a bug-eyed look, refusing to focus on any one thing. Kayt touched his shoulder, having to straddle her own arm behind his shoulder blade to make it seem comforting. 
“Don’t,” she said. “I know you want to, but don’t be an idiot.”
“I’m not,” he rasped. Annalise and I stepped back, as yet again we felt like intruders. We let the scene play out, and opted to ask questions later. 
“Keep a happy mood,” Kayt added. “Bright. Don’t think about what we were talking about earlier – everyone’s fine. Your parents are fine, mine are fine, and everything is going to be happy. There will be time enough for grieving.” 
“Shut up! Stop. Just stop – the city wasn’t decimated, it was destroyed. You keep saying that word to make me think only ten percent of Sondranos is gone, but it’s not. All of it is. We won’t ever see any of our parents or friends again,” Lancaster said. His chest heaved. His fingers trembled, as if they could shake off his hands. 

I mentioned before that Annalise and I stepped back when Kayt and Lancaster began arguing. Now is as good a time as any to explain what Annalise and I had missed:
In the sitting room, Lancaster had been a portrait of nerves. While Annalise and I had been gathering food and talking about Beaumaris, Kayt began the incident by asking him a simple question. 
“Are you okay?”
“Maybe we can talk sense into the Belovores. They look somewhat human, and we’ve both lived on the same planet – so why not?”
“Lancaster, you know what I mean. I have been doing my best not to break down, not to think of Victor or my family, or everyone else I know that might be dead right now.”
“The response isn’t changing.”
“I mean, everything is different between us.”
“Of course things are different now. Are you awake?” he said. 
“It’s been like this since before Sondranos was decimated. You haven’t been yourself. It’s like you’re more distant than ever, just because of what I said. Much more far-off than when you are in a sour mood. Sometimes I can’t tell if you’d rather I have been in Sondranos when it was hit, or not. It used to be a simpler answer.”	
“That’s not fair. You know I’ve been in love with you since we were last together. You’re the one who kept pushing the subject afterwards. Then you went off and met this other guy. I want you to be happy and all, but why does it have to be so hard reminding you that you once loved me that way too? When did you stop?”
“I stopped because I stopped. I was your first, Lancaster. And you were mine. I used to think that’s all that love was. But I found something in Victor that made me better – and I know you can do the same. Like when you were with Angela, or Naomi.”
“They broke it off with me.”
“Because you couldn’t let go.”
“I let go well enough, but you kept coming back saying you missed the old times. We got pregnant and I was ready to take care of it, but you couldn’t. I know, Kayt. I was there. We were both underage, and I know what it would have meant to our lives.”
“You know I would have had it if it weren’t for Alpers disease, and my family’s history of genetic heart problems…” she cut off, and held back a sob. “Stop putting all the blame on me; the doctor told us that with a hundred percent certainty. If we’d have stayed together, I wouldn’t have known if we were together because of a baby, or because we loved each other.”
“It could never be both.”
“That’s harsh.”
Kayt had been crying, but Lancaster didn’t notice. She wiped her eyes with her sleeve, and then returned to watching the road. The last words Lancaster said to her before sighting the Belovores were: “It’s just not right, Kayt. I never used to be this scared when I was with you.”

Back in the kitchen, Lancaster turned to Annalise and bolstered his strength. “If you’re going to go out there, I’ll go keep watch.”
“Sounds good,” Annalise said. She nodded to him, and kept her features calm. Tight lips, eye contact – no flaring of the nostrils. She was cold, mechanical. That’s what she had to be. That’s what I had to be. 
Lancaster left the room, hardly giving Kayt any attention. She came to us – much like she had in the tree farm, and confided. “I’m worried about him. He’s not thinking rationally.”
“How so?” I asked. 
“He mentioned reasoning with them.”
“That’s ridiculous,” I said. “He can’t think that would work.”
Kayt held her tongue. 

Annalise stepped away from the island and disappeared down the hallway, the sound of a door opening and closing reverberated down the hallway, from her bedroom. She returned just as quickly as she’d left with a small box. Tiny pinprick holes dressed the front corner, and a dime-sized red button pulsated on top. Annalise held it close to her stomach. With the pause, I’d like to think we’d all calmed, or started to think more rationally. 
“He’s just worried,” I said. “We all are.”
“Let him worry,” said Annalise. “He’s scared, and if he thinks he’s safe inside watching, then let him. Meanwhile, we have to make sure the Belovores don’t get here before Melanie fixes the car.”

As crazy as it sounds, we left through the front door. 
Annalise’s porch was shadowed by a large black awning, something I’m sure the Homeowner’s Association complained about since it didn’t match the rest of her house. A scattering of leaves had started to flake through, and littered the porch with enough refuse that we had to step beyond it carefully, so as not to make any excess noise. Daniel popped into my mind in that instant, saying: ‘The Homeowner’s Association of Covenant Street – the only realty group in the world who hates it when you turn your house into a home.’
We looked to our right immediately upon leaving, scanning down the street – sure that was the direction they came from. Kayt pointed to a thin crowd of people. Just as they’d said, three Belovores circled around their prisoners. I tried to count the heads, but lost them in the shuffle around sixteen. Most were crying, or eyeing the Belovores with fear. I motioned for the three of us to duck, even though all that concealed us was a thin white railing. 
After a moment, Annalise looked up and over the railing surrounding her porch. 
“I want to go across the street – their house will be perfect. Plus, Robby Bruce is the only friend I’ve had here,” Annalise said. She looked out again – the three Belovores had turned into the crowd to greet four more people into the group led by a single Belovore. Once the four had joined, the escort turned and headed back the way it’d come. Annalise inched out into the yard. She ushered Kayt and I close. I looked behind long enough to see Lancaster peeking through the slats in the blinds. 
We dashed into the road, across it, and trampled the row of yellow and white crocuses planted as a territory marker across the yard. The three Belovores committed to crowd control hadn’t noticed us. Annalise stopped when we got to the door, and tried the handle first. She didn’t have to knock – the door swung open and a large, ancient looking man with more wrinkles than Davion motioned us in. He closed the door behind us and dashed to the window. We followed. Annalise didn’t say anything; I’m sure that if she had, the man she called Robby Bruce would’ve shushed her. It was a different perspective on the triumvirate of Belovores, but we still didn’t learn anything new.
“Homeowner’s Association sure has changed their looks a bit,” Bruce said. He then frowned, letting the joke slide away. “They’re collecting ‘em. But ain’t lettin’ us all live. You’d best take your car and leave, Lise.”
Annalise stood on the tips of her toes to see over his shoulder, and gasped. “Trying to do just that. Need a distraction though. If the Belovores started on the other end of Covenant, where is everyone else?”
“Power’s out. Communication blocks are down too. Can’t even spark a connection. Would’a yelled out my window, but was afraid those things would hear me. I don’t feel much like dying today,” he said. “You said Belovores?”
“Yes, don’t ask how I know. Just get out,” Annalise said. “Please, get out now. Or hide. You need to be somewhere safe. They destroyed the city and they’re probably going to do worse to whoever they catch. Leave, Robert. Please.”
“I got my place to hide, right back there. They won’t find me,” he turned and pointed a crooked finger to the stairwell. A small door had been propped open, and another stairwell led down to a basement. It smelled musty, and like dust. 
“You have a survival chamber?” I asked. 
“Who’s this?” Bruce said, gesturing towards Kayt and me.
“A friend,” Annalise held up a hand to quiet me. “Since when has the room been ready?”
“A couple weeks after you went recluse on me,” he said. “I’m sorry about your dogs, by the way. The son’s a’boot lickers ain’t had a shred of decency in them since the colonizin’.”
“I don’t blame them, Robert.”
“I’m not sayin’ you should; I’m saying sorry, though.”
Annalise revealed the box she grabbed at her house, and Bruce smiled at it. He shook his head and looked back out the blinds, then to us. He sized us up. After a moment of staring at Kayt – longer than he had at me – he grunted. “Braver than me. That’s gonna call them right over here,” he said. “I’ll go get to hidin’ in any case. Don’t suppose you’re gonna explain what you’re doin’, are ya?”
“Running. We don’t exactly have a year or two’s worth of foodstuffs in a near impenetrable closet,” she paused. “We have room in the car, Robert. You should come with us.”
“Or you could stay with me.”
“It’s never worked that way, Robert. You know I’d never last down there. Nor would anyone else, considering it can only fit one man.”
“I’m not leavin’ my wife behind,” he said. “Not so long as she’s buried here.”
They both looked at each other and grinned. 
“Damn Homeowner’s Association,” they said, in sync.
 After a brief moment, Annalise hugged him and said a quiet thank you. I didn’t know what was going on, or the history, but I also never asked. It was something personal. It reminded me of Daniel, and how we would talk as if everyone knew how much we were in love. It would come as a shock whenever someone scoffed, or shook their head at us when we held hands down the street, so I said nothing to Annalise or Robert. I didn’t want to ruin their moment. 
“My house is at your disposal. Just don’t tell them where I’m at and I’ll be fine,” he said. “And don’t do anything stupid, y’hear me, Lise? Nothin’ that’ll bring down the wrath of the Gods, y’hear?”	
Annalise nodded and placed a hand on his cheek. She smiled, bit her lip, and he laughed. Shortly, Bruce fled, while Annalise called out: “If you hear anything, don’t come up. Anything. I don’t care if it’s me saying everything is safe and that you should come up. Don’t do it.” 
“I’m older than the Gods you follow; you actually think I’ll hear you from down there? I’m not leaving until I’m done reading the Greats of the Twenty-First Century.”
Annalise laughed quietly, and the man twirled his finger in the air. It wasn’t long before Bruce pulled the stairwell door shut, letting the creases in the wall conceal the opening. We heard a shuddering lock from down below. If I hadn’t known it was there, I never would have noticed the opening. 
“Why aren’t we going down there?” Kayt asked. 	
“As I said, it’s a closet. And it only has lengthy provisions for one occupant. We’d never make it, especially if we were in there without the ability to leave,” Annalise looked at me. “Trust me, he’ll be fine. Even the house inspectors couldn’t find that enclosure. Or the one inside it. Bruce is about as paranoid as they come, so he wouldn’t leave anything to chance.”
“They really are rounding them up,” Kayt moaned, pointing out that two more had been escorted to the pack. They were getting closer. Just three more houses – a corner away – until they were in front of Annalise’s home. The trio of Belovores must have felt it easier to corral their prey in the southeast corner of the neighbourhood, right on the turn of the road.  
We watched in horror as one of the newcomers – a teenager who couldn’t have been more than fifteen - whose nose had been bloodied, lashed out at one of the Belovores. He struck the creature in the chest, pounding one of the breastplates with a fist. The Belovore took a deep breath and pushed the kid away. The woman with him wept and yelled something indecipherable. The boy attacked again, this time kicking the Belovore in the shin, and running into the Belovore’s waist with as much force as he could muster. The boy pulled back and fell to his knees. We could faintly hear the scream of agony as he fell to his knees; only, it was a woman’s scream. 
The offended Belovore leaned forward. Not to hit the boy, or to say anything, but because the Belovore had to. The Belovore twisted its chelimb slightly, and we all saw it. The chelimb stuck through the boy’s stomach. With a thrust, the pincers broke out through the boy’s shirt. The woman, his mother I assumed, screamed and tried to run to him. Someone from the pack held her back. The Belovore leaned forward, scowled, and jerked its chelimb out.
 The boy collapsed. Something stuck between the claws. I was certain – in that moment – it was one of the boy’s vertebrae. The boy convulsed on the ground as the Belovore dropped the bloodied bone and barked something out to the group. 
The other two watched and responded with nods. They then continued to circle the group, waiting for the rest of their team to bring in more prisoners. The crowd pulsed together even more, the circle grew smaller. 
Annalise turned to Kayt. She held up the box she’d retrieved from her room and pressed the red button on top. A small projector screen displayed hundreds of titles – all songs, most of which I recognized, including the one by Betty Harris that I’d heard coming off the transport. 
“When I start this music, Kayt,” she started, “I want you to run back to the house – use a silent count to 15 – and tell them to start up the engine when you reach zero,” Annalise ordered. “I will play this music as loud as possible right before you need to leave. The Belovores will come to the music. They won’t see you. I promise. They’re too occupied with their group. They will find Leon and me, but I’m certain we can avoid any trouble until Davion and Melanie get the car working.”  
“This is a terrible idea,” I said. 
“Would you rather the Belovores hear the car?”
“No,” I stammered. 
“Then do you have something better?”
I suddenly resented how she’d taken control of our group. My headache had gone away, but I felt like the reminder had been hanging over me. Daniel’s voice told me ‘I wouldn’t trust you to make another plan, either.’ As it was, I didn’t have any better ideas. With the Belovores getting closer, it seemed Annalise would have to save us. Again. 
“It’s a stupid idea,” she said. I wanted to tell her I understood, even though all I really wanted was to not hear it. “Life is filled with them. But we’re going to follow through with this one and hope it turns out for the best – in these situations, smart goes out the window, runs down the corner, hits some trash cans and then gets nailed by oncoming traffic.”
I had nothing else to add. 
Annalise asked Kayt if she was ready, and repeated her instructions. Kayt acknowledged with a nod. She took a deep breath and almost choked on it. I wanted to hug her, to offer some kind of comfort. Maybe that would have been more active. But I couldn’t, even then. Kayt walked to the door nearly hyperventilating, and set her hands flat. She then put her hand on the door handle. After another deep breath, and a wipe of her cheek, she said she was ready. We made our way to the couch opposite the windows, and Annalise set her – what I assumed to be – stereo system on the table. She fingered the button, and made sure it was ready to play. 
“Tough girl,” Annalise whispered. She climbed over the couch and surveyed the small space between it and the wall. “Kayt? Make sure they pick us up, okay?”
Kayt stopped breathing. She held it in her chest and furrowed her brow quizzically. It wasn’t until Annalise broke her sturdy expression and winked that Kayt got the joke and laughed. She covered her mouth with her hand. She stretched her arms out and shook them, and popped her neck. She laughed again, letting it die away. 
“Why haven’t you been asking me to do anything?” I asked. Annalise and I set behind the couch. I lowered my voice so Kayt couldn’t hear. Annalise paused, and attempted to hide a grimace by looking in another direction.  
“You aren’t ready for that,” she shrugged. 
I saw red. My skin was on fire, and I could feel anger boiling in the pit of my stomach. This time my head pounded, throbbed where I’d impacted the Belovore a few hours earlier. “What the hell is that supposed to mean? I’m more than capable of acting on my own and helping us survive.”
“Really? The last action you made was to ram your head into something and nearly kill yourself – and if that’s the case, then why have you only been following me?” Annalise asked. “You divide your time between inaction and rash action.”
I didn’t get time to answer. I wanted to scream back at her, but images of Daniel saying something similar came back and took over. I imagined him trying to goad me into action by saying I didn’t deserve what I’d had, and it felt like Annalise was doing the same. But before I could do anything, Kayt swung open the door and ran out – severing my anger. She must have thought it was the best moment, and forgot that Annalise was supposed to hit play on the music first. She was wrong. 
Annalise cursed, jumped back around the couch, and fumbled with the box. She had previously looked like she was going to select a certain song. Now, she scrambled to find something – anything. The trio of Belovores must have spun around when the music started. When we ducked behind the couch, we’d only hoped it was enough time to distract them from Kayt running across the street, and that her premature action hadn’t drawn their attention right to her, instead of serving as a distraction.

The music rattled the walls. Pictures of Robert and a woman I could only assume was his wife shook. One fell off the wall, shattering. The holographic display inside fizzled, and the picture went out. The song pounded into a resonating thump, and Patsy Cline began to sing over speakers that looked far too small to carry a voice as voluminous as hers. Behind the couch, Annalise looked at me and began to sing along. She had no idea that I was still furious with her insinuation. A lot of people get angry when faced with the truth, and I was one of them. 
“Crazy,” I could hardly hear her voice over the noise, and I was within a few inches. I put my finger to my lips and tried to shush her – an even more pointless gesture than assuming we could stay quiet. “I’m crazy for feeling…”
A pounding on the door made the beat sound like it had lost itself. The door cracked down, and the room grew warmer with the sudden breeze from outside. The breath of air smelled distinctly metallic – the Belovores were here. 
Annalise’s eyes teemed with tears. She still held her smile. She ducked down behind the couch even more, pulling her knees up to her chest. I followed suit, and closed my eyes. She put her head on my shoulder again, but this time sang in my ear. My head and neck throbbed from the constant stimulation. 
Annalise continued to sing along, her voice barely audible over the explosion of music. The Patsy Cline song ended with a crash. The silence was sudden, and painful. The Belovore destroyed the radio device, smashing it and scattered the pieces around the room. The pulsating red button was near the fireplace, dead to the world. Annalise was about to sing the next line when two large hands gripped us by the shoulders. Pain surged down my back through my ribs as the pressure forced the pain in my head to double. Annalise tried mouthing the words when she was yanked upwards; a hand grabbed me by the shoulder pulling me with her. 
The Belovore stank of steel shavings and mildew. Burnt sheet-metal. It sniffed us and pulled us from around the couch. We went willingly, hoping it wouldn’t try anything rash. Neither Annalise nor I said anything. We didn’t want to end up like the boy in the street. Instead, we listened as the Belovore pushed us out of the house to meet up with the other two in its group.
This Belovore had strong chest plates. They were massive, and connected in a way that disproved that all the plates came in segments. This one might as well have been one giant armouring. The thin red lines connecting the muscle to the plate only showed near the chelimbs, and around its eyes. I called this one Chest-Plate, as I can still see the colour of red dancing beneath the surface when I close my eyes. It’s him that I associate the burning of Sondranos with, not the Irene, and not the Belovores I would meet. 
Chest-Plate pushed us forward with one of its chelimbs – I wanted to break out into a nervous chuckle thinking about the crab claw prodding me forward, but Annalise caught me before it happened. Kayt stared back at us from the group as we were neared closer. She’d been caught by the third – which had no discernible differences other than being the third in the trio. Kayt’s pants were torn at the knees. Blood stained the fabric, much like the tears that caressed her cheeks and sparkled in the sunlight. She’d tripped at the edge of the yard. 
She mouthed ‘I’m so sorry,’ when she saw us. The Belovore who’d caught her pushed her forward. She jumped at its touch and stifled a cry. Annalise gave no response, and neither did I. 
Chest-Plate urged us to the group, and walked beyond us towards the other prisoners. Most of them were crying – others were silent. One or two whispered between each other, words of disgust and hatred. Davion would have lectured them on the finer points of polite wording. However, Annalise, Kayt and I smiled when we felt a distinct rumbling in the distance. The Belovores hadn’t noticed it: the sound of an engine rumbling from the direction of Annalise’s garage. When we looked to the house, Lancaster’s spot in the blinds had been covered, the blinds replaced to their original standing amongst the others. The Belovores had no idea that it was a new sound – as far as they knew, it was just another noise in the distance. 
We were now on Davion and Melanie’s clock. 








Chapter Eight:
Escape from Covenant Street


Five weeks into the semester, I start teaching from a novel by Arnold Richter, the author of The Refuge of Albion. One of the quotes he loved to throw into his novels, no matter the perspective, was: ‘Nothing could be more fantastic, more… full of wonder than living in the future. It is my life’s goal to reach that day.’ 
My favourite part is when I follow those discussions by asking the class to write a conservative discussion on the following statement: ‘What do you think Richter would say to learn that seven hundred and ninety-six years from the year 2000, lights are still lights; food is food; cars are still cars, albeit with entirely different propulsion units; and revenge, fear, and death are just as prevalent as they’d always been?’
I never got the same answer twice. Even now, I can’t nail down the answer. 
Instead, I look back at all I’ve written and I can see that I needed a break. I wrote the last section in a hurry. I was terrified of admitting what had happened. The words came out, but I can’t remember writing a single one of them. Since then, I’ve taken silence as my companion. I can think clearly. Which I suppose is for the best considering what I have to tell next. 
The future is never as bright as when it still exists in infinite possibilities. 

With the car’s engine idling somewhere out of notice for the Belovores, we breathed a sigh of relief. The ignition would have definitely grabbed their attention. Annalise looked at me with content in her eyes - that kind you get when you think you’re going to die, but something else is going to make sure you won’t go down without a fight. It was hard to believe that this was part of her plan, and part of me still wanted to yell at her for coming up with it when I knew – and had to acknowledge – that I hadn’t been trying to come up with anything. How could I fault someone for trying where I hadn’t? 
“Into the group,” Chest-Plate said. The other Belovores were near carbon copies of each other. Sheered faces, with dull, flat teeth coming out between twig lips. Even though their teeth were flat, I imagined they were like a carnivore’s– perfect for tearing.
“They seem so nonchalant about all this,” Kayt whispered. We pushed into the crowd, stepping away from Chest-Plate as he resumed patrolling the group. I looked up the road leading north. The rest of the Belovores patrolled the houses, pulling people out. A couple bodies littered the side of the road. One had her face upturned, just a short distance past the corner where we waited. She looked at peace, although her body was torn ragged on the curb.
The group didn’t move for us. Instead, we were absorbed into their shape. I couldn’t count the numbers then, either, and I resolved to stop trying. It felt like we were somewhere between twenty and thirty in size.
“This isn’t a battle,” I said. “Where’s your military? Police force? Anything defensive?”
“That’s what I’ve been wondering. The attack must have been planned for a long time,” Annalise said. She nudged into a man who leaned against a girl that must have been his grand-daughter, and held his other hand out as if looking for his cane.  “Here’s what I figure. They took out Sondranos-proper immediately. They flew to the south and must have taken out the airstrip there, along with the defensive base. They even destroyed the terminals, if what happened to the one near the Abbey was any indication. But what about the weapons? There must have been thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of guns and ammo stores.”
The old man spoke up. The young woman by his side tried to calm him by placing her hand on his chest before he got worked up. “They found ways to track us without showing their faces. Rotten aliens.”
“Sondranos is given easily into the hands of those who deserve it,” Chest-Plate silenced us. His voice had a disturbing finality to it, like a growl subsiding into something harsh and throaty. Chest-Plate’s words had a slight Russian twinge to them. If we could have gotten through this without having to hear him again, I would have been happy.
“You mean to say you destroyed the entire Squadron Defensive Forces?” The old man asked. Chest-Plate stepped towards the man, pushing Annalise and Kayt out of the way. The girl whimpered and asked him to be quiet. “You only won ‘cause you fought dirty. There’s a reason we ain’t called you humans – you’re the furthest thing from it.”
Chest-Plate didn’t care about the intended insult. To him, ‘human’ was simply another word in our dialect. The old man frowned at the lack of a rise in Chest-Plate. “Sondranos has always been ours, from the day we left. Our return was predestined. We had many years to remove the obstacles you might think effective,” Chest-Plate said.

“What do you mean by obstacles? What’s the reason for any of this?” I asked.
Chest-Plate turned to me and sneered. His breath stank of rotting leaves. “We have always been working towards our rebirth.”
“That doesn’t explain the absence of a police force, or guns, or weapons of any kind,” Annalise said. Her eyes widened in realization. She stepped back, knocking into me and the old man. Kayt stepped closer. The old man acted as if he felt Annalise’s pain and gasped. He tried to push away from the girl, and tears nipped at the corners of his eyes. Chest-Plate didn’t move, and our sudden shift in direction only forced us closer. I steadied Annalise and, for the first time, saw fear and bewilderment. She looked at me. To say I was confused is an understatement. At that moment, she was more abstract than ever – I knew all I could know in such a short time, yet I didn’t know enough to read the emotion behind her looks. “I may have messed up.”
“The sacrifice of our brethren will not be in vain,” Chest-Plate rasped.
The old man clapped me on the shoulder. He let the weight of his body push forward, and used me as a steady foundation to stand. From behind Annalise, and continuing the conversation that was – hopefully – beyond Belovore ears, he said: “Ya can’t get within a few thousand kilometres of the planet without alertin’ SDF. However, if something travels fast enough through the atmosphere, SDF can’t track it until it hits. I’m willing to bet these things kamikaze’d their own pods just to take the big guns out first.”
“Fear,” Kayt mumbled. “Why cause a panic when you think you can take on the world?”
“You are a simple folk. Your ancestors once claimed we were the ones who had become stagnant – and yet, you cannot grow enough to fathom your own vulnerability,” Chest-Plate began to laugh. At least, I think it was a laugh. He stepped away from our bit of the circle and resumed patrolling. He barked something at Vertebrae and Third, who performed the same guttural laugh.
“But what about weapons? Sondranos can’t have such a wonderfully non-corrupt police force. There have to be enthusiasts or criminals somewhere with weapons,” I said. None of this was in the brochure, and I felt somewhat slighted.
“The man on the road had a pretty nice firearm,” Annalise recalled. Her eyes told me she looked inwards, to the past. “He got taken out pretty quickly. And then the dart flew back to the centre of the city. I’m willing to bet anyone with a weapon is being tracked. That dart could have hit us easily. The only thing making us different was that we weren’t armed.”
The old man cut in again. The girl at his side set her forehead in her palm, trying to conceal that she was crying.  Kayt moved past Annalise and set her arm around the girl, attempting to comfort her. The girl rested her head on Kayt’s shoulder.
“Ain’t you ever tried to buy a gun, son? Well, I guess not if I ain’t never seen you in my store. I never forget a face, and I own the only gun shop on this side of town. All projectile weapons with an explosive power source are fitted with an ID chip,” the old man said. Then, as if he wanted no part in what he claimed next, past or present: “Governor Trottier passed that bill requiring a tracer for anything that can be used to kill a man. He’s dead now, and I’m fine sayin’ I never voted for ‘im.”
“Why in the world would anyone want to do that?” I asked.
“Has anyone in your family ever been shot, and the shooter went free?”
This was the future Arnold Richter wanted to live in - where the only significant changes were how to control more violence. It was easy, then, to say that the idea was ridiculous. What the old man would have explained, in a simpler situation, was:
The chips record the fingerprints on the handles of every weapon on Sondranos. It privately logs the amount of bullets or charges fired, and connects with a satellite to link up the location when used. That same satellite sends a dead man’s switch to these chips every three hours. If you remove the chip, the signal doesn’t get through, and it short circuits the wiring. It melts the inside of the barrel and disables the weapon, making it useless. These chips had allowed Sondranos’ only defense - short of knives and swords - to be destroyed. I can bet that I would have never questioned that law if I’d gone on to live in Sondranos proper.
I shook my head and turned away from the old man. Annalise took a deep breath and surveyed the neighbourhood. Kayt still comforted the girl, but she seemed to be calming down. The three Belovores ignored us and continued patrolling. It seemed we had bought time. 
A report of gunfire ricocheted through the neighbourhood. Two houses down from Annalise’s, right on the corner, a man ran from his door just as a Belovore set a foot on his lawn. Moaning and quiet sobbing came from the crowd. Chest-Plate, Vertebrae and Third all turned to face the house. The man was in his thirties, possibly older, with long red hair and dirty pants. He wore no shirt and was slightly overweight for his age. The Belovore was a shade as dark as night. Crimson lines surrounded the Belovore’s body plates, and its face was a kind of charcoal. It looked stronger than the rest.
“Die,” the man yelled, followed by a rapid succession of gunfire - BLAMBLAMBLAMBLAM!
Someone in our crowd yelled out, “Stop! Put down your weapon Amos, you’re going to get yourself killed!”
Amos heard, but fired a couple more shots. “Or die trying,” he yelled back. The sudden breakdown of logic shifted my mind sideways. How did Amos have a working gun? I backed up, feeling the crowd beside and behind me. I was glad that I hadn’t allowed myself to be swallowed by the group, as I would have certainly lost my faculties to claustrophobia.
The Belovore stopped just short of the driveway. Amos stood on the other side. The Belovore took a second and then trundled forward, scowling. Amos sent off more rounds. I wondered how bad of a shot Amos had to be to be missing from such a short length.
BLAMBLAM, “Why won’t you die?”
A guttural chuckle – at least, I think that’s what it was – erupted from Chest-Plate. Vertebrae grunted and started pushing people in the crowd away from the scene. A couple people shoved into me, and Kayt almost fell over. I held her by the arm. The old-man tumbled, and his girl tried to pick him up, but got lost in the massive, neighborhood sized crowd. Kayt, Annalise and I watched in horror as Amos continued to fire.
“The bullets are hitting him,” Kayt whispered.
“Damned fool,” yelled the old man. Other voices mumbled and grumbled behind him, and I felt a warm body press up against my back. “He’s rigged up a Frankenstein gun!”
Behind that, the old man was lost in the crowd. The last thing I heard him mutter was, “Never should have taught him…”
I had no idea what the true term meant – especially coming from a man who owned a gun shop. However, my knowledge of literature told me enough. The gun was silver along the barrel, but deep black on the handle and hammer. The shots sounded hollow and rattled as Amos re-cocked the chamber. I don’t know much about guns, but I was certain Amos’ hasty creation wouldn’t last much longer. 
Kayt took her Lord’s name in vain, something Davion would have quickly condemned her for. I would have done the same if my brain hadn’t insisted on proving what she’d said. I squinted, hoping it would improve my sight. As the crowd pushed, I stepped out from the edge of the group. Amos fired and fired again. The Belovore walked slowly; a cruel thought occurred – the Belovore was baiting Amos. When Amos stopped to reload, his hands shook as he fumbled an energy pack out of his pocket and thumbed it into the chamber set in the handle of the gun. The energy chamber locked. He fired – the Belovore twitched. They were close enough so that I could see why. Small chips on the Belovore’s plates glistened in the sun, making dents no larger than the cusp of a fingernail. Amos had hit him maybe a dozen times: eight or nine in the chest, two in the face, and one in the neck. It all resulted in the same thing.
My mind went elsewhere in that second of realization.

I saw the Belovore from outside the tree farm, and the sudden plummet of the boulder onto its skull. I tried to look closely – to remember it cleanly – but the truth is that I couldn’t remember what I hadn’t seen. Chest rising and falling, maybe the guttural moan of dialect; my mind tried to remember anything that would tell me we hadn’t horribly maimed the creature and left it there. If the Belovore could survive Amos’ onslaught, then what did Davion do to the one outside the tree-farm? Was it still alive, even with his spine cracked and head busted open? Surely, if Davion knew that it was a Belovore, he would have known if it was dead. He must have. We would have seen a sign. Right?  We were too eager to leave.
But then, why was I caring about something that had helped annihilate an entire city?

BLAM – CRACK.
Amos hit the Belovore’s right chelimb, and the Belovore staggered. The limb cracked off just like Melanie had done with the other one. Vertebrae growled and started towards Amos. A person in our group yelled. Third found the man and snapped his neck before he could finish warning Amos. The rest of us stayed quiet. I’ve never seen that many people be so wordlessly loud in my entire life. The amount of ambient noise increased with the tension, and rang in my ears as if every sensitivity in my body had sprung to life.
Chip after chip, bullet after bullet, Amos aimed at the Belovore’s remaining chelimb. He managed to sever the rest of the injured chelimb, but didn’t come near hitting the second one. But Vertebrae reached him just as quickly as they’d broken down the door to Bruce’s house and captured Annalise and I. For giant, hulking creatures, they moved quickly.
Vertebrae stayed true to the nickname I’d given and snapped Amos’ spine by shoving a claw into Amos’ back. The crunch was almost as loud as the gun’s crack. Amos’ legs and arms seized. The gun fell to the ground and misfired twice as it came to a rest. Vertebrae dropped Amos. From that distance, I could see Amos’s chest lumbering, grabbing at any air it could hold. Blood trickled down from his lips. We all expected to die because of Amos’ actions, and the crowd shifted behind me once more. The shuffling sounded like gravel being swept across the road. The weeping dulled in my ears to a low thrum; the mutterings of angry neighbours had turned into uninspired threats balancing on the wind, and were gone just as quickly.
Vertebrae muttered something we felt in the pits of our stomachs. He picked up Amos’ makeshift weapon and tossed it towards the house. After a moment, Vertebrae ordered the fourth Belovore away. With them standing close together, I could see their plate colours offsetting each other. Vertebrae was more red, and the lines where his plates met the skin were close to the same colour; the fourth Belovore was dark and crimson. 
The fourth walked to the end of the street, towards their pods. Vertebrae returned to Chest-Plate, scowling at us the entire time. They spoke between themselves. Chest-Plate growled and looked at the group as well. They were talking about us. Vertebrae barked short, hoarse grunts. It was hard to imagine they were conveying everything in such coughs and sibilants – they looked at each other as if there was a deeper understanding. Chest-Plate placed a hand on Vertebrae’s chest and bowed. Vertebrae was silent. Whatever we’d witnessed, we all felt it was our death warrants being signed.
“You have witnessed the weakness of blood,” Chest-Plate said in fractured English. This was a term not meant for human language. His voice was back to having a stiff, Russian twinge to the words. “Keldorac is amongst the eldest and best of us. You will kneel and thank him for allowing you to see such a human characteristic.”
I’d soon learn that the colour determined strength and age. They grew stronger with colour. But, as a result, the chelimbs grew weaker - which was why Vertebrae had been able to use his to such strengths. Chest-Plate confirmed this.
“Kneel!”
The act began like a wave, starting from the outer rim of the circle until it reached the centre. Chest-Plate again spoke with Vertebrae in their native tongue. Vertebrae clacked his chelimbs together as he walked around us. We were no more than thirty, or so I’d thought, with two dead bodies within sight. Kayt and Annalise had managed to stick next to me, which wasn’t too hard since nobody else really wanted to be on the outer edge. This is the problem surrounding large groups. We all acted as one, and hoped we wouldn’t be treated individually if something were to happen. When the ritual began, though, nobody could doubt that we were all under the Belovore’s influence. Chest-Plate treaded around the other side of the circle, where the other two stood guard.

“What is taking them so long?” Annalise mumbled. Time had slowed way down, who knows how long had passed.  To the others, there probably wasn’t enough time
Kayt interjected, “They’re probably still trying to find out how to get us out of this.”
“I’m not sorry,” Annalise said.
“She’s not accusing you,” I whispered, hoping to stop a disagreement before it began.
Annalise looked up to Chest-Plate, who ignored us. “Half of the plans ever concocted are stupid, the other half are made without rational thought,” Annalise said. “I don’t want to die here, so I’d rather make one of those options work for us. I call it being obscenely adaptable.”
Chest-Plate came back around and we stopped. We bowed our heads in mock servitude. He watched us for a moment, and then continued circling the group. He and Vertebrae started chanting. Third continued to hold sentry near the end closer to Annalise’s home. He tilted his head to the side as if he could hear something. I focused intently on him, ready to stand and put Annalise’s method into practice if he called attention to Annalise’s garage.
I twitched when Third swivelled around and came towards the circle. He looked over us, which is what saved me from doing anything irrational. Chest-Plate urged us to stand. We did so in the same way we’d knelt – with fear making us keep the Belovores in sight at all times, and our hands flattened out in surrender. From the other side came a group of three more prisoners pushed forward by another Belovore. This one was coloured bright red -a young one. She didn’t have distinctly feminine features, but I knew for the first time that this was a Belovore of the opposite gender. I’ve been associating male and female roles to them, but there is nothing to say that they didn’t have three or four genders. Her under-skin was bright, and the chest plates were the same as the others. Around her legs were large indentations along the thigh. On her torso, just below the chelimbs, were holes that looked capable of fitting a size of smaller chelimb claws. They were the only things separating her from the males. From what I have been able to discern from scouring my memory, over half the Belovores acting in the field - instead of guarding prisoners - were female.
The prisoners were an older woman with a stout look on her face and bulging white eyes. She was followed by two girls – both her daughters. They couldn’t have been older then sixteen and seventeen.
Chest-Plate left us to greet the new Belovore, took charge of the prisoner, and ordered the female Belovore back into the field. The three new neighbours were forced to join our huddled mass. They saw Annalise instantly.
“You,” said the older woman. Her daughters grabbed on to her shirt as she skirted the circle to join our trio. The old woman walked as if the Belovores were a passing interest.
“Me,” replied Annalise.
“They walked in and killed my husband,” the woman said.
“I’m sorry, Abilene.”
The name struck me in the chest. This was the Abilene from the letter. A slight sense of disdain in the way she approach us affirmed this for me. She looked about right for the tone in her letter.
“They’ve been going house to house. Anyone who fights back is killed, and even the ones who don’t, someone is killed as an example,” she said. “We passed Gregor on the road. They cut his throat. I stopped counting the bodies after him.”
“I know, Abilene.”
“God isn’t here anymore, is he?”
“I wouldn’t know,” Annalise said, solemn.
Abilene covered her mouth with her hand. She took a moment and composed herself, swallowing her breath. The way she gulped made me think of the Blanc de Noirs back at the Abbey I could almost smell it, as it spiced the air with a certain aromatic twist. When Abilene started to cough, I realized I wasn’t remembering it through sensory memory. Abilene had drunken enough to taint her breath` – probably while the Belovores were going door to door. Her daughters were pulled into the crowd, slowly. Abilene took no notice, and the girls seemed fine with the sudden lack of personal space.
“Nothing we can do,” Abilene said.
A realization dawned. A mimicry of Daniel stood in front of me and taunted me. He stood just beside the Belovores, in between Vertebrae and Chest-Plate. ‘Of course you’re a prisoner now. What else would you be?’ he asked. I didn’t answer. Daniel muttered, ‘even if you did try something, you’d be slapped down faster than Amos. Wouldn’t even be worth calling an inconvenience.’
“Why are they bunching us together? Why haven’t they just killed us all?” I asked, hoping to remove the false Daniel from my mind. I made up my mind to do something. It may have just been another way of running from something – this time it was within myself – but I couldn’t sit by and do nothing anymore. Of course, this was not true aggression; it was fuelled by what Annalise had said earlier, fear, and denial of what faux-Daniel meant. That didn’t mean I couldn’t touch on some truth.
“Because they’re sadists?” Kayt said. 
“We’ve been chatting like gossips while we’ve been here and they’ve done nothing. As long as we don’t show aggression, then we should be fine. We can convince the crowd to rally all at once, and fight back the Belovores. They can’t take us all at once. Especially if they think we’re just talking.”
“How do you propose we gather a bunch of terrified, defeated people who spent their entire lives in the suburbs and convince them to fight against something that can’t be shot?” Annalise asked. She had a glint in her eye. She wasn’t asking these questions to challenge me. She was prodding me on. Was this Daniel’s intention back on Earth?
She also knew Abilene was listening.
“Tell them how I killed one,” I said.
“You killed one?” Abilene made her way into the conversation. 
Kayt turned and acknowledged Abilene. It was the kind of moment we’d needed – the one where every mind you’re surrounded by connects with yours. “Yeah. Smashed its head right open. Poor thing never saw Leon coming,” Kayt said. 
Annalise leaned towards Kayt but sent her words to Abilene. “He did it without any concern for his own safety. It wasn’t hard, either. Just ran in headfirst and it was done. Leon just kept rolling right along.”
“What about the bullets? We saw Amos from the distance. Hardly believed it was him, but then again we always did recognize him as a troublemaker. Amos shot clear at him, and so did my husband when the Belovore broke in,” Abilene looked into the distance.
“Amos shot one bullet at a time, even though I doubt they were real bullets. Projectiles made from household items, I’d bet, since no bullet here would work in an unregistered weapon. He still did something to hurt it, Which shows we, as a group, can take them down like a thousand bullets all at once,” Annalise said. She looked around and spied Third, Vertebrae and Chest-Plate at separate parts around our circle. “We can do something. We just have to let everyone know, and then we can spread the word on what to do.”
Abilene frowned, and then attempted to change it into a smile.
“I’ll see what I can do,” she said. A band of tears streaked the makeup on her eyes. The heat dried them instantly, and made it look like she’d applied long, lightning bolts of mascara. Abilene turned from us, casually surfing the crowd, starting with her daughters. I couldn’t tell if her actions were because she had hope, or if it was her attempt at saving them. 
“A thousand bullets?” Kayt asked when Abilene was out of range.
“I was feeling it. Don’t make fun of me. Besides, it’s Abilene. She has a little notebook in her desk where she writes down peoples’ questions about her homeland – she was originally from the colony off Europa. Only, she never writes them down the way they were said; she writes them the way she heard them. That way she can make the person who asks the questions seem as vastly unintelligent as possible, and make herself seem the genius. I once asked her if she spent time at the beach, and she wrote down in her book that I’d asked ‘isn’t Europa one large beach?’”
I held back a laugh. It struck me that I’d just allowed Annalise to take charge of what I’d been attempting to do from the beginning. 
“Whatever we said to her just now, she’s going to change to make herself look better. Most people trust her. Anything she gives them will be treated like it’s gold.”
“This could work,” I said. “We just have to have a plan by the time she comes back to us. And hope everyone is in on it.”
“Are you sure about that?” Annalise asked.
“Call it obscenely optimistic. Let’s just hope the car is ready before we all get pieces of our spine removed.”
“Lise, Leon – look,” Kayt tapped us on the shoulder, and instead of pointing, she nodded towards Annalise’s house. Lancaster stood on the porch. He watched us all, his gaze darting between the front door as he pulled it slowly closed, and the Belovores circling us.
“Don’t be an idiot,” I muttered; however, Lancaster had already begun his approach.

Lancaster had his plan. I was certain neither Davion nor Melanie knew about it. He stumbled out of the porch and towards our group. He crossed over the yard and into the neighbour’s before Vertebrae saw him; Lancaster then alerted the other Belovore by waving his arms. All eyes were instantly drawn to him. Kayt chittered and grabbed my elbow, stabbing me with nails that must have been chewed on recently. Annalise tried to move forward, to make eye contact with him, but failed. Lancaster advanced on the Belovores. Chest-Plate turned to face him, sucked in a breath, and held it. The act pushed out his plates and made him resemble a bear deciding how to maul its prey.
“Don’t be aggressive,” I whispered. Lancaster couldn’t hear me, but I had no illusions about that. It was more for myself than him. Neither Annalise nor I saw him as the boy Kayt described.
To us, he was a boy striding towards three monsters holding dominion over a large group of terrified people. It was courageous, even though his intention might have been in the wrong place. Third watched from a spot behind our crowd as Chest-Plate and Vertebrae took the lead. Third huffed, deep and throaty in his chest. It sounded like a dog coughing something up. Chest-Plate swivelled around and spat out something even hoarser, to which Third and Vertebrae both responded. Vertebrae joined Third on the other side of the circle. They both stood still and rigid. Chest-Plate smiled. The appearance of his whitened teeth made me shiver.
“Belovore,” Lancaster began. “I have a deal for you.”
Lancaster made no aggressive moves. He stopped just a few feet short of arm’s length of the hulking beast. His legs shook, and whenever he tried to look our way, his pupils jumped and twitched. Sweat coursed down his cheeks.
“What do you have for me?” Chest-Plate roared.
“I want you to give me one of your prisoners,” he said.
“They are not my prisoners. It is only because of a deal our Elder made that some of you will survive. If I had my way, you be scattered across the landscape to feed the crops.”
“The girl, for two more.”
“Two more, plus yourself. No girl. You die if our Elder denies your forgiveness.”
Lancaster closed his eyes, and started again. “You must want something. There has to be something you need. I can find a way to give it to you, if you just give me what I need.”
“Since when does a human need to acquire another human to get what it needs? Hasn’t it taken enough when it works together?”
“I’m not sure what you mean,” Lancaster said. “But I can assure you, it will be worth your while.”
“Don’t move, Lancaster,” Annalise mumbled.
Chest-Plate turned to Vertebrae and Third in what I could only assume was his way of looking for a response. He got nothing. He stomped forward, his foot rumbled the ground, and he opened his arms wide as if to invite violence. This was when Lancaster jumped – he balled his fists and closed his eyes, raising his hands to protect himself. Kayt cried out as Chest-Plate growled and let out a thin exhalation. Before Lancaster knew it, Chest-Plate lunged, swiped the claw of a chelimb across Lancaster’s throat, and pulled it back just as fast. The claw hadn’t needed much room, so Lancaster never felt the chelimb reaching between his upended arms towards his throat. Blood arched away, across the street. Lancaster opened his eyes as he gasped for breath. He fell to his knees as the Belovore stood over him.

It was the first time I’d ever seen someone I knew die. And it was nothing. Lancaster had tried to stand up for us; rather, he tried to sell us out – but at least he’d been doing something. Kayt, Annalise and I had allowed ourselves to be captured, and stood in the crowd talking. Yes – we’d been learning more about the Belovore threat, but we hadn’t been doing anything. Our story had left our control as Abilene spread it through the crowd.
One thought continued to recur, as it does now.
I’d been travelling with Lancaster for hours. I’d heard stories about him, and watched as Davion talked him down from foul language. Everything I’d needed to know about the boy was right in front of me, and had been. He was scared of being himself: he’d been rejected by Kayt, and was afraid of losing her; he felt the need to be brave beyond stupidity. This was a man on the cusp of discovering who he wanted to be, and now that had ended. And yet, when I watched him die, I felt nothing. That is what continues to haunt me. I would learn more about him and the kind of man he hoped to become, but only after his death. His life became retrospective.
 “Lancaster!” Kayt yelled. She tried to push away from us, but Annalise grabbed her.  I couldn’t feel anything around me. The next thing I heard was Abilene yelling out to the crowd, telling them to attack.
This was not what we’d planned. I’d hoped for some kind of coordinated attack, or at least the semblance of a plan. Abilene had taken it into her own hands. 
Chest-Plate turned from Lancaster’s body and stumbled backwards as at least half of the crowd tore at him. The rest divided towards Third and Vertebrae behind us. We were almost trampled in the charge. I wanted this to be more organized. I’d hoped that Abilene would come back to us and say when they were ready, to which we’d reply with some sort of cohesive plan of attack. Instead, we had mass chaos. I could see that the crowd was closer to forty. It should have been as easy to control as a classroom.
Mine and Annalise’s eyes locked in the middle of the screaming crowd - Annalise looked at me as if to add: ‘did you think they would trust us with their lives?’ Kayt side-lined us and ran to Lancaster. I saw her start talking to him, but all I could hear was the sound of people scrambling against the Belovores, attacking without regard to anyone else. Chest-Plate and the other two growled as they started swinging at the oncoming crowd. Out of the corner of my eyes, I spotted Abilene hurrying her two daughters away from the scene. She fled in a direction that would have taken her towards the tree-farm. Depending on whether or not the Belovore Davion had hit was alive, they would certainly survive another day.
Chest-Plate fell within the first seconds of the attack. The Belovore had been swinging, but to little effect, as the rest of the crowd grabbed him by the arms, slowing his attacks. Someone had grabbed his chelimbs and tore them off. Another group had dislodged the plates across his torso, severing them from the body beneath. The same man who’d torn the chelimbs off wielded one of the dismembered limbs and stabbed Chest-Plate through the open wound. Chest-Plate tumbled to his knees, and then landed face-first into the pavement. It had taken no more than a minute to kill the Belovore, and no less than ten people to do the job.  
The rest of the crowd swarmed the other two Belovores, but in the distance I could see more Belovores coming. They’d let their own prisoners go, and ambled towards the crowd like they knew victory would be assured once they arrived. The female Belovore I’d seen earlier walked faster than the rest, and three or four more sped up to join her – also females. They looked far angrier than the males, and more powerful even though their armour seemed lighter.
I knew, then and there, that the neighbours would get slaughtered.
“Run,” I yelled.
My voice cracked, but I yelled it again. Annalise picked up the signal. She started pushing people away, telling them to book it, to move, to go anywhere they might be safe. A loud crash from Annalise’s garage registered in our ears, but failed to make us turn around. The frenzy of the crowd tearing at the Belovores as they swung and pinched and roared against the outbreak of violence kept us trained on what we needed to do.
Kayt sobbed over Lancaster, holding his head in her arms. I felt a lump in my gut weighing me down. Annalise and I picked her up, noticing the car streaming towards us. Kayt fought back, trying to keep hold of Lancaster. Lancaster’s head tilted to the side as if he was watching us leave.
Melanie screeched the tires to a halt next to us, barely missing a quartet of people who were tearing at Third. Four lay dead at his feet, while three continued tearing at his plates.
Melanie yelled for us to get in, but we didn’t hear her – her lips and the way her eyes scowled told us enough. Annalise pushed Kayt into the backseat first with Davion. He grabbed and pulled her in. Annalise went next, and I followed. I shut the door while Melanie accelerated. It seemed as though everyone else was too preoccupied with the fight to notice our car.
The wheels screamed against the pavement. We were propelled backward, pushing us into the seats. The noise of the car leaving was enough to rouse a few of the people in the crowd. Most of them had taken off – but the ones who had a score to settle remained. Third was finally on the ground, his plates torn off, revealing a thick, sticky mess of muscle and blood. He squirmed, rolling like a turtle on its back. Vertebrae had gained the upper hand, killing two, while the rest of his attackers had fled.
“We have to go back!” Kayt yelled. She twisted in the seat and out of Davion’s grasp. She tried to reach for the door, but Davion pulled her away. “We can’t leave him there.”
“The boy was an idiot,” Davion said.
“Don’t you ever talk like that about Lancaster!” Kayt swung at him, missed, and then leapt, pounding her fists against him. In the small space of the backseat, the power behind the punches was minimal. Davion took the blows and raised his hands to let them come. They landed loudly through his robes, and nobody moved to pull her away.
We all knew what was coming. The breakdown. She would start crying and say she missed him – that’s how it was supposed to go. Some of us wanted it to happen. It would have given us permission to break down over everything that had happened in the last few hours. Only, that’s not what happened. Kayt pulled her hand to her other side and swung. She hit Davion in the jaw with the back of her hand. Blood jumped from his lips, and Kayt fell back into her seat. Her chest rounded up and down with each severe breath of air she stole.
No tears fell.
In the distance, the sight we left behind was of more people running from their homes as the Belovores went to join the fight in the centre of the road. Annalise and I watched them from over our shoulders as Melanie took to the road, not bothering to stay in the lines. There was no magnetic lock to keep the car steady, so she took advantage of the curves to gain speed. It wasn’t long before Covenant Street was far behind us.
We couldn’t save them all, but maybe those who’d escaped would survive. That’s what I told myself. It would be two hours before anyone would speak again.

I am not proud of who I was. Regret is something I feel on a daily basis. It stows away in the back of my mind when I wake up, prepared to spring out and steal whatever moments of happiness I have to feed upon, ready to survive another day.
I don’t know what happened to any of the neighbours in Covenant. I do know that they managed to take down Third and Vertebrae before the others arrived. I would like to think that they took the smart path and ran before any other Belovores joined the fray. I can pretend that they didn’t think they’d be taking them down one by one, because even I knew then that it was impossible. Abilene probably made it out, with her daughters in tow. The old man and his granddaughter might not have made it. I could have opened the door and yelled for everyone to climb on, or in, but that would have freed up the Belovores. Or weighed down the car, preventing our escape.
I’m supposed to say I don’t regret my actions; instead, I regret not having control over them. Though, I’m also certain this is my way of asking for a proper excuse for driving away from Covenant Street, or not doing something to save Lancaster.
Regret begets excuses; excuses beget regret.
In the dark, those two are always the same.








Chapter Nine:
The Birth of a Present Moment 


Melanie stopped the car in the middle of a plateaued region of the crests, at Annalise’s insistence. The sun had finally broken through the cloud cover from beneath; the crater nibbled at the edge of the light when Melanie pulled to the side of the road. It may have been later in the afternoon, but from within a crater, sunset always came early. Orange light lit the dirt to a tangerine shade, and turned the grass into sepia stalks. Melanie muttered: “God, I hope we can get this thing started again.”
“I’m certain we will,” Annalise said as she opened the door. She stretched her legs through the opening of the passenger side door first, and then climbed out. She looked to the north. Her shadow cast long and thick on the soil, pointing away from where the crags now basked in shadow. Back the way we came, the trees were hardly visible. They vanished even more as sunlight fled than behind the rising and falling of the landscape. Covenant Street only existed in our memories, and I found myself turning a blind eye to the still cover of clouds above. 
Davion climbed out, and I did the same in tandem with Melanie. Only, Melanie turned back around and bent into the driver’s door – I stopped her before she could say anything to Kayt. I waved my hand, intending for her to translate it as ‘Leave the girl alone,’ and Melanie seemed to understand. She nodded and came back out. Kayt remained in the back of the car, silent. I couldn’t imagine what she was going through, but I know talking about it after such a short time would have only made her question if she could have done anything.  
The four of us walked around to the trunk, where Annalise pulled it open and started hoisting the bags out. We’d all silently agreed to continue surviving. We weren’t ignoring Lancaster’s death, but we were acknowledging how raw the wound would have been for the young girl. Davion set his hand lightly on Melanie’s shoulder and whispered loud enough for us to hear: “I knew you were capable.” 
She smiled and blushed. Davion clapped her lightly on the back and walked away from the car, casually walking into the centre of the road.
Annalise placed one bag on the ground and let it tip over. The bags I’d retrieved tumbled to the edge. Annalise then pulled out some convection foil and some of the meat she’d taken from the refrigerator. 
She held them both up and grinned. “Pop the hood, would you Mel?”
 “What for?”
“The engine overheats,” Annalise grinned. 
Melanie rocked onto her heels, then the toes of her shoes. She hesitantly looked back to the still-open door of the driver’s seat. 
Davion retrieved the fallen bag. He carried it to the front of the car. “Go ahead, Miss Nesbit. I feel Lise has been struck with inspiration.”
She turned and ducked back inside the driver’s seat door. I trampled a bit of grass nearby, along the edge of the road. A tangle of roots that had crawled through a crack in the pavement to reach the sunlight, but had died and dried long before I’d arrived. 
“I think we’re going to cook something up,” Melanie offered. 
“I don’t know how much longer I can take this,” Kayt said.
“We’re all out here, sweetheart.”
“Not all; not anymore.”
“Would you rather I leave you to your thoughts?”
“I keep seeing him there. Why did we leave him behind?”
Melanie leaned forward, placing her knee on the foot-well. She sighed and stammered before trying to explain what she wanted to convey. “We would be dead right now. You have to understand, Lancaster knew what he was getting into. Before he left, Davion and I tried convincing him not to go. We were almost done with the engine.”
“You should have tried harder,” Kayt rasped. 
“He lied to us, Kayt. He told us you three were captured, but that nobody was guarding the group. Davion told him not to risk it, and Lancaster agreed – he said he was going to keep watch and let us know if there were any changes. The next thing we knew, Lancaster ran out. We finished the car as fast as we could.”
“It wasn’t fast enough.”	
“It was as fast as faith would allow,” Melanie said. I wanted to intervene, but the conversation seemed to be going fine. I’d expected yelling and considerably more cursing. But what struck me as odd was what Melanie had said, then: ‘As fast as faith would allow’. That wasn’t Melanie talking. At least, not the one I knew. More had happened in that garage than she was explaining. 
“The definition of faith is putting your complete, unwavering trust in something you’ve never seen, nor have any proof exists. You can have faith, but I’m not going to be an idiot,” Kayt said. That, also, didn’t sound like Kayt.   
Melanie nodded, reached under the steering wheel, and popped the hood. She smiled through a placating grin. “If you need anything, don’t hesitate.” Before she closed the door, she released a small catch below the door-lock and the window evaporated. I hadn’t seen windows like those in years – it was almost enough to make me forget the car was ancient. Melanie closed the door quietly. “We’ll be out here when you need us,” she finished.  	
Melanie noticed me after closing the door. Inside, Kayt leaned her head down. 
“Poor thing,” Melanie whispered. “So lost without Lancaster.”
“Melanie,” I took her by the arm. The way she turned towards me made it look like she’d perfected gliding. Annalise had begun walking towards the engine, and Davion was entranced by what she was about to do, so I led Melanie casually away. “What happened to the woman who was out for Davion’s blood?”
“We all have our impressions. What matters is how we interpret them,” she said. “I’m sorry for the impression I left on you.”
Hours had passed since I’d said the same thing; yet, coming from her, I felt that she meant them in a far greater capacity than I could have realized. Sipping at Blanc de Noirs in the cellar of an Abbey just after the city had been destroyed, or having just escaped a potential massacre – who’s to say whose story had more importance, and who owned those words? 
And who was to say which Melanie was the kind I would put my faith in? You can’t only know someone for a few hours and understand their core, no matter how much you hope to be right. 
Regardless, I was certain Davion had a hand in her change. And that change had happened in the garage. 
Melanie clapped me on the shoulder and left to the front of the car. Davion watched Annalise, his eyes wide and his hands at the ready should she need help. She handed him the convection foil and the steaks, then propped the hood open. Steam rose from the engine in a mushroom cloud of white-hot mist. I could feel the heat from a few feet away. Nightfall had already begun to twinge the air will a cooler breeze, but the engine made the atmosphere feel like it had never changed from mid-day. Beads of sweat formed on Annalise’s forehead. 
Annalise then took a rectangular sliver of foil from the packet and set it on the engine. It stiffened, and small dots of red illuminated around the base. Annalise set the meat on the foil.
“Damn it,” she tossed her hands in the air.
“What’s wrong?” Davion asked. 
“Seasoning,” she said. “I didn’t even think to grab it.”
“The Good Lord saw fit to provide us with meat and drink. If He wished for us to have seasoning, He would have provided,” Davion laughed it off. Annalise rolled her eyes. Melanie nodded her head agreeably, and I had no idea what to do. 
“Unless you have an extra tub of engine grease,” I said, not knowing what else to say.  

I once read – in another Arnold Richter novel from 2035 – that engine cooking had become a very popular pastime during the early quarter of the twenty-first century - ever since a book called Manifold Destiny was reprinted for the Electric Motor crowd and those who were stranded on the ‘constantly rebuilding’ magnetized strip-ways started holding roadside barbecues – they weren’t nearly as reliable as they would become a hundred years later, only having been installed in cities like Perth, Boston, York, Pretoria, and Johannesburg. Since then, most combustion engines had been turned into nothing more than kick-starters for vehicles, especially with the magnetic locks required to allow the Transit Authorities control over destination and traffic. 
In Edinburgh, the vehicle hurtling towards my flat’s building had accidentally been severed from that lock, the first accident of its kind in thirty years. It brought out cries of more efficient systems and the need for all vehicles to have unbreakable bonds between Transit and car. I say this because I did a lot of reading about the Transit Authorities back on Earth before I gave up my life for Sondranos. I’d  hoped for a chance to convince TA to rebuild my apartment. I’m sure, if any of the people decrying Transit for more diverse uses had seen her, they would have applauded Annalise for her use of the overheated engine. Even Melanie, who cringed as the drops of blood and oil from the meat formed a polite stream over the block, couldn’t steal that away from her. The task took me back into the classroom – back to Glasgow at St. Michel’s. 
Daniel chose this moment to show. 
I’ve already mentioned the times when his voice came into my mind, pervading my auditory senses like a popped balloon; however, this was the next stage. Just shy of a mile away, I saw him standing in the shadows. His short crop of blonde hair, much like Melanie’s, brightened in the hint of sunlight. He wore what he did when I last saw him:  jeans with holes at the knees, a tee-shirt with St. Michel’s emblem embroidered over the breast, and slippers. The shadows touched his rigid cheekbones and gaunt nose, making him look sick, a bit like Max Schreck in Nosferatu makeup.
‘They act like he’s not even gone. Like he was nothing more than a barnacle scraped off the keel of their ship. They would do the same if you were gone,’ his voice carried across the distance and planted in my ear. ‘You could be dead right now had you stuck it out near the Abbey. Why didn’t you? One less person to drag around. One more dead body in the numbers when all this is over. That sounds about right. A number. It doesn’t matter if you die now, or had already died, or when you’ll die because that’s the fullest potential you’ll ever live up to. Am I right, or am I right, or am I right?’
I shook the voice out. That wasn’t Daniel. The last time I’d seen him had burned much more than his image into my brain; his ploy at getting me to stand up for myself had seeded into my subconscious, and finally bloomed. The steaks cooking on Annalise’s engine took me out of it, and I realized that seeing Daniel had taken less than a second. It was like a dream – you wake up knowing it happened, but can never hope to place when. 
Shaken, but determined to put it away for the time, I joined Davion and Melanie crowding the engine to watch the meat cook. She’d brought two large roasts that had been cut into inch-thick steaks. They sizzled on the convection foil. Melanie watched this with bated breath. Kayt stumbled out of the car, drawing our attention. She’d been sobbing, and her chest caught with each breath. Her sleeves were wet. 
“Let her be,” Annalise warned us. Kayt slowly stumbled away from us, and further along the road. 
Annalise dove into second bag, the one I’d packed. She stopped at a small patch of dirt in the view of both the headlights, where she sat and pulled out each item. One box – the half-empty one of crackers – threatened to tip over. The rest balanced unevenly in the soil. I turned back to Kayt and watched as she pondered which way to go. She paced away from the car, in the opposite direction as us, turned around, and then headed towards the engine. Davion prodded Melanie to sit around the makeshift campsite before Kayt got close. 
 Kayt wiped at her upper lip and came over to us. 
“I’ve never seen anyone cook using their engine,” she said. She’d tied her hair back in a tail using a rubber band. A few stray strands waved in the slight breeze. Annalise, still at the campsite, heard her, and pulled out a bottle of water out of her bag. She peeled the label off the front and crumpled it in her hand. I barely caught sight of the label when she handed the bottle to Kayt with her free hand. The bottler’s company had a slogan written in mock-cursive that read: Never Leave Your Friends Behind; Never Leave Your Bottle Behind.   
Kayt cracked open the lid and sipped at it. 
“Engine cooking is an old custom. I only knew about it because I recently had a lot of time to read,” Annalise offered a fake smile. “Which is also why I knew how to sever the magnetic locks on that car.” Annalise turned to Melanie, who flattened her pants and sat in the dirt. Davion pulled his robes around his waist before sitting, revealing stocky pants that could have been as old as him. “Good job, by the way. I certainly couldn’t have done it in time.”
Melanie looked at Davion. Her eyes followed him. She then spoke as if she’d been trained to do so: “Thank you for the opportunity,” she said. “I learned more about myself than I remembered about vehicles.”
Davion patted her on the knee. He leaned forward, and they began to chat. Kayt paced against the side of the road, sipping from the water and spitting some out after swishing it around. Quiet pervaded the twilight. It wasn’t so quiet that nerves sank in; however, it was quiet enough for us to feel entirely comfortable doing nothing. I helped Annalise with the food. Shortly, I realized that we’d brought no utensils or anything to pick the steaks off the engine with. I picked at the first steak, startled at the heat, and pulled my fingers back. Annalise laughed and pulled out a second rectangle of convection foil. She set the sheet over the steaks, wrapped the edges together, and flipped the meat just as effortlessly as she’d set them on. I placed my hands behind my back. Kayt, noticing the exchange, concealed a smirk. After a few moments, all three of us turned around to the sound of Melanie scrambling off the ground.
 “Just deep breaths, Melanie.” Davion stood in front of her, and shielded us from noticing that she’d stood and was clutching at her head like someone had set it in a vice. 
“Stop,” Melanie barked. 
“You can beat this. Just put it out of your mind,” Davion said. It felt like we’d all walked in on a private conversation. 
Annalise and Kayt looked to me, as if I had some answer. 
I shook my head and shrugged.
 Melanie pushed her hair back over her head with a trembling hand. She turned away from us all. “Praying isn’t going to help this one, Davion.”
“Then confide. I gave you many options, Melanie. To only provide one option in a crisis would be ridiculous. There are millions,” Davion stood and attempted to join her. She stepped away before he could. “Just choose one. Let me help you. Like when we were in the garage. Take my hands.”
“It just doesn’t make any sense,” she yelled. The words were directed at Davion. 
We all wanted her to say what was on her mind – that the Belovores were monsters and deserved a horrible punishment, or that we should find a way to arm ourselves with the most painful weapons we could imagine and strike back. Kayt turned and attempted to draw another sip from her water bottle to conceal that she’d started crying again. Annalise watched the ground, but I couldn’t take my eyes off Melanie, or Davion – who opened his arms to Melanie like she was his lost child. 
“All those people,” she began. “And all I could think of was following you to get some information that might not even be relevant anymore. That poor boy died because we couldn’t work fast enough, and for what? His death did absolutely nothing to hurt or hinder our chances of survival.”
Annalise perked up. She shot me a look that was sudden and neurotic. Her eyebrows crooked. ‘What does she mean?’ she mouthed.	
“What we’ve talked about, Melanie. If you can learn to trust me, then you can learn to trust your faith,” Davion said. “Let me continue the story of Admiral Perry. Allow it to take your mind away before you start to think of things that will force you to question that which is most important.”
“I don’t really want to hear about them right now,” Annalise said loudly. She nudged towards Kayt, who’d chosen to turn around and pace away from the group at the mention of the ‘poor boy.’ “This isn’t the right time.”
Melanie took a few silent breaths. Davion wrapped a hand around her and escorted them back to their seats. She pulled up her lips in a fake smile, and they sat. In what must have been a mirror recreation, Melanie leaned over and rested her head against Davion’s shoulder. She closed her eyes. She mouthed something that acted like a prayer, and slowly calmed her. The panic attack seemed to be ebbing, but – since none of us knew it was coming – we didn’t know how to deal with them. If she had another one while Davion wasn’t near, I was certain it would cause more damage than good. 
“There will never be a right time,” Davion said. “I respect that. But I feel there is something in what I will tell you that might shed light on this situation. Admiral Perry’s actions influenced much more than the colony you see around you. The Belovores were a stagnant race. Showed signs of age reaching as far as five hundred of our years, considering their healthcare system, which they called sub-par.”
“They’re working with someone,” Annalise pushed the words out quickly, eying me. “We heard someone in the group making a pretty good case for it. But that doesn’t mean we need to hear your stories about it, right now.”
 “It’s okay,” Kayt interrupted. She stood between us all, and shook her head. “You don’t have to protect me. I want to know more about what happened. I need to know who killed my best friend, and why. If Davion has some kind of insight, then I want to hear what he has to say.”
Annalise rubbed her eyes. She bit her lower lip, looked at the meat, and then offered Davion an alternative. “Wait until we’re eating,” she said. We locked gazes. “That way those of us who don’t want to hear can focus on our food instead.” 
What she said with her eyes was: ‘I want Kayt to have some kind of distraction when the story gets too real for her.’
Davion agreed on the settlement. 
He pulled out one of the boxes from the bag at the centre of our makeshift campsite and offered the contents to Melanie. She took the box of crackers, popped two in her mouth and grimaced at the taste. She eyes were streaked with red, and she still staggered each breath as if they hurt. Davion ignored it by turning to his side and wiping dirt away from the spot next to him, as if to create a seat for Kayt. She downed the rest of the contents in the water bottle and sat cross-legged. I waited with Annalise, who had turned her attention back to the steaks. 
“We need to protect her,” she mumbled. 
“I know,” I said. 
“She doesn’t know where she wants to be, grieving or angry. We can’t let the angry part take over, so right now we have to let it happen while we can still control it,” she said. “Later we might not get the chance. We’ve gotten ourselves this far; we can’t let this group degrade.”
“We?” I wondered if she sensed that I was challenging her definition of the term. 
Annalise sighed. She bit her lip again, and turned away from the meat. “Yeah. We. I’m sorry about how I acted back there. I’m used to being selfish, but I feel like I’ve been put in charge of this group, and like all the responsibility is on me. We’re here because of my car; we got to my car because I said it was there. But you’ve been helping. I have to acknowledge that, and I’m sorry. We’re not alive just because of my own doing; everyone’s had a hand in it.”
I didn’t respond; I don’t think I needed to. 
The steaks were done within the minute, and – after Annalise pressed the meaty side of her wrist where thumb met palm to test the cook of the meat – she took the sides of the wrapped convection foil and set it in the centre of our circle. Annalise pulled out a second water bottle and poured a few drops over her hands while the other bottles made the rounds. We each took a section of steak and ate with our hands while the boxes and bags of random items I’d bagged were passed around. 
Davion began just as I’d tasted the first bit of engine-cooked steak, which Daniel might have said contained the flavours of every place that car had been. All I could taste was smoke and flavourless beef.
“Admiral Perry and the Irene’s expedition went as expected for a year – save for the sudden inclusion of the Belovores,” Davion took small bites, enough to speak around. “However, the relationship and the implications of a shared colony didn’t begin to fully realize until a year later.”

Admiral Perry sits, fingering the red dyed tablecloth dangling from the edges like a paper napkin. The riots have calmed, but the worry is still there. Sixteen different file folders sit on his desk in old fashioned paper documents, each one detailing how the colony will fail. Hours ago, he tried sorting them by importance, but felt deadlocked when he couldn’t decide between the economic downfall or the lack of a proper sanitary system causing widespread illness.
The short end of it is simple: there isn’t enough food, water, and precious resource to go around. And on top of that, they’ve suddenly found themselves as the mentors to a species they’ve only just learned existed. Learning their language wasn’t an option – upon a medical examination, it was realized that no human tongue or vocal combination could create the proper dialect needed to converse with the Belovores. However, the natives learned English – and two forms of Russian – in a matter of weeks. By then, the fear of the creatures had gone. Admiral Perry longs for the days when mimicry and accurate translation was the root problem. 
Velric became their Ambassador. Of course, his name was only a fraction of the name the Belovore went by in his own circles. He often spoke about the female Belovores – nearly indistinguishable from human eyes – and how they loved speaking his name. He spoke of it like a bachelor speaks of conquests, yet with the longing of settling down. Admiral Perry wonders, often, if names are a sexual concept with the Belovores. 
Velric enters the chamber when Admiral Perry picks up the first of the folders. Instead of opening it, he drops it against the desk, leans back and closes his eyes. 
“We have two years,” he says. 
“I am apologetic for the burden my people have caused,” Velric says. 
Admiral Perry sighs. “I’m not blaming you.”
“Your tone suggests otherwise,” Velric sits in the chair opposite the Admiral, reaches out with a chelimb and grabs one of the folders. He flips it open as if it were splayed out in front of him on an angled platform.  
“My tone suggests a great many things, Velric,” Perry says. “But the one you’re sensing is fear. The one we aren’t allowed to show.”
“Fear of something, or fear for something?”
Perry straightens up and clasps his hands together. He ignores the question and substitutes his own. “Any news on your people’s front?”
Velric sets the folder down. “I am afraid it is not any different from where we were when you landed. If anything, our plight has worsened. My people are afraid. They hear your stories; watch as your people perform tasks that take years, rather than centuries. They hear about the growths your people have made in such a short time, and they wonder when we will do the same. They wonder if we will, also, as capability has become of much debate. My brethren have no answers for them.”
“Stagnancy,” Admiral Perry interrupts. “We kept using that word, forgetting that you move slower. Even the slowest progress looks indefinite to other eyes.”
“Yes. That is the word that we have grown to fear. Our lives are very long compared to yours. You have already seen the effects,” Velric says. 
Admiral Perry remembers – that should be file seven or eight. With long life comes the will to take things slowly. Those wishing to do business with the Belovores often end up waiting months. Belovore crops last two years before they begin to rot, but all the reports show that they take twice as long to grow. Belovores consume minerals from the root vegetables and through a sort of synthesis that also causes the armour plating to grow over their skin. 
At first Admiral Perry assumed it was an exoskeleton; now, he knows it’s the sign of an old and well fed Belovore. However, their agricultural speed takes a lot of room away from the farmers wishing to set a more human time scale for the colony. That was another file: turnaround time for Earth-based crops. 
“I am pleased; however, that the friendship between our two peoples has grown to trustworthiness,” Velric interrupts Perry’s thought processes. 
The interruption only causes more distraction. 
File eleven. Violence. Some colonists partake in the local stills, and when the Belovores happen to be lurking about in the night – often taking care of their own business, or meeting up with family members – the drunk colonists have the potential to become frightened. One colonist filed a report claiming the Belovore was hunting him down and trying to devour him on the spot. The truth of the report was that it was a female Belovore attempting to help the colonist stagger back home, and she’d had trouble learning English, so her gesticulations were taken as threat. This common occurrence leads to an unhurt Belovore, and, sometimes, a seriously injured colonist. Admiral Perry has nicked the weapons problem early, having required them only of military personnel, and even then, the charged bullets can only stun. The Belovores, as repeated to Perry through Velric, find this amusing. Most of their children complain of humans hiding in their burrows, intent on stealing their chelimbs while they rest. Dichotomies abound. 
The thought occurs to Admiral Perry in less than an instant. 
No semblance of his conscience plays a part in it. 
He believes the phrase came from an old professor at the Aeronautics school he was trained in, and Perry repeats the phrase verbatim to Velric: “Sometimes you need a big change. Not a small one; something big enough to jumpstart your life. I suppose you could say a mid-life crisis for your entire species.”
“I don’t understand.”
“On Earth, humanity was stagnating. Not many changes save for technological ones in hundreds of years. Sure, the quality of life got better, but the inherent flaws in the system remained the same. When International Aeronautics made the discovery of Aurichrome, and started their spaceflight tests, it seemed we were on the edge of a new frontier.”
“Aurichrome is highly volatile,” Velric says. 
Admiral Perry is uncertain. Does Velric mean to ask this, or is he stating a fact? He chalks it up to a miscommunication, and hopes the string continues. 
“Yes,” Perry chooses to answer both ideas at once. “But that’s what the change was. You can hop on a jet and take to Earth’s moon in a couple hours – it’s about as safe as the mental stability of the pilot. No worries. But if you strap a starship to your butt made out of a refined explosive, well, you’re riding more than just by the seat of your pants.”
Velric shifts in his seat. A moment of silence tells Perry that the Belovore still isn’t quite following. “Aurichrome changed our world, allowed us to reach the stars. That was our catalyst. Maybe our arrival at Sondranos is yours,” Perry said. “All you need is a ship, and a good crew.”
“Our entire species could fit into the Irene,” Velric sits up straighter. Perry’s heart thumps in his chest – eager. 
“How old are you, Velric?”
“By your standards, I am quite young. But I am able enough in my culture to be considered an adult. I have not yet begun to lose my faculties, and can still retain the thoughts that drive my most base emotions.”
“What does that mean?”
“You have senility,” Velric shoots Perry a look that could almost be considered a wry smile. “We have an aging hive mind. Once we reach a certain age, the elders can be controlled and told how to best suit society without having to be a burden. The young shape the minds of the elders, after the elders have done the same. Those in the middle ensure that survival is at the forefront. It is how it must be.”
“Then you could be a very strong voice amongst your people,” Perry says.
“I already am.”
“You could convince your people to take to the stars, to find a new home, or to find something that will cause your people to expand much like the human species,” Perry says.
“I could,” Velric responds. “But how will that solve the issues we face now?”
“You will face a new world up there, much like we did. Oh, the stories, Velric. Humanity has done nothing greater than reach the stars. The Irene is a trifle compared to the quests of hundreds.”
“We have been going through your database, as you instructed. We believed you shared everything with us,” Velric says. 
“This is where I admit where I’m wrong,” Perry says. “I ordered them closed. All of the tales we shut off from access. We didn’t want to show up and make your species feel inadequate. But, now, I realize that that’s what needs to be done. You need to see what kind of lengths you can reach when you have the means. You have us at your disposal. The Irene. The resources we can muster – Belovores can survive long periods without eating and sleeping, so let us provide you with ways to ensure that every time you need to eat aboard our ship, you will feast.”
“I don’t know what to make of what you are saying,” Velric says. “What about Sondranos?”
“The population numbers will change. We will live where you did, and continue the survival of your home. Call it an exchange. Our economic situation will stabilize, while yours survives the way we couldn’t. If your people take to the stars, you can only thrive. The human race has done its thriving. I will prove it to you. We have hundreds, if not thousands, of historical records of humanity’s space program. We, as a colony, need to settle down. The time has come for the Belovores to take their place where the human race once blossomed.”
“This is very generous of you,” Velric says.
“I only want to see both our people flourish and succeed.”
Perry stands, retreats from his desk, and shifts the screen of his monitor on. It hums to life, and he straightens his uniform as the screen latches on to the database from the Irene. He scans through a dozen names, before stopping on one. A blond girl, roughly twenty years old. She’s a child of one of the scientists, training to be amongst the diplomatic personnel. 
“This is Annika Granger,” Admiral Perry stands. “I will set up a meeting with you. I want you to compile a team of your own. Storytellers, teachers, people who hold importance in your community. She’s going to head up this project. Everything you need to know, you come to her and she will find a way to get it taught. I trust her in this, and will brief her on it. Understand that you can be more. You can always be more.”		
Velric stood and extended a hand. Perry always appreciated the gesture, even though his hand would come back throbbing. He took Velric’s large hand and clasped it. 
“I’m sorry, Velric,” Perry says. “I’m sorry I didn’t think of this sooner. Just think. The human race did so much, all because it could. Imagine what your people will be in a few years out there. I look forward to that day, Ambassador. I very much do.”
“To the survival of Sondranos and the growth of my people.”
After Velric leaves, Admiral Perry sets his hand on the table. His hands tremble. The thoroughfare of thoughts in his mind settles somewhat as he takes deep enough breaths to smother them. He can’t believe what he’s done, but he can understand. The conversation came as easy as if it came from a politician. It’s for the good of the people. The next phase will be to send the historical documents to Velric and his people. After that, he’ll find Miss Granger and allow her back into the training program. He will explain to her and her father that, after her consistent failures and lack of understanding of basic colonial techniques, he’s finally found a job suitable for her skills. And if she doesn’t perform is adequately, then her father will be punished accordingly. 	
Admiral Perry picks up the transceiver on the edge of his desk and connects to Russell, who’s taken over as an impromptu mayor of Sondranos Colony. The people like her, and she gets along well with the Belovores. 
“I want you to pull up some literature, Miss Russell.”
“Yes, sir. What would you like?” She tilts her head, curious. 
“Pulp. Science Fiction novels from the early twenty-first century. I want you to pull them all out. Mostly space-opera, or those weird ones about spaceships and aliens, and whatever make-believe you could bank on in this age.” 
“Time frame, sir?” She masks a slight sense of incredulity behind a casual laugh. 
“After the renaissance period, and only if they have happy endings.”
“Light reading?”
“Call it a cultural exchange.” Perry swallows, committing to his mission. 

“They’re looking for revenge,” Annalise stopped the story. “They were lied to. They have had years to suffer in space, never finding a home. Sondranos was colonized was because the Admiral took a sudden turn for a habitable planet, otherwise they would have continued untouched for years. Of course they want us dead.”
Davion concluded: “Admiral Perry pushed them out; he made them think star travel was what they’d wanted, and the only way they could survive. And, as they weren’t truly ready, the Belovores never left the Irene. I would not be surprised if they called for a complete and unconditional surrender, and then wiped those who’d condemned them off the face of the planet. Only those who are forgiven would survive.”
“But everyone from the Irene is long gone,” I said. 
“The sins of the father.”
“Life expectancy of a human was nearly cut by a third in colonization flights. It had to have happened to the Belovores too,” Melanie added.
“Children often follow the words of their parents when they witness their parents being cast down,” Davion said. He sucked in a deep breath. “Or, like we couldn’t comprehend their aging, perhaps they fall victim to the same. I’m willing to concede that they may have reasons beyond your comprehension. You must be open to that possibility as well.”
“Every colony had an economic model. If you didn’t adhere to it, then you were boned. Perry did what he thought was necessary,” Kayt said, stood, brushed off her backside, and trundled away from our campsite. We’d all finished eating about halfway through Davion’s story, but pieces of Kayt’s steak still sat on the ground surrounded by the convection foils Annalise had bucketed it in. All of our eyes were on Kayt. She stumbled just shy of the opposite end of the road. Having tripped, she let herself fall to her hands and knees, and vomited twice. I was the first to stand and waved everyone else away as they stood, saying I’d take care of it. Annalise joined, but kept a few steps behind. 
Davion whispered to Melanie, “Poor girl.”	
I approached slowly, and she vomited again. The sun was halfway down the horizon, so the shadows cast by her hair created a shadowed barrier against her face. I knelt down beside Kayt, pulled up any stray bits of hair dangling down, and let my hand rest on her back. 
“I just don’t want to hear it right now,” Kayt said through a hoary tone. “I shouldn’t have asked to hear it. Every time he mentioned the Belovores, I saw Lancaster getting … Lancaster dying in that way, on the street. He was watching as we drove away. I know this.”
“You can’t let yourself obsess over things you couldn’t have helped.”
“Just leave me alone, please.”
“I understand what you’re asking,” I said. “But I don’t want you wandering off alone.”
“Why not? Getting mauled by a creature I only just learned existed sounds like a good idea. It was good enough for Lancaster, and he didn’t even know why the Belovores hated us,” Kayt straightened up, and I helped her to her feet. I wiped a tear away from the corner of her eye. 
“You don’t mean that.”
“Why not? It’s what I deserve.”
“Nobody deserves that. At least now we know what kind of past we’re up against. We’re going to survive this. I promise.”
“I promised Lancaster we’d be fine when we were at Lise’s house,” she choked back a sob. “Look how good my word turned out to be.”
“Don’t be so negative,” Annalise came up behind us. Kayt jumped at her voice. “We’re surviving this. Leon is right; you couldn’t have done anything without getting yourself killed.”
“Oh, be quiet jailbird. Why don’t you go murder more innocent people, or whatever it was you did?” Kayt glowered. “It’s your fault, you know. If you hadn’t had that stupid plan, he wouldn’t have thought to be a hero. He’d still be alive. It’s your fault he’s dead.”
I suddenly saw why Annalise had apologized, earlier. When the bad stuff came, she was an easy target for blame. The way Kayt said it, I could tell it stung both women. Kayt pushed past Annalise and stalked to the car. She opened the door to the backseat and climbed in. She pulled the closed and everyone in the group could hear her sobs. And swearing. Annalise’s name came up more than a dozen times, and Davion made a gesture to be the next to attempt consoling her. Melanie pulled him back down. Kayt’s words were harsh enough to silence Annalise. 
For the first time since we’d met, Annalise looked distant. It’s true that she didn’t need to come with us, but at the same time - if she was right and we truly did share some bond, then I knew it was true that she needed to be with someone. She needed to share the accusations when her suggestions went awry. 
“She didn’t mean it,” I said. 
“Yes. She did.”
“Well, she wouldn’t have said it under other circumstances.”
“That’s why we’re letting her have it. She’s young; she doesn’t know how to handle life without lashing out, or playing the part of a drama queen. Something horrific has happened, not just to her, but to all of us. Melanie’s keeping Davion busy, so us staying away for a few minutes gives her time to collect her thoughts.”
“That doesn’t reserve the right to not be hurt by someone’s words,” I said. 
Annalise couldn’t look at the car. “I’m not thirteen, Leon. Don’t talk to me like I am.” 
I wondered if part of her had considered the truth of what Kayt had said. Or if she actually blamed herself for Lancaster’s death. She knew the boy as little as I did. 
“How are you doing with all this, then?”
“Leon,” Annalise stopped. “Do you know why I’m coming with you?”
“Because you don’t want to be alone in this?”
“I wanted them to die,” she locked eyes with me. “I was happy thinking about anyone who’s ever hurt me suffering and burning. It felt good. For three years I was stuck in hell just because of a petty legal system and rapists who were just mad they couldn’t do what they wanted. I know what it’s like to hate the way Kayt hates now. I imagined all of them: the judge, the jury, prosecution, defense, even the legal secretary burning in that city. And I was mad because their deaths were quick.”
“Is that what keeps you going?”
“You guys make me forget. Just like, eventually, we’ll make Kayt forget. It won’t be easy, but at some point tonight, Kayt will realize that she was doing something without thinking about Lancaster’s death. And she will hate herself so much for it. We need to let her be angry for now, under controlled circumstances, like I said. Right now, we have a purpose, something to run to, and if I had to stop thinking for a moment – even about stupid ideas and ways to make myself seem awesome in your eyes – then I would have to stop and think about the part of me that wanted innocent people dead.
“The worst thing I could do right now is to slow down. I see myself in Kayt. If I slow down, then I’d have to see what kind of person I am. Don’t do that to me, Leon. Don’t let Kayt fall into that trap either. Let her have anger if she wants it. Let her say things she’ll regret later while we still have a later to control.”
“That’s the secret,” I said. 	
“Everyone faces it eventually. You can’t for a minute believe that running solves all your problems,” she smiled. “But I appreciate you trying to apologize for her. Come on, Kayt’s probably calmed down by now.”
Annalise turned around, took me by the hand and led me back to Kayt. As we walked on, I saw Kayt in the back of the car, and put together what Annalise was saying. For now, she had all the things she needed, and that was what would shape her future. 
“I have an idea,” I said. 

‘It won’t work. You have no idea what just happened, do you?’ Daniel reappeared in the distance, but spoke right inside my ear. ‘No idea how to react, you anti-social mammoth. Of course, how could you react? When have you ever done anything but run? You lied to Lise, Leon Bishop. She thinks you’re here on vacation, and she trusts you because you lied to her – the last thing she’d ever expect is that you’re one of those people who runs.’
Daniel flashed closer. One second he was at least a mile away, and then he was within a few feet. Not close enough to touch, but close enough to ignite my sense of smell. I could taste his cologne in the back of my throat. It had grown sour with the hint of sweat, turning the musk of teak wood left in the sun to rot. My mental representation of him aged the area around his eyes and mouth with a handful of wrinkles, whereas the skin in between had stretched to impossible tightness. Had I been closer, I’m sure I could have looked into his pores. 
‘You’re doing that right now. Running. Every word you say puts you further from being able to explain yourself.’ Daniel smiled, and vanished as Annalise walked through him. I tried pushing him away, and instead of succeeding, a loud impact stifled my ears. It was as if my eardrums popped, or the air pressure had changed. 
I stopped and staggered to my side. Annalise caught me, and I quickly regained my composure. She asked if I was okay, and I nodded. But, what had really happened was simple. ‘Congratulations, Leon Bishop,’ whispered Daniel. ‘Don’t you wish you hadn’t run from a life that had hardly crumbled? Instead, enjoy running with the life expectancy of a moth.’ 

I pushed the mental and auditory stimulation of Daniel away, and focused on the idea I’d had before Daniel struck. Annalise and I joined Kayt as Melanie and Davion cleaned up. They smiled at each other, unsure of where to put the foil and the extra food, realizing that we hadn’t exactly pulled up to a comfortable rest area. Davion crossed himself after setting some of the leftover meat on the ground with the rest of our trash, and buried it. Melanie found this hilarious and clapped Davion on the back, doing the same. I felt more uneasy seeing her jubilant than mad. 
“I’m sorry, Lise.” Kayt said. She looked straight ahead. The cliffs peaking over the crests of Sondranos were glowing with the last gasps of sunset, and their light cast orange on her features. 
“It’s fine,” Annalise scrambled into the driver’s seat, legs out. “I certainly understand what you’re feeling. Just remember one thing for me. If you only remember the bad stuff that’s happened to you, then your life will be pretty miserable. Try to think of the good things. Like how you and Lancaster first met.”
I stepped in. I explained to her the idea of a Present Moment.
Of course, I’ve had time since that moment, so I feel I’ve already described the purpose and intent behind a Present Moment as best I can right now. In that case, I will not put down what I told her. Instead, I will simply state that I told her what one was and how it could be used. I flew by the seat of my pants at the time, and I’m not certain I made sense. But Annalise summed it up for me after I’d finished, partly because she was also confused by my sudden imagination. 
“You always relive the worst moments of your life,” she covered for me. “But if you force yourself to rewrite over those bad memories with the good ones, and keep playing that image in place of the one you were thinking before, then you can have that moment in the present, instead.”
“You see Lancaster, right now. Don’t you?” I asked. 
Kayt nodded. A tear fell. 	
“See him again, but not as he was. See him in a moment before any of this occurred. Elaborate on it, stretch the truth a bit to make yourself smile. Tell us, so we can see it too. Let us remind you of it when you feel the despair coming.”
Kayt smirked. She wrapped her fingers together in her lap and crossed her legs. She cleared her throat and set her head back against the chair.

Lancaster stands at the door, holding a box in his hands. The package is wrapped in coloured paper, and a small shoelace is tied in a knot, wrapping the box. Kayt answers the door in her nightgown. The fringe carries down to her shins, and teases a see-through fabric as it courses up her legs. The see-through portion resumes around her torso, but well-placed under garments conceal the rest. Lancaster wants to comment that her skin looks purple underneath, but holds back. She gasps at his arrival, and then laughs. 
“I guess I asked for it, if I answered the door like this,” she grins. 
Lancaster dons a tee-shirt with a picture of their University half-faded on the front. The ram – their school mascot – stares out through one solid eye, while the other can’t decide whether it will look left or up. Kayt laughs at the shirt. Lancaster grins from ear to ear, and hands her the oddly wrapped box. She sniffles, pulls a tissue out of her balled hand, and sneezes. Her eyes water and she staggers her breathing, about to sneeze again. Lancaster still holds the gift out to her, and once she’s sure the sneezing is done, she takes it. 
“The entire series,” he says. 
“You know that’s a good two days’ worth of programming, right?”
“The average cold during this season lasts forty-eight hours. You’d know that if you showed up to class – instead of pretending to be sick.”
“Speaking of, you’re going to get yourself sick being here.”
“Your point being?”
“Don’t you have work?”
Lancaster laughs. “I called in sick. They didn’t ask who was sick, so I figure it’s legit.”
In two weeks, Lancaster would be fired from that job – but it’s not a big deal, he’d say; it was only food service for a company that underappreciated his talent as a delivery boy. 
Kayt tries to hand the gift back to Lancaster. 
“I can’t accept this,” she says. 
Lancaster refuses and steps into the doorway. Inside, he can see the mess from the fight she had with her mother still dressing the corners of the walls. Kayt’s mother had drug a chair from the sitting room into her bedroom, scuffing the walls; Lancaster had heard part of the argument played out over the phone. She’d always acted younger than her own daughter, and when Kayt had refused to make dinner the night before because of her illness, her mother had thrown a fit. Kayt has pulled her chair into her bedroom, and spent the night in there. This was a normal occurrence. 
Over time, Kayt trained him with the knowledge to ignore her words and actions – the best thing to do is treat her mother like she’s the age she never grew out of, she’d said. That’s why, when Lancaster enters the room, he doesn’t mention the fight. He can still hear Kayt’s crying and wishing that she could just leave all of it behind. Her mother is the only reason she wants to leave the town she’s called home for so long. He still feels the resentment caused when Kayt insisted that her mother was right in that ‘she would never amount to anything if she never stopped thinking about herself.’ Lancaster resents that Kayt has turned into the caretaker of a fifty year old teenager. This is the strongest emotion he shares with Kayt. This is before their failed relationship, before their carnal introduction and disastrous pregnancy, and well before Kayt would meet Victor. It is a simpler time, Kayt would say. 
As Kayt tells this story, Leon insists that it’s a time that she should always hold as important, even if things fall apart afterwards; hold the past close, but don’t let it startle you into running. Kayt staggers as she continues. She can tell he’s speaking from something deeper within, and it only reminds her of Lancaster. 
Lancaster bypasses the scuffed hallway without a word and finds a seat in the living room. Nobody’s home except for Kayt, who had to stay until she got better. Even her mother, who left for work without a word, sent a data message saying she’d be late. Kayt smiles through cold-puffed eyes and unwraps the video chips. It’s a show they’ve seen before, Department 13, from the older days when television on Sondranos didn’t include as many advertisements for self-improvement as it does these days. 
“How much did this cost you?”
“Are you going to play the discs or what?” Lancaster asks. Kayt takes a second, smirks, and joins Lancaster on the couch. For the rest of the day – and the day after that – Kayt never once thinks about the fight with her mother. She doesn’t remember being sick weeks later. She just remembers sitting on the couch with Lancaster, while episodes of Department 13 blur together in one continuous run. There is a storyline, she knows, but all she remembers is how comfortable she was on the couch. How comfortable she is, and will be as long as she remembers how it feels to have known someone who loved her as much as Lancaster. 

Kayt was interrupted by a sudden, static shock of noise. From the car:
“Attention, survivors:
“Rescue is coming. 
“Verification from General Jeremiah Carter aboard International Aeronautics vessel Cooper. Find safety. Arrival is determined to be in nine hours. Repeat: rescue is coming. Find shelter, and do not engage the enemy. 

Davion re-joined the group, wide eyed.
“Did you hear that?” Davion crossed himself and furrowed his brow. The news seemed to strike him with more concern than relief. We nodded. Nobody needed to question if the message was heard, or the meaning. 
Melanie looked shocked, as if she hadn’t expected anything to happen. “I left it on the emergency channel in case there were any cars in the vicinity. Or maybe the Belovore’s would be stupid enough to use our frequencies and we’d know when they were coming. I didn’t expect,” her words broke as a smile caressed her cheeks. She knelt to the ground, clasping her hands together and stifling cries. 
“You did good Melanie,” Davion said. He wiped dust off his robes, and flattened them against his chest. “But nine hours is a long time for a race that destroyed an entire city in five minutes. I suggest we get moving.”
Annalise climbed into the passenger side. Daniel appeared just as everyone climbed into the car. I stepped back and balanced on the cusp of the road and the side, while the others got in. ‘You know what this is, right?’ he asked. ‘It’s the long dark night of your self-absorbed soul. Only, you’ve forgotten that it will mean nothing since you haven’t done anything worth repenting over. They’ve done all the work. You’ve only contributed to the death of a young man. Remember the classes you oh-so-love?’
This wasn’t my Daniel. It was the crux of what I’d left. I had to remind myself of that. I even have to write it here to make sure I believe it. My impressions of the kind of world I’d fled were made even scarier because I hadn’t been able to face them head on. And then the place I’d run to was destroyed. False Daniel had a point – I suppose you could call it being haunted by a Present Moment. 
‘If you were important enough, then your long-dark-night would have meaning. Instead, look at what it is. You’re sitting in the desert, talking to people who’ve done more to help themselves in just a few hours than you have your entire life. How pathetic do you want to be? Congratulations, Leon Bishop – you win your life! Is it everything you ever hoped it would be? Hope so, because you aren’t strong enough to earn anything better!’ 
Burning leaves carried on the wind, cut faintly by the scent of ashes of thousands. Daniel pulled away in it. His arms flowed out like wisps, and his body followed. Even though I couldn’t see him then, I could still hear him. 
‘These are people, Leon. And you’ve judged them already. 
‘What are you?
‘Davion. The hero, old fashioned and seeking only to save us all. When one falls, it only makes the rest more important. He wishes to take you somewhere far, far away – a place you’ve never considered going. Melanie was supposed to be his opposite. She was the realist to his visionary. She was willing to work for what she wanted in life, regardless of the constraints of this fallen Empire. Now, she’s nothing more than Davion’s tool – reborn to his own idealism. Annalise looks at them without considering how her life has broken down. Her confidence comes from that same alienation. Kayt and Lancaster couldn’t be more dramatic. Now he is dead, and she survives - how long until you think she begins to wax poetic on the life he was supposed to lead? Better yet – how long until you begin to deny what happened?
I started to see what False Daniel was doing. The pure, unmitigated hatred oozing from his words wasn’t what I’d assumed. ‘What are you but nothing to history?’ he questioned. ‘You give all your attention to one, sacrificing the rest out of fear for what you might find. If you gave them the attention you show to the convict, you might have a chance. Do something with yourself. Stop making this journey theirs, and do something worth returning for.’
I mumbled softly: “Otherwise, I don’t have any reason to go back.”
I composed myself, swearing at the imaginary Daniel I’d conjured, hoping he would leave me alone. He was a creation of my mind. I knew that if I was ever going to go back and fix what I’d left, then I would have to earn that.  
“Melanie,” I reached through the driver’s window and placed my hand on her shoulder. She’d climbed in while I was off in my mind. She looked at me cockeyed. “Everything fine?” Melanie asked. Davion leaned forward from his seat in the back. He’d already started giving her directions. They sounded much like ‘go straight until you hit the commune.’
“Do you mind if I drive?” I asked. 
She took a second, nodded, and opened the door. She hopped in the backseat as Kayt stepped out and let her and Davion sit together. Annalise was able to watch the shuffle, unmoving and glad she was out of their way. I was prepared to face what needed to be faced; I could rebuild what had been destroyed. Now, I know how unprepared I was. I know that False Daniel was trying to prepare me for what tragedies would come before they shattered everything I had left. 








Chapter Ten:
The MacKinnon Commune
of the Primary Divinity 


We drove most of the way through the night. Sunrise was probably in the distance, but I had no idea how faraway. Daniel’s words rang in my ears. After a couple hours, I’d come up with a list of all the things False Daniel was trying to prove: my insecurities, fears, lies, petulance, even delusions. The last one wasn’t too much of a stretch. Each one was a little harsher than the next,So I focused on driving. Thankfully, the car had no troubles starting out, nor as we progressed to the commune. 
The commune was close – at least, that’s what Davion told us – and I was going to be the one to take us there. Even Annalise took pride in that. She smiled at me every so often from the passenger seat, and once, when I asked her what she was looking at, she shook her head and looked back out the window. I recalled her thanking me in front of the engine, and realized that’s what she’d been smiling at. Not my taking over, but my shouldering some of the burden from the guilt she took on for leading us this far – going to Covenant Street, the plan to get the car unnoticed, even Lancaster’s death. I could see in her eyes that she’d relaxed. ‘I’ve gotten us this far,’ her look said. ‘You take the lead.’ And even though it was selfish, it was true. 
As a professor, I knew exactly where she stood. I led my students down a road through education. I helped them in the journey to understanding the topic of the semester and, in the end, it was my own ability to lead them that showed. Even though the students were ultimately responsible for their work, I still felt responsible. I could brush aside those that failed and say they did it to themselves, but only if I knew for a fact that they hadn’t tried, thereby absolving myself of guilt. When those who put forth everything they had didn’t do well – or not well enough . We must have been the first group of people Annalise had felt part of since Beaumaris. She’d made a few choices regarding our paths. Only, these choices reflected our safety, not an education. In a comical way, we were her students. 
When she looked at me again, just after we passed a strange bunching of Crested Saguaro illuminated by the headlights, I saw something else in her eyes. ‘If we hadn’t gone home, Lancaster would still be alive,’ it said. I set my hand on hers across the console between the seats. She took it and set her head back on the seat rest. She held on to guilt, but I’d hoped – even by such a small task as driving us to our final destination – that I could carry some of it for her. 
In retrospect, I might have to admit that I’ve exaggerated my importance. It might have been just a look; it might have been confidence, and Annalise might have just been relieved that another person was helping. But, like all the stories I’ve taught – this is my story. I would be remiss if I avoided my thoughts, no matter how self-entitled they seem. I want to think that Annalise was relieved, and that the look meant that she had some of the burden lifted from her shoulders simply because I’d taken control of our path. 
Meanwhile, Melanie and Davion conversed about religion while Kayt held her silence. Every now and then, Davion would speak up to tell me which road to take, but overall the route was pretty straightforward. I wanted to add something to the conversation when Davion mentioned that all would be right with ‘Our Lords’ on arrival. Namely, I wanted to ask him what would happen if we got there and the place had been destroyed. I stopped myself, though, cautious to keep negativity away from the atmosphere. We’d all been riding on the hope that the commune was still there, or at least not overrun by Belovores. It was best to let optimism keep carrying us there and deal with change if it happened. But even half an hour can seem like a lifetime when you’re riding with despair on your heels. 
The rescue signal from the IA Cooper played every half hour. Davion silenced himself the second time, counted on his fingers, and said we were halfway there. I turned the sound system off after the third time. 
I leaned forward and peered up. 
No stars hung overhead. This time, the clouds above were so dark and sooty that I could hardly tell they draped across the sky. We’d pulled onto a large desert expanse. The road nearly vanished in the soil. The landscaped flattened out before us. Before long, flickering flames danced in the moonless night, barely visible. 
The foundation of the commune was spot-lit by torches that licked the stone foundations. The light climbed the walls and glistened off the shards of glass embedded on the top. Behind it, gothic arches taller than the ones from the Abbey climbed into the night. Without torches to light their height, I lost sight of where they ended – but I had a picture in my mind that they grabbed at the sky like steel fortifications. The crags of the crater were fully shrouded in darkness. 
Have you ever had a feeling like you knew what was being covered by shadows? I had the same feeling. There was a castle behind that wall, and we were about to step into it. Davion leaned forward and pointed to the commune, then clapped Annalise on the shoulder while laughing nervously, like he’d avoided something terrible. 
 “It was built into the crater?” I asked. 
“Where else?” Davion answered, grabbing my seat by the headrest and pulling himself forward, almost into the front seat, between Annalise and I. “Just follow the path provided and it will lead you to the entrance. Stop before you get within shouting distance.”
“Not exactly strategically sound,” I said. “With all the lights on, the Belovores would see it as easily as a spotlight.”
“You run your commune the way you want, and I will have mine,” Davion said. “Besides, if the torches were a problem, wouldn’t the Belovores have already dealt with them?”

The MacKinnon Commune of the Primary Divinity reminded me of home. 
I’d grown up in Scotland, spending half my life wandering from historic castle to abbey, and the other half living in a city where Edinburgh Castle dominated the skyline. When we pulled closer, the first part I noticed was that the MacKinnon Commune held the visage of a castle. 
Upon entering, I wouldn’t get the chance to look around like a tourist; instead, we’d be ushered off without the chance to register our surroundings. So, instead of filling out the edges as I go, I will do my best to describe the place as my memory serves. 
In the light, the curtain wall fortified the front of the commune. As if the curtain wall wasn’t enough, the crater acted as a battlement from behind. It hulked so high that I knew their daylight was cut in half just by proxy of the crater. The gardens and greenery – which flourished much in the same way the transplanted Montana grass did near the city – took a hold on the soil and stole every last drop of moisture from the night. 
Outside was a desert; inside was the oasis. 
The entrance – a stony barbican much like any ancient city’s entryway- was marked by trees. A pair of guards in black robes strolled across, keeping watch. The trees stood in set intervals, and started a ten minutes’ walk from the entrance, leading down the pathway to the main doors. They must have been tough to keep standing. They resembled palm trees, yet had the appearance of dead or dying elms. Their fallen leaves dressed the plains that groped outwards towards the crag-line. I’m sure, when they were in their autumn, they looked miraculous. Once past the wall and through the barbican, the entry road split in two. The first wound around the length of the commune alongside the wall while the second struck through the centre, and branched out towards buildings accordingly. 
The grounds were split in the centre by a large stone Keep. They called the Keep the Citadel, as it was a recreation of the first human-Belovore building to exist in Sondranos. However, what would immediately draw my attention was the larger version of the Abbey, which hugged the left side of the wall. To the right rested the village where huts, survivable greenery, and agricultural needs packed together closely. 
The village part of the commune was an inner bailey. It was large enough to house four gardens of varying foods. Seven hundred people lived within the castle, barracks, and in various other locations. The rest – those that worked in the yards, or wished to live outside the castle’s safety - came in the number of two hundred. I doubt anyone commuted from the city. It was hard to tell if anyone dared live on the outer bailey, as the ground was as rough and patchy as it had been along the road. 
The rest of the buildings stood behind the Abbey – an almost exact replica of Davion’s without the gift shop – and were situated around the Keep. A barracks, stable, large pens, and one large building that reminded me of a gymnasium at St. Michel’s. Grey was the colour by day; at night, strategically placed torches lent more vibrant colours just as easily as the sunrise. I’d supposed, at the time and even now, that they knew close quarters was a given when joining. Or perhaps some of them chose posts across the crater just to avoid sleeping in the same room as five or six others. Maybe that was why Davion lived out in the suburbs of Sondranos.
It struck me that all throughout the commune, people shuffled about, carrying baskets, digging into the ground, tending to bushes and livestock, continuing about their lives as if night had never fallen, and Sondranos had never been destroyed.

When I pulled the car off to the side of the road, just past the first row of trees, I got out feeling rejuvenated. We all walked to the barbican with Davion leading the way. His steps were light, and we all felt like we could breathe again. The sun had long gone, but Davion led us with a brightness in his eyes that could have lit the crater. Kayt slunk close to me and held my hand. Annalise took the other, and Melanie took Kayt’s.
The barbican stood tall and ominous over the entrance – though, that was our perception, as the doors had been closed and that created a less-than-welcome feeling. Bricks climbed atop one another until they reached the top, where a man peered over and disappeared just as quickly. Davion held out his hands, stopped us, and then surveyed his robes. A dozen patches of dirt stained the white, and lines had formed around his waist, setting into the fabric like wrinkles in skin. He tried to flatten a few out before the doors latched open with loud mechanical clanks and swung inwards. 
If you asked each one of us what we noticed in that time, our answers would have been different. This is my best guess as to what each one thought.
Davion embraced a man wearing similar robes as him – apparent only because Davion ignored everything else around him. Annalise noticed the curtain wall strung along the perimeter until it reached the Citadel in the back, stroking the bricks and turning slowly around as she traced it along the compound. Kayt eyed the hundreds of people huddled together, some watching the doors, and others patrolling about the grounds as if they had something dreadfully important to do, and she flinched and stepped behind me when they began their approach. Melanie scanned the crowd, and I wondered if she was looking for her father. 
All I can honestly say is that I noticed the light. Torchlight on the outside – and along the keep – had been useful, but it was just a show. Inside, strung along the walls and on posts lining the walkways and homes, were bulbs the size of my fists. Each one was lit, and blazed brightly towards the ground. Bowls hung over the top of the bulbs, keeping them from streaming upwards. It created a sort of domed feel over the grounds. Though, as I write this, I can’t help but feel that I did see a haze hovering above the wall, just barely perceptible. Like a thousand fireflies gathered together in the grounds.
“Welcome, son,” the man who’d opened the doors said. “Davion, it is so good to see you. After everything we’ve heard, we were sure you’d perished; though, I should have trusted you would accomplish something such as this.”
“I was in the right place at the right time, Father.”
“Everyone always is,” he replied. 
“If I had not suffered, I would not have been at the Abbey, and thus I would not be able to bring these into our flock,” Davion turned to us and opened his palm. I felt like I was on the auction block. Or an award. 
“Well, let them come in!” Father ushered us close, and took Kayt by the hand. He led us through the doors. Two young men pushed them shut, then bowed their heads before returning to their duties along the wall – doing what, I didn’t know. They didn’t look like sentries, but could have been in training.
All attention seems hesitantly drawn to us, masked in casual activity. A dozen people shuffled towards us. One carried a basket of fruits, and another two had some kind of weaving thrown over their shoulders. Overall, the people who lived in the commune looked healthy. Only a few wore robes, the rest wore long slacks in varying shades of brown and black. Women’s shirts concealed the chest, and puffed out near the midsection. The shoulders of the shirts or dresses often hung loose and revealed clean skin. The men wore the same slacks, but wore tight shirts, ones that hugged their arms and tucked into their pants to create a small bunch near the waistline. The rest - those clad in robes – wandered about the grounds like they’d been given leadership of some plot of land within the grounds. They meant something, but I didn’t – and wouldn’t – discover their purpose in the hierarchy of the MacKinnon Commune.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
The woman carrying the fruits was muscular, and had a meaty build that told me she’d worked in the gardens on a daily basis; the weavers were a man and woman, both young, whose hands looked clean and fragile. Behind them, the shapes and sizes of other’s could have told me their occupations as well – a couple gardeners and farmers, a dozen or so manufacturers, weavers, tillers, and builders. 
 “What’s it like out there?” said the first weaver.  
“Is the city as big as the stories tell?” asked the gardener. 
“Don’t ask questions you’ll never be able to prove, Jacey,” bit back the third weaver.  
“I can ask whatever I wish,” Jacey, the gardener said. She wielded something at the two men that looked like a squash, but had been coloured deep purple, like a potato. “You have no dominion over me. Now, I’ve heard the spires touch the skies tall enough to greet the lowest Gods, is that true?”
“What are you talking about?” Melanie asked. We’d all been taken aback, but the answer was clear. These people had no idea what had happened. I think we were more stunned than anything, and that is why we didn’t respond. 
“Oh, you make them sound weak, and unimportant!” The second weaver broke in. 
“I only meant those who can deal with us directly,” Jacey responded. 
“Yes, of course you did,” said first weaver. Her tone had turned placating, and sardonic. She was about to ask something of us, when a boy no more than eleven came trundling up. He carried a dozen mice in his hands; all squirmed around but didn’t try to run off. 
“Mother, I found them! Cagney had babies!” he cried. The mother turned, and shrieked, dropping the weave that she’d draped over her shoulder, and the rest of the group laughed. Those who were silent, turned away, and started back to what they’d been doing when we arrived; the weaver turned to her boy and started ushering him away. She muttered about cleaning his hands.
The man Davion called Father introduced himself to us with a proffering gesture. “I am Father Alessandro Corin. You may call me Father, or Father Corin. Either way, I welcome you to our home. I trust you have been briefed on the situation?”
“Yes, we have,” I said. Father Corin looked gentle, and aged beyond his years. Like, Davion, wrinkles set into his skin, and pressed down the area around his eyes into permanent bruised bags. He wasn’t overweight, but he used to be – loose skin hung from his neck and bunched around his waist. He wrung his hands together, not through nerves, but through habit. I’m certain he didn’t even know when he wrung. As a portion of the populace advanced, Father Corin pulled Davion close, and they both stepped aside. He smiled, having taken my answer to mean that we didn’t need any kind of introduction. 
‘Situation’ is a dangerous word. In ignorance, it can mean many things. Unknowingly, I’d agreed to knowing what the commune had been doing – and more importantly, what secret was being kept from its inhabitants. I’d assumed he meant the state of Sondranos-proper. For a moment no longer than a blink, I considered thinking of them as communists, as that was what the side of my English Professor’s mind insisted they’d be called. 
“Leave us be,” Father Corin said, waving them away. Father Corin placed a hand behind Kayt’s back and we started forward. All around us, the people of the MacKinnon Commune dragged tools through the soil, acting as if it were midday; some walked about, and some admired the scenery. There were a dozen carrying crates, two by two, towards one of the larger buildings near the end of the path. Some of those same wooden crates lined the walls, to all outward appearances holding something that was needed all over the compound. 
“Do you think they know what’s going on?” Annalise asked before I could. 
“The commune is safe from treachery,” Father Corin said. “You are safe.”
“Excuse me,” Annalise called to Father Corin. “You have to know what’s going on outside. We’ve just been running for hours, and every time we come across the Belovores, people died – they’re bound to come here eventually.”
“Oh, they are on their way,” Father Corin cut across a small patch of grass and brought us to a pathway that had been ridged with inconsistencies in the pavement. It humped in the centre, each side greeting the grass like a stone anthill. Ahead, the barracks stood tall and blocky at the end of the path – that was the building I’d seen the crates coming to and from. “But there is nothing we can do, except move forward with what has to be done. We refuse to allow anyone who’s been saved fall into death.”
“What will be done is death,” I said. The words sounded clunky, but so did the idea of keeping the Belovores a secret. I tried to clarify. “Sondranos is gone. This planet is gone, all the resources you use to keep yourself running will dry up and you’ll starve to death.”
“If the Belovores don’t annihilate you first,” Kayt said. We stopped just shy of the middle of the path. 
“Look around you. We are self-sustaining. Davion, I thought you could vouch for these people,” Father Corin said. “Don’t 
Davion bowed and blushed. 
“It’s okay,” Melanie said quickly. “We’re just stunned. And tired. We’ve been going since the attack began. It’s not every day someone is accepted into salvation.”
I looked to Melanie, who walked closer to Davion and Father Corin. 
“I could call this place home,” she said. “I can see why Percival Nesbit would have called this place home without a word to any of us.”
“That name sounds familiar. Is he a friend of yours?”
“He was my father.”
“There are only two here that hold the title of Father,” Corin said. “The other does not go by that name.”
“Blood father. Little ‘f,’ not the big one.”
“Ah, forgive me. His name does sound familiar, though. Do you wish for me to ask around about him?”
This was the game, my mind said. Feigning a delusional state and pretending not to care was how she’d get the information. She got close to Davion using his own passivity and religious beliefs as a way of striking deep into the information he held back. I started to feel relieved. However, then she said: “No. It’s not important; it’s nothing that can’t wait.”
My spine tingled. A shiver escaped, and Annalise looked at me quizzically. Kayt held on to my arm, and I could see her trying to understand why Annalise and I were so confused. She had deeper things to worry about – but then again, maybe this was the moment Annalise mentioned about Kayt having a moment in which she wouldn’t think about Lancaster. 
“I am proud of you, Melanie,” Davion said. “Never have I seen you discuss your father with such restraint. You are on your way to discovering the path of the Primary Divinity. Our Lord provides miraculous things.”
My first thought was that she had meant what she’d said. It wasn’t a diversion; she had changed. What hung around her normally - the wrinkles about her eyes, the drop of her hair, and the weight that clung to her waist – had a different quality to it. Anger had fled, and youth had come in. Annalise, Kayt, and I exchanged glances next.  
During all of this, do you know how many times I looked at them? 
How many times have I written the words ‘looked,’ ‘gazed,’ ‘saw,’ or any variation thereof? I can’t remember. So maybe I’m to blame for what I didn’t see. A teacher: that’s what I’ve always been. I can observe and adapt. So how had it happened that I’d missed so much? 
When had this happened?
False Daniel whispered, ‘So self-absorbed, except for the ones that don’t suit you.’
Melanie smiled. She reached off the pavement to touch a bush that sprouted flowers that wouldn’t open until the morning. She smelled them and closed her eyes. Davion set his hand on her back. She turned to face him and bit her lower lip. Somehow, in this mess, she’d found serenity. Where was the frustration? The anger and the hatred for being given the run around? 
Where was the absolute certainty that her father – the man who’d abandoned her and her mother without ever saying goodbye – was alive and well within the curtain wall of the Commune of the First Divinity? 
The new Melanie smiled and looked to the ground while Father Corin put his arm around her and led us to the barracks. 
On the way, Annalise and Kayt leaned in close. 
“It doesn’t make any sense,” Kayt said. “How can nobody be afraid? Amazing men are dying out there. You’d think something like the destruction of a major colony would be even a little bit on their radar.”
“One thing is for sure. The Belovores won’t leave this place alone,” said Annalise. 
The barracks smelled of sweat and metal. Father Corin led us there without another word while Davion mentioned allowing us to rest before we were served a meal. Annalise nearly mentioned the manifold meal we’d had hours earlier, but stopped when I gave her a look that pleaded for real, stove-cooked food. 
The barracks door swung open. It was held eagerly by a young girl who’d watched us arrive. The walls were lined with more crates, and staggered between doors that led into what I assumed to be bedroom or chambers. The walls stretched for at least twelve or thirteen rooms on either side, at seemingly impossible length. I felt like we’d entered a prison. The stonework was smooth, and the only imperfections in the waved stone surface came from where the doorframes had been carved into the edifice. Strings of lights draped down the hallway, and turned down a corridor on the far end. 
“How do you have lights and power here?” I asked. Staying behind, I approached one of the crates, and picked at a piece of straw poking out from the crease in the wood. It hadn’t been locked, but something told me I shouldn’t open them anyway.
“We run our systems independent of the Sondranos national grid,” Father Corin led down the hallway, came up behind me, and ushered me away from the crate. “We are self-sustaining. It is easier that way. We draw no undue attention to ourselves.”
“What are your defensive capabilities?” Annalise asked. 
“Tell me about your journey,” Father Corin said. He stopped just shy of an open door and waved us in. Inside the room were two cots set against the stone walls. A single window hung high in the room between the beds, closer to the ceiling than the floor. Thin bars had been set inside the frame, too small to consider protective – mostly decoration, I thought – but why? Davion urgedus into the room, and Melanie went willingly. Kayt followed, but with the attitude of a shy little girl, holding her hands forward and looking around without moving her head. Annalise, however, put her hand on my chest and stopped.  
“I’m not going in there until you answer me,” Annalise said. I stood behind her, and she looked at me through her periphery. “Us, I mean.”
“The MacKinnon Commune of the Primary Divinity does not worship the methods of violence, as you would,” Father Corin said. “We make our choices, and stick by them.”
“But is it a choice to be oblivious about the destruction of your home?” I asked. 
“I am not oblivious,” Father Corin said. 
“Then you’re being ignorant.”
“You would do to watch your tone, young man. What we do here is for something greater than you can ever hope to achieve. If you do not believe, then I will ask you to leave our compound.”
“He’s just trying to ask what’s going on,” Annalise said. “We’ve had a long day. We didn’t expect to come here only to see that nobody’s concerned about this commune getting overrun.”
A man carrying a crate stumbled past, pushing the crate alongside the wall. The man didn’t flinch when he heard Annalise speak ofthe Belovores. He walked to the end of the hall and placed the crate alongside another. He pulled open the top, checked its contents, closed it, and then left. The scene stuck in my head while Davion interrupted the turmoil brewing between Father Corin and I. 
“Father, this is Lise. Without her, we would not be here,” Davion said, proffering her as if she was his prize. Annalise blushed and stepped back, carefully missing stepping on my own foot and knocking into Kayt. 
“It is so good to have Davion back,” Father Corin said. It was as if my outburst hadn’t happened. “And for him to have brought four new souls into our flock? I have said the word miraculous before, and I should only say it again.”
After being asked for a second time, Annalise told Father Corin about our journey. Having lived it, I watched the hall. She spoke about the car, about the darts coming out of the sky and strafing any weapons stores; she displaced facts to make it quicker. She left out a few choice moments: leaving the Belovores to be slaughtered alongside her neighbours; killing the Belovore in the woods; and anything else that would make her look welcome to violence. When she spoke about Lancaster’s death, she made him sound like a hero. Kayt appreciated that much. Annalise finished by discussing our impromptu meal on the engine of her car. The entire time, passers-by ignored us, even though I knew they listened. Men and women – some with more crates, some empty handed – all passed by and registered nothing. 
Father Corin laughed at the end of our story. “Well, I promise our food will be more fulfilling,” he said.  
 “It was good, don’t get me wrong,” Annalise might as well have been talking to an old friend. Or Robert Bruce back on Covenant Street. “But it will be nice to have something with more preparation in mind. Something more substantial.”
A woman then appeared, attempting to carry two crates, but slowly lowering to the ground under their weight. Father Corin and Davion instantly jumped to help her, and Annalise swivelled to me and whispered: “Just play nice.”
“I don’t know if –” I started, but Father Corin pulled himself back up and into earshot. He’d helped the girl push the crates to the side, and while she picked one up, Davion started to fumble his hands into two grooves on either side of the second. 
As the girl came by, I felt something dark bleed through my surface thoughts. I stuck a hand out and touched the girl on the shoulder, stopping her. “Sondranos has been destroyed by the Belovores, and millions are dead.”
She looked at me. Father Corin bowed his head, and Davion set the box down. He pushed it to the side of the wall and started off the way we came. His exit was quick and sudden – all I recall is telling the girl about Sondranos, and then seeing Davion’s robes flowing behind him as he ran off. After a moment, the girl looked at me, unperturbed. “Yes,” she said, and smiled. “All shall be as it should be.” 
The girl tilted her head to the side, looking to Father Coring for approval. He waved her away, and she set the crate next to another, contemplated it for a moment, and then set it atop the first. Then she did what all the others did, and left. Annalise wrapped her arm around mine. She felt cold, and I could feel the same chill winding its way down to my stomach. 
They were working with the Belovores – every single one of them. 
Davion re-entered, huffing. He leaned forward and caught his breath.
“I want you to read this,” Davion held a book out to me. The cover had soiled the linen of his robes. It was old, and he held it with reverence. Before I could take it, a gunshot reverberated down the hall, followed by a scream. The sharp noise startled all of us except for Davion, who took my hand and pushed the book into my chest. Instinctually, I took it as we all rushed to the doorway. Annalise held back, barely moving as we all hoped the shot wasn’t the beginning of something far worse. 
Down the hall, two men argued. 
“You could have killed someone!” one said.
“I’m sorry. The box splintered!” responded the second.
Two men, both with ruffled hair and sagging clothes leaned down to the crate they’d been carrying. The second one picked up a rifle, and set it within the box. It was large, and the burns on the wall opposite the crate showed that the weapon was plenty powerful. The stone had cracked, and I’m certain that, given the proper tools, one tap to the circular indentation would have created a rather large window into the bedroom beyond. The two men lifted the crate, avoiding where the second had claimed the crate had splintered. I could briefly see five more of the same rifles set within the straw. Father Corin had rushed up to the men to quiet them down, and ensure all was okay. 
They carried the box and set it next to another crate, which joined the wall of the same. Four crates like the ones littered outside sat against the wall – some had more piled on top – lining as far down the interior as I could see. That’s what they’d been carrying. Live weapons, ones that had been untouched by the satellite systems. None of us wanted to stay in the hallway anymore. 
We all moved back into the room. Annalise – who hadn’t cared much about the noise - Kayt and Melanie took a seat on the bed. 
“Please, Leon. Look at the book I’ve given you,” Davion said, entering the room again. 
“The Belovores will destroy you,” I mumbled. “They know how to target weapons. That’s how they took out most of the resistance.”
 “We can survive; we have faith,” said Melanie. 
“The book,” Davion whispered. 
“You don’t get it, it will be a slaughter.” I held out my hands, feeling like I was in the classroom once again. “The Belovores are nearly impervious to weapons fire. The older they are, the stronger their plates are.”
Father Corin frowned, and he rasped at Davion, “What kind of brothers and sisters are you bringing into our fold? They have no inclination to listen even though you’ve informed them of the Primary Divinity.”
“You’re working with the Belovores,” I said. The words came out before the logic connected in my brain. I didn’t acknowledge the lie that Davion allowed to stand; he hadn’t told us anything, he’d simply assumed. I also didn’t register the book I still held close to my chest. Instead, I put together what I’d seen. The only cache of working weapons when those would have been the first to go under the Belovores’ attack plan; the lack of concern, or knowledge, for Sondranos; knowing that those weapons wouldn’t hurt a Belovore, but stockpiling them anyway – I couldn’t speak for anyone else in the town, but it seemed a good many had fallen in line with Father Corin, and he was responsible for the massacre. 

The truth wouldn’t be evident until later, but now I can say that Melanie had good reason not to listen to 97 Transistor Radio – the station she’d mentioned back in the wine cellar of the Abbey. That station had been the one commandeered and run by Father Corin, and that was how the Belovores had all the information they’d needed. 
The MacKinnon Commune of the Primary Divinity had Abbeys all over the map – attuned to whatever God was worshipped in the area. I felt comfortable with Davion because I felt he respected my beliefs, and was a man of God – even though god goes by many names.  I imagine that was how many Abbeys operated on Sondranos. At the time, I also felt the ability to communicate by some sort of cloud based signal – a mental connection – was the only way to have organized something like this. 
“They are new,” Davion said. “They don’t understand what the Salvation means to the Forgiven. Melanie understands our position.” 
“I would hope so,” Father Corin said. 
“But you killed one,” Annalise chimed in. Her tone was hard to read, quick and stuttering. “You crushed its head with a rock.”
“I did no such thing,” Davion said. He refused to meet Father Corin’s curious gaze. 
“We all saw you,” Annalise jumped up from her seat on the bed and approached him. Father Corin stood in the way. He raised a hand and set it on the center of her chest. She jerked his hand to the side, glaring. “Don’t touch me.”
“Davion may have doubted his faith, but he would never intentionally harm a creature such as the Belovore, unless he was acting out of mercy for the creature,” Father Corin said. “You would do well to recall history the way it happened. Not the way you think it happened.”
“How could you bring us here?” I asked Davion. 
“I follow the Lord’s plan,” Davion said. “And you have been, too. You have been looking for safety; I brought you to the safest place on Sondranos. Here, you will not want for food or question if you will fall victim to the world around you. You are amongst family now. The Belovores will not touch anyone who wishes to join the Forgiven; it was part of the agreement between our people.”
I turned to Annalise, who twitched nervously. Melanie paced near the end of the room, and Kayt sat on one of the beds. She pulled her knees up to her chest and wept silently. 
“We’re going to die here,” Annalise whispered. Then, louder, “Why?” 
Neither Father Corin nor Davion could hear us. Father Corin spoke vehemently at Davion, whispering his words violently. 
“We just need time to think. This is a lot, all at once,” I calmed her down. 
Annalise took my hand and squeezed it. She pursed her lips together and took a deep breath. “Time. We need time to think,” she said. She then rambled, stepping away from me. “Of course we do. Everyone needs it. I’ve done my time; I just need a little more.”
I turned to Father Corin and smiled. I could sense Annalise was about to have a breakdown. I could hear her claiming responsibility on the road for all of this, her words echoing as if I was hearing them on repeat. Part of me wanted to accept everything, but another wanted to protect the person who was about to blame herself for something she had no control over. I wish I knew now why I said what I had – which reason had been true? “I’m sorry. It really has been a long day. What do you need us to do?”
He arched his eyebrows and looked to Davion. Davion nodded, agreeable. “First, we are going to prepare you something to eat. Then, we will rectify the mistake Davion has made. With your distressing amount of ignorance, I will suggest you stay here.”
“Do I have to?” Melanie asked. We all turned and faced her. 
“You knew about this?”
She didn’t answer. Davion put out his hand and offered it to her. She slid past us. Her face was blank, and she joined Davion like she’d been rewritten over mentally. She refused to make eye contact with me and anyone else in the group. Davion took her hand in his and gripped. 
I was too stunned to speak. They left, clamping the door shut. We all heard the sound we’d expected to hear – a lock twisting into place. I could just hear Father Corin speaking brashly to Davion. I looked back at Annalise and Kayt. I couldn’t help but feel a stab in my chest. 
False Daniel whispered in my ear, ‘You could have seen this coming.’ 
Annalise walked to the wall beside a bed and hit it. She punched until her knuckles bled. Each sickening, thick blow resounded in my chest. She then backed up against the wall, closed her mouth and eyes, and fell into a seated position. 
Kayt moved to sit next to her, and swallowed breaths so deep that I felt she’d hyperventilate. “If it helps,” Kayt whispered. The room was so quiet and closed that I could hear her as if she was next to me. “You were right about being angry. And forgetting. Now I don’t want to forget. I want to remember what they’ve done to him.”
I leaned against the wall. I expected the False Daniel idea to start chiding me simply because I didn’t know what to do. The book fell out from my hands, and the spine impacted the ground, cracking the book open. Most were loose, but the final few pages were clipped together. They hung together like a large packet. Long ago, someone had bound the book by hand, only they hadn’t done a good job. Over the years, the creator must have tried roughshod methods of keeping it together. I knelt down and picked up the pages, surveying them. 
“I suppose I’m the one who got us here,” Annalise said. 
I didn’t have an answer for her. Kayt snuggled up to Annalise. Her tears were silent, and Annalise’s were the same. I sat down, too, and set the loose pages in my lap. Every now and then a crate scraped against the stone outside. 
After what seemed a lifetime, I took the pages that were clipped together and started reading. 
“Why did he give me this?” I asked, not expecting a response. 
“It’s just a story,” Annalise said. 
“No,” I continued scouring the pages. “This is what he’s been telling us, the stuff about Admiral Perry and Velric. I thought Davion said it was a book he’d come across – it was written by him.”
I flipped through the first few pages, recognizing word for word what Davion had told us about the landing of the ship, even Admiral Perry’s first attempt at communicating with Velric. To say the professor side of me had come out was an understatement. I knew then that everything I’d done at St. Michel’s had been important. Subsequently, I knew how stupid it was for me to run from a simple change in title; the subject matter didn’t change. My abilities to see what was beyond the story wouldn’t cease, and that was proven when I looked at Davion’s manuscript. 
“It’s a man reasoning with himself,” I said. “He’s finding a way to explain what he has done and why. Using the past to explain what he’s going through right now – turmoil, or what have you.”
“Like a Present Moment?” Kayt asked. She abled over to me, knelt down, and looked at the pages as well. 
“Davion knew what was coming, and this story – Admiral Perry – was what he connected with. That’s why he’s given it to us now. Why he’s been telling us the story on the way here. It probably made him feel better about what he was about to do,” I said. 
“Just stop, Leon,” Annalise urged. “This is pointless.”
“He wrote it,” I started. This was when I felt like I could have been back in the classroom. Me-Gen Literatures, regular Ancient Lit – it all told me how to interpret what Davion had written. I felt the happiness I did when I was back at St. Michel’s, simply teaching what I loved. “He had access to a typewriter, and something to print with. But he made sure to write it by hand so everyone would know it wasn’t part of the original story. Pen writing takes precision and time. He had to mean everything he wrote. I’d even venture a guess that he tilted the writing to the side for a reason – to add that extra step. Whether or not it was a subconscious choice, I don’t know.”
“And the tense is different from everything else,” Kayt said. 
She would have done well in my class. 
“Present tense. When postmodernism was defined as nothing more than a literary tool designed to make the writer stand out from thousands of similar stories, it was discovered that these tools came with a dozen other utensils. One of them was tense because it explained the writer’s state of mind. The past is something you can’t change. The future is something you can’t control. The present gives you the illusion of power over your own story. 
“It’s comforting – even if you have to exaggerate a little.”
Annalise rolled her eyes. 
“Which means Davion might not entirely believe in what he’s doing. We might have a way out through him after all,” I said. Whether or not I believed that, I still can’t say. It had been a few short moments since I’d last thought about False Daniel and listened while he tried to tear me down. I wished he’d been there to do it then, because it felt uncomfortable thinking about what I was about to say. 
“Sometimes you just have to stop fighting,” Annalise said.
“There’s rescue coming,” I said. “There’s insight in here.” 
“Father Corin did say that Davion had been sent to the Abbey after a great shake in his faith,” Kayt mumbled. “Maybe this was it.”
“Whatever happened to standing up and fighting back?” I asked Annalise. “We can get out of here. We have to, before the Belovores arrive. We have to warn the Cooper. I don’t know what they’re planning, but I know it will be a slaughter. You don’t stockpile on weapons when you’re working with the enemy.”

Annalise looked at me. In her eyes, I saw Lancaster, the people of Covenant, the man in the truck who got killed by the dart at the beginning of the day, and even Melanie – she may not have been dead, but she’d gone over to Davion’s way of thinking, and none of us had thought it possible. The difference was that Annalise’s greatest fear had been realized. 
Davion had unwillingly written his own Me-Gen Literature; he’d recorded his own Present Moment, and handed it to me hoping it would explain what he couldn’t. I hoped so too. But, I also hoped that in those pages, Davion would be explained. I have to believe that I couldn’t see the whole truth then, even though it was scrawled out on the pages. I also hope that, if I was truly blinded to Davion’s intention then maybe the end isn’t my fault. 

His eyes are drawn to the dozens of flags belonging to the Earthen United Nations - and a smattering of other outland colonies - planted in the Citadel grounds. Each one hangs limp against its pole, hushed in the windless morning. He feels the warmth of a metallic, alien storm lingering on the horizon, threatening from the east. He senses an electric breeze prematurely shocking his bones, throbbing up his back, reminding him that he’s well over fifty, and he should get back to the celebration before he feels even older. 
The Admiral strides back inside and finds a spot in an alcove of the Citadel's southern foyer, where hundreds had already gathered for what was called the ‘sunrise ceremony’. The Belovore Ambassador had been invited to speak, but his inclusion seems like a mere moment compared to the life the human settlers hold before them. This party, Perry realizes, is the first morning of a new and lonely, but human home. 
Yet, it still reminds him of the guilt niggling at the base of his skull. No more interference by those who can't decipher the meanings of property or ownership; no more worry about potential class war, or cultural faux pas. The thought is followed by a question: whose worry is that, really? This belongs to the future, not a settlement no more than a few years old.	
The alcove Perry stands in is a comfortable spot - concave, bright, and in full view of everyone - until Annika Granger arrives, handing him a glass of Blanc de Noirs like a peace offering. He gulps half his glass of champagne like a swig of oak aged whiskey and interrupts her greeting: "You don’t need to speak to me. Things change, Miss Granger," he says. "Not everyone wants to be like you anymore. Even the ones who made you." He rasps a hearty cloud of alcoholic breath and sucks it in through his teeth.
"And you aren't the expedition leader, anymore," she responds, immediately defensive. Two lightning bolt streaks of red colour her blonde bangs, pointing him to the centre of her eyes; the colour matches the silk, ruby dress she's hung loosely over her body. "You can't talk to us like we don't matter, Perry. Trust me or not, some people still believe in you." 
Perry glares silently down at her, attempting to make her leave of her own volition, but she doesn't take notice. Instead, she drones on and on about politics, the Belovores, and other subjects Perry had wanted to believe were dead. A sense of obligation drives his attempt to listen for cues in her voice, past the din of crowd, but he eventually chooses to hear the soft, vibrant strains of a violin quartet playing over the loudspeakers instead. 
His eyes refuse to follow her mouth; he opts to trace the elegant floral arrangements of purple and silver draped around the midline of the room, and follows their path as they lead out to the terrace - which he suddenly longs to return to - and back in. The rectangular room is a giant distraction from the double wide doors on one end to the stage that mirrors them. The windows on the wall opposite him, even though they sit open, do nothing to alleviate Perry's unease, nor does the crowd of celebrants filling out the shape of the room.	
Annika grabs his arm. Her nails cut into the sleeve of his dress jacket, pulling him into the moment. "Listen to me. Pay attention. We loved you once, Perry. You were the man who took us off the Irene and gave us soil to stand on; you made each and every one of us stand in front of a Belovore just so we'd know there was nothing to be afraid of. But now people don’t know how to treat you." 
Annika Granger had once been his pride and joy, the kind of soldier he should have been proud of. She’d done everything he’d asked, even teach the Belovores from his approved curriculum of stories. But she'd never been a soldier, and because of that, she embodies everything he despises. He'd fought so hard to keep the human perspective away from the beasts, yet he'd handed it to them through Annika. They didn't need to know how humans survived long-distance interstellar flights; as far as they knew, humanity was one with the gods in their eyes. Why tarnish that? But she'd disobeyed him and fled towards the Belovore settlements as they dwindled, had shared her secrets and experiences with the enemy, claiming to be on a humanitarian mission. 	 
She claimed that he, as an Admiral, should have known better, and he belatedly realized she was right—but he didn't know how to fix that without admitting that he'd inadvertently sent them to their deaths. He'd already gone above and beyond the call of duty in rationalizing his actions, claiming that sending the Belovores away was for the good of all the colonists, so how could he turn to his people and say the opposite? He’d even convinced the Belovores.
So Perry played the dreamer, and Annika played the pragmatist. He showed the Belovores how they could attain their greatest dreams by soaring amongst the stars and reach for bold, brave new horizons; she told them about the realities of space travel: sickness, the perpetual expanse of darkness that would become their daily routine, population control, and everything else that could end their journey prematurely. She had given every detail of survival on Irene with a stoic expression, unafraid of the consequences. It almost ruined everything. Yet, through every waking moment, Perry knows that Annika represents everything he should have been. He resents her for this. 
He downs the rest of his glass, hoping it would drown the hatred souring his stomach. The taste, he notices, is getting better. Bearable. Because now, when the thought occurs to him that he could change, he doesn't back away. He doesn't shy away from what people might think about what he'd done. 
"How many have you had, Perry?" Annika asks. 
He huffs, presses his empty glass into Annika's bare hands, and steps away to follow a server carrying a tray of more champagne near the centre of the room. 
He grabs two, swallows one, and stops long enough to look back, where he watches Annika attempting to hide a mask of disappointment. The look stands out to him as bright as the sunrise. She backs away and rubs a hand over her hair, patting down any yellow strands that have escaped her ponytail. 
It was for the good of the colony; they can survive, Perry insists silently. This happens every day and every second. It’s the only way to be forgiven. 
He stops at a pillar close to the stage and scans the crowd. The room is a slur of colours. He can see a swarm of eyes and bodies listing past him, each one someone he feels he needs to talk to - his brain tells him he has something to say to each and every one of them, something big, and something important. Today’s the first day in years that he feels like he’s part of a community again. This Belovore Initiative has stolen most of his time, and guilt – he should be able to apologize to people, but can’t. The only face his eyes focus on are Annika’s. She laughs and talks with an older man holding the kind of composure Perry attempts to mimic by straightening his shoulders and stiffening his spine. 
By then, the Blanc de Noirs swirls in his empty stomach, rushing through his veins with a pleasurable warmth that begs him to ignore the upcoming breakfast. The promise of a platter of crepes stuffed with traditional Sondranos fruits alongside a table-top of scones and muffins no longer holds any appeal. 
"Ladies and gentlemen," a plump, short woman wearing a velvet cravat interrupts the thrum of the crowd – Miss Russell, attaché to the absent Belovore ambassador. She looks to the edge of the dais - through Perry - and starts again, slower, but with a sense of purpose behind her words. Russell left him after she became obsessed with convincing the Belovores. She never agreed with his methods, but she agreed with the intent behind it. She extended her arms in a practiced but welcoming gesture, "Ambassador Velric would like to say a few words now that, as he says, the morning is in full bloom."
The crowd bursts into applause; it’s nothing like the polite welcome Perry had gotten when he'd arrived earlier. This kind is loud, obnoxious thundering. What he'd assumed would be a gentle event strikes at him like a knife twisting in his throat, severing his ability to speak. He pulls another drink off a passing waiter's tray, hoping this drink would dull his hearing. "I'm sorry, sir," the waiter grabs his tray and turns to face Perry, "That glass has already been used. I would be happy to bring you a fresh glass--or perhaps you would like to wait until breakfast has been served?" 
"You mean it hasn't already?" Perry whispers, and gulps it down. He stares at the waiter, ignoring the applause as it dies down, and hands the empty glass back. Perry doesn't know whose idea it was to serve champagne in the morning - even though such a ceremony calls for it - but the Admiral does know that he is starting to feel its benefits. 
Everything is melting away, replaced with the tender thought that he really can fix himself; admitting his faults is hard, but it no longer seems impossible, as he'd once thought. 
The double wide doors next to Perry open, revealing the ancient grey colour scheme of the hallway, directly contrasting the spring coloured foyer. In the arch, Ambassador Velric, leader of the Belovores and the one who'd stayed behind, stops long enough to bow to the crowd. 
He is a tall, gaunt creature. A bronze sheen evens out the ridges around his mouth, giving his flat face a gilded look; like all Belovores above maturity, his skin has hardened into a protective shell, sectioning off his limbs and joints like a knight’s armour. 
The Belovore hulks through the doorway; the ghost of a smile haunts his lips. He shuffles past the empty banquet tables and towards the stage. Seizing the opportunity, Perry steps into the path of the Belovore and holds up his hand. The Belovore stops in front of him and eyes him with a curious glance through bloodshot eyes. "I just want to say, Velric," Perry makes sure his voice is loud and clear, "I am proud to have been the first human your people began to trust. It was a great honour being such a distinct figure in your history."
Nobody applauds; Perry looks around, expectant: he'd thought they would appreciate the gesture. This is him now; this is a leader prepared to admit his mistakes. 
Annika stars at him through the sea of faces, the only pair of eyes that can frown back at him and burn a judgmental hole through his chest. 
"Thank you Langston Perry," the Belovore speaks. "I am glad for your honour."
A collective sigh and general delight sweeps over the crowd; it’s a response to Velric, but not him. As the Belovore steps past him, Perry feels the moment slipping away. He wants to say something else, but can't find the words. Instead, he looks around for another glass of Blanc de Noirs. When he can't find one nearby, he scans the crowd, worried they can read his gaze, and returns casually to the pillar next to the stage. Perry knows it isn't over. He’ll have another shot. But first, he wants another drink. 
"Anger, love, frustration, resentment," Velric begins after stepping up onto the dais. The entirety of the crowd, except for Perry, watches eagerly. "None of these can change. They are the foundation of our greatest problems. I, as Belovore; you, as human: both stagnant. That can no longer be a wall we conceal ourselves behind. We have taken the first steps to the next ontogenesis."
Perry takes in a deep breath and falls back against the pillar. He can't do it. His mind swirls in time with his gut. He feels like he could slip out without anyone noticing, but is too tired to make the first move. 
"The Belovores, as a race, were dying because there was no change. We spent civilizations attempting to secure our evolution, trying to reach for a conversion that did not come. We needed a step forward, something bigger than our own existence. We needed allies on the path. We needed the human race to show us that the stars were our salvation." Perry stifles a nervous laugh when he hears the Belovore utter that last word -- it was all the justification they'd needed, all Perry had to invoke to convince the Belovores to flee the planet in search of some cosmic development. "There is a single being to show gratitude for this. And, as such, today, I wish to give credit to this being."
Perry stiffens up, the slow haze that’s been ebbing itself over his brain melts away in an instant. He had been responsible for the change to which Velric referred. He flattens down the front of his button down, navy blue uniform, straightens the medals pinned to the left breast, and pops his neck to the side. 
"Annika Granger," Velric calls out, "please join my side. I wish to thank you in the way the Belovores know most intimately."
Another burst of applause and cries of excitement startle Perry; his head knocks into the pillar when the sound cracks against his ears. His heart drops into the furthest, darkest chasm in his chest; a lump of heavy guilt throbs just below his throat. He watches as Annika strides through the huddled mass of people, each one stepping out of her way, eying her with a grandeur that makes Perry want to punch something. He knows that the intimate gratitude Velric mentioned is nothing more than a genuflection, but it still bothers him. It should be his. 
Annika's heels click against the marble platform as Velric helps her stand beside him. Perry responds by attempting to turn around and make a bee-line for the door. However, as he turns, he realizes that he's set his own trap. The crowd has huddled up behind him, close enough so that he can't leave without causing a commotion. Attempting to shuffle around the pillar provides no exit either, as it straddles the same wall that has been used to line up the banquet tables. He could either climb over the tables or draw direct attention to himself by attempting to push through the crowd. Right now, he feels too old to do the first, and too hazy to commit to the second. 
"Thank you, Ambassador Velric," Annika says. Perry's head pounds at the sound of her voice. "I am extremely proud to be the one chosen for this rite. But I can't steal that honour from you."
"Annika," Velric intones, "Your leader gave us the technology. But because of your integrity, we attained the dignity and the knowledge to survive. I would not have asked had I not already realized the implications. Please, perform the rites."
"I only did what certain people couldn't to do," Annika smiles, gracious. She looks at the Admiral. "We all set our own traps. I wasn't going to let the potential death of your species weigh on my conscious."
"Stop it!" Perry can't take anymore; guilt is eating at the cores of his eyes. "Just stop it. None of this would have happened had I not spearheaded the entire campaign!" He feels his body taking a lurch forward before his mind tells it to do anything; he watches from the corner of his mind as he climbs up on the stage and stumbles towards Annika. 
"Admiral," Russell, adjusting her velvet cravat with a nervous hand, calls to him from the opposite end of the stage. Perry has forgotten the Belovore's attaché was there. "I'm going to have to ask you to come down." 
"Let me speak," Perry yells. He looks out at the sea of faces. Everyone gives him their undivided attention: as it should be, but his heart aches.
"Sir, the ceremony," Russell interrupts. A trio of blue uniformed guards join her at the edge of the stage; their staunch faces rebound between Perry and Velric with indecision. Perry knows they won't move against a superior officer. Good, he thinks, give me my chance. 
"I suggest you step down, Langston Perry," Velric says, stepping into Perry's line of sight. 
He stares down the Belovore. "No," he says, resolute, "I've stood to the side long enough. I let Annika be your hero because this place needed one; but it ends here. She isn't a hero; she's just another one of my people, one of the tools I planted in front of you to get you to leave Sondranos." 
Perry barely feels the words leaving his mouth. They’re like a sickness pouring out from his lungs, riding the stench of alcohol. 
"We know who you are," Velric says. "And Annika Granger is more a hero than you will ever be. You tried to pass fiction off as truth, unwilling to admit the truth within the fiction." 
Perry's mind races, grabbing at every, and any, memory that surfaces. "She was my voice, and you listened."
"Annika told us you would say something like this eventually. She said you suffer." Velric says. "Rest assured that we hold no ill will against your actions. Your natural intention to fool us entirely failed."
"I'm sure you have no idea what I've suffered from," Perry rasps. His throat is parched, he wants another drink, but instead savours the words that have begun to feel like whiskey scouring the back of his throat. His inhibitions have drowned with the last glass; his heart and cloudy mind race in their stead. 
Annika stands behind Velric, watching Perry with a careful glare. Another one of her thin looks adorns the corner of her cherry-red lips, mocking him. Perry steps towards Annika, not knowing what he’s going to do. He hears Russell call out to him again, and orders the guards to intervene. 
"Stand down," Perry calls to the guards, "I'm not done here."  
As he tries to step around Velric, the Belovore refuses to move. He steps to the other side, almost tripping over the distance of his stride. Velric mirrors him. 
"Weren't you listening?" Perry yells. He feels something moist stinging at his eyes. Nothing can penetrate the creature's thick skull. Without feeling it, Perry lifts his fist and strikes the Belovore in the chest. He pulls his hand back with the sound of his popping knuckles, his throbbing fists. A gasp issues from the part of the crowd closest to him. The Belovore does nothing. 
"Lieutenant Benn," Perry shouts an order to the largest of the guards, "Please escort Ambassador Velric out of my way."
"Admiral Perry," responds Benn as he climbs onto the stage, walks around Velric, and approaches the Admiral's side. "I am afraid I have to ask you to stand down, under the authority of the new Sondranos militia." The sound of a weapon being charged rises in the air, the tension as thick as a cloud of mist. 
"What do you think you're doing, lieutenant?" Perry faces Benn. 
"You are currently incapacitated," he says. "We have to assume that you are not acting in the best interest of Sondranos." 
"The best interest of Sondranos was getting rid of the Belovores in the first place!" Perry yells. That’s why so few of you argued with me!” 
His heart freezes in his chest; he can recall saying that same exact phrase to so many others - including Annika - after the program had begun. Something about Benn's uniform causes him to see red blistering the corners of his sight. Perry rips open the cover of his own jacket, scattering his medals to the floor – it’s easy to forget they had been decorating his chest like leaves on a dying tree. 
"Why do you think I promised them space flight? Why do you think I sent Annika to convince the Belovores that the only chance they had at survival rested in leaving? I did it, I destroyed them!"
That hits him harder than he expects. The words linger on his tongue, bitter and distinct. He feels disappointment welling up inside his throat, replacing the hatred. His eyes, his throat, his lungs hurt; tears ache from his periphery.  
"I've only ever had the best interest of Sondranos at heart," Perry slumps. He looks past Velric's massive shoulders, at Annika. "That's all. I used to think that was enough."
The lieutenant steps towards him and releases his hand off the holstered weapon. Benn regards him with sympathetic eyes; his care is deep and dark. Perry considers asking for another drink, just to calm his nerves. "It'll be okay. Let's go out to the terrace and get you some fresh air."
Perry no longer wants to see anyone in the room, so he turns away, gathering what shreds of composure he can muster. He'd let his emotions take over; he'd gone too far. Sometimes men have to let go before they can do what’s right for their home. 
"I apologize on behalf of Admiral Perry," Annika's voice rebounds throughout the room behind him.  
Perry stops. The sound of her voice gives rise to something harsh inside him, something wicked. All the hatred he feels looking in the mirror reflects back in Annika's eyes, striking at him deeper than ever before. She is the embodiment of the parts he hates most about himself. 
Perry rams his elbow into the Lieutenant and grabs the weapon in Benn's holster. He pushes past people while fingering a switch on the butt of the gun to full power, safety off. He treads heavily on the marble, placing Annika within the sights of the barrel. Perry squints at the little red dot fixated on the girl's chest, right above her heart. Perry pulls the trigger; a deafening explosion rocks his ears, replacing the cries of the crowd with a shrill, crisp whine. 
A hulk of bronze interrupts his sight: Velric stands in front of him. He can't feel the trigger; he can't feel his fingers. Something is wrong, this isn't him. And God -- his leg pulsates with pain. He needs another drink. Now. Something to bring back the man he was before; bring back the soldier, the Admiral. 
He can't stand; his legs give out beneath him. Something has happened, he’s fired the gun, so why was he the one going down? 
Annika peers around the Belovore's side, a look of sadness pulling the grin away from her lips. Perhaps that’s the look she'd always worn. She isn't growling at him, nor is she mocking him. She isn't the girl he'd seen at all. Her blonde hair hangs light over her soft, supple neck, teasing a face adorned with fear. Her frame is small and slender, frail. Her eyes well up with tears as Perry watches her lips mumble something he can't hear. 
Velric kneels down beside the Admiral; the creature's form shifts back and forth in fluid motion as the Admiral's sight blurs. His leg throbs from the thigh down to his toes. "Your people, they'll die out there; I sent them to their deaths," Admiral Perry whispers, believing that each word was something he shouldn't hold on to. "I'm sorry."
Velric leans in close; Perry notices a small bullet sized indention on the Belovore's chest, right above where a human's heart would be. The hole didn't penetrate the armour, and the bullet wasn't there. 
Velric places a hand on the Admiral's shoulder. It’s strangely soft, feathery, and even through the Belovore's thick plating it feels like there’s something kind and gentle    . Two guards fumble about his body, ripping through his uniform and groping at the part of his leg that throbs with a pain that Perry's anguished mind can't comprehend. It reminds him of his early days in the Earth Militia, long before he'd known that Irene was a ship destined for his command. It triggers the scent of gunpowder, old and ancient; it brings out the taste of acrylic flash powder, the kind used in more modern firearms. 
"You're going to be fine Admiral," Russell says while Benn cuts off the leg of Perry's pants. Benn wraps a long stretch of fabric around the bulk of his thigh. He catches stray strands of phrases mumbled by voices he can't place: "Damn, the bullet bounced back and hit you… had to put it on full power, didn't you … Well, at least Velric slowed it down…"
He watches Velric lean in again, stealing Perry's attention from his periphery. He can’t believe the bullet bounced off the Belovore and hit him – though he knows he deserves it. "We are stronger than you give us credit for, Langston Perry. Annika took your blame; the burden of our fate is no longer yours to carry.”  
Admiral Perry sets his head back on the floor and closes his tired eyes. He drowns out the pain, the sound of the room, the murmurings of his lieutenant and the panicked voices of the crowd, to focus on the only memory he can muster: Velric walking into the Irene that first day, asking to touch the ship that they couldn’t believe existed. They’d had the future before them, the belief that they could make their new home a better place. In the crowded foyer, Admiral Perry inhales the first deep breath he can muster through the pain, and weeps. 
He is forgiven.  As are we all. 

After we’d finished reading the story Davion had written, we sat in silence. 
‘We wouldn’t be alive now without her,’ Davion’s words echoed off the walls. I could hear them in the back recesses of my mind, but I couldn’t fathom what kind of damage they’d done to Annalise. If we were to be rescued by whatever Father Corin and his Forgiven planned, the first place to look was in the book. The answers were there, true. But we could only sense the shape they’d hoped to make. If you can only see the shape now too, then maybe there is hope for my own salvation after all. But one thing was absolutely clear in that moment: if Annalise was to be saved from the fears and anger from the responsibilities now foisted upon her, then I had to save her. 












Chapter Eleven:
Confrontation


After Annalise, Kayt, and I examined Davion’s book, we had time. None of us wanted to talk, so we sat on the beds and closed our eyes. I was more concerned with Annalise than Kayt. I could see that Kayt wanted revenge for Lancaster now, and had put the urge to blame herself to the side. Every sound from the corridor made her twitch, and she clenched her fists together in her lap. Annalise sat still, perfectly silent. Even when a large crate was dropped near our door, clamouring loudly against the stone, Kayt and I jumped – but Annalise acted as if nothing had happened. 
The room wasn’t cold; however, it was not as cold as it could have been. An internal heating system piped in warm air from a vent on the floor next to the bed I sat on. I couldn’t imagine the vent systems built under all the stone and rocks that made the foundation. My mind drifted inwards as I shifted my weight around and rested on the bed. An unspoken thought rebounded through all of us, and maybe that’s why we couldn’t look at each other: the night would be very long if we were left alone. 
We all sat in silence; we waited for Davion or Father Corin to return. I fell asleep without realizing it, completely oblivious to how tired I was.

Ever since International Aeronautics re-pioneered the commercial spaceflight industry, travel has gone in three segments – provided you’ve booked a one way flight. The first is transport to the main ship, the second is the journey, and the third is the disembarkation flight. Each ship is modified and geared towards its task, but you don’t pay extra unless you want a fancier suite on the primary flight. Many people experience long nights on the primary. It makes me think of an academic paper I read long ago, before St. Michel’s, about the sudden influx of topics such as ‘My First Star-Flight’ and ‘What I Did While Waiting For The Dis-Embarking’ on grade school papers, even up to grad school. A by-product of cultural change, the paper called it. They were all focused on how much time there was to think on-board. I understood exactly what that meant when I first left Earth, and hopped on board the Korsikov bound for Sondranos – many things could seem long, but when you have no sunrise or sunset, it feels like time has ceased to exist. 
I’d been sitting in the air terminal, waiting for them to call the Sondranos ticket. I was surprisingly calm – my mind was still solidly made up that leaving Earth was a good idea, and that I had to get out before everything I loved was gone or downgraded. When they called it, I boarded one of the sixteen world-wide transports bound for the star-liner Korsikov. I was upgraded to business class for a small sum when the airline personnel discovered that only seven people would be making the flight. I asked the ticketing agent why the flight was still going, and the answer was succinct:
‘You don’t fly if you have no people these days, Mr Bishop,’ the ticketing agent scanned my ticket, checked my ID. ‘Colonies don’t run on warm bodies.’
Feeling awkward, but grateful for the distraction, I boarded.  
 I boarded with a family of three: a mother, father, and their teenage son. The boy wanted to be anywhere else but there. It could only have been a family vacation. Transport seats are naturally small, but smaller if you have a carry-on. I didn’t, so I enjoyed the leg room and the lack of something looming overhead on the wire rack. The family balanced three large suitcases and two smaller bags in the seats surrounding. I didn’t speak to them, and they didn’t speak to me. 
I would be remiss to say that I didn’t consider what I left behind. Occasionally, my mind drifted alongside what I would be leaving behind: Daniel, St. Michel’s, and my rent payments. Taxes would build up,  and so would late-payments, especially if they had to declare me as a delinquent on account of having abandoned the place. It would take Daniel less than twenty-four hours to know I was gone. I pulled out the computer touchpad situated in the armrest, and switched it on. That was when I started transferring money and put a hold on my Earth account. Daniel knew the password to my online information, and would have easily been able to see that I’d bought a ticket to Sondranos – however, locking the account froze all activity, blocking recent purchases from sight. 
The Korsikov was the quintessential International Aeronautics vessel. Long and sleek, nothing like the bulky ancient derelicts or colony vessels. Two large beams stretched from port to stern, and the command bridge stared out from the front end with two large spotlights. The lights came from visual sensors which projected the surroundings to the bridge. Dozens of the same lights lined the top and bottom of the ship. Two on the bottom flickered sporadically, and I could already see repair crews in EVA suits fumbling out of a hatch to fix them. 
When I would see the Irene descending on Sondranos some time later, I wouldn’t even consider that they’d come from the same shipyard only four hundred some-odd years apart. 
The Captain greeted us at the Korsikov’s hatch. The other passenger transports had been staggered for the last six hours. When we arrived, he’d received us with a book clenched in his hand and a tired look pulling down his features. His smile was the only thing about him that seemed welcoming – the rest was precise and methodical. I felt safe looking at him, which is exactly what I was supposed to feel. 
‘Going straight to, or connecting?’ he asked.
‘Connecting where?’
‘You’re either going to visit Sondranos proper, or going to the Munich colonies half a dozen clicks away.’
‘Ah. Straight to Sondranos.’
‘Good man,’ he clapped me on the back. I wouldn’t see him beyond this moment, unless you count hearing his voice on ship updates or the videos they posted through the entertainment system, where he gave visual tours of the bridge and a couple instructional videos on spaceflight for the younger generation. 
I started through the cabin hatchway and looked into the next compartment. Dozens of seats lined the wall, a couple with monitors attached to thin rods. Again, no windows. This was the waiting room. Beyond it was crew quarters, followed by recreational rooms, a theatre, a casual dining hall, a formal dining hall, and then the passenger quarters. On nearly every deck below us, –– this was repeated, save for the theatre. 
Each floor had something different in place of the theatre. Ten decks and that was the only variation. My quarters were on the second floor, where the theatre space had been turned into a kennel. You might be wondering why they took off – much as I did. It took six days for me to learn why the Korsikov took off with such a small amount of people on board. Aside from crew, roughly eighty percent of the passenger quarters had been gutted and filled with anything the Munich colonies needed to rebuild after a powerful solar tropical storm. Giant locks were situated on the doors, and I only caught a glimpse when a crewman slipped inside to check on the foodstuffs. 
Ironically, now that I think of it, there were enough raw materials and basics on the Korsikov that voyage to rebuild Sondranos into the Stone Age. If only they’d had the ability to shorten travel to a few weeks back when the colony was founded, ships like the Korsikov would have prevented the attack from ever happening. Then again, just like what I’m doing now, afterthought can serve as the answer to anything if you dwell on it long enough. 
I turned back to the Captain before heading down the hallway to find my quarters, ‘Is it nice there?’
With nobody behind me, he’d opened his book. He looked up from it, beyond the rim of his glasses. ‘On Sondranos? Sure. Self-sustaining, so you don’t need to worry about going hungry. Wonderful night-life. If I wasn’t charging forward after disembarkation, I’d love to go down there for a night or two. There’s this wonderful little place called the Davies’ Pub. You should try it. Blend of old Earth cuisine with a high content nutrient base. You’ll be full for hours.’
‘What about activities?’
‘Well, depends on your pleasure. Do you like escapism, or involvement?’
I held back a nervous laugh. ‘Escapism, I suppose.’
The Captain brandished his book. I’m sure I would have recognized it if I’d looked. ‘Good, then you’ll want to visit the literary quarter. Apparently, Sondranos has a large collection of literature from the colonies and Earth. They say it’s how the colony was founded - on the backs of books. These things got spines that last for longer than you might think. Don’t know how it shaped them, though. Don’t much care as long as they keep doing what they do. They’re mostly digital, but they can print a book out for you if you haven’t got the device yet. It’s where I got this one.’
‘Thanks,’ I said. I started down the rest of the hatchway and smelled something cooking. I’d supposed it was breakfast time somewhere, and I hadn’t bothered with checking the time since the transport up. 
‘You know, we got a fine selection of books here. Some my own private stock,’ The Captain called out. ‘You’re more than welcome to borrow one if you need something to read. What’s your fancy?’
‘I like historical.’
‘A man after my own heart,’ the Captain said. ‘Door’s open. Anytime!’
I walked the length of the ship, and the Captain’s words still rang in my ears. I would take him up on his offer and pick up a novel about the founding of the Munich colonies – since that was where the ship headed next. My reasoning was that it would give me an idea of where to go on vacation, although I’d also considered being a stow-away just to get further away from Earth. 
While/As I shuffled through the compartments, showing my ID card given at the time of arrival and my digital passport, I surveyed the pictures on the wall. Digitally printed lines of text explained that the Korsikov had been making the Sondranos run for less than five years, having taken over from its sister ship. Every year, the travel time got shorter thanks to more refined Aurichrome and engine stability. 
By the time I reached the end of that particular hallway – stopping long enough at the awards for cruise service and pictures of the staff – I felt like I’d been walking for an hour. It had only been ten minutes. At the end, a man greeted me wearing a white uniform with the name of the ship embroidered on the lapel. 
‘Welcome sir,’ he said. ‘My name is Echols. I will be your steward for your journey. May I tell you about the amenities in your room now, or would you like to take a moment to settle?’ 
I said now would be fine and he led me to my quarters talking about the coolant system, the pressurized shower, and the dozens of other trinkets I’d take for granted. He then displayed a charge sheet for things I had no reason to purchase. He concluded by stopping at my door and placing his hand on his chest. ‘I would like to welcome you to the Korsikov. You are heading to a glorious place, Mr. Bishop. I would gladly spend my vacation time there if I ever landed on a route synonymous with the Sondranos flight schedule.’
‘It seems a lot of people would like to go there,’ I mumbled. 
‘Of course, sir. Do you have any questions before I leave?’
‘How is the economy there?’
‘I’m sorry, sir?’
‘Jobs. How easy is it to find a job?’
‘Depends on what you know, sir,’ he said. ‘But Sondranos offers much in the way of business. Family run shops, historical centres, data processing, public service, anything you would find on Earth – except for private sector. Those jobs are requisitioned through International Aeronautics’ Defense Fleet ships. They have pretty good weapons control laws, so it’s not really an issue. Unless you like beating people up. Then you can probably find a job as a bouncer, or something.’ He smiled and winked. 
‘Thank you,’ I said. I nodded politely, and he did the same. We left with nothing more than ‘Have a good night.’ 
The room I’d spend the journey in was a handicapped room. A large open space between the door and bed left an empty spot where I could have rested maybe a dozen suitcases. The bathroom was the same – large, no tub, and two steel rods between the toilet and shower that could double as towel racks when not being used as stands. As for the bed, the spread was thick, and I contemplated calling the reception area for something thinner. Once night came, I found it worked quite well if I put the air conditioning unit on high. 
There was always something to investigate: channels offered on the video screen, movies listed in the digital database; the near-to-constant stream of buffets on deck seven; entertainment by the handful, from trivia to bingo; and all of it was at my fingertips. I managed to convince myself at one point that I was on a planned trip, having muttered aloud while lying in bed, ‘Daniel would love this.’  
This is what I dreamed in our cell at the MacKinnon Commune, and when I woke, I wanted nothing more than to be back on the Korsikov -even if it meant embracing my ignorance, and placing higher importance on selfish matters.   

Kayt woke me when Father Corin slid the door open, allowing the hinges to alert us to his presence. Annalise pulled herself off the bed. She popped her neck. Her lips flattened, her eyes fixed on a point ahead of her, and she even adjusted her shirt in a way that brought out her chest. If I didn’t know any better, I could have sworn she was getting ready for a job interview. 
“The meal is ready,” Father Corin said.
“That’s perfect,” I said. “What are we having?”
“The feast will prepare you for morning,” he said. “As such, we have prepared potatoes and a dozen cuts of meats and cheeses. And a tart for dessert. Davion helped in the preparation. His charge also informed us that all you’d had to eat was on the road.”
His charge? That’s what Melanie had become – I wondered if she was aware. 
“Show us the way,” I shrugged. 
Father Corin smiled. He stepped out of the doorway and held out his hand. “If you will come, I would be delighted to escort you to the dining hall.”
I let Annalise and Kayt leave first. Kayt took Annalise’s hand and clenched it tightly enough to make the skin blush. None of us made eye contact. Father Corin stood by me as we left the way we’d come in. Half a dozen more crates had been stacked along the hallway. I looked behind and caught a glimpse of the gunshot damage on the wall, over which someone had placed a DO NOT TOUCH sign. As far as I knew, those weapons relied on pulses of energy. Much like armour piercing rounds, they could penetrate the covering of anyone’s armour by collapsing the integrity of the plates while maintaining the force of the propulsion. They would make good weapons against the Belovores, provided they were used for that purpose. I had the feeling, however, that their use was to support the Belovore cause.
Coursing down the hallway slowly, I made a mental list of what I needed to find out. First was how many knew that Father Corin and Davion had worked with the Belovores; second, how many people in the Commune agreed with their deal, and who could be swayed into a non-support role. The next task would be to find out what Father Corin expected to do. With the Cooper landing, how could he imagine helping the Belovores before everyone got killed? And in the meantime, how could I convince Annalise that she couldn’t have known what Davion had been leading us into. 
A young lad, no more than thirteen, opened the door to the outside. He couldn’t have known what Father Corin had been planning, or had done – I refused to entertain that idea. He’d been dressed in clean pressed robes that hugged his body and bore the insignia of the MacKinnon Commune – a thin stencilling of a large ‘M’ with a ‘K’ branching out of the right-most leg. A circle surrounded it, and an upside down triangle adorned the centre, placed behind the lettering. Annalise walked through first, nodding her thanks to him, and Kayt and I followed. I took in the fresh burst of air as it rushed through. The scent of burning leaves and the smell of Blanc de Noirs returned. It hung onto my sinuses, clinging longer than I wished. 
Father Corin led us to the banquet hall. Along the way, my mind played a ‘pick and choose’ game. See that woman over there? She knows, she helped. See that man? Oblivious? Those two kids? Well, one knows, but the other one with the sinister eyes is absolutely clueless. Doesn’t even know where he lives, much less what a commune means. We kept silent and looked forward. We said nothing, and didn’t veer from the path. I was surprised Father Corin didn’t suspect anything. 
We stopped outside, on the same path which led us to the barracks before. Though the lights along the roadside had changed – grown harder and stiffer through the darkness – they were unmistakable. In threes, more Belovores that I had ever seen clomped onto the grounds through the main gate. They varied in height and colour, but all had the same bloodthirsty glare in their eyes. They observed as they walked, their chelimbs to their torso and large arms locked in position against their sides. Some looked chipped, and their plates were raw around the edges, but all seemed more than capable of continuing. My heart dropped in my chest when I saw one missing a chelimb – I wondered if it would recognize us. 
Maybe someone else had damaged that one? Hopefully someone else had. I, at least, had the comfort of knowing that Chest-Plate, Vertebrae and Third were dead. Chest-Plate definitely.
Davion had called the people of the commune Forgiven earlier, and I could see why. A dozen Forgiven watched as the Belovores continued to come, stopping near the edge of the wall and bowing to their knees. Their hands held out, palms first, as if to apologize for their existence. The Belovores gave them no heed. The Forgiven bowed and refused to lift their heads until all the Belovores had entered. I looked closely. I didn’t see Davion. 
Annalise continued walking towards the hall with Father Corin, but Kayt staggered. I had to catch her to keep her balanced. She hyperventilated softly. I moved her to my other side, wrapped her arm in mine, and led her on, making sure that every time she turned her head to the entrance, I was there to distract. 	
Father Corin said. “You’ll have time, later. I want you to meet the best of us. The one who will usher us into a new age.”
“Don’t they all say that?” Kayt mumbled.
I glanced back again and tried to count. More Forgiven rallied at the entrance to bow to the Belovores as they poured into the compound. Some moved from the front of their crowds to the back when the Belovores advanced. Even though the monsters weren’t paying attention, some of the Forgiven acted like they were only going along until they could figure out what was going on. 
Father Corin slowed us down just before we got to the Keep. Alongside the door was a sign that read Great Hall in raised cursive script. Annalise pushed her hair back with a trembling hand and anger in her eyes. She took the handle of the door. Father Corin did the same for the other door. Kayt and I went through, taking in the scenery with part admiration, part fear. The hall loomed above us. Crossbeams strung cobwebs down from the rafters like strings of lights. Bulbs similar to the ones along the courtyard jutted out from sconces on each pillar. A dozen tables, all lined together towards the front of the room, were empty. Bowls of fruit – some rotting, some half eaten, and some fresh – had been placed sporadically on each table. For a Keep, it didn’t meet the same expectations literature had always pre-ordained. 
At the front of the room was a pulpit with a table beneath a long white cloth. Behind that stood an empty throne taller than any of us. Our table had been set just shy of the pulpit. Five placemats and large cups of water waited for us. Melanie sat in one of the spots.  She looked into her lap, restraining herself from staring in our direction. She seemed clean. Her hair had been combed back, and she had washed her face. She’d even been given new clothes – robes, no doubt, from the quartermaster of the Commune. 
Kayt pressed her hand into mine when she saw Melanie, her anger seething through the way she gripped me without catching her own strength. Annalise followed behind us. 
Our footsteps echoed down the hallway. It was like someone clapping slowly as we made our shame-faced walk to be fed. None of the dishes had been served, so it felt like we’d arrived early to our own party. Kayt sat next to Melanie one the other side of the table at Father Corin’s urging, and faced Annalise and I. We left the spot next to me open. We all thought the same thing, looking at the empty spot. Either Davion was meant to join us, or would do so soon enough. 
“Right,” Father Corin clapped. “I can see that you are settling down, so I will be right back. I must tell the kitchen that you are ready to feast.”
He turned quickly, headed towards the pulpit at the front of the Hall, and turned right. He disappeared down a corridor, and a door swished shut out of sight. Our eyes trained on Melanie. Kayt scooted a few inches away, and I locked eyes on her until she looked up.  
“Be passive,” Melanie said.
“Is that you speaking, or Davion?”
“I have my reasons,” Melanie said.
“We all have reasons. It doesn’t mean we side with the people who destroyed an entire city,” I said. 
“Or killed our friends,” Kayt added. 
“I’m not responsible for any of that,” Melanie said. “You were there in the Abbey, Leon. You listened when I told you I would do anything it takes to find out what happened to my father. I’m doing that.”
“And how is that going for you?” I asked.
She didn’t acknowledge the disdain in my voice. “Had I not gone with Davion, and had he not trusted me, I wouldn’t have gotten here. I wouldn’t have found out what happened to my Dad and I certainly wouldn’t be able to cope right now,” she said. “I was breaking down. None of you really cared. Davion was the only one who talked to me and tried to help me through it. You had your groups.”
I flashed back to the moment outside, when we’d all stopped to cook dinner: Melanie’s panic attack, and how we’d all allowed Davion to help without sayinging a word – simply because we thought it was something Davion could handle. 
“We cared,” I said. 
False Daniel popped into my mind: ‘You only cared when she could help your cause. How delightfully fair-weathered of you.’
“Outside of the cellar, how many of you asked about me?” Melanie asked. She leaned forward. “I don’t care about ‘oh, Mels, how are you?’ or any of that. You all assumed that I was doing fine. My entire life was in that city. Annalise was outside, and Kayt was with someone. Even then, she and Lancaster lived outside the limits. Leon, you’re on vacation. How many of you stopped to think that I’d just lost every bit of my life?”
“That doesn’t give you reason to side with them,” Kayt muttered.
“No, it doesn’t. But it gives me the right to do things on my own,” she bit back. 
“So you pretended to be brainwashed,” I said. 
“You guys acted like I was just another girl in the group, and never bothered to get to know me,” Melanie said. “You kept making assumptions about me and what I’d want to do, but you never actually talked to me or asked questions. When it was clear you all had your own circle, I made an assumption of my own and moved forward with my own agenda.”
I’ve done my best to recall exactly how I thought about Melanie up to this point, and looking back on the pages I’ve written: she’s right. I passed her on to Davion and Annalise assumed she could take care of the car simply because Davion said she could. Even in the woods, Melanie had been nothing but straightforward with us when we spoke to her, and yet we still glossed over her when it came to the same questions we’d asked of each other. 
While it was true that we were busy, it was also true that we’d made time for each other.
The silence was heavy, enough to make me think the wind pushing up against the Keep was an aftereffect of the anger Melanie was trying to convey. She was right. I’d asked about her in the cellar, but that was it. I’d spent all my time with Annalise, listening to her story and talking with her. I’d even given Kayt more consolation than Melanie. I suddenly found it very hard to blame her for thinking she couldn’t come to us with her thoughts. 
“What about your father?” I asked. “Did you learn anything?” 
Melanie told us the whole story, and I hope I’ve done it justice. My hand is tense, and I stutter to even write. My many mistakes fly past my eyes. 

Davion was nervous, that much was clear. Melanie followed him as they parted ways with Father Corin, just after locking Leon, Annalise, and Kayt in the chamber room. When Father Corin was far enough away, Davion turned to Melanie. 
“I thought I was protecting you,” he started. 
“From what?”
“But now, I don’t know what to believe. I’d hoped you’d moved past this, but it’s become clear you need an answer. Father Corin sentenced your father to death. I sent him here shortly after he came to me at the Abbey.”
“So, you knew the entire time?”
“And I am paying for it,” Davion answered. “I thought he was looking for guidance, so I sent him to Father Corin. A couple weeks later, I heard that he got so drunk one night that he burst into a young woman’s room in the barracks, started arguing with her over why his beliefs were the best. When asked  to leave, he  assumed it was a fight and killed the young woman by cracking her over the head with a hammer. Father Corin took charge of the situation, and your father was killed in the scuffle.” 
“If you didn’t want to tell me then, why are you telling me now?”
“Father Corin told me the Belovore return would be an effortless fight and that the Belovores would take back what they wanted without any resistance. I presumed it meant a peaceful surrender. I have reason to believe your father was a victim. Father Corin did not tell me the full truth about the Belovores, so I believe he was not up front about your father.” Davion grabbed her hands. He’d been close to weeping, but held back the tears. 
Melanie laughed and let her hands fall to her side. Davion’s attempt at pacification turned to curiosity. “Davion, you have to know that Percival Nesbit wasn’t exactly a good man. My Dad was this huge misogynist who looked up to guys who treated women like objects, and beat my mother occasionally. I wasn’t looking to ‘reunite with my daddy.’” Melanie took a breath, “The truth is: I just wanted to know if he was dead.”
Davion closed his eyes and set his face towards the sky. He sighed and sucked in a deep breath. His frown was one of approval. He then took Melanie’s hand again and held it. “Come then, allow me to show you around the compound.”
What Melanie learned and explained in her tourist-like stroll around the commune, I have already described. She was taken to the Keep, to the barracks, and shown the living spaces of more than half the area. They strolled in the gardens, and watched as the commune set the crates of weapons along the barracks wall, readying them for service. 

After she was done, I stated: “Davion’s not doing too well with this.” 
“I felt we might be able to use Davion’s doubts if we need to get out of here. I didn’t have the heart to tell him that Father Corin was probably right to punish my dad, and that what happened was probably very true.” 
“What have they been saying about the Belovores?” Kayt asked. 
“Everyone here knows about their return – but Father Corin told them, just like Davion, it would be non-violent. He says the Belovores have returned and will need help from the commune, as they will be looked upon as monsters by the colony. There are weapons all over the commune, and the people here think they’re supposed to protect the Belovores when it comes down to it. Only, nobody within these walls has a clue that Sondranos is actually gone. They know the Belovores landed, but they’re certain the skirmishes were small and contained to only the more violent of us.”
Annalise and Kayt nodded, Melanie wiped her eyes and sat back. I said: “Either way, we have to get out of here. The Belovores are already massing behind the walls.”
“Why?” Melanie asked. 
“Don’t know – but it might have to do with this idea of protection you mentioned. There are weapons all over,” I said. “Knowing that Davion might be doubting himself is definitely something we can use.”
“I sensed fear when he told me about my father,” Melanie’s tone softened. 
Kayt fumbled with the fork and spoon cup left in the centre of the table. She pulled one of the forks away and pocketed it. I was about to do the same when Annalise set her hand on my wrist. “They may not notice one, but they would notice more than one missing,” she said. “Kayt, hand it to me.”
“No,” she widened her eyes and sat back. The lack of seat backings made her seem about to lose balance and fall off the wooden bench. “Get your own if you want one.”
“You aren’t equipped to handle any kind of weapon,” Annalise reasoned. “None of us is equipped for this.”
“I’m the best one to handle this thing.”
“We’ve lost, kid,” Annalise said. 
Melanie said, dry: “Kayt, you’re running on anger right now. You want everyone to pay for Lancaster, and that’s dangerous. If we want to be alive by morning, we can’t let our emotions control us. I wouldn’t have lasted if I hadn’t learned to bottle my own anger away.”
Somehow, I felt like that was my own fault. 
“I understand,” Kayt said. “But I’m still holding on to the fork.”	 
Annalise sighed and let the subject of the fork drop. The unbroken Annalise would have stood up, taken the fork, and sat down without another word. The dust was settled thickly enough along the hall to tickle the back of my throat. I could feel an itch starting where my sinuses began to swell. Annalise looked at the absence of stained glass windows, which had been covered or replaced with boards and safety beams. Melanie and Kayt looked at the same lack of windows behind Annalise and I.
 A trio of Forgiven entered with the smell of bread and cabbage,. One was in her robes while the other two had the appearance of being rushed. A large, portly man who carried plates and took up the rear had beads of sweat along his neckline. One brought a crock pot, which was the source of the cabbage scent. Behind it wafted the smell of bacon – something I didn’t realize they had. He pulled a sliver of cheese out and set it down. Apparently, this was their idea of a spread.  
Looking on it now, we should have told Melanie that we understood, and I should have apologized for having treated her as a secondary person. Annalise was distant, and wouldn’t have cared much enough to apologize. I can’t say I blame her. We all sat looking at our plates and the food set in front of us, but nobody touched it. Appetite fled, and the food was nothing more than an aromatic table decoration. 
Half an hour later, a Belovore walked into the room and settled on the pulpit. 
The three servers bowed as they left without a word. 
“Welcome,” the Belovore said. “I am Velric.”
“Ambassador Velric?” Annalise chimed in. We all held our breath. 
“Yes, of course,” he said. A glimmer in Kayt’s hand flashed briefly. Melanie must have seen it too, as she elbowed the girl. Kayt looked down at the table.. 
“How old are you?” Kayt asked. 	
“Old enough,” he said. He moved past the table and shuffled to the seat behind it. He motioned with his two large arms to some people out of sight, barking some incomprehensible order. The two who’d served us rushed in, grabbed the table by both ends, and moved it out of the way. They fled, and we heard the door close behind them. 
Velric sat before us on what could have been his pedestal. He was a short Belovore. The creases in the pitch black plates of his chest were a different shade altogether. They’d greyed, and looked like someone had sealed the plates to his chest with pavement putty. I felt like, if someone were to run a finger down one of the creases, then dust would cascade to the ground. His face was flat, and smooth. He must have lost those in age. The chelimbs around his waist blended into his plates perfectly. I could have easily believed they hadn’t worked for centuries.
“I do not trust any of you,” he said. “And I refuse to feign the image that you are joining us. Your passivity does not convince me.”
“Let us earn that trust,” I said. 
“I couldn’t care less about what you earn,” Velric said. “My people outnumber yours now, and we are preparing to fortify this position from your oncoming offense. Soon, I won’t have to worry about the blight caused by your colonization.”
“But you’re arming everyone,” Kayt said. We all sensed that this wasn’t a normal meeting, but Kayt seemed to be taking it offensively. “There’s no way you can survive this.”
“My people are past recovery,” Velric said. “When my people fled, I stayed behind to ensure the preservation of my people’s history and beliefs on the surface, expecting them to return gloriously. When it became clear that your colony intended to eradicate every trace of us, I discovered how easy it was to use your own fiction against you.”	
Kayt jumped out of her seat. “You aren’t convincing anyone about your cause.” 
“My presence is the only reason for my cause,” Velric answered, turned around and stepped onto the platform. He set his hands on his seat, and twisted into it. His lips had twisted into a smirk. “The man you call Father assumes I am here to try and convince you, but I know that is a fruitless gesture. Instead, I am wasting time, building the Father’s confidence, and waiting for the slaughter to begin.”
Kayt stood. Melanie held her back. The fork was evident in her hand - the prongs poked outside of her fist, the handle jutting out like a pike. I doubt Velric saw it. Velric watched, and if he could have, he’d be wearing a smile. 
“Stupid girl,” she said. Velric leaned forward. “You stupid, stupid girl. You keep talking and talking, but you aren’t doing anything worth your skin.”
I suddenly had the feeling that Annalise wasn’t talking to Kayt so much as herself. 
Kayt stepped back. She knocked into the seating for the table behind us as Annalise advanced. “Give me that fork,” she said. Kayt wiped away a couple of tears that had begun to fall. Annalise grabbed Kayt by the wrist, twisted Kayt’s fingers, and jerked the fork out of her hand. She then pushed Kayt down into her seat. Annalise, brandishing the utensil, looked at me. I saw nothing in her eyes. No spark, no light – if I could claim to have seen even the faintest hope in her eyes then, I would say it with full confidence. However, all I could truly see was a woman who was ready to end her life. 
“Don’t,” I whispered. 
Annalise scowled, rotated the fork, and held it out like a knife. Annalise threw herself at Velric. Velric opened his arms. He welcomed her attack. She stabbed the fork in between his chest plates, hitting the grey area. 
As I’d expected, dust crumbled to the ground – or was it flakes of Velric’s skin? The fork busted, and the prongs bent in all directions. Annalise pulled back, expecting something else. Velric backhanded her, and she flew across the stage. Her body thumped, and crumbled as it hit a pillar just after tumbling down the edge of the stage. She still breathed, but her eyes were rolled back in her head. 
The two servants who’d come and moved the table burst in as if they’d expected this to happen. They both picked Annalise up, slinging her between their shoulders.
“Take her to the questions chamber and fasten her into the cell-room. She can only cause harm to herself. I will see to her execution when the attack is underway,” Velric said to the servants. Then he turned to us and continued, “In the meantime, I have no urge to continue Father Corin’s games. Leave. I won’t take part in his urge to convince you.”
I didn’t realize that the comment was more for us than them, when one of the servants looked up and waited. Velric shooed them away with his hand, and the servant nodded. I wanted to go after Annalise, but Velric stood watch. Kayt and Melanie watched in horror. The moment was quiet and tense. 
“Leave now,” he said. “I do not like repeating myself.”
I stood, and Melanie whispered for Kayt to hurry. We walked through the aisle that Father Corin had insisted we go down. It was as if we’d never been there. Melanie pushed open the door, Kayt went out first, and I let it shut behind me. 
“What’s wrong with her?”
“She’s ready to die,” I said. “She thought Velric would have killed her like the people back on Covenant. I bet when she wakes up, she’s going to be very disappointed.”
“Do you ever get the feeling like you’re just being used?” Kayt asked. “Or completely useless?”
“We’ll get her,” I responded. My words caught in my throat, even though I hadn’t had time to conceal them. “In the meantime, if Velric thinks he can just go through the motions, we have to prove him wrong.” 
The morning wind was cold, and the lights streaming down the pathway was sudden and intense. The warmth of the night had fled, leaving a sudden sting of discomforting cold in its wake. Father Corin and Davion waited outside for us. 
“We trust that Velric explained to you what we are attempting to do - that we must preserve this land from those who would wish to see the Belovores extinct?” Father Corin asked. 
“No,” I said. I wanted to tell them what Velric had said, and that it had been nothing more than his way of telling us we would all die. 
This time, Melanie stopped me. She said: “We will serve the people the way we know how. As Davion has taught us.” 
This took Davion off guard. His entire demeanour had been previously slumped, and when he heard Melanie, he smiled. He stuck his chest out and flattened his robes down like he had so many hours ago, back when the Abbey was just in our sights. Father Corin looked happy. 
“We must be off,” Father Corin said. “There is much to do before the assailants arrive.”
 “What about the city?” I asked. 
“My son. Have faith,” Father Corin interrupted. I was being stonewalled. “Once the troops see that we are serious about preserving the Belovores, they dare not advance. There will be so little bloodshed that you will doubt this event ever happened. The ones that change history rarely do.”
Father Corin and Davion left, Davion keeping beside the Father instead of following. With Annalise taken prisoner, hundreds of Forgiven starting to fortify the walls, and just as many Belovores hunkered inside the commune, we waited. We’d lost track of time, but we were all certain the Cooper would arrive very soon. 

“I don’t understand,” Kayt started. We’d walked to a spot fairly avoided by the Forgiven, on a patch of unkempt grass out of the way of anything. “Davion and Father Corin made it sound like Velric was supposed to indoctrinate, or sell us on the commune. All he told us was how badly he wanted us dead.” 
“When the troops from the Cooper come in,” I started, “They’re going to start shooting at any Belovore they see – especially if they’ve been getting reports from the surface. However, when the troops land close enough, the commune’s going to open fire to protect themselves. They won’t try and hit the troopers. But the troopers won’t know that. They’ll fire indiscriminately. No matter who wins or who dies, nobody will ever look at this place as home again. Scorched earth. I can only imagine that when the troops arrive, the Belovores will slaughter them as well, since the troopers will expect easy targets – or at least be using stun weapons.”
“What do we do?” Kayt asked. 	 
“We can’t take this many Belovores on directly. Annalise proved that. But Davion might be a good place to start. I’m willing to bet he doubts what’s best anymore,” I said. 

The Cooper broke orbit and streaked into the morning sky like a comet. Dozens of smaller ships converged on a point in the west and led the Cooper like a runway. On board, I imagined the same ship I’d come from – only, this one was capable of emergency landings, since it wasn’t built strictly for transport. 
Inside, thousands of soldiers were gearing up. They strapped on their weapons and looked out on giant screens for where they’d be landing. Some vomited when they saw what remained of the city. They wanted nothing more than to be inside the Cooper, safe, without the fear of what would come after they left. Or they wanted to destroy whoever was responsible. 
I could understand that. I mentioned the first hours on the Korsikov, and how regular they’d seemed. Stepping into military action was regular for the soldiers. Did any of them know if their life would change, as mine had? In that moment, I would have given anything to slip back into the Korsikov. I wanted to feel the thrust of everything taking off, and leave Sondranos behind. Just like the Korsikov, the Cooper must have been warm and inviting. I felt completely helpless – the Cooper had sent a message of hope and rescue to us hours ago. Now that they were nearly here, nobody could warn them that their rescue would become a bloodbath.







Chapter Twelve:
The Second Coming

A handful of Forgiven burst out of the barracks across the way, carrying crates to the entrance of the commune. Some wore smiles while others were stoic – or maybe depressed. I could hardly believe that they walked to the wall of their compound knowing they might be firing at fellow humans. Then again, they had protection on the brain. I’m sure the consequences never crossed their mind. To those in a world filled with guns, warheads, and knives, the idea of violence begetting more violence was commonplace. But to people who studied only peace? 
I’m sure Father Corin had no trouble convincing them that warning shots would be all they needed. And when the Forgiven started hitting the floor, dissent would strike, and then so would the Belovores. As such, the Belovores watched from the spot along the wall. The main doors had been closed, so we could safely assume no more were coming. Enough had come and gone for me to lose track of even a guess regarding how many there were. 
“We have to get Annalise,” I said. “We have to stop this before it starts.”
“It can only go one of three ways,” Melanie said. “Either the Forgiven are angry enough when they start dying, or defensive enough to open fire on the Cooper’s soldiers, or the soldiers will come in and the Belovores will start the slaughter.”
“Velric seems to be banking on the first,” Kayt added. 
“Both will happen,” I said. “It’s just a matter of how many die in the interim. Which is why we have to find a way to convince them that firing would be a bad idea. Even if the shots are warning shots. The Cooper’s troops don’t know what’s been going on behind these walls. How many bullets or energy pulses come with a giant neon sign that says ‘don’t come any closer or next time we’ll miss’? One shot could destabilize everything.”
Melanie looked over Kayt’s shoulder, back to the barracks. More crates, more Forgiven. Half of the commune must have shown up; where the other half was, we didn’t know. We wanted to keep it that way – the less potential to fire, the better our odds. 
“What do you think?” Melanie asked. 
“I don’t know,” I said. “It just all seems so convoluted; how do you convince people  of something when their only belief is in convincing themselves?”
“Except for Davion,” Kayt added. 
“I’m going to be the one to find him,” I started. The idea came as a sudden jolt down my back. I could have sworn I’d just been hit square in the spine. “I’ll go after him, use him to find Annalise before Velric gets to her.”
“She wasn’t fighting back,” Melanie said. 
“She wanted to die,” Kayt finished the thought. 
“I know. But we can’t think of that now. We can only stop one thing at a time, and Annalise isn’t going to hurt herself until she’s face to face with a Belovore,” I said. “We have time. We can stop this.”
“Are you insane?”
Technically, through lack of sleep and how I’d come here – running, running, running, and always expecting to be safe – I could have been declared legally insane. It may have been the haze over my brain talking, but I felt like I was capable of rational thought even more than when I was well rested and in front of the classroom. 
“Maybe that’s what we have to be, in order to survive,” I said. Then, I spoke more to Melanie than Kayt, and looked into her eyes. “Back at Covenant, when Annalise, Kayt and I were being held captive, we met this woman. Abilene. Annalise wanted to use her to spread a story that would have helped us overtake the situation, but the story she spread moved too quickly. By the time Lancaster came out, the word had spread that many hands could kill a Belovore, even though we’d been exaggerating. We hoped to come up with a plan, but there just wasn’t any time left.”
Kayt sighed and looked to the ground. It was apparent to me that the mention of Lancaster had hurt, but she did her best to conceal the pain. 
“What if we start spreading our own stories?” I continued. 
“You mean find a way to convince the Forgiven not to shoot?”
“That would be impossible,” Kayt said. 
“When you’re faced with something terrible, when you have the sinking suspicion that what you are about to do is wrong, anything is possible. Especially when it comes to rash decisions,” I said. “I need you both to make something up. Tell them the troops are coming to rescue the Belovores; say that the city was destroyed by an accident – if they know about the city being destroyed – and imply that the Cooper is here to quarantine us until they know we aren’t poisoned by the explosion. Whatever you have to tell them, tell them. Just convince them that firing is a bad idea, and that the Cooper has no intention of firing first.”
“We need to hurry,” Melanie pointed to the far wall, closest to the entryway. A dozen more Forgiven had arrived, and were opening the crates. One by one, the rifles were pulled out and handed down into the large group of people. The Belovores slowly scattered, heading towards the barracks or the Hall. They eyed the Forgiven with nothing behind their looks – they watched, but didn’t help. 
Above them all, sitting in a crow’s nest situated near the front of the tower, a man cried out. “Troops, to the south!”
We watched as rifles moved faster through the crowd. Everyone – men, women, and teenagers - grabbed at weapons, holstered them or grabbed ammunition packs, and started towards rally points along the wall. At each rally point, a ladder reached to the walkway above. Two men from each point climbed up and pointed their weapons outward. Adding to the scene, the sun began to rise far off in the distance. It revealed a clear sky reaching towards us like it wanted to stifle the violence about to erupt. Beams of yellow light cascaded down the crater’s edge on the other end of Sondranos, and even though we couldn’t see anything past the commune walls, Kayt, Melanie, and I used the sudden sunburst as inspiration. If it was going to be a new day, we might as well start it better than the last one ended. 
Melanie and Kayt looked at me, and nodded. 
We all headed towards the crowd and refused to make eye contact. It was odd being welcomed into the fold. A man wearing long, sleek red robes handed me a rifle. He looked to Melanie and Kayt, and handed Melanie a smaller pistol. He handed a similar one to Kayt. 
I met their eyes as we took the guns and walked off towards a secluded area. A Belovore walked patrol close by. We all smelled his armour, cold and bitter. Like battery acid. He sneered as we inspected our weapons. I wondered if the expression was perpetual. Kayt fingered the trigger and unlocked the safety. I stepped in front of her as the Belovores passed by, and she scowled at me. I doubt she would have fired. 
Once the Belovores had passed, I said: “Tell your stories. If the Cooper’s troops can reach the front, or better yet, walk right in without firing a shot, then the Belovores will panic and start attacking. Then we’ll have an entire regiment on our side, plus a group of confused Forgiven realizing how they’ve been played.”
It was good to have hope. Even though I tried to believe what I said, I found that I couldn’t fathom what was happening around me. To have come from Earth and two weeks later be ready to fire on an enemy I never knew existed still caused doubts in my mind. I pulled the rifle close to my chest, turned away from Melanie and Kayt, and headed towards the centre of the compound. The idea was to look for one of two familiar faces, or robes. 

As much as I hate to admit it, I can’t avoid the fact that when I left Melanie and Kayt, I believed I should fail. 
In proper spirit, False Daniel took the chance to remind me of why I should die that day. He may not have been the one I saw out by the car, but by then I knew he didn’t have to be. He was the inner voice that I needed in the moment. Mean, confident, supportive, or degrading, False Daniel only accentuated what I glimpsed in consciousness. 
‘Think about Julien.’ He said, reminding me of a boy I knew long before I met Daniel. ‘Gorgeous. The kind of person you could never deserve. You were friends, and not once could you stand up and say what you wanted. He was with that tool. You couldn’t tell him that he deserved better, or that the guy he was with would cheat on him if only he met someone better looking.
‘Do you remember the daydreams? You sincerely believed you could provide him with such a wonderful life that he would forget all that came before. Long brown hair, the kind of eyes you got lost in once or twice – so, naturally, you never made eye contact. He was thin, and his sisters weren’t so bad either. You contemplated moving to where he did, and even though you knew he would let you in, you couldn’t. You stayed at home and settled for what was safe. How did that turn out for you?’
“You know it was never like that. Life continues after you meet other people,” I mumbled. Even now I wonder if I’d had to mumble, because I felt the blush rushing to my cheeks as I passed two Forgiven attempting to tie the cords around their waists tighter.
‘Julien – you are too perfect for words. You deserve more than to be stuck with someone who looks at you like you’re just a person. I want to sit at home with you; I want to argue with you; I want to go out to so many places that we’ll never remember them, and laugh at how much money we wasted going out, only to stare at each other and smile. We belong together, and while I understand that you have found your happiness, I just wish I could have the chance to show you that ours could be the kind of happiness that surpasses stories.’
Anger flushed the blush away, and it took all I had to compose myself. 
‘You are indecisive. You may believe the words, but you’ll never commit to the actions so long as you can use the words again. You hide behind the narrative, and hope it will act for you. Just like with Julien, and just like you did with me.’
“I’m going to save this place,” I said. I knew the person of my words, and I believed them. I’d been speaking, and writing and acting in passive voice for so long that I’d lost track of what it was to be myself. Nobody should be forced, or tricked, into playing that game. I acted. I stood up and spoke. I moved the commune with the strength of my words, and this time, someone did hear me. 

“That’s the spirit I’ve been waiting for!” Davion clapped me on the shoulder, tearing False Daniel away from my mind. “I cannot speak of how I felt. Annalise had her own brand of spirit and Melanie had a piece of mine. Kayt and Lancaster shared one, but you were always the doubt in my mind. I am proud of you.”
“Don’t be proud of me yet, we still have to make sure the Belovores survive this,” I said. It was what he wanted to hear, I hoped. I’d gotten good at lying. I imagine, given more time, I could have even convinced myself I really was on vacation. 
Davion didn’t react badly, or second guess what I’d said – my words only bolstered his frame. Taking the chance, I spoke up again while two freshly armed Forgiven rushed past, heading towards the eastern section of the wall. I glanced after them, and saw that most – if not all – of those ready to defend the commune had taken up their posts either on the top of the wall, at the ladders, or at various points alongside buildings. 
Since Davion found me, I took action. “I need to talk to you in private. I am having doubts about the others.”
“How so?”
I pointed to Kayt and Melanie, who had stuck beside each other and were talking to a group of six Forgiven. They watched, one laughed, while the others listened. Kayt was speaking. She leaned forward as she spoke.
“I don’t think this plan will work,” I said. The idea was to make him believe I had thoughts that would best remain private. I’d hoped he would see that; maybe he would call me to somewhere secret to discuss it so that I could attempt to sway him. 
Davion looked over each of his shoulders and hushed me. “Quiet,” he said. “Do you truly believe this?” 
I nodded. Acting like I was following the edict of the commune seemed to be working.
“Then explain this to me. Here is good enough,” he said. 
“No, I’d feel safer some place private.”
“Anything you say in private can be said here. This is a peaceful place,” he said. His eyes implored me to speak. Something hovered between his will to speak and what he said. I could feel it, like anticipating bad news. 
“You doubt what’s going on here,” I said. “You know – deep down – that this is a terrible idea. You know that convincing the Forgiven to protect the Belovores will only result in more loss of life.”
Davion’s eyes widened, and he swallowed hard. He grimaced and frowned. “You don’t understand what goes on in a man’s heart. Bringing you few here, saving your lives gave me more of a purpose than my own God had allowed me. I was not supposed to survive the destruction.” 
 “You just learned that, didn’t you? Through Father Corin.”
Davion said nothing. 
“The Belovores are dying,” I said. I raised my voice. “They have been ever since they landed. They know there aren’t enough of them left to rebuild, so they’re taking out every last one of us. Father Corin knows this, and he’s been helping.”
Davion struck me – right on the chin. His fist was loose, and the knuckles popped as they my neck wrenched. 
“Lies,” he said. 
“Look around you, Davion. Count the Forgiven. Could the MacKinnon Commune of the First Divinity survive with this many people? Without recruiting, with only a small portion of births?” I assumed. My pleas felt like the addendum to something larger I was supposed to be saying, or would say later. 
Davion scanned the crowd. He did so with a hatred furrowing his brow. After he’d looked around, and after more Forgiven walked past us – we hadn’t been loud enough, or violent enough, I thought, to garner attention – he winced. “No,” he said. 
“Now count the Belovores,” I said. “All the ones you can see. Count how many there are, because you know that all of the ones who’ve survived this massacre are here right now.”
“You’ve lied,” Davion’s expression changed. The hatred was directed at me. “You do not wish to support this, do you? You’ve been perpetrating a falsehood.”
“I’m giving you reasons, Davion. I know you’re doubting yourself, and your part in all this. I know you expected Sondranos to stand down, and all the Belovores to come in peace. I know why you kept Melanie’s father a secret.”
“You don’t understand,” he said. 
“I do, Davion. I want to see the survival of everyone in the commune, as well as the troops coming to the front door. I’m telling you that I know why you’re doubting – and I want to help you. I want to help everyone here.”
“No, you couldn’t understand. Sometimes you have to lie. You have to tell yourself that what you are doing is best, because not everything you do will be forgiven. You have to hurt people; you have to crush their minds because they threaten you with damnation,” Davion turned around, set his hands against his forehead and pushed back his hair. Sweat slicked it back. “You can’t allow your secrets to come to light. Once one is out, the rest will follow.”
Davion looked at me, and then sprinted away. The oddly spry older man headed towards the Hall, and I had to beat my heels into the ground to catch him. My hand slipped onto his robe and caught the fringe. Davion tripped as I yanked it towards me. Thankfully, all attention was drawn towards the outer wall and elsewhere, otherwise I wouldn’t have made it any further at that moment. He stumbled to the ground. I took the moment to power on my rifle. I’d almost forgotten it was there. The switch sent a shiver of energy through the barrel, vibrating in the handle, and making the trigger warm against my finger. 
“Stand,” I told him. “Do as I say, or I will tell Velric personally what you’ve said. I’m sure he would love to hear from you.”
“You would be killed too,” he said. He pushed his hands behind him and shuffled himself into a sitting position. He struggled to get up. I didn’t offer a hand. “Didn’t Velric tell you about our purpose, and about why Father Corin must provide our salvation?”
“No.  Velric told us we were all damned,” I said. “Take me to Annalise.”
Davion wiped his hands and clapped any excess pre-morning dew away. 

More and more Forgiven arrived, and more were being armed, while crates kept piling up. I don’t know where all of them had come from, but as we walked, I slowly realized the intent behind the Belovore’s sweeping for weapons in Covenant Street. A man bearing Amos’ weapon trundled by. I knew it was his, as it looked homemade, and I could never forget  the way that gun looked – it was set in my mind alongside the memory of watching Amos die. 
The Belovores weren’t rounding up people – they were collecting weapons for the commune. All the weapons that had been fried, all the ones created by gunsmiths, each and every one must have been under scrutiny to see which ones could be used, and which ones had to be scrapped after the dead man’s switch activated. I didn’t want to think of what happened to all the people who were rounded up. 

Melanie told a very strange story.
As I was busy with Davion, after their initial attempt at convincing some of the Forgiven to holster heir weapons, she and Kayt parted ways. But before that, Kayt listened carefully, as she would repeat Melanie’s story verbatim. It was clear that the fiction of the moment would have to suffice, as preservation had been so deeply ingrained with the Forgiven that holding their guns looked natural. 
“The city was destroyed by a race hunting the Belovores down,” she began. “They ran across a colony that lives out there amongst the stars, and somehow angered them. Must have been a cultural thing. We saw their ship arrive, but they’ve been in hiding. These aliens called themselves Helioloid. They heard the distress signals from the encampments all over the crater, and have been wiping them out one by one.”
“It’s true – you can’t contact the city. It was wiped out by a Helioloid device,” Kayt added.
“Then they heard the International Aeronautics defence ship – the Cooper - was coming, and decided to hide, to let us tear each other apart out of fear. The Belovores are hiding too, but they don’t know that the Helioloids are hiding. They know what’s going on. You won’t be attacking your enemy, you will be attacking your friends. And if you do, they will be forced to return fire. The Helioloids will have one less enemy to fight. The Belovores will die anyway.”
“Trust her,” Kayt said. “If not, then trust me. Look at me. I lost my best friend to those things,” she said. Her eyes locked on the one in the centre of their crowd – which had begun to slowly grow - and started detailing what the Helioloids did to Lancaster. She spoke with the same passion she would later use to detail the Belovore’s massacre. It was easy for the Forgiven to believe that she spoke with the utmost conviction. She wept as she spoke. 
“Lancaster was a great man, and he just needed to grow up before he could realize what kind of man he was supposed to be,” she concluded. 
“We cannot simply lay down our weapons,” the Forgiven man said. “If we do, then this other menace will attack.”
“Then stay armed. But don’t shoot. Let the troops come in; let them secure this base. I promise, you will not regret it. If you fire,” Melanie said, “You will never sleep soundly again.”
The Forgiven man turned to the others. “We will spread the word not to fire unless fired upon,” the Forgiven man said. He ordered the two by his side to spread out and start telling the story. Kayt nodded, and watched as the crowd dispersed. 
When they were out of earshot, Kayt leaned in close to Melanie. “What was that?”
“A story my Dad once told me,” she said. “Give or take a few details.”
“He was a good man,” Kayt said. “No matter what Velric said.”
“A good man does not always make a good father,” she said. 
“I wish you’d have gotten the chance to remember him the way you would have liked,” Kayt set her hand on Melanie’s shoulder as they walked towards another crowd. Along the way, they continued their private discussion. 
“I don’t. Then I’d be dead in Sondranos proper, working a meaningless job in a place nobody will remember in twenty years’ time, save for the memorial they might put up. And even then, they’d charge,” Melanie smiled. It was a false smile, but Kayt returned it nonetheless. “Because, as you can see, I would have been important enough to require a cover charge.” 
“Preaching to the choir,” Kayt said. 
Melanie pulled Kayt’s chin up to meet her eyes. “How are you doing?”
“It wasn’t just Lancaster that needed to grow up. I did too.”
“Have you?”
“We’ll see. Next time I fall in love with someone, we’ll see if it’s for the right reasons – lust and change isn’t what I should have been looking for,” she said. “Lancaster kept trying to tell me that. I never loved him the way he did me, but that doesn’t mean he wasn’t right about me deserving better.”
“Sounds good to me.” Melanie cupped Kayt’s jaw in the palm of her hand. She took a deep breath, arched her eyebrows, and looked over her shoulder. “That story isn’t going to spread itself. You want to go left, and I’ll go right?”
Kayt turned to the left, saw a handful of Belovores trundling down the pavement towards the Hall, and shook her head. “Better the other way around,” she said. “I’ll meet you back here once we start hearing the story told to us. Oh, and Melanie?”
Melanie staggered, and looked back. “Yes?”
“I’m sorry we didn’t get to know you.”
At the time, they operated under the hopes that the Belovores wouldn’t hear the story because most of the Forgiven – save for Father Corin and Davion – seemed compelled to silence around the Belovores. I’m certain the Belovores would have neglected to listen anyway, as they seemed infinitely more concerned with their own internal processes. 
That is how stories travel; whomever you tell them to, they will only reach the ears of those who listen. In addition to Father Corin’s meaning and the associations of the MacKinnon Commune of the Primary Divinity, the Forgiven believed that they were never, and would never, be saved. Their name was how they hoped to be classified in the afterlife. Since they believed they were to never be saved in a religious manner, then they would act without the same expectations of commandments and requirements, and only through their inherent morality.  

The barracks buzzed with noise. The Forgiven had left some of the crates against the empty door while they piled on their robes inside their rooms and holstered the contents of the crates over their shoulders. The rifles all looked the same. They might as well have been right from a few of the gun shops down-town – mass produced. 
Davion, still reluctant, slowed his steps as we got closer to the end of the hall. We’d passed the spot where the rifle had fired and left an indentation. Davion stopped just outside a familiar door which had been barred shut. A thick wooden beam had been nailed to the outer frame, holding the door in place. Davion touched it and shrugged his shoulders. 
“She is not in an enviable position,” Davion said. “You would do well to leave her be. She is not part of us.”
“I’m not part of you,” I said. “Now help me pry it open.”
“You are feeling conflicted. I know this,” he started. He placed his hands on the board but didn’t pull. A Forgiven woman rushed past, knocking into me. Davion was trying to convince me of his side, and would so long as I listened; Ironic, considering I planned on doing the same thing. 
I nudged him closer to the board. I set the rifle against my chest – the strap stung my neck with coarse threads – and started pulling. Davion sighed and did the same. The nail that had secured the door to the frame to the board squealed as it came out. 
“Can you tell me honestly that the Belovores will survive this?” Davion asked. 
“No, keep pulling.”
“I am,” Davion grunted, a second nail came loose. “I need to know. I have been walking blindly all my life, between decision and indecision for years, all because I know that the Belovores are simply hurting. They are a dying breed, and will continue to die until there are no more. How can I allow a creature merely blink out of existence?”
“It’s us or them. We made it that way,” I said.
A third nail popped out. Two more and the board would be free of the door, although, the door was already starting to tremble beneath the force of my foot. 
“The human race will go on far beyond this,” Davion said. “Sondranos will be nothing more than a footnote. The Belovores only wish to survive.”
I pulled harder, straining my shoulder. A surge of red hot pain told me to stop, but I kept pulling. I jerked again, and it popped loose. The board knocked Davion back, hitting him in the chest, and sprawling him against a crate sitting empty in the hallway. I dropped the board, fingered the rifle and extended a hand to help him up. He eyed me with a distant look: “Velric hoped his people would survive.  He never thought he was the last of his kind; he was just the last of his kind on Sondranos.  He knew what would happen if he stayed. Unfortunately, the human race never gave them a realistic chance.”
“You’re talking about Perry?”
“Who else?”
Since we were in a safe spot, I pointed the rifle at Davion. “Tell me about him.”
Davion raised his voice and pushed out his chest. The barrel of my rifle pressed into his skin. “He was separated from his natural hive mind. For years he suffered, and I couldn’t imagine doing the same. Mentally attached to my own species, and then suddenly severed? Never.”
“He’s degraded,” I said. 
“He wept as Belovores do, and then channelled that sadness into nostalgia for the past,” Davion said. “Like most of us. Except he holds more dominion over the Belovores than we do over our own history.”
I took his words at face value, and resolved that he didn’t know much more than that. What he’d given, at least, was Davion’s side of Velric. The rest would come. 
I pushed open the door, which clacked as the handle brokenly came apart from the frame. Inside, Annalise sat on the bed. She’d been strapped to it. I was surprised not to see a gag, but I was awed to see two large welts on the side of her face. They’d beaten her. 
“Go away,” Annalise said. 
“Are you…?” I rushed over and inspected the strap on her wrists. 
“It’s nothing I haven’t been part of before,” she tightened the strap by pulling her arm up. She slid to the side to make sure I was watching. I paused. I’d nearly forgotten that Annalise had taken the blow for her. Kayt surely would have been killed if it had been her. The strap was tied to the bedframe, with a lock preventing me from getting at it. We were running out of time, so I pulled out the rifle, told Annalise to turn around, and fired at the strap where it let up from the bedframe. It severed, but not before the bolt cut the leg of the bed in half, and sent the reverberating sound of impact throughout the barracks. Annalise jumped to her feet, wrapped the rest of the strap around her arm, and headed for the door. Davion watched us. I would have expected him to leave. 
A Forgiven woman stopped just shy of Davion, “I heard gunfire, is everything well? Isn’t this room supposed to blockaded?”
“It is,” Davion began.
I brandished the rifle as I jumped to the doorway, “But we have to bring the prisoner to Velric. He’s asked us since time is running short.” 
The Forgiven woman gave me no attention, but looked to Davion for reassurance instead. He watched me, noticed me perk the rifle at him, and nodded. The Forgiven woman crossed herself and fled the opposite direction. 
 “You shouldn’t have bothered. The Belovores are fleeing underground. I came to just as their lackeys were dragging me out, so I feigned sleep as they held on to me. I waited and watched as maybe a dozen Belovore disappeared down this little alleyway outside the Hall.”
“Why didn’t you fight back?”
“Would you?”
“That’s what I’m doing now,” I raised the rifle.
“Good, then you can get people killed,” she said. 
“Underground. That’s where Velric said he’d been living,” I said. “I’m betting the rest of the Belovores are going there to hide until it’s time to come out.”
“What do you expect me to do?”
I took a deep breath and sighed. “I want you to stop feeling sorry for yourself, and help me, Melanie, and Kayt stop this.”
“It seems like you’ve got enough help,” she motioned to Davion. 
“About that,” I said. “Davion doesn’t seem to believe it himself. He’s not acting consistent. One minute he goes into confession mode; the next he is a servant to whatever he happens to believe.”
“Sounds like organized religion to me,” Annalise smirked. 
“I’d rather you not discuss me as if I am not here,” Davion said. 
I shook my head and pulled the rifle strap off my shoulder. I handed it to Annalise. She refused it and backed away. She may have lost what drove her to suicide-by-Belovore, but I could still see her fear reflected. I couldn’t help but consider that I looked the same. I slung the rifle along my side, and we ushered Davion back out into the courtyard. 
Startling us, Kayt and Melanie ran up as soon as we left the barracks. I almost jerked my gun upwards, and the jolt caused my hand to strike towards the trigger. Melanie held her pistol at her side and huffed. 
“The story is spreading,” Kayt said. 
“What did you say?” Annalise asked. 
“Where…?” Melanie tried to ask, but her breath betrayed her. 
“We’ll talk later,” Kayt bit back. “The troops are coming.”
“Where…?” Melanie tried again. Davion slunk towards her. I ordered him not to move, but he was still a step closer to Melanie. 
“You’ve been spreading stories?” Davion asked. 
Kayt walked up to him, Annalise grabbed her by the back of her shirt. Nothing more than you’ve been doing, murderer.”
Annalise quickly let go and stepped away. Indecision. I’d seen that in myself before. Once you have that fear, you never lose it. You can only hope to control it. “
“I assure you, Kayt,” Davion consoled. “I have only been doing what I believe is right.”
“Still,” Kayt turned back to me. “Provided nobody fires their weapon, we shouldn’t see any gunfire. If what we did works, they’ll be seeing the troops as a potential rescue.”
“You have been spreading lies, and will only hasten the extinction of the Belovores! The troops will slaughter them,” Davion said. None of us gave him our attention. Davion coughed, over-exaggerating, leaned forward, and pulled Melanie’s pistol. He shot her in the chest at point blank range, and fired again. The gunshots echoed throughout the commune grounds as the deathly silent morning was interrupted. It was a second before the silence was filled with a voice yelling to return fire. The top of the walls, the crow’s nest, and the hutches surrounding the commune lit up with gunfire. 

It had all happened in less than a second. 
Melanie, startled, fell backwards. An energy bullet has severed her throat, while another hung just above her left breast. She scrambled for a moment like a woman drowning in the air. Annalise and I rushed towards her while Kayt looked on horror. I cradled her in my arms, I could feel her gasping for air yet her chest never rose. The blood was warm, and overtook the metallic smell of the Belovores with sweat and iron. Annalise pressed her hands to Melanie’s chest and throat. The slightest bit of pressure caused more blood to seep out. 
Weakly, Melanie pushed Annalise’s hands away and held them. Annalise’s eyes were wide, and she trembled. She stared into Melanie’s eyes, knowing they’d never close without help. I never knew when she stopped trying to breathe. We all looked at Davion. A normal man would have fled. Something held him to his ground. I let Melanie’s head fall, and scrambled to point the weapon at him. I charged it just as easily as I had when I severed the strap from Annalise’s bed, and pointed it at him. 
He backed up a few steps, dropped the pistol, and ran towards the Hall. 
I wanted to fire. 
I wanted to kill him in that moment. But I didn’t. I held back. I don’t think I’ve ever experienced the kind of hatred I felt for Davion in that moment. The sound of gunfire at the wall concealed the sound of his footsteps. 
I looked down at Melanie as Kayt knelt at her side. Annalise still held Melanie’s hand. Maybe I’d spread myself too thin? Perhaps I should have been the one telling the stories to the Forgiven instead of letting Davion lead me through the hall, talking about Velric. Maybe all the choices I’d made up until that moment were dictated by a plan set into action months or years ago. Death had been all around me, and all I could think was that I hadn’t done enough. I should have been there for Lancaster, I should have seen Melanie’s danger. Most of all, I should have seen what Melanie had tried to tell us about Davion. 
Now, with everything I’ve written, and the end yet to come, I feel like it wasn’t enough. Like I hadn’t been privy to what had really been going on, and that I was suffering for it. We all were suffering for it. At the wall, Forgiven fell to the ground. Some hid behind the large bricks, closing their eyes while dust rattled down on them from where energy bolts hit the concrete. When one fell, another climbed up and took his place. The doors to the commune hadn’t opened. We could only imagine the body count.











Chapter Thirteen:
All Your Life Will Ever Be


My hand shakes, and my brain has taken over the telling of my story more than once. I would grade this therapeutic technique very harshly. Velric hadn’t gone insane – I was closer to that than he. But what had happened was a consequence of time and long life. I have no tangible proof of its truth. But at its heart, and with all the evidence before me, I know what happened. 
It began before the Belovores started their return to Sondranos. He must have been somewhere secluded, away from the commune, but close enough to receive their signal. 

Velric sits in one of the cambers he’s chosen to spend the rest of his life in, taken care of by the people of the commune. In the silence, he’s lost. A typical Belovore his age needs to connect to the streamlined hive. His thoughts need to be directed away from senility and shaped into a productive member of society. With the Belovores gone, there’s no chance of Velric gaining that clarity. That absence allows his mind to stray to the past. He dreams of Admiral Perry. The books Perry had given him, though later discovered as fiction, had been the catalyst his people needed to strive towards something bigger. He’d stayed thinking his people would return after having grown exponentially – or that he wouldn’t survive very long without them. Either end of the spectrum controls his future. 
He closes his eyes and can see his people swarming over Sondranos. He pictures burrows in the side of the crags, and traces the underground lines of commerce and trade that web out beneath the ground. Later, when the colony is overrun by the Irene colonists, those pathways would be torn through and used to shape a more human standard. Velric remembers what it was like to be young, clear headed, and approached by the females of his sect. Many turn on to him and stroke his spine as if they’d been more than just members of the same group. Velric knows it’s because of his virility, which guarantees long life, but his natural instincts force him to back away until a patient mate makes herself evident. She will approach him long after the rest have given up their advances for easier prey. She will forgive him his faults, but condemn his mistakes until he knows how to be a better servant to the Belovores. 
Of course, then the Irene would land, and all of that would be shattered. 
Here, Velric’s mind begins to twist. In the darkness of his chamber, he can’t feign to direct his thoughts to a better alternative. It shoots out in any given direction, aiming at the darkness and hoping for a solid foundation. Instead, it lands on resentment. Velric twitches as he tries to push away one thought after another. The Irene stole your life away; Admiral Perry severed you from the link; Annika Granger tried to tell you the truth, but you were too thick-headed to grasp the consequences. All because you wanted to be remembered in history for having elevated the Belovore race to the stars. 
Velric grumbles when he opens his eyes. His head hurts. The pain starts in the back of his eyes, and throbs down his face. Jolts of surging and pounding shock flow down his chest and settle in his stomach. His spine tingles. No breeze can penetrate his chamber, so he knows the chill comes from inside. 
They’re returning – his instinct says. Only, they are only half of what they were before. His mind slowly regenerates a connection to the hive and Velric discovers that he doesn’t quite fit. Establishing a connection into the hive mind after years of separation, after growing old, and older, has turned his signal into a square peg trying to fit into a circular node. Velric finds this change allows him to continue his own processes, rather than allowing the younger generation to take over. He can sense that they’ve turned the ship around. He can feel their despair, and their hope to return to a welcoming environment. 
Velric plants the seed of his own truth into the mix. He insists that the humans would kill them the moment they set foot on the soil He’s grown to believe this in his old age. The anger is small and nearly goes unnoticed. Nobody suspects who the thoughts come from, as Velric’s power over them is innate, new. Like a virus entering the body of someone who’s never been sick, it spreads faster than anyone can control. Even he doesn’t understand.
He longs to be part of the hive again. Maybe it will take away his anger and guilt. However, his age has created a loop. He may have planted only a seed of resentment, but his age and will to regain a connection strives for everything it can grasp within the hive. It takes those seeds and creates a feedback loop within his mind, and the minds of the surviving Belovores. He sends his hatred, and the hatred returns and grows. It degrades until Velric no longer recalls what it was like to be Belovore. He can no longer see the swarming of his people on the surface, or burrowed beneath the crags. The touch of a female Belovore eludes him, and when he tries to grab hold of what it should have felt like, it only creates more disillusionment. Little by little, Velric allows his hatred to consume him; bit by bit, that hatred takes over the hive mind, and replaces the young Belovore leadership with Velric’s. 	
It takes years, and by the time Father Corin arrives, Velric is well past the initial hatred, and had already begun to plan for the destruction of Sondranos. His first task is to help design a process for radio signals that will blanket the city. One based on his own neurological structure. 
He sits in his chamber, and waits. 

“This is why you should have left me behind,” Annalise said. She held her hands on Melanie’s chest as if stopping the blood from trickling out would start her heart again.  
“You’d love nothing more than to give up right now,” I said. I took Annalise’s hand, pulled it off Melanie’s chest, and held them in front of her. “You’ve been full of it this entire time, haven’t you?”
Annalise looked at her hands, and she bit back her lips. She started to stammer, but I stopped her. “Don’t say another word. You are not responsible for any of this, and you never could have been. If you think you have to take responsibility for this, then you better find that guy who tried to rape you, and apologize.”
Annalise pulled her hands away and scowled. She eyed me. It was a terrible thing to say, but I doubted small talk would have gotten her to wake up. I needed her to be angry, and anger with me as opposed to compliance with the Belovores was as good as I could get. 
“What do we do now?” Kayt asked. She’d stepped away from the body, and put her hands on her head before speaking. Melanie might as well have been just another fallen casualty. I’d grown disgusted by how easily the commune pushed away sight of something terrible, yet willingly strode into something worse. She watched as the Forgiven along the wall fired. Every now and then, one dropped or crumbled against the wall. 
“Keep going,” I said. “Try and convince the Forgiven to stop shooting and pray to your Gods they do. Then pray some more that the ‘s troops stops shooting back. I’m going to get Davion.”
“Revenge?” Annalise mumbled.
“Revenge is what got everyone on this planet killed,” I said. “I’m not dealing with that anymore. I’m going to make sure Davion doesn’t tell Velric.
Kayt gasped, “He’ll start the slaughter early when he finds out.”
“Annalise, I need you to wake up. Stop this guilt, and do something. No matter how pointless or stupid you think it is,” I said. 		
“Remember what you told me? If all you ever think about is negative, then that’s all your life will ever be,” Kayt knelt down beside Annalise. Even through the gunfire, her pants crunched against the dirt in the grass, and squeaked against the dew. “I have an idea. We need to gather as many rifles as we can. The big ones.”
I clutched my rifle to my waist, though I felt sick at the thought of using it. I hadn’t fired it once, but knowing what rifles like the one I had were capable of, I couldn’t bear associating myself with them. Kayt set her hand on Annalise’s shoulder, and Annalise looked to her. For the first time, Annalise started to cry. It was short, and I only knew it happened by the tears she wiped away – Melanie’s blood hadn’t dried on her hands, so Annalise ended up smearing blood along her cheeks as a result. She didn’t care. But this time, that was good. 
They stood and headed towards the barracks to arm themselves with more powerful weapons. I took the moment to watch the perpetual gunfire coming from the walls. My battle was in the other direction – with Davion.
Davion had made a beeline for the hall, so I did as well. I couldn’t catch my breath. I leaned against the door, setting my ear to the wood as I held my chest as still as possible. Inside, Davion and Father Corin spoke loudly, as if from across the room from each other.
“Those I brought in, Father,” he yelled. “I’m afraid I’ve been mistaken.”
“The moment of Salvation has already begun, Davion.”
“I know, but I do not wish my failures to be the reason this attempt fails. I don’t know how I could stand allowing an entire species to perish.”
“This is only right, Davion.”
We were right about one thing, at least. Davion did have a conscience – unfortunately, I seemed to have pointed it more towards preventing the extinction of mass murders over the destruction of a small fragment of humankind. Part of me could understand the dichotomies swirling about in his consciousness. This was the kind of choice I’d say was easy to make, but when it came down to it, I would freeze and be unable to consider all the possibilities. 
 “Quiet, both of you. I could hear your whining through the transceiver. All the Belovores in the compound tunnels could. You are pathetic,” Velric stomped into the room. I pushed the door open just enough to see inside, and watched Velric as he walked from the far end of the room to the table we’d been sitting at. It must have been replaced after we’d left. He glowered at Davion, who’d backed up onto the table. Davion’s hands moved wildly behind him. I couldn’t see what Velric referred to as the transceiver, but I assumed it was how Velric had known to come in when he did. The entrance to their tunnels must have been close. At least, close enough for him to return after hearing Davion’s pleas to Father Corin. 
Velric flexed his fingers, and then grabbed Davion by the throat. 
“This has been agreed upon,” Father Corin said.
Davion gasped out a short sibilant before Velric snapped his neck. Velric dropped the body on the table. Davion’s hand twitched. 

It must have only been seconds. It only lasted a few seconds, in the same instant in which I’d stood, and opened the door. False Daniel returned. In my mind, we were surrounded by a starry night, as if we were all back in the plateaued region of the crater with Annalise cooking on the engine. He was as solid as Annalise, Kayt, or myself. We stood with nothing else around us. For a moment, I didn’t want to face him. The words I’d have to say, the things I would bring up with the intention of bringing him down – none of them sat well within me. 
‘I’m the Daniel you expect to face when you come back,’ he said. ‘You’ve only been able to see the real me once, during this. Why do you think that is?’
‘I met Daniel at the Meadows, in Edinburgh,’ I started. ‘I’d bought a sandwich and was halfway through my Irn Bru when he walked past – his dogs Manny and Coto jumped up to me instantly. One tried to devour the roast turkey. The first thing Daniel said to me was something so plain, so unimportant, that I could never hope to remember it.’
‘He broke it off because you didn’t deserve him.’
I tried channelling the image of the Daniel that had convinced me to drive the car. I could feel him standing next to me, urging me to take on False Daniel in a way that I should have from the beginning. ‘He would spend hundreds in petrol and train tickets to come down to Glasgow. We never once fought about the money. He got mad at me for suggesting I quit my job as program director at St. Michel’s because he knew it was my dream job, and I wasn’t fighting for my own dream.’
‘You were fired,’ False Daniel said. He’d already begun to deflate. His skin hung loose around his chin and cheeks. His eyes were sunken. 
‘I loved him and he loved me. He always wanted me to be happy.’
‘He told you why you weren’t good enough for him.’
‘That’s why he got mad. That’s why he broke it off – he saw me trying to reason away my future, only seeing the bad things in life, and he tried to jump start me. I was so scared that I couldn’t see that. Daniel has always done that. This time I was too fucking thick to get it. Daniel has always been beside me when I needed him. When I was afraid to contact the power company about a bill because of a faulty seven hundred pound charge, he sat me down and made me explain everything I’d done in the last month. I only made it halfway through the week before I got embarrassed about my own lack of confidence. After that, Daniel called them with me. On speakerphone. He never had any intention of displaying my inadequacies and leaving me alone with them.’
‘What about everything else? You ran for a reason.’
‘Casey Hayes wasn’t trying to get rid of me. She was trying to save my job.’
‘Your apartment.’
‘Instead of hiding my apartment’s destruction, I should have taken advantage and told Daniel that I was ready to live with him – something I couldn’t conceive because I was afraid he’d ask if I was planning on leaving my job.’
The pieces of my confidence clicked together. 
‘Fool, there is nothing you won’t screw up if you return.’
That was the moment I knew I’d won. It was no longer a case of when I’d die, it was a case of when I’d return. 
‘Oldies,’ I said. 
‘What?’
“Oldies. Daniel and I share and keep those data chips at his flat. It’s the music we danced to. The music we cooked dinner to. What is wrong with you? We drive across Scotland to see each other for God’s sake! How could I have been so blind? You are wrong. He was never angry. He was scared I’d lose my identity to some two-bit fear of my life falling apart. When I got off that transport, I heard that music clear as day, and can still feel it if I think hard enough. I feel it because that’s my real self – the real Daniel – sticking around in my mind, waiting for me to get over myself.’
False Daniel was still. In the giant open space of my mind, he looked through me. I finished by repeating something Annalise had sad in that came location, where it was real. ‘If all you ever choose to recall is the negative, then that is all your life will be.’
‘Your life is a mistake. A bundle of errors and screw ups.’
 ‘That thinking? That’s called depression. And sometimes you just have to understand that it will always be there. I am in control of me. ‘

I blinked, and I was back at the door of the Keep’s Hall. I’d mentioned before that the sun was coming up in the distance. The sun rose enough to send a sliver of light through the open window, and illuminated Velric. This light was brighter than the torchlight, giving me the chance to see Velric’s colours for what they truly were. They weren’t as black as I’d thought – that was a trick of the candle. Instead, Velric’s plates were cascading with grey, a shade so barren of colour that my mind wanted to see it as pure black. In that moment, Velric looked old. Not the kind of old that comes with age – but weary, tired, and consumed. It was then I knew that he shielded himself with the past. Every step, every move came from what he remembered.  The rifle slung over my shoulders tipped and knocked into the door. The sound was faint, but loud enough for Velric to hear. 
“Attend to the safeguards,” Velric said. “My people are secure from their assailants.”
“Yes, sir,” Father Corin bowed before leaving. 
That was a man whose story was alien to me. How had Velric convinced him, and how had he reasoned away the destruction of Sondranos? I would never know. That would be a story another survivor would have to tell because I never saw him again, and he was not amongst the survivors. With Father Corin gone, Velric pushed past the table and headed towards me.  
I kicked the door open. Velric stopped midway between one of the tables and the small pathway that cut the room in half. I pointed the rifle at his chest and fired. I stepped into the room and kicked the door closed with the back of my foot. The first had nailed him in the chest, so I held firm, and fired again. 

Kayt shoved two rifles into Annalise’s arms and grabbed her by the hand. Kayt had stacked four into her own arms. Annalise let herself be pulled. As they went out the door, Kayt stopped and spun around. Annalise had dropped her guns. 
“You told me there would be a moment in which I was so mad that I’d forget Lancaster,” she said as Annalise knelt down and picked up her rifles. Her hands trembled. “You were right. But I’m not mad at the Belovores. At least the Belovores didn’t quit halfway through.”
“I just don’t want to do anything that would cause more harm,” Annalise said.
“Since when have you been ten years old? Everything you’ll ever do will hurt someone. Did you not see what I did to Lancaster? Did you not hear about Melanie’s Dad? Everyone in this damn commune thinks they are acting in the best interest of something else, and they are willing to get killed for it. People get hurt. Big deal. Mourn yourself on your own time instead of letting other people continue to be hurt.”
Annalise cockeyed and looked in the other direction. “What’s your plan?”
“It’s pointless to explain it to you if you’re not planning on doing anything,” Kayt said. 
“I’m going to help.”
“Are you?”
“Yes,” Annalise staggered back. Kayt knew she was being mean, but she was also taking the cue I’d given her before they’d set off. “I promise. Now, tell me.”
Kayt pushed one of the rifles into Annalise’s arms, making them each have three. Instead of walking straight down the path, towards the walls where Forgiven traded shots with the troops beyond, she led Annalise to the Keep. Instead of nearing the front, however, she’d gone towards the back end. Nobody else was around. Once Kayt had checked around the corner, and Annalise had done the same for behind Kayt, the young girl began to explain her plan. 
“Velric has to be getting down to the places underneath somehow. That’s where the rest of the Belovores are hiding,” she said. “The only way to keep the Belovores from coming out and slaughtering us all is by making sure they don’t come out.”
“The Belovores will kill us before we get enough hits on them,” Annalise said. She brandished her three rifles and lifted her shoulders in unison. 
“Not if we collapse the tunnel to their entryway, first.”
Two Forgiven suddenly came around the corner, and startled at Annalise and Kayt. Annalise took charge first, “There’s a breach in the southern wall, we need more weapons – where’s the nearest supply tunnel?” Annalise asked. The question was for Kayt, but the two Forgiven men stammered instead.  
Suddenly, everything fell silent. Annalise heard it first, and Kayt shortly after. The shooting had stopped. Either everyone was dead, or Kayt and Melanie’s stories had worked. Annalise kept the guns trained on the Forgiven, while Kayt stepped to the other end of the wall. She peered over and saw hundreds of Forgiven hunkering against the ladders, and nobody atop the wall. Enough bodies had been littered on the ground to see that shooting back was not a cause worth fighting. Instead, hiding and not dying had better odds. When Kayt looked closer, she saw that some of the bodies on the ground twitched. That was something none of us banked on: the troops would be armed with stun weapons rather than body piercers. 
“We heard stories that we were next,” one of the Forgiven said. 
“Not everyone believes them, but enough of us are heading to safety. We don’t want to be pawns,” said the other. “
Kayt stifled an excited breath. “I guess not all stories are for everyone.”
She came back around and set Annalise’s guns to the ground. They shared a quick look that they both understood. With the gunfire stopping, the Belovores would be coming out next. “We need to find out where the Belovore tunnels are, and fast.” 

Small flakes chipped away from his chest. Velric kept coming. His expression turned into rage, the kind that could have boiled blood. He threw a seat out of his way, and I fired again. This one was aimed at his feet. It impacted his ankle, and he stumbled. He didn’t fall, but he did have to stop and use the table to maintain balance. Within a few seconds, he was heading for me again. I pressed my back against the wall and slid alongside it. Velric swung. His hand crashed into the wall, tearing bits of stone off and sending them showering at me. 
“This is a pointless gesture,” he said. 
“So is getting everyone here killed, and then killing the survivors,” I said. I stepped over a footstool and fired. When Velric took the impact, I jumped away from the wall and into an alley between tables. With two benches and a large surface between us, I felt more comfortable. However, I still stepped back onto one bench and climbed backwards over the next row, adding more distance. 
“What do you know of our people? Of waiting in space to die because you cannot return home?” he said. He stood before the bench. Instead of climbing over it, he pounded through the wood with his leg, and then splintered the table with his fists. He slammed into the surface like it was a pool of water. Shrapnel flew across the room. I fired again, but missed. 
“You could have come back at any time. Somehow you contacted them,” I said. 
“The colony would have shunned us and found a way to remove us anyway,” Velric said. He stopped. It was a moment of grace. He held still, and I didn’t fire. But I kept my finger on the trigger. 
“Then push back,” I said. 
“You’ve lived here for a long time. How many times have you heard of us, of our accomplishments, or deeds, or history?”
“Survivors don’t spend all their time thinking about other people,” I said, remembering that the pamphlet on the flight said nothing tangible about the Belovores. 
“We were forgotten. A myth in the minds of children; the shadows that they fear when they’re alone. We were nothing. Centuries of our civilization’s growth and regrowth undone within a matter of years because of a new colony. All because our pride and the arrogance of an Admiral stood in our way. At least this way we will survive in the names of every human,” Velric said. 
“Even if you stay in your tunnels and come out once every man and woman and child is dead, more will come. They will bring enough firepower to wipe you from the planet,” I said. “How can you think that is a solution?”
Velric cocked to the side and sneered. He didn’t know I’d heard about where his people had hidden. He inched forward. “I am aware of the firepower you possess. One of your ancient star-ship’s engines was enough to vaporize the city you built over our home,” Velric growled. He came at me again, stepping through the shattered remains of the table. I fired again, at his leg. The shot sunk in, and he staggered. 
“Then you know that you have no chance of surviving.”
“My people would never survive a resettling,” Velric said. He clenched his leg, and looked up at me through narrowed eyes. 
“How do you know if you’ve never tried?”
“My people do not move at the pace yours does.”
“How do you know what your people can handle, and what they can’t?”
“I know the Belovore.”
“You’ve been here for all your life. You didn’t even go with them.”
“Fool.”
I stopped. Words alone weren’t working. I pulled the rifle up and aimed at Velric’s chest. I fired. Velric was taken aback, but I stepped forward and fired again. “One human could never survive one of these shots,” I shot again, and again. I stepped onto the bench and stopped on the table between us. “You’ve survived through I don’t know how many. You’re older than my family name.”
I fired, and this time, Velric fell backwards. The chips in his chest had grown larger. The cracks webbed out like a spider had just fashioned his chest plates. Dusty clouds as big as my fingernails fell from where he’d been cracked. He lay sprawled against the table’s remains, as I laid the rifle’s energy blasts into him. Again, and again, and again. 
“You have age,” I fired. 
“You have strength no human could ever possess,” I fired. “The anger you have for us is evidence enough. No human would ever hold on to anger for as long as you, and plan something so horrible.” That was when I remembered Davion’s story and the mention of the hive mind. I flashed back to the Transistor Radio station – saw how it reached so many people from the edge of the crater, recalled how the Belovores in Annalise’s neighbourhood had communicated on multiple levels in simplistic speech. Emotions were a shared experience. Velric had diluted the emotional pool. His hatred and rage was so strong that it had carried out and infected the Belovores the moment he’d made contact with them. He had to die if the Belovores were to survive. What had begun an idea had turned into a story, and that story turned into action – the narrator had been lost to a distorted sense of folklore and revenge. 
“You have time on your side,” I fired again. 	“And a connection with your people, now. You are not, and will not ever be alone. Unless you let your people die.”
I stepped down from the table, and stood over Velric. I fired. This time, ashes clouded up into the air from the creases in his chest plates. 
“No human has the tools you’ve been given, and we have flourished in ways we never thought possible. Stop thinking about death, and start thinking about how to survive,” I said. “When you are given the tools to succeed, don’t give up before you’ve even begun.”
I pressed the trigger again, but nothing happened. The chamber whined. The red reload light came on, and I felt my heart trying to climb out of my chest from fear. I tossed the gun to the side. Velric stood, groaning and pushing away from the ground to hoist himself up, and stared at me. He stepped closer. I could smell the cracks in his skin. The area beneath had begun to cook. It was as if someone had soldered him together, and the smell was emanating from every pore. Velric looked down at me and leaned in. 
A loud tremor shook the compound from beneath the Hall. The roof shook, and dust careened down while pebbles introduced a beam crashing to the ground. Another beam fell and cut a table in half. Velric grabbed me by the arm and pulled me towards the door. A large block of stone shattered to the ground in front of us, and Velric yanked me back. Without control of my body, Velric carried me to the pulpit and flung me to the ground. All the air in my chest exploded away. Velric leaned over and shielded me with his arms and body. I could feel the chest plate pressing against my skin – the imperfections and cracks webbed out all over and made me think I was being pushed against uncut stone. I heard his heartbeat, and the whisper of air escaping as he breathed. He was close to dead – although, I don’t know if that was my doing or because of his age. 
Velric whispered, “I have been in control.” 
That was the last thing he said before the roof caved in on both of us. 

The rest of Velric’s revelation comes quickly – after the gun has run out of ammunition, he looks at Leon Bishop and contemplates why he’s never considered what Leon said. Then the memory strikes him. And strikes him again. It plays over, because it’s rebounding against the hive mind much like his hatred had so long ago.  
The memory is of the first Father, years ago, asking why Velric couldn’t simply have the Belovores return under a banner of peace, or ask for help. The term of refugee was insulting. Velric killed the man, and threatened to do the same to the next who denied his vengeance. Only, it wasn’t his vengeance that he wanted to complete. It was why the hive mind had been set under the control of the younger generation – if the older generation took control and refused the changes necessary for a better life, then life would never move forward. Tradition had made it so that every Belovore over a certain age underwent the same procedure of mind awakening. Most took it for granted. Velric had been taught this hundreds of times, before the Irene had come. But with the Belovores gone, and him behind, all that remained was an empty, instinctive cycle.
When the crashing begins in the Hall, Velric awakens. He breaks the feedback loop of rebounding thoughts. He severs his emotional connection over his people. As the only Belovore on Sondranos, Velric had never been given the chance to allow his mind to be shaped. Age is shaped by experience, and these emotions were always meant to be shared so that the next generation could learn. Instead, his will had seized control. He doesn’t know where the thought comes from, but the word ‘infection’ seeps in. 
When the ceiling crashes to the ground, Velric tells Leon this – although, he can’t be sure Leon will remember. He describes what he can, hoping that it might stick in Leon’s mind. Velric apologizes. The link from such an age might not be as steady as he’d hoped, even though it had proven strong enough to destroy a city. He doesn’t ask forgiveness, but understands that the cycle must be completely broken if his darkest thoughts and hatreds were ever to be severed from his people. Leon listens, but is in pain. 

It took twenty minutes before we heard the rumbling of troops outside trying to dig through the refuse in the Hall. The structure hadn’t altered much, but most of what the Forgiven had used to make the place liveable was gone. Velric stood, stretched out, and a large gust of wind escaped his chest. He winced. When he saw that I was looking, he maintained his strength. He grabbed me by the throat, but didn’t squeeze. The anger in his eyes had gone. 
Four soldiers pointed their weapons at him and yelled for him to release me, while two others had been pulling off the wreckage around the door with large tools that dock loaders use to move heavy containers. The soldiers didn’t fire. I could feel the ground shaking terribly as the podium beneath us cracked. I dusted some of the refuse away, and felt blood. A large gash on the side of my face felt painless, but came screaming into existence when I touched it again; my ribs hurt, and my legs ached. The only thing that didn’t give me issue was my head. 
The soldiers approached slowly. The peered through large black helmets and shaded fabricated glass. Their rifles glowed a faint blue on the holsters, and they prodded Velric. He didn’t do anything to provoke them. I could hear his voice in my head even then. Velric turned around, releasing my neck and raising his arms into the air. The troops escorted him away, and then one came up to me and helped me out of the rubble. I had no idea what had happened, but I was not surprised when, as the troops led us outside the door, the grounds of the commune was swarmed with troops.  
Velric went quietly, and part of me knew that he’d only grabbed my throat so that he’d look like a threat, after having just saved my life. I didn’t know what he was playing at, but I knew it wouldn’t end well for him. 
One long path in the distance, near the space between the barracks and the Keep, stretched beyond the base of the Keep and out towards the crags, where a large cave-in sight dug into the ground. In pairs, and around the collapsed hovel, Belovores were being pulled out and escorted away by the Cooper’s troops. They were being led towards a wall where they had rifles trained on them. The Forgiven had dropped their weapons, and were also being rounded up. Annalise walked up to me, dirt and soot covering her cheeks. Kayt followed behind, looking dirtier than Annalise. They smiled, and I knew they were responsible for the crumbling of the tunnels. 
The lines of troops and Belovores were silent. The Belovores leaned against the wall, their eyes closed, and silenced expressions. There was something deep inside them, something I couldn’t have begun to cope with, or have hoped to understand. Whatever it was, they contemplated it as heavily as I’d contemplated a great many subjects. None of them watched Velric as he was escorted past. 
But just as Velric reached an open area, he roared. The guttural sound echoed off the walls, and the streaming sunlight gave him the appearance of a statue. He grabbed his front plate and ripped it off. Velric extended his chelimbs – both of which must have been weaker than twigs – and lunged at the closest trooper. The trooper fired. He had no idea the claws would most likely have broken. The first gunshot was a burst of blue energy, and hit right where I’d shot Velric. With his chest uncovered, the energy pulse sunk into his muscles and set fire to his insides. Two more troopers fired into Velric’s torso. They must have thought their efforts helped. They had no idea that the first shot had killed Velric. 

“What was that about?” Kayt asked. 
“Hive mind,” I mumbled. “He’s giving control back to his people.” I blinked and tried to regain control of myself. My head swam, and the words came out without a filter. It was like I’d been drunk. I didn’t fully realize what I’d said. Only bits and pieces remained from having Davion’s story so fresh in my mind accompanied by the fire fight Velric and I’d just had – some would have said I’d been speaking from something deeper inside myself, the part easily buried by surface thoughts. 
Velric lay still. The dust around his remaining chest plates rose up with a cloud, and lingered before falling back down. The troopers watched and kept a close eye on Velric, even though the Belovore didn’t move. Nobody moved. It’s like we were all afraid to. The tension in the air had dissipated. In the distance, the sun had risen on the last days of Sondranos, and the sky went untouched by clouds and crater’s edge. 











Epilogue
No More Quiet Spaces


There are things you never get over. Leon Bishop had the comfort of his words. Kayt spends most of her time in her quarters, grateful she could access the black box of Sondranos’ server. She was able to pull pictures and documents about her family and life to keep her going. She spends most of her time in the silence, though. 
I visit when I can. But I know she just wants to be alone for the moment. She has a larger story just waiting to be told, and she’s heading to one of those new colony planets to begin telling it. I wonder if she’ll write. Ilosa doesn’t seem like the favoured place, but she says it’s far enough away that she can start over. She also didn’t tell any of us that she was pregnant. She’s going to take Lancaster’s last name and give it to the child – Velynn. Either way, I wish her luck. 
Leon’s going home. I’ve read what he’s written, and while it strikes me as his own version of events, maybe one day I’ll tell my own. We all have things that shape and define us, and I’m glad he got his out. I can hear him in the other room, pacing. He’s planning on proposing to Daniel when he gets back. Until then, he’s practicing like a madman. Don’t know if Daniel will say yes, but Leon’s fairly certain he’s not going back the man he was before. 
My name is Annalise. I never got over being punished for defending myself. I never truly got over the fact that I had to get over it, either. Nobody should suffer because of who they were. I want to start again, like Kayt. I want to go to Earth with Leon. But instead, I’m going to go back to Sondranos and help rebuild. We’ve all made mistakes. But I refuse to let that city beat me. 








ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

I would like to thank a few people in getting this story done. It’s a story about words, and all of these words had help.
First, Lianna Palkovick – who read so many iterations of this that I lost count. When Leon was skirting passive and active phrases, she always knew which should have been which, and where I’d forgotten to put something important. Without her, the magic table would still be there.
Michael Penn – for also giving advice on the beginning of the story, and a few parts in between.
Roland and Karan, for being who they are.
Julie, for not knowing how much she helped me when I finished the first draft, in December of 2013.





