Avoidables

Hope’s Awakening
Click on title for a surprise!

By 

Rachel Medhurst

Copyright © Rachel Medhurst 2014

Sign up for fun and updates: www.rachelmedhurst.com

Avoidables 2-6 is out now!

This episode is dedicated to all those that feel discriminated against because of the way they look. 
You are beautiful!

CONTENTS

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Episode 2, 3 & 4
Copyright
Author
Chapter One

‘She’s only got one arm,’ the man cried and backed away, bumping fast into the dancing crowd. 
Everything had been going so well. I was lost in the music, swaying and thumping my good hand in the air. The man had looked over at me as I’d glanced up from the floor. He was handsome. As our gazes clashed, a grin spread over his clean shaven face. I let the corners of my lips sink into my cheeks as I circled my hips in a mating dance. He swayed over to me, but as I turned in a circle, his eyes locked onto my shoulder and that’s when he’d started shouting.
Everyone around me turned to stare. I laughed loudly as the others started to back away from me as if I was a freak. Shaking my head, I noticed the guards coming from the direction that the gorgeous man had just gone.
 Why had I been so careless? All I wanted to do was dance. The loud music ran up and down my nerves, making me want to move with it.
‘Come with me,’ a deep throated voice shouted as a strong hand gripped my forearm and pulled. I turned to see the familiar purple eyes and grinned. 
It was my best friend, Purple.
Although, I wasn’t sure if it was better to be caught by him or the guards. I allowed him to pull me through the crowd and out the back entrance. We ran towards the river and started over the bridge. Mid way over, we stopped and looked back. The guards stood by the end of the bridge. They wouldn’t come any further. They wouldn’t risk it. I did a little dance and stuck my middle finger up at them.
I heard a thud and pain sliced through me as a dart lodged into my good shoulder. I gasped and spun towards Purple, wincing when I saw that they’d hit him too. I was going to be in so much trouble for this.
*
‘Why were you on the Upper Side?’ The guard asked as I sat against the concrete wall.  
‘I wanted to dance,’ I replied, bringing my knees up and resting my arm on them. 
‘You know Avoidables are not permitted to enter Upper Side.’ The tall good looking guard was sitting in a plush chair, brought in just for him.
‘I just wanted to dance,’ I sighed.
‘You will be escorted back to the Lower Side and you will be confined to a cell for three days punishment.’
The guard got up and came over to me. Bending down, he ran his hand over mine. I tried to struggle, but he pulled and yanked my t-shirt up over the end of my stubbed shoulder. He looked in fascination and I had to bite my lip. Perfects were so often surrounded by good looking people. I cringed away from him, trying to grab at my shirt. 
‘Let her go,’ came a quiet, but deadly voice from behind us. Purple was a master at escaping. I was glad that he’d forgiven me enough to come and get me before he left. The guard started to laugh as he fisted his hand and sent it flying into my stub. I cried out before Purple grabbed the man by his throat and threw him across the room. 
‘We need to get out of here,’ he said. 
Holding onto my throbbing shoulder, I stood up and went towards the door. 
‘No time,’ Purple said, grabbing me and jumping us up through the ceiling. The smash of plaster deafened me as we landed on the outside of the building. A siren went off inside. It was illegal for Avoidables to use their powers on the Upper Side. 
‘Oh man, I can do without this right now,’ I said, tucking my t-shirt back over my stub. 
‘Why couldn’t you just stay over on the Lower Side?’
I grinned at Purple. He was crazy. Why would I want to stay where there were so many misfits? The men over here…
‘You’re mad,’ he said, reading my thoughts…literally. 
‘Get out my brain, Purple.’ I punched him in the arm. 
‘Are we just going to stand around here all night?’ He took my arm, but I shook free. I had unfinished business. I’d been enjoying myself until that handsome weasel had ruined it for me. I turned and as I started to run, I heard Purple curse behind me. He could never catch me when we ran and he was too well behaved to use his powers on the Upper Side, unless he had to of course. Me, on the other hand, I didn’t care. 
I was back at the club within a few minutes. Just in time. It was almost closing time, but I could hear the music still pumping. Climbing in through the toilet window, I sneaked back inside. There was one guard left on the door, but he was talking to the gorgeous girls dancing in front of him. There he was, the good looking creep…it was payback time. He was sitting at the bar. I walked up to the man and sat next to him on a stool. He turned to me. He was all smiles, expecting to see a perfectly formed face I bet. Only beautiful people lived on the Upper Side.
‘What the…?’ he started when he saw me there. His mouth stilled as I looked him directly in the eyes. I showed him my soul. See, these people believed that the Perfects were beautiful, but their souls were dark and cold. Outer beauty didn’t last a life time. The soul however…did. 
He gasped and reached a hand out to me. I batted it away and stood up, gesturing for him to follow me. He was in a daze as the pure love that radiated through me penetrated his cold chest. Like a puppet, he followed me into the toilets, through the window and into the alley outside. I had to be quick. Purple was nearby. I could feel him. 
‘What…?’ he started. I was going to kill him with beauty. I started to smile, but he reached out a hand and gently lifted the sleeve of my t-shirt. I froze. Never had one of the Perfects looked at me with such wonder. He may have freaked out earlier, but now, he gently brushed his fingers over my puckered skin. 
‘What are you?’ he whispered. Our gazes met and I couldn’t speak. A Perfect was speaking to me. A handsome, good looking, perfect person actually wanted me to speak to me.
‘You really want to know?’ 
The fingers that were caressing me sent shivers over my sensitive skin. No one had ever touched me there before. I could feel a strange sensation shifting in my shoulder. I couldn’t tear my eyes away from him and it seemed that he was just as stuck as I was. 
‘Yes, I want to know. I’ve never met an Avoidable before,’ he whispered, his face coming closer to mine. I realised that my soul was still showing in my gaze and I shut it off. He blinked a few times, but didn’t back away. 
The sensation in my shoulder came from the bone and I gasped. The man took his hand away as a slight movement started to shift. I stepped back and started to breathe heavy. I had no idea what was happening.
I’d never experienced this before. I’d been born with just one arm, but my powers had not fully developed yet. Suddenly a tearing sensation had me on my knees. I grasped my hand over my shoulder stump and gritted my teeth. If the guards found me here, they would probably execute me. Something started to come out of my shoulder. It was quick and painful. That’s all I was aware of. And him.
He was still there, standing in front of me. I felt a splitting sensation in my good arm. I closed my eyes and bent forward almost rocking, while he stroked my back. The pain grew. I tried to focus so that I could call Purple to me, but before I managed it, the pain eased and I sprung up into a stand. The gorgeous man was knocked to the ground. When I looked down at him, his eyes were wide open. The look on his face was pure lust, or was it love? I looked down and noticed that I had an arm where there hadn’t been one before. I could feel something heavy on my back too. The splitting feeling hadn’t come from my other arm; it had come from my shoulder blades. I felt tears prickle my eyes as I reached behind me to feel the massive wings. I heard a gasp as Purple finally came upon us. The young man came to me. 
‘You’re beautiful,’ he said, stroking my wing. 
‘Don’t touch her,’ Purple growled, coming down the alley towards us. 
‘What’s your name?’ the man said, looking from Purple to me and taking my hand in his. I was torn. This Perfect had not only had me locked up, he’d unlocked me too. 
‘I’m Jason. Please tell me what your name is?’ 
He stepped back as Purple approached. The Avoidable’s size was big enough to make anybody take a step back, but the purple eyes and ridges down his arms made them want to run.
‘I’m…’
‘Going,’ Purple interrupted, grabbing my arm and flying us upwards. 
‘Wait!’ I called, struggling against his grip. But it was no use. I was too weak and my new wings were getting in the way. Purple was dangling me in the air by my new arm and I could hardly breathe. The scene below us changed from dark nightlife, to water, and then to even darker grimy alleyways. 
We were back in Lower Side.
‘What the hell were you thinking?’ Purple said flying us into the window of our flat.
Avoidables lived in groups. We tried to pick people with different abilities that would serve us all. Avoidables were survivors. Lower Side was a cruel and dangerous place made up of all the people that the rulers deemed not perfect enough for their side of the city. 
‘I wasn’t,’ I replied, hugging myself with my good arm. I was trying not to cry. My wings and new arm retracted as soon as we landed. Purple sighed and sat on the sofa. I went to the armchair and allowed its softness to cradle my vulnerable body.
‘Did you know?’ He pushed his hand through his long dark hair. It was the softest hair I’d ever seen on any woman or man. It fell to his shoulders and he mostly wore it up when out. He was a handsome man, but he was still from the dark side. The ridges on his arms told of a dragon ancestry as did the purple eyes and flying abilities. He was yet to come into his fire powers. I shook my head, blinking away the tears that started to fall from my eyes. 
‘You were stunning,’ he whispered, his eyes going to the spot where my new arm had been. My gaze snapped to him and I saw awe reflected back at me. He wasn’t hitting on me, he was being genuine. 
‘My father must have been an angel,’ I said the words quietly. It was rare to have an angel ancestor because most of them had abandoned the planet. They hadn’t had a choice. The darkness had become too much for their light and they’d left. The history books said that it was with regret. They had tried one last attempt to revive the human race, which they’d loved dearly, but it had backfired. 
‘Did your mother never tell you that she’d mated with an angel?’ Purple replied, standing up and pacing the room. 
I shook my head. My mother had died when I was young but I pretended that she’d died only a short while ago. Somehow the lie made me feel closer to her. 
‘No one must know about this for now, Hope,’ he said, nodding his head and turning to leave.
‘Where are you going?’ I didn’t want to be left alone with my thoughts. 
‘To do some research. Try to get some rest.’ He left without another word. 

Chapter Two

The word Half-form kept coming into my head as I crouched on the roof of the building in the Upper Side. We weren’t sure how we had come to be. The Avoidables were ruled by the Perfects. Perfects were good looking normal humans with no inter or cross breeding. To be honest, I wasn’t sure if I believed in cross breeding. The Perfects did a test that was a government invented cruel joke. If a Perfect had a child that was less than Perfect looking by the age of fifteen, they would have to take them to be examined to see whether or not they could stay on the Upper Side. Not many people made it through the test. My mother must have failed.
The wings though, they were something else. The story of the angels trying to bring light to the Earth by mating with the humans suggested that the humans could not conceive from light. Maybe they were mistaken. 
A noise below cleared my mind. I got low and looked over the side. There he was. Jason. I’d been thinking about him for the last three days. What was it inside him that had brought out my angel side? I flexed my good arm as I thought about the few moments that I’d had a matching one. I’d never known why I didn’t have two arms, but it was something I was used to. 
‘Are you here?’ Jason said, trying to keep quiet. Guards often patrolled the roads, but rarely came down the alleyways. Things were good on the Upper Side. The Perfect’s were well behaved and never caused trouble. The Avoidables liked to come and stir up the peace sometimes though, so the guards were needed. I jumped down behind him. He spun when he heard my feet thump on the ground. I held my head low, not meeting his gaze. I didn’t know how to feel around this man. 
‘I knew you would come,’ he said, reaching a hand towards me. I lifted my head as I stepped back, out of his reach. There it was again. It was like a lightning bolt hitting me in the chest as our gaze clashed. What was it about him? I hated Perfects. 
‘Please tell me your name?’
‘Hope,’ I replied, shocked that the word had jumped from my mouth. I had planned to stay disconnected. I didn’t want to have to kill him. 
‘Makes sense,’ he tried to smile at me, but when I scowled back, a burst of laughter escaped him. I went to spin away from him, but he caught my hand and held tight. I looked down at our joined hands and felt myself return the pressure. 
‘You have no idea, do you?’ I said, shaking my head at him. This was impossible. This was stupid. Why the hell was I here?
‘I can’t think straight when I’m not around you, so no, I have no idea. Tell me.’
I closed my eyes for a brief second. When I opened them, he’d come closer. I saw the reflection of myself in his eyes and blinked. I looked again and saw what he saw. There was a thin girl, with shoulder length straggly brunette hair, dark eyes and pale skin. She was an ordinary looking girl, except for the light that now radiated around her. I could see a whole glowing bubble around me and as I carried on gazing, I felt a feeling grow inside me. I’d only felt it when I was young. I’d felt it when my mother had held me tight and sung me to sleep. Love. I didn’t look like an Avoidable to him. I looked like love. 
‘I have to go,’ I gasped, pulling my hand free and turning. 
‘Oi, oi, what do we have here then?’ A Perfect came down the alley towards us. His brilliantly even features were amused at the scene in front of him. Jason stepped in front of me and I had to bite my lip to stop myself smiling. Perfects were petrified of us. We were dangerous and powerful. That’s why they left us in Lower Side to fend for ourselves. Without thinking, I grabbed Jason. As soon as my arm circled around his chest, my new arm grew and my wings burst out from my back. I started to flap them. An instinct inside me knew how to fly so I took us up and away from the alley. I could see the guards below as the Perfect called for them. I didn’t think too much before heading towards home.  
‘Hope, you can’t take me there.’
As his words echoed around us, I heard a shot below. They were shooting at us and there was no way I was going to get caught. I spread my wings wide and flapped harder. The glide was long enough to get us over the river. I headed for my building. As we neared, I suddenly noticed Jason was struggling in my grip. Oh dear. I’d brought a Perfect to the Lower Side. He would be killed instantly if he was seen. I landed on the roof and climbed down to my window. Punching my fist through it, I climbed in, dragging Jason with me. Purple burst through the door two seconds later with a gun in his hand. 
‘What the…?’ His dark eyes fell on Jason, who was now collapsed on the floor where I’d dropped him. My wings folded away and I sat on the bed. Purple growled before taking a step towards me. 
‘Don’t!’ Jason yelled, jumping up. 
Purple stopped and raised his eyebrows. 
‘I don’t need to ask. Have your fun, Hope, and then get rid of him.’ He spun and left the room, slamming the door shut behind him. I couldn’t get rid of him. In our language, that meant killing him. Some Avoidables kidnapped Perfects to abuse. The ones that did were usually the people that had been slaves for the rulers of the Upper Side. They had been through some of the harshest things known to man, just for being different. 
‘This has to change,’ I whispered. 
‘What?’ Jason sat next to me and looked around my room. It was bare and dimly lit. Not a place you would proudly call home.
‘This disgusting divide between Avoidables and Perfects. Things have to change, or we’ll all end up killing each other.’ I felt my bottom lip start to wobble and jumped up. What was wrong with me? I’d never been the emotional type. I looked in the mirror and started. My eyes were white. A glow was emanating from them. I’d never seen that in myself before. 
‘You’ve awoken your light,’ Jason said, smiling at me.
‘How do you know?’ It felt strange to talk to him.
‘I’ve been studying the Avoidables my whole life. I agree with you. This is no way for our world to be.’
The whole world was made up of cities. There were two sides to every city, one for the Avoidables and one for the Perfects. The wilderness between the cities was vast and mostly dead. No countryside or water was left out there. It was just barren wasteland. 
‘You’ve been written about. Did you know that?’ He stood up and came to me. 
I was still gazing at my face. 
‘Does it look like we have many books over here?’ I laughed as he ducked his head. Reading about something really didn’t make it real. 
Did he say that I had been written about? Why would anyone write about me?
‘You’re the only half angel in the world, Hope. You’re here to save the day,’ he laughed as he gestured with his hands. 
‘That sounds ridiculous. I...’ My words stopped. A faint warmth was surrounding me. 
Jason came and stood behind me, looking into the mirror. Our eyes met and I felt that strange feeling again.
‘I don’t like how you make me feel,’ I whispered. 
He placed his hand over my shoulder stub. 
‘Are you sure about that?’ 
A shiver went through me as love started to grow in my chest. How could I love this man? I didn’t even know him. A warm sensation started where his hand rested. Our gaze was still locked. My chest was rising fast as I tried to catch my breath. 
‘Hope, we’ve got trouble!’ Purple shouted from the hallway. I sprung away from Jason and reached under my bed. I took out my gun and gestured for him get under there. He went to protest, but I raised my gun to his chest. His eyes went wide before he dived under the bed. Purple opened the door and then closed it extremely carefully behind him. 
‘What’s going on?’ I whispered. 
‘Sandor’s back.’
Purple didn’t need to elaborate. Sandor was our flatmate and she had a fetish for Perfects. It didn’t matter if they were male or female; she would use them as toys and then kill them. We had rescued her from the government’s palace a year ago. She’d been abused so badly that she’d almost died. Since then, we’d tried to get rid of her over and over again, but she just kept coming back. The problem with this situation was that Sandor’s ability was extremely heightened senses. She could smell a Perfect from a long way away. 
‘I don’t know how to stop her.’ Purple ran his hand over his hair, a pained expression on his face. ‘I think it’s time.’
Avoidables found it very hard to stick together, but when you accepted someone as part of the family, it was hard to get rid of them. 
‘She has to be stopped; the Perfects are going to start noticing that their kind is going missing.’ I cursed. ‘I thought that we’d got rid of her with Hunter.’ 
We’d sent Sandor away with a roamer. He loved the thrill of trying to survive in the wilderness and had taken our flatmate with him for six months. It had only been four months since she’d gone.
‘She’s at the front door. You need to get Jason out of here now.’ Purple reached under the bed and pulled the human out. His pale face made my heart beat, so I took his hand in mine. I kept forgetting that he wasn’t used to our way of life. 
‘I’ll take him to the safe spot,’ I said, shaking hands with Purple before wrapping my arm around Jason and allowing my wings to come free. My new arm also wrapped around his chest and together we jumped out of the window. In the distance of the city, there was a red mountain that towered above it. I flew us over the buildings to a cave in the side of the huge rock. 
I went about lighting a fire, which was set up and ready to use, while Jason climbed under the thick covers on the floor. It was a lot colder up here so we always had it prepared for emergencies. 
‘What will Purple do to Sandor?’ Jason asked as he watched me move around. I went over to him, wondering what to do. The fire was high, but it wasn’t warm enough on its own. Jason threw the covers open and I sat down next to him. We leant against the wall of the cave. He took my hand in his and closed his eyes, waiting for me to speak. 
‘He will take her to our enforcer. She’s had a warning already, but they won’t tolerate anymore.’
‘What will happen to her?’ 
His hand was warm. The physical contact felt strange to me. So much had changed in the last few days and I was starting to feel overwhelmed. I closed my eyes and let my head fall back against the rock. Jason’s hand came up and pulled my head to his shoulder. 
‘This is weird,’ I said, feeling my hand start to sweat with contact. 
‘It’s fate,’ Jason replied.
‘She’ll be exiled. We may seem like the horrible, dangerous ones, but we’re trying our best to be better. In fact, there are hardly any Avoidables that don’t follow our rules now, just the rebels. We’re shunned and judged by Perfects just because of the way we look. How can you say that it’s fair to degrade and belittle a person because they are different from you?’ I felt the betrayal of tears against my cheeks. This angel side was a whole new me. 
‘I don’t think it’s fair. That’s why I’ve been studying you all, especially you. Does it not feel like you know me?’ His hand wiped my tears away, but I kept my eyes tightly closed. I didn’t want to see pity on his handsome face. I nodded against his shoulder. 
‘You’re going to save this city and everyone in it,’ he whispered, his words getting heavier. I could feel the rhythm of his breathing as his chest lulled me to comfort. We were both falling asleep, but I wanted to know more. 
‘Don’t be crazy,’ I said, smiling to myself. 
‘I’m not. You’re going to become a full angel and you’re going to save the planet.’ 
His breathing levelled out as he fell into a deep sleep. I was conscious enough to wonder if it could be real. I’d always felt like my life had purpose, but I could never find it. 
Could I really be an angel?

Chapter Three

The gentle kiss on my cheek woke me. The caress on my arms brought me from my sleep. Arms…? I opened my eyes and noticed that yes, I had both my arms. My wings were not out, but my new arm was there. I looked at it and noticed the smooth pale skin with a tiny smattering of freckles. It matched my other arm perfectly.
I looked at Jason in the flickering light of the dying fire. His eyes were burning just as bright as the flames. I couldn’t look away as he leaned towards me. I let him kiss me. His hands roamed all over me and I felt a burst of love flow from my heart and all over my body. I’d never felt good in this skin, but as my inner spark was ignited, I felt a feminine glow that grew intensely. I opened myself up, mind, body and soul. Jason did the same. We touched each other and allowed our souls to meet in the middle. 
‘I’m not Perfect,’ he whispered a while later as I lay in his arms. 
‘Yes, you are,’ I whispered back, kissing his knuckles. 
‘I meant that I’m not a Perfect.’
He stilled my kisses as he looked at me. 
‘What are you then?’ 
‘Can you not tell?’ His eyes didn’t reflect back at me this time. I looked at them, trying to work out what was so familiar. 
‘I am you…’ he breathed across the small distance between us. I saw it then. My eyes were in his face.
‘I don’t understand.’ 
I stroked his cheek and felt the caress on my own skin. 
‘Some angels decide to split in two so that they can come to earth to help the human race. We know that the angels left the planet years ago. But we…me and you…us…we decided to give it another try and we needed two of us because it was going to be a hard task.’ He kissed me again and I felt the truth of his words. I remembered hearing a Perfect call her partner her soulmate when I’d been hiding out in the Upper Side and wondered what it meant. Now I knew.
‘Come, we need to go to the government compound now. We have a mission to be getting on with.’
Jason stood and got dressed, leaving me to follow. I was overwhelmed with love. I was overwhelmed with purpose and passion. But most of all, how the bloody hell was I going to unite the Avoidables and Perfects?
*
Purple stood on guard. We rounded the corner and burst through the double doors. The Perfect rulers were sitting around a table. 
‘Can we help you?’ The man at the head of the table watched as Jason and I came towards them. They were all looking toward the doors, expecting the guards to come in after us. Little did they know that we’d already sorted them out. 
‘Yes, you can help us,’ I replied, holding the gun towards his chest as I walked around the table. I’d seen pictures of this man. My survival instinct kicked in and I felt heat travel up my arms. 
‘Hope…’ Jason called and I stopped still. I looked at him and he grinned. I scowled and carried on walking towards my enemy. 
‘I believe you were actually expecting us?’ Jason said from the other side of the table. 
We both reached the man at the same time. I let my jaw drop as I looked at Jason. The older man laughed. It sent the whole table into hysterical laughter. I snapped. How dare these people laugh at us? How dare they sit here judging all the people that were not like them? How did they know what we’d been through? They thought their lives were perfect, but what about the pain and struggle that some of us had to face? Couldn’t these people just try to understand why we did what we did to survive? I lifted my gun, kicked the chair from under the man and landed on top of him as he hit the floor. The barrel was pressed against his chest and I wasn’t afraid to use it. 
‘Everyone, I’d like to bring you Hope,’ he called. A round of applause echoed around the room and I felt the man moving as a pair of wings sprouted from his back. I jumped up and looked around. Those around the table suddenly had wings. Purple was in the doorway, staring at us all. My wings came out and I looked over at Jason to see that he was sporting a pair too. 
‘Hope, we’re angels too. We’ve managed to become a part of the Perfect government,’ Jason said.
‘Thank you, Hope, you’ve been the most impressive Avoidable I’ve ever met. Don’t you think it’s about time we saved the planet?’ said the man I’d just threatened with a gun.
I watched as the angels stood and started to talk about plans going ahead. They spoke about acceptance of other species and the merging of the two sides of every city in the world. It would be tough at first, but Avoidables and Perfects would learn to accept each other. I blanked out the talking as Jason came over to me. He took my hands and squeezed them. 
‘I was the dark and you were the light,’ I said, letting him kiss me. When he pulled away, he took my new arm and we watched as it started to glow. 
‘No. You’ve always had the light in you, but you buried it deep inside.’ 
‘Do you think that Avoidables and Perfects both have light and dark?’ I looked at Purple who was deep in conversation with the head angel. He fitted in perfectly with those around him. 
‘Yes. It’s just a case of deciding which one you want to be.’
‘You think we can choose?’ I asked, putting my arms around him.
‘We do every day,’ he replied. 
Chapter Four

‘Hope, we’ve got to get out of here,’ Purple yelled.
‘It’s her, isn’t it?’ I shouted over my shoulder. ‘It’s Sandor. She’s in there!’
We were hiding behind a building on the Upper Side. Not long before, a bomb had exploded in the government compound right opposite us. Sirens were shrieking as emergency services tried to put out a fire that had taken hold. 
‘It’s got to be,’ Purple said just as a police car pulled up in front of us. His bulk blocked my view of the man getting out of the car.
‘Jason’s in there! I’ve got to get in!’ I said, stepping around him and glaring at the approaching officer. He held a gun aimed right at us. 
‘Hope…’ Purple started. I swore as the gun fired and hit me in the shoulder. 
A pair of arms came around me and lifted me into the air. Purple flew us over the building, avoiding the shots from below. We were getting good at dodging bullets. 
‘How bad is it?’ Purple shouted over the noise as we settled on the roof of another building, local to the government compound. 
‘It’s just a graze.’ I winced as I pulled my shirt away from the wound. 
‘Why don’t you go home and I’ll go get Jason?’ he said, looking at the blazing fire. 
Jason had been given a job as an administrator in the government. He was our insider. I’d tried my hardest to persuade him not to join them, but he was absolutely adamant that he wanted to help the angels take over the Perfect government so that we could all live in harmony. 
Progress was still slow. The angels had informed us that the Perfect government was still very much in control. A few of them had managed to infiltrate into their ranks, but there was a long way to go.
On top of this, my new arm was being temperamental. Whenever I was with Jason, it came out, but whenever I was away from him, it was gone. Only having the one arm was really irritating and I wanted to know why it kept happening. 
‘What about Sandor?’ 
Our flatmate had been behind the latest attack on the Perfects. She’d been used and abused by them and had taken her revenge. The only problem was, she would now be executed.
‘She made her choice,’ Purple said, taking my good arm and shoving my sleeve up. He inspected my war wound and then grunted. ‘You’ll live.’ 
‘She didn’t choose to be abused,’ I replied, yanking my arm out of his grip and pushing him away. 
‘What do you suggest? You know you have to be careful. If the Perfects find out about you…’
‘I know, but…’ I was silenced as another blast rocked the building. My mobile rang as I stared at the new blaze in front of us. 
‘Jason? Where are you?’ 
‘Don’t worry, I’m with the officials. If you’re here, get back to the Lower Side. They’re going mad in here. They’ve just sent out an order to kill any Avoidable that’s seen on the Upper Side tonight.’ His whispered words rushed from him and then the phone went dead. 
‘We’ve got to get out of here,’ I said, grabbing the arm that Purple held out to me. My hand touched the ridges that jutted out of his smooth tanned skin. He jumped and suddenly we were flying. My wings decided that now would be a good time to pop out. Purple grunted as they slapped his face and then let me go. I flew ahead, leading the way. Everyone below us was so preoccupied with the blast we managed to get back to the Lower Side with no more flying bullets. 
‘Hope, look…’ Purple called as we neared our home. Down below I could see guards’ cars outside. They must have known it was Sandor. I looked at my window and saw them going through my things. I growled and turned, but Purple grabbed my arm from behind. I flapped my wings as heat climbed up my arm. 
‘Hope, don’t be crazy, they’ll arrest us. They think we’re a part of it.’ Purple pulled harder and his muscles were way too much for me. I couldn’t fight him. He flew us to our hideout in the side of the mountain just outside the city. 
Purple tried to drop me delicately but I wouldn’t have any of it. I shoved against him as we came in to land and fell hard. I landed on my butt and grunted. 
‘Why did you stop me from going in?’ I said, taking my phone out of my pocket. 
‘What’s the matter with you?’ Purple stood in front of me. His muscles bulged as he crossed his arms. 
‘My stuff…’ I gestured towards nothing. I felt a lump in my throat at the thought of the only thing connecting me to my mum now being taken away. 
‘It’s just stuff. You’re better off alive.’
 Purple walked away and went to get our emergency pack out of its hiding place. I was trying to phone our neighbour, but they weren’t picking up. 
‘They’re probably interrogating them,’ Purple said over his shoulder. He was getting into my head again. 
‘Stop doing that,’ I snapped, standing up and redialling. 
‘I can’t help it when you think so loudly.’
I turned away from him and punched the air when someone answered. 
‘If you return, we’ll be kind,’ said the clipped tone of a guard. Crap! I switched the call off and was tempted to throw the phone. 
‘Okay, so what do we do now?’ I asked, turning back to Purple who now lounged on a sleeping bag. Luckily our phones couldn’t be traced anymore. The systems that were set in place had been broken a few years ago and the government were too scared to try and repair them. 
‘We wait until tonight and go to the meeting.’
I huffed as I went over to the stash and grabbed a blanket. It was cold in this cave. I sat across from Purple and ignored him. He acted like he was my father sometimes and it really bugged me. 
‘Do you think she’s dead?’ His voice was quiet. 
I turned to look at him. His hair flowed around his chiselled face. His square jaw was set and his big dark eyes were hidden from me. The black clothes he wore were dark against the bright sleeping bag. His t-shirt hugged his huge frame. I always wondered why he had small ridges on his arms and back, but none on his front. I tore my eyes away as an image of Jason popped into my head.
‘I don’t know,’ I replied.
We knew that Sandor wasn’t happy. We even knew that she’d become involved with a man from the rebels, but we didn’t realise that she would go this far. 
‘Do you think she managed to kill many of them?’ I asked after a moment of silence. 
‘She was extremely intelligent and knew the layout of the whole place…’ His words drifted off.
‘Revenge is not the answer!’ I thumped the ground with my only arm. 
‘We know that but not everyone is an angel, remember? Most Avoidables live in the gutter with their dark nature.’
Purple was right. Avoidables had been discriminated against for so long that they’d actually started to believe they were gruesome. They were just ordinary people, but because some had powers or were not great looking, they were classed as lesser men. Angels had been coming down to the earth to help since the beginning of time. I knew that they’d stopped for a while as the Perfects took over and separated themselves from Avoidables, but it seemed that we now had a mission to bring the world back into harmony. I’d needed to be unaware of the mission as I grew up so that I could know what it felt like to be an Avoidable.
I stood up and started to pace. I’d only recently found out that I was part angel and was still trying to figure it all out.
‘So, the plan of action is to go to the meeting tonight and then what?’ I didn’t want to get into the angel discussion right now. 
‘Who knows? Maybe we go to sleep…’ Purple ducked as I threw my phone at his handsome head. 
The meeting tonight would have a very different topic to what was originally planned. 

Chapter Five

‘Okay, people, listen up!’ Artie called. 
We were in an old theatre. It had been closed down since the arts had taken a back seat when the Perfects had stolen our most talented actors for their own plays. They made them play the bad guys. Artie was a tall thin man. His scraggly blonde hair was starting to grey slightly. He had a huge scar down the left side of his face. No one knew where he’d got it, but everyone could see that he was a handsome man under it. Artie was a city enforcer, in charge of trying to keep the peace on Lower Side. He’d made it his personal mission to try and help the Perfects and Avoidables get along. We’d been working as warriors for him for five years. We would track rebels, spy on the Perfect government and keep the peace on Lower Side.
‘Today Sandor and her lover attacked the government. This completely goes against what we’re trying to do. I’ve just been told that they’ve captured her and have decided to give her a trial. This is not like the government so we need to be careful. They’re obviously planning something.’ 
The room burst with noise as people discussed the development. I looked at Purple with raised eyebrows. He shrugged at me and turned back to our leader. An attractive Avoidable female was staring at my friend and I had to hide my smile. She lightly touched the ridges on his arm, making him jump. He looked down at her and scowled. 
‘Sorry, I just…’ Her voice trailed off as he swallowed and started to look uncomfortable. Eventually he just turned his back and ignored her. 
‘Don’t worry, he’s gay,’ I said, laughing when she gasped and pushed herself away through the crowd. 
‘Hope!’ Purple growled at me. 
I burst out laughing just as the room fell silent again.
‘Is there something funny?’ Artie said, looking directly at me. Purple was the one smiling now. 
‘No, it’s not funny,’ I said. ‘Sandor was my flatmate and I know that what the Perfects did to her was messed up. She deserves a trial. The only problem is, there needs to be a few Avoidables on the jury.’
Everyone gasped in horror. They probably thought I was mad. Why the hell would the Perfects let any of us in on the trial? Artie was nodding at me. 
‘Excellent. So you’ll volunteer to sit on the jury if we can somehow get in on it?’ he smirked. The man was an extremely clever one. He knew the government and their ways well. He’d started this movement to get Avoidables to recognise that although the Perfect government made out we were dangerous, we weren’t the ones in the wrong. Unfortunately we had to stop acting dangerous to prove it. 
‘Yes, I think I have a way to get in,’ I said. 
The crowd started to mutter between them. Purple took my good arm and I had to fight the urge to rip it away. I felt a buzzing in my back and was about to turn when the leader spoke again. 
‘See me after the meeting then,’ Artie said, his gaze questioning as he watched me squirm. I nodded and the meeting resumed. I spun away from Purple and pushed my way through the crowd as Artie spoke over them. I managed to get outside the building just before my wings and arm burst from me. I grunted and fell over at the force. This was getting weird. It happened at different times and was becoming more powerful.
‘Your wings are getting bigger,’ Purple said. He helped me up and pulled me into the alleyway next to the theatre. I rubbed the shoulder where my new arm now rested. I still wasn’t used to switching from having just one arm to two. 
‘Really…?’ I said, trying to put my hands behind me to feel. It didn’t work. 
My phone broke out in a tune, making us jump. It was Jason. 
‘Hope, are you safe?’
‘Yes, are you?’ I answered. My wings started to hum whenever I heard his voice. 
‘Yes, I’m at home now. They managed to kill ten people, including Nicholas Thompson.’ 
I froze when Purple gasped beside me. He could hear Jason. Nicolas was one of the angels that had managed to get into the government ranks. He was kind and softly spoken. I closed my eyes as Jason told me the names of the other officials. 
‘Hope?’ 
I swallowed my sorrow before I spoke. ‘We know about Sandor. We need to get some Avoidables on the jury.’ 
‘It’s already being spoken about. The angels are having a bit of influence on them and they’ve agreed to let two Avoidables in. You can’t be one of them though. You were her flatmate.’ Jason’s voice was gentle. He was waiting for my backlash, but it didn’t come. He was right. They were never going to let me go on the jury. 
‘I know,’ I sighed. 
‘Good. Find two people you trust and tell me their names. I’ll load them into the system and make sure they’re picked. Hope, this could be the turning point. Keep your head together.’ 
I felt my feathers bristle at his fatherly tone. Purple stifled a smile when I looked over at him. 
‘Jason…’ I started.
‘Just remember that I know you and I also love you,’ he laughed. 
A door banged and people’s voices brought our attention to the front of the building. My wings instantly retracted and my arm disappeared.
‘I’ll go and speak to Artie now,’ I said, ‘I’ll see you soon.’ 
‘Hope, remember to read that book I gave you. It could save us.’ 
‘Yes, okay,’ I replied, remembering the book he’d handed me the last time I’d seen him. ‘Oh and by the way, we can’t go home. I’ll let you know where we are. I love you, stay safe.’ 
I clicked the phone off and we went back into the theatre. Artie was sitting on the side of the stage talking to a few hangers on. He saw us approach and waved them away. They stared at us as they went past. 
‘Don’t mind them. They think you must’ve been involved with the bombing.’ 
He stood up and held out a hand to me. I took it and he pulled me onto the stage. Purple climbed up beside us. Artie turned and walked towards the back of the stage. We followed him through a corridor and into a small room.
In the room there was a big mirror with lights around it. On the mirror there were lots of photos. I went and took a closer look as Artie poured us a drink from a tin bottle. The pictures were of Artie before his scar. He was in all sorts of costumes, acting in lots of different plays. I hid my surprise as I realised that he must have been a Perfect. 
‘In case you’re wondering, no one else knows. I don’t allow anyone in here,’ Artie said, handing me a cup. I sniffed the liquid, surprised to smell alcohol. It was a banned product. It only caused the Avoidables to become even more depressed and desperate. Purple gulped his down, shrugging when I raised my eyebrows at him. I sipped the drink and grimaced as the burn hit the back of my throat. 
‘Is this why you fight so hard to make us behave? Because you know how good it is over there?’ I asked, sitting down on a worn out sofa. Purple came over and joined me, taking the cup from my hand and downing that too. I let him. I needed to keep a clear head. 
‘Every Avoidable that has lived here their whole life assumes that it’s wonderful over there. Yes, they have material luxury but they don’t have integrity, love or peace.’ 
Artie threw his drink back and poured himself another. Purple shook his head when he offered him more. 
‘Seriously…? Are you saying that it’s just as bad over there?’ Purple sat forward. The sofa creaked from his heavy frame. 
‘Yep, now let’s talk about something else shall we?’ 
Artie looked directly into my eyes and I fought the urge to look away. There was a world of something I didn’t understand in the depths of his eyes. His wrinkled, sun marked skin told the tale of a life well lived. 
‘I know what you are,’ he said, not looking away. 
I kept my face still.
‘What do you mean?’ Purple feigned innocence well. 
Artie stood and walked over to the photos. He picked one off the mirror and handed it to me. 
‘You probably didn’t recognise her,’ he said, sitting back down in his chair. 
My skin crawled as he watched me closely. I pulled my gaze away from him and looked down at the picture in my hand. I swallowed hard as I saw my mother looking back at me. She was wearing an ancient styled dress. A young Artie had his arm around her waist and was kissing her cheek as she grinned at the camera. I blinked a few times and couldn’t look away from the beautiful pair. Purple leaned over me. 
‘Who is that?’ he asked Artie. 
I looked up and for the first time, Artie glanced away from me. I saw the pain pass through his gaze before he’d turned. He must have been in love with my mother. 
‘You look so much like her,’ he whispered, taking another swig of his drink. Purple started to nod slowly as he understood his meaning. 
‘What happened?’ Purple asked. 
He knew me well enough to know that I wouldn’t be able to speak for a moment. 
‘It was that angel. They made a pact together after the accident. She thought she was doing it for me but instead, it killed her.’

Chapter Six

I was lying on the floor of the stage. Artie had refused to talk anymore and had shuffled us out of his room. He’d told us that we could stay in the theatre for as long as we needed. I was desperate to find out what had happened. The memory of my mother was a faint one now and it hurt to flash back to that time. Purple was nearby. I knew that he was awake because he usually snored loudly. He also grunted. I assumed that dragons must have been noisy sleepers in their day too. 
‘Are you okay?’ he said into the darkness. I could feel the faint heat of him. He’d insisted on sleeping near me just in case. We couldn’t trust anyone, not even Artie. 
‘I don’t know,’ I replied, sighing. 
‘Do you want to talk about it?’ 
He shifted closer and I moved away. His familiarity was too much right now. Purple had been my boss for a long time. We’d been working for Artie for a few years now but we’d never really spoken to him. Not like tonight. He was the enforcer for our city and met up with the enforcers from other cities and together they tried to bring more peace to the Lower Sides. 
‘No, thanks, I want to…’ My words were cut off as my phone burst into song. It echoed throughout the abandoned theatre. ‘Jason?’ 
‘I’m outside the theatre, come and let me in,’ he whispered. 
I felt my skin flush at the thought of him being so near. I’d texted him an hour ago to let him know that we were staying here. I jumped off the stage, ran down the aisle and unlocked the door. Throwing it open, I stood back and let him in. He grinned at me. He was wearing a jumper with a hood pulled low over his head. As I locked the door, he walked towards the stage. 
‘Where are you going?’ I said, taking his hand and pulling him to me. He wrapped his arms around my waist and bent to kiss my forehead. 
‘Sorry,’ he whispered. I pushed his hood back and kissed him properly. 
‘That’s better,’ I said, releasing him. I froze as my wings decided to push their way out of my back and my arm grew to its full length.  
‘Can we do it again?’ he asked, pushing me against the door. I wiggled away from him as my big feathered wings cramped from the pressure. 
‘Sorry,’ he said again, stepping back. 
‘Who’s there?’ Artie called from the stage. It was dark near the entrance so I pushed Jason behind me. 
‘It’s just me, Artie. I wanted to make sure we were safe before we slept.’ 
I walked towards him but stopped when his eyes grew wide. 
‘I knew it!’ he exclaimed. 
My wings were on full show and I cringed at my carelessness. Why did Jason always make me forget myself? Purple was standing behind Artie with his arms folded. The smile on his face was going to be knocked off if he wasn’t careful. 
‘How did you know?’ I carried on walking and stopped in front of the stage. 
‘She tried to hide her pregnancy from me. She claimed it hadn’t worked and that she’d been left alone.’ 
‘My mother…?’ I craved more information about her life before me. I missed her so much. 
‘Yes, I wondered if she’d kept you. She disappeared before she started to really show but she was still my woman. She tried to protect me for as long as she could after the accident but I pushed her away.’ 
He stopped talking and I had to stop myself from begging him to go on. 
‘What…?’ I was going to ask about the accident but his face grew hard and he spun away. Purple stepped back as Artie walked past him. 
‘Tomorrow, I will train you,’ he called, leaving us alone. My wings started to shudder and sink into my back. I was so used to this now. All I had to do was stand still for a minute. Jason came up behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist.
‘Purple,’ he said, nodding at my scowling friend. 
‘What are you doing here? Are you crazy?’
‘I had to see Hope,’ he replied, nuzzling my ear.
I spun in his arms and looked up at his perfect face. His green eyes were sparkling as he looked at me. His hair was unkempt and soft as I ran my hand through it. I heard Purple grunt behind us but his fading footsteps meant that he’d left us alone for now.
‘Was it bad?’ 
I didn’t want to talk about the bombing but I needed to know.
Jason shook his head and released me. He walked to the side of the stage and pulled himself up to sit on the edge. I went to stand in between his open legs. I stroked his thighs as I tried to get him to look at me. He took hold of my hands gently and kissed them before meeting my gaze. My chest squeezed as I saw the film of water lying over his eyes.
‘I’ve never seen anything like it,’ he whispered, letting his eyes drop. I sometimes had to remind myself that Jason was a Perfect and had only seen a shallow version of life until we’d met. 
‘I knew that things were bad over this side. They scare us into staying away, but it’s just…’ 
He couldn’t finish his sentence and I knew why. An image of my mother flashed into my mind and I closed my eyes, hoping it would disappear in the darkness.
‘I’m not sure if I’m cut out for this. I know I’m supposed to be doing this mission with you but today was scary.’
‘We need to toughen you up!’ Purple said, coming out of the shadows. I knew that he wouldn’t be able to stay away for long. His curiosity about what had happened would have overtaken any desire to give us any privacy.
‘And how do you propose we do that?’
I saw a look flash over Purple’s face. I knew him too well. He didn’t trust, or like, Jason much. 
‘I’ve got an idea,’ Purple said lying back down on his sleeping bag, ‘but first we all need some sleep.’
We agreed and curled up together across the stage from Purple. I drifted off to sleep wondering what Purple was going to do to my soulmate.

Chapter Seven

‘You used to live here?’ Jason whispered. 
We were standing in an alley below our flat. I wanted to see if I could get my stuff. The guards’ cars were still out the front of the building. Lower Side was made up of blocks of buildings that had flats in them. They were close together. There were shops at the bottom of some of the buildings. Roads were grimy from dirt. There was no concrete or pavements and there were absolutely no social places. There were no parks or greenery, not like the Upper Side. The buildings went on for miles and miles. Avoidables didn’t have the same type of jobs that Perfects had. They didn’t earn money. In fact money was banned in this city. The Perfects sent in vans with food supplies and fresh water. You could never find luxuries here. 
‘Welcome to the Lower Side, Perfect,’ Purple growled, sticking his head around the corner to see if the coast was clear. He looked at me and shook his head. 
‘Hope, you’re lighter than me, can you fly up and look in the window?’ 
I nodded and willed my wings to come out, but they stayed folded away. Purple raised his eyebrows at me. 
‘Useless as ever,’ he chuckled. 
‘Don’t say that. Although you do look constipated,’ Jason laughed along with my supposed friend. I hit them both on the arm and laughed myself when Jason started to rub at the spot I’d hit. 
‘We really do need to toughen you up,’ I said, kissing his forehead. 
Purple shook his head and allowed his wings to unfold. His were even bigger than mine and also folded into his back nicely. The purple shimmer on them glittered in the sunlight. 
‘Woah, that’s impressive,’ Jason gasped, staring up at Purple as he hovered outside his bedroom window. 
‘Yes, but they’re quite noisy.’ 
I was interrupted by a blast of wind from above and a loud flapping sound as Purple tried to stay still. I then heard a shout from inside and Purple shot up into the air, calling down to us.
‘I didn’t hear what he said, but it doesn’t sound good.’
I grabbed hold of Jason’s arm with my one arm and prayed it would work. My wings shot out of my back just as the window above was opened. A gun was aimed and fired towards Purple, but he managed to get away. I pulled Jason to the front of the building. A bullet lodged into the dirt just behind us. I was just about to flap my wings when a guard ran out of the front door and took a shot at us. I let my breath out as it whizzed past my ear. I then froze when I heard a grunt behind me. The bullet had hit Jason. 
I spun around and grabbed him by the waist. He had started to fall but my motion allowed him to land over my shoulder. The only problem was he was now trapping one of my wings against my back. I growled as I felt the air near my head move with the pressure of another bullet running through it. I started to run away from the building. I could hear the guard’s coming behind me. 
‘Hope!’ 
I heard the shout above me and then felt big arms wrap around Jason. I let him go, trusting Purple to take care of him. I felt a wet patch on my top and had to stop myself from panicking. I jumped and managed to get a good lift off, but then I felt a hand fold around my foot and pull me down. 
‘Yes!’ I heard the guard shout. I kicked backwards as I flapped my wings. I caught him in the face and he let me go. I could hear the gunshots and footsteps but I didn’t dare look behind me. I managed to get high enough to be out of reach of the guards but the bullets still whistled past. 
I headed back to the theatre, leaving the noise behind me. My heart was in my throat as I tried to stay focused on where I was going. I was just about to fly straight past the theatre when I caught a glimpse of Purple below me. He was in the side alley. 
‘What are you doing?’ I panted, landing next to him. 
‘Trying to save your boyfriend,’ he said, leaning over Jason who was on the floor. 
‘Why are you out here?’ I rushed over to them and looked down at my soulmate. His face was drained of colour and his eyes were closed. His hoody was covered in blood. He even had some in his hair. 
‘Because I’m not sure Artie would be pleased to have a Perfect in his theatre,’ Purple growled, taking his shirt off. His muscles were highlighted by the sun as he ripped his t-shirt. I crouched next to Jason and moved his hair back from his face. I couldn’t see where the wound was. My hands were shaking so much that I didn’t even attempt to stop Purple when he pushed me away. 
‘Bring him inside,’ came a voice from behind us. 
We spun to see Artie standing at the end of the alley. 
‘Quick before someone sees you,’ he called, gesturing. 
Purple picked up Jason and we followed our new saviour into the theatre. Jason was laid down onto the stage and Artie took over his care. 
‘I can’t let this one die,’ Artie muttered as he bound the wound on Jason’s thigh.
‘Why not…?’ Purple said. 
I punched him on the arm before turning back to Artie. 
‘Because he’s my nephew,’ Artie said.
Chapter Eight

His lips were pale and his skin was white. He’d already been unconscious for a few hours and I wanted him to wake up. 
‘Come on, Jason,’ Artie murmured. 
I watched the movement of his eyeballs under their lids. He was trying.  Really trying. Slowly they parted and his green gaze landed on mine. A small smile tugged the corners of his lips before they scrunched up in a grimace.
‘Don’t move,’ Artie said, holding his arm down. 
The bullet had gone into his leg and just missed the artery vein. Artie had done some quick work, digging out the bullet and sewing him up. There’d been blood everywhere. Purple had been sent out for supplies and a doctor. The most intelligent Avoidables went to a private school. We still needed professionals.
‘I’m worried about the Doctor,’ I whispered to Artie as Jason took my hand. 
‘It’s okay, Hope,’ Jason muttered.
I leant down and kissed his forehead.
‘We don’t have a choice. I need him to make sure the stitches are okay,’ Artie said.
The secret knock sounded on the theatre door and Artie went to let them in.
‘I’m sorry…’ Jason started.
I put a finger over his lips and looked into his eyes. I smiled slowly and he did the same. We didn’t need any words. The life that reflected back at me was all that I needed.
‘I’m not sure I can be an angel,’ I said.
‘He’s through here,’ I heard Artie say as he came into the small room. We’d moved the patient as soon as the surgery was done. Jason squeezed my hand and didn’t take his gaze away from me. I knew that we had to talk about this.  The truth was, I didn’t feel capable of embracing my light side and trying to protect Jason too. 
‘Hello,’ the doctor greeted us politely. 
I tried not to look shocked as a tall elderly man with ridges over his hands came forward and stood in front of us. He was wearing a smart suit and had short grey hair and glasses on the end of his nose. He also had bright purple eyes…
I looked up as Purple walked through the door. His jaw was tight and I could feel the tension vibrate from him. Purple rarely spoke about his father. He’s always said that he’d rejected him at a young age and as such, Purple had found his own way. 
‘Okay, let’s get going, I need to…’ he paused when he looked at Jason’s face. His gaze travelled down his perfect bare chest. A sheet covered the lower half of him, but his flawless legs were showing too. 
‘He’s a Perfect?’ he whispered, turning to Artie. 
‘No questions, remember Pa?’ Purple growled. 
The doctor looked at his son and growled back. His teeth actually bared and I could see the flame in his eyes. 
‘Doctor, please can you check the stitches? I’ve done them a few times when I went travelling but I want to make sure they’re good enough.’ Artie lifted the sheet and I looked away. Even though Jason and I were lovers, it felt wrong looking at him in this way. My gaze clashed with Purple’s and he gestured with his head to follow him. 
‘I’ll let you get on,’ I said, squeezing Jason’s hand and then leaving to join Purple on the stage outside.
‘You never said your father was a doctor,’ I accused, folding my arms over my chest and leaning back against the wall.
‘No, I didn’t.’ He didn’t explain anymore. Purple had always kept quiet about his life before knowing me. We’d become close friends as we worked together for Artie. It had been a while since Artie had given us any work and so we’d had to rely on each other for food and protection.
‘Want to talk about it?’
‘No, I don’t.’
Now he was just being a man. They always went into their caves and didn’t speak. I was dreading the time when Jason and I would have our first man cave experience. I handled confrontation better than silence.
‘He wanted me to become a doctor, but I wanted to be a warrior, like my brother.’
I burst out laughing. I couldn’t help it. He jumped off the stage and started to walk away.
‘No, wait! I’m sorry, but warrior sounds so…’ Nope, I couldn’t stop. I was giggling into my hand when he stormed out of the theatre and onto the street outside.
I sat on the edge of the stage as my laughter died down. I knew he would be mad at me for a bit but hopefully he would calm down soon. I suppose we were warriors really. We were constantly fighting. But in essence, all we’d been trying to do was to break down the barriers between our two races. Everyone deserved to be acknowledged as equal. We were all the same. Just because some of us had defects, didn’t mean we didn’t feel the same. I looked at the space my arm should have been. I was getting fed up with the unpredictable limb.
‘He’s fine. The doctor is just cleaning him up and giving him a complete check over,’ Artie said, coming out of the shadows.
‘That’s great,’ I replied, standing up.
‘You can control it you know,’ he said, gesturing to the empty space to the left of me.
‘You said Jason was your nephew?’
I’d been wondering about what he’d said when we’d brought Jason back after being shot. He smiled softly before a hint of pain flashed across his eyes.
‘You don’t want to know how to control your arm and wings?’
I shook my head and then realised what he’d said. I hadn’t been listening to him.
‘You know how?’
He nodded and ran his hand through his hair.
‘Your dad was the same.’
I felt my mouth drop open. My father had only had one arm too?
‘They lived with both the Perfects and the Avoidables. When they were on either side, they had to take on the characteristics of that race. Your dad befriended me just after the accident. Your mum was a Perfect, like me. Do you remember her?’
I was watching him closely. My father, an angel, had been an Avoidable? I tried to picture my mother, but her face was blurry. I’d not even thought about what it had been like for her when she’d been a Perfect.
‘I remember bits of her but…’ I didn’t want to let him know that I’d blocked out the last few months of being with her. It was too painful and I couldn’t bear the memory. 
A bang knocked the front of the theatre and we both jumped up. Purple came running in and stopped when he saw us.
‘Hope, Artie, a source just told me that the Perfects have requested a meeting with the enforcer of the Lower Side. They’ve also called a halt to the search for us. They want to talk about getting someone on the jury for Sandor’s trial.’
‘Do you think we can trust them?’ I asked.
He shrugged and we looked over at Artie.
‘What choice do we have? This is a chance that we’d never thought we’d get. What’s going on over there?’ Artie said.
Purple looked at me with raised eyebrows but I shook my head quickly. I still didn’t know Artie well enough to trust him. He seemed to want to help make the world a better place, but his experience with angels didn’t sound like it had gone all that well. I wasn’t sure how he would handle the knowledge that they were working with the Perfects to try and change them.
‘You kids are still so young. I can’t believe they’re going to drag you into this.’
He wasn’t being condescending. He didn’t know that we knew about the angels. I frowned as I thought this. Thinking about it, I didn’t know that much. Jason was the one who had talked to them and was planning the action steps on integrating the two races. Maybe I needed to have a meeting with the angels and get more involved. After all, I was meant to be the one doing the work this side of the river.
‘I think we need to go and see them,’ Purple said, turning to leave.
‘Wait, I want to say goodbye,’ I called, turning the other way.
‘Hope, why do you have to be so…’ Purple stopped when Artie chuckled. I had become a bit soppy since Jason had come into my life but that was only because I finally had someone to love.
‘Fine, hurry up,’ he growled, slumping in an old theatre seat. Artie walked over to join him and I ran backstage to Jason.

Chapter Nine

Approaching the guards was daunting. The bridge was full of them. We’d managed to get a message to them that we wanted to meet with the Perfect government.
‘Do you have any weapons?’ one guard called as we walked up to them. Did they think we were stupid?
‘No, we don’t,’ Artie replied, taking the lead role. And we didn’t, not on show anyway.
‘Come forward then,’ another said, gesturing with his gun. We had about thirty guns aimed at us. I had the urge to laugh. It all seemed a little unreal. Yesterday they were hunting us down but today we were willingly meeting with them. We stepped forward and the main guard opened the door to a car. We all squeezed onto the back seat.
‘Are we seriously trusting them?’ I asked, elbowing Purple when he put his arm around me.
‘I’m just trying to get comfortable,’ he hissed, rubbing his side.
‘Stop it,’ Artie said tightly.
We froze and looked at him. He was sweating and was staring at one of the guards. The man was older and had similar eyes to both Artie and Jason.
‘Is that your brother?’ I asked, my gaze switching between the two of them. A guard shouted from outside and they all got into their vehicles. The man that looked like Artie climbed into the driver’s seat of our car.
‘Okay, let’s get you over to the compound.’
I kept my head forward but sneaked a glance at Artie. His face was clear and he’d managed to regain some composure.
‘So, how does it feel to have three dangerous Avoidables in your car?’ Purple asked. I glared at him, tempted to elbow him again. Artie chuckled and I became even more confused.
‘Nothing new to me, I deal with Avoidables every day. You’re not as dangerous as you make yourselves out to be. Although, you’re a big one.’ The man looked at Purple in his rear view mirror. We looked at each other and started to laugh. We hadn’t been expecting that. Artie kept his head turned towards the window. He was watching the buildings as we drove past. I wondered if he ever missed being on this side of the river.
‘How is he?’ The question caught us off guard and we fell silent. He was looking into the mirror directly at Artie.
‘He’s fine,’ Artie replied, not looking away from the window.
I was just about to open my mouth to introduce myself when Purple squeezed my shoulder stump. I looked over to him and he shook his head.
‘Thank you for looking after him. I have no idea why he was over there but when he gets back, I’ll…’
‘He won’t be back for a little while. I don’t know why either, but I’m sure he’ll explain when he’s well enough.’ Artie ignored me as I poked him on the thigh that rested against mine.
What was going on here?
I suddenly realised I knew nothing about Jason. I’d been so wrapped up in our new relationship and the sneaky visits that were never enough, that I didn’t even think about his life on the Upper Side, outside of the compound.
‘Catherine was going mad. So was Gina. I’ve told them both that he’s on government duty and that he’d be gone for a few days.’
Artie looked into the rear view mirror and nodded once when their eyes made contact. He then turned back to the window. His hand came across to my thigh and squeezed tight. I had to bite my tongue from asking the many questions that were running through my mind. Who were Catherine and Gina? Were they Jason’s mother and sister? Or was one of them something more? I looked at Purple. His lips were thin and he was watching me closely. Was I that predictable? I closed my eyes to stop the urge to do exactly what both Artie and Purple assumed I would do. My veins grew hot as I thought of Jason having someone over this side. I’d never even thought to ask him.
‘We’re here. Artie, I…’
‘Don’t,’ Artie said, cutting the man off. The look in his brother’s eyes sent a dart into my heart. He loved his brother and it was obviously killing him not being able to express that. Artie had managed to get a message to him about Jason being injured. When we came to a stop, the door opened and we got out. Another guard escorted us into the side door of the main compound building.
‘This way,’ he gestured with his gun. We were in a hallway. The walls were bright white with pictures of famous Perfects on them. This surprised me in a government building.
‘These people are so shallow,’ Purple whispered. We walked side by side as Artie led us. I turned to see a guard following close behind. They were all very handsome. Before Jason, I would’ve flirted with them. An ache settled in my chest at the thought of Jason and his other life. I was only a tiny part of it and I was a secret. The driver hadn’t looked at me once. He probably reacted the same way his son had when he’d first seen me in the club. That seemed so far away now, but in reality it had only been a few months.
‘You will now meet with William Davies,’ the guard announced as he stopped in front of a door and opened it. He nodded for us to go through. We did as he said and entered a large dining room. A wooden table with about thirty chairs around it was in the middle. A chandelier hung from the ceiling and paintings of government officials hung on the walls. I’d never seen anything like it. I knew my mouth was hanging open. I’d read books and seen pictures of a few of the luxuries that the Perfects had. We’d all had them at one point. Before someone had decided that people with defects, or what they classed as ugly, were below those who were physically gorgeous. 
‘Welcome,’ said one of these gorgeous people. He was extremely tall, the same height as Purple but a lot slimmer and less broad. His suit fitted extremely well and he had dark hair with tiny bits of silver running through the side. His skin was light and he had blue eyes. All in all, he radiated power and I had to lick my lips when he came up to me and smiled. His smile was the best thing about him. The corners of his lips formed dimples as they rose into his cheeks. His white teeth were in perfect alignment. My cheeks heated as he took my good hand and kissed it. He didn’t even glance at my stump like most Perfects did. I could feel Purple stiffen next to me. Artie was chuckling again.
‘Artie,’ the man greeted, nodding with a smaller smile.
‘Will.’
I looked at Artie and saw that he knew this man.
Just how involved was Artie with the government?

Chapter Ten

‘So you’re saying that the Perfect government are willing to offer Sandor two witnesses to testify for her?’ Purple growled.
We were sitting at the table opposite William. He kept smiling at me with a knowing look. Did he really think that I’d be attracted to him? Okay, for a moment I was looking but as soon as he’d started talking I’d gone off him pretty quickly. It wasn’t just about how you looked. 
‘Yes,’ William said.
‘You want us to do it, don’t you?’ I asked. I wasn’t sure what they were up to but my gut was telling me to refuse.
William nodded and winked at me. I raised my eyebrows as Purple stifled a laugh by coughing.
‘I’m not sure, William, why are you giving Sandor a trial? Usually you would just kill her and be done with it.’ Artie stood up and started to pace the room. Being in such a grand place was uncomfortable for us all.
‘Yes, we would but things are starting to change. You know that Artie. All your work hasn’t been for nothing.’
I looked between the pair of them. I was feeling more and more like I was in the dark about everything. Purple had a knowing look when our gaze met. He’d always been in charge of our missions. I’d even been clueless then.
‘Why us…?’ Purple said as I was about to open my mouth.
‘You know her better than anyone,’ William replied leaning back in his seat. His back was completely straight. I was trying my hardest not to slouch on the uncomfortable wooden chairs.
‘Something doesn’t feel right,’ I said quietly. I was watching William as he looked at me. A flash of something tiny in his gaze made me pause. His half smile returned and I looked away. What had that look been? Fear…?
‘There is one condition,’ William said.
Artie stopped pacing and stood behind his chair. We’d been waiting for this part.
‘Hope and Purple stay here in the compound with Sandor.’
I couldn’t help the gasp that came out of my mouth. Purple jumped up and growled. His tall frame didn’t intimidate William. He sat completely still with his arms folded on the table.
‘No,’ I said, standing and turning to leave.
‘Hope, wait…’ Artie said, sitting back down opposite William.
‘Are you mad, Artie? I’m not going to be imprisoned. This was just a trick to get us over here. They’re basically arresting us too.’ I’d spun back and now started around the table. ‘You really think we’re that stupid?’
Purple grabbed me and pulled me away from William. My arm was shaking as a hot flush travelled from my feet to my head.
‘Hope, Purple, sit back down,’ Artie ordered. The tone in his voice was something I’d never heard before. We both sunk into our chairs.
‘That’s not going to happen, William, and you know it. Why don’t you tell me why we’re really here?’
William genuinely smiled as he looked at Artie. ‘Never could get anything past you, could I?’
They both started to laugh and I felt myself start to rise again. What the hell was going on? Were they in this together? Was Artie working for the Perfect government?
‘We’re after the rebel,’ William stated.
I let out my breath and frowned at Purple. Sandor’s lover hadn’t been caught with her?
‘What have we got to do with that?’ I asked.
‘I can’t tell you too much, you know that, Artie,’ William said, ignoring me now. It seemed that all the flirtation was gone now that he hadn’t got the response he was after. Artie nodded and stood up. We all followed suit.
‘You have a choice to make, Will. These Avoidables will not stay here, but they will testify for Sandor,’ Artie said. I hissed and opened my mouth, but Purple pinched my arm. I growled at him but Artie put his hand up before I could do anymore.
‘In the meantime, I will try and find the rebel and bring him to you.’
I was trying really hard to keep my big gob shut. What the hell was going on? William started to nod slowly. It seemed he was happy with this deal. Was he really going to give up that quickly?
‘I know how good you are,’ he replied, holding out his hand. Artie took it and they shared another laugh. Purple shook his head and smiled too. I knew I looked like an idiot as they all looked over at me.
‘Don’t worry, Hope, everything is as it should be.’ William winked at me again and I gasped. Was William…?
‘Okay, let’s go,’ Artie said turning and heading towards the door. William shook Purple’s hand and then came to me. As soon as our hands met my back started to vibrate and my shoulder started to grow.
‘Oh crap!’ Purple said, grabbing my hand and trying to pull me. It was too late, my wings burst through my top and my arm was suddenly there.
‘Sir, the chancellor is here to see you all,’ a guard called from the other side of the door. William just stood there staring at me. His eyes were wide and filled with awe.
‘I’ve never seen it done quite like that,’ he whispered.
‘Sir…?’ The knocking grew louder and we all looked around.
‘Put them away,’ William said, going over to the door, ‘Just one moment please,’ he called.
‘I can’t,’ I said looking around for an escape route.
‘Yes you can, close your eyes and pull on the muscles of your wings.’
I opened my mouth to respond but he shook his head. Was it really that simple? I was unsure if he was an angel himself or whether he was just aware of us. It seemed that he was one of us if he knew how to pull the wings in. I closed my eyes and concentrated. It took a moment but eventually I felt the muscles moving. My wings started to fold and retreat into my back. I then looked at my arm and did the same thing. It was such a weird sensation. I had to swallow a couple of times before I was able to look up again. 
‘Well done,’ Purple said patting my back.
William opened the door. There was a short man with very blonde hair waiting on the other side.
‘Chancellor, you’ve missed the meeting, they were just leaving.’
The man looked over at us and cringed. I didn’t hide my own disgust as he walked into the room. This was a genuine Perfect.
‘And is everything sorted with these…?’ He gestured towards us. His handsome lip was curled up and I had to laugh. He glared at me as he looked at my shoulder stump.
‘Yes, everything is sorted. You may go back to work.’ William’s face was screwed up, but I couldn’t tell if he was doing it for his benefit or because he found the man as repulsive as I did. The chancellor spun on his heels and walked away quickly.
‘It’s time you got out of here,’ William said, leading us out of the room.

Chapter Eleven

‘What are you doing?’ Jason said as he watched me from the stage. We’d brought him out into the open room so he could move a bit.
‘I’m practicing,’ I replied, pulling my wings in once again. I’d done it a few times since getting back from the meeting. I was getting the hang of it quickly.
‘You didn’t know that William was one of us?’ Jason asked. I walked to him and sat on a chair that I’d pulled up next to his.
‘No, in fact, I don’t know enough. It shocked Artie too. I want you to tell me everything.’
He frowned at me and took my hand.
‘Hope, I…’
‘Hope, we need to go,’ Purple said, rushing out from the back of the stage. I jumped up automatically. It had been a few weeks since we’d had a job but I knew Purple meant business.
‘Wait,’ Jason called as I turned to leave.
I turned back to him and looked down into his gorgeous face. His hair was sticking up and his face was still pale.
‘There’s something you need to know…’
‘There’s no time. The rebel is in the city and we need to act fast.’ Purple grabbed my arm and pulled. I sent an apologetic smile over my shoulder. I tried not to think about what Jason had wanted to tell me. Was it something to do with the women that Artie’s brother had mentioned?
As we walked outside I pulled my arm in so no one else could see it. In the Lower Side everyone knew me. If I all of a sudden showed up with two arms they’d freak out.
‘I don’t know what you see in him,’ Purple said as he wrapped his arms around me and lifted us into the air. I relaxed and allowed the motion to take us. We flew south, away from the river and to the very border of the Lower Side. What did I see in Jason? I’d spent hardly any time with him. I didn’t know a lot about him. Yet, every time I saw him, or even thought of him, my heart went funny.
‘There he is,’ Purple shouted.
In the distance, the wilderness stretched away from the city. A small car was speeding away across the dirt. There were several red lone mountains dotted between the cities. Rebel and roamer camps were often set up at the base of these mountains.
‘Where the hell did he get a car from?’ I shouted.
Vehicles in Lower Side had been destroyed long ago. Riots had taken place and the Avoidables had been so stupid that they’d torched all the cars we’d had. 
‘Purple, we can’t really go…’
‘Yes, we can,’ he shouted back, ‘Use your wings, we’ll get there quicker. Just make sure he doesn’t see you. I’ll grab you when we get there.’
I pushed out my wings and Purple let me go. Flying out here was so liberating. The wilderness was deserted apart from our stupid friend. We were slowly catching up with him. Purple went ahead. He was more experienced at flying and his huge wings took him further than mine did. We started to get nearer the car. It was going really fast. The dirt was billowing out behind it which was good as it gave us some cover. I caught up with Purple and he grabbed me. I pulled my wings in and he swooped us down towards the car. 
‘I’m going to drop you on the bonnet,’ he called.
‘What!?’ I shouted back. He was going to kill me if he did that.
‘Okay, the roof then. You can grab on to the roof.’
‘Are you mad?’ I screamed. We were getting nearer and I started to panic. I squirmed in his arms and he grunted.
‘Stop, Hope, you’ll be fine.’
Then he dropped me straight on top of the car. I thudded and flew backwards. Swearing in pain I threw my hand out to the side and managed to clamp onto the top of the door. Thank goodness the window was open. My body swung with the effort of trying to hold on with one arm. I was just about to fall off the side when Purple grabbed my legs and swung me back. I pushed out my arm and grabbed the other side of the roof. The car was stopping. The rebel was swearing and breaking hard. I was thrown forward as the car stopped beneath me. I landed on the dirt just in front of the car. Purple had landed and was pulling the rebel out of the car.
‘What the…?’ The man spluttered. He was a skinny short guy with a huge nose. He was staring at Purple as he held him up in the air by his t-shirt.
‘You okay?’ my supposed best friend called.
I wasn’t alright. I slowly began to rise and cried out in pain. Purple was beside me in an instant, the man still in his hand.
‘What is it?’
‘It’s my arm,’ I replied through clenched teeth. The pain sliced through me and I couldn’t quite work out what was wrong. I managed to sit up and look at my arm. I gasped at the same time as Purple did. It was bent the wrong way at the elbow.
‘Oh man, I’m so sorry, I…’
The rebel managed to kick Purple in the shin. The dragon half breed spun and threw him. He flew through the air and thudded against his car bonnet, landing on a heap on the floor.
‘What is it with you today?’ I asked, wincing as I cradled my arm to me. Purple bent down and I saw a flash of anger cross his face. Had I made him angry because I couldn’t do the job properly?
‘No, it’s not you,’ he said, reading my mind, ‘It’s something else. I can’t tell you but…’
I swallowed and knew he was talking about Jason. This mystery was getting too much. I wasn’t prepared to be left in the dark anymore.
‘Tell me, Purple, I know something’s not right and I want to know now. You at least owe me that!’ I said, gesturing at my throbbing arm. He glanced over at our prisoner. He was quiet for a moment and I thought he might refuse to say anything, but when he looked back at me, I knew I wasn’t going to like what he said.
‘Jason is engaged.’
Chapter Twelve

‘Jason, we need to talk,’ I said. He was sitting in a chair in Artie’s dressing room. Purple’s father had put a cast on my arm and I was not feeling so good. 
‘Your arm…?’ Jason sat upright in his chair. ‘What happened? Why didn’t you come to see me when you got back?’ 
I lowered myself onto the sofa on the other side of the room and avoided his gaze. Instead, I looked down at my not even dry cast. It was massive and went all the way down my arm, bending at the elbow. I let my dark shoulder length hair fall forward over my face. 
‘Why didn’t you tell me?’ I whispered, fighting the knot in my throat.
‘I tried…’ he said, after what felt like forever.
‘No you didn’t,’ I growled. ‘It’s been months since we met.’ 
I jumped up and stood in front of him. When I looked into his eyes I could see the reflection of my pain. ‘How dare you be upset?’ I went to try and raise my hand to hit out at him but it wouldn’t move. Stupid cast!
‘Hope, listen to me. The angels advised that I did nothing to cause suspicion. Did you not think that I may have had a life before you came and stole my heart?’
I slumped back onto the sofa. I could feel the muscles in my face screwing up. That was hardly an excuse.
‘What else should I know? Do you have kids?’ I could feel heat running up and down my aching arm. I needed to calm down or else I’d end up breaking something of his.
‘No, I don’t have children. It’s to be a marriage of convenience,’ he sighed and looked away from me whilst I looked closely at him. Why couldn’t he meet my gaze? Did he just say…?
‘What do you mean it’s going to be a marriage of convenience?’
I tried to move away but he reached out and grabbed my waist, pulling me so tight to him that I ended up standing against his knees. God! I wanted to extend my arm and punch his beautiful face. His hand locked around my knees.
‘Look at me,’ he whispered and I couldn’t help but let my gaze meet his. Tears sprung to my eyes when I saw unshed tears sitting in his. ‘This has been arranged for a long time, Hope, it’s all part of the plan.’
‘What plan? Do you love her?’
If he loved her, then I’d let him go willingly. He claimed we were soulmates but if he married another woman, then I’d know it wasn’t true.
‘No! I’ve never loved anyone until I met you. I asked you to read that book, Hope. I’m assuming you didn’t.’
I tore my gaze away from him. He was planning on marrying someone he didn’t love, when all the time he was having a relationship with me?
‘You know what, Jason, forget us,’ I said, ripping away from his grip and storming out of the room. He yelled out to me, but luckily he couldn’t follow.
‘Where are you going…?’ Purple called. He’d been talking to Artie.
I ignored him and stormed out of the theatre, I needed some air.  Pushing my wings out, I felt my top rip. I didn’t think I’d be flying anywhere, but in the end, I flew to our hide out and made up a bed for myself. Purple had managed to go back to the flat after the guards had left it and got our things. We’d stashed them in our mountain hide-out for safety. Digging into my bag, I pulled out the book that Jason had given me. Crawling into my makeshift bed, I opened it. It was a journal. I hadn’t realised. Jason said that it was a history book that contained information about our mission on earth. He’d said that he knew quite a lot about it when I’d first met him. I’d been so caught up in our new love that I’d forgotten all about it. The first lot of handwriting was misshapen but small.

My Beloved, 
Today we signed the contract to meet again in the next lifetime. You and I shall be part angels and then become whole when we meet. How will I know you? Past lives have not gone quite as planned but this time we need to get it right. So much is riding on us and I want to help the angels bring more light to the world now. Earth will be destroyed if the discrimination carries on. We may only be a soul and not a true angel, but that’s why they chose us. We can cope with the harsh realities of the world easier than them. I know we can do it. 
Your Beloved.

The scrawl on the page then became bigger and more feminine.

Dearest twin, 
Today we did sign a contract and I’m so ready for our mission. You will recognise me, not by a physical trait, but you will see my soul. No matter what is happening in our lives, we will find a way to fulfil this mission. As we know from past experience, physical life is not easy and our thoughts control our lives. If we can at least try to wake up and see past our own agenda, we’ll surely succeed. No matter our experiences this time, know that I’m ready to save the world. I’m always your beloved twin and if you’re with another soulmate in this lifetime, I will honour that and wait until we are together again. We chose this mission and I have every intention of bringing the city that we’ve been chosen to heal, together again.
Your Beloved. 

Tears were running down my face as I read our journal entries. Our handwriting was different and each letter was a declaration of loyalty to the mission and of the love we had for each other. There were no names which I found interesting. I stopped reading for moment and had a flashback to the first night Jason and I had met. I remembered sitting beside him in the bar and showing him my soul through my eyes. I’d never done that before but something in him made me want to. Jason asked me to read this journal so that I would understand our mission and what we had to do to achieve success while we were here. He’d said that he’d been researching his whole life and had been given the journal by a government official. I now knew he was taking about William.
‘Are you okay?’ A voice interrupted my thoughts and I jumped. Purple came into our cave and I swiped at the tears that soaked my face. 
‘Go away,’ I grunted, curling up and turning away from him. I heard him come over and lay next to me. His huge arm wrapped around me and pulled me close. I rolled over and buried my head into his chest and just let the sobs explode from me. He didn’t say a word, just held me with that one arm. After a while I pulled back. 
‘Didn’t I tell you years ago that love is…?’
‘Don’t,’ I sniffled, wiping my face. 
‘You’re crying your eyes out and you don’t agree?’ He stood up and lifted his t-shirt over his head. It was soaking wet with my tears. He went over to his things and picked out another tight black one. 
‘Love is the most powerful thing in the world and beyond,’ I whispered. 
‘What’s happened to my tough nut? You’ve gone all soppy on me,’ he chuckled. He lit the pile of wood we always had ready for when it was needed. 
‘I…’ I didn’t know what to say. Since I’d met Jason, a softer side of me had emerged and I didn’t think it would ever go away. The journal I’d just read, had made it worse.
‘It’s your angel side I’m sure.’ He sat down on the opposite side of the fire. I watched him through the flames. He really was a beautiful dragon half-breed.
‘Yes, probably. I’ve not felt the same since…well, since it happened. I wish Artie would tell me what happened with my mother.’ I could feel the tears threaten again as I pictured the last time I’d seen her. We’d been living in the Lower Side. My mother always kept a low profile but she would make me go out and get our food and water. One day she was reading a story to me when some guards stormed the flat and took her away. That had been thirteen years ago. I’d been eleven years old.
‘I’m sure he will in his own time,’ Purple replied, lying down on the floor. 
‘I’m also sick of not knowing what’s going on with all this.’ I gestured around us. A wave of emotion hit me and I curled up on my side again. I felt so lost. 
‘It’ll all come clear to you soon, Hope,’ Purple whispered as he drifted off to sleep. I lay awake for a while trying to make sense of it all, but eventually I gave in and joined him in the land of the oblivious. 

Chapter Thirteen

Something wasn’t right. We were outside the theatre, about to walk through the door. I put an arm out to stop Purple and we both listened carefully. Inside we could hear a shuffling and scraping of something. 
‘Come on,’ Purple said, opening the door and sneaking in. I followed him. We stood in the shadows looking towards the stage. I jumped when I noticed our prisoner was in the aisle and not far from us. The rebel was pulling the wooden chair to which he was tied to, along with him. He shuffled forward, lifting up onto his feet, pulling the chair forward a couple of inches then sitting back down again. 
‘Very good,’ Purple growled going forward and picking the man and his chair up and taking him back to the stage. The rebel screamed in frustration. I wondered how long it had taken him to get that far. He must had fallen off the stage and somehow got back up. Artie came out from the back. His eyes were blinking and he stopped to rub the sleep away.
‘What happened?’ he asked, standing still as he watched Purple tie the rebels chair to the stage. There was no way he could escape now.
‘Good job we just came back. He was escaping,’ Purple huffed. He was not happy. I slowly walked up to the stage but stayed on the floor. My eyes grew wide as Jason walked out from the back of the stage. He was limping very slightly. 
‘Hope, I’ve been waiting for you. I’ve got to go back, they’re getting suspicious. I didn’t want to leave without…’ He stopped when he realised everyone was watching him. I spun away from the stage and walked back up the aisle towards the front door. He followed me. I couldn’t believe how quickly he could walk now. He’d only been shot a few days ago. 
‘Hope, please…’ he said, taking my cast in his hand and spinning me towards him. 
‘I’ve read the book. It’s fine. You need to get on with your life as it was planned.’ I didn’t know what else to say to him. The journal was so intimate. It was so trusting and understanding and a small part of me could feel it sitting inside of me. But there was a huge part of me that was too human to be able to just be okay with him marrying another woman. 
‘I don’t want to,’ he whispered. He pulled me to him and wrapped his arms around me. I felt his heart beat against my head. It was resonating in me. He pulled my hair back gently and looked down into my eyes. I saw it for the first time. He was showing me his soul. Intensity started to make my body shake. The love that flowed from him and into me made me feel light headed. He rested his forehead against mine. Our gaze was locked into place and I could feel his warm breath mingle with mine. 
‘I love you, Hope. You’re the reason I’m alive. I don’t want any other women. You’re the one for me. I feel you.’ He placed his hand over my heart and I felt it melt. A tear escaped my eye as a familiar feeling that I’d never felt in this lifetime overwhelmed me. He caught me as my knees buckled and lifted me. I wrapped my legs around his waist and he walked us into the shadows by the entrance. Here, he pressed me against the wall and stood still. The shadows had tried to swallow the light in his eyes, but they were glowing and I could see them clearly.
‘I love you too,’ I replied. It was true. The journal had opened up a part of my heart that I never knew existed. As he lowered his mouth to mine and pulled my lower lip into his mouth and sucked, I vowed to complete our mission. If we were separated, that was fine. It wasn’t just about me and my human needs. This was about love and bringing more of it to the world. The earth wouldn’t survive if we didn’t complete our mission. We needed to find a way to unite Avoidables and Perfects. Jason kissed me hard and then trailed his lips down my neck, pulling my hair back roughly so my throat was exposed.
‘We can still hear you. Can you go and get a room?’ Purple called. His tone was tight and I felt heat rush up my neck. Jason laughed and opened the door, taking me outside to the alley.
‘Are you really going to make love to me in the alley?’ I asked as he pressed me against the wall again.
‘Baby, when I make love to you, you consume me so much, I don’t know where I am.’ He breathed into my ear making me shudder. He was right, that’s exactly what happened to me too. ‘Please, Hope, let me take you to that place?’ His breathing was laboured and I could feel my own lungs trying to get more air into them.
‘Yes, please,’ I sighed, forgetting about life and letting Jason take me to a place of bliss.

Chapter Fourteen
‘Who came up with the idea?’ Artie said.
He was sitting in front of the rebel. The man had shaved hair, similar to Artie’s colouring. He was small and had a huge, hooked nose.
‘Why should I tell you anything?’ he drawled, leaning back in his chair. We’d loosened his ties as we questioned him. Purple stood to the side of Artie and I was down on a chair off the stage. 
‘Because we want to help Sandor,’ Artie said.
The man smiled slightly. From down where I was, it looked like a soft expression had come over his face. Maybe he was in love with our flatmate.
‘Tell us your name,’ Purple said as he scratched the stubble on his chin. I’d always thought that stubble suited Purple. It made him even more intimidating. He reminded me of the men I’d read about in history books. They were brutal and rough, but loyal to their family and friends. Not that Purple was so tough; he had the softest heart I knew.
‘My name is Leon,’ the man replied.
‘Thank you for telling us your name. Please tell us who came up with the idea to bomb the compound?’ Artie asked.
 ‘Again, why should I tell you anything? You think that Sandor means anything to me? She was a tool in our rebellion. Did you know that my parents are Perfects? I grew up and they noticed that my nose was big, so they brought me over here and basically dumped me.’
I swallowed hard. This is what happened with most Avoidables. My mother had risked being caught as a Perfect living on Lower Side so that she could be with me. I realised that now. However most of the Perfects were able to dump their children as if they meant nothing to them. This left a huge amount of scarred adults. No wonder we were all so messed up.
‘They didn’t even bother with the test.’
‘Oh woe is you,’ Purple grumbled. He stepped forward and stamped on Leon’s foot with his huge leather boots. Leon sucked in his breath but didn’t make a sound. This man was used to pain. Purple went to do it again, but I jumped up.
‘Wait!’ I called, coming forward and clambering up onto the stage. I always had my new arm out whenever we were in the theatre but the rebel made that difficult. Purple stepped back and looked at me. His eyebrows rose and he shrugged as I came up to them. Artie rubbed a hand over his face.
‘This is why we don’t have females around when we do this, Purple,’ Artie sighed.
‘You think I can control her?’ Purple said.
A thud on the theatre door had us spinning around. Jason was out back and I hoped that he’d stay there. The doors burst open and I panicked. Artie had jumped off the stage but he stopped when we saw his brother walk down the aisle.
‘What are you doing?’ Artie said.
The man stopped when we saw us all. I stepped out from behind Purple.
‘You must be her,’ the man spat, pointing at me.
‘What are you talking about?’ Artie said.
His brother was holding a gun. He lifted it and levelled it at me. I felt my eyes grow wide. Purple stepped in front of me.
‘Move...I will shoot you,’ the man said.
‘Dad, don’t even think about it,’ Jason shouted from behind us. He’d obviously heard his father’s voice.
 ‘No, it should be you that I shoot!’ The gun swung to aim at his son.
‘What is your problem, John?’ Artie said, stepping towards the man.
‘My problem is that my son, who is engaged to one of the highest government official’s daughter, has been seen fooling around with an Avoidable with one arm.’
I gasped and heard Purple suck in his breath. He was still standing in front of me. We both looked over at Jason. He wouldn’t look at us, his eyes stayed focused on his father.
‘We need to leave,’ he said.
‘That’s why I’m here,’ John replied, lowering the gun. Jason walked past Artie. I noticed him squeeze his shoulder as he went. Purple reached back and held my hand in his. I went to step forward but he squeezed my hand tight. I watched as Jason jumped off the stage and joined his father.
‘Sorry, Artie, but I had to get my son out of here,’ the man nodded and turned. They both started to walk away and I had to physically bite my lip to stop myself crying out for him. This was the way it had to be. We’d signed up for this and if I loved him, I’d have to let him go.
‘John, you may be a Perfect, but one day you’ll see, that no one is perfect, including you.’ Artie’s tone was bitter. I was surprised that he’d said what he did. Usually Avoidables were punished for insulting Perfects.
‘Don’t you think I know that, brother?’ John hissed, stopping dead still but not turning around.
‘Funny way of showing it, brother,’ Artie spat the last word and spun on his heel. He jumped back onto the stage and went out the back. Jason and his father, John, carried on down the aisle and out the theatre doors.
‘You okay?’ Purple turned to me and I nodded. I couldn’t trust myself to speak.
‘Well, that was a great show. You consort with Perfects and expect me to tell you about Sandor. Her death will be on your hands and you won’t even care.’ Leon’s sneer was like a kick in my gut. He was right. It certainly looked like we were working with them. I had to get out of here. I squeezed Purple’s hand and then pulled away.
‘Hope…’ he started.
‘I just need a moment,’ I whispered, jumping off the stage, running down the aisle and out into the sunlight. The guard car was driving away and I fought the urge to run after it. Instead I turned and started walking to a place I’d not been for many years.
My mother and I had lived in this high-rise building for ten years. I stood and stared at it now. There had been no test for me. The minute I was born with just one arm my mother escaped to the Lower Side.
‘I’ve not seen you around here for a while,’ a voice said behind me. I turned to see a woman about my age standing in the shadows of the alley next to the building. The buildings were grey and made from cheap metal and concrete. I squinted at the woman as she stepped forward.
‘Don’t you recognise me?’ she asked, laughing.
I knew that laugh. I’d not heard it since the day my mother had…
‘You’re looking good, Hope, you’ve aged well.’
This girl had been our next door neighbour. We’d played together in the hallways between the flats. She’d laughed a lot when we were young and I’d always found it infectious. Her long blonde hair was braided although matted in places. Her blue eyes were haunted and her figure was very skinny.
‘Layla?’
She nodded and smiled at me, revealing bright white teeth. I was surprised by how clean they were considering the rest of her.
‘It’s been a while,’ I said, stepping towards her.
‘You broke your arm,’ she said. That smile was still hovering on her lips. I wondered if she was stable.
‘Yes, I was…’ I let my words trail off as a beast of a man came out of the shadows behind her. He had dirty blonde hair that fell down his back in one thick braid.  Dirt was smudged on his fair skin and stubble grazed his chin. His blue eyes were striking. The corner of his lip lifted in a sexy grin as his gaze met mine. Layla glanced behind her and let that lovely laugh bubble out of her again.
‘Don’t worry about him, that’s just Noland,’ she said, threading her arm through his. He wore the same style clothes as Purple. My gaze trailed his chest, travelling over the contours of the muscles showing through his t-shirt. I looked him up and down. When our gaze met again I felt heat rush onto my cheeks. I’d just openly appraised his body looking for what made him an Avoidable, giving him the impression that I was attracted to him. To be honest, if he was to have a wash, he’d easily get away with being a Perfect.
‘What are you looking for exactly?’ he purred, taking his arm away from Layla. His voice was the deepest I’d ever heard. It sent vibrations down my spine and I felt myself swallowing. He was pure male and I couldn’t tear my gaze away. He was no longer smiling. He was assessing me the same way I was him.
‘Nothing,’ I replied, lifting my chin slightly and looking straight into his eyes.
That quirk lifted the corner of his lip again and I struggled to stare him down.
‘Hope used to live here,’ Layla said, smiling up at Noland. He didn’t pull his gaze away from mine to look at her. In fact he’d ignored her the whole time. I felt a twinge for the girl. She was attractive. A birthmark marred one half of her body. It curled up her neck and finished in a point over her jaw. I remember finding it quite fascinating when we’d been kids. It seemed to have a certain pattern to it.
‘And where do you live now?’ That drawl had me shivering again. I blinked and ripped my gaze away from him.
‘Not far. I’ve got to go, Layla, it was good seeing you again,’ I said, smiling at my old friend and turning to go.
‘Hope,’ Noland called, ‘tell Artie that I’m back and want to help.’
I swung my head towards him and saw his full smile. He’d caught me off guard and he knew it. Nodding I turned and walked away from the most handsome man I ever seen. The funny thing was, he was an Avoidable.
Chapter Fifteen

‘Who’s Noland?’ I asked Purple. He was sitting on a patch of dirty ground outside the theatre, resting against the brick wall. The building was one of the only ones made from bricks. 
‘One of Artie’s old warriors,’ he replied, keeping his eyes closed.
‘Well, he’s back,’ I said, falling to the ground next to him and adopting his pose. The sun was warm on my face as I felt the tension drain away from me.
‘What?’
I heard Purple’s head move. He grabbed my cast and I yelped in pain.
‘Sorry, but he’s been gone a while. We didn’t think he’d be back.’ Purple’s tone had me opening my eyes and looking at him. He ran a hand through his loose hair and glanced at me sideways.
‘That’ll be why you have such a dreamy look in your eye.’
I laughed and he joined in. There was no denying it. I was attracted to the hulking warrior with dirty blonde hair, pale skin and a voice deep enough to drill a hole into my heart.
‘He’s no Jason, that’s for certain,’ I replied, feeling guilty at the bitter tone in my voice.
‘No, he’s much worse than Jason. Don’t even think about getting involved,’ he said, taking my hand gently and leaning his head back against the wall.
‘Don’t you have some work to do?’ Artie’s voice floated over to us from the open doorway of the theatre.
‘Okay, okay,’ Purple said, standing.
I got up and pushed my straggly hair back out of my eyes. I felt my mouth screw up as I encountered my greasy locks.
‘And you met Noland looking like that?’ Purple smirked. I couldn’t even punch him. My casted arm was still sore, but it was feeling better as the hours went by. I wondered if being an angel meant I healed quicker. I glanced at Artie and saw that he’d frozen. He was staring at Purple.
‘I saw him, Artie, he told me to tell you he was back and wanted to help.’
Artie nodded once and went inside.
‘What is it with everyone knowing everyone else and me not knowing anyone?’ I asked.
Purple raised his eyebrows at me. ‘If you’d stopped sneaking off with lover boy for the last couple of months, you’d be more focused on what’s going on. You’ve completely missed the bigger picture.’ Purple almost spat the words at me.
I frowned at his sudden change in mood. ‘Well, why don’t you enlighten me? You’re supposed to be my boss.’
We stood in the street. The sun was sinking and Avoidables were going home after a day of trying to make their life better. Some of the jobs they had were making products, teaching or just dragging up their children.
‘You’re supposed to be the enlightened one, angel,’ he whispered.
‘What’s your problem?’
Purple had gone from warm to cold in the space of a few minutes.
‘Nothing, Noland is a dangerous warrior. He was good for a long time but then his parents were killed and since then, he’s gone off the rails a bit.’ Purple was looking down at the ground.
‘Why is he an Avoidable?’ I couldn’t help but ask. I’d not been able to see any mar of imperfection on him.
‘Because his parents were Avoidables. He was born here, but has nothing wrong with him. In fact, one Perfect female government official tried to get him to go over to their side. He refused. He’s always seen himself as one of us. He’s the perfect advocate for us really. A man that’s not only handsome; but has a soul and is conscious too. Unfortunately, that consciousness has been a little absent recently.’
‘Where has he been?’ I had to know about this man.
‘After he’d got a bit trigger happy at one of the Perfect’s summer events, Artie sent him on a mission. He was to go and check all of the rebel camps over the wilderness. It should have taken him years to do, but he’s only been gone nine months. He’s not stupid. In fact, that’s half the problem. He knows Artie was trying to get rid of him.’ Purple looked at me and shook his head.
‘Will Artie let him help?’ I asked, hoping that he would.
‘I doubt it, Hope, Noland killed Artie’s parents.’
Chapter Sixteen
‘Stay back,’ Purple whispered.
‘Let’s just get this over and done with, shall we?’ I said, running around him and sprinting through the centre of the high street. We were on the Upper Side and I was fed up of being treated like a child. I knew nothing about what was going on and it was time I found out. I needed answers and I was going to get them tonight.
We didn’t say anything as our boots hit the concrete. The compound wall was at the end of the street. It was the middle of the night and the Perfects were all tucked up in their beds. As I got nearer, I pushed out my wings. I didn’t want to fly far, but I needed to get over the wall. Purple drew level with me and we both jumped at the same time. We soared over and landed in a crouch on the other side. There was grass below our feet and I took a moment to pull my wings in. I kneeled on the floor and sniffed. We didn’t have grass in the Lower Side and I loved the feeling of running my fingers through it.
‘Come on,’ Purple hissed, grabbing my waist and pulling me up. He never did understand my fascination with nature. I left my good arm out. I was going to need it to escape if we were seen. I followed Purple through the gardens. Up ahead, I could see various concrete buildings. I knew cameras would be everywhere.
‘Pull your sleeve down,’ Purple stopped me behind a tree. I brushed my hand over its rough bark. I pulled my black jacket sleeve down over my cast. The white of it would attract the cameras.
‘Remember what I said. His bedroom is over there.’ Purple pointed to the nearest building. The windows were big. They were gorgeous and I couldn’t wait to get a closer look inside the luxury bedrooms. I nodded at him and we started forward. We crept slowly, our boots silent on the grass. I gasped when I kicked something and it made a crunching noise. Purple looked back at me, but it was too dark to see his face. I’d stepped on a snail. We stayed still for a moment, listening for sounds. There were none. We started to walk again. I could see the bedroom window we were heading to. It was in darkness. We heard a little buzz and stopped.
‘Camera,’ Purple breathed. I only just heard him and looked around to find it. Artie had given us the layout of the compound. It surprised me that he’d never used it to his advantage before. Then I remembered that I actually knew nothing about all this. I felt a growl leap out of my throat. 
‘What?’ Purple whispered.
‘Nothing, the camera is on the corner of the building to the left. We’re going to have to make a run for it as it swings away.’ I tried not to make too much noise as I spoke.
‘Okay, it’s swinging away now, let’s go.’
I didn’t realise he was going to go that quickly and I almost tripped over myself. Luckily, I just about managed to stay on my feet and we ran silently over the grass, onto the concrete and onto his outside patio. His windows were French apparently. That’s what Purple had told me. We pressed our backs against the wall on either side of the doors. They were white, with glass in them. There were two that opened from the middle and out. We didn’t have glass on the Lower Side. It was too dangerous. Everything was made from plastic. I wanted to touch the glass, but Purple saw me reach out and grabbed my hand. I looked over at him and could just make out his frustrated glare. We waited until the camera had swung again and then Purple tried the handle of the door. It came open and we paused. This was too easy.
‘You can come in,’ a voice from inside said. I recognised William’s tone and felt relief as we walked in. It seemed ages since we’d seen the angel from the Perfect government.
‘How did you know?’ Purple said once the door was closed behind me. I stared around the room. There was a huge soft looking bed with a red duvet cover. The curtains were long and thick. A massive television was on the wall and there was a dressing table below that. William was sitting in an armchair in the corner.
‘My good friend, Artie, managed to get a message to me,’ he replied, gesturing for us to sit. There was another chair near him and Purple took it. I went over to the bed and let the softness of it envelop me as I leaned back against it.
‘Hope,’ Purple snapped. I stood up and came over, where I sat on the arm of the chair and smiled at William. I couldn’t help it. His charm was just as strong as ever.
‘What can I do for you?’ he asked, looking directly at me.
‘I wanted to come and talk to you, William. Purple is only here because he didn’t trust me. He always thinks I’m going to get caught.’
‘That’s because you always do,’ Purple butt in.
‘No, I don’t.’
‘Yes, you do. Who had to rescue you when Jason got you caught?’
‘I could’ve got out of…’
William cleared his throat and we both hung our heads. It had been a while since Purple and I had bickered. It felt good to almost be back to how we’d been before Jason.
‘Sorry, Will. I need to know more. Everyone seems to know everyone else and what’s going on, but I’m clueless.’ I sounded whiny and I hated that.
William sat forward and grinned at me. His flirtatious charm melted away and his angel personality came through. I could see the light shining in his eyes. Purple could see it too. He was staring at him. 
‘I’ve been waiting for this day. You see, Jason and I have been working together since he found you. Being human is a completely different experience from being at home. It’s a lot harder and we have to fight all sorts of emotions. You both still have huge amounts of growth to go through.’ 
I nodded at him, waiting for him to tell me everything. 
‘The thing is, Hope, you’re not supposed to know it all yet. You’ve got to find out for yourself, otherwise you won’t grow. If I tell you the plan, it won’t help the mission. In fact, it may even hinder it,’ he said, sitting back in the chair.
I blinked a few times and frowned.
‘Okay, then tell me about the connections then. Artie and my mother. Jason and Artie. What’s going on there?’
A kind smile landed on his lips and he glanced at Purple. I looked over at my friend and saw him shake his head. They were treating me like a child.
‘Don’t you see, Hope, this is the plan? Do you think these connections are all just coincidences? Nothing is ever a coincidence, but a planned synchronicity. Everything happens for a reason.’ He shrugged and started to get to his feet.
‘Wait!’
William froze and sat back down.
‘You’re not going to tell me anything? What about me? What can I do to find out about it all?’ I felt a hot surge rush through me. Why was he being such hard work? Why did everyone seem to know everything, but I was always left in the dark?
‘Have you asked anyone?’ William said quietly, ‘It’s not my story to tell but maybe the people you are talking about will tell you if you just ask them.’
I went still. His words hit me like an arrow into the centre of my eyebrows. Purple laughed and I looked at him. William was smiling. I’d been so caught up in everything that was going on, I’d not even thought about directly asking the people involved. I shook my head and got up to leave. William wasn’t going to give me anything more and I needed to sleep.
‘Will we be seeing you soon?’ I asked, standing with my hands on my hips. 
‘Yes, Artie will tell you when you’re needed for the trial. It will be in a few days.’ William stood and offered his hand. I took it and he pulled me into his arms. The hug was warm and I felt a vibration soar through me. I relaxed against him as a soft feeling enveloped my whole being. This was what a true angel felt like.
‘You’re a true angel too. You’re just not there yet,’ William whispered in my ear. I smiled. He had the same ability as Purple had. It was really annoying, but I couldn’t get angry. 
‘Thank you,’ I whispered back before stepping out of his embrace and following Purple out of the door.

Chapter Seventeen

How I’d ended up in the cave, I wasn’t sure. I was panting and could feel the sweat on my body. It was dark and damp and I was crouching in a low cave. I could feel earth under my hand as I lifted my arm from the ground. I’d woken up to find I was somewhere strange. My breathing started to pull in and out of me. I’d gone to sleep at the theatre as normal last night. Now I was here. I couldn’t see anything. I reached up and felt rock above my head. I felt around me and encountered the same texture. In front of me was a tiny spot of light. I pressed forward and felt the rock move gently. 
‘Ah, she must be awake,’ came a very deep voice from outside. I recognised that sexy voice. It was Noland, the man who had worked for Artie. The rock shifted and I blinked as the light hit me. A big hand grabbed my cast and pulled me out of the hole. 
‘Ouch! What are you doing?’ I cried as I was plonked on the floor. My hair flung forward as I landed on my butt. 
‘She’s quite attractive if you ignore the lack of an arm,’ another voice said. I looked up to see the rebel, Leon, looking down at me.
‘You…’ I started, but he cut me off by bending down and putting his hand over my mouth. 
‘Don’t say anything, lovely,’ he whispered against my ear. I cringed as his hot breath hit my skin.
‘Leave her alone,’ Noland said, grabbing hold of Leon’s arm and pulling him away. He crouched down in front of me. His blue eyes were actually almost grey as he assessed me. He was looking straight through me or maybe it was straight into me. His facial hair was a bit longer than was normally acceptable for me to like but somehow, with his long plaited braid and the sides of his head shaved, he looked all man. The way he looked at me. I wiped my palms on my trousers and cleared my throat. Our eyes were locked and although I wanted to look away, I couldn’t. 
‘Noland is a Viking warrior, Hope, have you ever met one before? They’re from ancient times and there are only a few descendants left. He has the ability to look into your soul and see your truth,’ Leon said.
I tore my eyes away from Noland. It may have been too late, but I didn’t want him to see my truth. I didn’t even know my own truth yet. A rough callused hand grabbed my chin and he pulled my face back to look at him. He was frowning.
‘Don’t like what you see?’ I sneered, looking everywhere but into his eyes. He laughed and let me go, standing to tower over me.
‘Get up,’ Leon said. I looked around and saw that we were out in the wilderness. The hole I’d been in was at the base of a mountain. I could see Lower Side in the distance. We had to be at one of the rebel camps.
‘How did you get me here?’
‘I escaped and then injected you.’ He started to walk away, holding up his hand and waving for me to follow. I glanced at Noland. His face was now clear.
‘What about the others?’ I followed him and Noland followed me. I could feel his presence right behind me. If I stopped he would walk straight into my back. The thought was tempting for a moment. I shook my head and focused on my surroundings. The ground was dirty and desert like. We were walking around the base of the red mountain.
‘They’re fine. I left them alone,’ Leon called, not looking back.
‘Why did you take me then?’ My whole body was leaking sweat and I had to swallow a few times. What did they want from me? I felt my back start to vibrate but was able to stop my wings from popping out. I had no idea what they’d do if they saw my wings. 
‘Because you’re a good bargaining tool. I saw the way that Perfect and the dragon defended you.’
‘Purple?’ Noland said from behind me.
‘Yes,’ Leon answered throwing a glare over his shoulder towards his partner in crime.
We came around the corner and I saw a small gap in the red mountain rock. We walked through it and came into a big clearing. The mountain rose above us, but stopped quite low on one side so plenty of light could get in. There were makeshift tents littered about. There were about ten little camps and then a big space in the centre where people could sit on the ground. A huge fire was unlit in the middle. Wooden benches were spread out around the fire.
‘That’s where we all gather to talk and sing. The bathroom is over there,’ Leon said pointing to another gap in the rock. It led into a cave and as we watched a woman came out. She had wet hair and a smile on her face.
‘Everyone works together here. We cook on our own fires, but sometimes we have huge feasts.’
‘Where do you get the food?’ I asked as we stood and watched the hundred or so people going about their day. Some of them glanced over and waved at Leon. I looked at him when he didn’t answer and he was watching me. He smiled slightly and tapped his nose. Of course, why would he tell me?
‘You can sleep in my tent if you like,’ Noland whispered into my ear. This time the breath that hit my sensitive lobe made me shiver. It felt good.
‘Don’t be silly, she’ll have her own tent and a guard,’ Leon replied, walking off again. I started after him, fascinated by the way the rebels lived. There were washing lines drying clothes pinned from one corner of a tent to another. I knew the Lower Side lacked all the luxuries of the Upper Side, but they truly lived like cavemen here.
‘Hope, have you ever seen this many Avoidables live so peacefully side by side?’ Leon led us to the centre of the camp and gestured for me to sit. I was so fascinated by my surroundings that the thought of escaping hadn’t even crossed my mind. I looked around me again and noticed everyone here was an Avoidable. Some people had missing limbs; some had scars and skin trouble. Some were out of proportion and some even looked normal.
‘No, I haven’t,’ I admitted as I saw how everyone was helping one another. Not one Avoidable that I could see was looking defensive or aggressive.
‘This is how it should be, but there is one thing missing.’ Leon sat next to me and looked into my eyes. I could sense the passion he felt for his cause.
‘Perfects,’ I said. Maybe we had more in common than I first thought. 
‘Yes, we need to be treated as equal.’ Leon grabbed my hand and squeezed. Something in his gaze told me that he knew something about me. I thought back to the scene in the theatre when Jason’s dad had come and threatened me. Instead of sticking up for me and hanging around, Jason had dragged his dad out of there. I knew that it was his way of protecting me, but I felt a lump come into my throat. This man understood me.
‘Why did you bomb the compound?’ It totally went against what he was preaching.
‘It got the reaction I hoped for. I’d heard some whispers that the government had some good guys on their team and so planned to push them into negotiation. This worked even better.’ Leon stood up as a cross breed, who I didn’t recognise, came over to us. He looked normal apart from some thin see-through wings on his back which looked like insect wings.
‘He is a fly breed, but we have no idea what kind or how,’ Noland whispered into my ear. 
I heard laughter and turned to see a bunch of kids with the same type of wings staring at me. They ranged from about three to ten and each one of them was smiling. I couldn’t help but smile back. Children on the Lower Side were kept indoors as much as possible to keep them out of danger. They all squealed and ran off, playing with each other as they went. It was so good to see them being so carefree.
‘They breed a lot,’ Noland whispered again, chuckling in my ear. I turned to him and looked into those blue/grey eyes. He had that half grin, where one corner of his lip went into his cheek. He looked away from me. His eyes were heavy lidded but watchful. That’s why they were so attractive. He saw right through you, yet looked uninterested at the same time. He was watchful as Leon and the winged man spoke.
‘Like what you see?’ he said quietly as Leon said goodbye to the man and he walked away. I swallowed and shook my head. Noland stood and laughed out loud.
‘Noland, we need to…’ Leon started.
‘Noland,’ a woman called. He turned and looked over at her. She had long blonde hair down to her waist and a long dress down to her feet. I realised that it was Layla. She exuded femininity and I looked down at my plain masculine trousers and top. They were black as usual. When I looked at everyone’s clothes I noticed how they all wore lighter colours. Khaki, cream and orange. Noland walked off towards her, leaving me with Leon.
‘That man will never change,’ he sighed, sitting next to me. ‘This is home, Hope, just for a while.’
He almost looked apologetic when I glanced at him.
‘You’ve got to let me go, I’m going to be a witness at Sandor’s trial.’
‘I know you are, but I want some terms of my own listened to first. You kidnapped me, now I’m returning the favour. Artie underestimated me. The funny thing is, we’re all on the same side. We all want to live in harmony with the Perfects, but Artie doesn’t do enough to try and make it happen.’ Leon stood and held out his hand to help me up. I ignored it and stood myself. It wasn’t like I could stretch out my casted arm anyway.
‘You think killing them is going to make them want to live side by side with you?’ I couldn’t help the tone I used. Some people were so…
‘Leon, I need to talk to you,’ Noland said rushing back. Leon nodded and turned. He gestured to the fly man that stood nearby.
‘Watch her for a minute,’ he ordered. The man nodded and came to stand next to me. ‘Hope, in answer to your question, we only did it to get their attention. We never actually meant to kill anyone. Sandor promised…’ His words were cut short when Noland grabbed his arm and pulled him away. They stood off to one side of the fire. Noland was calm and collected, while Leon was gesticulating madly.
‘He’s a good leader,’ the fly man guarding me said.
‘He’s the leader of you all?’ I could see the sunlight glistening against his wings. Rainbows bounced from them.
‘Yes, of course. He has been since we became rebels ten years ago.’
Wow, Leon was not what I expected at all. This was not the same man we had captured and tried to interrogate.
‘How did he become leader?’ I asked.
‘He declared that we didn’t deserve to be treated so unfairly. We agreed and followed him out of Lower Side.’ He shrugged.
‘And Noland? I heard he killed Artie’s parents,’ I asked, looking over at the pair as they spoke.
‘It was an accident, he didn’t mean to.’
‘How can you not mean to?’ I looked at the man and watched his wings flick a few times.
‘He was on a mission for Artie. He’d been his best warrior up until then. Artie had asked him to investigate a rebel bomb but Noland wasn’t able to disconnect it in time and it went off. Artie’s parents were in the building. Noland managed to get some people out first, but not them.’
Artie blamed Noland for the bomb going off? That didn’t exactly seem fair considering Noland was trying to save them all. I looked at Noland and his gaze met mine. That half grin was thrown back at me before he’d turned back to Leon.
‘Hardly seems fair,’ I muttered. I didn’t want to be disloyal to Artie but I was struggling with the secrets he kept from me about my mother.
‘Hope,’ Leon called before my companion could respond, ‘I want to show you where you’ll be sleeping. Follow me.’
Chapter Eighteen

Three days went by and I slowly got used to how they lived in the wilderness. Everyone was extremely friendly. It was an unusual feeling. I was greeted by everyone when Noland or Leon walked me through the camp. They’d not tied me up, but they had put a guard outside my tent. 
‘I need to bathe,’ I said quietly to Leon when he came to get me on the third evening for dinner. He sighed and looked around us. Lots of people were gathering in the centre of the village.
‘Okay, after dinner Noland will take you,’ he said, gesturing for me to sit on the wooden bench. I swallowed hard. I’d tried to avoid being around Noland. For some reason, I felt that he was the only one who might be able to tell what I was.
‘Here,’ Noland’s deep voice had me looking up into amused grey eyes. He’d been standing right beside us. He was holding out a bowl of soup and a chunk of bread. I was amazed by how much food they had here. I took it and smiled my thanks. I really wanted to feel clean, so I ignored the trembling in my hand.
‘Hope, we need to talk,’ Leon said. He had taken the other bowl that Noland had offered and was staring straight ahead. The sun had got low and was no longer shining into the camp.
‘Are you letting me go?’ I looked at him, but he wouldn’t make eye contact. He shook his head as he chewed on a piece of bread. The soup was hot. It was vegetable. I’d not seen any vegetables anywhere and was curious where they got them from. We couldn’t grow anything on the Lower Side and the wilderness didn’t exactly look like it could grow any crops either. I’d seen the pictures in books of flourishing fields and gorgeous fruit trees. The Perfects must have a secret place to grow. I’d been told that they had an abundance of fresh food on the Upper Side.
‘I’m sorry, no. I’ve been talking to my team and we’ve decided to send a ransom note to the government.’
My jaw dropped open. Luckily, I’d finished my food. The winged kids ran around us for a moment, their laughter sinking into me.
‘I thought you said that you were trying to make peace?’
I couldn’t see that the government would be bothered with paying a ransom for me. I wasn’t that important to them.
‘Peace making is a strategy. I know you’ve worked for Artie for a while so you know the deal. We can’t go quietly to the Perfects and expect them to just accept us and treat us fairly. They’re the ones who created Lower Side and the divide between us in the first place. A long time ago, there was no such thing. We all lived together without judgement. We need to play this game.’ Leon glanced at me and I could see the hardness in his eyes. Not hardness of uncaring, but determination to do this right.
‘So where do I come in?’ I asked.
‘I want to ransom you for an extra seat on Sandor’s trial,’ he said, handing his bowl to a woman who I’d been told was his sister. She smiled at me as she took my bowl. I tried to smile back but my arm was vibrating. I concentrated on keeping my wings in my back and my good arm in my shoulder. No one had stared at me here. My lack of arm was quite normal to them.
‘Are you okay?’ Noland whispered next to me. He’d sat down as I’d been concentrating on keeping my wings in. I nodded. 
‘Who will be the extra person on the jury?’ I already knew the answer.
‘Me, of course,’ Leon said, standing and brushing crumbs from his trousers, ‘Noland, please could you take Hope to the bathing room. No one else must be in there. Sorry, Hope, that’s as much privacy as I can give you. Noland will not look at you.’ He glared at his friend as he said the last sentence. Great, I was going to have to clean myself with the most gorgeous looking man in the entire village standing nearby. I stood as my guard did and followed him through the tents. People were beginning to wind down for the day. Some sat around their fires, eating. Some were playing instruments and others were lying back looking up at the newly appearing stars.
‘Wait!’ a female voice called from behind. I turned to see Leon’s sister coming after us. She had a bundle of cloth in her hands. ‘Here is a towel to dry yourself and some clean clothes. I’m sorry I can’t come with you. Leon doesn’t trust that I’d be able to keep you here.’
She was very sweet as she said goodbye and walked away. I followed Noland to the gap in the mountain wall. He ducked through but before I could think about turning and running off, his hand came through the gap, grabbed my cast and pulled me inside. There were candles littered everywhere. They were in the groves of the rocky walls. They were on the floor and in the ceiling. They made dancing patterns on the water below. There was a little area to the side where people probably got changed. In the centre of the cave, there was big pool of steaming water. It was clean and looked more inviting than anything I’d ever seen.
‘It’s a natural hot spring. Go ahead,’ Noland said. His deep voice was near my ear and I jumped away from him. An image of my old friend Layla came into my mind.
‘Does Layla know that you’re a flirt?’ I asked, stepping away from him and raising my eyebrows. He took the bundle from me, unwrapped it and laid the towel on the side of the pool. He shot me a grin and turned away to face the wall. I spun away from him and tugged my clothes off. It was harder with my arm in the cast, but I wasn’t missing this opportunity. The water looked inviting and at that point I wouldn’t have cared if Noland saw me naked. I hurried into the water and ducked down. I had to hold my arm above my head so the cast didn’t get wet.
‘Wow, this is so nice,’ I said, sighing. A splash had me turning around and gasping. Noland was walking into the pool and he was completely naked. His bare chest was ridged and glistening in the candle-light. His hips were sharp and toned and led to a place where I did not need to look. I spun away from him and made my way to the furthest part of the pool.
‘I’m not sure this is what Leon meant,’ I stuttered, turning when I felt he would be safely under water. He was inches away from me. I felt the warmth of the water start to travel up every part of my body as his grey eyes, shadowed in the candlelight, tried to make eye contact with me.
‘Stop it!’ I pushed some water at him and he laughed. It was a deep vibration that travelled up my spine. I couldn’t help but shiver. He stopped moving towards me and bowed his head.
‘Sorry, it’s a habit. How long do you have to have the cast on for?’ He stayed where he was. It was far away enough for me to not be able to see him in the dark water. I wasn’t ashamed of my body or worried about seeing his, but images of Jason kept coming to me. I swallowed and ducked underwater. When I came back up, he was very slightly nearer to me.
‘Not long, it was only a minor break. I think you’re clean enough now,’ I whispered. He was moving towards me slowly and there was nothing I could do. He reached forward, pushed his fingers into my hair and cupped the back of my head. I couldn’t do a thing as his grey eyes and red lips came towards me.

AVOIDABLES 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 is out now! PTO.
Avoidables 2, 3 and 4 is Here!
Grab Purple, Jason and Gina’s stories from all platforms now.

‘I like Layla, the blonde,’ he said, raising his eyebrows in challenge as I looked at him again. ‘Are you a betting man?’
I shook my head and looked at Layla. She looked easy going and fun. The type of woman who was ideal for me. Then my gaze found Alia. She was womanly and intense. Something I couldn’t handle. – Purple’s War


    

Dear Reader, 

Thank you for reading Avoidables. Hope comes from a place where people are discriminated against for the way they look. Much like our world today. When I started this series, I never realised how much it would teach me.

If you enjoyed this, or even if you didn’t, please let others know by leaving a review.

Rachel Medhurst

Sign up to my mailing list to keep in touch.
Website: www.rachelmedhurst.com

Have You Ever Wondered What Happens When You Die?
They’re called Deadliners, they’re spirits and they play fate with human lives.

Out Now!


Copyright
Copyright © 2014 by Rachel Medhurst
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Author
Rachel Medhurst wants to bring hope, excitement and feeling through her work. An avid reader herself, she loves to get lost in a book. Writing is Rachel's passion. To keep up to date on new releases please check out her website.

www.rachelmedhurst.com

