The Saga [End of the Beginning]
Bradley Nathan
Copyright Bradley Nathan 2014
Published at Smashwords

Prologue
Hello there, whom I am is not important, yet, but what is important is what I’m about to tell you. As a human, your understanding of forever just is infinite. While it is not, that is not important. You see I am about to die, and I need this message recorded. The events that lead to my death, I will tell you now, and who should come after me.
I guess I should start from the beginning, or should I say, the End of the Beginning. It started out with a thing. This thing is neither man nor woman, nor is it human. Humans would call it a him so to make you better understand I will refer to it as him.

Daravitch is his name. Since his skin is that of the sun, he wears protective armor made of metal only found on his home planet. He is on a mission, and he is not alone. He runs an organization called The Covenant. This covenant is few races, but that’s not important, what is important is that Daravitch is their leader.
Nyco comes from the planet of chip world, nature fills their planet, and they can control the environment itself. Lifting boulders out of the ground, and growing crops in seconds, these chips live a peaceful lifestyle. Not all is well though.
The Chips and Covenant found a race of people. They were un-advanced, but Nyco sought the opportunity to study them. Therefore, it began, and for 2,000 years, the chips watched this race. They observed as the race killed each other, cheated, lied, fought wars against each other, and other awful things. Nyco was disgusted and left the project. They left the people alone for 2013 more years.
These people call themselves, humans, and yes, this is the story of your world I am talking about. Your people are pathetic and inhumane, to make a pun. I won’t judge you though, one very good thing came from Earth, but we will get to that.
In the year 2013, a country called The United States, later known as the American Empire, went on a binge to conquer the world. They accomplished their goal, however, one other country, the Asian empire, which consisted of all Asian countries in Asia, was not easily taken. This angered the leader of the American Empire, Corith. It seemed everything was going to fall back into its rightful place when Corith died and America was restored. Although that would never happen, but we will get to that.
After the cure came Daravitch and Nyco saw a problem, they had to find a way to contain the humans, this is where our story beginnings, the first event of The Saga.
Daravitch
About a few clicks away from their moon, ‘Luna’, was where I was located at the time. It was very chaotic on the ship, people running all over the place. Getting into position… I was on the main bridge, admits all the chaos, I stopped and looked at Luna out the window. It is so amazing how such a wonderful place was wasted on a pitiful species… Nevertheless, I walked towards my office. I stepped inside the room with a huge control panel going from one wall to another. I looked out the big window that takes up the back wall, through it is Earth. I walked towards the big panel and just stood there and after a few moments a call from the panel. 
“The power is engaging, ready when you give the word Sir,” Said the voice from the panel. 
I immediately flipped a few switches on the panel and then spoke into the panel, 
“I have activated my part, engage when the other stations are ready.” I looked forward. 
Then it came, a big red beam going towards Earth. I then watch as it stops half way and starts to grow, going around the planet. When the shield covers it completely I pull the switches again, this time in the opposite direction, the ship no longer feeds the shield, and the shield covers the planet. 
The voice says, “Okay, mission complete, and sir Daravitch?” I respond, “Yes?” 
It responds, “Nyco is requesting for you to come into Chip world immediately.” I then respond, “Will do, set course.” 
I watch as the planet slowly goes away from my reach. I see the big red shield around the big blue planet. “Good riddance!” I yell at the glass. The planet is then gone, we hit top speed and left. Another problem… resolved…


Chapter 1: Jacob
I was in a room, which was filled with a lot of stuff that included brimming test tubes, beakers, and other assorted materials. I was staring at a glass beaker with a green liquid in it. ‘The Cure’ they call it. It is really a way to get Corith infinite rule. I was so focused on that one beaker, one thing that would change it all, that I did not hear someone walk in! 
“So are you ever going to tell us how you figured it out?” Dorian said. Without turning my eyes from the beaker I responded, “I don’t like telling long stories.” 
This is funny because at one time I did it, once when I was a kid, all I cared about was public speaking and leadership. Nothing else mattered to me. I even hated science… sorry to say with a passion. “Well sometimes we are forced to keep moving forward.” He said. He is so keen for someone who makes weapons of mass destruction… for a living and for pleasure. I don’t understand how someone could go to work in a suit every day, destroy things, and kill people. It makes him sound like a hit man. I then turned to Dorian; he was not wearing a suit though. Instead, he was wearing blue jeans, a green T-shirt, and a red bandana. I looked at him keenly and said 
“I know you didn’t just come here to ask me about the serum, ask a few stupid questions, give poor advice, and then just leave. So what do you want?” He then smiled, but not his usual smile; it was more as a "Jacob, don’t quit your day job," kind of smile, or ‘smirk’ as I would call it. 
“I am here to tell you that Corith is summoning us to the arena.” He asserted. I then looked back at the beaker. One container of green liquid will change the world. Amazingly… I look back at Dorian, 
“Let’s get going then.” I state as I put a pair of black leather gloves on. He nods and reaches under the table and pulls out a glass box with small holes on the sides. I pick up the beaker and place it carefully in the box. We then nod and carry the box together carefully outside. 
Ah, It Hurts! The sun, it is too bright. Maybe I should get out more… Anyhow, there was a limo, parked, waiting by the curb. Therefore, after a short walk from my laboratory to the curb we make it. By now, my eyes have adjusted. The trunk then pops open and we set it in carefully. Dorian then slams it shut. He brushes his hands off, looks at me, and says, “You can take your gloves off now.” I look at him, as well as my hands, and then the tire of the limo. “They look cool…” I say. He then giggles a little and comments,” Okay, whatever, ready to go?” I respond swiftly, “Yah...” The man standing by one of the doors nods and opens the door. I walk over, nod to the man in a thanking manner, and get in. While still looking towards the ground I say to Dorian, “Are the rest coming?” Instead, I then hear a cough. 
I look up and there they are; Sasha, CC, and Michael, sitting in that order, right in front of me. The weird thing is that CC and Sasha are in dresses, Michael and I are in suits, but Dorian isn’t. I then hear Dorian to my right sit down, close the door, and say, “Yah, they are coming.” I look at him with a smirk on my face, for sarcasm is known among Dorian. I then turn back to the others, “So how are you guys?” CC then snaps back, “Jacob some of us are girls, you know that right?” Sasha then butts in, “Yah!” I then say, “Whatever… how are you humans doing?” Michael then says, “Wining…” Sasha then butts in again, “Is everything always about war Michael!” Michael then looks over at Sasha smiles and nods. It figures those two are fighting again. Sasha is diplomatic, where Michael is… well… not diplomatic. Sasha is a believer in world peace, whereas Michael is a believer in world domination. That is just how it is. “Sasha, how can we rule a world through peace?” Michael comments
“You don’t need to rule it.” Sasha defends
“If we don’t, then we will lose everything.”
“You are really stubborn for being Corith’s puppet, you know that right?”
“Oh, so now this is personal?”
“It might as well…”
“Would you two quit it?” I interrupt. Michael then says, “She started the whole thing, you’re talking to the wrong person.” I then scan my eyes back and forth, lean back, open a bottle of wine, pour a glass, and say with the glass in my hand, “I wasn’t talking to only one person Michael.” I then lean back and put my right leg over my left one. The limo we are in is one of Corith’s, and, therefore, from Dorian and me, there is a lot of foot room between the rest and us. This necessitates enough room for my legs not to be in anyone’s way, and I can still sit comfortably. 
“Since when have you drunk wine Jacob?” Dorian says. 
I look over and say, “Since I had to play the role of peacemaker.” 
I then hear, from the front of the limo, a voice call, “We are about to pull into the arena, get ready to exit to the right.” We then feel the car come to a halt, nudging us forward just enough for CC to let out a little grunt! I then watch as Sasha, reaches to open the door to my left. I want to grab her arm real quick, but it is too late. The sound was that of a car flying down the road going one hundred miles an hour and hitting another car just in front of ours. I might be exaggerating, but it was a powerful slam. Sasha looks in horror as the broken glass scatter all over the floor, and in Michaels arm. Michael tried to grab the door before she opened it too, but just like me, it was too late. 
“AH!” Michael yelps. I then watched as Dorian takes off his bandana and covers Michael’s arm. The other door, the one that we were supposed to open, swung open and the driver, an ambulance driver, and Corith were on the outside. I then hear Corith say, “Already spilt blood ay!” I quietly snarled at Corith. “Come on, Michael; let’s go get you patched up.” The Ambulance driver retaliated. We all then came out, and they slowly pulled Michael out. When we got out, I noticed that we were in a parking garage; it is interesting how an ambulance driver happened to be here when this happened. While they put Michael on a stretcher and carried him away, I looked for Sasha. When I found her, she was red faced with tears and standing by the side of the ambulance in her one sleeved red dress. The expression on her face matched that of her dress, red, red, and red. I have never thought of Sasha as beautiful, but right at that moment, she was very. I walk over and stand close. She looks up, with a few tears running down her cheek. She then lays her head slowly against my chest. I reach my arms around her back and embrace her. Her body is warm to the touch. You know, if I were to crash land on a random planet with anyone, I would want it to be her… or Dorian… mostly her… or Dorian… I watch as her head slowly rises. She peers into my eyes and says, 
“I guess my left was his right, huh…” Then I retort, “Yah, I guess…” and I Smile and she smiles too. I then pull away and we just stare at each other. I wonder what she is thinking right now… Her blue eyes peering into mine, clean blond hair, soft skin, and red lips. I could kiss her. 
Then I snap together and look back. They are staring at us. I figure their thoughts that I am making a move or something. The way Dorian stands, arms crossed and what not, makes me sick! “You’re a good friend Jacob…” He says. I feel embarrassed, in my head, of course. 
The ambulance then activates its siren and begins to pull away. Due to my closeness to the metal object, the sound hurts. It was like being by the side of a peaceful river in which the water, flowing perfectly with birds chirping. The smell of fresh pine trees upon your nose… and then Wooohhhh! 
Terrible, astonishingly sound strikes your eardrum. Penetrating it like a meteor striking the Earth, leaving dozens of people dead. Corith then says, “Are you coming Jacob?” I look forward and realize that all of them are ready to leave, heading for the door… to the arena. 
Corith and Dorian are carrying the box. That one glass box is the most important glass box ever. By now, we were at the door. I have a small shoulder rucksack on and of course my black gloves. As we exit the parking structure, I heard the screams and chants from the crowd. Thousands of people gathered here, to see us. As we share our latest discoveries, weapons, economic systems, war strategies, and peace ideas. Unfortunately, for them, Michael will not be here for the war strategies part. It is a good thing Michael and Corith are buddy-buddy. I guess we all wish we could have schmoozed Corith as Michael did. Oh well…!
The arena is a huge open circular configuration. However, there are only seats on the space to the West of the Arena, because in the East is a raised platform to which we stand on. That way we can have something going on in the middle of the Arena, and still be in front of everyone. It is a good set-up. Best engineers around built the magnificent arena. So the six of us… correction, five of us take up the podium. Everyone is cheering and applauding. Corith and Dorian set the glass box on a table and then Corith stepped up to the microphone and taped it slightly…to make sure sound is okay...silence now fills the arena. 
“As you all know, when we have these meetings, it is because we have something to share with the public and sure we have something for all of you.” He says with confidence. 
The crowd then cheers uncontrollably. When everyone calms down, Corith continues, “Well, I was going to save the best for last, but forget that. I would like to call up CC to the stand.” There is applause and Corith steps back, CC takes his place. She then says, 
“First of all, I would like to thank everyone that worked hard and tirelessly to make the truly amazing things that you are all going to witness today. Therefore, I would now like to present my work. It may not be that exciting as the others work, but my best work has already been done. I have created more jobs, tamed inflation, and managed all the new land that is coming in. My latest work I have created is an idea. This idea is one of uniting all the other countries of this world into a simple, yet effective, global economy.” I then see the spark go back in Sasha’s eyes. The aura is back, and she is ready to get to work. I love how she can do that, switch emotions totally around by only one sentence. CC continues, “With no further ado, I would like to introduce the most special girl I know, Sasha!” 
The cheers, the ever heard loud of uproars. I will tell you this Michael, Corith, and Dorian practically took over the world. CC has climbed us out of any economic troubles we have had and I have made numerous cures for numerous diseases, but none of that mounts up to Sasha’s charisma. She has a way with words in which she could get a millionaire to sell their entire estate to good will… true story. Anyways, Sasha stepped up to the stand. 
“My fellow Americans, I need to ask you a question. Will we sit here in a major state of war and do nothing? Why not? Because it is stupid! That’s why! We must act against an enemy.” 
There are whispers throughout the crowd. No one expected Sasha, the diplomatic expert, to say something like this. The others are shocked too. I would too, but Sasha has been at my place for the past month as we practiced in this together. Therefore, I already knew that Romeo would commit suicide. 
She continues, “My fellow peers here have chosen to take care of this threat in the way of nuclear weaponry, guns, swords, and explosives. Why would you want to waste resources on such an easy solution? Now I have to tell you all that, I have nothing to report to you, for the attack idea is favored over my idea of annexing them. Therefore, until more people start supporting my course, we are going to have to keep protesting. That’s all I can do, thank you.” 
She slowly steps back and pushes a strand of hair back from her face. That is her sign of defeat. After she makes her way next to me, Corith steps up. “Well, representing the…” He looks at Sasha, then back at the crowd. “‘Attack’ Idea I would like to say that any new information is confidential. Therefore, that is for us, but don’t worry, we do have one exciting show for you all. As you, all may be aware; Jacob represents the science portion of The Five leaders. In that case, he is our last presenter, but first I have a little intro. As you may have learnt in your history classes, multiple scientists in Ancient China tried to work on a potion to bring eternal life. Well… all of you under the age of twenty five are in luck for we have it.” 
He quickly steps back and I take his place. I stare at all the blank faces looks upon myself. They are all wondering in amazement of what is happening. I decide to speak. “What he says it's true, I have designed something that replenishes every single part of your body, thus giving you eternal life.” If you thought that they were loud for Sasha, then you would be amazed at the new sound. Bawls of a million stares besiege me. I am overwhelmed by this. I force myself to continue speaking. “For those of you who are wondering what will happen with the government, well here it is. The five of us; Dorian, CC, Sasha, Michael, and I, will control a new branch of the government. There will be the executive branch, the executive branch, the judicial branch, and a forth. We call it ‘The Five Leaders’. For you see, the five leaders will have no control over anything except the president. We would force Corith to step down, but if we did, there would chaos again. He has two terms and when he left people revolted. We thought the country was lost. Consequently, they offered Corith a permanent position over America. The Five Leaders will make sure that Corith is kept in check.” I look over and wink at Corith, and he winks back too. 
I continue, “Now back to my discovery. Here is how it works, if you are a man or woman under the age of twenty-five with no illnesses of any sort, and then you qualify. If you just turned twenty-six, then you will not be allowed to have the surgery. It is the law. During the surgery, and yes, it is a surgery; the serum must be created into a third vein in your body. We must go in and create it around your body, for it to function.” I look over to my right and see green liquid, Correction… deadly green liquid sitting on the table. I then continue, “It may seem creepy, but it is necessary. I would like to irritate what I said earlier, you only qualify to have this procedure if you are under the age of twenty-five. Keep in mind, however, that not all of your claims will be accepted. We must do what is better for the greater good. So more restrictions is that you cannot have any current children, including if you are pregnant, and you must have a steady job. If you are unemployed then you will not be accepted. Thank you all for listening and I hope that we can make a better tomorrow with this new.” My voice cracks, “breakthrough in technology.” 
I feel a hand on my shoulder; I do not bother with looking back because I am already distraught over this whole thing. Having human’s live-forever is not a great idea. I step back and Corith takes my place. Something he seems to like. After clearing his throat, he speaks:
“Well, thank you Jacob for all your effort into this project, and thank you to the others for your great job done. Now I would have had Michael come up and tell you that we plan to wage war with the last Empire in our way of world domination, but there was an incident. So with no further delay, I would like to present our last performance, bring them out!” I look around confused, until I see it. 
Four groups of two people shackled come out. I look upon Corith thinking the worst. When he speaks, my assumptions came true. He spoke, “Before you are two leaders from each of our, old, enemies. We have conquered and taken them. They will now be released and have to fight to the death. The last one alive will have the honor of living in a dungeon until they die. So let it begin.” 
My neck tickles, sweat is running over my face, and my nose itches. Worst of all I know that I have to do something. I yell into the microphone, “STOP!” All the eyes that were focused on blood and revenge shift to me. The guards that were going to release the prisoners even halt. I continue, “I use the power of the five leaders to overthrow this battle.” All of a sudden, there is a gasp from the whole audience. I was not kidding when I said we could bounce anything Corith does. I get an evil grin from Corith. In an instant, however, his face changes from distraught to ‘got yah’ for he has a plan. “That is too bad for you, because Michael is not here, therefore, there are only four votes. So if you offer the four votes for me, it wouldn’t be fair, would it?” Corith says to me through the microphone with assurance. I then snap, “Then I will forfeit my vote, that way there will be three votes.” The other three look at me, as if I am crazy. I have put my whole faith in their hands. I have to have some ethics left for that is the only way this ‘Empire’ will last.
Then, on the screen that had the feed of us talking, there are three black boxes. Each of them has one of the three leader’s names. I am distraught when Dorian strikes red, letting Corith get what he wants. The Sasha’s name changes to green, since she has agreed with my movement. I look towards CC. She is holding her remote carefully for CC doesn’t know which to choose. At first I was wondering why she would hesitate. But then it hit me, Corith could make all her progress halt. For you see there in an issue with Corith, the five of us… work for him. We all work under ‘Corith Industries’ which is a very powerful company that focus on aiding the very intelligent people, and when they strike it rich. He charges you 40% of the profit. It sucks! I turn away from CC and look at the screen. Time seems to slow down; my mind accelerates as the black outline of the CC’s name turns… red. 
I am out of my mind. These people are going to die, and I can do nothing about the situation. I turn towards the metal door with an exit sign above it. I am going to leave. However, right when my hands are about to hit the metal handles on the door; I hear a familiar voice say an unfamiliar phrase, “Stop! Don’t kill them.” Corith yells. He sighs. I am still facing the door. I then hear him continue, “Let the prisoners go, everyone else, Go Home.” I then open the doors into a metal hallway. I get about half way when I hear the voice, 
“Jacob what the hell was that!” Without turning around I say, “That was called ethics”
“Oh, and you are the one to know everything, huh” He snaps at me
I turn to him and point, yelling, “The only reason I don’t know is because You, Dorian, and Michael were too busy with tea parties and dressing in cute pink dresses to see that there are others. You never count Me, CC, or Sasha in everything!”
“It’s CC, Sasha, and I.” He corrects
“What about project Launch! What is it Corith? I think it is time for some answers!”
“Project launch hasn’t been initiated.”
“What are you talking about, I don’t even know what it is, let alone if it happened or not, do you think I am stupid?”
“ No Jacob, you are emotionally crippled. After Emily left you locked yourself in a room until you finished your project.”
There is a pause. He then continues. 
“Don’t forget what I did for you. Thanks to me, you don’t have to worry about her at 
all.”
“I thank you for that.” I say calmly, “But you have to remember that those deaths are 
not in your favor.”
“Who are you to decide that Jacob?”
“A human…?”
I walk away. Corith doesn’t protest anyway. They may have gotten my ‘project’ but I will make sure that The Five leaders are in check always.

Chapter 2: Edwin
The head of a deer lay in my view. I line up the tip of my arrowhead to its head, and then… BAM! Headshot. I was impressed with my kill, even though I was sneaking around. I then walk towards the deer and place my hand on its chest. I look towards the sky and chant. “Bring, come, a life had been taken from you. Bring it back and replenish what the wrong that had been done. Give it another chance. May the power come upon this creature? For everything gets a second chance”. I look down at the deer. It blinks at me and I smile. “Welcome back…” It gets back up and trots away. For this animal has been given the power of the Er. This power can heal and bring back. Unfortunately, ‘The Creator’ has used them to put in his robots. Now we are all in trouble, and after Snowstorm, I don’t believe a thing that he or she says. For The Creator doesn’t help life, unlike the Er that he has taken capture, he takes it.
I grab my bow and get up on my feet. 
All around me are the huge trees of the island. I am hiding, for I was a revolutionist. A failed one… after looking around for a moment, I get my bearings. It would have been a nice walk back to the camp, but then I heard it. Trees smashing, metal clashes together, and air pressure being released from the joints. The robots are coming as I leave. I start sprinting as fast as I can while Dodging trees, and the occasional giant mushrooms. I can feel them getting closer to me, so close that I feel excited when I see a metal structure on the ground. I run towards it using the least bit of energy I have left. When I get closer to the object, I realize that it is a crashed space vessel. The robots are very close now. The only choice I have is to go and save the ship.I examined the exterior noticing that it has no windows. However, there is a Hatch door closest to me. I run towards the door. There is a keypad right next to it with the words, ‘please enter new code’ digitally inscribed above the buttons. With no time to waste, I hit the numbers 123. I look towards the door and prepared to jump in quickly, when it opens. I look back to keep track of the digital pad. A new digital phrase replaces the old one ‘Please confirm code’. I will think of something sarcastic to say, but I had no time. Therefore, I entered 123… again. The doors then opened and I ran inside. As soon as I did, the door behind me closed. Gasping for breath, I put my hands on my knees for I am very worn out by now. As soon as I regain my energy, I look around. 
It is bigger on the inside than it looked on the outside, or so it seems. All around me are control panels, computers for doing random crap necessary to fly the ship. The ship is at a somewhat angle, making it difficult not to slip every now and then. When I reach the end of the ship, I notice two distinct features; one is a big metal circle with these things in it that looks like covers for a camera, and the other is a green container. I alert my attention to the green container. It is… well… green. It has a dome shape to it. In addition, it rests upon a red base. Upon touch, I notice that it is cold, and has been affected by condensation. At this moment, I take my shirt and rub off the water. To my amazement, I see something truly remarkable “A Skull?” I say to myself. I am almost scared to death when I hear a voice say back, “Yes…”
I quickly jump around to see a man on top of the circle. He is blue… 
“Who are you?” I say to the man. He promptly responds, “I am a hologram recorded earlier for the good of this ship.” I then say, “Well your ship crashed and looks like you failed.” I know it won’t respond, since it is only a hologram after all. “I see that…” It responds to me. I then jump again. “You just responded to what I said!” I yell. “Yes, I did.” It responds.
“How?” I say
“I was made with advanced Magician Technology and was programed to answer every 
possible question that one could ask.” It says
“Magician Technology?”
“I am sorry I cannot tell you about my civilization for fear that you will compromise my 
mission.”
“And what mission is that?”
“Confidential”
“Who are you anyways?”
“I am General Tasio, head of the science committee of the Magicians.”
“What happened to the ship?”
“It seems to have crashed.”
“Okay then…”
There is a pause. I then look over to the skull. 
“What is that?” I ask, while pointing at the glass container. “That is an artifact we found along our journey. It is useless to us.” It responds. That's when I ask it; the question that leads me on an adventure of a lifetime. The most prompted and dreaded question of all. “Can I have it?” The hologram responds, “Why? of course you can.” I smile and put inside my pack, along with my bow and other items. It then continues, “Don’t take anything else though.” I nod and head for the door. On my way out, I hear one last sentence from it. 
“And by the way, if you find Light or Dark, make sure to tell them the coordinates of this 
ship.” 
I continue through the door.
When I go back outside to the jungle, I can now feel refreshed. The robots are gone and I am out of that creepy place. My feet are dancing to the sound of silence. Since that’s all there is in this god-forsaken jungle. No birds chirping or Ers chanting. Just silence… By the time I reach my destination, I am tired because of running away from the robots, having a conversation with an inanimate object, and walking all the way across the island, which takes a lot out of you. I feel relieved to see the leaves that hide our door. When I pull them back, I pound on it seven times. Then pound it Eight times. Then Knock six times. Then pound Seven times. Finally, the door opens. On the other side are two people, the only ones who supported me enough to go into hiding on this island. Amazing what a little charisma and charm can do. My feet heap their way inside. I set my satchel on the ground next to the rolling chair I sit on. Exhausted, I run my hands through my thick brown hair. Elisa says to me, “Edwin you should go to sleep.” That is a freaking awesome idea. Therefore, I take the advice with great consideration. Sleep comes fast, and then the rest follows.
Chapter 3: Jacob
New York. The one place I have always wanted to go to. It’s amazing, all the lights and people. The statue of liberty was the whole reason I wanted to go. Now it is night and people are gathered at the Time Square. For it is the year 99,999, New Year’s Eve. This year my Christmas present was an operation manual. 
Corith was very thoughtful. 
According to the manual, there are numerous space vessels that have been designed to go all the way to Alpha Centari, A planet that we have deemed safe for human life. The planet is about 100 light years away. That would have been impossible when I was a child, but it isn’t anymore. Apparently there is a speed faster than light. By increasing speeds in a small space, you can go that fast. Blah… blah… blah… I really don’t care and I am pretty sure you don’t either! The important thing is that no drones ever returned from their mission to scout the planet. They get right outside of Earth’s atmosphere, and they just go off the charts.
Anyhow, the reason the ships were built was in case of invasion of the last super country. Michael and Corith were able to take everyone over, except for the country that occupied all of Asia. Figures…
Now all of that doesn’t matter. It is New Years and am supposed to forget all the politics and just enjoy. With that said, I am standing over a rail overlooking the rail around Ellis Island. The Statue of Liberty is staring at me with a look of sadness, admits her greenish eyes. Wishing to be saved from the country in which has damned its whole purpose and material. I feel for her. I really do. That’s even after I was brutally hurt by many women in my lifetime. Especially Emily…
“Beautiful, isn’t she?” Dorian says.
“Yeah…” I add
“Okay, Jacob, please enlighten me, we are all in Times Square getting ready to count down and you aren't here. So then Michael tells me to go and find you. When do I see you watching a statue…? Yeah, seems about right.” 
I chuckle. He is spot on.
He then continues his monologue, “You see Jacob, when you are happy you’re very happy, but when you are sad you’re very sad. This makes it very annoying to be your friend.”
“Dorian?” I say, He responds, “Yes, Jacob?” 
“Back when I was getting divorced, what were you doing there?” I say
A laugh. One of Dorian’s famous dude is the year 999,999 not 2016 chuckles. After a famous chuckle, he formed the words.
“Because she talked to me about it, so I told her she was crazy. Then I asked if I could at least help. She said that the only time she would involve me in would be packing up your bags. To piss her off, I did just that.” Dorian proclaimed. He then continued,
“I was on team Jacob the whole time.”
I joke, “That team doesn’t have very good stats.”
With a large chuckle from Dorian he places a hand on my shoulder. He then proclaims,
“There’s the Jacob I know and love! Now come on lets go have some fun! “With a nod of agreement, I do so. After a short walk to Times Square we get there. I see the dynamic duo, Michael and Sasha, laughing. Then there is CC gazing at the ball above us all. Probably wondering how much it costs to open it every year. And then Corith… wasn’t there. A mystery… 
“Hey look who it is!” Michael proclaims. 
“He was reminiscing about her.” Dorian says.
Stares. Black stares, saying, “Dude really Jacob that was like in the year 20…” “I know!” I scream at the stares.
“I know that whole episode upset you Jacob,” Michael tries to mend, “But don’t forget the best part, when you became famous, that guy left her, and she was declined the formula to live eternally.”
I remember that… there was a court trial. Since she was just turning 26, we all went to a trial in which she was asking for it anyway.
Imagine this.
Michael, CC, Sasha, Dorian, and Myself among my Ex-Wife. She is asking me to live forever. I am surprised Michael was able to remain professional during the trial.
In the end, she lost and was denied. Big shocker…
“It doesn’t matter anymore, no matter what Michael says, she is long gone, and we are all here together.” Sasha inputs. I smile.
We chatter aimlessly. We do so until there are ten seconds left. I feel excited.
10
9
8
7
The hair on the back of my neck stands up.
6
5
4
So close and yet so far, all my work has paid off.
3
Nothing can ruin this moment
2
Except
1
For an invasion.
First, the power went out. Then people screamed. Then I saw it, millions of Lights in the Sky, dots not stars, just lights. After about three seconds, one of them hit. A giant robot, the size of the Statue I observed earlier, stands upon a building near me. It points what looks like its arm, at a crowd of people and fires its weapon. BOOM! It pounds the ground. Bodies fly. I am horrified. 
This is the classic alien invasion, except it is with robots. My shoulder is grabbed. By who? I cannot say. There is a jeep waiting for the five leaders, but not Corith.
“Where is Corith?” I yell as we drive away from the destruction of more robots that arrive.
Dorian yells back, “He has his own ship, we are taking ours!”
“Ship!” I scream.
“Yes, we are evacuating the planet, just like we talked about in the manual you got at Christmas!” 
Isn’t it convenient that I got the manual about what to do when the world ends, two weeks before it ends?
The jeep screeched along the road until we made it to our destination. When I saw the tip of a rocket, I knew we were close, so close I could taste the safety. Then it finally occurred to me. I yelled over all the loudness occurring at the time, “Dorian! What about all the probes that never responded back! What if there is something stopping us from leaving!” 
“We are just going to have to try. If we die then we did the best we could. Because there is no way that this is going to work out.” He screams out loud. “And if that was the case it was a wonderful time knowing you all.” The attention veers to the people directing all the jeeps in the base. Thousands of people are being electrocuted trying to climb the fence that protects the area. All desperate to leave the planet they will die on. I would never do that!
Between the people jumping on our jeep, or the Robots killing everything, I don’t know which is worse. The only time I feel somewhat safe is when we make it inside.
When we get inside the base, Corith greets me. He says, “Okay guys, make your way to your rocket, and when we give the order launch.” We nod. He then says to me, “Jacob, keep them sane until we reach The Big One.” The big one is referring to Alpha Centari of course. I then respond back, “Will do, sir.” That is the last thing I ever said to him.
The five of us make our way to our rocket. We don’t stop for anything. When we finally reach the rocket, I see printed above the door ‘Salus awaits’ which is Latin for safety. We make our way inside with haste, for obvious reasons. Inside is a room as big as a bedroom, with the narrowness of a hallway. There is a small sleeping quarters, with five beds that strap down in zero gravity, one small office area for all of us to use, and of course our chairs that are latched to the floor with glass to watch the outside of the ship through. 
It is a cozy place, but we will only be traveling for a week, so I don’t understand all the necessities put into it. 
There is one more thing I forgot, my latest invention, a cloning machine. One for each of us… If we need to populate quickly and efficiently, then we can clone ourselves. Change the appearance up a bit and you got a new person.
We all strap ourselves in and wait for further instruction. After a minute or so, the rocket goes from a horizontal position, to a vertical one. It’s a good thing that we’re latched in good.
To my left is Dorian. Behind me is Sasha. CC is next to her; and finally, in the far back, is Michael. The five of us wait.
After what seemed like forever, which is fine considering we will live that long, the yellow light signals; which means get ready. The countdown begins.
5…4…3…2…1
I hear the sound of the rocket blast before anything else. The sound sounded like the roars of a yelling parent when you broke a rule. The next feeling I entered was touch, from the pressure. I was pushed too much that my chest felt like it would explode. The next feeling was taste. The air going past me tasted like I was getting a rain of bi-bi pellets to my tongue. The next feeling was feeling. I felt the softness of a gentle hand upon mine. For Sasha grabbed my hand during two. Finally, I could see. I saw thousands of metal object flying towards Earth. We made it out of the atmosphere.
A sigh of relief came from the mouths of everyone. We are safe. Dorian gets the signal to activate the Anti-Matter engines. For those of you who don’t know a scientist, who wasn’t one of us, discovered that the speed of light isn’t the fastest. She, yes she, found that the element of Anti-Matter can propel an object at a speed capable of traveling two thousand light years away, in a week.
The benefit, we get there faster and don’t even notice it.
The flaw is that it is unstable. If it touches anything, except for the Anti-Matter engine, it will incinerate the ship. We make it right outside of the planet when I see what’s in front of us. I see hundreds of Rockets propelling towards an uncertain planet. In the very front of all the ships, is the president. Dorian grabs the lever for the Engine. Before he pulls it, he says, “Everyone ready!” A shout of, “YAH!” comes. He leans forward and pulls the lever. We start to accelerate. Happiness comes upon me. I get to be part of the recreation of Earth. How exciting is that!
We fly past Luna. The next part happens, oh-so-slowly. A Robot goes in our way. I can see Dorian is worried about his look, and he attempts to yell, “Oh no!” However, it is too late. As I said before, if Anti-Matter hits anything other than the engine, then it explodes. So it did, we smacked and turned to the abyss of space. It exploded… and we were propelled forward. We went going to the big one. We were going to nothing. At least we killed one of them.
I then blacked out…
Chapter 4: Edwin
“Try the laser again!” I yell to Elisa. She nods and pulls the lever. Through my goggles, I see the red beam penetrate the green glass, and the result… nothing! Not even a crack. “Okay, that’s enough!” I yell over the sound of laser. I then sit down next to her.
“We have hacked it with a hammer, smashed it with four tons of pressure, and shot it with a laser twenty times.” She says. “Twenty one…” I correct.
“Whatever, my point is that this must be bigger than we thought.” She says
“That is impossible Elisa, nothing is invincible!” I say with frustration.
“Well, something going on here?” She says with assurance.
She is right… I don’t know what to do.
Therefore, after my run a few days ago I have been testing. This skull is protected with a huge amount of… something. It has to be valuable. I just don’t understand. If it is heavily guarded, then why the hologram just gave it to me. I plan to make a trip back to the ship. Therefore, I gather my things and get ready to go.
On my way out, Elisa gives me a kiss on the cheek and wishes me good luck. Right when I am half way out the door, I say, “See you later too Janet!” The lady with the sniper out the window, nods and returns to guarding; that is Janet.
As I made my way into the jungle, I stared above me. From the ground, you cannot see the tops of the trees, but I do wonder what they look like. It makes me remember when I was back in the colonies. It is a landmass opposite to that of the Bionic’s land. Therefore, when we wanted to do our own thing, I don’t see how it made the creator freak out. My job was studying the creatures that were here before the robots. They are names Ers and are peaceful in nature. They are not intelligent life beings, but they didn’t deserve to be plugged into these metal contraptions for the rest of their lives. 
All my pondering had caught my time, by now I was on the ship. I walked to the inscribed keypad and entered 420. The double doors opened and I stepped inside.
Just as I left it, the crashed vessel was filled with stuff I was told not to take. I plan not to follow that order. I walk to the hologram.
“Hello again…” It says to me.
Figures it remembers me. Considering everything else, I am not really 
surprised.
“I need info on the skull I took a few days ago.” I proclaim.
“That is confidential information” It notifies to me.
Again, not surprised… I walk over to the door in which I entered. I am looking for any map of any sort that can direct me towards some answers and when I saw fifty maps on the wall, I knew I was close.
Looking at the complicated system that was set-up, I was able to locate where I am coming, to where I needed to go. The only problem is that these people didn’t use stairs to get around. I don’t know how they got between levels of the ship, but there has to be an answer to that with the hologram, if it will let me.
I stepped towards the hologram and spoke.
“How can I travel between levels?” I asked.
“We used teleporting-antibodies, or TAB as we called it.” It spoke.
The key word I heard from that was ‘called’. 
“What happened to your people?” I asked
“Nothing, from what I know they are fine.” It responded
I thought to myself that a slight grammatical error should not divert me, but I think I am getting very close to something.
I asked about the teleporting between levels, but alas not help…
I went to my backpack to go draw a quick sketch of a few maps I thought were important. I didn’t have the chance though. My communication device I use to contact home base was going off. I answered, “Edwin there is a distress call near your position, and I think you should check it out.” I responded, “Will do Elisa, I’m on my way.”
I stepped outside and pulled out my transmitter. The source came from an area a mile away from my location. After locating the transmission, I started walking.
After ten minutes or so, I reached the point of the transmission. There I saw crashed space pod, and a hooded figure lying in the dirt. I stepped towards the creature and leaned over. I found out that it was breathing.
“Who are you?” I asked.
“I have many names.” It slowly responded.
“Well give me one of them.” I said
“Dark…” It said
I remember that name from the hologram! It said to tell Light or Dark about the ship. I never thought I would actually meet someone with that name though…
“There is something I need to show you.” I said
I helped him up and began to assist the Dark over to the ship.
When we got there, my crazy life went from crazy to unbearably insane!
Chapter 5: Jacob
When I awoke, I was among the coughing of Michael and the blank stares of Dorian. 
“How are you feeling?” He asked me in a soft tone.
“I just have a headache, that’s all.” I responded while looking slowly out the window. All I saw were stars, nothing more, nothing less.
“Where are we?” I asked
“I have no clue, but there are no planets in sight.” He said in a depressed voice.
“Michael is coughing, why?” I asked in an interrogation tone.
“He seems to have caught a sickness of some sort.” He said.
“Well then, get him in one of the pods.” I said in a firm tone.
Dorian just stared at me and then walked over to Michael. I slowly sat up and put my hands over my face as if I was trying to hide from what was going on.
After two minutes, I heard the pod doors close and I walked over. I stared blankly at Michael, who was pounding the glass from the inside. I could hear the muffles of his yelling, but I can’t comprehend them.
“Alright, shoot it off.” I said coldly.
“What!” Dorian yelled. “What has gotten into you Jacob? You’re acting like a cold blooded murderer, Michael is our friend, and we shouldn’t do this!”
“The majority Dorian, that’s what we need to focus on! It is either him, or all of us!
Besides, no one can live forever and even if someone did live forever, everyone else would have to die!” That’s how it works, I didn’t write the rules of life.” I yelled. “No push the button… Sir!”
With a cold and evil look, Dorian slammed the yellow button on the wall.
“Good.” I said.
I slowly turned around and heard the release of the connection of the pod and the ship. He was now gone.
Dorian looked at me blankly and then walked over to the control panel.
“What should we do?” He asked.
“The only thing we can, turn in the direction of our destination,” I said.
“Jacob, we were out for at least thirty hours, with the anti-matter leaking out. We must have traveled at least two light years.”
“Well, let’s at least try, we're doomed anyway.”
And with that, he did so. We had enough anti-matter to get us to the moon and back, but that isn’t going to stop me… us. Dorian focused the thrusters to spin in the direction of the planet. I stood by the window. Looking out at the stars, I forgot it all, the fact that we are going to die, Corith and his trickery, and Michael being shot out. I heard the engines kick in and I felt the ship start to turn. I felt more depressed now. I went to turn away from the window and go and comfort Dorian, but then I saw it… a planet. 
The planet was twice the size of Earth. Then I saw another planet, this time it was massive. It is bigger than the sun, and whiter than snow. I felt Dorian’s breath over my shoulder.
“That’s amazing…” He said.
I smiled to myself.
“Can you do a scan?” I asked.
“Already did, the planet is habitable.” He said.
Another smile came upon me.
“Alright guys, let’s get on the planet! Dorian, you’re in charge of the Speeders, CC you’re in charge supplies, and Sasha the pods.” I commanded.
“What about you?” Dorian asked.
“I am going to plan out the cities.”
About an hour passed when we were all ready. We loaded all the supplies, packed up the speeders, and I took my map with me. When I climbed into my pod, I looked into the screen in front of me and saw three screens with each of my co-leaders on it. There was one black one, which is where Michael was supposed to be…
“Okay, just give the word when you are ready.” CC said.
“T-Minus 10.” I said
I then leaned back and strapped in. I heard the silent counts of the others.
5…,4…,3…,2…,1…
I felt the seat behind me press hard against my back. I was being launched towards the planet with enough speed to knock someone over face flat. I peered out my window as the decent passed. The atmosphere was as blue as the ocean on Earth. The pod rotated and I was looking at the world in front of me. There are three magnificent continents, all there for the claiming, and a world full of ocean for sailing.
“Can you believe this?” I heard Dorian say though the intercom system.
“It is wonderful.” I said back
He would have responded, but then the thrusters activated and the pod slowed to a landing. After twenty second of sitting there, the doors opened. I was stunned for a moment. Outside my pod was… nothing… It was pure flat grassland in every direction; nothing in view, no physical features, mountains, rivers, or anything else. It was simply barren. The others noticed the same thing.
“This is strange…” Sasha said.
I nodded in agreement and then went to get my map. The rest of them then jumped into action as well. After an hour, we were ready. 
There was a crate with some food laid out among the four speeders, and metal scrap on the ground. I had my map on top of it and showed the plan. I pointed to the top left and said, “CC you build your city here.” I then pointed to the top right, “Sasha you build your city here.” I then pointed to the bottom left and right, “Dorian I want you to build two cities here, one for the absence of Michael.”
“Hey!” Sasha yelled.
“What?” I asked.
“Why does Dorian get two, I want the other one. It’s about time that you started giving some stuff to CC and me. We can handle it,” She said.
“Okay, whatever. Sasha will take the top right, and the bottom left.” I said.
She then grunted with a sound of assurance and walked to her speeder.
We were all on our speeders with food, supplies, and the cloning machines I made on Earth. We will clone ourselves to make more people to help.
“Okay is everyone ready?” I asked.
“Hold on Jacob.” CC said. “What are you going to do?”
“I am building the capital city of course,” I said.
“Now,” I continued, “When you all get settled, we will all meet at the capital for a meeting on what kind of government we shall run.”
“Jacob,” Dorian intervened, “It sounds like you are trying to start another empire.”
“Exactly,” I said with a smile.
Dorian laughed and I drove off. I speed off and saw them behind me. Dorian and Sasha turned their way, and CC passed me. When I was alone, I scouted to find the perfect spot, and it was when I was going through the endless field of grass, that I found it. There was a curled oak tree in the middle of the whole grass, the only tree in miles. This is where I want the city, this is where I will make a better world, and this is Salus city.
Chapter 6: Daravitch
I was sitting in my office when one of the guards walked in.
“Sir Daravitch?” The Guard said.
“Yes, what is it!” I said with annoyance.
“Nyco is requesting a call.” The Guard said with a sorry tone in his voice.
“Okay, I got it.” I said.
I scurried the guard off, put my feet on my desk, grabbed my remote, and then pressed the button on my remote. First, a blue outline of Nyco appeared, but then the realistic figure came on the screen.
“Well Nyco, how did it go?” I asked.
“Sir it went bad. The ships landed on our planet like we predicted, but after capturing them, I couldn’t find Corith or any of the five leaders.” He said shyly.
“WHAT!” I yelled at the top of my lungs. “Terrible! What the heck are we supposed to do now, there could be humans anywhere!”
“I am sorry sir, I did all I could. I am sending you the few people that actually landed.” Nyco said.
“Whatever happened to the human that helped us with all of this?” I asked in an interrogation tone of voice.
“He never landed on the planet, so I am not sure what happened.” Nyco said.
“Okay Nyco, goodbye now.” I turned off the hologram and sat down fuming.
This is just what I wanted to hear…
Chapter 7: Jacob
It is the year 50, planet fall, of course. All of the cities are built and there is now a stable empire running. Only one problem, all the other leaders want to kill each other. The worst possible tragedy could have happened.  
CC and Sasha were in contact with me, but Dorian never said anything to me. Then after a while, CC went black, and finally Sasha. Then I heard the news that Dorian had taken two of Sashas’ cities, and she has disappeared. CC managed to hold up against Dorian, and they are still fighting. The weird part is that they won’t attack me at all. I will worry about diplomacy later. Right now, I have another issue. 
This planet's gravity force is twice of that on Earth. No rockets, I know how to build will be able to escape the planet's gravity. However, I was able to build a few probes. They left the atmosphere, but when they tried to leave, they were disrupted and ripped apart by an invisible wall that surrounds my planet. The only way to get into the planet is if you go through the big, snowy planet, I saw before.
I then sent more probes to try to pass through the planet and explore. They instantly froze and broke. This is because the planet is – 460 degrees, which is the absence of all heat; absolute zero.
For now, though I will not worry about the way I can explore. I must worry about my own safety. I was roaming the streets of my city when this occurred to me.
“One stud please.” The storeowner asked.
I handed him the money, took my apple, and walked away with a few crunches along the way. I was trying to find a way to hide and still protect assets. There are seven districts in Salus city. I am in district 3, otherwise known as the market district. I am on my way back to district 1, also known as the palace district. There would be two assistants that  have been working for me. After a short walk from the apple cart to the palace and I was there.
“Welcome home sir,” The guard said to me with the highest respect, I could get at this point. I nodded and then walked in.
“There you are Jacob,” Desmond said to me.
“Do you need something?” I asked
“Well, actually I was going to tell you that the robots that mapped out the ocean came back. We have all the rifts, mountains, and animals charted and counted.” He said.
I thought for a moment. Then it hit me.
“Ah ha! I got it; we will go to the ocean. There will never find us there!” I said
“What do you mean?” He asked.
“Just go pack up some food, plants, and get Lucy. I will go and get building materials,” I said.
After the supplies were gathered, I went and completed one last task.
“I need your help.” I said.
“With what, might I ask,” Spade said.
“I need you to run the city for a while.”
“How long?”
“I don’t know.”
“Jacob, I am a police chief not a political figure.”
“This is a request; you don’t have to do it if you want.”
“Jacob you know I will do it, just please make sure you remember this.”
“Understood,” I said while turning away with a quickness and haste.
I walked back to the palace district with my supplies. When I got to the palace, the speeder was waiting outside and my assistants were loading crates onto the speeders. I was greeted my Desmond, who sets his crate onto the speeder and then walked over to me.
“We are almost done, sir, we just have a few more boxes, and we are good to go.” He said.
“Good,” I responded, I didn’t focus on him, though I simply walked away after saying it. My attention was directed to my bedroom in the palace. When I got in, I walked over to the far wall and moved a paining down. There was a safe waiting for me behind the portrait. I looked once behind me to make sure no one was present. All that was standing there was a door so I was safe. I then proceeded to open the small vault and retrieve a vial inside of it. This vial held my closest and most prized experiment. I am planning to use this vial to create a platform that can be sprayed and hold objects in the air. It is somewhat of a floating invisible shelf.
I put the vial within my coat as if to hide it from a thief. I then closed the safe and put the portrait back over it. I then proceeded to walk out of my room, head out of the speeder, and see what the status of the base is. I was half way out the door when I remembered what I needed, my black gloves.
“We are ready to go, sir,” Desmond said to me as I walked outside.
“Then let us go.” I said while mounting on the speeder.
When we were on it, I positioned it so that I could go right out the gates. Right before I took off I heard a familiar voice.
“Good luck Jacob, but remember that you can’t run away from everything.” Spade said.
“I know spade, this is just a necessity right now,” I said.
“When you get the rest of your pack together, you realize that you are going to be the leader right?”
“Impossible Spade, I am a scientist, not a political figure.”
“You would be surprised what you can do Jacob.”
I nodded to him and that was it. I sped out of the city and towards the ocean. My eyes focused only on one thing, I had to get to the ocean and fast. Luckily, the trip wasn’t long. After an hour, I reached the beach. I stopped the speeder and looked out unto the water.
“Jacob, do you mind telling us what we are doing now?” Desmond said.
I stared a little longer. My gaze left the waves, but didn’t focus onto Desmond.
“We are going to build an over-water platform,” I said.
I half expected him to start questioning me; however, he simply nodded and started unloading supplies. I stood looking at the ocean as if waiting for it to answer all my questions for me.
“So how are we going to set this up?” Desmond asked.
“Well, put the water platforms on the button and the wood on top. It’s easy.” I said sarcastically.
“Ha, ha, funny. Now what do we do about rooms.” He said.
“So snappy, calm down. Build a room for the three of us, and an office for me, and an open area in which I can have a dock and a beacon.” I said.
“Beacon?” He asked.
“You will find out soon enough.” I said.
Putting it together was hard. After laborious work on the beach, we managed to complete the task. Once the robots finished building it, we pushed it straight into the water. Using an engine propeller I build we tugged the structure out to sea. We now have a complete over-water platform. The platform’s main deck consisted of a small dock in which I could keep on speedboat capable of treading fast enough on the water to get somewhere. There are three rooms connected to the side opposite to the dock. The one on the left is Dominic’s room, the one on the right is Lucy’s room, and the one in the one on the middle is mine. There is a room that is connected to the back of my room that leads to my office. It is a small hideout, but it will do.
As soon as we anchored down, I went into my room. My bed was there, waiting for me to fall fast asleep on it. Therefore, I did.
After a few hours, I heard a voice.
“Jacob…”
I got up fast.
“Who is there?” I asked to the shadow standing in between the moonlight stricken doorway in front of me.
“That is not important, but I have something for you.” It said
“What is it?” I asked
“Here…” It passed me a small notebook with the words Galactic Ruler written on it.
“What is this?” I asked.
“You will know soon enough…” It said.
I watched as the figure dissolved in my eyes. I then woke up for real. It was morning, the next day. I looked around all over the place, no notebook. My door was closed, but I could still hear the walking of footsteps outside of my door. The muffles of talking came between the seams and I could tell that there was some sort of commotion going on. I quickly got changed and stepped outside. Outside my door, Dominic was walking back and forth, as if he was worried about something, and Lucy was looking through a telescope. As soon as he saw me, Desmond approached me.
“Jacob, you’re up! There is a situation.” He said in a scared tone.
“What is the problem?” I asked.
“Here, come see for yourself,” Lucy interrupted without taking her eye away from the scope.
I changed my gaze from Desmond to Lucy. When I got close, she took the scope away from her eye and handed it to me. I sighed and look through let lens. There I saw through the little hole I was peering through, a jungle island not too far from us.
“Why is this a problem, Dominic?” I asked.
“Well, you wanted to hide? I figured we were going to have to move the platform.” He said in terrifying tone.
“Please, this is no issue. In fact, I am going to go explore it myself.” I said.
“What! No! Jacob you can’t go by yourself, in fact, you can’t go period. It’s too dangerous.” Desmond said.
“I haven’t had an adventure in a while; I think it would be good for me.” I said.
I could sense that Desmond was worried, but my mind was made up. I was going to the island no matter what.
Chapter 8: Daravitch
“Daravitch this is crazy!” Nyco said to me.
“I know I don’t like it either, but something has to be done.” I said.
“I thought you would never stoop to this level.” He said.
“Look; I love to fight, it is in my blood, I am an Elorite after all; but I don’t have time to run around and find six humans right now. This is our best option”.
“Whatever, this is about you, not me.” He said.
I was about to say one more thing, but then the elevator doors opened. Now we were in a dark room in which the only light that was entering was that of the sunlight coming between the blinds. There in the middle of the room was a desk and a man with his feet perched on top of his desk. There was a faint red glow from the cigar in his mouth. This creepy, desolate location was home to the one and only, 47; famous galactic hit man.
“Come in Daravitch of the Covenant, and Nyco of the Chips.” He said.
I looked down at Nyco and he smiled. My glance then went back up to 47.
I slowly put one foot in front of the other and carefully stepped forward towards the desk.
“How can I help you two on this fine day?” He asked in a sarcastic tone. I could see him grinning through his cigar and the darkness.
“I need you to find six humans for me…” I said softly.
“Wow, that’s a lot of humans Daravitch. A while ago six was nothing, but then you killed them all.” He said with a chuckle. I growled at him and stepped forward and I would have punched him in the face, but Nyco put his hand on my armor and motioned for me to step back.
“They escaped our little plot.” Nyco said.
“Fair enough, what are their names?” 47 said.
“Corith, Jacob, CC, Sasha, Dorian, and Michael.” I said.
“Okay, I will find all of them and then you will pay me; yes?” He said.
“Yes…” I snarled.
“Good, now please go and leave me to work.” He said.
I gave one last look at the darkened face and the red-lit cigar and then turned away. Nyco stared at me with his blue peaceful eyes and tried to examine me. When we got back into the elevator, he said to me.
“See, that wasn’t so bad.” He said
“Oh father, wherever you are, please forgive me.”
The doors then shut.

Chapter 9: Jacob
Oddly enough, the island had a dock ready for me to parch myself onto. When I latched my boat onto the dock, I took a moment to look at my surroundings. The dock went straight into the trees. There is a beach along the coast that I could follow. There is a big mountain in the distance, and finally there is a pillar of smoke in the trees. I decide to follow the smoke into the forest. I go back in my boat and grab my messenger bag with all my stuff in it. After a few minutes of preparation, I am ready to go. I set out onto the adventure ahead with diligence.
After an hour of walking, I reached an opening in the trees, there in the sunlight stood a log cabin. I looked at the chimney to conclude that the smoke was indeed coming from this house. I looked and it was. Now only one thing needs to happen. I must enter the house. I slowly stepped closer to the house and inched my way with words. I stepped on the porch and slowly cracked the door open. Inside the walls of the cabin was one room and one room only. A bed, dresser, small kitchen, table, and a fireplace take up the empty space. This cabin must have been deserted long ago. The only thing that remains a mystery is how there is a fire going. I felt the barrel of a shotgun touch the back of my head.
“Are you armed?” A familiar voice said.
“No…” I said.
Then it happened. The person grabbed my shoulder and turned me around.
“Jacob!” Sasha said.
“Well hello Sasha, how are you?” I asked.
“Fine…” She said, putting down the shotgun.
“I thought you were peaceful?” I said.
“Yes, but I’m not stupid.” She said with a wink.
She then pushed her way past me and made her way to the kitchen.
“Would you like some pie Jacob?” She asked.
“Um… sure…” I said.
I walked in and sat down at the table. I watched as she took a pie out of her oven and set it in her window.
“It needs to cool.” She said with a smile.
I am truly shocked. She is in the middle of nowhere. Literally on a deserted island, and she is making pie. This woman just doesn’t make sense.
She then made her way over to the table and sat down.
“What happened to you?” I asked.
“Well, after you gave the order to make cities I made the two. The Dorian started attacking my second one. I let him have it. Later he went after my last city and tried to hunt me down. I fled the city and then found this place.” She said.
“There is a gray area there. You found it after you fled the city? What happened?” I asked.
“Jacob, that is for me to know and for you to never find out.” She said with a smile.
We then made some small chat and some pie. I told her about my base not too far. I also told her about how I want to re-unite everyone together. She didn’t really comment on it. Finally, the time came when I had to leave. I was half way out the door when I heard her say.
“I am coming with you.” She said.
I turned around slowly. 
“Why?” I asked.
“Because I want everyone back together as well. I want to rebuild our civilization. I want to make things better between everyone.” She said.
I smiled. There is the Sasha I know.
“Get your stuff; I will meet you at the dock.” I said.
She jumped up and screeched with excitement and I wondered if she was bi-polar. Nevertheless, I must make my way back to the base. My plan worked and now I have one of the three others with me. Now I just have to convince CC and Dorian.
After I reached the dock Sasha was there waiting for me.
“Why did you take the long way?” She asked with a cute little girly smirk.
I stared at her and just went on my boat.
Since the boat was only made for one person, she had to hold onto me. This reminded me of the feeling I had for her on Earth. It makes me wonder if she feels the same way. Nevertheless, I must focus on other things than love. It is worthless anyhow.
I parked my boat back on the dock and through my stuff to the side.
“Desmond, we have a new addition to our base. I need you to get enough supplies so we can build another room.” I called out.
It was dead silent.
“That’s strange…” I said under my breath.
I walked towards the rooms a little and noticed that my door was cracked. I motioned for Sasha to stay on the boat as I approached my room. Through the crack, I could see that there was a red glow inside. I quickly smashed the door open and pointed a pistol forward.
“What is going on?” I yelled.
There was a figure standing with its back to me. The red glow was coming from its face.
“You are Jacob I presume?” It said.
“Yes, and you are?” I said with a scared tone.
“I am 47, I was sent to find you.” It said
“By who?” I asked.
“That’s not important.” It said.
It then turned around and I saw that it was smoking a cigar. Assuming the lower pitch voice, it is really a he.
“What I am about to ask it though…” he said.
“And that is?” I asked.
“Who is the leader between the five of you?” he asked.
“There are only four.” I said.
“Who is missing?” He asked.
“Michael…” I said
There was a pause.
“Okay then, out of the four who is the leader?” He asked
“Right now there is chaos, no government, and no empire.” I said
“That’s the way I like it,” He said, “But you still haven’t answered my question.” He said.
“I am going to have to say all of us are.” I said
“All of you?” He said in a shocked voice.
There was another pause. 
“Damn…” He said.
With that, he shoved his way, passed me and I shot at him a few times. The bullet simply deflected off his armor though. I watched as he dove in the water. Mid-flight a big metal object appeared in the water. He jumped on it and it flew off straight off into the air. With that, he was gone.
“Jacob!” I heard Sasha scream.
I quickly ran to Desmond’s room and saw the two dead bodies of Desmond and Lucy on the ground. I was horrified. Sasha quickly turned and cried on my shoulder. I stared at the corpses and shed a tear myself.
This time I have had it. I am going to get everyone together and find this 47 if it kills me.
It was convenient that I got a call from spade shortly after my pledge to myself.
“Jacob there is an issue in the city. I need you to get here fast.” He said.
“What is going on?” I asked.
“CC is attacking.” He said.
Chapter 10: Daravitch
“What do you mean you didn’t kill them?” I yelled at 47.
“Daravitch, I will explain this once more. My one and only rule is that, I don’t kill leaders. It was in the contract that you signed in blood, remember?” He said inquisitively.
“Yes, I remember.” I snarled, “They can’t all be leaders though!”
“According to Jacob, he, CC, Sasha, and Dorian are all the leaders.” He said calmly.
“What about Michael and Corith? I told you to find them as well!” I yelled more frustrated than ever.
“I could not find them.” He said.
My anger reached the peak of what it could be. I yelled, raised my arm, and slammed his desk to pieces.
“That desk meant nothing to me. Just like you and all those humans, mean nothing to me. Get out of my temporary office. Never come back, you are blood banned!” He said with a fierce tone.
I was going to say something back, but the words didn’t come out. Now I don’t know where the humans are, and I wasted more time on it. I have made no progress whatsoever. This is truly pathetic!
Chapter 11: Jacob
I got back to the city faster than I thought possible. When I reached the shore there were armor-protected vehicles waiting there for me. Inside one of the smaller cars was Spade waiting for my arrival so he may lead me to appending doom.
The moment the tip of the small boat hit the sands of out continent, he stepped out of his car.
“Jacob, are you ready to go?” He asked.
“Yes, I am. Could you brief me a little before we go?” I asked.
“The city is surrounded and CC is holding it under siege. No one knows why she won’t attack. There are rumors that Dorian is working with her on a top-secret project that they will use to take over the planet. We are going to sneak you in through an underground tunnel below the city.” He said
“There is an underground tunnel?” I asked
“In five minutes there will be.” Spade said.
He then turned to the armored trucks and singled at them my waving his arms from behind his back, past his head, and back again. The armor trucks then started moving towards the city. There was a bigger truck ahead of all of them, and had a huge drill bit on it. In the very back was another machine behind everyone else that had the same drill bid on it. I assume it is for putting the dirt back after it is dug up. After the cars were all line up, they stopped. This is when Spade turned to me and motioned for me to get inside of one of the armored trucks. I did just that.
On the inside of the truck was filled with two benched of cushioned seats. It was similar to a limo ride I remember having back on earth. Sitting on the seats were four big, tough, armored soldiers. Spade and I sat across from each other right in the middle of the truck. The oddity of this situation was truly off the walls. However, it is necessary.
After a minute of sitting saying, nothing the truck started moving. I looked around at the four men close to me and felt intimidated by their figure, and relevance.
“Spade, where did you get there soldiers.” I asked.
He looked at me cautiously.
“After you left the first thing I did was start training soldiers to defend against an attack. Such as this one,” He said.
“Okay, two questions,” I said, “First off, if you build this army then why do you need me? And second, don’t you think that you building an army showed the others that I wasn’t managing the city?”
“Well, CC’s army was much bigger than mine. I also wanted to go into diplomacy before the attack. Second, I never thought of that.” He said.
I chuckled to myself.
“Alright Spade; I will clean up your mess.” I said with diligence.
The rest of the trip was quiet. I mostly just sat there and thought of that person, codenamed 47, did what he did. I wonder now if Dorian sent him. Hopefully my meeting CC might actually work and I can get her on the same side as me. Then I can work on the final challenge, getting Dorian to work with me.
The felt the car stop and the guards exited. After a minute, I heard a pound on the door. Spade then motioned for me to get out. I did just that.
We went from the flat, grassy lands of the continent to the complete emptiness of Salus city.
“Where is everyone Spade?” I asked.
“They are either hiding, evacuated, or dead,” He said coldly.
It struck me hard. I have had enough death lastly.
“Okay, I am sick of this. I am going to talk to CC whether she likes it or not. If I die alone the way, then so be it.” I said with anger.
I shoved away from Spade’s grasp and marched towards the door. I yelled for someone to open the gates. I am pretty sure they hesitated, but they opened nevertheless. 
When the gates slowly passed through my view I could see the soldiers of the CC’s regime held up all around the city. I started fast walking towards the men and women holding up the city. After five minutes of walking, I could hear a yell from the crowd of soldiers.
“Don’t fire!” I heard CC yell.
I was stunned, and tired. 
A spade between the hold was formed and out stepped CC.
“Jacob you risked your life just so you could talk to me?” CC asked.
“Yeah, I am sick of all this fighting, how can we make progress with all of us at each other’s throats?” I asked.
“What progress?” CC asked.
“Picking up from where we left off I guess,” I said. “But that’s not the point; the point is fighting for power is ridiculous if it is between us. The biggest problem that humans had is that they fought each other. There was no human unity and people put others down. That was the biggest and the fatal fault of humans.” I said.
A moment of silence passed.
“Are you implying that we aren’t human?” CC asked.
“We aren’t going to make the mistakes of our ancestors, and to symbolize that I want to call ourselves Saulineins.” I said.
“Is that a derivative of the Latin word Salus?” CC asked.
“Yes, it means safety.” I said.
We just starred at each other and tried to figure out what to say next. However, neither of us said the next word.
“Jacob!” A voice behind the men yelled, “You win. We will work together; I know you know where Sasha is, so let’s bury the hatchet.”
Dorian stepped out from among the crowd.
This shocked me more than anything else did.
CC and Dorian now stood in front of me. We all looked at each other with shock and awe.
Dorian then put his hand out, CC did the same; finally, my grasp joined theirs.
We all made a pact at that spot to work together, fixing the problems of our past and moving forward. After everything was done, we smiled.
One issue was taken care of, but another one crawled out of the ground.
A huge Earthquake shook the ground. A crack in the ground formed nearby. Green gas then started seeping from it. A nearby soldier walked close to it and sniffed it. Her body hit the ground and she was stone cold dead. Then another Earthquake, more cracks were forming. Gas was coming faster.
“Run to the city!” I yelled as loud as I could.
“What are we going to do; we have no way to escape the ground.” Dorian said as we ran.
“Um… that’s not true.” I said shyly.
“What do you mean?” CC yelled.
“I have already figured a way to make better rockets. I have rockets built and we can fly up in the sky. From there I have an experiment that I have designed. It creates a platform that can hold unlimited amounts of weight, and will stay together as long as sunlight is touching it.” I explained.
“Why didn’t you say anything?” CC asked.
“Because I wanted us to work together first,” I said.
By now, we had reached the city. Spade ran up to me.
“Good timing, Jacob I have everyone that came in the rockets. There is an open one for you guys. Sasha has also just arrived.” Spade said.
“How could Sasha be here so soon and how did you react so quickly?” I asked.
“Because it was a shockwave quake, it first hit Sasha, then me, then you. Now hurry there isn’t much time.” Spade said while running towards the palace. The three of us joined him. 
After getting inside the palace, I motioned for the other two to come and follow me into the basement. When we got down to the basement there was a secret door open. We crawled into it, revealing a bunch of hidden rockets underground. Spade was right there waiting for us. He led us to one of the ships and we crawled in.
The difference between these rockets and the ones on Earth are that, there are forty seats crammed with no walking room whatsoever in the tube. This was designed for a short trip, such as one to the sky.
When we reached the inside, Sasha was waiting for us. The five of us were the only ones in this exclusive rocket. Along with all the containers of spray that I have.
“What is going on Jacob?” Sasha asked.
“I don’t know, but I have a plan.” I said.
“What is that?” She asked.
“We are going to create a world above the ground.” I said.
“Sounds good enough to me, let’s go!” Spade said with haste.
I nodded to him and put on a headset. I spoke into it.
“Attention all citizens of the Salus Empire, the four leaders are now working together and have established peace. We will work together to create government, economy, weapons, and peace. Our Empire will expand throughout the stars and beyond that. We will be great, and survive. That includes now, we will always win, even if it is a war against the planet itself,” I said.
I put my hand onto the launch switch.
“This is for everything. Go Salus World, go live!”
I pulled it back as hard as I could. The force of pressure pushed us all back into our seats. We were propelling away from a gassy land, and unto the sky.
After five minutes, we were five hundred miles in the air. The rockets were set to floating speeds and we just sat for a second.
“Jacob I just realized something.” Dorian said.
“What is that?” I asked.
“If we are this high in the air, then how are we going to breathe?” Dorian asked.
“Simple, this planet doesn’t have an atmosphere. The air goes out past the planet onto a strange impenetrable shield that surrounds the planet.” I said.
“If we are surrounded then how are we ever going to be able to leave?” Dorian asked.
“The shield cuts into a planet that is as big as Earth’s sun. If you go through the planet, then you can leave.” I said.
Dorian looked stunned. Nevertheless, I opened everyone’s doors. Since the doors were above us all we had to do was crawl out. The ships that carried everyone up surrounded the mile-by-mile platform in the sky. I was the first to step out. Once all the citizens were unloaded, everyone looked at me.
“What?” I asked the crowd.
“Jacob, you are the leader, what do we do?” Spade asked.
“What! I am not the leader, all of us are; Dorian, CC, Sasha, and myself.” I said.
“No Jacob, you are the one who brought us together, put this all together, and saved the civilization. You are our hero, and leader.” Dorian said.
I could not speak. However, I knew what had to be done, so I might as well say it.
“Okay, number one. Start building a palace and a village right by it. Then we need to collect all the gas from the Middle World. Finally, we need to build bases all over Snowstorm, one thousand miles apart from each other.” I said.
Dorian said, “That's great sir, but what is snowstorm?” 
“The huge planet right next to us,” I said.
Everyone just sat there. Quiet and awe struck. Finally, there was a break in the silence.
“You heard him! Let’s get started!” Someone yelled. Then everyone got worked up and started chanting, “For the Upperworld!” That sounds good enough to me.
Chapter 12: The Creator
I have many accomplishments. First, I destroyed Earth, with the help of the Covenant of course. Then I survived a freak accident. Then I built an Empire, using the robots I built to destroy Earth, in which I dubbed the Bionics. Then I created another Empire, named ‘The Colonists’ so that I could attack Salus world. I lost the attack. Things then went downhill from there. For example, the colonists rebelled, with a guy named Edwin leading them. I didn’t let them get away so easily. I crushed the rebel force and Edwin went into hiding. I am truly one of the best that there is. I will rule all!
“Now that I listened to you rant, can I have some free time now?” Vesion asked.
“Gah! Vesion! Why did you have to ruin the moment?” I yelled
“What! I want to have free time, all I do is fight, get upgrades, and then train the others. I get NO FREE TIME!” Vesion cried.
“Fine! WHATEVER!” I yelled.
“YAH!” Vesion yipped.
Vesion then started jumping all over the place. Knocking things over and breaking more things.
“Go have free time OUTSIDE!” I yelled.
It then dropped its head and slowly walked out.
“Sorry Sir…” It said.
I will now give an explanation about that. I tried to build a super weapon in which I dubbed, Vesion. Vesion can run on short amounts of energy, is full of power, and can hold ultimate amounts of information; the only downside is that it acts like a child. I don’t know why.
To finalize what I was saying is one thing. No matter what happens next, I will succeed against my enemies. Then, I do let it be known that The Creator was the greatest leader in the entire galaxy. I must go now, I don’t flee a lot, but today it’s necessary.
Chapter 13: Jacob
The palace is complete, a snowstorm has been colonized, and the Middle World has been returned to normal. The thing was that under the crust of this planet toxic gas is created, it ends up building up and seeping out. To prevent this from happening, we have created numerous mining facilities under the crust, in what we call the Under World, to mine the gas out. Just in case you are wondering, there is a palace in the Upperworld now. That is where I live, work, and eat. Literally, there is a restaurant right under me.
Anyhow, we are in our golden age now.
But after a while, nothing interesting happened.
That changed one day.
I was lying in my bed, in the palace.
BOOM! A loud sound cracked through the sky.
I quickly jumped out of bed and looked out of my balcony. What I saw was the most abnormal thing in all that I have seen. It was a huge, flying, metal object. It was coated in red, with a gold streak running from the front to the back. The front part of this, strange thing, was triangular shaped with a small, round, silver object in its tip. Moving down the triangle gets bigger, until it hits the middle. From there on is box shaped. There is a big, gray, metal shape on the side of the middle of this… thing. It looks like a door to me. Running down the back of the object is some, what I can recognize as, engines. Ah, this all makes sense now. It’s a space ship, but what is it doing here?
I look down onto the fake ground and see three people I recognize very well standing by the palace gates. They have their hands over their eyes and their minds fluttering like a child who just found that there are giant skyscrapers in cities. I ran down to them as quick as I could. I had on my street clothes, no need to put on my robe for this. Yes, I have a robe, it is for public appearances. It is a basic red texture, with a red cape going behind me. There are gold streaks running down the cape, as well as blue markings on the chest, and legs. Now that I think about it, my cape has similar colors to this ship…
“Hey guys.” I say to the others.
They look at me and just for a second, forget about the ship.
“Are you in?” Dorian says sarcastically, “Regular clothes Jacob!”
I wave my arms and say, “Hello! Huge ship above us! More important things than what the leader is wearing.”
He returns his gaze to the ship.
“What is it?” Sasha asks.
“I don’t know, but I think we are about to find out.” CC says as the metal doors I mentioned earlier open.
I expected fighters to come out in the thousands. Doom to come upon us. Instead, a small floating platform came out. When it touched the fake ground there stood two guys in heavy blue armor with sniper rifles in hand, and a very tall guy wearing a similar design to the robe I have. His outfit is designed with a black outline going down the chest, and between the black lines is a gold and silver checker pattern. The cape is also red, although it has a black logo printed “SSC” on it. Before I have time to process what I am seeing the tall guy talks.
“Excuse me, but I am looking for Jacob.” He said.
I stepped forward.
“Um… That would be me.” I said chivalrously.
He looked towards me.
“Ah yes, nice to see you again Jacob.” He said.
“Again… who are you?” I asked.
“My name is Counselor Peter.” He said.
The others looked towards me.
I smiled.
“Yes, right…” I said. “Come, come, let’s go inside, and have a talk, all of you. I have an interesting explanation.”
The others stood there with their mouths wide open and awe struck.
We went inside.
They sat at the table in my room. I stood in front, CC left of me, Dorian Middle, and Sasha Right. Counselor Peter stood behind them. It was just us, for he left his guards behind.
I tried to speak, but words failed me, so Dorian helped me out.
“Okay, Jacob, start with who this guy is.” Dorian said.
“Well… this is our new general…” I said shyly.
“What!” CC said. “You’re just going to let some random weird guy, which you seem to know, be in charge of our army?”
“Yeah, and I thought I was the general?” Dorian inputted.
“Dorian, you’re a weapons designer, not a war tactics general. We lost that when we lost Michael.” I said
There was a pause.
“Well, if I may speak for myself,” Counselor Peter said, “I completed my job.”
“Job...?” Dorian asked, looking back at me.
“Yah” I explained, “When all of you were fighting I did two things, number one, I built a bunch of rockets, number two, I sent a guy out to build me a super weapon. That guy was councilor peter.”
“Jacob you’re insane.” Sasha said.
“But brilliant!” Dorian said. He smiled happily and jumped up quickly.
“Nice to meet you Mr. Peter” Dorian said excitedly as he shook his hand.
Counselor Peter shrugged him off and gave him a dirty look. “Call me councilor Peter.” He said.
“Look Jacob, this is far too expensive. What do you plan to do with something like this?” CC asked.
“Explore the galaxy of course.” I said.
“Explore the galaxy? You are double insane Jacob.” Sasha inputted.
“Well, I don’t see any of you doing anything to expand ourselves!” I snapped at them.
“One last thing,” Counselor Peter said, “I also have made a map of our surrounding area. Along with a log of all the people I met as I got some sort of technology from them to build the ship.”
“Wait, so there is other life out there?” Sasha asked eagerly.
“Tons,” Counselor Peter responded.
Sasha’s eyes lit up like New York City at night. I felt the same connection as we did thousands of years before, in a parking structure. No! I must not think of my co-leader this way. Moreover, I can’t just dump on Emily like that either.
“We can go look at the map and log if you want, it’s on the ship.” Counselor Peter said, pointing out of my balcony.
“Sure, let’s go” Sasha said excitedly.
We left with Dorian and Sasha following eagerly, CC in a pit of pure rage, and me observing their interesting reactions to all of this.
“What is the name of your ship anyhow?” CC asked, irritated as we exited the palace into the courtyard.
“The SS Conquer thanks for asking.” He said, looking over his shoulder.
Today was going to be great, everything is coming together. This is when it went wrong.
As soon as we stepped out of the gates that separate the palace courtyard, to the village of Er. Which by the way, the village is the only civilization in the Upperworld, for all it holds is the palace and the village itself. I heard police sirens coming fast towards me. I saw Spade’s police chief car pull up and out came the man himself. He looked dead at me and said. “Jacob, we have a problem.”
Chapter 14: Edwin
This strange guy and I are now inside the ship I found the skull in. He didn’t talk much, but his leg is badly hurt so I helped him get over here. When we got inside, he made his way to the hologram. Instead of the strange message it gives me, it looked to Dark and said, 
“Ah, Dark you are here.”
“Yah, I’m here Tasio, what do you need?” Dark said
“Well, I just wanted to give you the coordinates to light.”
“Alright, well go ahead.” Dark said impatiently.
A moment later, a piece of paper printed from a slot along the wall. Dark read, chuckled, and put the paper in his pocket.
I decided to go for my question now.
“So, what is with this skull?” I asked
He just stared at me and said.
“Where did you get that?” He said
“Over there.” I pointed to an empty shelf.
Dark then rubbed his chin and thought for a moment.
“I know where you can find out.” He said
“Where!” I asked with excitement.
“The covenant moon base code named Huka.”
I blinked.
“Okay…” I said. “If I repair your ship can I use it?” I said
“Yah, sure, I am staying here anyways.” He said.
I then nodded and headed for the door.
Right before I was about to leave, I heard him say.
“What did you do on Salus world?” He asked.
I paused and turned.
“I was a general for the opposite side during the Snowstorm war.” I said with a confession.
“And so you led a revolt against the creator?” He asked.
“What! How did you know that?” I asked with half fear and half confusion.
“I have my ways.” He said, taking off his left boot.
I then turned back to the door and left. I walked back to my base and the rest is self-explanatory. For two months I slaved away at fixing the ship, once I had finished it, I was ready to go.
As I stood by the rocket ready to leave Elisa came up to me.
“Well then, this is a good bye, Sir.” She said.
“Oh no, I am coming back.” I said.
“No, the truth is, I am done hiding, and I am going back to the mainland. I will let the creator do with what he wants to me. I thought one day you would truly love me, but now I know that’s not possible. I have no reason to hide anymore.” She said.
I was stunned. Elisa… loves me?
All I can do is just stare. She finished this eccentric moment by walking away into the jungle. I never saw here again.
I climbed into the jungle and was about to hit launch when I hear it. Chanting and singing. It was peaceful… The Er’s were chanting in the forest. This only motivated me more, for the creator is using these peaceful creatures as massive robot weapons. If this skull can help me, then I will need to find out how to open it. I then hit launch and I am off.
Chapter 15: Jack
Coldness, that’s all there is in this God forsaking wasteland. Snowstorm is the biggest planet known to Saulineins; it’s huge and is mixed with a heavy atmosphere that doesn’t allow the warmness of the sun to come in, but instead gives off a small, constant shine that lights up the place. They decided to put a bunch of bases here. Each one is literally 1000 miles apart. Because of the gravity shield around Salus world, Snowstorm is the only way to get in and out of the planet.
Going back to the bases, each base is called Edo Base number… whatever. For example, I am in Edo base #3. Each base has five troops, two snipers, one engineer, and a cook/medic. All of us are in charge of our own base. We run it well and we are all friends. Well, that is the other troops and I am. There is Samantha, Lilly, Charlie, and Frank. I am Jack. I don’t know much about Lilly, Charley, and Samantha; but Frank and I are best friends. I know that he is a photographer trying to make ends meet. That’s why he enlisted. That’s all there is to the guy. I am your average soldier, big muscles, brown hair, and stupid enough to enlist in the first place. I guess I had no problem considering this is what I was meant to do, fight. There isn’t any action here, though. No fighting what so ever, that all changed one day.
“Frank go get the cards, I am going to show you how to really deal a deck.” I said as we sat around a table drinking coffee.
“This should be good,” Samantha said as Frank got up and got them.
“Alright, let’s see…” Frank was interrupted by the radio going off.
“Code Major! Code Major, Edo base three come in!” The radio screamed.
The cook picked up the transmitter.
“This is Edo three what’s the problem?”
“Edo base one and two have been compromised, I repeat Edo base one and two are in enemy hands!” The radio screamed.
The five of us looked at each other.
The cook continued. 
“Who is the enemy?” The Cook asked.
“Boss look!” One of the snipers yelled.
We all looked out the glass that separated us from the warmth of the base, to the coldness of Snowstorm.
Outside the window were giant robots that were crashed down and broken on the ground.
“Ha!” Frank said. “Looks like the cold was too much for them, they don’t have special suits that protect us from the cold like we do.”
The Cook then said. “Mount up everyone, turns out Franks wrong. The enemy has deployed troops just like you and me. They have suits, weapons, and are a threat. There is one last important detail; they hit us with an EMP strike, so our speeders have been destroyed. So, unfortunately, you five have to walk to Edo base two and take it back. From there we can more safely retrieve you. I won’t lie either, some of you will die. God rest your souls, and remember that you are doing this for all the good things that our Empire stands for.
We all got suited up and got outside.
I look around me in the cold basin. It was foggy so you couldn’t see far. We knew which way we had to go only with the compasses in our helmets. We looked at each other and through my radio transmitter, I said.
“Let’s get going then.”
We trudged our feet, one in front of the other slowly making our way across miles and miles of nothing but white ground and sky. It was brutal, but we did it for the love of our country. After what seemed like weeks, something happened. Our five bodies were trudging across the cold front when Charley hit the ground. His glass bubble, which kept the cold out, and the oxygen in, shattered into pieces. Through the reflection of those pieces, I could see my future, death.
“Crap, seriously!” I yelled, “This is terrible, how could such a ‘great’ leader like Jacob do this to us!”
“Calm down Jack,” Frank proclaimed, “there is a solution to this.”
“Really, Frank, last time I checked when you die, you die!”
“That’s not what I mean, I mean that we can all get there and be done if we work together.”
“Man! Forget this,” Samantha yells, “I am going back!”
I was surprised, since I thought that no one was more upset than I was.
“Samantha, we have to stay together.” I said passionately.
“You just said that there is no way out of this, I am going to not die.” She yelled with tears in her eyes.
Then she ran off into the distance. Frank was going to run after her, but I stopped and said.
“Save your energy, we’re going to need it.”
We then moved on. There was little conversation after the incident, when we would set-up a little camp along the way I would watch as Frank took pictures of our camp and the surroundings. I even saw him take a shot of Charlie before we left. I know exactly what he is up to.
After another week or so, my speedometer read one thousand miles. We were here, but no base.
“Are you kidding me?” Lilly screamed, “We are off track for rea…”
She was interrupted by a gunshot. We all quickly hit the ground. The fire wasn’t meant for us. Another shot, this time I saw the red glow in the fog.
“That’s where the base is.” I said through the coms.
“Well then, let’s go. We have the best element.” Frank said.
“What's that, the element of surprise?” I asked sarcastically.
“No the element of bullets,” Frank said as he cocked his assault rifle.
We all slowly made our way to the base, crawling. I looked through my binoculars and got a good look at one of the guys standing guard. He was smoking a cigar, with no suit on. He was in a plain outfit, outside.
“What the hell?” I asked.
“Look,” Frank said as he pointed to a small object on the ground.
“I think I get this, they are defenseless unless they have their robots; so they are building something so that they can win this battle.” I said.
“Well, all the better reason to attack them now.” Frank said.
I nodded and looked back through my binoculars and saw that the guy was absent now. I frantically scanned the area only to hear.
“Get up fools.”
We slowly got up and turned to see three people in suits, different from ours, but for the same concept, pointing rifles at us.
They led us, guns to the back of our heads, into the base. When we got inside, they removed our helmets. They had modified the base, which is very similar to my own, so that they could build this thing to win this battle. There were four people working on a big metal contraption with many tubes running along the side of the gray box.
“I walked one thousand miles, for this!” Lilly yelled.
The man I observed earlier was now standing in front of our faces. When Lilly made this remark, he pulled out a freshly sharpened hunting knife from his pocket and led it to Lilly’s neck.
“Yes, you did.” He said as he smiled and slip her throat.
It was clean though. I was tempted to yell, but I got a different idea. Since they didn’t bondage me yet, only Frank, I kicked the guy in the head and took his knife. I held him down as the soldiers tried to shoot me, and instead shot their commander. I then threw the hunting knife straight into the eye of one of the soldiers, after that I grabbed the small pistol from the general’s pocket. I fired one shot and one soldier, and another at the remaining one. I then jumped up and grabbed the knife from the eye of the soldier I just threw it at. I used the knife to cut Frank out. I then heard someone clear their throat and I looked up.
There stood the four people I mentioned earlier with more guns pointed at us. They didn’t speak, but I looked around. Since I knew that the base was divided into two parts, one cargo and the other sleeping, I had knowledge that there was an emergency button that separates the cargo from the sleeping. It cannot be re-opened without the medics/cooks permission code. The catch, the button is behind the guys with guns.
I took the knife in my right hand and aimed it with my right hand.
“Put the knife down, now!” One of the engineered said firmly.
I simply winked and said, “Sorry guys, I don’t trade bullets for steel.”
I then threw it towards the button. The next part happened in almost slow motion. One of the engineers fired a bullet from their pistol and the knife hit the button. The bullet flew through the air and the gate slammed down. The bullet slowly crept up past the bottom of the gate and barely passed the metal frame on it by an inch. The gate closed, and the bullet headed straight for my right arm, It penetrated it… hard.
“Argh!” I yelled out. Frank then kneeled down and started to examine the wound.
“Oh man, this is bad.” He said.
“Call for help gosh darn it!” I screamed.
Frank nodded and stumbled up. He headed for the window at the front of the base. I couldn’t stand the pain much longer. I then watched Frank pick up the radio. It all went black.
Chapter 16: Jacob
After hearing the news from Spade, we all went straight to the SS Conquer. Spade stayed behind, but the four of us did not. We all stepped onto Counselor Peter’s platform and went up into the ship. The gates opened and for a moment, I was in awe. The landing deck was humongous. It had enough room to fit at least three Upperworlds.
The gates are in the middle of the whole deck, so I was able to see the whole area. To my right was a bunch of strange objects, the things that caught my eye were a rail system that ran from one side to the other, and a room right past the rail labeled “Naic’s Office”.
“Who is Naic?” I asked Counselor Peter.
“Why he is my most trust worthy companion? He is in charge of this whole deck; we can introduce you two later. Right now, we need to get to my office.”
To my left were two of the same looking blue guards I saw earlier. They were guarding a door which I assume leads to Counselor Peter’s Office. I am right.
As our floating platform lands we all walk swiftly to his room. When we get through the doors and onto the inside, I am astonished. There is a red carpet that leads from the door to a desk, the carpet catches my eyes because on the edges are the same gold outline as earlier. The back part of this moderate sized room is smaller than where the door is. This, I assume, is because this room is located in the front of the ship.
“Why is this room smaller on the inside than the outside?” I ask.
“Because I designed it that way,” Counselor Peter says as he sits down in his chair and presses a button. It opens up a hologram screen in which Counselor Peter starts to press buttons and modify things.
“That’s cool what is it?” Dorian asks, excited.
“It’s called, a computer.” Counselor Peter responds.
“Could I try this office sometime?” Dorian asks.
“No! Let me make this clear, I will do anything, and everything, that you leaders ask me to do. But no one, under no circumstances, will ever sit in my chair.” He said very seriously.
“Rea...” I said, but was interrupted.
“Yes, I am for real, now please sit tight for we are about to enter snowstorms atmosphere.” Counselor Peter said.
“What! We already left?” I asked.
“Yes, it was designed so that every ride is a smooth one. We never feel a take-off or landing, that’s because of the hydraulics.” Counselor Peter says.
“I’m not going to ask.” Dorian says.
Counselor Peter then gets up and walks out, we follow him.
The desk looks a lot different, the gates are now wide open, and we are exposed to Snowstorm.
“Are you insane? Snowstorm has literally not heat! It is the coldest anything will ever get! And you have the gates open?” Dorian flips out and yells.
“Along my journey I found a race of alien species who have a spray time object that can trap air, and heat inside an enclosed space. So whenever the gates are opened, this stuff is spraying away.” Counselor Peter explains.
I look onto the deck. There are tons of people zipping about. Some holding cargo boxes, others with clipboards counting the boxes. I look across the flight deck and see that the office I saw earlier is open. In the doors place is someone in a full armor suit with a white base and blue and red stripes going down the torso. The helmet worn has a similar design. It is white with a red stripe design going from the mouth to the ears, and the nose to the eyes. On the top of the helmet is a pull down binoculars, and a radio came to the right. It is a full-fledged marine from the looks of it.
“Who is that over there?” I ask Counselor Peter as I point over to the sighting.
He looks slowly and examines the view for a moment. Then it hits him and he speaks.
“Ah, that isn’t a who, that is an it. And that it is Mercenary Naic.” He says with confidence.
“What the heck is a Naic?” CC asks.
“It stands for a Neutral Artificial Intelligence Coordinator. And it is in charge of the whole deck.” Counselor Peter responds.
“So you have a robot in control of your whole deck? Isn’t that risky?” Sasha asks concerned.
“Not as risky as having a dimwit running the floor and someone getting hurt because of it.” Counselor Peter responds with a sly grin.
We then slowly make our way over to the office. When we approached the close proximity to the office door, Naic saw Counselor Peter and straightened up.
“How can I help you, Sir? I am rearranging the cargo just like you asked me.” Naic said, in a very human like voice I might add.
“Yes Naic, it’s very good; I need you for something else other than cargo.” Counselor Peter said.
“What might that be?” Naic asked.
“I need you to pull out a map of Snowstorm and set-up a table right out here.” Counselor Peter said in an assertive tone.
Naic immediately went into his office and, a few moments later, came out with an electronic device in his hand, which I recognize as an information storage device for things such as maps and languages. 
It then pulls a crate over and sets the gadget on top of it. It motions for us to go about our business and walks back in the office.
Counselor Peter turns on the map and starts moving all kinds of things around. I see tons of yellow dots, but two red dots catch my eye.
“What are the red dots for?” Dorian asks.
Counselor Peter responds, “Those are the bases which have been taken. Looks like Edo Base one and two. I think I should send a speeder out to take…”
He was then interrupted by a radio transmission not far from us.
The radio sounded “Hello! Is there anyone out there? I am Frank of the Salus Empire army regime; I have taken Edo Base two just like I was asked to.”
“We just got here! I haven’t given any flipping orders yet!” I said with confusion.
The radio continued even though I spoke.
“My friend Jack is badly injured; we are requesting any help we can get.”
Counselor Peter has a transmitter of his own that he has pulled out by this time. He presses the button on the side of the microphone and speaks.
“This is Counselor Peter, I am the… er…” He stutters.
“General…” I said with annoyance in my tone.
“Yes, I am generally of the Salus Army Regime and we are sending some speed troopers out to assist you. Before you come back to the SS Conquer, we need you to take back Edo One. Do you understand?” Counselor Peter exclaimed.
“Yes, I do, I will await their arrival. There are some bandages here; I will try to fix up Jack as best as I can until then.” The radio responded.
Counselor Peter looked up from the crate and watched as Naic pulled its arm to its mouth and spoke.
“Four speed troops to Edo two, take back Edo One and report back here.” We all heard over the loudspeaker system.
A moment later some fast moving objects flew passed us with great force. I didn’t have time to see what they exactly were, but a good guess would say that they were four speeders.
I turn back to the others. Counselor Peter now has a map lined up of Edo one. He is talking to the others of some plan. My attention is drifted to something in the distance. Outside of the shield that protects us from the absence of heat outside I saw an army, literally, and armies of soldiers coming closer and closer to where I stand.
I turned quickly and yelled, “They're coming!”
Everyone’s head shifted towards me, then outside.
There was chaos on the deck. But not the chaos that you would expect, no, this chaos were planned. Everyone ran for a position. Some suited up to go outside, others got on speeders, and other grabbed ammunition for a weapon that was truly a work of art.
The SS Conquer was loaded with a heavy cannon that was so big that it went from the rail in which it lays on, all the way up to the top of the gate that leads outside. On this cannon is a control panel, in that control panel sits Naic.
The cannon weaved back and forth on the rail, and after getting it warmed up, it was ready for action. A barricade was set-up along the entrance inside the ship.
Then, all the chaos dissipated. It was still. Our side, and the others, just stood at their posts and waited.
Then the moment we were waiting for happened.
“Come out General, whoever you might be, let’s have a chat.” Someone yelled from in front of the soldiers.
Counselor Peter looked at us and then me. He looked at me as if I knew what to do. The thing is, I don’t.
“Go on.” I said.
Counselor Peter took a deep breath, and walked. Past the crate, the cannon, the line of soldiers, and right in front of the barrier that held the warmth inside the ship.
“I am here.” Counselor Peter yelled.
The person that was yelling earlier was now right in front of the Counselor.
“Who are you to speak to sternly to me?” Counselor Peter asked.
“I am the general Edwin of the Bionics. That’s not important though, what is important is that I want your map, the one that you collected over your travels.” Edwin said as he pulled out a cigar and proceeded to light it.
“I am sorry, but you’re not getting that. How else may I help you?” Counselor Peter asks with a grin on his face.
“That will be all then, I will see your head on the end of a gun since you wish to not comply with the creator’s demands.” Edwin said as he turned his back to Counselor Peter.
The men that fortified themselves on the ship pointed their guns at Edwin, but Counselor Peter held his arm out and yelled.
“Stop!”
The men were stunned.
“There is no honor in killing an unarmed man.” Counselor Peter said.
Edwin, who still has his back to us, dropped his cigar into the snow, and smashed it with his foot. He then walked behind the line of men and yelled.
“Kill them all, and take no survivors!”
Gunfire roared throughout the battlefield. Naic started firing his cannon into the enemy lines, bodies flying everywhere. 
I heard Sasha immediately start breaking down into tears. I grabbed her as she almost fell to the ground. I held her in my arms and tried to calm her. The tears were flowing down her cheek and onto my shoulder.
Counselor Peter motioned for us to all go into his office. When we did, it was just the four of us. CC and Dorian were arguing about something by Counselor Peter’s table and I kneeled in the corner and brushed Sasha’s red, tear filled face.
“Why do we never talk anymore Jacob?” She asked me.
“I have just been busy, ruling an empire and all.” I said shyly.
“I don’t care why you’re busy; you just never loved me.” She said with a confession.
“I did, but now I can’t. It wouldn’t be fair to the other…” Sasha’s lips interrupted me.
Her kiss was exactly what I imagined. Her arms were around my back and my hand was in her hair. I don’t know how long it was but I heard the arguing and the bombing outside, stop.
At that moment, we pulled away and just starred at each other. Her eyes reflecting in mine, and my eyes reflecting in hers was perfect. I only with this could work.
“No.” I said letting go of her and forcing her to fall on her back.
She looked back at me coldly.
“I know, but you owed me that.” She said.
A moment later Counselor Peter came in.
“It’s done.” He said.
The four of us walked out and saw the blank stares of everyone; they were all directed towards me.
I looked around and saw a guy in a standard Snowstorm army regime suit standing in front of the crowed.
To my right was another being treated for, what looked like, a gunshot wound.
Everyone stood with their arms to their sides, waiting for me to speak.
The words came natural to me.
“This past week has been insane. First, we lost two bases, and then we were attacked on this very ship. The reason that we are still intact, and not out there in the cold, is because of all you guys. None of you gave up. I want you all to remember this day. The day Snowstorm was attacked, the day we were threatened as a people. This is the day we took a stand against the odds. Together is what won this. For those who are in the dark, such as our enemies out there in pieces, remember this.” I continued, 
“Darkness isn’t feared because of the shade. It is simply the fear of the unknown. In darkness, however, there is life. Darkness doesn’t halt movement and energy. It just hides it. Which is how I know thorough out the darkness that is cast upon us, there can still be life. Thus, no matter how much you bring someone down and put the darkness with them, they can live, and shine upon you. Then the one, who was casting a shadow beforehand, will be in the darkness of their creation. For those of you, who end up on top; remember when you were on the bottom, for that is the key to leadership.”
I stopped. Everyone stared at me. Then, there was a clap, another, and another. Soon everyone was clapping. Then there was a cheer, and another, and another. Then everyone was cheering.
The chants of all the soldiers caused joy and pleasure among the ranks. Everyone rejoiced and celebrated, for we had won.
I looked over at Sasha and she gave me a sly grin and smiled.
I walked over to the man I originally saw standing in front of the crowed. Through the yelling and cheering of everyone, I managed to have a conversation with him.
“Are you Frank?” I asked the man.
“Yes, I am, Sir.” Frank responded
“So what did you do that got him shot?”
“We were told to walk from three to two Sir.”
“Well, we never gave that order.” I alerted him.
“With all due respect, Sir, who did then?” Frank asked with concern.
“I believe his name is Edwin, who works for the leader of the people that were killed here today.”
“Well, I am done with all this fighting; all I ever wanted to be was a photographer.”
“Well then you stick with that, after today, I am going to give you your own company now.” I said with a smile
Frank got excited, but kept his cool.
“That is great! Thank you so much!” Frank exclaimed, “But what about him?” Frank asked as he pointed to the man being bandaged by the medic.
“I will take care of that. Good luck to you Frank.” I said as I patted him on the shoulder.
I then walked over and kneeled down to the one being bandaged.
“And what’s your name hero?” I asked calmly.
“That’s none of your damn business! You’re such a fake Jacob, you and your entire phony comrades. You’re only in it for yourself. Whoever elected you ruler anyway? You talk about being great and heroes, yet you gave an order that took three people’s lives! One was killed right in front of me!” Jack yelled.
“I didn’t give that order, it was given by the enemy general of the people out there! “ I yelled as I pointed to the corpse’s right outside the ship.
“Then I guess you suck, you can’t even secure your own coms! I want to get out of this crazy planet, this stupid empire, and this pathetic ruler named Jacob!” He yelled.
Jack then spit in my face. I proceeded to clean where he spat.
“So be it.” I said as I walked away and towards Counselor Peter.
“Make sure he ends up somewhere not here, okay?” I said, irritated.
“Yes Sir.” He said. I then started to walk away when I heard him speak again, “And there is a call for you in my room sir.”
I then turned around and asked,
“Who?”
Counselor Peter sighted and said, “The creator Sir.”
My heart skipped a beat and I proceeded to walk into the room.
There was a chair waiting for me by Counselor Peter’s chair. I sat down and pressed the button on his screen that said ‘resume transmission’.
There it was. I couldn’t see the face, for it was darkened. When the Creator spoke, the voice was modified.
“It’s nice to finally talk to you Jacob.”
“What do you want?”
“Well, I would like to congratulate you.” The Creator said with a modified dark tone.
At this point I plugged a GPS transmitter I built to track things. It was at twenty percent when I looked up.
“For what?” I asked.
“For beating me in honorable warfare of course.”
The tracker was at fifty percent.
“Well, we now know I can defend myself.”
“Yes, and you can make one heck of a speech to.”
“What! How did you know about my speech?” I asked with concern.
The Creator simply leaned back and said,
“It’s called ears, for my general didn’t get killed. He was let go by your general.”
I was getting frustrated, but when I saw that, it was at seventy percent I forgot all about it.
“Did you destroy Earth?” I asked.
“Such heavy questions for our first meeting, but yes I did.” The Creator remarked.
“What do you want with us?” I said, getting frustrated.
“Simply what was mine in the first place, Jacob.” The Creator said with a calm tone.
“What was yours?” I asked, but was interrupted by a green light flashing on my tracker.
I read the screen, five times. What it said shocked me.
The transmitter that the creator was calling me on had a code in my system. It was labeled K5. K means super important, 5 means the fifth. The Creator is calling me from a transmitter, built on Earth, and was given to an important person. That important person was fifth of something. This couldn’t be.
“You have Michael!” I yelled at the screen.
The Creator’s shadow sat up straight and said in a shocked tone.
“You are a smart one Jacob. If you must know, yes, I have Michael. Not for too long though, I have no need for him in the upcoming days.”
There is a pause.
“Well, I must go; it was nice speaking with you. I will make sure to send pictures and a recording of Michael’s last moments on this miserable existence.” The Creator said, ending it all with a laugh.
The screen went black before I had a chance to say anything.
I quickly ran out onto the deck. I looked Counselor Peter straight in the face and he understood that something was admitted.
“First drop us off in the Upperworld. Then I want you to take your ship, and its crew, and fly to Bionic world and arrest the Creator, your next mission is to find a prisoner he has named Michael. Michael has black hair, I don’t know what he will be wearing, but make sure you come back with the two.” I said swiftly.
Counselor Peter saluted and said,
“Yes Sir!”
The other three leaders came to me after I walked away from Counselor Peter.
“What do you mean The Creator has Michael?” CC asks inquisitively.
“I mean that I just had a conversation with him and he told me that he had Michael, The Creator also told me that he was going to rid of Michael here soon.” I said concerned.
They all looked so stumped and helpless. It’s a good thing I am here to make these decisions for them. We just sat there and stared at each other for a few good minutes. In this time span, the gates closed and the ship took off. Halfway through our trip the silence was broken.
“What do you plan to do when, or if, Counselor Peter brings the creator back?” Dorian asks.
“I will figure that out then.” I said with a bleak and bitter tone.
The rest of the trip was silent, with the exception of the ruckus caused by Counselor Peter’s crew admits their stations.
We reached the Upperworld, the ship’s gates opened and the four of us, and some other crew, stepped out onto the floating fortress.
Counselor Peter walked us out and waved goodbye and the ship flew off and disappeared into the blue sky.
Everyone walked away and went about their business. I went to the palace to get some sleep, considering the sun was setting.
Chapter 17: Dorian
Not all of us have the pleasure of having our homes in the Upperworld. The three of us CC, Sasha, and I, would have to take a taxi down. These taxies can fly by the way.
This night it would be different though. We are going to a party to celebrate our victory. Jacob, of course, is not invited.
“Tell me again why we didn’t invite Jacob again?” Sasha asked impatiently.
“Because he is a buzz kill and would ruin a party like this.” I said, irritated.
“I don’t see how someone who just saved every single one of us doesn’t deserve an invitation to a party in his own city!” She yelled.
We were in a limo, and if you couldn’t tell by now we are heading to a party in Salus City. It was just CC, Sasha, and I in this little trip. CC remained quiet, as she has been ever since we grouped together a while back. Sasha seemed to migrate from being Michael’s problem, to mine. I hope when he comes back, that will change.
“He didn’t save us Sasha! He wasn’t even there! The citizens of Salus saved themselves. No one gives credit to Jacob anyhow he is too overpowered.” I said.
“Overpowered! Are you crazy? You, yourself, said that he can do with the empire as he wished.” Sasha yelled.
“Yah, but he didn’t count all the factors. His plan was fool proof up to the moment people died on his watch.” I said.
“You expected him to be attacked by Robots?” Sasha said even more irritated.
By now, Sasha was imprudent with her words, but it doesn’t matter since I don’t owe her anything.
Sasha was going to yelp something else at me, but instead she pouted back in her seat.
Outside the window, I could see the lights glimmering in the sky. The party was about to begin. Once we got there, we can have expensive food, wonderful dancing, and great social talk. I can live the high life, just as I always intended.
Our driver called out to us.
“Now listen here, we are going to go through the front like you asked. There will be a blocked off area going to the entrance of the dance hall. A few men will lead you up to the event. Hopefully everything remains in check.”
I nodded at the driver through the mirror of the car.
“And Sasha dear, wipe up those tears we don’t need a scene.” The driver demanded.
I chuckled as Sasha pulled out a small rag from her purse and wiped her face.
Finally, the limo pulled to a stop and the doors of the limo opened.
Cheers of adoring people roared as we stepped out.
For the first time I had a chance to see what the girls were wearing.
Sasha had a red and gold strapless gown. It has a slit going from the waist all the way to her high-heel boots. Her hair was braided into a bun, strips of hair dangled and wrapped around her gold circular earrings. She walked with the stride of a woman who could take on the world. Too bad, she isn’t that way for real.
Next was CC. Compared to Sasha she had a bland look. She had purple and blue tennis outfit looking dress on. She had flatfooted shoes on. His hair wasn’t anything nice, it was just put down with a wavy texture to it.
As for me, I had on the basic black and white suit. We may be on a new planet with a new culture, but fashion hasn’t changed much.
This has been just like the red carpet moments that I remember seeing when I was a child back on Earth. The only catch here is that there is no news. No media, no reporters, and no microphones being crammed into your face asking you what you are wearing tonight. This is because we only became an empire a few months ago. It is that simple. In the near future, I can see a few people step-up and see what happens with our fresh empire, but for now, I think we are all just riding it out.
We step into the dance hall in the city of Salus city and I am astonished.
In this set-up, there are people everywhere, lights of all different colors flashing around me, and an array of tables’ set-up by the front door.
To my left is a bar. To my right are the restrooms. In front of me lay a staircase leading down into the dance floor. With so much to do, I decide to go to the bar first.
I quickly lose sight of Sasha, but I don’t care.
When I make it to the bar, I sit on the stool that has been bolted to the floor. I don’t speak, but I motion for the bartender to get me a drink, which I pointed to.
Money is not an object at the moment, since we have an awesome economic set-up.
CC designed an economy with simplicity in mind. It’s called Studs, small pieces of metal with a code on it. It stands for something like Standers to understand…I can’t remember now. So, basically, one stud can feed you for a meal; three can feed you for a day. Ten studs can get you ticket to a place like this, twenty a car, thirty a house, and so on.
It’s very simple, yet very effective. So far, I have had to do nothing and I get to be called an executive leader, which means no money problems for me.
There are three executive leaders, and here’s a hint, they are at this party right now. Jacob has all the power, all the executive leaders deal is a title.
Since CC made the economy, I can thank her for all the luxuries as well. Jacob has done nothing to help me what so ever. That is why I plan to get some people together and put this system to good use.
For now, I have had enough to drink. Therefore, I walk away from my empty glasses and drop five studs on the counter. Well over what I drunk, but it’s all the same to me.
I then walk over to the dance floor and start to join the crowd of people going in on the rave style dance floor.
The new age of Saulinein music is a mixture of electronic music, piano, and abstract noise. It’s like listening to the static from the TV, Beethoven on the Grand, and someone fell out on a keyboard.
It’s strange to my Earthly ears, but a bunch of alcohol will do strange things to this entire ruckus.
I danced for a while, got into the mood, and after yelling a few times and spinning around I fell on the ground and watched as the world around me shriveled into a black abyss. I blacked out.
Chapter 18: Jacob
The morning after we were dropped off at the Upperworld, I was alerted of something that truly devastated me.
I seemed to have lost my robe that I usually wear around the palace. Now I didn’t have attire appropriate for today. I would have to just deal with jeans and a T-shirt.
After I got dressed, I walked down from the top of the palace and into the gardens below.
I made my way to the gates that lead to the Village.
When I got passed the guards, I wandered about the village. There were carts darted upon its small boundaries. Some had pottery; some had fresh fruit, while others had books. These were books published by a mysterious figure known as The Assassin.
I bought one of these books and read the first few pages.
The book talked about a prediction of the near future. This mysterious author talks about someone over ruling me and taking the government in a better direction.
I was alarmed by this. I ran to the nearest citizen and asked.
“What do you think of me?” I asked distraught.
Their response shocked me.
“I think you are doing nothing but wandering around the Village reading books, eating fruit, and talking to citizens. You could be finding out who killed all those people on Snowstorm. In fact, there is tons of stuff you can do.” The citizen said angrily.

I didn’t have time to respond, as I heard the roars of sirens coming my way.
The police chief’s car pulled up right next to me. Spade has these close drives, ups in his soul. He wouldn’t be the same without almost hitting someone.
Out jumped a worried Spade.
“Jacob, Dorian has been arrested!” Spade yelled.
“What! Why would you do that?” I asked.
“I didn’t, it was Sasha!” Spade yelled.
“Sasha? What happened, tell me everything.” I demanded.
“Well…” Spade hesitated.
“First there was a party last night that everyone except for you was invited to. Then Dorian started rambling about how he was going to overrun you. Then he got drunk and passed out. Now I have an angry girl, in a gown, running my prison.” Spade confessed.
“Thank you for telling me this Spade. Let’s go get this all sorted…” I was interrupted.
A shadow was cast over me. The wind brushed by me and I looked around. Everyone was looking… up.
I was afraid since I didn’t make any plans to have more Counselors come to my aid
I slowly looked up and saw the unimaginable.
A huge, round, object blocked the sun from my sight.
It stood there and stared at me until I did something.
I couldn’t do anything though.
I waited for a few minutes until people started whispering. Nothing was happening.
Then, out of nowhere, there was an opening.
Now a smaller flying object was coming towards us.
I was freaked out. I know nothing about this insertion.
How did it get through Snowstorm without me getting notified first?
The smaller object was in sight now.
It was about as big as a van back on Earth.
It landed quietly and softly on the flat ground of the Upperworld.
Another quiet minute passed as I stared at the… thing…
I looked to my right and saw that Spade was gone. I would have to deal with this on my own.
After looking back, I saw a crack that was forming in the structure. The crack slowly grew and light came from the inside. The crack opened wide enough to the point where I could make out a tall figure and a short one in the light. We just stood and stared at each other.
“Hello? I am Jacob, leader of Salus World. We mean you no harm, we want peace.” I called out.
The two figures stepped out and what I saw was truly odd.
The taller figure was a tall person made of steal. Armor of plated metal surrounds the body, protecting it from something that might do some serious harm.
The shorter figure is the complete opposite. This looks similar to us with two arms, two legs, a body, and a head. It has a lot of paint, colored with different colors and braids of hair going down the chest. I can make out that it is a male, I assume.
We just stare at each other for a moment.
“How do you do?” The short one asks.
I jump back.
“How can you talk my language?” I asked, frightened.
“When you called out to us, we understood the English perfectly.” The taller one said.
“May we speak to your designated leader?” The short one asked.
“That is me.” I said cautiously.
“May we go into a more private location?” The tall one asked.
I nodded and headed for the gates.
The three of us headed into the garden. Then through living room, and up to my bedroom.
From there I pulled out two chairs. I sat on my bed, and they stood.
It was quiet for a moment.
“Let me start by introducing ourselves.” The tall one said.
“I am Daravitch of the Covenant, and this is Nyco of the Chips.” The tall one said.
“Okay… So how can you speak English?” I asked.
“Because I invested a lot of time on Earth. Daravitch has a device that is translating.” Nyco said.
“We are sorry for not coming sooner; the two of us have been trying to tie up some loose ends from Earth.” Daravitch said.
“Loose ends?” I asked.
“That is none of your concern, what is your concern is you tell us how you came to be.” Daravitch said.
“Came to be?” I asked.
“Yes, how did you get here?” Nyco explained.
“We crashed.” I answered.
“Hmm… I see.” Daravitch said as he looked around.
“Well, I hate to tell you this, but now that you have an Empire the protection of the Covenant is not given anymore.” Daravitch said.
“What protection! You never protected me!” I yelled.
“You mean you aren’t from the reservations?” Daravitch asked.
“Reservations?” I asked.
“Never mind.” Daravitch said.
“Do know about a person named The Creator?” Nyco asked.
“Yah, I was attacked by him a while ago.” I answered.
“Really, what happened?” Daravitch asked excitedly.
“I will only answer your questions if you answer mine.” I said with confidence.
“Fine, shoot.” Daravitch said with impatience.
“What are the reservations?” I asked.
There was a pause. Daravitch then sighed and said.
“We take all the little empires that can’t help themselves and we put them in an area. We protect them from anything and everything, but once they leave, that’s it.” Daravitch said.
“So you guys are like the protectors of our… galaxy?” I asked.
“No, not galaxy, square.” Daravitch said.
“Square?” I asked.
“In all good time friends. Now tell me, where are you from?” Daravitch asked.
There were then footsteps in the back.
“We’re from Earth.” Someone called out from behind them.
They gazed, and then shouted at me.
“What! You are humans?” Daravitch yelled, “Are you the last survivors?”
“What! You mean no one made it to Alpha-Centari?” I asked.
“Alpha-Centari was my planet. Once the rockets landed, we killed them all. We were the ones who planned for Earth to be destroyed.” Nyco said with satisfaction.
“No more questions were going to take you now.” Daravitch said with hesitation.
I jumped back and the two started towards me, however, they stopped dead in their tracks a moment later when they heard a call out.
“Wait!” Counselor Peter yelled out.
They turned swiftly.
There stood someone with a black hood over their head chained to Counselor Peter. Dorian, CC, and Sasha stood behind him.
“What is this?” Daravitch yelled.
“We captured The Creator.” Counselor Peter said.
“You did what?” Nyco exclaimed.
“Yah, Jacob told me to go and captureThe Creator.” Counselor Peter said.
“What about the other thing?” I asked.
“There were no prisoners there Jacob.” Counselor Peter said.
“Well, enough chat, let’s take this bag off already.” Daravitch said as his metal arms reached for the bag.
“If this really is the creator, then we have one heck of an interesting conversation on our hands.” Daravitch said.
We all watched as the black came off. When the hood was exposed, we all stared at the face of the person who destroyed the earth, attacked our empire, and took my friend.
Chapter 19: Counselor Peter
As I watched the Upperworld disappear into the distance, I felt worried. I have no clue what is going to happen in the next few days. I was worried for the lives that I am putting at risk for my leader. I have no doubt that other people are starting to lack confidence in Jacob, I think I might be leaning that way as well.
Nevertheless, I do what I am told. It is going to take until nightfall to reach the planet, I won’t return to Salus World until tomorrow morning. There is no real deadline, so I am not worried.
I was standing on the deck still. Therefore, I made my way to my office. Walking through the maze of walls, I reached the door. Inside the office, I sat on my chair, put my feet up, and dozed off a bit.
I don’t know how much time passed, but I was awoken by a shy voice.
“Counselor we need you to come to the engine room.” The voice said.
I quickly hopped up and stared at my intruder. In was none other than my Engine manager Shelby.
“What’s the problem Shelby?” I asked Grogy and tired from slumber.
“The dust has been exhausted.” She said with disappointment.
“Well then, let’s go fix that.” I said slowly making my way for the door.
We walked through the maze of walls and out onto the deck. The deck had small commotion admits. There were only a small handful of people working. The rest I told to rest, they are going to need the energy later.
We crossed the deck, passed the closed doors of Naic’s office, and into the engine room.
Once inside the engine room, I saw the metal pillars smashing together with nothing between them to smash. I saw a furnace cold and burn out, and finally a distraught Shelby.
“Your problem is that you used up all the special coal.” I said.
‘Well, yes… I put in one at a time in the furnace until I had none left. We are not even half way there so I am worried since there is no coal left.” Shelby said.
I looked at her with disappointment.
“Shelby. I will explain this one time, and only one time, more. You take the coal, but it’s the smashers that are hitting each other right now. Take the coal dust and put that in the furnace, it will then release a gas, which you trap in a bag. When the coal dust burns out, you take the bag, and burn that. It’s super-efficient and we could travel halfway across the galaxy on five pieces. It’s not the average lump of coal you know.” I said with annoyance.
She looked at the floor and kicked a nail that was laying on the ground in the corner.
“Yeah, I remember now…” She said saddened.
“Now, there is more coal up in storage. Go and get some and come straight down here and start the furnace back up.” I ordered.
“Yes, Sir.” Shelby said, relieved.
She then ran out of the engine room.
I looked around a bit. I then noticed Shelby’s office door was open so I decided to take a look.
Clean, everything was clean and in place. There were categories, place cards, and charts. Shelby keeps her office organized and tidy, the catch; it’s too clean and tidy.
After I was satisfied with the look through, I went to close the door. Something on the shelf by the door caught my eye though. It was a metal disk with a hole in the middle. Upon picking it up, I saw a label with something written on it. The label read, “V-Log 10”. This was very odd to see in Shelby’s office.
“I found that when we were in the Upperworld.” Shelby’s voice said.
“What is it?” I asked.
“I don’t know, none of my devices can read it.” Shelby said.
“That’s because it is on an old Earth device called a DVD.” I responded while still pondering over the disk.
“Well, do you have an electronic scanner for it?” Shelby asked.
“No Shelby you do not understand, on earth they weren’t as developed as us now. They would put this in a box and it would transmit to another box with glass and pixels and stuff.” I said, frustrated.
“Pixels, what are…?” She said, but I interrupted her.
“Come with me to my office.” I said after I had lost it.
We made our way across the desk and into Nais’s office. Nais was in the corner turned off, I didn’t bother waking it up.
I pulled out a small television and DVD player out of a box in a panel built in the ground. Shelby didn’t question the panel at all.
After getting it wired up, I put in the DVD in the player. To my surprise, the v-log was none other than Jacobs.
It started out with a desk filled with piles of paper stacked up high and some flowing off the desk and onto a nearby file cabinet.
After a few moments, I saw Jacob from the corner of the screen. He made his way behind the desk and into the chair. He stared straight at me and spoke.
“This is the final v-log I will be doing. All I have to say is that these dreams are becoming less and less frequent. At first, I thought the notebook was a sign. It turns out that it is just stress. After this whole series of logs, I have been talking about a conspiracy I think is going on between Dorian, Michael, and Corith. When Counselor Peter returns with Michael, I plan to question him accordingly. Something is going on and I plan to figure out what project launch really is. My final thing is that I fear a revolution is admitting. Fewer people are starting to lose hope in me, including you Counselor.” 
I was stunned. This video not only was recent, but it is directed towards me.
I turned back to the screen.
“Remember that I gave you all your power and I can take it away just as easily. Make sure you come back with something. Just to let you know Michael is not a priority. I want the creator; I want the one who destroyed the earth. Those are your orders, follow them accordingly.”
The video stopped and Shelby and I stood awestruck for a moment.
I then spoke,
“When did you say you got this?” I asked.
“Right before we left to the snowstorm, that’s the last time we were in the Upperworld for longer than a few moments.” Shelby said.
None of this made sense. What is Jacob’s notebook, who is Michael, and what the heck is project launch?
All of these questions would have to wait 
“We’re here Sir,” Nais said as it turned on.
That’s what I love about robots. You and an engine manager could be crouched over their desk with weird devices hooked up to each other and they won’t question it.
“Line all the soldiers on the deck, and make sure you turn up the sound shield so they don’t hear us. We’re going in Trojan horse style.” I said.
Nais nodded and walked out of the office.
I then put the TV and disk player back into the panel in the floor.
“What do we do now?” Shelby asked.
“We don’t talk about it whatsoever, that’s what.” I said.
Shelby slowly nodded and walked out of the office.
I took a deep breath and straightened out my robe before I made my way out of the office.
I swiftly walked down the deck and towards the line of soldiers along the rail of the SS Conquer.
Nais was standing in front of the line, as well as the commanding officers.
I turned to Nais when we got there and motioned to have a private word with him.
“What is it, Sir?” Nais asked as we stepped aside.
“There has been a change of plan, you and I are going straight to the palace where the creator is while they duke it out here.” I said.
“But if I leave then I can’t leave the shields running around the ship, we would stand a chance of losing some men in that case.” Nais said concerned.
“I know.” I said as I turned towards the commanding officers of the solders.
The ten of them saluted me.
“At ease officers,” I said as they put their hands down.
I then explained to them, “Okay, so here is the dilemma, Nais and I are going to go take care of something else somewhere else. As you know that means the shields will be down and you will have to fight outside of the ship. It’s your job to defend the ship while we are gone. If for some reason we lose and the enemy is making their way to the sip I need one of you to press this button.” I said as I pointed to a remote in my hands, “It will close the ship, and fly it back to Salus World. Do you understand me?” I asked with heavy tone.
“Yes, Sir,” The officers said with certitude.
They then turned to the line of soldiers and did their speeches. I looked back at Nais.
“What is the time until planet contact?” I asked.
“One minute and thirty seconds.” Nais said with a monotone.
“What is the status on the sound barriers?” I also asked.
“Ready on contact sir,” Nais answered.
I nodded and swiftly turned to the soldiers as they saluted their officers after a pep talk or something.
We all then stared at each other.
“Can we use the cannon Counselor?” One of the officers asked.
I hesitated a bit, but finally answered.
“That’s fine with me, but only qualified people should be manning it.” I said with a stern manner.
“Thirty seconds.” Nais said.
It was dead quiet.
We all stared at the big gates that would lead us to the battlefield and waited.
“Ten seconds.” Nais said.
I breathed calmly.
“Nine”
I could feel my heart pounding heavily.
“Eight”
Faster
“Seven”
I started to think of things I said wrong
“Six”
The mistakes I have made
“Five”
My pulse increased.
“Four”
Think of all the people that could die if I didn’t tell them anything!
“Three”
It’s too late now, or is it?
“Two”
Yeah, it’s too late
“One”
Here we go.
We were all jumped a little off the ground as we made contact with the ground below.
There was the sound of metal clashing together as the cannon rolled across the rail into position.
It was a good thing this whole place is sound proof though. It would give away what we are doing in here.
I looked to Nais, who motioned for me to come to it. Nais whispered to me
“Sir, you need to put your armor on.” It said with concern.
I felt scared for a moment and quickly ran to my office.
I pressed a button on my desk and all the furniture went into the walls and floor.
Arms came out in their replacement, for these were the arms that were putting my gray, greenish heavy metal armor on.
It was styled for moments like this.
The armor has full coverage of the hands, feet, body, head, and torso.
This was my battle armor for occasions like this.
Since the armor is put on with an air lock, the machines do the work. Well, that and I don’t want to myself.
After a speedy change, I was all suited up.
My desk, screen, and most importantly, my chair came back.
I smiled at the furniture that popped out at me and swiftly fled my office.
When I got outside to the deck, everyone was in their position.
Everyone was waiting for my order to begin the assault.
“Nais!” I called from my position, “How long have we been on the ground?” I asked.
Nais then responded,
“About a minute”
“Well, we better hurry or this assault isn’t going to be much of a surprise.” I said.
“Open the gates!” I yelled to the gate guard.
After a swift nod, the big metal doors slowly slid open.
On the other side was an army of drones waiting for a confrontation. Luckily, there were no Bionics, the giant robots that attacked earth, nearby; however, there were tons of robots everywhere. This would be a challenge.
After a moment, which seemed like an eternity, passed they clashed.
Shots fired, blood and metal were flying everywhere.
I looked to Nais, who threw me a shotgun and a magnum pistol, my two weapons of choice.
On the deck, there were a few tanks and jeeps lined up waiting for the opportunity to charge the enemy. On the other side of them, over by Nais’s office, was a speeder waiting for us.
Our driver was none other than the armored pink and cameo green Shelby.
“You’re our driver?” I yelled over the sound of war in the background.
“Get in,” She said, totally avoiding what I asked and smiling while doing it.
Nais and I hopped in and we zoomed off.
We turned right and sped away before anything could react to our dismissal.
I had a semi side mission that I planned for myself. Scout while I am on my way to the palace.
We landed in a desert region so it was flat all over. After we rushed past the building on the ground, I could see more clearly that there were more reinforcements coming from the other side.
I deemed it appropriate to radio back to one of the officers back at the battle site.
“Officer Bliley this is Counselor Peter,” I yelled into my voice com.
“This is Bliley, come in Counselor.” He responded.
“There are tons of reinforcements coming from the east, so load everyone up and attack a different region if you need to; I am giving full control of the ship movement to the ten of you.” I yelled, through the sound of the speeder engines, into the com.
“Will do sir, good luck,” Bliley responded.
I looked over to Nais and asked,
“How long until we get to the palace?”
“We landed a bit far from the capitol so I am going to say at least fifteen minutes” Nais responded.
I then leaned back and breathed a breath of calming air out.
“So counselor, why the sudden change of plan. I thought we were going to make a campaign through the Empire until we got to the capitol?” Nais asked.
“Because we have to capture the creator, by the time our campaign would have reached the palace the creator would have ditched.” I lied.
“No, it’s actually, because we found a secret log that Jacob left for the Counselor from the past.” Shelby intervened.
I quickly lashed over and turned off Nais.
“Are you crazy?” I yelled at Shelby.
I opened up Nais and began to erase the information it just received.
“I thought your right hand man should know the truth.” Shelby said.
“You need to be quiet Shelby. You could be eliminated for knowing too much, you know that right?” I yelled.
“Jacob wouldn’t do that.” Shelby said.
“Jacob is over powered; just like all the other leaders in history, they all become corrupt. His peers gave Jacob all this power, so now he has been corrupted. He can do whatever he wants.” I said with anger and haste as I put Nais back together.
“You’re wrong, Jacobs different, he is going to prove you all wrong eventually. He saved us from Snowstorm; he can save us here as well.” Shelby said.
“The problem is Shelby; Snowstorm was an attack on us. This assault is Jacobs doing.” I said.
“Counselor, this assault is defending ourselves against a force that attacked us, a force that killed our people.” Shelby yelled, frustrated.
“You’re wrong, you saw the video. Jacob only wants his friend back; he doesn’t care about any defense.” I retorted.
She was going to say something else, but the speeder stopped.
“What the…” Shelby said, but she was interrupted by the barrel of my gun.
“Get off.” I said.
“Wha…” Shelby cried.
“Get off!” I ordered.
She then left the speeder and I went in the driver’s seat.
After I took off, Nais turned on.
“Tell me again, Counselor, why didn’t we just get a driver?” Nais asked.
“Because it would be quicker if I rode.” I said as I smiled and looked straight ahead.
“Sir, my databanks feel strange. There is a gray area since we left until now. I thought I remember someone driving us.” Nais said with confusion.
I forgot to wipe it out for longer than a few minutes. It’s too late now. Nais can only be turned off every few hours; I am just going to have to roll with it.
“It might be some minor malfunction, maybe when you woke up you didn’t boot up correctly.” I answered.
“Yeah, you’re probably right. By the way, the palace is going to be on our right here in a few moments.” Nais said.
I then looked. There is a colossal mountain in the distance. It looks different from the palace on the Upperworld, but I guess everyone isn’t like Jacob.
I directed the speeder in the direction of the mountain, aiming us straight for the side entrance.
We studied this place pretty good before we got here. If our records are correct, then there is a secret entrance here soon. We can take it all the way to the palace until we run into the creator while he tries to escape.
“There it is!” Nais yells as we approach an abandoned building.
The building was a basic boxy shape with red clay bricks falling off the decayed side.
There were two windows with no glass in the side of the walls that still stand.
On the side closest to us, lay a hole that looks like it was created from an explosion.
Inside was a keypad.
After breaking the keypad with the blunt side of my shotgun, I rearranged the wires and a secret hatch opened.
Down Nais and I went.
When we crawled down and the hatch was closed it was pitch black.
We turned the lights on our helmets on and started walking down the pipe.
We didn’t get too far until we saw a rail going through the next part of the pipe in front of us.
After observing the scene more closely, I could see a key pad connected to a metal bar going from the rail to the pad.
There was a green button and a red one.
I looked at Nais and shrugged, implying I didn’t know what is was for.
So I hit the green button, nothing happened.
I then hit the red one and I could hear a faint noise in the distance.
I can’t make it out very well, but I could tell that is was getting closer.
Nais and I looked at each other.
Then a light dimmed into existence on the other side of the tunnel.
My heart was pounding faster than ever before.
The light and sound was at its peak when we heard the sound calm down.
I could hear the release of steam as a small wooden cart with old rusty rails came screeching to a halt in front of the rails.
We just stared at each other and back at the wood.
I stepped onto it and looked at Nais, who was hesitating.
“Come on, this is so we can travel to the other side.” I said through our voice system in the helmet.
“I am not sure, it was pretty loud.” Nais said with hesitation.
“Have it your way, you can wait here.” I said as I reached for the green button.
“No, no, it’s fine, I will come.” Nais Quickly responded as he went in the cart with me.
I smiled and hit the button.
I expected the platform to take us to the end of the pipe.
It did just that, however, it did it as super high speeds.
As the cart flew around corners, I could feel my stomach not agreeing with the force.
By the time I realized that we stopped, Nais was already off and looking at a metal wall in front of us.
“That was one heck of a ride.” I said with nausea.
“It didn’t bother me.” Nais said
Considering the obvious fact that Nais can’t feel most of the feeling I can, I guess I can’t argue much.
“This wasn’t in our blueprints.” I said with frustration as I pointed to the door.
“I was thinking the same thing,” Nais said as it looked all around our surroundings.
“Why weren’t we told about this door then?” I said as my tone was being raised with each word.
“Because Counselor, someone tampered with the blueprints.” Nais said.
“What?” I asked in denial.
“Yes, someone did, and it was probably whoever you kicked off the speeder on the way here.” Nais said.
My heart skipped a beat. It didn’t make sense, I wiped its memory.
“I am picking up your increased brain activity and pulse rate. You don’t have to be nervous; I only said that because I know you did it for a good reason.” Nais said with no expression.
“How did you know that? I altered your memory.” I asked
“Because you didn’t shut me off, so I went into emergency mode.” Nais answered.
I was silent.
Nais then started on his rant again.
“I take back what I said. The blueprints weren’t modified; there is something bigger than that. The answer lies in the creases against the door.” Nais said as he pointed to the edge of the metal door.
“The reason the blueprint didn’t have a door here is because, when we did the scan, there was no door here.” Nais said.
I gave an odd and confused look.
“You see… this door was closed for some time when we scanned the planet with probes, and now. My theory is that whoever you kicked off is working with The Creator. Thus, this is a shortcut to where we need to go, that’s why it was shut off.” Nais said.
“Well then, let’s go back and go to the palace instead.” I said as I turned to the cart.
“Wrong again Sir, if we go back then we will do just what The Creator wants, we will walk right into a trap.” Nais said in a monotone.
“Well then what do you say we do?” I said with frustration.
“Go through the door.” Nais responded with a smile.
I stared at it with a serious grin on my face and tapped my foot a few times.
Nais got my hint.
“You see, this door is meant to open from the inside. With that in mind, and the fact that it is made out of blast door material, this door should open if there was an explosion from the other side.” Nais proclaimed.
The grin did not go away.
“How are we going to make an explosion in there from out here?” I asked with the sure look of no hope in our future.
“Simple, I need you to call the SS Conquer and do a reverse EMP on our area. This is a blast door so that means there is tons of electronics on the other side, thus a reverse EMP would cause all the electronics to explode.”
My grin was bolted away and replaced with a smile.
With a click of my fingers, I pulled out my communications device from my belt and gave the order.
I then looked at Nais.
“Whoever designed you did a good job.” I said as I laughed.
The joke is that I designed him.
“Yeah, it’s really funny when the creation is better than the creator!” Nais said with a sly come back.
The smile on my face disappeared as I reached for the button on the side of the communications device and gave the order.
“Okay boys load up and fly to the palace, on the way do a reverse EMP drop on the coordinates 5, 11, 48.”
The device then responded.
“On our way, after we get on the ship our ETA for the drop will be thirty seconds.”
I put the device back on my belt and looked at Nais, who was still grinning.
“I hope you don’t like your job too much.” I said as I grinned slightly.
Nais turned serious in an instant.
Then I replaced the silence with laughter of my own.
We waited a few minutes until it finally happened.
There was a shake and I heard an explosion.
A moment later, the blast door opened.
Inside was broken computer, shards of glass, and progress.
The room was that of the size of an earthly bedroom.
The broken computers were dug into the concrete walls.
There was a wooden table laid in the middle of the small room.
It has nothing but wear and tear on its foundation.
That table seemed to symbolize these empires are old, disregarded, and about to be destroyed.
I pulled out my assault rifle and fired multiple times at the table.
It was in wooden pieces after a few minutes.
“Okay, I am glad you resolved your issues with that table. We have to go now; the entrance to the palace is right behind that door.” Nais said as he pointed to a door across the room from the one we entered from.
“Let’s go then.” I said as I made my way forward.
Before I turned the knob, however, my com device fluttered with words.
“Counselor, the place is flooded with ground troops; we don’t have enough support to take on the crowed.” A voice of one of the commanders said.
“I know I want you to look over the blueprints and find the prison, when you get there take all the prisoners onto the ship and go back to our meeting point at the deserted village.” I commanded.
“Sir, there is no prison on the blueprints.” The commander told me as I looked towards the door in front of me with eager eyes.
“Then just go to the meeting point.” I ordered.
I clipped the device to my belt and walked through the doors.
I was ready to finish all of this.
When I went through the door, I stood in a hallway filled with darkness.
The only light came from the corners in which floor lamps were placed.
From where I stood, the walls stood diagonal going up until the touch of a flat, dark ceiling.
It was hard to see, but I can make the outline of someone at the end of the hallway.
“I’m so glad you finally arrived.” The voice called out.
I paused, shrunken by the lack of words; I managed to stir up,
“You’re under arrest.”
A laugh, but not from us, it was a sinister laugh from the opposite side of the dark hallway.
“Now, now, let’s not be so abrupt. You are looking for Michael, the prisoner? Yes…” The voice called out.
“That is none of your concern.”
“Alas, it is.” It called out as lights fluttered on.
Now it was so bright I had to flinch as the light poured into my eyes.
When my eyes adjusted, I could see my fate.
I could see the evil man now. I could tell the creator is male now.
He has black hair, just a little past his ears.
As for attire, he has a combat suit similar to mine.
I noticed how similar the creator looks to all the other Saulineins.
I figured the creator was going to be a half robot half man or something.
I couldn’t see much more, for he jumped at me.
I fell to the ground; a fist was raised ready to be pounded into my face.
The anger on his face was so pure and so evil.
He was determined to stop me; however, his plan failed when a voice asserted itself.
“Stop!” Nais yelled.
It had a small pistol aimed right for the creators head.
The creator turned to Nais and yelled,
“What! He entered this room alone, where the heck were you?”
Nais smirked,
“It’s called cameo.” Nais remarked.
The creator sighed, stood up, and gave in.
“Now, why is there no prison in your palace?” I asked.
The creator looked up at me,
“Because, on my planet if someone does something wrong they are eliminated. I don’t waste my time with prisons.” The creator said.
“Then where are you holding this Michael guy!” I demanded.
“Take me back to Jacob; this will all make sense later.” The creator said.
I raised my fist aiming for his head. I was stopped though.
“Counselor!” Nais intervened, “Let’s just go back, we have our primary. We can always come back.”
Chapter 20: Jacob
In this room stood six people, first there was a Daravitch leader of some Covenant. Then there was Nyco, leader of a Chip Empire. There was me, the leader of the Saulineins; Spade, Police Chief of Salus World, and Counselor Peter newly appointed General of Salus world; finally stood Michael, destroyer of the earth, and one of the five leaders.
“I’m feeling better Jacob.” Michael said through the handcuffs that chained him to a pillar.
I stared at him, speechless.
“Spade, why is Sasha holding Dorian at your station?” I asked.
“She said that he was stirring up trouble at a party last night.” Spade responded.
“I want you to get the other three and send them here.”
“Right away Sir,” Spade said as he took off down the stairs.
“Counselor Peter, what is going on with the empire?” I asked.
“To tell you the truth, people are starting to doubt your leadership.” Counselor Peter answered.
“Why did you rename your race, Jacob?” Michael asked.
I turned to him and slapped him across his dirty, little face.
I then returned my gaze to Counselor Peter,
“What do you think of me then?” I asked.
“I don’t know.” He responded.
I turned my gaze to Daravitch,
“You're quiet now, a moment ago you were about to arrest me for being human.” I said.
“You have captured The Creator; he is one of you, apparently, so I am astonished that you have not released him yet.” Daravitch replied.
“That’s because I’m not a human anymore.” I said with a serious grin on my face.
“That’s why I asked…” Michael tried to interrupt but I kicked his back, causing him to groan and be silent.
“As for you, Nyco of the chips, why are you dressed in paint and clothes of odd formality?” I asked as I turned my attention to the final presence in the room.
After a moment of silence, Nyco responded.
“The chips are one with nature. We don’t have all the technology that your kind does. We live in small communities on our planet.”
“If you don’t believe in technology, then why did you go here with Daravitch?” I asked.
Nyco paused for a moment, then resumed.
“Because we had an agreement, a long time ago, that he would protect me.”
I rebutted,
“What do you have to do in return for this protection?”
“Watch humans.” He exposed.
“Ah yes,” I said, “By the way Alexo said you are a good leader.”
Nyco’s expression turned from calm to anger.
“Daravitch! He killed Alexo; I told you these people are no different.”
“Alas, your wrong, Alexo crashed in my backyard one night. He was badly injured and I gave him some flowers I had outside, Alexo ate them, and then was healed. We then talked for a bit and he told me about you guys. He then told me that I was different then everyone else, I had what it took to be a leader. Minutes later, he died from rust poisoning. His last words were, ‘Tell Nyco he is the best damn leader there is’” I revealed, “After words I did a dissection on him and found that he had three veins.”
Nyco stared blankly at me.
“So that’s how you did it.” Michael said.
I then thrusted at him and he flinched.
“What is project launch?” I asked Michael.
He then laughed,
“I’m not going to tell you that.”
I pulled away from his body,
“I don’t care that much anyways.” I said.
A moment later, three familiar people walked in the room.
Michael turned to them and said,
“Hey guys.” With a happy, shrill.
Awe struck CC proclaimed,
“Jacob, you found him! Why is he handcuffed to a pillar?”
“Because he is the creator,” I revealed.
The three of them all gasped in their own ways.
“It’s true; I’m the man behind the curtain.” Michael said.
We all just stared at each other.
I then diverted my attention to Sasha and asked,
“Sasha what’s with the arresting?”
“Dorian was causing trouble so I used my power to arrest him, Spade would put him inside of a cell though. Therefore, I used my power to override what he said. That’s when he took off to go get you and tell on me. He didn’t return so I waited in the prison until Counselor Peter came and said that the three of us needed to go to the palace.” She answered.
“That’s exactly what I told you Jacob.” Spade said.
“Jacob, what’s with all this stalling? What are you going to do about the elephant in the room?” Dorian asked.
“I don’t know Dorian; since you think you are a better leader then me why don’t you decide?” I remarked.
Dorian was silent.
“Well, Jacob, you don’t have a decision,” Daravitch spoke, “For I am taking him with me and we are going to punish him for his crimes.”
“What crimes Daravitch, we had a deal! You wanted all the humans dead anyhow.” Michael directed towards Daravitch.
“You are wrong; the deal was that you would all be exterminated. The people who got special rights got to go to Alpha Centari.” Daravitch answered.
“Where you would have killed us all,” I added.
Daravitch stuttered a bit,
“Uh… yeah,”
“Okay then, take Michael I have no use for him.” I said.
Daravitch nodded and transferred the handcuffs on the pillar to a part of his suit.
Right when Daravitch was about to step down the stairs, that lead into the hall that would go outside, he stopped and turned to me.
“This conversation isn’t over Jacob. When I am done with this current situation, I will return and I will tell you what all of your fates are in this existence.” Daravitch said.
When he walked out, I told Spade to leave as well.
When it was just the four leaders, I spoke,
“I am working on a four way government, me being in charge isn’t going to happen anymore.” I announced.
“Jacob, we need you though.” Dorian cried.
“Dorian you are such a hypocrite, I don’t even care for your opinion anymore.” I said.
“I don’t know how it will work, but I will think of something.”
They nodded and Sasha smiled at me.
“Sasha you are Dorian have a restraining order for now.”
I said with no content.
Sasha laughed, so did Dorian.
“That’s not necessary Jacob, we have resolved things. I have had a change of heart after this meeting anyhow.” Dorian said as he leaned on Sasha’s shoulder in a playful manner.
“I don’t care,” I remarked, “I’m still the dictator remember.”
We all started laughing at my remark. It was good to be happy again, after all, things were starting to be good around here. All I need to do in change Daravitche’s opinion about us, and letting Salus stay. That is not going to be an easy task, I have time to think about it though.
A few weeks passed, it was quiet with no issues.
Counselor Peter was able to relax for the first time since his return.
We played cards one day, in fact.
With The Creator out of my way, I didn’t have anything to worry about.
The only thing was Daravitch, but I captured Michael, he can’t argue that I am not bad.
My paradise soon ended when I got a call from Daravitch.
“Jacob, we have a problem.” Daravitch said through the phone.
“What’s the problem?” I asked.
“It’s about Michael.” Daravitch revealed.
“What about him?”
“He escaped…”
Chapter 21: Michael
As I sat in the cold, metal prison of the Covenant prison ship, I was able to think. Think about how everyone has screwed me over.
First Corith promised me that I would get to rule Alpha Centari, since he was going into hiding.
I didn’t get that, now did I?
I am stuck with a group of Colonists who rebelled from me, and a robot that acts like a child.
This sucks.
Now I was being sent to my death for something that I was told to do, destroy Earth.
The messed up part is that Jacob talks about the destruction of the earth as a tragic event, but he renamed his own race to something else.
He is a hypocrite, that’s what.
I wasn’t worried, since I always have a plan. In fact, mine is going according to plan right now.
The ship stopped moving.
You could feel it halt, as I was thrusted in the direction that it was headed, similar to when the brakes on a car are applied.
“SIR, I STOPPED THE ENGINES!” Vesion yelled through an ear communications device I had on.
“Holy crap Vesion you don’t have to yell.” I said with frustration.
“Sorry sir…” Vesion said.
“That’s alright,” I said with sympathy, “We are about to succeed with our plan.”
Vesion commented “Oh yah! I like winning. There was this one time that me and another guy were playing a game of…”
I interrupted,
“Vesion! I don’t care, just fly the ship to Bionic world, we have to begin our plan.” I said as I grinned slowly.
I am in true paradise right now.
Chapter 22: Dorian
I feel bad for how I acted towards Jacob. A part of me was just upset that I have no control over the empire. Now that Jacob is letting us be involved I realize that I don’t want to worry about all the stuff that he does. Jacob is a better man than me.
With that said,
“What the hell Jacob!” I yelled across the room.
“It’s the only way to save ourselves.” He responded,
“So you think setting up a barricade of ships in front of Snowstorm will prevent Michael from attacking?” CC interrupted, “Because remember that Michael’s robot army can't attack there, he has to send his human population.”
We are in Jacob’s palace. He was just informed my Daravitch that Michael escaped the ship he was imprisoned in. Now Jacob is concluding that Michael has some colossal plan for invading us.
“What did the covenant say they are doing?” Sasha asked softly.
Jacob sat up from his slouching position in his throne.
“Daravitch said that he is coming with an army to defend the Chips.” Jacob answered.
“What about us?” I asked ferociously.
Jacob stared me down with a cold, vicious look.
“Nothing…” He answered blankly.
At that moment, there was a knock at the door.
“Jacob I have news?” Peter’s voiced called from the outside of the door.
Since Sasha was closest to the door, she opened it for him and Peter stepped in.
After he looked around at us for a second he approached Jacob’s throne.
Jacob looked towards the visitor,
“What is it Sir?” Jacob asked with no emotion at all.
“Daravitch separated his army, half is in Chip world, and half is heading to the front of Snowstorm.” Counselor Peter said excitedly.
Jacob sprung into action.
“Good, you are going to as well, I’m coming with you along with someone else.” Jacob reacted
“Who might that be?” I asked with concern.
Jacob turned slowly towards me and stared me down, again.
“You are Dorian.” He said as he turned back to the door.
Jacob had no need to change, for he wasn’t in his formal wear. All we did was walk out into the Village.
On our way to the SS Conquer, I overheard Jacob and Counselor Peter’s conversation.
“Why do you think Daravtich would want to help us?” Counselor Peter asked.
“I don’t know, maybe because they would like an ally that could help him with the Chips. Considering that they can’t fight, and the covenant home planet is a two day fly there and back, I’m pretty sure all he wants is some help.” Jacob answered.
“How are you so sure that The Creator is even ready for an attack?” Counselor Peter asked.
“Because, he is the same person who made Africa think that. They fell quicker than the others.” Jacob revealed.
It was then silent until we reached the deck.
When we stepped onto the interior of the ship a woman wearing a skinny, full body armor suit greeted us. She didn’t have a helmet with her, but I’m pretty sure that she comes with it.
“Who is this?” Jacob asks.
“This is my engine room manager.” Counselor Peter asked.
“What happened to the last one?” Jacob questioned.
The Counselor was quiet for a moment before he answered.
“The last one… resigned.” He revealed.
“What’s with the mercenary armor?” Jacob kept questing.
“She came with it,” Peter answered satisfying Jacob enough.
Jacob rushed along the deck, two of us following behind him.
He headed through the bustling of people on the deck and into Counselor Peter’s office.
When inside Jacob touched a touch screen that was mounted on the wall of the office.
“Let me show you what we will do.” Jacob said.
As he pulled up a map of the nearby area, surrounding Snowstorm, I looked at Peter.
So determined and ready to be commanded he stood at attention.
I was different, slouched, and dressed in street clothes; I did not look like a leader at all. I looked more like a confused stranger who wondered into the wrong place in a foreign county.
Jacob drew an image of a few boxes outside of Snowstorm. I could tell they represented the ships that would save our skin in the event of invasion.
There were six boxes, one marked with a C and another with an S.
“Why do we only have one ship?” I asked.
“Because we really only have ship.” Jacob answered.
Counselor Peter smiled,
“Wrong gentlemen, we have about ten ships not including this one, along with numerous fighter ships.” Counselor Peter revealed.
Jacob gave a look of satisfaction and turned off the screen.
“Then we don’t need to worry about planning if we have those numbers, let’s get up there.” Jacob said, referring to the future battleground.
Counselor Peter nodded and stepped over to his desk and sat down.
He put on a small headset and started typing things on the keyboard.
After a minute of this activity he put his arm up to the headset and counted,
“Launch in three,” he said
A few seconds later, there was a bolt of energy that caused us to go towards the ground for a split-second. We have taken off and were on our way. A voice called out through the office and I realized it was Peter’s robot, assistant, then.
“What’s the ETA for arrival?” The voice asked.
“Five minutes until Snowstorm, and two more to get out through the other side.” Peter Answered.
He then put down the headset back onto his desk and got up.
“What’s with all the security for a takeoff?” Jacob asked.
“Because we are going to a battlefield, there are a lot of security procedures for that.” Peter answered.
“Makes sense… I guess.” Jacob answered.
We sat there and stared at each other for an awkward moment.
Jacob broke the silence,
“So could we see these ships?” Jacob asked.
Peter snapped into action,
“Yes, this way.” He said as he headed for the door.
Walking out from the office, we made our way out to the massive deck that is big enough to play two super bowls on.
I noticed something new was on the ceiling, giant arms that were on tracks rolled about going back and forth, loading crates on a pile across the way.
Then something caught my eye. One of the cranes was carrying something huge.
It was an assault ship. With gold stripes zooming down the sides, curved arches that came off the base pointing forward, and a cockpit fit for one person, I could tell one thing. There are tons of these things.
This assault ship was big, but compared to the deck, and even the SS Conquer its self, it’s nothing.
I watched as more cranes carried over more ships. After a while, I lost count, and even sooner, I realized that we were on the battlefield already.
“Dorian come on, you and I are going!” Jacob called from a few feet away.
I looked over and saw a boxy ship with glass in the front, behind the glass was a stranger I did not know. I could easily tell this was our ride somewhere.
The door on the side fasting me was open, so I walked in.
On the inside was similar to the limousines I am use to, seats along the edge of the wall and alcohol on the table in the center of the room.
I smiled and sat down.
“No drinks, I don’t know why this is all here.” Jacob said as he put all the bottles away.
My smile went away.
“Why you always got to be such a downer?” I asked.“Do you know why I brought you with me?” Jacob asked, diverting from my question.
“Because you trust me,” I answered.
“Wrong,” Jacob revealed, “I brought you because I don’t trust you. I don’t need your skills whatsoever.”
“Then why can’t I drink, I’m not a diplomat, I’m a weapons expert.” I said rebelliously.
“Because I don’t need Daravitch thinking that we can’t handle ourselves.” Jacob answered.
“Well, we actually do. If he thinks we can handle ourselves, then he would help us out.” I retorted.
Jacob was silent and stared at me.
The back wall was replaced with glass wall as the panel went up, showing us leaving the deck.
There was a jerk as we pulled away from the structure.
When we passed through the air force-field that keeps the people on the capitol ship breathing, I watched as tons of assault ships fluttered out.
“I thought Peter said that he only had ten ships other than the Conquer?” I asked.
Jacob answered,
“First of all its Counselor Peter, you know that’s what he goes by, and second when he said that he wasn’t talking about small fighters like that, he was talking about that.” Jacob said as he pointed out the window.
I then saw what we had to defend ourselves. The SS Conquer was sideways compared to the other capital ships, and the others were exceedingly smaller, but there were ten, five to the left, and five to the right of the Conquer.
Each of them had small fighter ships fluttering out of their entrances.
“Which ones are Daravitche’s?” I asked.
“They are in front of us; we can’t see them from this angle.’ Jacob answered.
Even though today might not be the best day ever, I find it amazing that just some fifty years ago we had nothing but a rocket, four people, some cloning mashies, and our wits.
I kept staring at the window until we passed even more ships to my left and right. The difference between covenant ships and Salus ships is that the ships of our empire have jagged edges and are in the shape of a triangle on top of a square, where the covenant ships are just round, and elliptical.
The covenant ships behind our own went out of my sight as the walls of our destination crowded over the side of our tiny transport vessel.
The panel closed at the glass was covered. We waited for another minute until the door opened. As soon as the door opened, we were surprised to see the armored suit of Daravitch standing right in front of the door when it opened.
“Come along you two.” He said as he turned to our right and walked off with two armed guards following.
Jacob and I shrugged and followed without question.
This ship was a lot different from the SS Conquer. First off, the entrance is not on the side, it’s on the back. Second, the whole interior is the deck. Third of all, they have fast little speeders to go around the deck. Peter should do that, I am sick of walking around that deck all the time.
After a few seconds of being tugged on the speeder that was flying around on the ground we reached our destination.
Two metal double doors with a red circle in the middle.
Daravitch took shiny, silver object out, that looks similar to a dog tag, and waved it over the red circle in the middle.
After an “Access granted” Voice called out the double doors opened.
The deck was managed by machinery, so I was surprised when the doors opened to tons of other people that look just like Daravitch, with the armor and all, rushing about their stations below the rail we were crossing.
The rail separates into two staircases on the sides, which is how to get to the computers that the people are running back and forth from.
The walls are lined with paned glass showing the black vacuum of space beyond the walls.
The others were by a door at the end of the walkway by now. Jacob turned to me and jerked his head, motioning me to hurry up.
I darted across the room and quickly got to Jacob.
The guards were at attention by the door and the three of us were now at our destination.
The room had a control panel going from the left to the right, the panel went to about my waist, and the rest of the wall was glass. The panel had tons of buttons and switches that probably do numerous things. One button caught my eye. It was red with a glass box covering it.
“What does that do?” I asked, pointing to the button.
Daravitch glanced over, and then looked at me.
“It is for our shield, the one we use if we have to protect, or contain, something.” Daravitch answered.
I shrugged and listened to the conversation Jacob and Daravitch were having.
“So here is the thing, we have separated half of our army. Half is in Chip world, and the other is here. I have a general stationed there; you can contact him through this.” Daravitch said as he handed Jacob a device that looks like a World War II radio.
Jacob inspected it for a moment before clipping it to his belt.
“Why are you protecting us, I thought you were going to deal with me?” Jacob asked.
“I was going to; my coming here was to arrest you actually. However, when I saw your navel force I thought I would give you a chance to prove yourself.” Daravitch answered.
“Prove myself how?” Jacob asked.
“First, if you can defend yourself, and second on how dedicated you are to aiding the covenant.” Daravitch said.
“So it’s all about you then?” I asked.
Daravitch turned his helmet my way and gazed at me before speaking.
“Around these parts, it is all about me.” He said.
I snapped into a pit of silence and shut up.
“What is the problem then?” Jacob asked.
“Well, if you try calling my general, then you will find that our calls are being jammed.” Daravitch said.
Jacob was wide eyed for a moment. He then picked up the device that Daravitch just gave him and held it up to his mouth.
“This is Jacob of the Salus Empire, please come in.” Jacob spoke.
What happened next was freighting.
A sound of long beeps and static responded to Jacob call.
It was Morse code, I could tell.
“What the heck was that?” Jacob asked.
“It was Morse code.” I answered.
Jacob swiftly turned to me,
“What did it say?” He asked.
“Get ready.” I answered.
Just then, simultaneous to my answer, an alarm went off.
One BEEP!
Two BEEP!
Three BEEP!
It then stopped.
Daravitch snapped up quickly and ran to the door.
“You two need to go now!” He yelled.
“What’s going on?” Jacob asked as we rushed to the door.
“My home planet is under attack.” Daravitch answered.
We stepped on the outside of the door.
“Does that mean you are leaving?” I asked.
Daravitch said, as the door snapped shut,
“Yeah”
Jacob and I looked at each other and booked it.
When we got out to the deck, we could see the robotic arms that were managing the floor flying about.
Jacob grabbed a floor speeder, grabbed me, and we slid across the floor until we got to our transport.
“Get in!” The pilot yelled.
We quickly jumped in the vessel and it took off right away.
The glass didn’t open, but I could feel the pressure as we rushed back to the conquer.
Jacob glared at me.
“What is ‘get ready’ supposed to mean?” He asked.
“It means what it says. Michael is coming.” I answered.
A sound came from Jacob belt.
“Jacob! All the covenant ships just flew off, what is going on?” Counselor Peter asked.
Jacob responded,
“They are being attacked at home, so they are defending.” Jacob responded.
The door then opened quickly and we jumped out.
Counselor Peter was standing nearby and he walked over.
“What do you mean attacked?” Peter asked.
“I mean Michael is invading them.” Jacob answered.
Peter nodded.
“What are your orders, sir?” He asked.
“Get the other two leaders on this ship ASAP. Then I want the best defensive position you can get.” Jacob ordered.
Peter diligently nodded and jogged away.
Jacob picked up the com that Daravitch gave him.
“This is Jacob of Salus, are you there general?” He spoke.
“I am here Sir, what is your status?” The com answered.
“Your home planet is under attack so Daravitch went to go take care of it.” Jacob disclosed.
There was silence.
A moment later the voice returned,
“Jacob, I have to go. They are here now! Defend yourselves, we will defend Chip world. Good luck to you.” The com said before Jacob clipped it.
“They’re coming!” A voice yelled out.
We looked out onto the side doors.
Beyond the defensive line that was set-up to defend us was an uncountable amount of lights. These lights were that of the Bionic ships, they were the same lights that stared us down when Earth was destroyed. It has started.
“What should we call it?” Jacob asked.
“Call what?” I said, confused.
“We called the invasion of Snowstorm, the Snowstorm war. What should we call this war?” Jacob clarified.
I thought for a moment.
“You know, since all the Empires are involved, we should call it the Galactic War.” I answered.
Jacob nodded,
“That’s a good name.” He said right before he started running for Peter.
From a distance, I could see Jacob pointing all around the place. Giving orders and saving out butts once again.
It reminded me when we were over by the bay the night it all ended. I told Jacob I was there for him through thick and thin. I guess I didn’t fulfill that promise, I’m terrible.
“Dorian,” CC called out from behind me. The two girls were safe there with us.
“What is going on?” CC continued.
“The war has started.” I answered.
She then ran passed me and headed for Jacob, probably for some answers.
Sasha was looking at the ground.
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
Sasha looked up.
“Spade stayed in the Salus city to defend it just in case something happens.” She said.
Two emotions ran though my head. The first was compaction for Sasha, and honor for Spade.
“He is doing what he thinks is best.” I said, trying to comfort her.
BOOM! An explosion was heard was heard. It was the sound of the cannon being fired at the line of fighting that was occurring close to the ship.
Jacob motioned for us to go into the quiet solitude of Peter’s office.
When Sasha and I walked in there was a heated discussion going on.
“I say we wait and hold this off!” CC yelled at Jacob.
“You're wrong, we need to press forward and turn this from defense to offense.” Jacob snapped back.
“You can’t just risk all these lives for the chance at beating these things.” CC retorted.
“She is right Jacob, we are doing fine here. We can hold them off fine.” Counselor Peter intervened.
It was an interesting debate, but a new factor would change it all.
“Jacob!’ Called the general at the Chip world through the com that Jacob was given.
Jacob picked it up and spoke into it.
“What is it?” He asked.
“We are being overrun. I have already lost most of my troops, but I managed to slim them down pretty good. They are going to win, though. I’m afraid we have been outdone, Chip world is doomed.” The com responded.
Jacob’s head fell.
The room was silent. This was that moment where we all shut-up and let Jacob make all the heavy decisions, I have a feeling that it is going to be that way for a while.
“I should have seen this coming. Get the covenant out of the way, and then attack us bear boned. That’s how Michael works.” Jacob said as he grabbed the back of his hair.
The room was still quiet.
“What should we do?” Peter asked.
“How am I supposed to know? Why am I making all the decisions around here?” Jacob yelled.
“Because you are the only one strong enough to do it Jacob,” Sasha’s soft sweet voice said.
Jacob sighed.
“I know what to do, but you’re not going to like it.” Jacob answered.
It was silent. Jacob looked up and stared at us for a bit. After taking a breath of air, he spoke,
“We have to pack up and defend the chip world.” He revealed.
“What…” Peter said, stunned.
Jacob looked stone cold at him.
“What about Salus world?” Peter asked.
“It will be attacked.” Jacob answered.
“What the heck Jacob! Don’t worry about the freaking Chips! Screw them; let’s worry about ourselves for once.” I snapped.
Jacob looked towards me emotionless,
“First off, we only think about ourselves. Second, if we do that then Daravitch will kill us anyways.” Jacob answered, “We have no choice.”
“Chip world is a day away; we will never make it in time though Jacob.” Counselor Peter said.
“No, there is a way.” A voice called from Jacob’s waist.
We all stared at the com.
“We Chips can move our planet faster than you can imagine. However, we don’t want the Bionics to find out. Therefore, we will move it somewhere close to you, you can park yourselves outside of the planet, and we can go back. The Bionics will never know what hit them.” The com responded.
We all looked at Jacob.
“You heard it! Get to it!” Jacob ordered.
Peter sat back down in his chair and took the headset out again.
“Nais! Back everything up and fly to coordinates 45, 87, and 98!” Peter ordered.
Without question, Nais answered.
“It will take ten minutes Sir until we are packed and then two minutes to destination.” 
The com on Jacob’s belt responded,
“We will be there in fifteen minutes.”
Jacob walked out of the office and I looked to Sasha.
Bug eyed, she said,
“This is going to be crazy.”
I smiled.
A little while later, we retreated and were at our meeting spot. I was standing, along with our team of five, by the airlock, waiting to see if a planet will actually appear.
The countdown clock read five seconds.
4…, 3…, 2…, 1
A flash of light blinded us. We all looked away and it went away quickly.
When the light went away, I looked back. There stood the planet.
It is so magnificent. One giant continent makes up the planet, from this side at least.
There are clouds puffy like cotton candy, with swirls like the ones that are formed when you unplug a bathtub and the water is draining.
Just then a clash from the side of me sounds. I look and am alerted when something is flying toward me. I don’t have enough time to react, it hits me, and I black out.
Chapter 23: Jacob
I was morning now. Throughout the night was fighting. Since I was still alive and now cold, dead, I could figure that we won the defense of Chip world.
Before we went to the planet, a crane that was, transporting cargo ended up dropping something on Dorian’s head and knocking him out.
When we got to the planet, we met up with Nyco, the Chip leader, at the major city Nut City, and got a private room.
I didn’t sleep very well that night.
Counselor Peter stayed up on the ship the whole time, defending Chip world as if it was our own.
When I awoke from slumber, I made my way out of the room and across to Dorian’s.
When I opened the door Dorian, Counselor Peter, Nyco, Sasha, CC, and Daravitch were all talking.
They looked at me.
Daravitch stood up and bowed.
“Sir Jacob, I commemorate you for your sacrifices. After your defense last night, you were able to defend Chip world. I found at, however, that it was at the cost of your own Empire. After hearing that I have decided to grant you and your people freedom, you may now rule yourselves with no problems from Nyco or me.” Daravitch said through his helmet.
Nyco walked over to me and shook my hand,
“It’s good to be on the same side Jacob.” He said.
I grinned a bit and finally asked.
“What happed on Salus?”
Counselor Peter stood up,
“I’m sorry to say this, but, the palace was destroyed.” He said,
I stared blankly at them.
“That's it?” I asked.
I started laughing.
“I was going to destroy it anyhow!” I said, “We have him beat!”
Daravitch intervened,
“Yes about that by the way. My plan is that we head straight there, use the SS Conquer as a decoy, and attack the palace. Capturing the Creator and forcing him to shut off his army.”
“Well, let me get changed at let’s go.” I said excited.
Rushing back to my designated room, I put on a fresh set of clothes that were waiting for me on the nightstand.
After getting changed, I walked out into the hallway.
They were waiting for me.
“Let’s go,” Counselor Peter says.
We walked promptly and with purpose down the hall.
When we got outside there stood an amazing scene.
There was a red and blue carpet, the two colors the Salus Empire, leading onto the scraped up, dented, and obnoxious SS Conquer.
There were thousands of Chips, Saulineins, and whatever Daravitche’s race is, all cheering us as we made our way down the carpet.
When we reached the ship, Sasha was tearing cries of joy.
I looked her straight in the eyes and put my arm on her shoulder.
As I brushed my face against hers, our lips touched.
The kiss got all the cheering people to quiet down.
After a few seconds, I pulled away,
“I don’t care if we are together or not, I am glad just to be with you,” Sasha said.
I smiled and we hugged.
I then placed her onto the SS Conquer and the troops loaded on. When everyone was on board the Ship flew off and we waved to the Chips that cheered us on.
“You call that a kiss?” Dorian whispered into my ear as he passed.
I smiled a bit and turned around to everyone.
“To Bionic World,” I called out.
Everyone cheered and I looked back to the airlock.
As I was watching the stars with Sasha in my arms, I felt wonderful.
My moment was interrupted my Daravitch,
“Jacob, I need to have a leader for General meeting in Counselor Peter’s office.” He said.
I broke away from Sasha and she didn’t look back as I walked into the office.
When I got inside, Counselor Peter was in his chair and there were two more chairs set up on the other side of his desk.
“What is this all about?” I ask.
“Now that we are on the same side, I have some information to tell you,” Daravitch said.
We both sat down.
“Go ahead.” Counselor Peter said.
Daravitch looked at us and started,
“First of the Covenant isn’t an Empire. It’s an organization ran by three different races. Our job is to house small empires in a specific area so they don’t get in the way of things. My race is called the Elorites. The reason that we wear all this armor is because our skin is over five thousand degrees. If we were exposed to you, me, and everyone around me, would perish. Moving on, we worship a group of immortal being dubbed The Forever Knights. They are in charge of keeping the center of our existence, The Spark, safe. The area that you live in is made up of four galaxy’s, on each corner. On the bottom left is where the Milky Way is. The bottom right is where Alpha Centari is, the top right is where the Bionic’s are, and finally the top left is where Salus World is located. We call those four galaxies The Hub. To imagine our universe think of four boxes, two on top of the other two. The bottom left is where the hub is. The top left is where the covenant is. The top right is where the reservations that we keep the small empires are, and finally the bottom right is no man’s land. That is where no civilization has colonized before. Finally, a galaxy in the middle of these boxes is massive. It is called The Guilt Spark that is where the Spark is located. It has three rings. The inner ring has about one hundred thousand planets and asteroids, the center ring as five hundred thousand, and the outer ring has somewhere around one million planets or asteroids.
Counselor Peter stared at him.
“He is lying.” He said.
“You dare question me?” Daravitch snaps.
“What you said is correct, but when you were talking about the universe, you were lying. That’s not as big as it gets.” Counselor Peter said.
“And how do you come to the conclusion?” Daravitch asked.
“There is another layer after the four boxes you talked about. I like to call those four boxes Bravo, keep that in mind. Go out a little and imagine one huge box below three smaller boxes right next to each other. On top left is the Alpha, the top middle is Bravo, and the top right is Charley. The big territory on the bottom is delta.” Counselor Peter said.
Daravitch sat for a moment before speaking again,
“What he says is the truth.”
I jump up,
“Oh, you knew it was bigger than what you said?” I asked.
“Yes, but I didn’t think you knew, so I wanted to keep it a secret as much as I could.” Daravitch revealed.
“How big is everything?” I asked.
“Even I don’t know that, honest.” Daravitch replied.
I sat for a moment.
“How did you help destroy Earth Daravitch?” I asked.
Daravitch looked at me and put his metal arm on the back of his chair.
“Let me say this once Jacob, I did not help destroy Earth.” He said.
“Why do you keep lying Daravitch?” I said, “When we were on your ship back at Salus world you talked about a shield that you can use to contain something. I don’t know how you did it, or when, but you put that around the Earth. That’s why when I tried to send probes to Alpha-Centuri; they disintegrated, because your shield was in the way. When we were leaving, after the Bionics attacked, we passed the moon with no problem. You turned off the shield because you had a deal with someone, that person was probably Corith.” I said.
Daravitch sat for a moment again,
“Yes, that’s what happened, but I didn’t help in any way. They wanted to destroy the planet because they could take it over. When they contacted me about it, I agreed and let them go to what is called the Bionic world to build the robots. When they were ready to destroy it, I opened the shield.” Daravitch exposed.
I sat quietly for a moment,
“That’s what project launches. It was the project to destroy Earth. They were planning it even in 2020.” I said frightened, “That’s why Corith said the project wasn’t launched, because it wouldn’t have been launched for another 100,000 years. This is my entire fault; I should have never given immortality to humans.”
“Jacob, you are not human. The humans were separated, you fought each other. You don’t stick together and wouldn’t stab someone in the back to benefit you. When you made that sacrifice back at Salus world, I saw that. You are not human anymore.” Daravitch said.
“You say that as if it is a good thing.” I said.
“To us it is.” Daravitch said.
He then stood up and spoke.
“We need to get to my ship now Counselor, that’s the only way we can go along with our plan.” Daravitch ordered.
Counselor Peter nodded and put his headset quickly on,
“Nais you’re in charge because we’re heading out now; have a transport ship ready for us.” He ordered.
After setting the headset down and walking to the door that leads to the deck, I spoke again,
“Counselor, what happened to the Middle World when the Bionics reached the planet?” I asked.
He turned slowly,
“Spade held a defense of the city in what is now known as The Defense of Salus World. He saved anyone and everyone.” Counselor Peter said with a smile.
I got a sly grin on my face,
“Let’s finish this.” I said, shoving past Daravitch and Counselor Peter.
Outside on the deck Dorian stood by the transport ship that was waiting for us.
“What’s going on Jacob?” He asked.
“You need to wait here while we go to the Covenant Ship. Nais is going to fly the ship someone else on the planet, moving everyone from the palace. That will give Counselor Peter, Daravitch and I, a clear shot to capturing Michael. Once that is done, we can sleep easily for once in a long while.” I answered and we loaded onto the transport ship.
Once on the inside, the door closed and the back window slid open. From there I saw Sasha in her green jacket waving to me with a smile on her face. For Sasha there are two wars, one was one and one was lost. I can tell the war for my love was lost, I can’t change that.
The ship lifted off the ground and before we took off, I saw an engineer repairing the metal pipe that hit Dorian on the head last night.
“Good thing that is fixed.” I said.
“Ha-ha, yes, good thing.” Counselor Peter said.
I turned and sat down on the seat connected to the wall.
“One last thing to do and we can be done.” I said.
The ride was not that long considering the Covenant Capitol ship was close to our own, and it was going in the direction of our transport vessel.
When we touched down on the deck, the back panel closed, and we walked out the newly opened doorway.
Now on the deck, Daravitch grabbed a nearby deck speeder and we took off to his office. When we reached the bridge, the place where all the Elorites manage the ship, Daravitch lead us to his door.
When he was about to open it, he turned to me.
“There is one last thing I must tell you two. When my home planet was attacked, it was staged. I wasn’t really attacked, however, I found someone that attacked my moon base. I captured him and it turns out that he is a colonist of the Bionics. He is in my office now.” Daravitch said as he opened the door.
There, in the middle of the floor, sat a tied up, in a medal foldable chair, a person of similar structure to my own.
“What is your name?” I asked.
The man waited before speaking,
“My name is Edwin.” He said,
It then hit me; he was the general that I saw on snowstorm.
“Why did you attack the Covenant Moon base?” I asked.
“Because I wanted answered, and someone said they would give it to me if I attacked the base.” He replied.
“Did you get the answers?” Daravitch asked.
“No.” He said shamefully.
“You want answers to what?’ I asked.
He looked to my right. I looked to; when I looked, I was astonished. It was a skull. The skull had a green cover over it.
“What is it?” I asked.
“I’m not sure, but a person by the name of Dark told me if I invaded the Convent moon base, then I all my questions would be answered.” Edwin replied.
“Did it?” I asked.
“No, he took my ship after Daravitch came.” He replied.
“Then it looks like your friend took advantage of you, and by the way, I’m not letting you off the hook just because of that.” Daravitch intruded.
“What are you going to do then?” Edwin asked.
“Extermination,” Daravitch promptly responded.
Edwin’s face was quiet and he looked to his lap.
I looked to Daravitch and motioned for him to step out of the office.
When we got outside, I spoke.
“Do you think I could take him with me?” I asked.
“What for!” He said with a question.
“I want him to work for me,” I answered.
He thought for a moment.
“You do owe me one.” I said with a smirk.
“Alright, I will let you, but I don’t want any of my people to see him. I also need to write a letter to me clarifying you saw him get exterminated.” He said.
I nodded and put my hand out.
“Seems like a deal to me,” I said as I shook the metal hand with a smile.
After out short dissertation, we stepped back into the room where Edwin was.
I looked him straight in the eyes.
“I am going to take you with me, back to Salus world; you can be my scientist and study that thing as much as you want.” I said.
Edwin gleamed at me with meaningless emotion. He then returned to his original lumpy position.
I looked in the corner and saw Counselor Peter, standing there in a proper fashion with his arms crossed over his waist, signifying he is waiting for orders.
Just then, the ship halted movement and we were jerked.
“What was that?” I asked.
“We are here.” Daravitch replied.
I looked out the window above the panel.
“I don’t see a planet outside that window.” I commented.
“That’s because this is the back of the ship.” Daravitch replied as he made his way for the door.
We headed out and across the bridge.
The covenant design really intrigues me. First off, they run most everything off robotics. Second, they put the bridge in the back, that doesn’t make sense to me. They have a strong militia, so I can give them some credit.
By now, we were standing by the gate that leads to the outside vacuum of space. I looked at Counselor Peter.
“What happened to the other ships we had?” I asked.
“I sent them back to Salus world.” Counselor Peter said.
I smiled and looked back at the planet.
“Let’s do this.” I said.
Therefore, here is what is going on. First, the SS Conquer goes in and lands somewhere a few miles from the palace. We are not taking the covenant capitol ship into the planet though. Instead, we are sneaking in through a trash ship that we captured from the Bionics.
It was the three of us sitting among piles of garbage, staring at each other.
“This is pretty luxurious.” Counselor Peter sarcastically said.
“It has to be done.” Daravitch said seriously.
“Do you always have to be so serious?” I asked him.
“It is the only way to get things done right.” He answered.
I was content with the answer and sat quietly for the rest of the trip.
When the ground shook, signifying we had landed, we all stood up.
Since the system thought this ship was picking up more trash, we will only have ten seconds to get out before the doors close and the trash ship leaves, so we were ready.
The doors opened. First, I jumped out, then Counselor Peter, and then Daravitch. However, his foot was caught as the door closed.
The gate bounced back and a red light flashed on the ship. A sound called out
“Calling repair crew.”
“Shoot!” I thought to myself.
Daravitch made his way to Counselor Peter and me and we hid in the corner of the trash room.
We waited until two small robots came and started doing repairs on the ship. Daravitch then pulled out a circular device with a red, flashing button on it. He pressed the button and threw it towards the two unfortunate contraptions. The robots then shut off and hit the ground.
Daravitch made his way over to them and started messing around with their wires.
“What are you doing, let’s go!” I ordered.
“I am re-wiring them so they can show us where The Creator is hiding.” Daravitch said.
After a few more moments the robots came back to life. This time they were taking orders from Daravitch.
“Where is the Creator?” He asked them.
The two travelers then turned around and made their way down the hall and around some more corridors. We were walking for a minute or two when we reached a metal door.
“How do we get in?” I asked.
Daravitch looked at me.
“We ask.” He said.
Daravitch kneeled down to the robots.
“Contact the creator and ask him to open the door.” He said to the two machines.
After a few moments of weird noises they spoke.
“This is crew leader 7777, I am requesting for you to open your workshop doors.” It said.
There was a response.
“Okay opening it now.
Counselor Peter and Daravitch had their pistols pointed at the door.
The moment went by slow.
First, there was a clank; Clank, clank, clank.
Then there was the sound of pounding steel; thump, thump, thump.
All of the sound was followed by light peering out from the other side.
When the door was finally opened there stood Michael, totally awe struck and scared, standing scared.
“On the ground!” Daravitch yelled.
Michael did what he was told.
From the back room, I heard a childlike voice call out.
“SIR THE RADIO SAID THAT THERE ARE BAD GUYS ATTACKING!”
Just then, one on the bionics turned around the corner. It had one blue eye, unlike the usual two, and a razor like knives coming out of its chest.
“Vesion, stand down.” Michael ordered.
The knives in its chest, then retract.
“Are you going to kill me now?” Michael asks.
“Of Cou…” Daravitch tries to say before I interrupt him.
“No!” I command, “We shall not kill him. Instead, we shall imprison him in this workshop.”
Counselor Peter looks at me shocked.
“Sir, no disrespect, but I am with Daravitch on this one.” He says.
I shake my head.
“He has valuable information, we can’t kill him.” I order.
“You want to know what project launch is, don’t you?” Michael butts in, “Maybe if you would take a look at your own damn planet you could figure it out!”
I walk out of the room.
“Counselor Peter, why don’t you and Jacob go back to your home? Jacob, I won’t kill him, but I need you to remember our conversation about Edwin. I had him transferred to your ship after we left. He should be there by now.” Daravitch said.
I was relieved. I could finally go home and this whole thing is now over. I don’t have to worry about no stinking robots trying to kill me. I can finally work on things in Salus World.
Chapter 24: Jacob
“This is Edwin.” I said to the other leaders.
We were back on the ship and on our way to Salus world.
“Why is he coming with us?” Dorian asked.
“He has some work to do.” I said as I smiled and turned to go to Counselor Peter’s office.
I got halfway there when the doors burst open and Counselor Peter came running out frantically.
He saw me and ran straight to me.
“Jacob!” He proclaimed, “There is a distress call coming from a crashed vessel near where Earth use to be!”
I stared him down.
“Did you set a course?” I asked.
“I wanted to ask you first.” He said.
“Well get to it, what’s the ETA?” I asked.
“Ten minutes.” He said ad he ran across the deck and into Nais’s office.
“What was that about?” Dorian asked.
“Counselor Peter found something.” I said.
The mysterious distress call seemed like the answer to all my questions. I knew it wasn’t going to be, but it sure was a start.
The five of us; Counselor Peter, Dorian, Sasha, CC, and I; stood by the airlock of the ship, staring at a smashed rectangular ship that was floating in the abyss of space. It was located about where Neptune  is at one time or another.
“I want a space suit, pronto.” I said.
Counselor Peter nodded and I walked with him as we went into his office.
When we got inside the office, he went behind his desk and pressed a button.
A row of space suits came out.
“Pick one, I will get the others.” He said as he made his way out the door.
I grabbed one that had blue shoulder pads on it.
After a quick change in his office, I grabbed the helmet for the suit and walked outside the ship.
The others were waiting outside for me.
“Looking good Jacob,” Sasha said.
She then made her way into the office and came out a minute later in a similar suit to mine, except with pink shoulder pads.
“Looking good yourself.” I said.
Everyone else made their way into the office and got changed. After everyone, including Counselor Peter, was ready, we went back to the airlock.
I strapped my helmet on and said through the suit.
“Ready?”
Counselor Peter gave me thumbs up and I turned to the airlock.
I closed my eyes and jumped through.
This is the first time I have actually been in Space before.
I was mesmerized by the vastness of my surroundings.
Space is certainly not the final frontier.
The suit had tiny rockets on our feet that propelled me towards the vessel.
We reached the small ship and I crawled through a broken window.
We all found ourselves inside and took a look.
It was horrific.
There were Cryo chambers, broken everywhere.
Cryo chambers are the invention that took place before I granted immortality to the humans. It was a way of putting your body to rest so that you could last voyages over thousands of space travel years. After a while, we were able to go faster than light and this was unnecessary.
“Who was sending a distress?” I asked.
“I… did…” A voice cried out.
I ran to the broken Cryo chambers.
Each one had a dead body that was floating, due to the fact that there is no gravity, in its chamber.
The last chamber had someone in a spacesuit barely holding on to life, for she had broken glass all over her body.
“What is this vessel?” I asked.
“We are part of a secret project that is returning to Earth.” She barely said.
“What project?” I asked.
“Project…” She gasped for air, “Launch.”
My eyes widened and my curiosity bounced.
“We were sent from Earth to colonize on a planet far away. When we woke up from Cryo, it turned out that the planet had been in a collision and was destroyed. We all then went back into Cryo and flew back to Earth. We were almost there, as you can see, when we were attacked by some other space craft.” She said.
“What is your name brave one?” I asked with empathy.
“Emily…” She said as she collapsed and went blank.
I looked towards Dorian.
“That was Emily!” I said.
Dorian shook his head, thus his helmet as well.
“No, it wasn’t.” He said.
“How would you know?” I barked at him.
“Because I do.” He said.
Just then, a loud ROAR sounded and a light flashed, almost blinding us.
A voice called out through the vacuum of space.
“Hello there! I won’t be able to hear you from there so let me introduce myself. I am Putere of The Imperials. Let me send some troops down and we can talk at my home planet.” The voice cried out.
I wasn’t thinking about the new arrival. I looked around at the others. There stood Sasha, love struck for me and lost in this crazy world. Then there was CC, she does not talk much, but when she needs to, she does it well. Then there was Dorian, he doesn’t really know what he wants in life, but he is willing to fight for whatever it might be; back on Earth he was my best friend, he still is. Then there is Counselor Peter, the savior from the sky. He has so much power with his ship, he uses it in my name; he is honorable and will serve me to the death.
Finally, there is me, I stand among my brethren. I am everyone’s ally, a leader, and an enemy. I can make even the scariest of all races stand down and do what I whim. I may get annoying sometimes, but my heart is always for others. I sometimes regret my decision to release the cure, other days I don’t.
I will keep on going through this life. Whatever it takes to run Salus world and her allies to victory is what I will do.
This is Salus
Isn’t this great
Over all the people here, I stand.
Together we stand, but yet I stand alone in my world.
This is our challenge, this is our triumph.
This is our Saga.

CONCLUSION
As you see, the first event that started the saga was a success. The Saluinians were able to successfully defend themselves against a threat, but that threat was human, just like the four leaders. What would happen when the young empire was faced with a threat that was not one of their own, we will get to that.
I would like to talk about Counselor Peter for a moment; he is loyal to Jacob and strong as well. As we saw earlier, he doesn’t fear anything and will do anything to follow his orders. He is a true example of a great follower. You do not always need to be a leader, in fact, you should always be a follower when you have to, but only be a leader when you need to.
I think I could actually teach you something human…
Nevertheless, we must move on, there is much to cover, and the saga has only just begun.

Acknowledgments
This book has been not only the biggest, but also one of the most important things in my life. I do have to say that not all the magic was done by me. I had help from many fellow individuals who saved me headaches, gave me ideas, or saved me money. This is my thank you to those who took their time to help me.
Dorian is my good friend who helped me do the story, forming for the entire series. I could not do it without him, and all his ideas definitely molded many parts of the entire series. Words cannot express the awesomeness of this individual!
Very big thanks to Jackson Mukui who edited my book; right when I thought there was no way I could get that done!
Shootout to my friend Christian who is not only helping me market the book, but is also my future co-author!
Finally, all those who read and enjoyed! (You!)
About the Author
Nathan Bradley is a new time author, The Saga [End of the Beginning] being his first book ever written. He lives in Southern California, United States, currently in his final year of high school.
He enjoys a variety of earthly activities, ranging from writing, playing piano, all the way to video games (known as ‘upperworlder’ in some areas).
He has been writing for five years, mostly short stories and failed projects, but The Sage [End of the Beginning] being his first ever completed, and published, work.
Contact Info:
You can follow him on twitter.
Also on Facebook page for all Saga related stuff.
Finally, you can join him and others in the saga official forum for some fun role-playing and writing community.
For anything business related, kindly email him at nathan.author@yahoo.com.
