
The High Hunt
The Orion Guild: Book One
By Adam Connell

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 Adam Connell

Cataloging-in-Publication Data is on file with The Library of Congress

Cover designed and illustrated by Jorge Molina

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


~~~~


Table of Contents

Title Page
Dedication
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Acknowledgments
About the Author


~~~~


for Thomas and Leslie Connell,
my loving parents


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 1

It’s so much like the damn beast that took my arm, Lansing thought. His replacement left arm was as stout as the original, but Lansing was still having trouble keeping the wing-ape pinned to the ground. Lansing’s left hand was wrapped around his rifle’s breech, the rifle jammed lengthwise in the beast’s mouth, pushing her thick lips back in a false smile.
The beast’s jaws convulsed like a broken thresher, black teeth trying to meet through the gun. Her broad tongue shoved and slapped at Lansing’s hand. Her humid exhales were tinged with defensive narcotics that drenched the air with euphoria.
Lansing held his breath. His right hand braced the beast’s left wrist against the floor. The beast’s other arm — a soft, nursing arm — scrabbled over Lansing’s armor like a frantic mountaineer. Her pudgy fingers couldn’t find a single ridge. Her legs and her bucking hips were too frail to dismount Lansing.
Lansing locked his elbow to keep the rifle in place, climbed over the beast’s swollen belly, and settled himself on her steepled rib cage. The animal’s feathery skin made traction difficult but Lansing found purchase on a sheet of stiff nipples. He leaned into the beast’s busy breath with his mouth and eyes closed. He concentrated all his weight on his knees.
The wing-ape’s bony legs kicked up a hurricane of fecal dirt that swirled throughout the cave. Lansing began straightening his legs and felt the first rib pop. He leaned all the way forward. Half the rib cage shattered, then sagged. The beast, lubricated with sweat, slid away before Lansing could get at her intestines. The animal flipped him over, landed square on his chest, snaked her left arm around his torso, and squeezed.
Lansing’s eyes bulged from the pressure. The beast opened her sore jaws and let out a rumbling cry. Lansing pulled his rifle free as black teeth came whistling toward his shoulder. The collision threw sparks and bone down the beast’s throat.
Lansing spun his rifle around, stabbed the muzzle into the beast’s side and pulled the trigger. Warm blood formed a glue over the gun’s muzzle. The glue tore off a swatch of feathers as the wing-ape rolled onto her rump and catapulted Lansing across the cave.
He fell on a bier of rocks. As he got to his feet, a few rocks skittered out from under him. Beneath the rocks was the beast’s dead mate.
The wounded wing-ape got up. Her body shuddered with curt sobs as she learned to breathe through half a lung instead of three.
Lansing put six more bullets into her, but he was certain none of them were killshots — the cave was too dark and the beast too quick.
He sprinted toward the cave mouth. He crushed a dozen eggs on his way out. The eggshells were empty — the barren fruits of a hysterical pregnancy — but the animal believed them to be her unhatched children. She screamed like a kettle on fire.
Lansing flew through the cave mouth, rifle over his face, knees against his chest. He tumbled to a halt by a forked trail, one leading higher into the hills and the other down to the city. His body was thatched with the barbed vines that camouflaged the lair. He tore the vines from his armor and cast them over the trail leading up to the sharp hilltops. He sliced his thumb on the rifle’s bayonet, opened the wound with his index and middle fingers, flung an arc of blood over the vines.
He ran back to the cave, lifted himself onto the arch over the entrance, dug through his calf pocket for a fresh magazine.
The cave spat out the wing-ape like a piece of lodged dinner. She was healing already — Lansing could see her rib cage inflating.
Lansing was about to reload when the rocks holding him up began spreading apart. What felt like the arch’s keystone shifted. Lansing kept himself aloft by straddling the arch. He reloaded.
The beast noticed the vines and bent over to taste Lansing’s blood. The arch tilted inward, lowering Lansing with the mechanical smoothness of a dumbwaiter. He fought the descent by shifting his center of gravity.
The beast chewed a vine. She was about to rush along the trail into the hills when she twirled around to look at Lansing. As Lansing knew she would.
Lansing shredded her three hearts with three easy shots. On her way down, the top-heavy beast broke both skinny legs.
Lansing climbed off his crumbling perch and once again used his rifle to force the beast’s mouth open. He took a gold rod from his rucksack and pressed the tip against the wing-ape’s upper right canine. The rod’s front end pulled the URC, the other end ejected it minus blood and gums. Lansing put the tooth in the pouch hanging off his belt.
Four days. Two meals. Six hours’ sleep. Fourteen bullets. Lansing supposed that the sight of this awful animal, so pathetic in death, would bring relief to the terrified citizens of this tiny planet whose name he couldn’t remember. Sympathetic citizens, the ones far removed from the radius of terror, would feel righteous anger at the animal’s execution.
Lansing felt neither relieved nor angry. He left the beast on its apron of piss and blood and chose the trail down toward the city.
He reached the airfield a day later. The city lay two miles east, but Lansing could barely make out its modest buildings because of the leaf storms. Curved walls of green and brown dipped, rose, swayed, and fell in cadence with the winds. The storms molted leaves like loose fur, but they replenished themselves by reaping reinforcements from the wandering sap forests that were the planet’s biggest draw and its worst inconvenience.
The city was protected from storms and forests by an arboreal shield. Lansing was curious how the shield worked, but upon his arrival, it had been made clear to him that his invitation did not extend to the city.
A few halfhearted storms shuffled across the airfield. They weren’t moving fast enough to do Lansing any damage. They papered his armor with sticky leaves and moved on to become entwined around the empty airplanes that cluttered the runways, and died, bequeathing their leafy corpses to the ships. This fleet had endured thousands of such embraces since they’d last been cleaned and looked more like topiary sculptures than machines.
Lansing skirted the rustling planes and walked toward the vacant runway on the north side of the strip. He ripped the leaves from his armor. A trolley smothered in leaves dropped off six men near him. Lansing didn’t stop but continued toward the empty runway.
“Where’s the wing-ape, Lansing?” said the youngest official from behind him. “I don’t see the wing-ape.”
When Lansing stopped, the man bumped into him. Lansing turned and shoved him away. “You paid me to track and kill. My contract stipulated you’d have a sanmat crew dispose of the body respectfully.”
“Stipulated?” the young official said. He absorbed the smiles of his colleagues and churned their support into courage. “Isn’t stipulate an awfully big word for someone who owns a rifle? Or is it two rifles I see poking outta your backpack?”
Lansing started walking again.
“Why couldn’t you have dragged it down with you?”
“Wing-apes have piroplasmosis,” Lansing said.
“Other words, you don’t get paid to drag. Seems we don’t pay you for a lot of things. And your price, who ever heard of such a fee? There’s another guild, you know.”
“If you kept all your apes together,” Lansing said, “you wouldn’t have to worry about lonely females assaulting your farmers.”
“We can’t spare enough volunteers to police — ”
Lansing looked over at the oldest member of the group and said, “I’m tired of talking to him. Back him off, or I’ll do it myself.”
“Declan, please,” the old official said. “We’re grateful, Lansing. Declan set out for the wing-ape himself two weeks ago. He came back twelve hours later. He got lost.”
“I didn’t get lost,” Declan said. The other officials murmured and patted him on the back. They stopped murmuring when a needleship dropped out of the sky and landed on the tarmac.
Each man took Lansing’s hand in turn. The last was Declan, who said, “Thanks,” followed by a garbled reference to the other guild. Lansing let go of Declan’s hand prematurely and elbowed him in the face.
“Was repeating himself,” Lansing said to the others. He unhooked his rucksack’s shoulder straps, untied its groin cinches. He peeled off the X scabbard brace that lay under the rucksack. He unclipped the URC pouch from his belt, put it in his rucksack, took the rucksack and rifles in his hands, and climbed into the passenger side of the needleship Gunga Din.
Chaykin smiled from the driver’s seat. “That guy, he deserve that elbow?”
Lansing tossed his rucksack into the rear seat, slipped the rifles into the door’s sleeve.
“Sure, have a seat,” Chaykin said. “Great to see you. How’s my wife? She’s good, thanks for asking. How was the trip back here? Fine, thanks for your concern. I’m just a regimental bhisti to you, aren’t I?”
The lower atmosphere’s erratic jet streams and sudden switchbacks were given body by the ubiquitous leaves. The antique needleship hummed, but it didn’t swing, and it never shook. Under Chaykin’s wrinkled but steady hands the agile needleship swam the stiff currents.
“The money’s been forwarded,” Chaykin said.
Lansing didn’t respond.
“I said — ”
“I heard you,” Lansing said.
“How about answering me once? Goddam you, Lansing, no wonder no one else wants to be your pilot.”
As they left the planet’s gravity well, the leaves lost their adhesiveness and began curling off the windshield.
“How could you hunt here with all this flying mulch?” Chaykin said.
“There weren’t any storms up where I was.”
“We’re going back to the guild.”
“The hell we are. We’re going to Nepenthe. I’ve a job on Nepenthe.”
“I already took Marrick there. He’s assumed your contract.”
“No one takes my contracts, we’re going to Nepenthe.”
Chaykin tapped the dash. A white diadem popped out from the glove box. Another tap, and the diadem emitted a warm light over Lansing’s face.
“Goddam you stubborn hunters,” Chaykin said. “Don’t force me to raise the heat. I had this rigged up before I left Raab just so you’ll listen to orders. Stubborn fucking hunters. You worst of all.”
“I’m not going to the guild, Chaykin.”
“I’m driving this thing. I’m driving it, aren’t I? It’s some emergency. Some emergency on Wildernesse.”
“What’s Wildernesse have to do with me?”
Chaykin said, “I knew you’d put up a fight. Raab said to be sure I got you home. Nepenthe’ll be fine with Marrick.”
“You’re sweating,” Lansing said.
Chaykin swabbed his forehead with his sleeve. “Some people sweat when they’re being humiliated. Know what? Pick another pilot if there’s any’ll take you. And don’t you think I’ll be retracting that light from your face. It’ll be staring at you the whole trip.”
Lansing reclined his seat and closed his eyes.
In the needleship’s keel compartment, oiled and sealed in custom cases, were Lansing’s larger rifles for bigger game. Shotguns, too. Ammo as well. Also impedimenta for the cold, the wet, the hot, and mixed climes, too. All eventualities.
“How’s the arm?” Chaykin said.
Lansing didn’t open his eyes. “You gonna ask me that every time?”
Chaykin turned on the overhead spots and the side spots. After a moment’s hesitation, he brought them up to their brightest setting. He thought, Too bad if it keeps Lansing awake the length of the trip.
But really he didn’t think it would.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 2

The Orion Guild’s headquarters was a harsh building with no distinguishing flourishes. A conspicuous stone box set in the crown of an exotic park in the middle of a city that had changed around it. Some buildings had grown over the park, blocking the sun and poisoning the air, so that a complicated greenhouse dome was necessary to keep the trees and plants breathing. The park was modeled on a meditation garden owned by the Medici. It was Johannesburg’s last bare feature though it was commonly agreed that even when there were more parks, two or three social revolutions ago, this green refuge surpassed them all.
The same magnates who tried in vain to have The Orion Guild evicted also paid great sums to visit the garden on weekends. They caressed exotic flowers descended from planets of disparate origin.
The wealthiest magnates and their families were allowed to pass through the majestic wooden doors that led to the guild’s entrance hall. In the guild’s 211-year history, this hall had twice been widened, and it was scheduled to receive a third renovation shortly. Above the doors was inscribed their motto: We Limit Ourselves To Improve The Sport, We Gain Honor Through Effort.
Most visitors expected a menagerie of giant stuffed beasts in postures of benign menace. What they faced instead was a narrow corridor cramped with disembodied jaws, talons, and pincers. These predatory accessories were affixed to the wall in poses of motion, as if the beasts pruned of these weapons were coming through the adjacent rooms.
At the end of the hall was the Yeti, the only animal the guild had allowed to be preserved in its entirety. The Yeti was the trophy every visitor came to see, the creature everyone had thought a myth. Lansing had killed the Yeti while on contract protecting a scientific expedition from mountain wolves in the Himalayas. Lansing would’ve left the animal alone, but it was attacking the expedition’s regular straggler.
The awed guests compared the Yeti against their childhood nightmares; seeing it up close often inspired new ones. It was an imperfect specimen — thinning maroon pelage, warts on its finger pads, its fangs cracked — whose imperfections made it all the more horrifying.
Lansing passed the Yeti without a glance. He walked through the great den on his way to Raab’s suite. The four hunters in the den put their drinks down and stood up.
Lansing responded to their warmth with coldness. To Lansing, these men were an embarrassment. Once-proud hunters too weary to accept new contracts but too young to retire on Dartmoor. They slept in apartments on the guild’s upper floors, apartments subsidized by Lansing’s extraordinary fees.
“I lost the bet,” said one man. His gaudy rings bit Lansing’s fingers when they shook hands. “Thought you’d never bother to come back.”
“Only been two years, Villiers. Longer, I’m pretty sure, than the last time you went out.”
“That’s unfair,” Villiers said. He picked a drink off the nearest table. In his nervousness, he didn’t realize it was someone else’s. He said, “Happens a lot of the roster’s in town this week. Come down tonight and sit with us.”
“I’ll be gone by tonight,” Lansing said.
“At least sit with us a couple minutes now,” one of the other hunters said. “Give your gear to a squire, and sit.” Like Villiers, he was wearing a casual silk shirt, a silk robe, and slippers.
Lansing was in his armor, his big rucksack tight across his back, rifle stocks pointing up from their crossed scabbards like sword hilts.
Villiers said, “Yeah, lose your gear, get changed, come back down.”
“Silk’s not my color,” Lansing said.
Villiers said, “You’re not too good to sit next to me, Lansing. I haven’t done more than you, but I’ve done more than most. I’m planning on going to Dartmoor soon.”
Lansing looked at the four of them and said, “Why, when you can sit around here all day and talk?”
The men turned to each other and quietly picked up the shards of their broken conversation.
The panelled staircase up to Raab’s suite was adorned with a collection of rare anatomical field sketches drawn by an extinct breed: the scholarly hunter.
Raab’s door squeaked when Lansing pushed it open. The room was lit by a single candle. Twenty years ago, Guild Master Raab had been partially blinded on a contract when a neighboring sun went supernova. He’d been stalking a homosexual pair of scalpel falcons on a planet so primitive there were no astronomers to warn him. Raab always received company in semidarkness, so that his disability would be shared, if only for a little while.
Lansing’s vision adjusted quickly. He could see Raab’s outline on the far bed. The room was crowded with wooden shelves — open caskets for Raab’s cracked rifles. In his prime, Raab had been notoriously hard on his guns. He didn’t collect trophies from the beasts he’d killed; instead, he made trophies of the instruments he’d used to kill them.
Lansing took a step toward the bed. The floor creaked. Lansing thought, That’s new. What little the nova left him with must’ve rotted away if he’s installed new audio cues. Everything I touch here’s gonna make a noise. He’s all blind now.
“You’re going to Wildernesse,” Raab said. His soft voice had the easy power of tenured authority.
Lansing said, “I haven’t taken a directed contract since I was made Grand Marksman.”
“Don’t think of it as direction, think of it as a request.”
Lansing watched Raab’s outline shift toward the head of the bed.
“They have a problem with their brindles,” Raab said. “There’s three herds. One — ”
“I know about Wildernesse.”
“Of course you do. I didn’t. This is how it was told to me, so this is how I’m gonna tell it.” His soft voice calcified. “Three herds, slightly distinct but mostly the same. Mate twice a year in some lake. You listening to me?”
“I’m listening.”
“Grunt or something, so I know you’re awake. Because you’re fit to hunt and I’m not doesn’t mean you can disrespect me. This is my room. Listening now?”
“I just nodded,” Lansing said.
“I don’t really care if you’re listening or not. Nod away, Lansing. You’re going to Wildernesse regardless. One herd, the one lives closest to this lake year-round, it has gone sick. They estimate half this herd’s infected.”
“With what?”
“Screte Pox. The other two herds start moving toward the lake in nine days. You know what’ll happen to Wildernesse if their brindles all get infected. Or if anyone even suspects the meat is bad.”
“They’ll have to put down that entire herd.”
“In nine days. You won’t get there for another two. That leaves you a week to get it done, and you will.”
“I never said I’d go.”
Raab sat up. Lansing noted that the bed didn’t make a sound.
“It’s your planet,” Raab said.
“I was born there, and I left,” Lansing said. “It’s not my planet, and I left young.”
“You’ll be going for a pittance. When we learned it was Wildernesse, we got interested. I couldn’t take the risk of your learning about this from someone else, that we lost the contract to RifleHire. Imagine them killing animals on your planet, you’d have had a seizure hearing that.” Raab laughed. It sounded to Lansing like coughing.
Raab said, “Wildernesse came to us first, but we were too high, so they shopped the job to RifleHire. Everyone knows where you’re from, and the false guild, they made a preposterously low bid. Out of courtesy, Wildernesse came back to us, so we had to go even lower. Almost free.”
“Anything to keep business away from them,” Lansing said.
“I scooped seven contracts from them last year, all because RifleHire offends your delicate hunting sensibilities. Nine contracts the year before that. And then the year before that, and the year before that. I could go on. I’d just as soon leave them alone but you’ve got a minor vocal lobby here wants to see you happy. This once — No, forget that, don’t think of it as a request, think of it as an order. You have to go because you should go. It’s what’s right, Lansing.”
“Don’t you ever do this to me again. You do, I swear I’ll quit.”
“You were unreachable. A decision had to be made.”
“What did they wait so long for? Nine days left. There’s gotta be hundreds of brindles in that herd.”
“The usual, they tried to take care of it themselves and now it’s almost too late. Tyndal, Nadia, and Wren will meet you there. They’ll probably get to Wildernesse the same day as you.”
“I hate these committee hunts.”
“Seven days, Lansing. You might know the land but you’ve only got two rifles. I could’ve sent more people along, so be grateful for once. Four is the lowest number that’ll work. More than four, we’re losing too much money, I don’t care who was born there.”
“The advance scouts have been?”
“No, there wasn’t time.”
“I don’t wanna bring too much gun, or not enough gun.”
“Wildernesse sent us a detailed report,” Raab said. “Your Marlin and your Bedoui will be just enough.”
Raab swung his legs onto the floor. He heaved up a meaty ball of phlegm and spat it into the silver wastebin near his bed. “That took too much effort. A quick aside. Soon as Wren heard you’d be along, he lodged a challenge against you for Grand Marksman.”
“A long time since I was challenged.”
“He’s desperate, he’s been tryna fit in here for years. There won’t be time enough to do as much research as you’d normally like, but I left some books on Wildernesse in your room.”
The guild’s few computers were in the basement. They were used sparingly, and were religiously guarded by the guild’s IT mafia. In the basement were also the Armory Showroom, the Repair Workshop, and the Taxidermy Workroom.
Raab said, “Brush up on your grade-school learning before you fall asleep. Longliner leaves in the morning.”
“Chaykin’s not taking me?” Lansing said.
“I’ve got business on Vestal.”
“Use Newsom. Chaykin’s my pilot.”
“Newsom’s favorite word is turbulence. I take precedence when it comes to Chaykin. He’s my pilot when I want him.”
“I can’t use Newsom?”
“You can ride the Longliner with the common folk. The ride’s only marginally slower, and it’s good for the soul once in a while. Especially a soul as black as yours.”
“Is it better for the soul to travel mornings?”
“Thought you’d enjoy spending the night.”
“You know I don’t wanna stay here,” Lansing said.
“I must’ve forgotten,” Raab said.
*     *     *
The guild’s taxidermist was skinning a zebra carcass when Lansing walked into the basement workroom. “I’m busy,” the man yelled.
“Maybe later,” Lansing said and walked out.
The taxidermist accidentally tore the zebra’s hide when he looked up and recognized Lansing’s silhouette through the frosted-glass door. He ran to the door, yanked it open and said, “Lansing! Lansing, I’m not busy.” He extended his hand.
Lansing turned around and came back. “You’ll wash that before I shake it, Olmstead.”
Olmstead wiped his bloody fingers on his smock. “Shit, Lansing, wasn’t expecting you. Thought you’d be two more years, the earliest. What’s with the bloodshot eyes? Look like some kinda demon.”
“I got squeezed recently.”
“Unprovoked, right?”
Olmstead was a taxidermist by chance and a tattoo artist by training. He favored a buzz cut because it made his sparse hair feel thicker. He had a wide face whose features had spread with age. The rest of his body was so thin, Olmstead secretly suspected he’d contracted aggressive parasites from handling so many dead animals.
“Are you busy or not?” Lansing said.
“Not, not. Sit down. Been keeping the chair for you. Been keeping my needles sharp, too.”
Olmstead led Lansing past aisles of shiny tables that held a zoo of slain beasts in various stages of mutilation. Against the back wall, below a rack of cured tails, was a modified dentist’s chair covered with a drop cloth. Olmstead wheeled it toward Lansing; he bumped tables and knocked pieces of anatomy to the floor but didn’t seem to care. He threw the drop cloth into a sink and gestured toward the chair like a magician’s assistant.
Lansing put down his rucksack and guns, then unbuckled his armor. The armor had been forged by the tragic smith Slocombe and was coveted by every hunter aware of its existence. Slocombe produced only a closet’s worth of gear because to him smithing was a hobby, hunting professionally was his dream. Yet he’d been a terrible hunter who refused to recognize his lack of talent. For twenty straight years he submitted his application to the guild and for twenty straight years was denied. The myriad tales of Slocombe’s breakdown were too pat to be true. And in truth, the real story was sadder than most people would believe. Before his collapse, Slocombe gave life to precious few arms and armor as durable as they were beautiful.
Masterpieces like Lansing’s suit. Its articulated, octagonal microplates were connected by hidden joints that allowed Lansing complete freedom of movement, like chain mail but without prohibitive weight. The microplates, uniform in size and thousands in number, had survived twenty-five rigorous years without a single casualty.
Watertight and insulated, the armor was divided at the belt in two sections. Slocombe had also added clever, sliding pockets on the outside of the upper and lower legs, and the upper and lower arms, large enough to fit two mags in each.
Lansing laid the two sections on the floor. The overhead lights transformed the purple scales into hundreds of opal sun dogs.
“Doesn’t do that while you’re working, does it?” Olmstead said.
“It sops up natural light,” Lansing said. “Slocombe only wanted it worn outdoors.”
“Too bad Slocombe’s not around anymore.” Olmstead tsked at Lansing’s long-sleeved nylon shirt and nylon pants. The shirt was discolored with yellow pit rings, the pants stained a nebulous brown at the cuffs. “Looks like you’ve gotten bigger, Lansing. Broader’s what I mean. Isn’t that suit too tight?”
The door swung open and a teenage boy with a shaved tonsure rushed toward Lansing and Olmstead. He looked down at the floor and said, “Lansing, sir, I came for the armor.”
“You can look me in the eye, squire,” Lansing said.
The squire shook his head. “We’re told — ”
“You can look me in the eye.”
The squire raised his head. “Yes, sir.” His voice warbled.
“Take it easy, and pay attention. There’s blood crusted between the plates. That has to be scrubbed out. Polish it, deodorize it. Might take a while.”
“Clean and oil both guns, sir?”
“I care for my guns myself, but take them away with the armor and leave them in my apartment.”
The first rifle was a rare Bedoui .30/30. The second rifle was the guild-mandated backup, a Marlin Model 336 that used .35 Remington cartridges.
“In the rucksack you’ll find my blade.” The guild-mandated English Fairbairn-Sykes commando knife, Third pattern, with ringed grip. “The Bedoui’s bayonet is under the barrel, spring-loaded. Be mindful you don’t cut yourself on that, it’ll kill you. Sharpen both.”
“Got it, sir. Sharpen, polish, disinfect.”
“Deodorize.”
“Deodorize.”
“My URC pouch, it’s also in the rucksack. Take it over to the guild accountants, then bring it back so Olmstead can clean and treat the inside of it. Have you got all that now or do you need help?”
“I’ve got it, sir. It’s an honor, sir.”
“It’s no honor, it’s shitty chores,” Lansing said. “But you wanted to be a squire and that’s what squires get.”
“Right, sir.” The squire carefully collected Lansing’s gear and walked out slowly.
Lansing took off his shirt and sat in Olmstead’s chair.
Olmstead looked at Lansing’s right and left arms. “Coloring still doesn’t match.”
Lansing’s left arm was paler than the right though this conclusion could only be deduced from intense scrutiny, for the black tattoo on Lansing’s left arm obscured most of the skin.
Olmstead had inked the first stroke of the elaborate design eight years ago, the same year Lansing was made Grand Marksman. Lansing’s birth arm had been chewed off by a grisly lurk. Instead of killing the lurk, as he’d been contracted to, Lansing trapped it and staked it to the ground. A junkie physician sewed the flaps of Lansing’s shoulder over what remained of the humerus. Lansing convinced the local civil authority to give him custody of the beast. They didn’t require a lot of convincing. As long as the grisly lurk was taken off-planet, they didn’t care if Lansing killed it or not. And as long as it didn’t return.
The junkie physician gorged Lansing with potent opiates. Within a week, Lansing was stoned enough to travel.
He stayed in the same berth as the caged lurk. The ride back to the guild lasted two months. Lansing sat against the wall, facing the animal. He tried to keep himself awake but exhaustion was constantly pulling him under.
He was doubly tired from fighting withdrawal. His stash from the physician was gone too quickly, replaced with foreign cravings.
When awake, Lansing picked at the shoulder dressing and stared at the beast through the bars. The feathery beast, hungry for the rest of Lansing, stared back.
Because of the drugs and fatigue, the withdrawal and pain, Lansing retained no memory of the flight. At odd moments, many years later, his mind groped backward at the staring contest but always found nothing. He’s certain he’d had an epiphany while fixated on the cage.
The grisly lurk is a living trophy. Upon his return, Lansing had it shipped to Dartmoor with two guild members on their way to retirement. They were instructed to tell any hunters they came across to leave the beast alone.
Active guild members thought Lansing’s behavior improper. They measured their successes against each other’s in trophies and flooded Olmstead’s workroom with an ugly parade of kills. The guild’s bylaws permitted just two small souvenirs per kill, but Olmstead could be bribed to preserve a set of antlers along with the head that carried them.
When Olmstead was done with the animals, what was left was sent to veterinarian colleges around the world.
Most guild apartments were furnished in safari chic. Late-night parties drifted from room to room, giving the hunters a permanent audience to flog with their tales. Each rhino-head vase was a mnemonic trigger that recalled a story equal parts fact and fiction.
Lansing didn’t feel the need to surround himself with such a gruesome CV.
It was possible his grisly lurk was long dead. Killed by a superior predator. Shot by a defiant retiree. It might have caught a fatal disease or died of old age. Lansing didn’t dwell on these possibilities. The lurks were renowned for their longevity, and Lansing was confident that his trophy was waiting for him. When he felt ready, Lansing planned to break guild law and travel to Dartmoor without retiring. He was certain he’d recover his forgotten epiphany once he finally hunted his living trophy and killed it.
The tattoo spanned his replacement arm down to the wrist. It was a crouching Kodiak bear, one paw filled with dead fish. The bear’s toothy snarl devoured Lansing’s shoulder. For every completed contract Olmstead added another detail. Whirlpool eyes, foreshortened legs, gore-stained patches of fur. Bald scars, yellow teeth. To date, Olmstead had animated the bear with 138 threatening details.
“How many hunts since the last time?” Olmstead said.
“Twenty-nine,” Lansing said.
Olmstead went to the workroom’s stainless-steel cabinet, opened the top drawer, and lifted out a belt of needles. They were arranged from left to right in order of thickness. Olmstead chose the thinnest one, attached it to his handheld tattoo machine.
“Want I should rub you down with anesthetic?” Olmstead said. He opened the bottom drawer and grabbed a jar of black ink. “If you hadn’t lost the arm, I bet you never would’ve let me ink you like this. Kinda glad you weren’t wearing your armor that hunt. Someday you’ll tell me the story.”
“Someday. Get started, Olm,” Lansing said.
Olmstead kicked a stool toward Lansing and hopped on it before it stopped rolling. He put on a pair of glasses and dunked the needle in the jar.
Lansing reached over to the sink for his shirt. “I don’t remember glasses.”
Olmstead got up and pulled the shirt out of Lansing’s hand. “About a year ago. Don’t worry, I don’t really need them.”
“If you’re wearing glasses, maybe you shouldn’t be doing this. Why didn’t you have them on with the zebra?”
“You know how it is, they’d give me an evaluation if they knew. They could fire me. Why they haven’t shit-canned Raab, I’ll never know. He can’t see with glasses. I’d lock the door, but it doesn’t have one. The zebra wasn’t important, this is.”
Olmstead folded the shirt, handed it back. “Sorry for getting grabby. Let me do this. Your arm, what we have between us here, it means a lot to me. I shouldn’t have grabbed the shirt.” He sat down. “What you should do, you should catch me another Yeti. Nothing they bring me ever comes close to that.”
“You’re stalling,” Lansing said.
“I’m tryna visualize. Honestly, Lansing, I’m running outta stuff to add.”
“It’ll come to you,” Lansing said.
And it did, twenty-nine times.
*     *     *
Lansing ate dinner by himself in a brasserie a few blocks from the guild. He came back immediately after and tried to bypass the celebration in the great den. Three dozen hunters leaned against the chairs and fireplaces, blurting out toasts and laughing too loudly. The room hadn’t seen this many guild members together in a decade. Their capricious schedules prevented gatherings of this size.
Lansing’s name was shouted by those who wished Lansing to notice them, whispered by those who preferred to go unseen.
Above the main fireplace was a wooden mantelpiece holding four shotguns bookended by two curved horns, all donated by Denys Finch-Hatton’s estate. A film played on the white bricks above the guns. Lansing recognized the star of this documentary, Hensleigh, a guild member who’d sold out to the nature infochannels late in his career.
Villiers, cocktail glass in hand, came up behind Lansing and raised the glass and clicked his rings against it. When Lansing didn’t turn around, Villiers said, “See who’s playing between the horns?”
“How’d it happen?” Lansing said.
Villiers stepped in front of Lansing and waved his glass toward the film. “This was the second time he came out of retirement. Looks so damn young there, doesn’t he? Must be fifteen years ago. He was an attractive man, no? And graceful with his gun. Ever hunt with him?”
“Twice, my first two contracts for the guild.”
“Last week he was tracking rock tortoises on Sigil, hamming it up for the cameras when a bask viper jumps at him from the brush around some palmettos.”
Villiers rattled the ice in his drink, looked around the room to make sure everyone had an unobstructed view of him standing beside Lansing. “Where was I?”
“Palmettos,” Lansing said.
“Hensleigh dodges left, which is a poor choice of direction as that’s the same way the viper’s going. Hensleigh also ducks at the same time. With his mouth open.”
Villiers swirled the drink in his glass and tittered as if Lansing had just told him a private joke. He grinned at the closest guild member, looked back to Lansing and said, “Viper gets stuck in his throat. Both of them suffocate. Hensleigh, Hensleigh he tries to pull the thing out, but instead he pulls it in half.”
Laughter detonated around the room as those watching the film saw a cameraman running from harmless oopines. Hensleigh, dead from a stray viper, was on-screen laughing along with the guild.
“Kinda how I expect you to go, Lansing,” Villiers said. “Snake in the throat, a venomous bug bite. Something foolish like that, something small, something silly. Like happy Toutain, who went sleepwalking and got mauled. You’re too big to go out big. Only the clumsy ones go out big, don’t you think?”
“Not about that, no,” Lansing said. He went toward the stairs on the opposite side of the den. Villiers followed.
“What’s this we’re hearing about Wren?” Villiers said. “Must have brass apples to book a challenge against you.”
A bearded man with blue eyes stood by the horns rialto and said, “Everyone make their way to the bar. In honor of Hensleigh and all the brave fools who’ve passed through this guild and passed on. As tradition proclaims, everyone is to have a drink for each member who’s died in your time.”
There was a plaque on the wall listing those members, the years of their deaths, and a brief synopsis of how they died.
Lansing ignored tradition, had a drink for Hensleigh, and went upstairs. Another set of footsteps echoed his up to the sixth floor. He purposely dropped his keys when he reached his door, took his time picking them up. He didn’t want to spoil the woman’s sloppy routine, he knew it was the only one she had.
She emerged from the stairwell. “I was hoping you’d be the first to leave.”
Lansing turned around to see how much she’d aged. “Didn’t hear you coming, Dahlia.”
“You will, though,” Dahlia said.
Dahlia — a stage name, Lansing was sure — was the guild’s oldest courtesan. Her almond eyes, slim neck, and pert breasts screamed youth, but this scream was artificial and costly to keep at the volume her profession demanded. She fought wrinkles — unfair lines, she called them — with radical creams. Her uniform, a jade dress, rewarded prolonged stares with sultry, roaming transparencies.
“My price has gone up,” she said.
Lansing pushed open the door.
Only Raab’s room was larger. There was a bed in one corner, a desk in another, and 2,000 feet of wasted space. The empty walk-in closets had been left open. His armor — free of blood, and polished and deodorized — was being worn by a cedar suit valet to the right of the desk. Under the desk were his rifles, scabbards, and rucksack.
There was no dust. The same squire who had tended to the armor came to Lansing’s apartment once a week to wipe everything down, flush the toilet, run the tap, change unused sheets, and daydream about his own future.
Dahlia put on her most cheerful mask and danced across the parquet floor. “All this room. You’re never here with all this room.” She approached the bed and swiveled to face Lansing. “All I get is Villiers and Wren. Regular. They tip well, but in bed they’re so predictable.”
She unwrapped her dress and sailed it through the air. She changed her mask from cheerful to seductive.
Lansing walked over to her. She unbuttoned his pants and reached inside. “How long’s it been? Since you saw me last?”
“No,” Lansing said.
Dahlia nodded and put a finger to her lips. She pressed herself against Lansing, rubbing him with her curves. She eased her other hand into his pants, kissed his neck and said, “This is one animal you won’t have to hunt to nail.”
“You used that line two years ago,” Lansing said. “I’m not buying your conversation, I’m buying your body.”
“Then use it.”
He did.
When he was finished, Lansing picked her dress up off the floor and said, “You’ll be bothering me all night. I need to sleep.”
Dahlia anchored herself to the comforter. “It’s no bother. Really.” She let the comforter slip, revealing her breasts.
“I’d rather sleep,” Lansing said.
After Dahlia had gone, there were two separate knocks at his door, both of them light but insistent. The other courtesans, but Lansing didn’t answer.
He stared at the ceiling. The room’s quiet comfort unnerved him. He’d have been more comfortable on a bed of rocks, in a putrid forest, by a thundering river.
The books Raab had promised were stacked on the desk. There was also a plastic bag with enough sealed granola clusters, beef biltong, fruit and vegetable jerky, hardtack, chocolate bars, and cubes of dried milk to last him two weeks.
He sat naked at the desk and skimmed the materials to refresh his memory. He’d sleep on the Longliner tomorrow. Longliners were reliably hectic.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 3

Lansing rode in the back of a bus with one of Wildernesse’s worried representatives. The rep, Eccles, said, “I don’t see how it’s possible you can do this in seven days. You can’t, and when the other two herds come up to mate — Have you ever seen a planet go bankrupt? Can you do this, cull the whole herd?”
“This isn’t culling,” Lansing said.
“I thought that’s a term you use.”
“It’s a term we use. Not for this.”
“What technical term would you call it, then?”
“Bloodbath.”
The open windows inhaled the chilly morning air. The bus was traveling away from the capital, down a wide highway toward Preserves 1, 2, and 3. Every few miles, the highway shed another lane.
Since leaving Wildernesse in his teens, Lansing hadn’t missed the place once. His detachment was reinforced upon his return; the capital was as drab as he remembered, the people as dull, the sky as dreary.
The view from Lansing’s seat on the bus was unspectacular. A flat, green meadow. Some blue sawgrass. An antisocial tree here and there. Occasional buildings smaller and barer the farther they were from the city.
Wildernesse’s two seasons, a languid spring and fall, were separated by eight degrees Celsius and a catastrophic semiannual rain.
The bus had room for fifty. Aside from Lansing and Eccles there were thirty-eight others, and the driver.
“You’re wondering why we waited so long,” Eccles said. He turned to face Lansing without moving his neck. Lansing was pretty sure the man had a spinal problem.
Eccles said, “The slaughterhouse butchers noticed the sickness before the vets. Immediately we knew there was only one way to respond.”
“When was this?” Lansing said.
“A month ago. We armed twenty butchers, divided Preserve 3 by teams, and they started shooting.”
“They know how to hunt?” Lansing was watching the highway. It had been whittled down to four lanes. There was no other traffic.
“One of them,” Eccles said, “but they all know how to kill. We thought it was the same thing.”
Eccles rubbed his stiff neck, giving Lansing an opportunity to defend his occupation, to differentiate between hunting and killing. It was a distinction Eccles assumed Lansing had to explain frequently.
Lansing continued to study the dwindling highway.
“Obviously you’re here, so they were unsuccessful,” Eccles said. “The brindles’ diet is mostly engineered food we air-drop twice a week. Look like cannonballs. The market demands brindlemeat plump and strong. We cater to discerning, wealthy clients.”
“Your clients don’t concern me. Back to the brindles. I’m told you poisoned the food?”
“After the butchers failed us, we stuffed the cannonballs with spikes and sharp junk so it’d ruin their jaws and they’d starve. That worked for all of two drops. Brindles are dumb animals, but they have a supersensitive herd mentality. Maybe 5 percent, maybe, fell for the trick. The rest, out of necessity the rest’ve reverted to eating swaybacks and grass again.”
“How’d the brindles get sick?” Lansing said.
“Screte Pox’s a cyclical disease,” Eccles said. “Records show it happening seventy years ago, and seventy-five years before that. Don’t you remember learning about it in school? The weight loss, the dementia, so much saliva and mucus you’d think they were goddam geysers. They end up nothing but faucets with their insides coming out their pores.”
“There’s no cure?”
“No one knew how valuable the brindles were until fifty years ago. We did have some bright people taking the pox apart, but they thought they had another five years to figure it out.”
“This herd, give me a round number.”
“Our count is 450.”
“Your count. Is that different than some other count?”
“It’s 450. I mean, officially and unofficially, 450. It’s accurate is what I mean.”
“Is every brindle infected?”
“Don’t you spare a single goddam one of them, not even calfs,” Eccles said. “The ones that look healthy, they aren’t. There’s carriers and there’s outwardly sick, so there’s no difference. Kill them, all of them.”
Eccles turned to face front again. “Someone suggested we bomb Preserve 3, and I want you to know why he was fired. As soon as the brindles are exhausted from breeding we’re gonna establish a new herd, with bulls and mares from the other two preserves. For this to work, the landscape has to remain as is.”
“You say 450, in a week,” Lansing said. “I did some brushing up on Wildernesse. Even after the hard rains, it’s never taken more than seven months for the trees and — ”
“The landscape as is,” Eccles said. “We’re starting the minute you’re gone. I need you to be at your most delicate.”
Lansing nodded but also put his hands up in the spirit of confusion. Eccles was confused, yet he accepted the sarcastic gesture as a fatalistic, bonded Yes.
“Delicate it is,” Eccles said. “I mentioned school. We were in the same grade together.”
“Don’t remember,” Lansing said.
“Miss Volpe and her composition competitions. Same grade, same class that memorable year you disappeared. What were you, fifteen, sixteen?”
Lansing could tell that Eccles had ceased to say anything important, and while Eccles was still speaking, Lansing fell asleep. He’d always been able to sense when someone was talking to make themselves sound smart, or for companionship, or out of nervousness. Lansing had no use for this kind of conversation.
Neither had his father, and it had cost him his job and his family and eventually his life. Two embryos were stolen from Brindle Study, and when their absence was discovered, the perpetrator accused Lansing’s father.
Lansing’s reticent father, uninterested in anyone but his wife and child, didn’t bother defending himself. He didn’t proclaim his innocence because he knew it was impossible to prove, and his work required all his energy besides. Watching over twelve other technicians, trying to improve brindlemeat’s aphrodisiac response in humans. It was, he often thought, stupid work in the face of mankind’s pressing crises. But it was his job, and he did want Wildernesse to continue thriving. Two missing embryos were hardly worth any fuss.
The governor’s aide, the thief, whipped the fuss into an uproar practically overnight. Everyone came to believe that those two embryos, in competitor’s hands and cloned, would ruin Wildernesse. Yes, you are in danger! Yes, two tiny embryos could certainly doom the planet, yes! And because Lansing’s father said nothing, people suspected everything.
The embryos were found, and Wildernesse was saved. The governor’s aide made sure that they were found because his sale of them was now an impossibility. They were found in Lansing’s home.
Lansing’s father and mother fled into the mountains. They left their son behind, praying that a merciful public would brook no grudge against him. They knew they would die — Wildernesse being paradoxically mostly mountains surrounding a lush north pole. The mountains were unexplored and unforgiving. No search parties were roused. The governor’s aide shouted that Lansing’s parents weren’t worth the risk and convinced everyone to agree with him.
Young Lansing was used by the government as a deterrent to ensure loyalty. Once a year, starting at five years old, he was subjected to and the subject of a televised interview broadcast from the home of his foster parents. Crying, bewildered, and later morose, hard. Always the interview ended with the announcer saying, “Betray Wildernesse, and parents become childless, and their children orphans.”
Lansing awoke just before the bus stopped.
“That was rude of you,” Eccles said.
The other passengers retrieved their bags from the overhead racks and filed out the door.
“Where are they going?” Lansing said.
“With you,” Eccles said.
“No they aren’t.”
There was no more highway. The bus was parked on a field of soft pubic grass. A north-south fence stretched to the horizons. Three people waited near the front gate, standing like violent caddies amid rifles and rucksacks. Lansing recognized Tyndal and assumed the other two were Nadia and Wren.
Lansing got off the bus with his things. He attached the X scabbard brace to his back by fastening the clasp across his chest. Put his arms through his rucksack’s straps, tightened them, and tied the groin cinches high on his thighs. Clipped the URC pouch to his belt. Then he joined the other three hunters.
“Lansing’s here!” Nadia yelled. She was twenty-nine, the guild’s youngest member and one of only nine women. She had the frame of a fourteen-year-old boy and the breasts of a thirteen-year-old girl. Her hair was a mound of floppy spikes, deliberately unruly. An archipelago of ruby freckles sat across her nose. More freckles stippled her cheeks like rouge.
She threw her little figurine body at Lansing, tied her legs around his waist, her arms around his neck. “I’m Nadia,” she said.
Lansing lifted her off him.
Tyndal greeted Lansing with a slow nod. “A pleasure, Lansing,” he said. “Sorry it’s been such a spell since we hunted together. Almost beat you that time.” He was chubby verging on fat. Blunt arms, legs, and demeanor. His head was cocked to the side with his left ear pointed at Lansing. His right ear was a still drum, useless since an illness during puberty.
Wren was twice Tyndal’s height. He had a squarish face quilted with trademarks from a number of different races. His features clashed. It was difficult for most people to decide whether Wren was unusually handsome or unusually ugly. He stepped over the rucksacks and scabbards to shake Lansing’s hand. “Hope you’re not angry I challenged you,” he said.
Lansing said, “Long as you don’t let the challenge obstruct the contract, no.”
Nadia used her fingers to perk her hair. “Last time I was up this early my diaper needed changing. We’ve been standing around ten minutes already. Let’s choose partners and go.”
Four vans on AG stilts sauntered off the grass north of the dead highway, came to a stop near the bus. The vans had sharp corners, fluted black skin, razor running boards.
Two men stepped off each van and looked around for someone they recognized. They saw Eccles shouting instructions like a camp counselor and strode toward him.
“So are we going?” Nadia said.
“Gimme a few minutes,” Lansing said and joined the growing mob around Eccles.
Nadia watched Lansing break through the crowd. She said, “With those bloodshot peepers he kinda looks like a tired vampire. A lot skinnier than I’d heard, not all that good-looking.”
“You never met him before?” Wren said.
“Never been on a contract together, and he’s never home.”
“How come you didn’t jump in my lap first time we met?”
The butt of Nadia’s main rifle was propped on the ground. A Savage Model 99. She leaned on the barrel like a walking stick. “Let’s sight-in before I forget,” she said.
“Shouldn’t we wait for Lansing?” Tyndal said.
“I’m sure he already took care of it,” Nadia said.
“I’ve got a bullet-drop table.” Wren dug through his rucksack and pulled out a laminated sheet. Wildernesse was near the bottom. “It’s 1.011 Gs.”
Near the entrance to the gated preserve there was a thick tree, commemorating something or other. Nadia stabbed the tree with her Fairbairn-Sykes commando knife at a height about even with her shoulders. They used the knife as a benchrest to calibrate their sights by shooting at the decorative metal globes atop the long fence. The globes were spaced twenty-five yards apart.
As the three hunters took turns with both their guns, Wren said to Nadia, “What happened to that bazooka you used to drag around?”
“Exchanged it for this. It’s more feminine.”
Wren laughed.
Tyndal tracked their conversation by furtively aiming his good ear at them. As soon as Wren stopped laughing, Tyndal said, “You challenged Lansing for Grand Marksman?”
“That was a fool move, Wren,” Nadia said. “I hope you pack fast ’cause when you get back home, they’re only gonna give you thirty minutes. I’ve seen it.”
“I can beat him,” Wren said, and would’ve said more, but five men strolled up and formed a line in front of him.
The first man said, “We wanted to let you know how much we admire you. We’ve followed your career from the start. The Prolific Passer.”
“The Prolific Passer,” the fifth man said.
“Longtime fans,” the first man said.
“Thank you,” Wren said. He forced himself not to leer at Nadia.
“That naked bootleg you ran against Texas Tech,” the first man said. “I was outta my seat the entire game.” He thrust a pen and pad at Wren. The other four men, each with their own pads and pens, were mentally spending the money the autographs would fetch.
“We’ll be working together,” the first man said. “I’d love some John Hancocks.”
“I don’t play anymore.” Wren shook his Marlin. “This is what I am now. I’ve put that other sport behind me. I’m sorry, but I don’t sign autographs.”
“We’re just being considerate. Sign these now and we’ll be happy to leave you alone the rest of the hunt.”
“Not today,” Wren said.
“Okay. Maybe tomorrow?”
“Not tomorrow,” Wren said.
“We’re trying to be considerate.”
“Then please, be considerate.”
The men whipped their pads at Wren and stomped back toward the vehicles, where Lansing and Eccles were at the epicenter of an unstable crowd.
“We need four vans?” Lansing said.
“Each one has an incinerator built over the left rear stilt,” Eccles said. “The dead brindles have to be destroyed.”
“How long does it take?”
“A few minutes.”
“One van.”
“Four, Lansing.”
Lansing tipped his chin at the surrounding eavesdroppers. “And this throng you’ve brought?”
“Thirteen scouts. They know the land.”
“I know the land. It’s not a complicated layout.”
“Nine vets.”
“For what? We’re not saving these beasts.”
Eccles walked around the crowd, grabbing elbows, pointing at Lansing. “Nine vets. Thirteen scouts. Six cooks. Eight drivers for the vans. Three overseers. Seven porters. The hounds’ll be here soon. We have pocket coaxers programmed with sixty kinds of brindle call. We’ll teach you how to find and use the biomass sensors while — ”
“Wasn’t the contract explained to you?” Lansing said.
“You should be grateful for the assistance. Call your shooters over, I’ll explain how the pocket coaxers operate.”
“My shooters are busy doing real work.” Lansing shook his head. “No technology. It’s outlawed by the guild.”
“That’s ludicrous.”
“Dogs and sensors and coaxers? That’s not sport, that’s not the guild. One van, two drivers. I don’t want all your people, I don’t need them all.”
The crowd pushed inward. Lansing pushed back, sliced through the bodies and found the eight men who’d come with the vans. He inspected their hands, pointed at the two men with the most calluses and said, “You and you.”
“Do you know what sacrifice means?” Eccles said, moving forward. The crowd moved with him, keeping Eccles in their protective nucleus. “Anyone steps past that gate’s forever tainted. We don’t know if the pox can cross species. The people you see here? They’ll be banished from Wildernesse once this escapade’s done. They know this, and here they are. That’s sacrifice.”
“Now they won’t have to.” Lansing unsheathed his Bedoui. The crowd jerked back like a scalded hand.
“Are you suddenly in charge?” Eccles said.
“I’ve always been in charge,” Lansing said. “One van, two drivers. Anyone else follows us, I’ll shoot their knees out.”
“This exile goes for you, too, Lansing. This is your homeworld.” Eccles was looking down at his hands, powerless to stop their fidgeting. “Even if you complete the contract, you’ll have to leave Wildernesse forever. Think about that, Lansing. Maybe you should let the other three do this without you. I’m sure they’d be smart enough to take the help we’re offering.”
Eccles looked up and realized he’d been talking to himself. The crowd was getting back on the bus, only two men had boarded one of the vans, and Lansing was already through the front gate.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 4

The bulk cruiser stuttered to another stop. Bledsoe got up and shook his legs. His clothing smelled like the hard rubber floor he’d been sitting on. Substeerage, he thought. They promise to send me fancy, and it’s substeerage.
He was standing in a cul-de-sac constructed of tall crates. One of substeerage’s three long niches. Bledsoe had claimed it when he’d boarded at Aceldama. Other passengers in the open hold slept on boxes, chairs, each other. The smell of this human warehouse in the ship’s rectum had multiplied in the few days since Aceldama. It wasn’t just the pungent rubber floor: there were no showers, the garbage slots had been mischievously clogged, and few people had the constitution to outlast the hour-long waits for the sole toilet.
The ceiling’s pipes were hidden by Styrofoam tiles but made their presence known through a tremolando symphony of whines and clangs.
“Crenndover,” a charming voice announced. “All passengers debarking should make their way to the drop-off chambers. Crenndover.”
“Crenndover,” said a man behind the crates. “Bendover,” laughing.
Bledsoe took a step toward the open end of the niche. The woman sleeping there pushed herself up on her hands and looked around like an alert dog. Her brown hair was combed back, tucked behind pointed ears. It grew down to her shoulders, ending in a ragged line that looked as if it had been trimmed by a child. Her blue leather jumpsuit was defiled with nicks and tears and irregular patches.
Bledsoe took another step, and the woman got to her knees. “Cass, stay,” Bledsoe said. Cass shook her head. She fingered the thick collar that imprisoned her neck from chin to collarbone and all the way around.
“Cass, stay. Stay.”
He walked around the crates to the card game in the adjacent niche. Five men were sitting in a circle on the floor, playing poker. The largest man in the bunch was assessing his cards through two purple shiners. He was holding the cards with his right hand. The fingers on his left hand were mummified in strips of cloth and taped together around a steel sheet.
“We’re sleeping over there,” Bledsoe said.
“We’re here, man. Bendover,” said the dealer, a small man who pecked his head like a pigeon.
“Listen, bandidos,” Bledsoe said. “I’ve only one more stop. Make all the noise you want after.”
The dealer said, “We get any louder, he’ll break your other hand for you, Fergus. We’ll need to make you another splint.” He pecked his head, looked up at Bledsoe, said, “Man, we have to ask, I have to ask, how do you cut your nails with only one arm?”
Bledsoe laughed along with them, then kicked the dealer in the face. Bledsoe scattered their chips, grabbed the dealer by the hair and said, “I bite them. My nails. I bite everything. Including pigeons.”
The other bandidos laughed even harder. Bledsoe walked back to his niche. The poker game resumed with hushed bets.
Substeerage, Bledsoe thought again. He sat down across from Cass and used his right hand to comb his lank grey hair. The error that had claimed his left arm hadn’t claimed the whole thing. He’d been left with an uneven stump that ended halfway down his biceps. He’d paid a doctor to remove the stump because it was too small to be of use, to brace anything to his side, and, anyway, he thought it made him look weak.
With the stump gone, he felt more dignified. He felt more dignified now than when he’d had both arms. To Bledsoe, the missing limb was a badge, a shortcoming conquered. The operation also simplified his hunting wardrobe. For months he’d tied off his sleeve at the elbow or folded it back with pins. Quick fixes to secure the flapping sleeve that delighted in snagging itself on table corners, doorknobs, angry passersby.
After the stump’s removal, Bledsoe amputated the left sleeve from all his shirts. He’d always trumpeted his excellent taste by wearing expensive clothes, and the pounds of lost sleeves added up to thousands of dollars in wasted material. He donated the sleeves to a perplexed charity clerk.
He thought, Have to wash this shirt probably five times to get the rubber stink out.
He looked at his smooth, perfect nails. Never bit them a day in my life, he thought.
Cass was asleep again, curled up with her knees to her face, unconscious fingers picking at the patches on her jumpsuit. Bledsoe tucked her hands between her legs. Cass opened her eyes, lifted her head for a few seconds, went back to sleep.
The ship stammered and took off. The pipes began another concert. The card game grew noisy again, but before Bledsoe could get up, the gamblers shushed themselves.
Bledsoe watched the rhythmic contractions of Cass’ chest and marveled at the way she could look comfortable in the most uncomfortable environments. During their three days on the cruiser, Bledsoe hadn’t slept more than nine hours total.
He put his arm over his bent knees and closed his eyes, trying to coerce drowsiness. Should be on a resort ship, he thought. At the very least a Longliner. An audition. Crazy. I should be running RifleHire, not vying for a vacancy.
Bledsoe had been barred from The Orion Guild for committing the cardinal sporting sin: man hunting. Unlike his frugal associates, Bledsoe hadn’t saved enough money to coast through the two-year dry spell that nearly ruined the guild a decade ago. After every hunt, Bledsoe’s money became chum in a feeding frenzy of vice.
Midway through the dry spell, a representative from the planet Clemency found Bledsoe sitting at the counter of a seedy diner, eating a bowl of plain pasta.
The rep introduced himself and asked Bledsoe if there was room for a new client on his schedule.
Bledsoe grunted, sipped his water.
“Can you maybe stop eating and look me in the eye?” the rep said.
“Tell me something interesting and I’ll stop, friend. I’m the guild’s Grand Marksman. So far I haven’t heard any mention of payment.”
“Enough to get you in better restaurants eating pasta with sauce. We had seven inmates escape a week ago. They’re hiding in the bushveld surrounding the penitentiary ’cause isn’t nowhere else they could be. We’ve never had a breakout, ever. Other places, they send us their criminals for this very reason.”
He took the seat next to Bledsoe, watched him in the mirror across the counter. “The way the seven escaped, it’s been fixed so it can’t happen twice. They died escaping is the story we put out to keep the calm. They escaped, so maybe you could see to it that the rest of the story comes true.”
“You say you’re from a place called Clemency?”
“It’s a misleading name.”
Over a mouthful of spaghetti Bledsoe said, “Notice I haven’t put my fork and spoon down yet. You mentioned money, and that’s a start. What say you finish by putting an amount to it.”
The rep quoted a number. Bledsoe put down his silverware.
He told Raab he was going on vacation when the truth was he couldn’t even afford the ticket to Clemency without an advance on his fee. Bledsoe switched cruisers at every hub, changed disguises each morning, talked to no one. He spent more energy getting to Clemency unnoticed than he did on the forbidden contract. The inmates left their campfires burning all night, disturbed every shrub they passed, left a trail of uncovered scat.
Bledsoe blew only half his salary on illicit stimuli during the return trip. No accusing guild members confronted him at Port Johannesburg. On his taxi ride back to the guild, Bledsoe decided he’d use the balance of his Clemency fee to live quietly until the next contract. The next respectable contract.
He suppressed his debilitating hangover and bounded through the entrance hall. He wore his best vacation face and hummed a popular dance song. Every active guild member was assembled in the great den.
“I was gone just a few weeks,” Bledsoe said. “Didn’t think I’d be missed this much.”
No one responded.
“Some kinda meeting? Are we going under?” They can’t know, he thought.
One by one they turned their backs on him, everyone in the room but Raab. Bledsoe wished Raab had turned his back as well. Even though the man was half-blind, he summoned a devastating glare sharp enough to pierce Bledsoe’s conscience.
Since Raab was the only one facing him, it was to Raab that Bledsoe addressed his lame excuse: “They told me it was a standard find-and-bind. Didn’t learn the truth till I landed. The rifles I brought with me were the only two on the whole fucking planet, Raab. Clemency, what a stupid name. They stuck me with three mean escorts. They would’ve killed me if I didn’t — ”
He ran out of words. Raab maintained his glare. Bledsoe found more words. “I had to! Answer me! Somebody fucking answer me! All of you are so much better than I am. No one here’s ever made a mistake. Least tell me how you found out. Do me one last courtesy and tell me how.”
One of the house squires slammed a box down by Bledsoe’s feet. Bledsoe heard his belongings shatter.
He left the box on the floor. He turned his back on the guild and its stern regulations by pimping himself to the types of clients they refused. Bledsoe made no secret of his former affiliation and rejected no contract as too immoral. Despite his growing reputation as an expert man hunter, Bledsoe didn’t enjoy the work any more than he had at the guild. To Bledsoe, humans were just another category of game, and hardly the most intelligent. The only characteristic that truly set humans apart was their ability to beg for their lives in words Bledsoe understood but ignored.
Two years into his new career, Bledsoe noticed that his targets were becoming more elusive. Some vanished completely, forcing Bledsoe to refund advances and explain his failures. A large portion of his clientele were midnight organizations whose contracts were time-sensitive. Bledsoe’s justifications were answered with threats, so he decided to switch markets.
Governments paid less but were more tolerant. He worked this beat for a year, and again saw an alarming rise in his quarry’s escape rate. While stalking a corrupt diplomat through a city of short tenements, Bledsoe was nearly killed by a sniper. Only one building was tall enough for that kind of shot.
Bledsoe surprised the sniper outside the lobby elevator, stole the man’s rifle, pushed him back into the elevator. Bledsoe’s own rifles were in their scabbards. The sniper, black with straight blond hair, came at Bledsoe with a Fairbairn-Sykes as the glass doors sealed them in the glass box. Bledsoe dropped the rifle, trapped the sniper’s knife hand in a forearm cross, and disarmed him a second time.
The sniper whined about his broken wrist. Bledsoe pocketed the knife, picked up the rifle and said, “I remember you, Imam.”
Imam was slumped in the corner, holding his wrist.
Bledsoe hit the button for the roof. “That’s twenty-eight floors you’ve got to tell me why.”
The elevator began its roll call. “TWO, THREE.”
Imam tested his wrist, pursed his lips. He looked up at Bledsoe as if making a decision, then seemed to change his mind about something.
“SIX, SEVEN.”
Bledsoe said, “If you don’t wanna die sitting down, I’d rethink whatever conclusion it was you just came to. There’s better ways to go out than sitting down.”
“And there’s ample time for me to retaliate,” Imam said.
“With one good hand? The guild’s been interfering with my contracts.”
“You’re such an awful tracker, it was no problem us getting to them before you.”
“TEN, ELEVEN.”
“Hitting my targets first? So the guild’s no better than I am. Hypocrites.”
“Hitting? Saving. We gave them tickets to somewhere safe and made sure they got there. Raab calls it whisking.”
“FOURTEEN, FIFTEEN.”
“We’re putting you outta business, Bledsoe. We’ve been telling you, for years now, sell your rifle. Read between your failures.”
“Blunt trumps subtle, Blondie. Never be subtle. There’s gonna be more after you?”
“EIGHTEEN, NINETEEN.”
“Twenty!” Bledsoe shouted. “Fast and clear, Blondie, ’cause you don’t have many floors left.”
“Gimme me your eyetooth,” Imam said. “I bring it back, Raab calls this off, you get some peace. Retire, go buy yourself a house somewhere. Buy a wife to go with it.”
“And you’ll be ‘The One Who Bagged Bledsoe.’ ”
“Everybody’s happy all around.”
“Do I look happy?” Bledsoe said. “Twenty-eight.”
Ding!
Bledsoe threw Imam off the roof. Blunt, he thought, they should have no trouble reading between that.
He found the diplomat cowering on the twenty-fourth floor.
Thirty guild members came after him. Some of them he knew, most of them he didn’t. Bledsoe killed fifteen. They all died from steep falls. One he’d had to tie up and drive five miles to a rocky precipice high enough to do the job — Bledsoe had established a pattern and didn’t want to confuse the guild by deviating.
A tiny woman, a guild member, came the closest to killing him. She didn’t come close enough for Bledsoe to see if he recognized her. For most of that paranoid year, she was just a few steps behind him; then one day, she was gone. All his assassins were gone.
He gingerly accepted new contracts, found his targets unawares, and life for Bledsoe returned to normal.
Until it went downhill fast.
“Bledsoe.”
He opened his eyes. They send me a girl, he thought.
“Bledsoe,” she said.
“Gimme a second to get up.”
She shook his right hand but was staring at where the left should’ve been.
“Look as hard as you want, it isn’t gonna grow back.”
“Gonna grow — No, it isn’t,” she said. “Call me Rose.”
Bledsoe regretted his defensiveness. She wasn’t trying to be rude. His condition was a shock to some people. And she was pretty. Good and tall. Dirty blonde hair in long, trendy clumps. Buttermilk skin. Dark clothes elegantly tailored. Her breasts were squashed under her tight shirt, but Bledsoe had a feeling that, once free of constriction, they’d be lovely.
Rose sighed in his direction and dropped her backpack and rifle scabbard. Bledsoe inhaled her sigh and thought, Even her breath is sweet.
He said, “I was wondering when someone was gonna come meet me.”
“I got on at Crenndover. It was easier that way.” She spoke in a lethargic monotone.
“So do you wanna go over how this is done? You guys’ve been vague so far.”
“I do,” Rose said, “but I haven’t had sex in twenty-four hours, and you’re here.”
She put her back to the crates and motioned for Bledsoe to come hither. She pulled down her pants and panties with all the passion of a medical exam. Bledsoe loosened his belt and used his thumb to push his pants and boxers to the floor. He touched her slick vagina but she grabbed his wrist and said, “I don’t have time for that.” She pressed his palm to her buttocks.
He entered her easily. Rose did most of the work. The humid air in substeerage caused them both to break out in a rash of sweat. Rose unbuttoned her shirt. Before Bledsoe could get in a good ogle, the cruiser lurched and the crates behind him slid inward, narrowing their alley by half. Rose put one foot up against the crates, then the other. Her legs kept Bledsoe locked in place. Both her arms were around his neck.
Bledsoe lifted his hand off her rear and stroked Rose’s lower back. He joined her moans in a lewd duet. He thought, Electric fingers still got the charge. Then he scratched an itch on his chest and realized Rose hadn’t stopped moaning. He slowed down but she shook him like a paint mixer. She jabbed him in the ribs with her bootheels, like spurs.
Bledsoe pressed his knees against the crates behind Rose and pumped twice as fast. He thought, Scare her into coming quickly.
Rose matched his speed, then doubled it.
Bledsoe leaned forward, put his hand back on her rear and closed his eyes.
He felt her shirt slip down to her elbows. His eyes snapped open. Her breasts were smaller than he’d hoped. Bite marks blurred the nipples. She didn’t kiss him, but she was panting inches from his nose and Bledsoe discovered that the tang of her breath wasn’t sweet, it was sour. She put her hands on his shoulders and he saw a year’s worth of sweaty, wavy hair in her underarms.
Rose’s head bobbed with her hips. Her hair fell in Bledsoe’s face. He wasn’t surprised to discover that the shine was actually oil. The clumps weren’t the result of fashionable styling but sickening uncleanliness.
The gamblers had abandoned their cards and were watching along with Cass. Rose didn’t seem to care, so Bledsoe ignored them.
Rose climaxed well before Bledsoe. Her aggressive gyrations culminated in a spasmodic shivering Bledsoe thought would tear him apart.
The gamblers dispersed after that. Cass fell asleep again. The crates ceased creaking, and Rose hung from Bledsoe’s neck like a dead monkey.
“Do you want me to pull out before?” he said.
Rose shrugged.
Bledsoe felt as if he were masturbating without his hand. He came inside Rose to spite her lack of effort.
“Are you done?” she said.
Bledsoe let go of her buttocks. “Thanks for your help at the end there.”
They dressed like strangers in a locker room. Silently, no eye contact, motions brisk. Again, she finished before him. They sat facing each other.
“You do know what this hunt is,” Rose said. “It’s a tryout.”
“I do, but I don’t see the use of it. I’ve been hunting over forty years. I was in the guild for twenty of those years and when I was there — Honey, I was a Grand Marksman.”
“Was, was, was.”
“Everybody that knows who I am, they know I’m the best.”
“At hunting people, maybe.”
“RifleHire hunts people.”
“We certainly do.”
“Then I must be mistaking your monotone for scorn.”
“Must be,” Rose said. “I don’t judge anyone by what they choose to kill. I’m a firm believer in people’s hunts choose them, not the other way round. Could be what you’re detecting is disappointment. I’m looking at you, you’ve got one arm. Grey hair down past your chin with only a few strands of black. Those wrinkles make your face look like snakeskin that’s been shed. Skills fade, you’re old. Nice clothes can’t hide either of those.”
The muscles in Bledsoe’s arm stiffened. “I feel young. I’m not so old I couldn’t keep up with you.”
“I’ve had older, and they put more bounce in the job than you did. Fucking takes five, ten minutes. A contract goes on a week or two. Have you got the stamina?”
“That’s why I get a chaperone?”
“Ever heard of Graelick?”
“Not for a couple years. Never met him. He was in the papers a while. Read a few articles about him.”
“Stories, fiction. His reputation was nothing more than a few curious facts snowballed. The man had one lucky hunt. This reporter follows him around, and he’s a better writer than Graelick is a hunter. Still, you believe what you read.”
She scratched at the side of her head as if digging out buried lice. “When Graelick came to us, we were glad to have him. There was an opening, he was available. The guy couldn’t have chased down a mansion.”
Rose stopped scratching, there was blood on her nails. “Since then, I don’t care who you are, I’ve gotta see you in the field first.”
“And who are you?”
“Someone with a good eye. You came to us, Bledsoe.”
“Six months ago,” Bledsoe said. He crossed his legs Indian style. His knees were sore from banging into the crates. He wanted to rub them but was afraid Rose would mistake his soreness for rheumatism. “I came to you,” he said, “but let’s don’t pretend I’m no good for RifleHire. There’s a hell of a lot more articles about me than this Graelick, and mine are true. I bring plenty of cachet.”
“Negative cachet.”
“I’ll raise your profile, that’s what you need. The guild dominates all the contracts. I’ve been hunting more years than you are old. Auditions? This isn’t community goddam theater. I’m shocked you put me in this position.”
“Don’t be so shocked when I reject you,” Rose said. “I’d expect it.”
Bledsoe said, “Why you took so long to set this up — ”
“When there’s an opening, we only schedule auditions for contracts we’ve lost to the guild. Can’t risk another Graelick screwing up a moneymaker. Sometimes they don’t underbid us for months.”
“Why is there an opening? Someone quit? Someone die?” He rubbed his knees anyway, they were too sore.
“I’m not gonna explain everything to you, Bledsoe. You need to focus. But I’ll jump outta character and tell you something might help. I’m sure you figured this out already. You’d better be outfuckingstanding. Embarrass the guild on Wildernesse. Beat them this hunt if you can.”
“The teeth,” Bledsoe said.
“The teeth. I’ve a friend at the guild will give me their tally afterward. It’s not a requirement you beat their numbers, but it would go a long way.”
“A long way to what?”
“Respect, if I do let you in. We have a hierarchy of respect. You don’t wanna come in on the bottom, not when you first come in.”
“I won’t.”
“You wouldn’t want that.”
“It won’t happen, Rose. I really like the way you talk to me like I’m some snotty brat.”
“Two things you should be thinking about always,” she said. “Impressing me and killing brindles. My report, the way you behave for the next seven days, that goes in my report. Well I don’t wanna sound self-important, but here it is. What I think’s all that matters. From your standpoint, I am RifleHire. You get in or not on my say-so. Why do you let this bum sleep near you?”
Rose lashed out with her boot to kick Cass awake. Cass was on her feet before Rose could connect. She sidestepped Rose and lay down next to Bledsoe. He cradled her head in his lap, stroked her hair.
“This is Cass,” he said. “Think of her as my bird dog.”
“I wasn’t told you had a helper.”
“She doesn’t shoot, she tracks.”
“RifleHire doesn’t allow assistants, or hand-holders. This is the second unpleasant surprise today. I’m unimpressed already. You’re gonna have to work pretty hard just to get back up to flat. A bird dog. Killing her now would go a long way. You can use my rifle if it’ll make you feel better, make it easier on you.”
“Fuck you,” Bledsoe said. “Fuck RifleHire if that’s what their culture is like.”
“We’ll work it out later. Get your stuff together, we’ll be there soon.” She put on her backpack, carried the rifle scabbard.
“Cass, bags.”
Cass slipped her rucksack over her shoulders and picked up Bledsoe’s rifle scabbard. Both were heavy, but Cass didn’t complain.
Cass walked with a slight stoop because two of her vertebrae were partially fused. They’d healed wrong after Bledsoe had beaten her for losing the trail of a hexibex. Cass hadn’t complained.
Her collar flattened her windpipe if she looked down too fast. She’d long ago learned not to look down too fast, but even if she forgot, she wouldn’t complain.
Her small nose was supernaturally acute. She was the best tracker Bledsoe had ever seen. He didn’t compliment her enough. Cass never complained.
It was impossible for Bledsoe to express it so she’d comprehend, but he was grateful for her stoic nature. He imagined it was the result of her feral heritage. The only physical manifestation of her savage genes was two pointed ears. Otherwise, Cass looked like an ordinary woman. Too thin perhaps, a little stooped maybe, but human.
She followed Bledsoe and Rose out of the niche, through the hold, between sleeping degenerates, down marked hallways.
The drop room was crowded with stacks of cardboard boxes held together with clear plastic wrap. Bledsoe wanted to take his knife, gut the boxes, see what fell out. They weren’t labeled but Bledsoe knew what was inside — contraband taken off passengers on their way through the security corridors. There would also be blocks of solid human waste and compressed garbage. It was an old cruiser scam, off-loading rubbish with passengers to save the cost of proper disposal. By the time the illegal dumpings were discovered, the ships were too far away for reprisal.
Bledsoe enjoyed rooting through the boxes. Sometimes he found quality hats and books, stuff he’d rather not buy and didn’t mind used. Unfortunately he did come across the occasional shit square, but to him that was acceptable.
Bledsoe left his knife — the Fairbairn-Sykes he’d taken off Imam — in its belt sheath. He didn’t think Rose would appreciate a game of Pot-Luck Trash. Opposite the knife on his belt was a flare gun in a holster.
Cass sat down between Rose and Bledsoe, bit her toenails, pulled her head back to check the accuracy of her nibbles, bit them again. Her bare feet were shod with heavy scars.
Rose watched in disgust. “Does she speak?”
“She listens,” Bledsoe said. “Not much of a talker, no. Every once in a while she’ll surprise me with a word, but she has no idea what it means. I found her on a contract. She’s the only one of her kind to ever wear any clothes.”
“That’s, that is quite an accomplishment,” Rose said, looking away.
The ship sputtered, swung left, swung right, and settled slowly. The dump room’s walls opened up like flower petals. The floor tilted downward. Bledsoe, Rose, and Cass jumped out of the room to avoid the sliding boxes.
The boxes crashed to the ground, their plastic wrap barely holding in their split intestines.
Rose pointed at Cass and said, “Did she shit her pants?”
“It’s not Cass,” Bledsoe said, “it’s the boxes.”
The bulk cruiser shimmied up on its legs, choked the air with noxious burps, and took off.
“This is some planet,” Bledsoe said. “All I see’s dead grass. Where the fuck are we?”
“About four miles from Preserve 3,” Rose said. “This was as close as the cruiser captain could get us. Lemme see your rifle.”
“Cass, rifle,” Bledsoe said. Cass drew the gun from the scabbard, gave Bledsoe the gun, and he passed it to Rose. He said, “It’s an old semiautomatic Tikka T7 Sotilas. You’ve never seen a more reliable firearm.”
“I really doubt that.” Rose examined the rifle as if it were a jewel of questionable pedigree. “Barrel’s got rust mites. The stock needs refinishing. The bedding’s shifted. I can see all this without taking her apart, and there’s no time for that.” She flipped it over the boxes.
“You want me to hunt bare-handed?” Bledsoe yelled. “Why would you do that? Cass, gun.”
“She puts her claws on that gun,” Rose said, “you fail. Instantly.”
“Cass, stop.”
“You’ll use this. It’s also a semi. My own design.” Rose handed him her rifle in an onyx-plated scabbard engraved with gold lighthouses.
Bledsoe looped the scabbard strap over his empty shoulder and unsheathed the gun. He hefted it, tried out a number of stances, checked to make sure it was unloaded, then dry-fired at imaginary targets. “Don’t see how it’s any better than what I had. Why don’t you hold on to this one — ”
“Forget the other gun. It’s gone. I want you using this one.”
“Cass’ll carry the other one. She won’t complain. It’s no trouble for Cass.”
“Bledsoe, I’m done arguing. This rifle’s yours till the end of the contract. If that other one’s still here when we finish, pick it up then.”
“Is she chambered for .30/06? Because that’s the only ammo I got on me, that’s what I was told to bring.”
“Why do you think that’s the size you were told to take?”
Bledsoe played with the gun some more. “It’s heavy but nice. Don’t much care for these vents under the barrel. Made it yourself? You think you’re the next Slocombe?”
“He’s my father.”
“Didn’t know he had kids. Got any of his stuff?”
“I’m slowly getting it all back. Preserve’s to the east. Let’s get moving before we’re picked up by a patrol. Someone must’ve seen the cruiser touch down.”
“Cass, move,” Bledsoe said. “What’s with all this dead grass?”
Rose said, “It’s different in the preserve. You’ll see once we get past the fences.”
“And how are we getting past the fences?”
“Up to you.”
Bledsoe thought, First substeerage, I forfeit my gun, now this.
“You’ll have to get us in,” Rose said. “Start impressing me with how you get us in.” She turned around and saw that Bledsoe’s hair was up in a topknot with a rubber band. How’d he do that with only one hand? she thought.
“I guess I should thank you for the gun,” Bledsoe said. “I guess. So, thanks.”
Cass tugged her jumpsuit’s zipper up and down because she liked the noise it made.
Rose said, “I see your girl’s got at least some protection on. Don’t you wear armor?”
“Never. Don’t you?”
“I’m not the one hunting, am I.”
“This rifle’s got no scratches, it’s too new for my taste. I prefer my guns a little worn. Shows eminence.”
Cass offered Bledsoe the Tikka’s scabbard. He took it and flipped it over the boxes to join the Tikka.
Rose said, “There’s a sling in my scabbard. You may need it if this gun’s too heavy for you.”
“I didn’t say it was too heavy. Did I? I didn’t. Does it look like I’m having trouble with your gun? No. I might just bury you right here, honey. Right here on Wildernesse. This job doesn’t mean so much to me I’m gonna eat shit for seven days. I tried being polite, now I’m just gonna be myself. Keep feeding me shit and I’ll bite your hand off clean to the wrist.”
“I don’t sugarcoat,” Rose said. “The gun’s heavy, and you’ve only got the one hand to hold it.”
“My arm’s steady enough and strong enough to compensate,” Bledsoe said. “I don’t need your sling, and I could do without your attitude.”


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 5

Wren paused. It was the ugliest animal he’d ever been contracted to kill. He licked his thumb and used it to polish the lens on his scope. Glass must be dirty, Wren thought. No way is this beast so naturally vile.
When he peered through the scope again, the brindle was just as ugly. Its head was much too large. A scruffy mane covered the brindle’s upper back and chest like a hairy vest. The rest of its body was so smooth, it seemed shaved in comparison. The bare grey skin was speckled with black ovals.
Wren watched the beast shred a dead bird with its powerful front hoofs. All four legs were bowed inward, but the thicker hind legs rippled with the muscular potential to launch itself ten or fifteen feet. Salacious curiosity prompted Wren to aim his scope between the hind legs. He did this on every hunt but never regretted it more. The crinkly genitalia — as disproportionately gargantuan as the beast’s head — were guarded by two rows of retractable thorns. Wren estimated that the sack and shaft weighed thirty pounds. Conservatively.
He quickly raised his scope and put the brindle’s head back in view. The mane didn’t begin until well past the crown, giving this and all brindles the appearance of baldness, of false age. That’s anthropomorphism, Wren thought, don’t be fooled. Lansing won’t be.
Its face was mostly snout, a black W whose smoky nostrils overflowed with weedy cilia. The eyes were recessed under a round, split brow. Wren hadn’t expected the eyes to be so vibrant. In the few photos he’d studied, brindle eyes were flat, lifeless circles, another grey dot on a beast dotted with grey.
The brindle flicked the bird into his mouth. His yellow teeth, varying from dandelion to amber, were a stark contrast to the grey. Wren was too far away to hear the beast chewing but his imagination provided the absent sounds. There were two extra teeth on the left side of the jaws, a set of elongated upper and lower canines. They passed each other at the end of each bite, giving the brindle a rakish expression. Anthropomorphism again, Wren thought.
The beast was 200 yards away, standing atop a low hill, the first in a series of hills, one behind the other, straight like a spine. The hilltops were covered in dead birds. Wren watched the brindle’s snout pile up the birds in front of him as his wiry tail patted the grass and collected those from behind him.
An insect burrowed into Wren’s ear. He lowered his rifle to give the bug his complete attention. It took his pinkie nail a few minutes to dredge his auditory canal. The wayward bug came out a waxy smudge.
Wren looked to the left and right. Four miles of ankle-high grass in both directions. He couldn’t see the fences that marked the preserve’s northern and southern borders, nor did he see any bulbs of grazing brindles. The only ones in sight, a paltry few, were on the hills due east.
He knew a pack of them was called a bulb, but that was almost all he knew about them. He hadn’t had time between his last contract and this one to do any solid reading, considering the amount of obsessive-compulsive rituals he needed to perform between jobs.
Wren knew that the hills were tucking brindles between their grassy humps. The brindles had been drawn to the hills by an aromatic buffet of dead bird air-dropped by a crop duster less than an hour ago. Lansing had cursed Eccles, loudly, for the unwanted assistance. Wren, quietly, appreciated it.
His scabbards were in a sideways Y over his rucksack, rifle stocks jutting from the left so he could reach them seamlessly, as he’d reached the Winchester he was currently holding.
He looked through the scope again. Four more brindles joined the rakish charmer Wren had been spying. Five sweet shots, Wren thought. A nice, early lead and I can’t touch them, I have to wait for Tyndal.
Nadia was crouching twenty feet behind Wren. Tyndal was at the other end of the hills, roving among the brindles there, getting into position for the pivotal First Shot that would startle the herd and start the hunt.
Nadia whistled and said, “Hey, Wren, where’d Lansing run off to?”
“He wouldn’t say.”
“He is irritable,” Nadia said. “I thought he was gonna shoot down the crop duster.”
Wren could wait no longer. He laid his scope on the nearest brindle and fired. The bullet punched through the beast’s left shoulder. Blood squirted from its nose and mouth. It coughed, faltered, and bumped the other four brindles on its way down. Before it crashed, Wren shot the others.
Nadia ran past Wren. “About time,” she shouted. “I couldn’t wait either.” She saw Tyndal a dozen hills away. He threw up his arms. The fuck you want from me? Nadia thought.
A storm cloud of brindles coalesced atop the hills. The cloud expanded, trembled, condensed, and finally exploded into scores of single-minded raindrops, each flying in its own direction.
The brindles were too addled to run in a straight line for long. They collided with each other, skidded midturn, veered east, veered north. The older brindles tired the soonest, stopped, and watched the others like stolid buoys.
There were so many convenient targets that Nadia couldn’t decide which to shoot first. She took a few seconds to study the beasts, analyzing their movements, making assumptions. She ran toward the first hill, jumped Wren’s five kills, steadied her rifle, and downed three beasts. Neck and shoulder, she thought. Their heads’ve got too much skull.
Two bulls sped by her. Nadia tagged them both through the back. That’ll do, too, she thought. The bulls folded and hit the ground hard enough to send vagrant leaves into the air. There’ll be no stalking today, Nadia thought, just a massacre.
The air was thick with the consumptive coughing of rifle fire. Lansing and Tyndal and Wren, blasting away. Wren’s gun was by far the loudest. Gunshots, pounding hoofs, brindles crying — the reverberation strummed Nadia’s armor.
Lansing was four hills ahead of Nadia, closing in on a bulb of spooked brindles. They milled around in a circle, heads down, tails flaccid. He dropped the nearest beast, a mare. She splashed into the grass with a loud thump that sparked her bulb into flight. Lansing started with the farthest brindle and worked his way back. Nadia couldn’t shoot as fast or as accurately, so she worked her way forward.
She met Lansing at the foot of the hill and said, “You don’t mind.”
“We’ve all got our totals to think of,” Lansing said. He walked between the bodies, put his hands on their chests and over their snouts. The cavities left by his bullets were stained with bright gold dye.
Nadia knelt by the haunches of the brindle closest to the hill. Even on its side the beast was half as tall as her. I could hide right in here, she thought, no one would see me. These things are too big.
Its hind leg was hanging from the pelvis on a strip of bloody tendon. The exposed meat was dyed with white glitter. Nadia straightened up and said, “Those are my colors. I must’ve gotten an artery.”
“Turn it over,” Lansing said.
Nadia used her rifle as a lever. When that didn’t work she put a shoulder to the beast’s abdomen and pushed. She groaned discreetly, twisted so both shoulders and her back were pressed to the brindle, and after seven tries tipped the carcass over. The top of its head was gone. What was left was stained Lansing Gold.
“I got an artery,” she said.
Lansing stared at her while he reloaded.
“Fine, but I know this one’s mine,” she said and pointed to another dead beast. “Glitter in the chest wound. See it?”
“Turn that one over, too.”
Nadia laughed. “You turn it over. My armor’s filthy already. I’m going north.”
“You move around too much.” Lansing winced as Wren’s baritone rifle belted out an overindulgent solo. “It’s like he’s not even aiming.”
“He stole First Shot,” Nadia said. “Guess he didn’t care you chose Tyndal.”
“I picked Tyndal so we’d be even. Tyndal was neutral. When Wren loses the challenge, I don’t want him crying about unfair advantages.”
“Now when you lose, you got something to bellyache about.” Nadia’s scabbard brace, under her rucksack, was a long V. Similar to Lansing’s X but more suited to her petite build.
Lansing took the canteen off his belt. He sprinkled his rifle with water. The water beaded and hissed on the breech and barrel, but it didn’t sizzle or evaporate. He lowered the gun, took a sip from the canteen, offered it to Nadia, who declined.
“I keep vanilla pods in there,” he said.
“I drink now, I’ll have to pee in an hour,” she said. “Thanks, I’m holding off.”
“A week’s worth of purification tabs in your canteen?”
“Yes.”
“Sunscreen?”
“This morning. I didn’t know you cared so much about me.”
“I don’t.”
“People will ta — Oh.”
“We’ve only got four hunters on this team,” Lansing said. “It would be a waste to lose one to diarrhea or a bad burn.” He put his canteen back on his belt.
Nadia sat on top of one of the dead brindles. “I hate this waiting around. Sometimes you go out on a contract, everyone’s so scared to take First Shot it could be days before you get started. Where’d that bad-luck superstition come from?”
“Get down off there,” Lansing said.
Nadia hopped off the beast. “Gotta be impressed with Wren. He’s showing initiative. You can tell me. Go on, you’re impressed. He’s making an impression, Lanz.”
“He’s making me deaf.” Lansing took a pair of earplugs from his pack. “I have another pair if you want.”
“Don’t need them.”
“I keep forgetting, someone young as you doesn’t think about hearing loss.” Lansing stuffed the plugs in his ears. They weren’t designed to block out all noise but to make it less grand, an orchestra reduced to a quartet.
He walked east.
“Why didn’t you pick me instead of Tyndal?” Nadia yelled. “I’m neutral, too. You can’t hear me because you’re wearing those stupid fucking plugs.”
Without turning around, Lansing gave her the finger.
Nadia went north, away from the hills. She circled a bulb of dead brindles. Their crumpled faces were glazed with Lansing Gold. There’s no way, Nadia thought. They charged him and he got all fifteen? When?
A single Halloween tree stood nearby. Its skinny black trunk was harder than metal. Orange branches and leaves pointed upward like an inverted umbrella. Nadia couldn’t see the northern fence, but she could see a lot more black and orange up that way. I got time for north, she thought. Maybe that’s where the brindles are.
The pubic grass was soft enough that it didn’t slow her down, but the blades left her boots sticky with seeds. While standing, Nadia balanced herself on her left leg, crossed her right ankle over her left knee, and scraped the seeds with her nails. The seeds popped off but left hard, opaque nettles in her boots. She was about to switch legs when a sleepy brindle walked past her, bit off some pubic grass, yawned, went up to the lone Halloween tree, used it as a backscratcher. The mare returned toward Nadia wearing orange leaves.
Nadia shot her in the chest, but the bullet shattered and some shrapnel came back her way. Nadia swerved too late. She felt something skim her hamstring, then heard the mare run past her. Nadia shot the beast through the anus.
She ambled over to the wounded mare. Dark saliva bubbled from its mouth. It tried to stand by kicking out its legs. Nadia said, “That was a rude shot, up the asshole. I’m sorry. That’s no way to go.” She put the rifle to the mare’s ear and pulled the trigger. “Sorry, baby. If my original shot had been better, you’d have gone out right.”
The mare’s legs fluttered, and she exhaled one last time.
Nadia didn’t think the bullet chunk had gone through her armor. She felt a small cleft halfway up her hamstring, but she cared for her armor so infrequently that the cleft could’ve been six years old. It was dry. Nadia jogged in place, felt no pain, and moved on.
She continued north for half an hour. The far trees didn’t seem any closer. Nadia lost interest in them and turned east again. There weren’t many shooting options this distant from the hills, so to while away the time, Nadia kept a color tally of the dead brindles she passed. Tyndal, nine. Wren, twelve. Lansing’s lead was so great, Nadia left him off her chart completely.
She saw two live brindles over the next three hours. The first one survived six bullets before succumbing to massive blood loss. The other brindle ran right by Nadia and she let it go.
When Nadia was certain none of her peers was around, she sat in an abnormally tall patch of grass and closed her eyes.
A fly sting woke her. Nadia smacked her cheek and used her fingers to wipe the dead bug off her skin. She squinted at the coppery sun, but she was unfamiliar with the Wildernesse sky and didn’t know how many hours were in a local day. It was still bright out. Nadia guessed it was afternoon.
She stood, tired, ready for a second nap. Lansing ran up a hill fifty yards south and fired off a single shot. Nadia calculated the bullet’s trajectory and saw Lansing’s prey, a brindle moving so fast it was a grey blur. In an instant the blur became distinct and tumbled into the grass. What’s that thirty, forty? Nadia thought.
She noticed that Lansing was firing his Marlin Model 336. She thought, His main gun must’ve gotten too hot, it’s in one of the scabbards. All guild scabbards were forged from titanium perforated with breeze holes to promote cooling. The process worked even if the scabbards were partially covered by a rucksack, like Lansing’s brace, or Nadia’s.
Nadia surprised a bull dining on a mound of dead birds. She allowed him to finish his meal, then shot him through the shoulder. Usually the sight of her glitter on a clean kill gave Nadia a happy chill. But she merely grunted, knowing there’d be no more enjoyment this day. This contract, either. Nadia had only come because she’d never killed a brindle and had never seen Lansing in the field. Now that she’d done both, she was ready to leave.
She found Wren a quarter mile east. He was on one knee, eye in his scope, watching a bulb of bulls a hundred yards away.
Nadia plopped down beside him. “Take your shot.”
“I want all seven,” he said.
“Pigs make poor hunters.” She was sitting on Wren’s right side, and as his right eye was buried in the scope, she stared at him freely. His right hand was tethered to the trigger guard with black netting. Nadia inched closer and saw that his fingers were gnarled like twigs. She leaned around his elbow to get a look at his left hand, which was plump and pink.
“Take the fucking shot already.” She brushed hundreds of seeds from her boots and legs. After that, she broke the nettles off with her rifle stock. She bent toward the grass and saw that she was connected to Wren through a skinny, snaking river of blood.
“Jesus, Wren, it’s coming from you.”
“What is?”
“The blood, the grass. Your armor, Wren. It’s dripping off your shins.” Nadia ripped out a lock of moist grass and trickled it over the front end of Wren’s scope.
Wren lowered his gun and blew the grass at Nadia. “None of it’s mine. I had one brindle practically explode all over me. If you shoot them in the heart, step back. Have you seen Lansing? He having any luck?”
“You really wanna know?”
Wren reassumed his shooting stance. Nadia watched his head twist and turn as he got intimate with the eyepiece again.
“Fuck off, Nadia. If you don’t mind, I’ve been watching these bulls for twenty minutes.”
“I could’ve painted their portrait in less time.”
“Only a few hours till Lansing calls the day. I don’t see any other brindles around, so I’m not gonna screw these shots by rushing.”
“Where’s this morning’s rah-rah get-up-and-go?”
Wren was about to commit when the van roared to a stop somewhere behind him. Doors slamming, men grunting.
“What are they doing?” Wren said.
“Turn around,” Nadia said.
One driver had a dead brindle by the forelegs, the other driver had the hind legs, and together they dragged the carcass toward the van.
“Hey,” Wren said. “Has that one been claimed?”
The drivers were walking backward, legs bent, shirts bunched around their elbows. They pulled the beast through a pile of brindleshit. They laughed.
Wren jumped up and beat them to the van. “Has it been claimed?”
“Claimed by who?” Driver One said. “Move, we have to get around to the incinerator.”
“Yeah, it’s claimed,” Driver Two said. “By me. I claim it dead.”
“That’s proclaim,” Driver One said with a grin.
“Its tooth,” Wren said. “Upper right canine.”
Wren planted his foot on the brindle’s stomach. The drivers rocked the beast side to side. Wren smiled and helped them a little. When the beast had enough momentum, the drivers hurled it at him. Wren dodged the flying brindle. It struck the van, knocked it back a few feet, dented the radiator grille.
Driver One said, “Has to be you don’t know why you’re here.” Then, in singsong: “These things are sick, you’re supposed to kill them. You kill them, we burn them. Keep holding us up, nothing gets burned. Simple. Just, like, you.”
“Didn’t you read the contract?” Wren said. He knelt by the beast’s head, grabbed a hunk of lip and peeled it back. He also got a good glimpse of the brindle’s chest. Of the killshot. It looked as if a dog had gnawed its way out. The organs, the scraps that were left, were tinted green. “How many brindles have you jerks burned already? How many green ones?”
While Wren argued with the drivers, Nadia shot the seven bulls. That she enjoyed. She would’ve enjoyed Wren’s tantrum when he discovered the theft, but by then Nadia was strolling the knobbly hills at Preserve 3’s equator.
Two dozen brindles lay across the hills like spinal cysts. A gust of barrel midges dived from carcass to carcass, spackling bullet holes with a gooey secretion. Nadia interrupted their flight path and the bugs filled her nose and mouth. She sneezed and gagged, sprinting from the swarm, combing the stragglers from her hair. With a stiff forefinger Nadia cleaned out her nostrils and gums. She hoped the coffee grounds in her mouth weren’t eggs. She sucked on her cheeks and swallowed.
“Your throat will make a nice womb.”
Tyndal was standing over a brindle whose sunken withers were dyed blue. Its mouth, home to a colony of barrel midges, was wedged open with his canteen. Tyndal showed Nadia his wooden mallet, then hacked at the right side of the jaws until it came apart like hard cheese. He cleaned the mallet on the brindle’s mane and retrieved his canteen. He popped the lid, took a drink, said, “Thirsty work.” He tossed the canteen to Nadia. “Might wanna wash down those eggs, give ’em a nice thorough drowning in your stomach.”
Nadia drank all his water.
“That’s half a bottle you owe me,” Tyndal said. “Pull down your pants, we’ll call it even.”
She tossed the canteen back to him and said, “So how’s my favorite perv?”
“Hard as a rock. I’d love to show you.”
“Rocks scare me.”
Tyndal laughed and said, “What are you, twenty-one?”
“Twenty-nine.”
“And you look like a schoolgirl. I think that’s what I like about you so much. My adolescent angel. Checkered skirts and homework. My sleeping bag fits two.”
“I’ll tell Wren.”
Tyndal fell to his knees laughing. He was still laughing when he took the brindle by the ears and dumped out its teeth. He spread them on the grass, frowned, and stuck his canteen back into the brindle’s mouth.
“Stubborn motherfucker,” he said. “Just about the last one left.” He pinched the upper right canine and rowed it back and forth like a tiny oar. Tyndal’s scabbards were attached to his belt at the small of his back, crossed, pointing right and left.
Nadia walked over to him and rubbed his neck. She said, “Lansing hasn’t called the day yet.”
“I’m not gonna spend my night rolling humps and pulling teeth. Checking wounds for my color. I been pulling teeth all day.”
“You should splurge for something stronger, your mallet, something with a little whack to it.”
“This one works most of the time. I’d rather spend my money on pu — On female companionship.”
“You have to pay for it?”
“I don’t, but they’re more agreeable when I do, and faster.”
The tooth came out with a banner of gum and root. Tyndal opened the URC pouch on his hip and dropped the tooth inside.
“Don’t you clean it first?” Nadia said.
“Tonight I’ll clean them, when the rest of you sharpshooters are going color-blind. Is this mine? Is that mine?” He stood up, careful not to put any weight on his hands doing so.
“How many teeth did you pull exactly?” Nadia said. “Your pouch sounds heavy.”
“I don’t brag. But come over to my sleeping bag tonight, I’ll let you count them.” He gave her a mock salute and said, “I’m gonna try south. Haven’t been that way yet.”
Nadia waved and walked off.
Tyndal went south. He didn’t see any bulbs but he also didn’t feel any of the self-imposed pressure that had botched his morning with panic. His tooth pouch was so heavy, Tyndal wished he had challenged Lansing.
Big apartment, Tyndal thought, steady work. No bullshit from cocky squires. I deserve Grand Marksman. Lansing’s way too young to have a title. Tyndal, Grand Marksman. On me it fits. They keep counting me out and I keep proving them wrong. Hell, I keep counting me out.
He didn’t blame Wren for robbing him of First Shot. There were nine oblivious brindles he could’ve easily taken, but Tyndal had stalled, waiting for the perfect setup, waiting for them to stand in conjunction to his sun so he could kick-start this hunt with a nine-tooth lead. Eventually, they did fall into place. And Tyndal had done nothing. Panic. Buck fever. And Wren had capitalized.
Tyndal had fled from the startled brindles more out of shame than fear. He’d reached the last hill, breathless, then turned and started shooting. His hands kept the trigger and bolt active for ten full minutes. The brindles kept coming his way and Tyndal knew why: the commotion west of him was driving the beasts forward. Gunshots, pounding hoofs, brindles crying, all these sounds were a collective barrier shoving the beasts his way. Blue explosions tore the barrier down, but the beasts rebuilt it and rebuilt it.
As the other hunters drew nearer, Tyndal had retreated to maintain his profitable positioning. There were opportunities elsewhere — not every brindle had sacrificed itself to Tyndal. The other hunters took advantage of those opportunities, and their redirected violence killed Tyndal’s crop. He stuck to the hills. They’d been lucky for a little while, and throughout the day delivered occasional bulbs.
Not even Lansing’s a threat to my lead, Tyndal thought. I could have a cold gun tomorrow and I’ll still be ahead.
He opened the rib hasps on his armor. His potbelly sprang free. Tyndal lifted his undershirt, scratched at his belly button, picked out some lint. His arthritic fingers clawed involuntarily. Arthritic fingers, privately known in the guild as Nimrod’s Peril. The cure involved an escalating program of synovial thinning, joint underlays, and degranulation, procedures developed after the guild’s inception and therefore anathema.
Afflicted guild members suffered their progressive crippling in silence. On the rare occasion when someone complained about their failing knuckles, the rest of the guild — a ridiculously superstitious group — shunned the complainer for fear of contracting this particularly insular disease. It was never mentioned, it didn’t exist, and it was terminally contagious.
Tyndal relaxed his fingers. Mallet’s destroying my hand, he thought. How come it’s only Grand Marksmen get rip sticks? Shouldn’t have pulled that tooth out to impress Nadia. When I get back, I’m stealing someone’s stick, and I’m going for the cure. Davhazy’s hands mysteriously improved. I won’t be the first. Maybe have my ear looked at. Challenge fucking Lansing or Wren, whoever wins this contract.
There were no brindles to the south, so Tyndal gave up and kept parallel to the hills. If he’d bothered looking east across twenty-odd miles of preserve, he would’ve seen grass and trees, streamlets, a deep trough, the lake, a tall thick hill, and the roadblock of peach-colored cliffs.
But he was preoccupied with a wet reflection in the grass a few short miles away. We’ll hit mud tomorrow, he thought, and I’ll be a juggernaut. Mud’s my best element.
His rifle had gained at least thirty pounds since morning, but once again Tyndal found it up against his shoulder and cheek, aimed at a beautifully ugly brindle. The brindle sensed danger and charged him, a reaction Tyndal decided was common to the species. Tyndal put two holes in the beast. Its abdomen opened like a trapdoor, spilling blood and bone. The speeding brindle caromed off the ground and twirled by Tyndal like a flaming racecar. A second brindle charged Tyndal from the right, but his deaf ear couldn’t transmit the oncoming ruckus.
The oncoming ruckus broadsided Tyndal at thirty miles an hour. Tyndal bent like a straw, his neck snapped, and he was thrown twenty feet. The bull chased after him like a ball of yarn. When Tyndal stopped rolling, the bull chomped down on his side but its teeth glanced off the armor. Tyndal’s thigh proved just as inedible. The beast snorted, attacked the boots, lost a tooth, and dawdled over the hills. There were no more birds to snack on. It trundled north and died while relieving itself.
Wren was proud of the tricky shot. Dead center through the soft underside of the jaws as the beast leaned back. He could’ve waited till the beast finished urinating, but this was a challenge against Lansing as well as a contract. Wren was sure it would be his last kill of the day. It was a satisfying kill, and Wren knew he wouldn’t fall asleep gnashing his teeth, questioning his talent. Satisfying last kills always helped him to sleep well.
Lansing stood nearby, surveying the day’s carnage like a traumatized Confederate soldier.
Wren walked toward Lansing and said, “Tired?”
“I don’t think I’ve done so much killing in a single day,” Lansing said and removed his earplugs. “They’re still ringing.” The Bedoui was hanging off his shoulder on its strap. The Marlin was in its titanium scabbard, cooling down.
“Seen Nadia or Tyndal?” Wren said.
“Nadia got lost. She’ll hit the front gate soon. Tyndal’s been hunting in our wake all day. He’s probably camped out by the hills, wondering why we haven’t gift-wrapped him any brindles lately.”
“The drivers are waiting about a mile behind us. They were burning brindles all afternoon.”
“Before we claimed them?”
“I don’t know how many we lost.”
“People ask me why I left,” Lansing said. “Planet full of imbeciles is why.” He pointed at four bulls on the horizon. They were bathing in the ribbon of a purple streamlet.
“They don’t never sit still, do they?” Wren said.
“Never,” Lansing said.
“Flip you for them?”
Lansing raised the Bedoui’s strap and said, “She’s getting hot again, and my Marlin won’t cool enough till nightfall.”
Wren’s Marlin was up before Lansing finished. The first bull fell in a shower of green-tinged bone. The second bull survived two shots to the face, whirled around to run, and collapsed after Wren drilled it with three shots through the rump. The third and fourth bulls jumped out of the streamlet and became diminishing specks. Wren lowered the Marlin and untied the trigger net. He predicted a long night of anguishing doubt.
“Better to save the ammo,” Wren said.
Lansing said, “Shouldn’t have fired if you couldn’t get the whole bulb.”
“I thought I could.”
“They’ll turn rogue. You agitated them. Every brindle they come across’ll sense it. Don’t split the bulbs.”
“I thought I had them.”
Lansing hijacked Wren’s Marlin and killed the fleeing bulls. He thrust the rifle at Wren. “Don’t worry about me taking their teeth. Your cartridges, your kills.”
“I don’t need them that bad.”
“If you plan to unseat me you do.”


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 6

Cass filed her nails on the fence’s coarse links. Rose squatted behind a screen of burbushes for an overdue pee. Bledsoe played some more with the rifle she’d loaned him. The autofocus scope was so powerful he wondered if he could use it to pinpoint the nearest galaxy cluster. He moved the scabbard strap from shoulder to waist for a more convenient draw.
Rose blotted her vagina with her palm. She walked through the bushes while zipping her pants. “When I said get us into the preserve, I was hoping for something with a little more ingenuity than just climbing the fence.”
Bledsoe said, “You’ll find I don’t do things flashy, but I do them quick, and I do them right.”
“A little flashy might help your case.”
“Shouldn’t we sight-in your gun before going — ”
“It’s your gun for the time being.”
“My gun. For Wildernesse gravity? Or if it got banged around getting here and such?”
“It’s automatic. There’s a gauge connected to the barrel and scope. Re-zeros every thirty seconds. Guaranteed to shoot under a minute of angle up to a thousand yards, every time. The gun’s loud, I haven’t been able to overcome the noise level yet.”
Bledsoe put his rifle in his scabbard. He assumed this gun, like all his previous guns, would have some peculiarities. He’d adapt in a day or so. As long as the rifle or shotgun was worthwhile, he could adapt to any gun.
He called Cass over. He took a coiled bandolier from her rucksack, clipped one end to a loop on the rear of his belt and the other to the buckle in front. The belt and bandolier were made of the same material, illegal goatskin pickled with acids and tanned in vegetable oil. The pockets — a dozen each on bandolier and belt — were just as soft but a shade darker. The hip sheath for Imam’s knife and the holster for his flare gun were molded steel disguised under stretch denim.
Rose gave him some mags for the rifle and said, “Where do you stay between contracts?”
“Earth,” Bledsoe said as he put the mags away. “Jersey. We have a studio apartment near Port Newark.”
“Yuck. Port Newark’s the dirtiest port on the planet. We? You and Cass live together?”
“We do.”
“Like she’s your girlfriend?”
“Our relationship’s simpler than that.”
“Your girlfriend done grooming herself?”
“Cass, leash,” Bledsoe said.
Cass blew nail duff off her fingers and knelt in front of Bledsoe. She reached up to his chest and unbuttoned the bandolier’s largest pocket. The end of a leash popped out. Cass hooked it to the ring on her collar.
“Keep this fence on our left,” Rose said. “Today, let’s stay north.”
“What, hiding under leaves and branches?” Bledsoe said.
“Your girl, the gun, the two of us, we’ve all got to get acquainted before we risk the guild’s seeing us. I’ve given you a limitation, now make some lemonade.”
“Fine.”
“It’s what, what time is it?” Rose looked at her watch. “It’s only early afternoon, local time.”
Bledsoe patted Cass’ cheek and said, “Cass, find. Find me some big fucking trophies.”
Cass led them through a heavy growth of Halloween trees and prickly brush. The leash unspooled from Bledsoe’s pocket as Cass advanced. She was straying right. Bledsoe swung the leash toward the fence like stubborn mast rigging.
Rose bullied branches aside, grew tired of that, shifted her backpack higher on her shoulders, ducked the branches by walking hunched over. Bledsoe and Cass navigated the brush more efficiently and within minutes they were out of sight.
Rose prayed Bledsoe would fire on some brindles soon. She’d lied about the rifle. One of its many innovations was its noise. That its noise was adjustable, programmable without affecting the rifle’s stopping power. She’d purposely locked the gun on its loudest setting so if she and Bledsoe got separated, she could use the roar as a homing signal. With no one in sight, trees mobbing her, leaves harassing her, Rose was overcome by a harrowing vision of jungle abandonment.
She hit a patch of gaunt trees whose limbs pointed toward the rest of the preserve like beckoning showmen. The wide view was an anchor to reality, and Rose clung to it like a needy lover. She absorbed the preserve’s colors, its reds and greens and purples, and reminded herself that she wasn’t alone, that she was on Wildernesse with Bledsoe and Cass. She chased after them.
Bledsoe had a 300-yard lead. He wasn’t moving any faster than Rose but he was following a secondhand trail. Cass’ progress was mapped out by the leash, a taut zigzag bent around upcoming trees like laundry wire spun by a deranged maid.
Bledsoe whistled sweetly, hoping some songbirds might answer. He preferred to let Cass do all the running.
When he felt three hard tugs on the leash, he knew it was his turn.
He toggled the switch on the bottom of the leash pocket. The leash ceased paying out and swallowed the slack as he sped after Cass. He weaved between the trunks, ran down a small hill and partway up another. Cass appeared near the crown, waved at Bledsoe, then dived to the right. In her place, flying downhill, was a huge brindle bull.
Bledsoe’s inaugural shot tore open the bull’s back. Gun’s printing high, he thought. His second and third shots penetrated the brindle’s hard skull. Its legs went limp and it crashed down the hill like a concrete Atlas ball. Bledsoe leapt out of the way and watched the carcass flatten the trees in its path.
Bledsoe reversed the leash’s feed, gave it two hard tugs, and walked down the hill.
Rose was standing next to the dead bull. “Could’ve called out to warn me. It nearly broke my leg.”
“Right behind me isn’t the safest place to be,” Bledsoe said, sheathing his gun. “Christ, look at this hill, mowed clean down the center.”
“Where should I stay?”
“To the right or left. Definitely not in front, and never behind. This is a hunt, sweetie. There really is no safe place.”
“Don’t run so far ahead of me we lose each other. If I’m gonna grade your performance, I have to be able to see it, don’t I.”
Cass strolled down the hill and stood near Bledsoe.
He said, “Looks like watery stew, the way it opened up.” He prodded the dead bull with the toe of his boot. “Must’ve been infected.”
Its skin was dappled with buttons of blood. Spongy bones protruded from compound fractures. Abdominal seams were leaking bile. The chapped hoofs were pinstriped with cracks. A veil of mucus lay over the snout and cheeks. The tail and hind legs were draped in oily feces. The blood outlining this disarray had already congealed.
“Infected,” Bledsoe said. “You can trust my opinion.”
“As far as it goes.”
“It goes the distance, honey. I’ve bagged so many species, I’m an amateur zoologist. This brindle was sick.”
Rose crossed her arms. “Because I needed you to point that out.”
Bledsoe knelt and opened the bull’s mouth with his hand. Rose was surprised at Bledsoe’s dexterity. His fingers and thumb worked independently to separate the jaws. She didn’t think she could’ve done as well with both hands.
Bledsoe memorized the contour of the URC, pulled out his rifle and held it by the breech.
Cass stepped back.
“Don’t do it that way,” Rose said. “You don’t own a rip stick?”
Bledsoe used the butt of the rifle as a gavel and, with the fortitude of an angry auctioneer, pounded the brindle’s mouth to pieces. He sheathed the gun, licked some sweat off his upper lip, and sorted through the dental debris for the URC.
“That’s a disgusting practice,” Rose said, “even with a rip stick.”
Bledsoe wondered how many strokes it would take to break Rose’s mouth apart. Two, tops, he thought. He found the URC embedded in the bull’s tongue. “Best way to keep score,” he said. “Makes sure everyone’s honest. The guild’s accountants run their tests. Is one of them the friend you were telling me about? He’ll run his tests, he’ll know if the animal died a year before this contract. Or if I took more than one tooth from the same mouth.”
“He’s a she, my friend at the guild, a woman,” Rose said. “And if your quarry doesn’t have any?”
“I only hunt things with teeth.”
“What if there’s no URC?”
“Upper right whatever. Any one’ll do. Convention says take the canine, but it makes no difference. The sharpest one’s fine.” He put the canine in the tooth pouch on his belt.
Rose fished a comm from her backpack, told it, “We’ve started,” and put it away.
“Cass, scent,” Bledsoe said. Cass circled the dead bull, familiarized herself with its anatomy, breathed in its fetid perfume, and nearly drowned in congealed blood when Bledsoe shoved her face into the carcass. Cass’ arms flew up but she didn’t struggle. Thirty seconds later, Bledsoe released her. Cass’ face was lathered in gore. She raised her hands to wipe it off. Bledsoe slapped her hands aside.
“Cass, did you get it? Got the smell? Got it?”
Cass nodded.
“Got it?”
Cass nodded harder.
“Disgusting,” Rose said. “It’s like you’re devolving before my eyes.”
“Believe me, she’s glad it wasn’t shit. Sometimes it is.” Bledsoe squeezed Cass’ hand. She smiled at Rose. Her teeth were coated with a pulpy red film.
Cass tugged on the leash.
“There’s another one,” Bledsoe said to Rose. “Don’t stand behind us.”
Bledsoe followed Cass up the hill. Rose ran parallel to them but again had trouble keeping up.
More than once, Bledsoe gave the leash a brutal yank to slow Cass down. Their previous leash had been stitched together from long nylon fibers. The fibers had unraveled during a heated woodland chase. Cass had managed to trap their prey at the base of a rockslide but waited ten hours for Bledsoe to deduce her location.
Their new leash was made of spunbonded olefin. Bledsoe felt it slacken and knew Cass had stopped to look at something. He found her in a clearing atop the next rise. She was crouching over a dead mare. There was little blood around the beast, its wounds were dry save for a hint of wet green. Wasn’t shot here, Bledsoe thought.
He granted Cass a smile. She beamed at him, pointed toward the gap in the trees on their right, and jumped to the left. A brindle flew through the gap, saw Bledsoe, and turned to run in the opposite direction. Bledsoe killed the beast before it could swap ends.
“Cass, leash. Hurry.” Cass unhooked her end of the leash. Bledsoe toggled the pocket’s switch and the leash zipped back into the bandolier. He nudged Cass aside so he could appraise the clearing unobstructed. It was a crude circle, fifteen feet across. A campsite hemmed with Halloween trees. The soil nourished purple weeds and yellow tulips. Insects tilled the soil, toppled the tulips, attacked each other. At the circle’s center was a stone bowl with wood chips and toasted bones inside.
Bledsoe looked through the gap and saw a downhill trail leading south into the preserve. Two brindles rushed up the trail toward the clearing. Bledsoe gave Cass the signal to hide, then concealed himself behind some trees on the clearing’s western end.
Rose watched Bledsoe shoot a parade of brindles over the next two hours. She was positive the beasts had been routed north by the guild members below. At first she took no interest in the killing, and fell asleep despite the rifle’s thunderclap. When Rose woke up, she analyzed Bledsoe’s technique and saw that he was taking aim with incredible skill.
He consistently chose the perfect angle, made some very tough shots, all so the gap would remain uncluttered. Le coup juste, as her dad had been fond of saying. The beasts unfailingly fell away from the gap and fresh ones kept hurtling through it. Bledsoe even displayed mastery of the most difficult skill in all of hunting: knowing when to stay your gun. He spared brindles whose deaths would ruin the floor plan he’d so carefully constructed.
Rose also admired Bledsoe’s lack of sportsmanship. A more honorable hunter would’ve left this spot out of respect for the shooter who’d originally agitated these brindles.
She was mildly disturbed at one tendency she hadn’t noticed until late in the second hour: Bledsoe didn’t always go for the instant kill. Sometimes, when a fatal shot presented itself, Bledsoe opted for a serious wounding instead. The beasts didn’t live long, and Rose was certain they fell where Bledsoe intended them to, but they suffered longer than necessary.
*     *     *
Bledsoe filled a collapsible pot in a streamlet at the bottom of the trail. The rifle was slanted through his belt. The trail, so recently busy with beasts, was deserted. On his way up the hill, Bledsoe hoped this lull would be brought to an end by the drumbeat of hoofs.
Rose and Cass were sitting by trees thirty feet from the bloody campsite. Rose’s shoes and socks were suspended from the fingers of neighboring branches. Bledsoe placed the pot in front of her. He wasn’t surprised that her toes were dirty, or that she was picking at them.
She said, “Why do I, do we have to sit so close to those humps?”
Bledsoe said, “I like to keep the smell around Cass. When you fall asleep, the stink, it won’t bother you.”
Rose took two pills from her pocket and leaned over the pot. The first pill turned the water brown. Tiny leaves swam to the top. The second pill brought the pot to a boil. Rose waited for the broth to calm, then raised it to her lips for two loud gulps. She passed the pot to Bledsoe.
Touched her feet and the pills, Bledsoe thought. He took a polite sip and passed it to Cass.
“Won’t you eat?” Rose said.
“I don’t, not much,” Bledsoe said. “Could go for a nice brindle steak, medium rare. All this meat going to waste around us. Probably 40 million dollars’ worth. Can you believe the uberwealthy pay 500 bucks an ounce to get their mistresses in the mood? What happened to oysters?”
Cass held the pot with both hands. It obscured her face. The soup dripping off her chin melted some of the dried brindle blood Bledsoe had forced her to wear.
“Cass, no! No, Cass, no!” Bledsoe snatched the pot from her and gave it to Rose. “No, Cass.” He smacked her. Cass’ face wrinkled like old fruit. “Cass, we’re not alone, we have a guest. That’s not how we behave. We’re considerate, right? You don’t know a fucking word I’m saying but you know I’m mad. Right? Am I mad?”
Cass nodded. She smiled at him, her eyes big.
“Sorry, Rose,” Bledsoe said.
“Really, I was done, it’s okay.”
“No manners, but she’s got an excellent memory for smells. Once she gets cozy with an animal’s scent, stays with her forever. She’s terrific, truly.”
Rose said, “The smell from these humps is gonna stay with me forever, and I’m no tracker.” She adjusted her shirt, well aware that Bledsoe was desperately trying to see through it. She reached for her backpack and made sure Bledsoe had a clear view down her shirtsleeve. She opened the backpack and took out a case lined with miniature tools.
“The rifle,” she said. Bledsoe put the gun in her dirty palms. “I noticed it’s printing high. That’s the zero gauge. I can fix that.”
“I didn’t wanna sound ungracious,” Bledsoe said.
“I don’t have professional feelings to hurt.” Rose field-stripped the rifle. “What else didn’t you like?”
“The trigger creeps. Only a hair, but it’s disconcerting. There’s some vibration in the breech. She’s not just printing high, she’s printing high right. Your boast about minute of angle? It’s more like fifteen minutes of angle, a quarter hour of angle.”
“I said, it’s the zero gauge, I’ll fix that.”
“And she gets hot.”
“Can’t do much for the heat.” Her tools buzzed and whirred.
“Also I prefer a bolt action.”
“Then a lever action is just something else you’ll have to get acquainted with. Add it to the list.”
With stiff hands Cass shoveled a shallow depression out of the ground. She lay down, cleaned her fingers by sucking on them, and fell asleep with them in her mouth.
“Ever thought about medicine?” Bledsoe said to Rose. “With those hands, I bet you could do surgery in a plane tossed by thunderstorms. You made those drills, too?”
Rose put her tools down and looked up at Bledsoe. He was squatting on the balls of his feet, forearm resting on his knee. As soon as Rose put down her tools, he was expecting her to yell at him about gold and silence. That had been her intention, but when she saw his posture the mutually anticipated scolding died in her throat. She thought it such an odd sight, only one arm on his knee but both legs bent, a half gesture of relaxation. She had the impression that Bledsoe was coming into focus from right to left. She waited a few beats, but the left arm never materialized.
Bledsoe snapped his fingers. “You blinked out on me there. I said that’s a fancy gun. When we landed you told me it was new.”
“I built it for a special occasion.”
“For this hunt?”
“No.”
“Who’d you call before?”
Rose didn’t answer him for a few minutes. She was dreading the barrage of questions that would follow her reply. Eventually, she said, “RifleHire.”
“Am I in?” he said.
“Is this hunt over?”
“Where are they?”
Rose nodded toward the sky. “They aren’t here yet. They’re coming from the opposite direction of the bulk cruiser. I had business on the other side, which is why I met you by the Crenndover stop.”
“When will they be here?”
“It’s only a few people, not all of RifleHire, you aren’t that important. Some apprentices as well. Though, I’ll confess, the few on the ship are interested in the legend and legacy of Bledsoe.”
He grinned.
“Is it real,” Rose said. “Does it live up.”
The grin lost its smug luster.
“If I say so, at the end, at the hunt’s end, they’ll come down and accept you. If not, they pick me up and we leave you here. I’d expect the latter.”
“Are they gonna be watching?”
“Don’t you know anything about Wildernesse?”
“I know they misspelled it,” Bledsoe said.
“There’s baffle towers all over. They blitz the sky so can’t no one see a thing from up there. It’s how they keep the brindles so secret.”
Rose shoved the toolbox into her backpack and returned the gun to Bledsoe. He laid it on the ground, scooped up a few pebbles and pitched them at Cass’ head. Cass covered her face and rolled over.
“Cass, up,” Bledsoe said. Cass squirmed, yawned, got to her feet with complicated contortions. “What’re you, stiff?” Bledsoe said. He threw the rifle scabbard at her feet. He pointed to his mouth, then to the bloody clearing. “Cass, teeth.”
“Isn’t she going with you?” Rose said.
“Cass needs to sleep, I don’t.” He unbuttoned the lowest front pocket on the bandolier, fingered out three pink tablets, swallowed them dry. “What I do know about Wildernesse, the days are roughly sixteen hours, six of them dark. I got some sunlight remaining, but not much. You might wanna rest. Cass stays where I leave her, so you’re not gonna be alone.”
“Is she gonna come near me?”
Bledsoe winked. “Not if you don’t want her to.” He grabbed the rifle. “Thanks for the fixes.”
“You have any hand cream, any lotion? My skin’s desert dry.”
“Do I look like the type?”
“Guess not. Save your flares, I don’t want them seeing us.”
“I’m not dumb.”
“Cass better not come near me.”
“See you sometime tonight,” he said and became a shadow beyond the trees.
Rose used her backpack as a backrest. She would’ve liked a couch. She would’ve liked a hotel room, television, electric lamps, haute cuisine, plumbing. Plumbing most of all. Her bowels were clamoring to let loose. Rose tensed the muscles she was sitting on. Of all the activities she abhorred, defecating in the woods ranked the highest. To Rose, it epitomized everything that was barbaric about the outdoors. She’d held it in for the duration of previous hunts and planned to do the same on Wildernesse.
Cass jumped from brindle to brindle, wailing on their jaws with the scabbard like a carnival strongman with an oversized hammer.
The slaughterhouse stench grew tenfold. Rose turned over, put her face against the backpack, closed her eyes. She would’ve liked a bed. She wished she could close her ears.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 7

Nadia collected seven URCs before losing interest. She knew that a low score wouldn’t affect her standing as the guild’s most-requested partner. She had a ready laugh, and she wasn’t shy. Out on contracts with Nadia, macho guild members could clown around without feeling censored, and usually it was Nadia who told the dirtiest jokes. She suspected that some of her popularity was due to sexual optimism even though she’d never slept with another guild member, on a hunt or otherwise. Nadia was small, and her parts were small. She had sex three or four times a year, three or four nights of pain so extreme she vowed celibacy. Her vow was periodically breached by months of pent lust, but it was reinstated the morning after while washing her bloody sheets. All of Nadia’s relationships had failed because of her bedroom fears.
Nadia stopped beside the eighth brindle marked with white glitter, knelt by its mouth and pretended to worry out its URC. She wasn’t afraid of Lansing or Wren uncovering this pretense because she was confident in her ability to spontaneously concoct a convincing lie. I’d rather lie than pull another damn tooth, she thought. I’d rather break my ankle.
She plucked a strand of hair from the brindle’s mane and threaded it through the braid behind her left ear. The dozens of hairs that comprised the braid varied in texture, thickness, color. At least the brindles have got manes, Nadia thought. I’m so tired of wearing pubes.
Nadia stopped beside a few more beasts — none of them hers — waited five minutes, then decided she’d wasted a believable amount of time. She headed east toward the van. It was parked by the hill where Lansing had discovered Tyndal’s body. After calling the day, Lansing told Nadia and Wren that Tyndal Hill would serve as their camp.
“Right where he died?” Nadia had said. “Does it have to be? This preserve’s pretty big.”
“His ghost isn’t gonna come haunt us,” Lansing had said. “There’s a shower grate nearby. It’s a good spot. Gather up your teeth, we’ll meet back here in a few hours.”
The few hours were nearly up. Nadia was running late. She tripped over Tyndal’s missing Springfield Model 1903, sporting version, in a tuft of grass far from camp. The barrel was pitted with bite marks.
Lansing had postponed the burial until Tyndal’s Springfield was found. Guild law required that hunters be laid to rest on the planet that claimed them. Tradition demanded they be laid to rest with their firearms and full rucksacks. A separate law decreed that all contracts must employ two or more hunters. The Pallbearer Clause. Early in the guild’s history, a solitary hunter died on a set of tusks. As the guild master wryly observed when told of his associate’s passing, “A man shouldn’t have to bury himself.”
It was a matter of debate and awe that the only guild member exempt from the Pallbearer Clause was Lansing.
Nadia examined the Springfield but it had no parts worth stealing. Aside from the barrel, the action had multiple cracks, and the scope was smashed.
During a drinking session on one contract, Nadia had heard the rumor that, years before joining The Orion Guild, Tyndal had hunted an army of human runners called Sun Dogs on the planet Ambergris. Hunted men and women. Hundreds. Tyndal denounced the story as baseless slander. If the rumor was true, Nadia envied him.
The only man Nadia had ever hunted was Bledsoe, and that hunt wasn’t satisfying because it was tacitly sanctioned by the guild. And she’d never bagged him. Nadia had saved her money from an unbroken chain of spectacular contracts and afterward chased Bledsoe for nine straight months.
She would’ve gone broke wearing the man down, but at the end of the ninth month, yearning for a warm bed and dinner served on plates, she came back to the guild for a few weeks’ rest. She mingled with some recuperating guild members but was frigidly received. In the middle of the second week, someone slipped a note under her door: “Your fixation’s disturbing, Naddy.” A few days later, word spread that the guild’s implied contract was rescinded. Over the next year, Nadia volunteered for every new contract and no one mentioned the aborted manhunt.
Since then, she’d shared a number of contracts with Tyndal. They’d spent thousands of hours together, hunting, traveling, talking, confessing, and a thousand times she asked Tyndal to verify the Sun Dog story. One night he surprised her with a smile and a nod.
“I knew it,” Nadia said. “You are fucking evil.”
“Sit back down,” Tyndal said. “I just did that to make you happy. I don’t even know what a Sun Dog is. For all I know, some kinda Egyptian myth creature. That’s what it sounds like.”
“Now we’re back to lying.”
“Believe whatever makes you happy.”
“You killing Sun Dogs, that makes me happy.”
“Then it’s true.”
“It is true,” she said.
Nadia was an hour late, and still she’d beaten Lansing and Wren to camp. The drivers were sitting in the van. Two dead brindles were strapped to the radiator grille. Tyndal’s body lay a dozen yards away. His rucksack was planted near his head. A temporary tombstone. His scabbards were beside him, one with his Marlin, the other empty. There was no blood on the corpse. This made Nadia glad. Most guild deaths on contract were messy events. She wondered how many Sun Dogs Tyndal had killed. She hoped it was plenty and that he’d enjoyed it.
She eased the Springfield into the empty scabbard, squeezed his cheek and said, “Liar.”
*     *     *
Wren paced around the dead bull and thought, The hunt’s most impressive kill so far. His bullet had sailed through the brindle’s right nostril. After this ignominious entrance it had ricocheted around the inside of the skull, leaving the bull’s head a deflated bag of cranial chips. Green dye drooled from scalp fissures.
With his left hand, Wren lifted a pair of pliers from his belt, extracted the URC, and dropped it into his tooth pouch. Number twenty-eight. Wren had seen an incredible forty-seven brindles stained Lansing Gold.
From the moment he’d lodged his challenge, Wren knew this contract might be his last. He’d served the guild for five years, and in that time had been treated as nothing more than an ex-football star with a hobby.
At first, Wren assumed his fame as a quarterback would gain him immediate acceptance into the guild. They refused to meet him in person and rejected his application pamphlets with impersonal form letters. The press, lacking stories in the off-season, made public his career change and derided him in the headlines.
Wren loved the headlines. Their vituperous puns goaded his resolve to succeed. He realized this feat could take years to accomplish. His football savings were too cushy a back door should he change his mind. He bought a Longliner ticket to Bastion Bay, purchased an accurate, elegant .22 Winchester Model 52 Sporter, a harness for his mangled right hand, and donated the rest of his money to charity. The temperamental press failed to report this development.
From the Sirius Munitions Company he purchased ten bricks of .22s — 500 rimfire cartridges to a brick — and went from planet to planet, hiring himself out as varmint control. Every capital had its own infestation. He’d find the ghetto chiefs, negotiate his commission per varmint, and spend weeks eradicating diseased pests. He always cleared enough for passage to the next city. Sometimes, when he made a little extra, he’d treat himself to a hot bath or a hot meal.
He often went weeks without conversation but every day was a thrill. By necessity he learned to shoot with staggering accuracy. As a child, his family depended on game killed by Wren and his father in the Wisconsin woods surrounding their cabin. His father’s shooting advice resurfaced in dank ghettos and guided Wren’s talent. With each new job his commissions rose, his references grew, his confidence soared.
Celebrity worshippers often asked Wren The Hunter if he was Wren The Quarterback. He always responded with a smile and, “I hear that a lot, but I don’t see the resemblance.”
The varmint years, six of them, supplied Wren with enough money for a larger Winchester more suited to big game, and a cushion of time to pursue the mainstream contracts that were the guild’s bailiwick. Wren underbid them with a number beyond rebuttal: zero. Eventually they monitored his progress, and eventually they accepted him.
Only they’d never accepted him. Too many guild members saw him as a dilettante, a faded success whose dim future would never equal his past. They had no faith in Wren’s love for hunting, were too prejudiced to see where his former and present professions overlapped: aim, verve, strategy, mettle.
Wren had always considered himself a champion, always corrected any negative thoughts before they could spoil his self-image. But this past year he’d been correcting himself less and less, feeling more and more like a tarnished trophy than the victor who’d earned it. He recognized the danger of this mind-set, and fought back by challenging Lansing.
Lansing and his forty-seven kills. Wren had barely seen Lansing since the Rogue Incident, yet the jaws of every gold brindle he came across had already been looted. Wren thought, Forget him and forget his numbers, I’ve gotta start paying attention to my kills.
The next green brindle had been disemboweled with a bullet to the gut. As his pliers touched the URC, Wren noticed an even larger wound through the mare’s neck. Her chin and chest were flecked with white glitter. There was three times as much blood around Nadia’s shot than Wren’s. He claimed the tooth and kicked dirt over the glitter. Number twenty-nine.
He wandered north, avoiding piles of brindleshit. Some hardy bulls he’d shot earlier in the day had run in this direction before collapsing, and Wren had been too busy to chase them down. Three of them shared a big patch of bloody sawgrass half a mile south of the north trees and fence. Wren added their teeth to his pouch. A fourth bull lay inches from the trees. Wren walked toward the kill and thought, Thirty-four. My big day, thirty-four.
“There’s no green paint on this one. He’s mine.” Bledsoe emerged from the trees, gave Wren a sarcastic smile, and broke the bull’s jaws with his rifle.
Wren stepped back, drew his lever-action Winchester Model 71, quickly attached the trigger net.
Bledsoe said, “You must’ve joined after I quit.”
“Quit?” Wren said. “Quit what?”
“My color used to be argent. It was a lovely color at the time. Please say Hey to his high holy pontiff Raab for me. And you can stick that muzzle in the dirt, friend. I’m no threat. We all wanna save Wildernesse, don’t we?”
Wren watched Bledsoe pocket the bull’s URC. Bledsoe stood up and said, “You won’t get my canine.” He smiled again, wider this time, exposing the void between his right lateral incisor and first premolar. “I pulled her out when you were all chasing me. Never give you the satisfaction of that little tooth. Big fella, don’t you speak? Don’t you listen? Lower your fucking gun.”
Wren kept his Winchester on Bledsoe and walked around the bull. There was no green dye.
“Think I’m a liar?” Bledsoe said. “Big fella with a big gun. What’s that, a sling for your hand? Trigger diaper? Can’t shoot me now, the contract on me’s been cancelled. Gotta heed Raab’s orders like a good robot.” He spat on Wren’s rifle and disappeared into the trees.
Wren wiped his Winchester on the bull’s stomach. When he realized who that man was Wren thought, Lansing’s gonna throw a stroke when I tell him.
On his way back to camp, the pain in Wren’s right hand vanished, his ribs ceased stabbing his lungs, and for the first time in years he was able to take a deep, deep breath. His smirk slipped into a grin that blossomed into a laughing fit.
As Wren arrived at camp, Lansing was standing in front of the van, talking to the two drivers. Nadia was sitting on the van’s roof, tapping her heels on the windshield. Lansing’s Bedoui was pointed at the brindles trussed to the grille.
“I don’t care it’s common practice,” Lansing said, “you’ll take them down.”
“Take them down,” Driver One said. “You know how long it took us to get them up? We’ve got plenty more brindles to incinerate, so if you please,” and started to walk past Lansing.
Lansing shoved him into the side of the van. “What’s your name again?”
“Adeney,” he said.
“And you, the other moron,” Lansing said.
Driver Two said, “I wouldn’t, not with both of us together.”
“Candle, was it, like wax?” Lansing said.
“Crandle.”
“Take them down. Not now, right now.”
“We’re part of this hunt,” Crandle said. “Look at our forearms. Splattered with your funny paint.”
“Dye, and in eight hours it fades,” Lansing said. “Bothers you so much, change into long sleeves.”
“Like a goddam rainbow, my skin,” Crandle said. “Indulge us. One indiscretion. A little fun. You should be kissing our asses, we’re the ones gonna make this hunt a success.”
“You’re nothing to the hunt,” Lansing said. “You’ve insulted the hunt.”
“You’re insulting us,” Crandle said.
“We’re just as necessary as you,” Adeney said. “We do this all the time. The vets never minded. Lets the brindles know who’s in control. It’s harmless.”
“It’s not harmless, ’cause if they don’t come down you will … suffer. Both of you.”
“And you think that’s possible,” Crandle said.
“It’s a certainty,” Lansing said. “See the gold dye? These are my kills. My kills don’t get strung up.”
Crandle looked at Lansing as if he were a woman Crandle wasn’t sure he wanted to bed. Crandle turned to Adeney. Adeney was looking down, chewing on his cheeks.
Crandle said, “You’d fight us both for the right to take these corpses down?”
“I didn’t say fight. They don’t come down in the next few minutes, I’ll kill one of you. We only need a single driver.”
Adeney was the first to concede. He got a knife from the glove box and sawed at the confusing web of ropes holding up the ornamental beasts. His hands trembled as he jumped from knot to knot. Crandle stole the knife from Adeney and cut the brindles free with a few quick strokes.
Nadia stood on the roof and gave Crandle a two-handed wave. “Excellent work.”
“You don’t belong up there,” Crandle said. He tossed the knife through the passenger-side window, looked at Lansing, said, “I didn’t cave, Adeney did.”
“You didn’t have a choice,” Lansing said.
“When I was a kid,” Crandle said, “I watched your interviews about your parents. They made me laugh, way you were crying.”
The drivers grabbed the brindles by the forelegs and dragged them toward the incinerator hatch on the left side of the van.
Lansing said, “These don’t get burned, they get buried.”
“This is asinine, the whole thing,” Crandle said.
“Eccles told everyone,” Adeney said, “you were there, not to touch the land. Burn the brindles, leave the land alone. The van doesn’t touch the ground, it floats. That’s how much — ”
“Eccles was wrong,” Lansing said. He shook his rifle. “Let’s not make it four graves.”
“And who’d dig those?” Crandle said. “You would?”
Lansing said, “If it comes to that, I won’t mind. You’ve disrespected the — ”
“The hunt, yeah, yeah,” Crandle said.
“And these beautiful animals,” Lansing said.
“ ‘Beautiful animals’?” Crandle said.
Lansing didn’t respond.
“We haven’t buried any other brindles,” Adeney said. “Why these?”
“Get your shovel from the back of the van,” Lansing said. “I saw one in there.”
“These brindles, they’re infected,” Crandle said, “you can see the signs. It’s not sanitary.”
“Dig deep,” Lansing said, and stood watch while they shared the shovel and did as they were told. Airborne dirt clung to their sweaty arms. They picked midges off each other’s skin.
Adeney said, “I won’t feel clean again till this hunt’s over.”
Lansing waited for them to dump his kills into the graves, then walked toward the camp.
Nadia hopped off the van’s roof and followed him. “Disrespectful,” she said.
Wren was sitting on his bedmat at the foot of Tyndal Hill, a metal syringe in his left hand. He loosened his boot, injected himself in the ankle. For a few cruel seconds, a steel balloon expanded inside his head. The clenched fingers on his right hand, hidden from view, changed from purple to pink.
Nadia said, “I don’t understand why people can’t indulge their disgusting habits in private. You’ve got a hair thing, you like to pluck. Picking at your ears. Those things are gross. But pills? Your various snorting powders? Needles are the worst. Why flaunt it?”
Wren offered her the syringe.
“Fuck off with that,” she said.
“Just a little potion to keep me alert.” Which was a lie. “An innocent jolt, that’s all.”
“Doesn’t make it any less revolting,” Nadia said.
“Yes it does,” Wren said. “I moved Tyndal a couple feet. No need for us to be right on top of him.”
Lansing and Nadia opened their rucksacks, laid their bedmats on the grass, sat down. They all added a cube of dried milk to their canteens. Lansing unwrapped a thick strip of biltong. Nadia opened a box of flatbread, stuck a slice in her mouth.
Wren sat back as if a great movie were about to start. “Bledsoe’s here,” he said.
Lansing washed down the biltong with a sip from his canteen.
“I saw Bledsoe,” Wren said, a little louder. “He claimed a brindle.”
“He must be trying out,” Lansing said. He began chewing on a round piece of hardtack.
Nadia desperately wanted to be the next person to speak, but her mouth was full and dry with bread. She guzzled water from her canteen, and finally, breathlessly, said, “Do we go after him?”
“You’re welcome to,” Lansing said. “Plenty already have.”
“Everyone but you,” Wren said.
Lansing unwrapped a slab of fruit and vegetable jerky. While he ate, he picked slivers from his teeth.
Wren stared at Lansing. “You didn’t,” Wren said.
“You’ll suffocate holding your breath for a reaction, Wren. That hunt’s been called off.”
Nadia raised her hand like a timid schoolgirl. “Mea culpa.”
Lansing met Wren’s stare and said, “If you think you can take him, like you think you can take me.”
Nadia said, “I think Wren just wants to know what we should do about it.”
“There’s nothing to do,” Lansing said. “Bledsoe’ll make a fool of himself. RifleHire will accept him or they won’t.”
“If he gets in our way?” Nadia said.
“Don’t make it your business to put him down,” Lansing said.
“Did you call the guild about Tyndal?” Wren said.
“Shit, forgot about him.” Lansing stood up and went to the van. Crandle and Adeney were eating their dinner on the dashboard. Lansing heard his name, and vulgar variations of his name, wafting from the van like fumes. He rapped on the passenger-side window. Both drivers jumped. Adeney cranked down the window.
“I’ve got another hole for you boys to dig,” Lansing said.
“We’re tryna have a meal,” Crandle said, spraying Adeney with food.
“Eat later,” Lansing said.
“We haven’t touched any more brindles,” Adeney said.
“It’s our partner, the one got killed today,” Lansing said.
“Him we can incinerate, bring him over,” Adeney said.
Crandle’s laugh was cut short when Lansing opened the door and pulled Adeney out by the throat. Crandle put his food on Adeney’s seat and said, “Let him go, I’ll get the shovel. Jesus, the only way you react is you overreact.”
Crandle and Adeney split shovel duty again. Lansing and Nadia and Wren carried over Tyndal’s body, scabbards, and rucksack.
Nadia said, “I was surprised you made us wait till we found his other gun. I thought you never followed tradition.”
“This one’s worth following.”
“Do we each say something about him?” Wren said.
“Did you know him?” Lansing said.
“Just his name.”
“We were friends,” Nadia said. “It would’ve been open casket, that’s eulogy enough for me. What more could a hunter want?”
“Is the guild gonna send us a replacement?” Wren said.
“Because of your challenge,” Lansing said, “Raab can’t get involved. The hunt has to play out by itself. Without Tyndal, I’m not so sure we’ll finish in time.”
“You miss him?” Nadia said.
“I’ll miss his rifles,” Lansing said. “We’ve got at least three hundred brindles left, and only six days. You saw the way they scattered. Any rogues we missed’ll get them even more agitated. Today wasn’t hunting. Tomorrow we’ll see how good the two of you are.”
“I’m not gonna wear myself out,” Nadia said. “I’ve got a bigger hunt next month. It’s not like the guild’s turning a profit on this one.”
Lansing shook his head. “You’ll make every effort. Wear yourself out, run yourself ragged. Whatever you wanna call it, you will play hard.”
“You said you’re not sure we’ll finish,” Wren said.
“RifleHire underbid us. Bledsoe’s here. They’re gonna make a point of it to find out how we did. We stumble, they’ll be putting that in their brochures. I’ve never flubbed a guild contract, no matter the compensation. The two of you will perform.”
“Don’t have to worry about me,” Wren said. “Upcoming Grand Marksmen, they don’t flub either.”
Crandle and Adeney were in the hole up to their waists. “Deep enough?” Crandle said.
Lansing and Wren gave them Tyndal and his accoutrements. The drivers climbed out and started flinging dirt back in. Crandle said, “I’d like to bury this shovel with Tingle or Tangle or whatever the fuck his name was.”
In less than five minutes Tyndal was underground, and the drivers were back in the van.
“Someone should get the shower rod before they go,” Lansing said. “I don’t think they’ll stop for me.”
“I’ll do it,” Nadia said.
“If you could, fill up my canteen.”
“Mine, too,” Wren said.
Nadia bundled their canteens in her arms. “Suddenly I’m a waitress.”
The nozzle to the left of the van’s incinerator was connected to a water tank. Nadia loosened the nozzle and water gushed out. She filled the canteens one by one and lobbed all three, including hers, back to Lansing.
She knocked on Crandle’s window. Lansing couldn’t make out their words, but he heard Crandle laughing and Nadia pretending to laugh. She curtsied a few times. Crandle showed her his long tongue more than once. She mussed his hair and giggled on cue. Their conversation segued into a loud coda, and Nadia walked around to the rear of the van. She returned to Lansing and Wren with a seven-foot rod. The thicker end branched into four curved spouts.
“Here you go,” Nadia said, handing it to Lansing. “Looks like a grapple.”
“I didn’t think we’d be showering all week,” Wren said. “There’s someone here needs one bad, and it’s not me.”
The sun, which seemed to have been stuck in the sky’s apex all day, was touching down on the northern Halloween trees. Nadia pointed and said, “Christ, she’s sneaky. Ten minutes ago it was high noon.”
Wren said, “She sets fast and rises fast. I’ve seen that other places.”
They brushed their teeth with toothbrushes, toothpaste, and water from their canteens. Afterward, Nadia and Wren followed Lansing to a concrete depression twenty feet from Tyndal Hill. In the middle of the depression was a socket bordered by an iron grate. Lansing screwed the thin end of the shower rod into the socket. Water leaked from the four spouts. Lansing gave the rod another turn and the water pressure doubled.
They placed their hand towels behind the spouts. They removed their boots, stripped off their armor and held the sections out under the spray like dirty diapers. The water coursing down the grate was rife with leaf fragments, grass seeds and nettles, dead midges. Lansing flexed the joints to free the grit trapped between the microplates. Wren copied him.
“You two could’ve been maids,” Nadia said. She chucked her semiclean armor onto the grass and was about to pull off her T-shirt when the van hovered near them. “Crandle wants to see my tits,” she said. “I’ll wait him out.”
“They’ll be at it all night, brindle burning,” Wren said.
“When’re they gonna sleep?” Nadia said.
“During the day,” Wren said, “when they won’t be stealing my numbers. I made that plenty clear.”
Lansing shook his armor and threw it next to Nadia’s. He said, “I’m not calling the day tomorrow, not for the rest of the contract. Claim your kills right after. We’ve got too much ground to cover, I don’t wanna be backtracking for teeth.”
Crandle honked the horn. Nadia gave him a smile. The van drove off, horn blaring.
Nadia peeled off her shirt, unhooked her bra, pulled off her pants and panties. “I’m guessing the two of you’ve seen a woman without her clothes before.”
“Only in glossy magazines,” Wren said. His T-shirt was pocked with holes from too many washings. His pants were a size too small. “Anyone bring their soap? I forgot mine in my rucksack.”
“Me, too,” Nadia said. “I didn’t forget it, really. I’m so cheap, I’d rather use someone else’s.”
“It’s in the well water,” Lansing said, taking off his shirt and pants. “There’s one of these grates every square mile or so.”
They balled up their clothing, soaked them, wrung them out, stacked them on their armor.
Wren used the third and fourth spouts because he was too large for just one. Nadia watched Lansing’s methodical cleansing routine. He used a handful of soil to scour the grime from his limbs and creases. The soles of both feet, between the toes, around the ankles, calves, behind the knees, moving upward.
The right side of his upper body, the gun side, was etched with muscular definition Nadia had only seen in pictures of flayed bodies from biology textbooks. There was an oval scar on his left shoulder, next to the bear tattoo. Lansing and Nadia and Wren had minor scars from their appendectomies.
Nadia raised her arms and scrubbed her armpits. Her small breasts had no bounce. She’d been born with that variety of freckling so rampant that it stamped her body in the most unlikely places: her lips, eyelids, nipples, the flesh beneath her nails, and elsewhere. Long scars disrupted some freckle clusters, making it appear as though Nadia had been taken apart and taped back together unevenly.
Most women in the guild shaved their armpits and legs prior to contracts. During a contract was too much hassle. Likewise, men shaved their beards before contracts.
Nadia put her head under the spray and ruffled her black hair. Her pubic hair she never trimmed. It was light, almost orange, a bit wiry, but nowhere near black. Wren hadn’t expected this, and as a result his gaze lingered.
“It’s my natural color,” Nadia said as her fingers combed it for dirt.
“I wasn’t staring.”
“That’s all right, I’m not staring at your wiener.”
Wren turned sideways and rubbed his neck.
Lansing used his arms to guide the water over his thighs. Nadia waited until he reached the area around his groin, then said, “What’s the tattoo?” She wanted to see if he’d self-consciously move on to another part of his body when he answered.
He didn’t. Lansing lifted his penis, cleaned his scrotum, looked Nadia in the eye and said, “It’s an animal I’ll never get to hunt. Long extinct.”
“Is that the arm?” Wren said.
Lansing nodded.
“What about the scar up on your shoulder?” Nadia said.
“An accident.”
Nadia snorted. “Some accident. I’m disappointed, I thought you’d be nothing but scar. That the only one?”
“So far.”
“I’ve got more than the two of you together,” she said. “Wren, you’re the bigger disappointment, I don’t see any.”
Wren seemed even taller without his clothes. His muscles were in proportion to his giant physique, but they had no tone. There was a ring of flab around his waist, a nascent belly his height could no longer disguise. Nadia thought, Must’ve had a terrific body ten years ago.
Wren’s left hand did most of the washing. His shriveled right hand mimicked the left, touched the opposing arm or leg, but Nadia could tell it was only for show.
She turned around and spread her legs so the running water could flush the dried sweat between her cheeks.
“Is that a mole on your hamstring?” Lansing said.
“I had my moles removed. Can’t you tell? I don’t get more naked than this, all I’m wearing’s my gold necklace.”
Lansing stepped into his boots and walked through the shower toward her. Nadia watched him approach and wanted to put up her hands but was immobilized by confusion. She half expected Lansing to kiss her. Lansing put her right arm around his neck, lifted her up like a helpless blast victim, and carried her over to Tyndal Hill. He put Nadia facedown on her bedmat.
“I’m more fun on my back,” she said. “What’s wrong?”
“Do you have any extra clothes?”
“Just a few pairs of underwear. They’re in my rucksack.” She got up on her elbows. Lansing pushed her back down. He looked up at Wren, who was standing a few yards away and was dressed, like Lansing, in boots only. Wren nodded, upended Nadia’s rucksack on his bedmat and found two cotton thongs. He scrunched them together, handed the wad to Lansing.
“Are they clean?” Lansing said.
Nadia said, “Christ, how fucking inappropriate.”
“They’ll be touching a wound. Are they clean?”
“Yeah, yes.”
“Stay down flat, don’t bend your legs.” The sun was gone. Lansing took a Sterno can from his rucksack, set it on the ground and broke the flint lid. “Wren, your pliers, heat them up. Bring over your hand mirror, too.”
Lansing hauled Nadia’s bedmat closer to the Sterno’s fire. Her freckles shimmered like shoals of reflecting fish. As the flame bowed and quivered, the shoals danced and merged and leapt off her skin. Lansing pinched the mole that was really a gash. Some blood dribbled out. He mopped it up with Nadia’s underwear. He used her ankle as a knob to twist her hamstring toward the fire.
“I have to pee,” Nadia said.
Lansing pinched the wound again, harder this time, and it opened like a purse. “Something’s in there. It’s not big. Couldn’t you feel it? How do you walk around like this, bleeding?”
“I thought it was a pebble. My leg itched, but it wasn’t so bad I felt like taking everything off to get it out. I took one funny shot today. The bullet exploded off the brindle’s chest. I turned and covered my face, though. Didn’t feel — ”
“Wouldn’t matter where you were hit,” Lansing said. “Right here, this is just as bad for us if you’d been hit in the face. Hasn’t been given a chance to scab ’cause it’s been rubbing against your armor for how many hours.”
“You’d cry if I told you how much it cost, my armor. All that money, it’s punctured, and here I am today the only one here with seeds stuck to me. You’ve got yourself a nice suit. How much for it, Lanz?”
“The pliers are hot,” Wren said.
“I really have to pee,” Nadia said.
“I’ve got her legs,” Lansing said. “Hold her head down.”
Wren passed the pliers and the mirror to Lansing, squatted in front of Nadia, and braced her shoulders with his hands. She said, “Could you get your dick outta my — ” when Lansing sank the pliers into her leg. The leg spasmed. Lansing pinned the leg with his knees, probed the expanded wound more freely, used the mirror at an angle to see the wound more clearly, then snared the bullet shard and pulled it out. He dammed the gash with one of Nadia’s thongs and with his other hand dropped the shard into her empty rucksack.
“That bag cost more than my ticket to Wildernesse,” she said.
“The bag is gone. Wren and I will split your stuff.”
“Fabulous,” Nadia said and put her chin to the wet bedmat.
Lansing gave the mirror and pliers back to Wren. “Clean the pliers good. Go get our stuff from the shower. Rinse out Nadia’s leg armor and be sure all the bloody water makes it down the grate. Turn the shower off when you’ve finished.”
“I don’t do well with orders.”
“Wren, I can’t hold your hand and say please all the time.”
“You could say please.” Wren walked toward the shower.
Lansing tossed the first thong into her rucksack before the blood reached his fingers. He switched to the next pair and said, “Couldn’t you wear something more substantial than these scanties?”
“Next time I’ll buy bloomers.”
“How old are you?”
“I know, I’m built like a bobby-soxer. With Wren, treat him to a little nice. Maybe he doesn’t deserve it much, but we’ll be spending all week together.”
“And as the stress of his challenge weighs him down,” Lansing said, “his skin’s gonna get thinner and thinner. Best to establish the rules early. No coddling, rule one. You’re sweet on him, that’s cute.”
“He made a tough transition,” Nadia said, “all those years in the IFL. Nobody gives him any credit, they give him a lotta grief instead. It’s one of those things, he tries hard to belong, and everyone resists even harder. He’s okay, and he’s not a terrible hunter. It’s just easier to puke all over him than to be nice. Easier ’cause the whole guild does it. I go along because I’m lazy.”
“Wren, what’s holding you up? I need Nadia’s T-shirt.”
“Am I losing that much blood?”
Lansing said, “A few drops, but these scanties are sopping.”
“Why didn’t you use my towel?”
“Because we may need the towels for other things later. Underwear’s disposable.”
Wren put the armor and clothing and towels near the Sterno. He said, “All clean except for her pants.”
“Put them in her rucksack.”
“I swear I didn’t feel any blood,” Nadia said, “not a drop the whole day.”
“Could you hand me the shirt and panties she wore today?” Lansing said. “The bra, too.”
Wren complied without a sound.
Nadia said, “Wait. My shirt and bra. And my pants. Olmstead coats them for me so they stay fresh longer.”
“With what?” Lansing said.
“I don’t know. I pay him. They rarely stain, and they last longer. They won’t be very absorbent.”
Lansing said, “Would this coating pass evaluation?”
“Yeah, it’s some scentless animal by-product.”
“But has it been approved?”
Nadia said nothing. She tried reviving the spikes in her hair but they wouldn’t stay erect.
Lansing grabbed his own shirt off the pile, pressed it to Nadia’s leg, put her second pair of bloody scanties in her rucksack. Using his left hand Lansing dried himself, and the rest of Nadia, with his hand towel. He put Nadia’s shirt and bra on her bedmat.
Wren was drying himself with his own towel. “I saw some smoke come outta there, with the pliers before.”
“Ask me how I didn’t scream,” Nadia said. “I was thinking fun thoughts. Like Bledsoe. What I’d do to the geezer he gets in my way.”
Wren dressed, his motions harsh and clipped. “Lansing, what’s it like with Bledsoe around? We all know you hated what he turned into, but you didn’t have the balls to take him on.”
“Haven’t we been through this? That’s wrong, but think what you want.”
“Well that’s what I think.”
Lansing put his wet towel flat on his bedmat. He took his shirt off Nadia’s leg and stuffed it in her rucksack, too. “You’re done bleeding.”
“I can get up?” she said.
“In a little while.” Lansing went through his rucksack, opened up a glass jar, and tamped Nadia’s wound with brown paste. “Give it twenty minutes to scab.”
“What is it?”
“River soil from Lachryma. It’ll scab in twenty minutes. Scabs cover the scent a little, but it’ll heal fully in another twenty minutes and then it won’t be a problem.”
“The scent of what?” Wren said. He tugged the tassels on his armor to tighten the fit.
“Blood,” Lansing said. “You’ve got to both of you take better care of yourselves. Didn’t you study the brindles?”
“What’s to study?” Nadia said. “You shoot them, they die.”
“The smell of human blood repulses them,” Lansing said.
“Does it matter?” Wren said. He spread his wet towel over his bedmat. “There’s no wind.”
“They don’t need wind. Their olfactory — Even from miles away, it’ll drive them off. No wonder they disappeared late in the day. Keep checking yourselves, your fingers, neck, anywhere skin’s exposed. How’d you get this far if you don’t research your contracts?”
“I’m not bashful,” Nadia said, “but I’m feeling very exposed here. I hope nobody’s putting this image of me in their spank bank.”
Lansing gave Nadia’s rucksack to Wren. “All this has to be incinerated. Find the van.”
“It’s pitch-black,” Wren said. “There aren’t even any stars.”
“The van can’t be too far. Take the shower rod, too.”
“You find them,” Wren said.
“It’s cold, you’re dressed, and this has to be taken care of immediately. We’re standing here talking and the stench from Nadia’s carelessness is keeping away more brindles. Keep stalling, we’ll be lucky to make twenty kills tomorrow.”
“Everything I’ve heard about you, it’s true,” Wren said. “And everything I’ve heard? None of it’s nice.” He took Nadia’s rucksack, retrieved the shower rod, and was sucked into the darkness.
Lansing sat on his bedmat, kicked off his boots, pulled on his pants.
Nadia said, “Here you are critiquing my choice of delicates, and you don’t wear any.”
“Some days I do.”
“What’s with the boots? You just had to put them on when you cavemanned my ass over here?”
“I didn’t wanna cut my feet on the pubic grass,” Lansing said. “It stands up sharp at night.” He slipped on his socks, boots, and armor. He divided Nadia’s things in half and shifted the contents of his rucksack to make room.
He said, “You don’t need all this excess stuff, it’s wasteful. Your rucksack should be no heavier than a quarter of your body weight.”
“When I’m carrying it, no one complains.”
“Wren’s gonna complain when he sees what I left him. The ammo you can hold yourself. Use your pockets, stash some mags in your scabbard.”
Nadia watched in resigned horror as Lansing crushed some of her favorite items getting them into his rucksack.
“There’s a lotta food here,” Lansing said.
“I like to eat.”
“I only eat once a day. Can’t be bothered with all that stopping.”
In his rucksack, the basics in most guild members’ rucksacks, were a rudimentary repair kit, gun-cleaning and lubrication tackle, the Fairbairn-Sykes, a leather strop. Sternos. A Zippo lighter, a flashlight and batteries. Field glasses. Soap and shampoo, shaving razor and cream. Toothbrush and toothpaste and floss. Nail clippers and file, a comb, deodorant. A bandana. A bottle of aspirin, a tube of sunscreen, an antidiarrheal. Travel-sized first-aid pack. Ray-Ban Aviator sunglasses. Waxed-cotton rain poncho, one waxed-cotton rifle weather guard. Compass, whistle. Reusable underwear and socks and shirt and pants, all nylon. A hand mirror, a hand towel. Tissues and rolls of toilet paper in a musette to keep them dry. Penicillin syrettes and an iodine dropper for animal bites or serious cuts. Food enough for two weeks. Padded pockets so the items didn’t rattle. All around the bottom of the rucksack, a ring of pockets for extra mags.
Some carried books with them. Some carried hats for suns, and pajamas.
Female guild members toted tampons or Maxi Pads, depending on their preference.
Lansing didn’t use DEET lotion, as some guild members did, against insects. But he did have the jar of Lachryma soil. A bottle of pills, for his disease, stuffed with cotton. A few other light items. And their bedmats.
The Sterno was down to its jelly dregs. Lansing took out his cleaning tackle, closed the rucksack, planted it at the head of his bedmat, laid his wet towel over it. Nadia pictured her cramped belongings inside and hoped Lansing wasn’t a pillow smasher.
“Soon as you give me the okay,” she said, “I’m gonna get dressed, find me a nice private place and take a good long piss. Thanks for sacrificing your shirt for me.”
“I didn’t do it for you. Get dressed.”
He’d disassembled his Bedoui on a chamois pad and was already cleaning the gun before Nadia got her feet through today’s panties. Lansing’s Marlin, beside his bedmat, was next. He was chewing on a chocolate bar he’d put whole into his mouth.
Among Nadia’s things on Wren’s bedmat, under her dry towel, she found two sealed blocks of protein paste with cores of vitamins and paprika. She ate one, then cleaned her rifles. She did the same for Wren’s rifles, to show him kindness.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 8

Bledsoe returned to the campsite where he’d left Rose and Cass, but the women were gone. Can’t blame ’em, he thought, the smell around here could singe your nose hair.
The muted light on his belt buckle pushed at the darkness like a shield, gilding the carcasses and trees and soil in crimson. Also gilded was an arrow of twigs. The arrow lay on the ground, pointing east. Resourceful Cass, Bledsoe thought.
His numbers hadn’t much benefitted from his late-day hunting session. After talking with Wren, Bledsoe had killed three brindles and spent the next hour and a half searching for more. Normally he didn’t take breathers on a full rifle, but the strain from stalking Wildernesse’s total night pained his eyes. The red light routed the immediate black, but he could feel the grumbling of a headache. He thought a Rose tonic might be the perfect cure.
Bledsoe shook his tooth pouch to advertise his presence, but the only sound it made was two faint clinks. The pouch was lined with tripe that had been cured in vats of glue. The honeycombed material hugged loose teeth, preventing them from chattering. It had been given to Bledsoe on his first guild contract by a retiring guild member on his last. Bledsoe had been lucky. Guild members retired so rarely, freshmen often waited years to inherit the limited heirlooms.
Bledsoe fought his way through the branches. He found Rose 300 feet east of the campsite, sitting against a Halloween tree, her legs splayed. Her shirt was off. She was untying the drawstring on her pants with furious fingers. “Thank God you came back,” she said.
“A gaggle of brindles, one after the other,” Bledsoe lied. “Ran outta cartridges. Why are you awake?”
“Because I’m overdue.”
Cass lay in a dirt crib a few yards away. She liked the way Rose smelled and had stayed near her these past two hours as much to drink in her aroma as to protect her from danger. She sat up and watched Bledsoe and Rose go at each other. Rose was animated for a while — tearing out grass, grabbing skinny tree trunks for support — but after a fit of noisy convulsions, she turned comatose. Bledsoe overcompensated by thrashing around as if trying to revive her.
Cass sat up on her knees. She thought about massaging the want between her legs but kept her hands rooted to the ground. Bledsoe had caught her masturbating once. He’d beaten her so severely, Cass’ stool was runny with blood for a week. “Cass, no! No, Cass, no!” The same way he’d yelled at her today for usurping the stew. He was still mad about that. Cass had always been able to read Bledsoe’s temper like spoor. He hadn’t even checked on her before jumping The Nice Woman With The Wonderful Scent.
He must still be mad.
She centered her collar, primped her jumpsuit, licked the dirt from her fingernails, picked midges out of her hair. Bledsoe’s moans grew louder and longer.
The smell of blood overpowered Rose’s bouquet. It was the same smell from this afternoon, coming from the same wounded animal. The smell was familiar. A human. Cass and Bledsoe had hunted so many people that Cass knew this wasn’t just a person, but female. A young female. A young female south of the fence.
The smell began to fade. Bledsoe was the center of his own commotion and didn’t hear Cass run away. She didn’t need Bledsoe’s belt light to see in the dark. The injured female was close, maybe dying. Cass knew that if she returned with the female, Bledsoe would no longer be mad. She ran across miles of grass, swerved around dead brindles, swallowed mouthfuls of anticipatory saliva.
And vaulted Tyndal Hill at full speed.
*     *     *
Rose was surprised Bledsoe had chosen to be on top. She was even more surprised that someone his age had the strength to keep his balance with only one arm. The fact that he’d lasted these eight minutes astonished her. I’m being laid by a tripod, she thought. An old, sweaty tripod. With a bobbing red light on the belt by his ankles.
He tried to kiss her lips but Rose offered her neck instead. She tied her legs around his back. Not out of intimacy, but because her calves were sore and she needed to rest them somewhere. She noticed that her toes were dirty again. She moistened her fingers in her mouth and wiped her toes with them.
“Can’t … you … come … again?” Bledsoe said, huffing.
“Not for two, three hours. You almost done? Feel like a pincushion here. I’d like to get some sleep.”
Bledsoe pared his routine down to simple thrusting. Rose melted into the grass, eyes closed, her breathing steady and even. Asleep. Bledsoe came inside her without asking, hiked up his pants, buckled his belt, reattached the bandolier. “It’s over, wake up.”
Rose started to dress.
“Most women appreciate a little duration,” Bledsoe said.
“What I don’t appreciate is being kissed,” she said. “Keep your face away from mine.”
“Your breath stinks anyhow, don’t know what I was thinking. Why Rose?”
“Why Rose what?”
“It’s so old-fashioned. Rose. Like Molly or Joy. Such a stale name.”
“It’s not my real name.” She arched her back to get her pants on and didn’t bother with the drawstring. Her shirt was streaked with grass stains. “Some boys took to calling me Secondhand Rose, and the Rose part stuck.”
Bledsoe pretended to reload his gun. “Where’s Cass?”
“Last I looked, she was watching us from over there.”
“Then you fell asleep.” Bledsoe found twenty-seven URCs in Cass’ crib. The campsite kills. He added the teeth to his pouch. He picked up his scabbard, which Cass had cleaned thoroughly. He sheathed his rifle.
Bledsoe put his fingers to his mouth and tasted Rose as he whistled. He nailed a smile to his face with invisible stakes, turned back to Rose and said, “Cass is jealous I didn’t take her with me tonight. She gets enthusiastic. Probably caught ten brindles by now.”
“By my count, she hasn’t killed one yet,” Rose said.
“I said caught, not killed. Not to say she isn’t a killer. Problem is, right after she makes a kill, her attention drifts. It’s weeks till she’s fighting ready, so I don’t usually let her. I haven’t given the order, so like I said, she’s got ten of them trapped somewhere.”
“You better hope so, and you better find her.”
“She’ll find me,” Bledsoe said. The invisible stakes were coming loose.
“I told you before, RifleHire forbids adjutants.” Rose lay down on her disheveled bedmat, on leaves and bugs and dots of semen. “I think you should consider that when you find her. This is another chance you’ll fix this problem yourself.”
“What problem? She’s not a helper, she’s an asset.”
“Don’t run through all the synonyms, Bledsoe. She’s a crutch.”
Bledsoe put his belt light on the highest setting and walked south. It was a guess. He was a poor tracker because he had no patience for it. He had no patience for any of hunting’s menial chores: tracking, pitching camp, breaking camp, lighting and extinguishing fires, cleaning his rifle, oiling his rifle, dressing out kills, claiming their teeth. He relegated the busywork to Cass so he could concentrate on the two activities he enjoyed most: pulling the trigger and watching prey drop. Without Cass, the joys of hunting were diluted with fatigue and boredom.
His boots crunched on the sharp pubic grass. Feral bitch, he thought, I’m gonna screw this leash into your neck.
He found a trail of dark crescents in the grass and knew he was headed in the right direction. Whenever Cass was engaged in a tough chase, she forgot Bledsoe’s training and ran on her toes, carving the ground with sickles.
Bledsoe examined the jaws of the dead brindles along Cass’ route, but their teeth had already been claimed.
The glottal clanking of AG stilts warned Bledsoe that a vehicle was coming. He dived behind the nearest carcass and turned off his belt light. Bledsoe heard two doors click open, then grunting and the swish of a large object being pulled across the grass.
The grunting subsided, intensified, subsided, swirling around Bledsoe like an exhausted storm. The storm reached its peak when Bledsoe’s hiding place was dragged toward the van.
Bledsoe ran south. For the better part of a mile he thought the men were chasing him. When he slowed, he realized the grunts were his own. He tripped over an embarrassing number of dead brindles before his eyes adjusted to the dark.
Cass’ crescent markers were gone. Bledsoe whistled and someone answered. It wasn’t Cass. Motherfucker, Bledsoe thought. His gun was still in the scabbard. He threw the scabbard away, walked up and over Tyndal Hill.
Someone broke a Sterno’s flint lid. The abrupt light scorched Bledsoe’s eyes. Nadia and Wren were sitting on their heels like birds ready to take flight. Cass was kneeling by the Sterno, hands clasped together, head down, tears dripping off her cheeks. Lansing towered over her, his Marlin casually pointed at her head.
“Your dog ran away,” Lansing said. “Good thing she wasn’t hit by a car.”
Bledsoe’s hand was up, palm outward. “How it must eat at you like an ulcer, all the attention I got.”
“Not from me,” Lansing said. “You weren’t worth the chase.”
“She strongly disagreed,” Bledsoe said and motioned toward Nadia. “Darling, we had quite a time, the two of us. I’m honored you made the effort. Eight, nine months? And we haven’t never been introduced.”
“Nadia,” she said.
“You’re a lot younger up close.”
“You’re a lot older.”
“Bantam, sweetie, you must know I came closer to bagging you than the other way round. I let you play the game ’cause you seemed to enjoy it so. The big fella, I had a talk with him late this afternoon. Green’s his color. Didn’t you used to throw a ball for somebody? What’re you doing holding a gun?”
Wren said, “You see I’m holding it with two hands.”
“I’ve got more courage — ” Bledsoe shook his head and looked at Cass. “Let her go, Lansing. Cass tracks, that’s all.”
“She tracks ’cause you can’t?” Nadia said. “What zoo did you steal her from?”
Bledsoe said, “Lansing, if someone had told me you’d be here — Why are you here? With these children? The company you keep, Lansing, the company you keep. A Grand Marksman should know better. When we were in the guild, hunts were in even numbers. Where’s your fourth? It’s a bad sign to lose someone the first day.”
“Heard about your arm,” Lansing said.
“And I heard about yours,” Bledsoe said. “Unlike yourself, I didn’t need — ”
Cass tried to bite Lansing’s leg, but he cracked her with his rifle butt before she came close.
“Blessow, Blessow,” Cass said.
“That’s how we knew she belonged to you,” Lansing said. “It’s a little conceited, the only word you teach her’s your name.”
“My hand’s tired, I’m gonna put it down. You can see I’m unarmed, and you wouldn’t shoot me anyhow. Human blood and brindles, oil and water.”
“Blessow,” Cass said.
Bledsoe stared at Lansing and said, “The three of you, hunt hard and hunt smart. Doesn’t matter to me. When this contract’s over, my numbers are gonna put the guild to shame.”
“Shame’s something you know a lot about,” Lansing said.
“But the guild, it’s virtuous through and through,” Bledsoe said. “Honorable traveling specialists in animal control. Helping all the clueless sybarites solve their beastly problems. And yet, the same guild, your compassionate and heroic guild, it tried to kill me how many times? How do you reconcile that?”
“It was a mistake going after you,” Lansing said.
“That an apology?”
“An apology? You set our sport back a hundred years. I’m not apologizing, but it was a bad idea.”
“A mistake and a failure both,” Bledsoe said, “because didn’t no one come close to bagging me.”
Lansing allowed Cass to stand. “We’ve no rule against shooting pets. Next time she gets in our way, I’ll put her down.”
Bledsoe turned on his belt light, took Cass’ hand, and led her over the hill. Cass found the scabbard and gave it to him with a smile. She walked behind him and touched his legs. “Blessow,” she sang, “Blessow.” She whistled and cooed and tried to make Bledsoe laugh with cartwheels and handstands. Bledsoe separated the rifle from the scabbard and handed the gun to Cass. She pretended to shoot running brindles.
Halfway to the northern trees, Bledsoe dropped the scabbard, yanked down the top of Cass’ jumpsuit, kicked her to the ground. He picked up the scabbard and pummeled her. At first he aimed for her back, then nudged her over and beat her stomach and breasts. She whimpered, but Bledsoe doubted she felt any pain. Her hide was thick. He didn’t draw any blood.
He kept swinging until his arm cried for rest. Not once did Cass point the gun at him.
Bledsoe tied the scabbard strap around his waist, took the gun from Cass and sheathed it. He sat on the grass and stroked the nub on his left shoulder. Cass crawled up to him, put her head in his lap and fell asleep. Could I get by without her? Bledsoe thought. Feeding one less mouth? Scrounging contracts missed by the guild or RifleHire? What contracts? With or without Cass, I need RifleHire. With Cass. With.
His man-hunting gigs withered after The High Hunt. He tried getting back into the animal racket exclusively, but a group of upstarts had followed his lead by challenging the guild. Bledsoe cheered the sentiment, but who were these RifleHires? Animal contracts became scarcer, even the sleazy ones.
He accidentally acquired Cass, then lost his arm when an incomplete manhunt from years earlier sought revenge. Bledsoe hadn’t known the contract was incomplete. He’d thought the woman dead, had even checked her pulse afterward, but she survived and lingered for years as a cripple. Her husband took Bledsoe’s arm in a bloody ambush and let him live on the condition that Bledsoe never undergo biological limb replacement. Prosthetics, fine, but no flesh.
The husband was bitter and merciless. Promised Bledsoe he’d be watching him the rest of their days. The husband was insane with grief. Clinically insane. He managed to sneak into the back-alley operating room when Bledsoe had the annoying stump removed.
Through gritted teeth, Bledsoe told him, “You should’ve been a tracker.”
“I used to be, in a way.”
Jesper. His name was Jesper, Bledsoe later found out. He’d see Jesper out of the corner of his eye at least once a month, certain that Jesper had meant to be seen.
After their first meeting Bledsoe spent six months rehabilitating, coming to terms with his loss, learning to shoot with one arm.
Finally, back to freelancing, and trying to shake Jesper but unable. The only animal contracts he could get were suicidally dangerous or absurdly cheap. Bledsoe tested the man-hunting market and bumped against RifleHire again. Fucking upstarts! Out of anger he did some research and discovered these upstarts had quietly been around for nearly twenty years.
Shooting was all Bledsoe knew. He’d devoted his life to the gun, and two opposing clubhouses were stealing that gun away. He was too old and too lazy to try his hand at anything else. He knew he was nothing without a trigger. He couldn’t call the guild, so eventually he’d called RifleHire.
A half hour had passed, and Cass’ bare skin was striped with blue bruises. Bledsoe shook her awake and helped her dress.
It was another hour before they reached the trees. Rose was stuffing her bedmat into her backpack.
Bledsoe marched Cass up to her. Again he yanked down Cass’ jumpsuit. “Look what those animals did.”
“The brindles?”
“The guild assholes. They caught my Cass and had a little fun. Barely got her outta there. Lansing’s with them.”
“Who’s with them?”
“Lansing. Haven’t you heard of Lansing?”
Rose wanted to shout, Yes I know Lansing! Fucking fool, of course I know Lansing! Lansing’s here?
Bledsoe ran his fingers down Cass’ back. “They ganged up on her. Took three of them to pin her down. These are the people you want me to prove my worth against. Degenerates.”
“Lansing’s here,” Rose said.
Bledsoe unbuckled his belt. “You ready for another? Been a few hours. Sun’s almost up.” He palmed her crotch. Rose shoved him away.
“From horny to tease, just like that?” Bledsoe said.
“Blessow, Blessow,” Cass said.
“Shut up,” Bledsoe said.
“Keep your hand to yourself,” Rose said. “Get your rifle, start hunting.”


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 9

Mornings tasted different. On Wildernesse, mornings and evenings had a distinctly different flavor. Lansing preferred mornings. The air had the pleasant tang of yawning flowers and sweet grass. The grass, the flowers, the trees — everything had been varnished with stubborn dew that wouldn’t evaporate till midafternoon. This glassy veneer made the preserve seem fragile and fresh. And Wildernesse mornings were quiet. Lansing hated loud mornings.
He was chasing a sound. He was chasing a sound that had woken him and lured him from camp.
Lansing was walking east, his gun raised but his finger off the trigger. His pace had the unforgiving momentum of a tank. As he moved deeper into the preserve, the sawgrass grew taller and sharper. It swayed with Lansing’s movement, passively trying to cut open his armor. He used his elbows and rifle to part the mean stalks.
The dew on the flat stalks absorbed sugar produced by the grass’ purple skin. These sweet teardrops attracted colonies of midges. The sticky syrup ensured that the nomadic midges finished their meals with grass seeds stuck to their bellies.
Barrel midges also enjoyed the dew on Lansing’s armor. Lansing had no patience for bugs. He spun the knob on his belt, igniting his armor’s surface current. The microplates whispered as they fried the bugs and boiled the dew into smoke. When the armor was clean, Lansing dialed the knob down to its lowest voltage — strong enough to deter pests and moisture but not so strong that he would set fire to the grass.
The uneven grass prevented Lansing from seeing very far. The first few piles of scat he passed were white and dry. Days old. Lansing walked silently, filtering out ambient sounds, waiting for a duplication of the cry that had roused him so early. Or the trampling of hoofs that would signal a charging brindle.
The absence of wind made Lansing feel unsafe. Sense of smell was often a hunter’s most useful tool, yet that tool was blunted by Wildernesse’s calm atmosphere. The semiannual storms that prompted the brindles’ mating riot would bring wind and rain, but the next storm wasn’t due till the end of the week.
Lansing came across another pile of droppings. This mound, coiled and glaucous, was veined with partially digested fur. Lansing made a glove out of damp soil. The feces was warm and pliant. Less than two hours old. He dissolved the glove with water from his canteen.
Directly ahead of him was a sheet of grass whose dew had been smeared by two brindles moving east. Lansing followed the grass to an oval of dry ground polluted with two puddles of urine. One puddle had been made close to the ground, disturbing only a small amount of soil. The other puddle was more of a haphazard scrawl. Male and female, Lansing thought.
A brindle’s crying silenced the humming midges. Lansing pointed his rifle in the direction of the cry but couldn’t see beyond the serrated tips of the surrounding grass. Ready to fire or dive, Lansing maintained his tense stance for twenty full minutes. The cry was a hoarse operatic solo of leggieros, larghettos, and allegros.
When Lansing was certain the beast wasn’t coming his way, he lowered his rifle a few inches. This minor adjustment sent a cascade of relaxation throughout his body.
The grass thinned. The brindle trail slanted to the north where it was flanked with the pugmarks of a smaller animal. Lansing recognized the unusual prints. He stopped to read the tracks and counted four swaybacks altogether. One of them was missing a leg.
The swaybacks had followed the brindles cautiously, their paw prints concentrated, sometimes overlapping. Lansing guessed they’d followed for five or seven minutes before the brindles sped off. After the chase began, the paw prints grew farther apart and less deep.
The pursuit had split in two directions. Lansing chose the one that had caused the most disturbance. He walked through a wall of crooked grass and expected to find three eviscerated swaybacks and one plump, gluttonous brindle.
The dead brindle lay on its side. Its right hind leg had been chewed off. A swayback had already plundered the limb of its meat and was chomping on a bone like a frustrated vise. The dense bone exploded in a hail of shards that the swayback claimed by spreading its legs and growling.
Two more swaybacks gnawed through a smorgasbord of the brindle’s intestines. They used their forelegs to peel the brindle’s torso like wrapping paper.
Lansing waved his rifle and shouted, “Hyah! Git!”
The swaybacks stared at him while they ate. Their hind legs were twice as long as their forelegs, making them look like sneaky thieves and giving their spines the species’ eponymous warp.
These swaybacks smelled like overcooked roast beef. Their rough, tawny fur was striated with scars from inconvenient hiding places. A pair of Siamese paws grew at right angles to each other from all four pasterns. Swaybacks were perennially skinny. Their speedy metabolism required a constant supply of carrion. Each meal was ingested and evacuated in less than an hour. Most swaybacks twitched, a symptom of their nervous lifestyle. The average swayback weighed forty pounds though these three were much lighter.
Lansing thought, In a couple months there’s gonna be an epidemic of swaybacks. Easy food, room to reproduce, their only predator gone. Soon there’ll be too many for the preserve to support. They’ll start killing each other, wandering toward the cities. Another contract for the guild.
He shooed the scavengers away. Barrel midges hovered over the brindle carcass, searching for a warm wound to lay their eggs in. Lansing circled the brindle. Its hide was crusted with blood from sickly pores. There were no bullet holes. He used his scabbard to separate the bull’s lips and noticed that someone had falsely claimed its URC. Had to be Bledsoe, Lansing thought.
The swaybacks resumed their vicious dissection the moment Lansing turned to leave. He backtracked to the spot where the chase forked and followed the second trail. The pugmarks told Lansing that the lone swayback hounding this brindle had ceded the race after a short sprint. Lansing saw a mound of dung. He made another dirt glove. The dung burned his hand.
Near the excrement, a third trail crossed the second. Lansing crept toward the intersection. The grass was rising back up. Lansing knew the brindle had just gone by. It was also charging right back. Lansing twisted away, didn’t move fast enough, and was bumped into the sharp grass. He fell on his side, swung his rifle around, and shot the infected mare through the neck.
She hunched over midstride and demolished a three-foot swath of sawgrass on her way down.
Lansing rolled onto his stomach, his armor electrocuting a dozen midge colonies hiding in the soil. He used his rip stick to claim the mare’s URC.
He examined his reflection in the rifle’s breech, then gave his hands a thorough inspection. No cuts, no blood. He looked at his watch. It was late morning. He thought, I should’ve seen fifteen, twenty brindles by now.
He re-zeroed both rifles.
*     *     *
It was three hours before Lansing saw another brindle. An old bull grazing on sawgrass. The bull’s lips were frayed. Strings of congealed blood hung from the pores on his legs, chin, and belly. The bull shuffled from side to side, as if learning to stand. Barrel midges whirled around his face, rested in his ears, stung his eyes. The bull kept chewing. The crack of a distant rifle angered him. He snarled, spun around and nearly fell. Two pus bubbles grew from his nostrils, then popped. The midges evaporated, but they condensed on the bull’s face when he regained his footing.
The sick bull walked in a circle, eyes ticking back and forth, ears spinning beneath midge muffs.
The distant rifle roared again. Wren and Nadia, Lansing thought, well behind me.
Lansing was in position for a killshot, but he waited. The bull moaned and farted. He stared up at the sun for a few minutes, then munched on more grass. His lips were gone. Lansing pictured the sawgrass slicing up the brindle’s plumbing.
The beast hawked up a clump of lips and grass, and walked east.
Lansing followed, swerving through gaps in the sawgrass. He kept the weight off his front foot, avoiding roots and puddles, stepping around things rather than on them. The brindle was periodically devoured by scenery but Lansing never lost him.
The bull farted again, stopped, and growled.
There was another growl, this one higher and more authoritative. As Lansing had hoped, a second brindle. Lansing edged in closer without creasing a single blade of grass.
The second brindle was a mare. Eight shriveled breasts dangled from her rib cage like spent pastry bags. Her mouth was a junkyard of slender shrapnel. She tried to clamp her teeth together but metal studs and spikes stopped her jaws from closing. Similar projections stretched her throat and stomach. At the mare’s hoofs were three of the cannonballs Eccles had described on the bus.
The two brindles regarded each other, sniffed the ground, the air. The mare lurched forward and the bull sat on his hind legs, exposing his genitals. The bull averted his head and shut his eyes. The mare kicked dirt on the bull, then trotted off. Lansing could see that she was bleeding from her anus.
The bull followed after the dominant female.
Over the next thirty minutes Lansing lost more and more cover. He knew he’d have to execute these brindles soon, but he gave them a momentary reprieve, hoping this couple would escort him to more brindles before they forced his trigger.
The sick bull walked into the mare, who kicked him with both her hind legs.
The distant rifle sounded again. Both brindles spun around. They were less than ten feet away, but, by a trick of proximity, they appeared to be staring right at Lansing.
He was fairly certain he couldn’t be seen. Bitter experience had taught him skyline discipline, to break up his outline against the available background. But these brindles were ill. Lansing didn’t know if their senses were enhanced or degraded.
Lansing was capable of prolonged stillnesses. He had waited three days for Welter’s Triple Ram. Three motionless days that was the culmination of a week of activity.
He’d heard that the pilgrims on Welter had lost thirty-one children to a serial killer named Vidocq. Because of Lansing’s malignant childhood, stories of missing children interested him. The stories always invited two questions: Could the atrocities have been prevented? How?
Vidocq was caught. He confessed to killing and eating the children, but his teeth were too soft, that was impossible. He also claimed to have three horns, which was obviously untrue. The pilgrims hanged Vidocq for the crimes anyway.
Weeks later, more children went missing. Some superstitious pilgrims believed it was Vidocq’s ghost.
Welter was mostly unexplored. Three adjacent settlements raised a tasty wheat for export. When children went missing after Vidocq’s execution, the settlements became suspicious of each other, one accusing the next of stealing the kids to use at night. Slave labor.
In a bowl east of the settlements was a swamp. It had been concluded, after Vidocq’s confession, that since he couldn’t possibly have chewed their bones with his soft teeth, that he’d sunk the children’s bones in the swamp. The swamp was explored, no children were found, no bones, nothing.
Lansing thought Vidocq’s assertion that he had three horns was intriguing. Lansing had Chaykin take him to Welter and asked him to return in three weeks. Lansing interrogated the settlement leaders, he interviewed witnesses honest and witnesses unsure.
There was an area of land beyond the swamp that no one ventured into. The ground was too hard to grow wheat or bury children. This land contained some boulders and trees, that was all. The woman who showed him around was interested in Lansing, who wasn’t interested.
He spent a day diving in the swamp. He found no children, nor any evidence of decomposing bodies, nothing.
He walked the hard land for two days, ignoring the trees and boulders. Until he found a boulder that stood in front of a rise in the land, possibly the entrance to a cave. Lansing tried to move the boulder, but couldn’t. At times he thought he heard children crying, but he couldn’t be sure. He called to them but they didn’t quite answer, not coherently enough for Lansing to be certain children were inside.
There was a cinder oak a hundred yards from the boulder. Lansing lay on the length of the cinder oak’s bough, strapped himself to the bough with his belt over his back, under his arms. He steadied his rifle on a knot in the trunk, mindful of keeping the front of the gun far enough away so that a muzzle blast wouldn’t set fire to the tree.
Lansing studied the lair, what he assumed was the lair to some beast with horns. When he became thirsty, he sipped at the valve on his shoulder. Six hours into his vigil, the valve brought up nothing. The water in his rucksack’s camelback tank had leaked out through a worn washer in the base.
Three days later, a two-legged beast with three curved horns appeared from behind the cave. It rolled the boulder aside. Its hands were humanlike. Lansing’s mouth was scaly parchment.
Lansing shot the horns off because many myths alluded to a beast’s horns as “the crux of its soul.” And for the Triple Ram — Lansing had dubbed it the Triple Ram — the horns were also the linchpin of its respiratory system, each horn vital to the oxygenation of the blood. Its version of lungs, of breathing.
The Triple Ram attempted to scramble into its lair. Lansing put two crippling shots through its hoofs, the best shots available from his placement high in the tree.
It crawled up against the boulder and died slowly. Lansing tried to revive his numb legs by bending his knees, actually believing for a few dark minutes that he might never walk again. During these awkward calisthenics, Lansing slid off the tree and would’ve died from the fall if not for the belt and the bough. He hung from the bough like a misplaced paratrooper. He blamed the stupidity of his predicament on the fugue of dehydration. He passed out, legs tingling.
An hour later, down on the ground, he saw that the dead Triple Ram was still bleeding from the horns. Lansing was stymied. He never came to understand this.
It would be two days walking back to the settlements, dragging this animal that nobody but Vidocq had known about. This animal Vidocq had envied, had been following, helping, protecting, maybe worshipping, even identifying with. In Vidocq’s madness, perhaps beginning to assume that he and the animal were a single entity.
Who knows? With Vidocq dead, there were no answers.
Lansing’s imagination, deceived by thirst, mistook the bluish blood for water. He fastened his mouth on the broken horns and drank until blood backed up over his teeth. He passed out again.
He awoke weak but lucid, patched the defect in his camelback tank and filled it with Triple Ram blood. The blood had no flavor, again analogous to water.
Ten emaciated children came out of the cave timidly, chewing on roots and plants the Triple Ram had brought for them from the swamp. The children cried, they thanked Lansing who had fallen and could not walk.
Though frail, they carried Lansing back to the settlements. This took another three days. To lessen their burden, Lansing ditched his rifle, his rucksack, chucked his boots, almost everything but the camelback tank filled with blood. Lansing was so dry he finished all the blood by the time they reached the settlements. He warned everyone to never venture beyond the swamp, then he passed out for two days.
Chaykin arrived and flew him back to the guild. Lansing discarded the camelback and switched permanently to canteens. Fewer parts, less likely to malfunction.
Lansing was given the title Grand Marksman, a post that had been vacant for a year, since Bledsoe’s expulsion. The honor of this title, a rarity for noncontract solitary hunts, sparked scores of jealous safaris as less-talented guild members sought out the unusual — griffins, chimeras, lamias, crocottas. The foolish quests died down when no one succeeded and regular contracts ended the drought.
The Triple Ram’s blood saved Lansing’s life. It also infected him with a lifelong illness no doctor had been able to diagnose.
A peculiar aftereffect of the Welter ordeal was that, when standing still on a hunt, Lansing often became uncontrollably thirsty. He knew this was memory juxtaposition, but that knowledge didn’t slake his cotton mouth.
The sick brindles stared through Lansing for fifteen minutes, lost interest, and trotted east.
Lansing shadowed them over miles of sparse grass. A third brindle joined the couple as they climbed a small hill by an area where the sawgrass was reasserting itself. Lansing could hear five or six more brindles ambling through the grass behind the hill.
The first two brindles dropped to the ground in a mist of blood and green dye. Lansing shot the third brindle in the chest, spun around, saw Wren angrily parting the grass two dozen feet away.
Wren tapped his chest, then pointed at the brindles marked with green. “Those two’re mine.”
Nadia waded through the grass and said to Lansing, “I told him not to.”
Nadia and Wren were wearing their Aviator sunglasses.
Wren squatted next to his kills. He freed his bad hand from the trigger net, put his Winchester on the ground, took the pliers off his belt.
“Do you hear that?” Lansing said to Wren.
“Only thing I hear — ”
“Five or six brindles running away,” Lansing said. “Running away ’cause you scared them away.”
“Only thing I hear is — ”
“Don’t you know when to hold?” Lansing said. “Who taught you to hunt? This is fundamentals, Wren. I tracked these brindles all afternoon — ”
“The only thing I hear — ”
“It was two, then three,” Lansing said. “A few more minutes — ”
“What I didn’t hear,” Wren shouted, “was you leaving this morning. Got up with the sun and left us sleeping. Or was it in the middle of the night?” He was on the second brindle now, the mare, but her URC was impacted and wouldn’t come out.
“Left kinda early, Lanz,” Nadia said. She was wearing his rucksack, the bedmat inside.
Lansing sheathed his rifle in the X scabbard brace, turned Nadia around, opened his rucksack, took out the sunscreen and rubbed it into his face and the backs of his hands. Then he slipped the rucksack off Nadia’s shoulders and put it on his, quickly tying the groin cinches. Before he was done, Wren said, “We all know how much you hate the Pallbearer Clause. Tyndal warned us that when you’re saddled with partners, you’re notorious for cutting out on them.”
“I can’t trust you both to be quiet,” Lansing said. “I’ve never hunted with either of you. A brindle cry woke me. I followed it. We’re here to hunt, not to be polite and courteous and friendly. To hunt. Did you remember to re-zero this morning?”
“Yes,” Nadia and Wren said.
Lansing pulled his brindle’s URC with his fingers. “How many have you seen today, Wren?”
Wren was still trying to loosen the impacted tooth and didn’t answer.
“Didn’t see any,” Nadia said.
“I heard shots,” Lansing said.
“That was Wren, dispatching a few of those annoying hounds.”
Lansing wanted to sigh. He said, “You don’t kill animals not on the contract.”
“Shouldn’t feed them, either,” Nadia said. “I told him that.”
Wren put the pliers down and wiped his face. “That swayback was a rib cage with legs. Three legs at that. He was the only one I fed. Pardon my humanity. And he was fouling my concentration, distracting me from the brindles.”
“What brindles?” Lansing said. “Figure it out. They’re scarce today. Be worse tomorrow and you, you just scared off six easy kills.”
“I got these two,” Wren said. “I figured it out, this is how you want it. Sneaking off in the night like some poacher. Make sure your title’s secure. But I got these two.”
Lansing curled his fingers around the URC he’d just taken and bounced it off Wren’s forehead. “Make it three. Keep thinking in small numbers.”
Lansing was gone before Wren had to break the mare’s jaws with the Winchester to get at the tooth.
*     *     *
Lansing drifted toward the northern fence. This side of the preserve was beginning to slant downward. The preserve, here just seven miles north to south, would keep narrowing until its terminus at the palisades twenty-one miles east.
Four legitimate kills today, Lansing thought. Four kills between three hunters. It’s afternoon already. Five days left. Massacre spooked ’em. Nadia’s bleeding made it worse. As much as Wren might want, we’re not gonna sweep across and get them all in five days. There’s too many and they’re too well hidden.
The sawgrass was knee high. Lansing ignored the playful yelping of some faraway swaybacks. Probably harassing Wren, Lansing thought.
A covey of dayravens cut French curves in the sky. Evolution had painted the birds the color of sky underneath and of land on top, so as they swooped and reeled and dived, they flashed on and off.
Lansing removed a single cartridge from a mag in the pocket on his calf, right leg. The identical pockets Slocombe had designed on the armor’s biceps and forearms, thighs and calves, were full with two mags each. This mag held only ten cartridges. The cartridges were heavier than the Bedoui’s regular .30/30, explosive, and dated to expire in six weeks.
He knelt by a short ridge and jacked in the new cartridge. This round, like all the various cartridges and calibers used by guild members, was manufactured by the Sirius Munitions Company. Openly known to be owned by the guild, making a profit off its members.
Lansing saw Nadia and Wren meandering through the grass two miles south. The van was parked to the north. Lansing studied the ground to his west. Tranquillity held dominion over the trees along the western fence, the sporadic sawgrass.
The land’ll recover, he thought and fired the rampage round high into the air.
The recoil shoved him back through two feet of grass. Lansing racked and released the bolt so a standard round was in the chamber before the rampage round reached its apogee. It came down a mile west. A dome of soil, bark, and grass blotted out half the sky. The eastward shock wave buckled the ground, blew Lansing back another foot, and felled a grove of trees behind him. Two coveys of dayravens took to the air with nowhere to land.
The black dome was flattening out, separating, falling like streaks of wet paint.
Then came the second shock wave.
Brindles.
Lansing lay flat behind the ridge. He pressed his cheek and palms to the ground, trying to divine how many brindles were headed toward him. Somewhere in the teens.
He used his rucksack to shield his head. As soon as the brindles leapt over the ridge, Lansing jumped up and rode them down. The brindles were dressed in twigs and roots and leaves. Their chorus line of kicking hoofs shelled Lansing with grenades of clotted dirt.
The bulb began to lose its compact coherency, and when they passed the decimated grove, Lansing started shooting. He took aim as he ran, hopping over stumbling brindles bleeding gold dye.
*     *     *
Lansing used one more rampage round that afternoon. It started a ravenous fire that ate three and a half acres of land. The fire jump-started a second, larger bulb.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 10

Lansing decided to wait for the fire to burn out before collecting teeth. He walked up to a twist tree, turned its malleable double boles to suit him, and sat against a comfortable crook. The Bedoui was hot, so he threaded its sling through a high branch. The gun was relatively clean but his arms were bathed in brindle blood. He didn’t bother wiping them. Instead, Lansing brought his knees up to his chest, laid his elbows across them, and angled his arms into the sun.
The sun was in virtually the same location it had occupied since its rapid rise from the south. It would set in the north just as quickly. During its daylight tenure, the stagnant star defied Wildernesse sky gazers to tell one hour from the next. This temporal deception was entirely Wildernesse’s fault, a stellar trick whose shills were a flat orbit, turgid poles, and a thin equator.
Lansing checked his watch. It was almost evening. The watch, a Patek Philippe and guild approved, had a flexible zeitgeber that automatically synched with local planet time.
He closed his eyes and tried to banish the increasing stoniness from his legs by willful denial. Five minutes of telling himself it wasn’t there only magnified its presence. He opened his rucksack and swallowed the day’s allotment of pills. Looking westward, he noted that the fire was gone but the land was still smoking.
The second bulb was spread over a flat lawn of pubic grass. Lansing counted the brindles from his seat under the tree. Five bulls, four mares, four calfs. He didn’t remember shooting the nearest mare twice, but he sometimes suffered from hunter’s amnesia. The other brindles had been slain with a single shot.
One-shot kills were Lansing’s hallmark. His first rifle was a single-shot Sharps-Borchardt Model 1878 with a sticky striker. His mentor, Slocombe, refused to arm Lansing with a newer gun. Whenever Lansing complained that it was too heavy, too slow, too difficult, Slocombe always cut him off with the same response, “If there’s a fault, Lansing, it’s not with the gun.” Slocombe also taught Lansing the value of frugal hunting by subtracting the cost of each practice cartridge from his allowance.
Lansing adapted to the Sharps-Borchardt — and to all aspects of hunting — with an effortless facility that made Slocombe jealous. Lansing deserted Slocombe two years later, took the Sharps-Borchardt with him, a trunk filled with cartridges packed in foam cutouts, and the suit of armor Slocombe had given him for his birthday. The rifle’s slow turnaround forced Lansing to master the art of the one-shot kill. Those beasts he hunted on his first nonguild contracts weren’t polite enough to wait for Lansing to reload.
The Sharps-Borchardt was a patient friend who educated Lansing in the symbiotic relationship between hunter and rifle, but Lansing pawned the shabby relic for a lighter, faster rifle the moment he’d saved enough to cover the difference.
The Bedoui hanging off the branch was his thirteenth main rifle since the Sharps-Borchardt.
The temperature of the Bedoui had cooled to match the chilly air. It was an unnumbered Bedoui by the long-dead Arabian gunsmith Shaykh al-Sunnah. Pistol grip, bolt action. Like all Shaykh al-Sunnahs, it had a crank-controlled breechblock obturation that could aerate the breech seal for quieter shooting but at reduced power. And like all Shaykh al-Sunnahs, the stock was inlaid with the master’s signature marquetry.
Lansing stood up, lifted the Bedoui off the branch and slung it over his shoulder. The stoniness was gone from his legs. He didn’t care what the pills did to his liver so long as his limbs remained fluid.
He walked into the bulb and put his hand on each brindle’s foreleg, making sure their basilic vein had ceased pumping. After this courtesy, he stole their teeth.
He hiked southeast. The dried blood on his armor began to crackle like a busted radio. He turned off the suit’s current.
A stripe of white glitter had been drizzled over the grass. Lansing followed the stripe east to Nadia.
“Holy shit, I’m surprised you found it,” Nadia said. She was standing by herself, scratching her neck, smoking a clove cigarette. “Only managed to break open one cartridge. There’s less dye in them than you’d think, and I had to do it when Wren wasn’t watching.”
Her rifles were ensconced in their V scabbard brace. Lansing knew she hadn’t used the guns for hours. There was no heat from the scabbards to distort the air and Lansing didn’t smell the active shooter’s cologne: gunpowder.
“That you making all that racket?” she said. “I nearly swallowed my tongue it was so sudden, and fucking loud to boot. Lanz, we’re not supposed to be landscaping. I saw how you redecorated. Nice fire.”
“We’ll talk about that,” he said. “How’d you do today?”
“Nah, nothing. I got three.” She took some more drags on her cigarette.
“You’ll choke on that,” Lansing said.
“They’ll give me a coronary first.”
“Why’re you standing here in the middle of all this nothing?”
The grass was limited to a few hearty tufts here and there. Twist trees were less abundant than the tufts. Lansing heard but didn’t see a streamlet off to the east.
“Where’s Wren?” Lansing said.
“Down in the vale by the streamlet. Bitching.”
“Let’s go.”
“Not if you’re fond of quiet time. Not unless you wanna be aggravated.”
“Let’s go.”
Six brindles lay on the streamlet’s edge. Lansing could tell they’d been expertly shot. Judging by the blood splatter, some had been taken midleap. Wren was fumbling through a calf’s mouth with his pliers like a student dentist.
“Someone got to them before you,” Lansing said.
“See that? See that green?” Wren said. “That’s my goddam green. All six of them.”
“I found a brindle this morning, dead from swaybacks,” Lansing said. “Bledsoe claimed it. Wasn’t his kill.”
Nadia said, “He’s got some bad habits, that Bledsoe.”
Wren stared at Nadia. “You laughing?” he said. “Tell me where this is funny. C’mon, say something. I’m not seeing it.”
“It’s funny to me. I’m not the one challenged Lansing. You act like every lost URC is gonna cost you the contest.”
“Little bitch,” Wren said. He flicked his fingers at Nadia, speckling her face with brindle blood.
Lansing caught Nadia before she landed on Wren. He spun her around and admonished her with a headshake.
Nadia scowled at Wren over Lansing’s shoulder, on her tiptoes. “Fucking infant,” she said.
“Should’ve taken these six brindles right away,” Lansing told Wren.
“I was chasing some other — I didn’t think we’d be dealing with cheaters. I’m gonna steal his pouch. That’s six he owes me.”
The streamlet’s color shifted as a school of ficklyfish swam downstream. They darted between the bed’s smooth rocks and changed colors every few minutes to match the transient mood of their pacesetter.
Wren wanted to heave the brindles across the streamlet. That’d make me feel a little better, he thought. And then Lansing would disapprove, give me another lecture. Fucking Bledsoe. Bledsoe’s to blame.
“You won’t get his pouch,” Lansing said, “you won’t catch Bledsoe.” He stepped into the streamlet and crossed to the other side.
“You might like ignoring Bledsoe, but I don’t,” Wren said.
Lansing kept walking.
“You are too smooth,” Nadia said to Wren.
Wren splashed through the water, squashing eight or ten fish. “Lansing, sorry, I’m just pissed. No, I’m fucking irate. Those goddam teeth.”
“You need to be more pliable,” Lansing said. “Nothing ever seems to suit you.”
“I put a lotta pressure on myself.”
“Ease up some.”
“Pressure?” Nadia said as she raced after them. “What pressure? And were you two gonna leave me back there with my hand on my — ”
“Nadia, no more smoking,” Lansing said. “We don’t know if it’ll warn the brindles we’re coming.”
“You and your guidelines,” she said.
Wren said, “Is it me or is the air heavier than it was this morning? And colder.”
They walked through a dozen streamlets. The sawgrass was disappearing. Lansing was glad Nadia and Wren had finally shut up.
He wanted off this planet. Every time he looked south and saw the mountains, he was reminded of his parents. The planet wasn’t responsible for their deaths. It was the people, the bureaucracy, the industry built on brindles. But Wildernesse was all around him and easier to hate. He debated new strategies for finishing the contract, but none seemed faster than rampage rounds.
Wren nodded toward a mixed grove of twist trees and Halloween trees. “How about there?” he said. “For the night?”
“Farther on,” Lansing said.
A three-legged swayback trailed the hunters.
“Wren, your buddy’s back,” Nadia said. “He asked me to ask you, you know, if you’ve got any more food.”
“It’ll keep popping up till the contract’s over,” Lansing said. “You’d have been better off you’d just shot it instead.”
Wren said, “After your tirade about only killing animals on — ”
“That was before I knew you moonlighted as a caterer.”
Nadia burst into laughter that Wren thought was unmerited. The swayback pawed at Wren’s legs, hopped, licked Wren’s hands. Wren pushed it away. The swayback persisted.
The group moved northeast. The brindles seemed to have vanished. Nadia stopped beneath a tall twist tree. A dozen rotting food bars were strewn around its roots. Nadia stared up through the branches. Their joints were cracked in an alternating pattern on the tree’s south side. The trunk was gouged with boot spikes.
“Someone was up here recently,” she said.
“One of the pseudohunters from the slaughterhouses,” Lansing said. He toed the bars aside, paced the area. “No bullet holes. No blood either, man or brindle.”
Wren said, “I’ve gotta take care of some business. I’ll catch up.” He walked back toward the streamlet. The crippled swayback went with him.
“Our Wren’s business,” Nadia said, “it’s got to involve him hunkering behind a bush and depositing a few pounds of — ”
“We need to keep moving,” Lansing said.
“You’re not gonna let me finish a single joke, are you?”
They fought through a sheet of Halloween trees and emerged on a field of thick pubic grass. In the center of the field was a silver tower. The square base was a hundred feet around. Its corners tapered upward and inward, hinting at a very sharp point atop the spire. The tower was so tall, neither Nadia nor Lansing could see where it ended. Coolant jets blew warm air from the base, blurring the trees. The northern fence, less than 300 feet away, sagged toward the tower as if bowing in submission.
“It’s beautiful,” Nadia said. “What’s it called?”
“Baffle tower,” Lansing said. “They were planted a long time ago, all over the pole.”
“And what do they do?” Nadia’s neck grew sore from trying to discern the tower’s peak.
“Scramble the sky from the atmosphere so no one can see down.”
“How do they work?”
“They scramble the sky.”
“So basically you don’t have a clue how they work. Wonder why I didn’t see them earlier.”
“You can only see them from a distance a few minutes each day. Morning and night. The sun’s at too high an angle to cause much reflection.”
“Now you’re just theorizing.”
Eight dead brindles lay on the south side of the tower. Nadia drew her rifle and guarded Lansing while he inspected the carcasses.
“Wasn’t Bledsoe,” he said. “These brindles were young and sick. Stopped moving and lay down. That’s death to brindles. Leg action operates their lungs. Stop moving and they die.”
“Why don’t we sit back, let ’em all go out this way.”
“Because there’s no guarantee they’ll every single one of them lie down by week’s end.”
“No swaybacks yet so it must’ve been recent. You saying the brindles never sleep?”
“Not long. You really need to start doing your research.” Lansing knelt, used his rip stick to pull the URCs one by one.
“I learn from experience, not books.” Nadia was about to turn away so Lansing could pocket the teeth when he shocked her by walking north and chucking the URCs over the fence.
*     *     *
The setting sun was in free fall. Lansing decided they’d spend the night by three twist trees that were leaning east. No one commented on the symbolism. There was a shower grate nearby and enough flat ground for the van’s headlights to find them in the dark.
Each hunter chose a tree, brushed away pebbles and leaves. Lansing undid his groin cinches, and he and Wren wriggled out of their rucksacks. Nadia attacked both bags and freed her captive bedmat (from Lansing’s rucksack) and her ditty bag (from Wren’s).
All three unrolled their bedmats.
“What about the rampage rounds?” Wren said. “What do you have against old-fashioned stalking?”
“No one’s hunted the brindles in fifty years,” Lansing said. He opened the top half of his armor and laid it on the grass. His bare, clammy skin was imprinted with octagons from the armor’s interlocking plates. “The books and films described the brindles, but it didn’t describe them sick. Like how well they can hide themselves. That’s the reason for the rampage rounds. The whole preserve’s on edge ’cause we fucked yesterday up. Too much carnage, too many loose rogues.”
Wren quickly said, “I wasn’t the only one.”
Nadia sat down and scratched her crotch by pressing the armor against her thighs and rubbing her thighs together, discreetly. “Lanz is right,” she said, “the brindles are definitely hiding.”
“We don’t have two, three weeks to sniff them out,” Lansing said. “We’ve got to drive them out, and drive them forward.”
“With bombs,” Wren said. Unlike Lansing and Nadia, Wren hadn’t taken his canteen off his belt.
“I don’t mean lobbing rampage rounds every two minutes,” Lansing said. “I’ve only eight of them left anyhow.”
“I got ten,” Nadia said.
“Same here,” Wren said. “Ten.”
“A few a day, enough to lasso the brindles where we want,” Lansing said.
Wren filled his pockets with extra ammunition, fluffed his rucksack and laid it at the head of his bedmat. He unsheathed his Winchester. “And when you get the bill for destroying the preserve?”
Lansing pulled out a granola cluster. “This is healthy ground,” he said, chewing and talking at the same time. “This is resilient ground. Any damage we do, it’ll get reversed in five, six months. All the gaps get filled in, just like they were before. That’s how Wildernesse is. The land, anyway.”
“Eccles said — ”
“Eccles wants the preserve repopulated the second we’re done, and we won’t ever get done if we’re gonna be soft-shooting. Isn’t one season’s inconvenience — There’s two other preserves. Don’t you think that’s better than Wildernesse losing its only business?”
Nadia said, “Why? Why can’t they move everything somewhere else?”
“Isn’t the planet nine-tenths mountains?” Wren said.
“Somewhere else,” Nadia said, “meaning someplace else. Another planet.”
“Where?” Wren said. “And there’s probably too much to move. And who knows if it’d work.”
“They could’ve tried,” she said under her breath.
Had Eccles been there, he could’ve told them that they had tried, but there was a unique bacterium necessary to the brindles’ stomachs, a bacterium that hadn’t survived on any of the test planets, including Earth.
“Aren’t you guys a little bit cold?” Wren said.
“Never,” Nadia said. “It’s like I’ve got a fever all the time, no matter the weather, if I’m sick or not. Where’s the van?”
Lansing said, “Soon as it gets here, we’ll brush, shower, and sleep. Clean our guns and sleep.”
“You’ll shower and sleep,” Wren said. “There’s still some light left.”
“Not much,” Lansing said. “You noticed yesterday how fast it got dark, you see where the sun is now.”
“Wren, give your gun a rest,” Nadia said. “We’ve got five more days.”
“He gets to hunt all morning.” Wren shook his rifle at Lansing. “I’ve got all night. I’m already down six that were rightfully mine.” He walked off, chugging water from his canteen.
“He’s got a hard-on for victory,” Nadia said.
“He’s always trying. Trying, trying,” Lansing said. “I’m waiting for him to actually do something.”
“You’re not nervous, though.”
Lansing finished the granola cluster and started on another.
“Of losing,” Nadia said.
“I’m filthy,” Lansing said. He scratched his underarm. “Where’s that fucking van? I need a shower.”


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 11

Bledsoe had gone south to show off, but Rose wasn’t watching him. She wasn’t watching anything. Her vision had been in and out of focus ever since hearing that Lansing was on Wildernesse.
Earlier in the day, Bledsoe had cut behind the other hunting party to show Rose he could triumph over their failures, root out brindles they’d missed, finish the contract ahead of schedule. Before leaving, he’d detailed his flawless plan, his deductions and surmises. Rose had nodded without listening. He’d whistled and left obvious markers on the way but Rose wasn’t in the same kind of hurry and got separated.
She was in no hurry to see Cass flush barrel midges and swaybacks from another thicket that was barren of brindles. Rose wanted to see Lansing. She thought, I hope he’s aged. Hope he’s scarred. I hope he’s as beautiful as I remember him.
Rose had been trying not to think about Lansing for twenty-five years. Twenty-five years of exhaustive disdain, avoiding that region of her memories even though they were tangled with some very potent memories of her father. And since last night, her very first night on Wildernesse, thinking only about her father and Lansing.
Rose had veered east by late morning. Ignoring Bledsoe. In search of Lansing.
Each rifle discharge gave her fits of ecstasy. She traced the rifles to the ex-quarterback and the short woman with the spiked hair. Lansing’s farther ahead, Rose thought. Gotta pick up the pace, catch him when he’s alone.
Lansing had come to live with Rose and her parents when he was fifteen. She knew he’d been smuggled off Wildernesse though how it was done, and why, was kept secret. Rose was the same age and justifiably curious about the circumstances of Lansing’s departure. She devoted herself to this riddle with the unhealthy obsessiveness that comes naturally to teenagers.
She cornered him often, pressed him for answers, but even then Lansing was cold and loath to talk.
When Rose’s father, Slocombe, became aware of the harassment, he put an end to the cross-examinations with a public lashing in the mansion’s den. He promised to retire the belt if Rose would apologize to Lansing.
Her apology was as hollow as a bell. She presumed the whys and hows behind Lansing’s emigration were too humiliating to discuss. She came up with her own theories. He was:
Abused.
Neglected.
An experiment.
A murderer, or perhaps a target for murder.
Rose snickered and smirked in his presence, knowing how embarrassed Lansing must feel, being so young yet having accrued so sad a past.
She couldn’t believe she was related to someone so interesting. Her father and Lansing’s father had been estranged brothers, and she’d never heard the name Lansing before he showed up on their doorstep.
Before that day, Rose had earned her father’s love by assuming the role of a doting son. Pre-Lansing, Rose’s father had taken her down to his basement workshop, shown her how to hand-lap a rifle’s barrel or damask a knife. He’d schooled Rose. He spoke aloud as he worked, extolling the merits of stainless steel versus chrome moly, a fixed-power scope versus variable. Quizzed her on tool selection and awarded correct answers with ten minutes as his sous smith.
Rose was Slocombe’s gun caddie during his afternoon hunts on their thousand-acre estate. He refused whenever she asked to fire one of the guns, but still she asked every day. Shotgun or rifle, she didn’t care.
For the duration of Lansing’s stay — a little over two years — Rose’s masculine status was commuted to feminine daughter/irksome tagalong.
On Lansing’s third day, Slocombe brought him down to show him the workshop. “No,” Rose shouted. “He doesn’t belong. He’s not yours.” And, softly, “This is our room.”
Lansing looked uncomfortable but said nothing. Slocombe said, “Be a good girl. A good quiet girl while I show Lansing here the difference between a breechloader and a muzzle-loader.”
It was the first time Slocombe had asked Rose to be any kind of girl.
Slocombe had conquered hunting’s most arduous principles, and in controlled situations he was an excellent shot. Despite his passion for the sport, his imagination didn’t exist outside his workshop. In the field, he was too careful, easily flummoxed, incapable of blending opposing techniques to surmount hunting’s inherent surprises.
Lansing became his new student and caddie. In less than a year, Slocombe was taking instruction from him. Rose watched the gradual unveiling of Lansing’s legendary talent while she sat in flowerbeds and skipped stones over the grass.
When the Pennsylvania afternoons became too cold to join them outdoors, Rose sought her mother’s company in the mansion’s library. She was a thin woman and seemed to be getting thinner for as long as Rose could remember. Rose would put a board game on her mom’s lap. The moment she finished arranging the pieces, her mom would swipe them to the floor. “Not now. I’m almost done with this copy of Ancient Cookery. It’s not your father spending time away from me, dear. Remember that. I’m the one spending time away from him. I’m more interesting than those dangerous toys he makes. Tell me you’ll never forget that.”
Rose sequestered herself in the workshop. Her father had been coming down less and less because Lansing had no interest in the tools and machines. She studied Slocombe’s handwritten notebooks, mastered the workshop’s most difficult instruments. On days when she was feeling audacious, she’d bring these instruments to bear on whatever project her father was perfecting.
She worked in small increments. Rough-shaping a stock blank, polishing a front sight ramp. At first she made more mistakes than the average novice because the tools and machines were old, conforming to the guild’s technological moratorium. And her eyes were too often on the door — ready the moment it swung open to immerse herself in the object at hand, to look as if she never watched the door. Only then would Slocombe rediscover his love for Rose, only then would he see how she’d selflessly devoted herself to something he loved that Lansing did not.
She made fewer mistakes as her filial fantasy died of starvation.
Rose hated Lansing for sabotaging her existence. As she brushed her teeth every morning, and showered and dressed, she brooded over all the catastrophic adjustments she’d had to make since his arrival. One sudden morning, her brooding changed to longing. She loved Lansing. She wanted to clutch, absorb, own him. And in owning the nephew Slocombe loved, possibly regaining her father’s love. When Rose slyly stared at Lansing — through her glass of orange juice, through an upstairs window, through his open door while he slept — she could feel her heart consuming the rest of her body.
This love manifested itself the same time her breasts started to swell. Her emotions for Lansing were at their most palpable when her father was around, but that crutch was soon discarded, allowing her desires to unmask themselves in a hundred dangerous ways.
“You can have me,” she told Lansing one night from her bedroom door. “Be the first to have me.”
“It’s unnatural. Go to sleep,” Lansing said.
“Love’s natural,” she said and drew apart the curtains of her robe.
“Close your robe and go to bed,” Lansing said and shut his door. And locked it.
Lansing stayed with them for another year. He failed the library lessons given by Rose’s mom and spent his daylight hours outside the mansion, stalking and killing the beasts that roamed Slocombe Manor’s woods.
His days became redundant, his prey less challenging. Lansing was confident there were satisfying hunts to be had elsewhere. During this year, Slocombe was rejected by the guild for the twentieth time. His reflexes were deteriorating. He pushed Lansing harder, as if Slocombe’s failures could be absolved by his nephew.
One Thursday morning Lansing yawned, rolled over to punch his alarm clock, and saw that Rose lay in bed with him, naked. “My body feels good, Lansing. Touch me here. I’ll show you how. Gimme your fingers — ”
Lansing threw her out of his room. He was gone the following week.
Rose trapped their neighbor’s boy and raped him. After a dozen such boys, she was branded with the nickname Secondhand Rose.
Her father disappeared months later.
Rose tripped over a burbush and fell against the south fence. She clapped her hands to break up the dirt and saw Cass watching from a grove over a mile away. Rose thought, We should accept Cass, not Bledsoe. That hearing, it’s uncanny.
Cass and Bledsoe were standing near four dead swaybacks. “Cass, plugs in,” Bledsoe said. She unbuttoned one of the pockets on his bandolier, removed two nose plugs and shoved them into her nostrils high and hard.
“Good girl, Cass. Get a dose of this swayback stink and you’ll be chasing them all day.” He used his bayonet to slash the swaybacks from genitals to neck, and across their tails. He sheathed the gun, jammed his fingers inside the tail cuts and pulled the fur back toward the animals’ heads. The skins came up like old carpets. Instead of tacks and dried glue, these carpets were festooned with sinew and fat and parasites.
Bledsoe had been burning off nervous energy all day, overexerting himself during the simplest chore so he could feel calm for a few minutes afterward. His arm was the battery that stored this unwanted energy. Unless he was shooting or cutting or skinning, his arm shook so hard Bledsoe was sure it would become dislocated.
He hadn’t slept since the bulk cruiser. His supplier had assured Bledsoe that the Wide Awakes were harmless. “These pills’ll keep you up. Wide Awakes’ll keep you mad if you’re mad already, but no more’n that. Awake, man, awake, no more. If you’ve something better in mind and don’t see it here, name it. There’s not much my lab can’t reproduce. Tell your Daddy what you’d like.”
Bledsoe had wondered if the pills would convert his fatigue into something else. Not altogether a bad development, he thought. More energy’s better than less. Rose’ll find out tonight. I’ll toss her a hump she might actually enjoy.
Bledsoe shined Cass’ boots with the slimy underside of a swayback pelt. “This makes you bait, Cass,” he said. “Once they get a whiff of your shoes, no brindle is gonna resist. Now go, Cass.”
Cass walked toward another grove and paced it from end to end like a bored sentry. She fondled the nose plugs, was on the verge of pulling them out when Bledsoe snarled at her.
He was crouching by the skinned swaybacks, his rifle targeting the air to Cass’ left. His arm was shaking again. Bledsoe noticed other changes as well. Colors seemed deeper today. At first he’d attributed this to a conspiracy between the foliage and the sun. Then he blamed it on stress — that tease, Rose, keeping herself to herself. Supposed to be watching me, he thought, and where is she? Standing by the fence, hiding behind those shrubs, holding it in. Have to go sometime, Rose. It won’t stay in all week.
The air seemed heavier than it had in the morning, like liquid in his lungs. Is it the pills? he thought. It’s not the fucking pills. It’s Rose. It’s too many swaybacks and not enough brindles.
The four dead swaybacks were accidents from a failed trap two hours earlier. He knew that a better sportsman would’ve left them alone, but it had been an eternity since his last brindle kill and he was feeling rusty.
He crab-walked from swayback to swayback. “You’ve got no fight, all of you,” he said. “I like a beast with some fight.”
He took a deep breath, luxuriating in the smell of blood. He lusted for that smell, enjoyed it more than Cass did. As a child, Bledsoe would cut his arms just for the smell though his own blood had no fragrance for him anymore. Too many cuts, too many injuries.
Bledsoe used the rifle to pry open the swaybacks’ jaws. A sad fucking day, he thought. Giving these vermin a once-over to see if I can filch their teeth to pad my numbers. And they’re no good, too damn small. I shouldn’t be here. I should be running RifleHire, hunting brass tuskers. Telling reporters to kiss off but letting them write my stories anyway. Here I am, chafing my fingers on dog teeth.
Sunlight ricocheted off the pristine rifle. Bledsoe stuck the gun into the jaws of the nearest swayback, scraped the gun back and forth, stepped on the swayback’s nose, drew the gun across the teeth. The rifle emerged with only a few scratches but without its old reflection.
Cass loafed in front of three more groves. Her scented boots lured no brindles or swaybacks.
Bledsoe stood up and said, “Cass. Cass, here.”
She approached obediently.
“Plugs out, Cass.”
She blew the nose plugs into her hands and put them back in the bandolier’s pocket.
He gave her the rifle and played with her hair. Cass smiled. Bledsoe smiled back and said, “Find me some live brindles, Cassy. The dead ones are fine when Rose isn’t around.”
Cass nodded.
“But Rose is too close to us right now, isn’t she? Cass?”
Cass nodded again.
“We need brindles, Cass.”
Cass frowned.
“That’s right. Blessow’s disappointed.” He dipped his fingers into his URC pouch. They came out red. He held his fingers under Cass’ nose and rubbed them with the tip of his thumb in the universal gesture for money. “You’ve done fine today but we need to catch some brindles of our own. If not our own, and if Rose isn’t around, we’re just gonna take the gold ones, right? So everyone can beat Lansing.”
Bledsoe dried his hand on his chest, dug two Wide Awakes out of his bandolier and swallowed them dry. He took the rifle back and said, “Cass, leash.”
She fixed the leash to her collar and knelt. Facing east, like Bledsoe.
“Cass, ready? Are you ready, Cass? Ready to go? Now go, Cass. Cass, go!”
Rose followed because they were running in the same direction as Lansing. She stayed so far back that she was indistinguishable from the shrubs and trees, yet she had the impression that Bledsoe always knew exactly where she was. He never turned around, but he never advanced before Rose freed herself from sharp branches, never ran when she was making slow time through the undergrowth.
These adjustments in pace restricted Bledsoe, but he hunted brilliantly. Cass and Bledsoe only tracked and bagged nine brindles that afternoon, but Rose had never seen such winning guesswork. Every shot was a kill, every gamble a handsome payoff. Lansing’s talent mocked her father’s, but Bledsoe outperformed her memory of Lansing. And Bledsoe with only one arm.
Rose thought, If he hadn’t been disgraced, he’d probably be sitting in Raab’s chair by now. Lansing’s boss. I should radio the ship, tell ’em Lansing’s here. And the minute I hang up, they’ll come down and kill him. I won’t tell them. No.
Whenever two or more hunters were sitting around in RifleHire’s flagship, waiting for contracts, talk always gravitated toward their undeclared war with the guild. Everyone had their opinion of how that war should be waged: kidnap guild members; storm the guild itself; contract the guild to false hunts on distant rocks, attack them there; and more.
It was a constant discussion whose only constant was Lansing’s assassination. Everyone agreed that the war should start with a demoralizing blow, the death of the guild’s all-star.
RifleHire had been created by three disgruntled hunters whose applications to the true guild had been repeatedly rejected. Rose lamented the fact that her father had missed the gestation of this antiguild. She was admitted as their armorer. Her relation to Lansing was no secret, and they begged her to sway Lansing’s defection. “Offer him the presidency,” they said, picturing their private dream hunts made real, enormous wealth, headquarters twice that of the guild’s in a city even more renowned.
Rose didn’t bring the bid to Lansing. She hadn’t even sought his help to find her father. She’d convicted Lansing in absentia for her father’s disappearance. During Slocombe’s last months with his family, he conducted his days from bed, ate too much, showered rarely. Then he stunned his wife and daughter by pulling off the most impossible of tricks: vanishing.
Slocombe’s customers queried the status of their orders by sending letters, then calling the mansion, and, finally, in person. Rose placated them with an elaborate tale of artistic seclusion, told each of them that the piece they commissioned would be Slocombe’s last and, hence, priceless. She quietly auctioned off her father’s collection of treasured mementos, completed his stalled projects, auctioned them as well. She boxed up his notes, purchased a needleship, and went looking for her father.
Her mother burned down the library and died in the fire.
Rose knew that her father had gone to Dartmoor. In the few lucid spells since Lansing left, Slocombe talked only of Dartmoor, idealizing the secret planet as if it were a sportsman’s Valhalla.
She begged the guild to find him a dozen times, and a dozen times they refused. Rose had little regard for her money or her body, and used both to bribe weak guild members. Five years after her father vanished, Rose found Dartmoor.
Dartmoor orbited a nameless, minor sun. The guild rented the sun’s anonymity from the Celestial Tribune. Rose couldn’t get too close because of Dartmoor’s elaborate sensors, though her needleship’s autistic computer could have easily deceived them. She knew she’d only be able to use that gambit once, and she wasn’t yet ready.
Sixty-eight hunters roved the planet’s continents, one of the hunters surely her father. A few were armed with rifles but most hunted with bows, spears, or slingshots. Rose didn’t recognize any of Dartmoor’s fabled game. Some had familiar traits, but crossbreeding and inbreeding made categorization impossible.
One trait common to all the animals was ferocity. During the weeks Rose studied the planet, two retired hunters were ambushed and eaten. Rose knew she wouldn’t last an hour.
She was out of money; her needleship needed fuel and repairs; her body needed the unkind attention her damaged psyche craved — to alleviate all of these deficiencies, Rose joined RifleHire. She sold the needleship and sold Slocombe Manor.
She’d been manufacturing and maintaining RifleHire’s arms for seventeen years. During her first few years, she’d asked permission to join their most dangerous contracts as a free gun. RifleHire’s generals found out that Rose had inherited her father’s lack of outdoor skill. They also realized she had the peerless ability to recognize talent in others.
Rose’s list of duties was expanded to include Arbiter of Taste, approving or denying applicants. Since that promotion she’d sat in on scores of hunts, assessing form and style, acting as RifleHire’s gatekeeper when actually what she was doing was holding blind tryouts for a Dartmoor chaperone.
None of them were good enough for Dartmoor. There wasn’t anyone on RifleHire’s permanent roster good enough, either.
Rose watched Bledsoe corner two brindles against the south fence. He might fit, she thought, but he wouldn’t last long enough. One arm on Dartmoor’s too much a liability. And if we lasted a whole day, I’d probably kill him in his sleep.
When Bledsoe had mentioned Lansing last night, Rose felt as if a tomb had been unearthed inside of her. Buried in that tomb, buried alive in that tomb, was love. It was still twitching. It had lost its sheen and was repeating the same accusation that made Rose sob when she’d sealed the tomb’s door: “It was your unnatural lust that forced Lansing to flee, and after that, your father.”
Fuck love, Rose thought. Me and Lansing drove my father away. Together we can get him back. Lansing could master Dartmoor. I can’t let Bledsoe into RifleHire, he’ll agree with all of them, he’ll want Lansing dead. He’ll wanna lead that hunt. I’ll approach Lansing tomorrow or the next day. He’ll wanna come. He loves me. So much time has passed, no animosity can live this long. I don’t hate him. He doesn’t hate me.
I’ll need the rifle back from Bledsoe, she thought. Strand him here, maybe shoot him. He has no idea how many years that gun took to forge, how many contracts it’s been tested on, what makes it so special. That gun’s for Dartmoor.
Bledsoe walked up to the tree she was daydreaming against and dropped the gun at her feet. She nearly grabbed the gun and ran.
“You’re in a daze,” Bledsoe said.
“Where’s Cass?” Rose said.
“Up ahead on the fence, baby-sitting some kills. The teeth don’t wanna come out. For some reason, mares are worse. I’m gonna go help Cass. The gun, trigger’s still creeping. She’s muzzle heavy, too, that’s becoming apparent the more I use her.”
Rose combed her hair, straightened her shirt. “Muzzle-heavy guns have a steadier swing, and they hold a shoulder better.”
“Just help me out, honey. Don’t you want me to beat them? Don’t you want me in RifleHire? You’ve had a little taste of Bledsoe. It’s addictive.”
“I’m just observing.”
“Fuck you, you’re so objective. Fix the gun later, after you clean it and oil it. Drill out the butt and put some weight in there to offset the front.” He put the gun in its scabbard, put the scabbard on the ground.
“If you want in — ”
“Into Rose or RifleHire?”
“You want in, first thing I’d change is your tone.”
“I’ll get in.” He shook his head and walked toward Cass and the stubborn-jawed brindles.
The setting sun was in free fall. Rose laid her bedmat next to the rifle and changed her shirt. Sat down, peeled open a plug of Tilapia jerky. The fish meat was sharp and hard. Goddam things, Rose thought, can’t ever tell if they’re stale or not.
Three bites into the plug, Bledsoe returned with Cass.
“Got ’em out,” Bledsoe said.
“Terrific,” Rose said.
Bledsoe took the bedmat from Cass’ rucksack, knelt, and laid it over the grass. He looked up at Rose. “Feeling better?”
“Better?”
“Went off by yourself before. I notice you haven’t moved your bowels since we’re down here. I assumed you were flushing the pipes.”
“I’m a lady, you fucking cocksucker. Remember that when you talk to me.”
“Where’s the harm?” he said. “Thought you were gonna pass some berries. You haven’t looked well, ever since I brought Cass back last night. Was it those leafy things? I had some of them. They went through me so fast, came out looking like they did going in.”
“No leaves, no berries.” Rose took a few more bites of jerky.
“Bag is soaked,” Bledsoe said. He emptied the bloody tooth pouch onto the bedmat. He sifted through the URCs, grouping them by size while spreading them out to give the illusion of abundance. “Didn’t see any running water nearby, did you? A stream or something? Brindles’ll smell me a mile away with all this juice. Cass, here.”
Cass stooped next to Bledsoe. He fed her two of the bloody teeth.
Rose turned away. “I’m tryna eat here.”
“Some meal. Freshwater jerky.”
“It’s dinner,” Rose said, turning back to face forward.
Bledsoe’s knuckles were dripping with brindle blood. He fed Cass another tooth. She licked it clean, chewed off the rind, swallowed, spat the yellow tooth into her hand and slipped it into her pocket with the first two.
“You’re gonna make me gag,” Rose said.
“All of a sudden you’ve got standards,” Bledsoe said.
“She’ll get sick.”
“She spent three months in an inoculation tank. Twice as long as the guild requires, and we know how cautious they are. Took six contracts to cover the cost of that. She’s vaccinated against everything.”
“To the pox?”
Bledsoe shrugged and untied his topknot. Grey hair swung down over his face.
“All those teeth are yours?”
“Are they mine?” Bledsoe tried to fit one into the gap where his own URC had been. “I’m teasing you.”
Cass chuckled. Bledsoe elbowed Cass affectionately and fed her three more teeth.
“Are they yours?” Rose said. “You only bagged eleven today. I did see some skinned swaybacks, though.”
“Don’t take them outta context. And you weren’t around all day. Looking for a nice private place, pop yourself a squat. These’re mine.”
Rose grabbed a corner of his bedmat, pulled it toward her. “There’s got to be at least twenty here. Maybe twenty-five.”
“Only takes me a minute to kill each one.”
“Pulling their teeth and killing them. Two very different things.”
Bledsoe retrieved his bedmat with a brusque yank, handed Cass more URCs. “I don’t cheat. I don’t have to. Can I get a progress report? The jury’s has been awfully quiet.”
“The jury’s debating. Throw this out.” Rose handed the jerky wrapper to Bledsoe, who gave it to Cass, who ate it.
“Gets so dark here so fast,” Rose said. She clicked a globar to life, set it down beside her.
“How’d your father die?”
“He didn’t.”
“Hasn’t been heard from, though.”
“He’s alive.”
“Can’t be. You have trouble letting go?”
“Things didn’t turn out the way he wanted, so he left.”
Bledsoe widened his eyes, inclined his head.
“Left. He left. He might be on Dartmoor.”
Bledsoe’s cackle made Rose furious and defensive. Bledsoe said, “Dartmoor, really.”
“I plan to go and save him.”
“Don’t bother, he’s jaguar shit by now.” Bledsoe scooped up the rest of the teeth and stuffed them into Cass’ mouth. Her face was bearded with blood. After the teeth were clean, Bledsoe put his fingers in Cass’ mouth so she could clean them, too. “Once it gets under the nails, forget it. Dartmoor? Rose, you don’t even know where Dartmoor is.”
“I’ve been there.”
“That’s — that’s an accomplishment. And what was it like?”
“I didn’t go down.”
“You’ll never go down. You aren’t good enough to last there. Thinking your father’s still alive. Is everyone in RifleHire as optimistic as you?”
“They’re a lot more like you. They love to kill.”
“I do love to kill.”
“You probably won’t meet them. I think probably you won’t.”
Bledsoe handed the pouch to Cass. “Cass, clean. Clean with water, Cass. Go find a fucking river or something.” He waved his hand impatiently. “Use your nose.”
Cass nodded and left.
“What’d they say when you told them?” Bledsoe said.
“Who?” Rose said.
“RifleHire, about Lansing.”
“Know what, Bledsoe? That’s one less thing you need to worry about. We’re here for you, not for Lansing. Fuck Lansing.”
“They’d wanna know.” He wiped some blood off the bedmat. “Lansing’s here and they’re up in the sky? The way he’s been undermining RifleHire? They’d wanna know.”
“They told me to wait on it.”
“You didn’t call them.”
“This afternoon.”
“This afternoon you were gone. This morning I stole something of yours.” He unbuttoned one of his bandolier’s pockets and removed Rose’s communicator. “You didn’t call them immediately after I told you Lansing was here, that’s how I knew you weren’t going to. Ever. I called them.”
Rose lunged forward, arms outstretched. Bledsoe used his forearm as a shield and flopped onto his back. Rose jumped on top of him. She grabbed his hair with one hand, pounded him in the face with the other. She dug her heels into his legs. Bledsoe elbowed her in the neck. He punched her in the jaws; Rose’s teeth clapped together and her head flew back. She dodged the second punch. She kneed his unguarded groin. Bledsoe rammed his palm into her sternum. Rose kept her balance. She spat in his eyes. He belted her in the kidney. She held his arm to the ground with her left hand. Bledsoe jerked his arm to the side and Rose fell flat against him. He shoved her onto the grass, stood up, and kicked her in the back of the head.
Rose curled up like a salted slug.
“You shouldn’t have made me call,” Bledsoe said. “You fight like a recess bully. Father teach you that, too? My balls are swelling up. Not in the good way. I’ll expect you to take care of them later.” He hurled the communicator at her. “They haven’t responded. Keep checking.” He tied his hair back up into the topknot. He grabbed the rifle in its scabbard. He pulled his flare gun from its belt holster and fired one into the sky. “I’ll be hunting all night. You’ll fix the gun when I get back, it’s lopsided.”


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 12

The flare spattered the streamlet with orange. Lansing thought, That’s Wren or Bledsoe. Planning to hunt through the night. Wind up getting eaten.
He knelt on the bank of the streamlet and filled an empty mag with sand. He didn’t see any brindles on his way back to the camp. Nadia was asleep on her bedmat. Earlier they had cleaned their guns together, brushed their teeth.
The van pulled up. Before the vehicle came to a stop, Lansing had the back doors open and the shower rod in his hands. He walked the twenty paces to the grate. The pubic grass hadn’t yet gone sharp. Lansing screwed the rod into the socket. The water took a few minutes to change from brown to blue. He undressed, held his armor under the nozzle with the strongest pressure, used the sand from the mag as an abrasive to scrub off the grime. Used the leftover sand on his body. It left him raw but clean.
Then he washed his socks and pants, strangled them dry.
He unscrewed the rod, laid it over the grate, shook his armor. Used his hand towel on his body and his armor. Got dressed. He carried his Marlin over to his twist tree and leaned against it, facing west. The drivers hadn’t moved from the van. They were staring at the western horizon as if they expected a second sun to rise.
Three more flares dragged light across the black sky. The preserve slumbered. Lansing’s thoughts coasted to a standstill but his senses scanned the landscape for signs. Before and after contracts, he sometimes smoked opium because it helped him to tolerate his disease. He supposed this harkened back to the grisly lurk and the junkie physician. His doctor in Johannesburg didn’t endorse this, nor did he discourage it. Chaykin hated the smell. Lansing never smoked opium on a hunt.
An hour and a half later, five swaybacks put Lansing’s mind back into motion. They avoided the van’s headlights and infiltrated the camp, hobbling, favoring first their forelegs, then their hind legs.
They limped past the van and circled toward Nadia. Before they could nose through Wren’s rucksack, Lansing stood up and shouted. The swaybacks, each leg suddenly healthy, hugged the ground and barked at Lansing. He yelled and came at them kicking grass and soil. The swaybacks squinted, retreated a few paces. Lansing turned his rifle around and held it from the barrel like a club. He swung at the swaybacks, missing them on purpose, pushing them past the headlights and into the darkness.
Lansing heard the drivers in the van laughing. Nadia yawned and scratched her nose.
“Swaybacks?” she said.
“They almost got Wren’s rucksack.”
Nadia sat up. “They can have it. You’re the one’s carting all my good stuff. Could you pass me my lip balm?”
“Go find us some wood and build us a fire.”
“I’ll crack a Sterno, it’s easier.”
“That’s just throwing it away. There’s burbushes around.”
“Last night — ”
“Tonight I’m not in so much of a hurry. You had a nice nap while I stood guard. Do me a favor.”
“You were waiting for brindles.”
“I was waiting for swaybacks. Brindles aren’t gonna wander into camp. And don’t smoke anymore, I smelled it on you before.”
“Probably from that last one. It lingers.”
“You’ve had at least three since I told you not to. Stink up someone else’s hunt.”
Lansing went over to the tree again. As soon as Nadia went off in search of kindling, the swaybacks returned.
The shots startled the van’s drivers.
Lansing grabbed the dead swaybacks by their furry napes and heaved them through the trees. Wren was approaching from the same direction.
“Didn’t you say to lay off the hounds?” Wren said.
“You forced me to kill them,” Lansing said. “Recognize the one with three legs? They must’ve seen you get the food from your rucksack, ’cause that’s what they were after. Would’ve been at us all night.”
“I’m not gonna keep apologizing for one mistake. They’re dead. Problem solved. You need to be more pliable.”
Wren tossed his Winchester onto his bedmat, got his towel from his rucksack. Took his boots and socks off. Gave himself an injection in the ankle, then walked around and around until he found the shower grate. Nadia came back with a few dozen twigs. She gave Lansing a nasty grin, raised her arms and let the twigs fall.
Lansing sat down on his bedmat and chewed on a piece of hardtack. Nadia undressed. She didn’t care anymore if the drivers saw her naked, she just wanted to leave Wildernesse. She took her towel from Wren’s rucksack, left her armor and clothing on her bedmat, walked nude toward the shower, stood under the nozzle opposite Wren.
Two more flares went up, spreading enough light for Nadia and Wren to see each other clearly.
Bet he’s ashamed of that loose gut, Nadia thought. He’s getting old. Pecs are solid, though. They’ll be the last to go.
She washed her hands, then her arms.
“You don’t seem all that interested,” Wren said.
“In you?”
“The contract. I’ve been watching. Today you passed right over three, four brindles with your color on them. You didn’t pull their teeth.”
“I didn’t challenge anyone.”
Wren washed his knees and calves. “You’ve no ambition, so I won’t bother explaining. There’s still the charts for you, though. Keep ignoring the teeth, you’ll wind up last place end of the year.”
“Not likely.” She wet her hair and picked dead midges off her scalp. “I get lazy. I’m not in the mood to be pulling teeth all week.”
“There’s more to it than that.”
“There’s nothing to it,” Nadia said. “This hunt bores me. You bore me.”
“You could help me out,” Wren said. “Couple teeth, here and there. Handouts like that could put me over. What do you care about Lansing? Help me, or I’m liable to get bored myself. When I’m bored, I like to mull a good mystery. It might happen I’ll figure out why you’re so indifferent.”
Nadia watched Wren clean his feet before she answered. “If you have to ask these kinds of questions, look for this kinda help, you’re never gonna beat Lansing.”
“I will, without your help.”
Nadia swiveled so that both shoulders got wet. “My shower last night was interrupted.” She rubbed her breasts, then the hair between her legs. “My pussy’s felt dirty all day.”
Wren looked away.
Nadia slid a hand between her buttocks. “This is where the sweat really collects.”
Wren stepped out of the spray and used his towel. “If you’re tryna embarrass me, that won’t work.” He put on his shirt, underwear, and pants. Then his clean armor. “And if you’re tryna entice me, you’ll need a lot more chest than those teacups.”
Nadia waited until Wren walked away before shouting, “It was embarrass!”
Wren passed the anemic fire Lansing had made of Nadia’s twigs. Lansing was standing near the van, his body facing west. His Marlin’s stock was wedged in his right armpit, the barrel resting on his left forearm.
Another pack of swaybacks rummaged behind the trees. They found their dead brethren, used their jaws to pull the carcasses out of sight. Some of the swaybacks chewed while they pulled.
Wren dropped his towel on his rucksack. He sat on his bedmat, put on his socks and boots. “They’re cannibals, too?” He grabbed his Marlin and stood. “Shoot ’em?”
“Someone’s coming,” Lansing said.
Wren lowered his gun. “Can’t see through the dark and all them leaves.”
“I don’t see anyone either.” Lansing shifted his weight from his right foot to his left.
“You don’t see anyone, can’t hear ’em, but they’re coming you say.”
“The drivers are sitting there waiting for someone. They been looking this way for hours.”
“Bledsoe?”
Ten minutes later, an air scooter puttered into camp. “Not Bledsoe,” Lansing said.
Eccles wiped out. He got up. Righted the scooter. Sprinted over to Lansing. “See that scooter?”
“Take some deep breaths,” Lansing said. “You’ll pass out.”
“Do you see it?”
“It’s there, we see it,” Wren said.
Eccles looked up at Wren with evil, slitted eyes.
“Point those icy rays somewhere else,” Wren said.
“It hovers, that scooter,” Eccles said. “Doesn’t touch the land.” He divided his eye time between Lansing and Wren. “The van, she hovers. Why do you think we’d make our engineers go through all this trouble?”
Wren said, “You don’t like stepping in shit is my guess.”
“You’re in the shit, the two of you. Lansing especially. Blowing holes in the ground? You know better, Lansing. I’d expect that from the giant, but you grew up here. Not one petal on one flower’s to be smudged. Not one anything.”
“The brindles went scarce,” Lansing said. “They’re hiding, we don’t know where.”
“You’re supposed to be some kinda hunter. Hunt them.”
“Gotta flush them out,” Lansing said. “There’s no time for a hard-target search. We’re not after a lone brindle.”
Eccles said, “Who gave you permission to bury the brindles last night?”
“They buried them.” Lansing wagged his rifle at the van. “They disrespected my kills, and I made your drivers bury them.”
Eccles didn’t realize it, but he was hopping up and down. “You can’t bury them, and you can’t set off — ”
“Those graves were plenty deep,” Wren said.
Lansing said, “Your men aren’t good for much, but they dig a pretty good hole.”
“I also hear you’re shooting swaybacks for fun. This whole brindle situation’s gone from unfortunate to irredeemable. It’s bad enough all the damage the rains’ll do when they arrive. You’re exacerbating. Don’t exacerbate.”
Nadia came back from the shower, laid the shower rod by her bedmat. She started dressing. Eccles couldn’t look away. Nadia licked her lips and blew him a wet kiss.
Eccles said, “She’s — How old is she? What’s happened to the guild?”
“We’re tryna save your ass,” Wren said. “We’ll only be here five more days.”
“Whatever holes we make, they’ll get filled in,” Lansing said. “It’s a greedy preserve. Gaps get filled. A good rain, some seeds. We won’t touch the lake. But expect more.”
“If you wanna help, chat up your drivers,” Wren said. “They’re waiting too long. Swaybacks are dragging brindles off and feeding on them.”
Eccles sprang forward, his arms battering rams. Lansing cross-checked him with his rifle. Eccles landed on the ground. “Chat ’em up later,” Lansing said, “when your red blinders are gone.”
Eccles got to his feet with the clumsy balance of a toddler. “I called Raab. Which of you is Wren? The giant or the girl?”
“Me,” Wren said.
“I told Raab to send another one to replace the guy was buried, and instead he goes on and on about some challenge.”
Wren said, “Sounds like you’ve been talking to the drivers all along.”
“All along.” Eccles brushed nonexistent dirt from his sleeves. “I wish you the best of luck. Did you know you’re at a disadvantage?”
Nadia came over, dressed but without her armor. “I’ve been telling him.”
“Because Lansing’s hunted brindles before,” Eccles said, “aside from this contract. Only person to illegally hunt brindles in the last fifty years. That’s what got him booted off Wildernesse when we were kids. He’s done this before. Maybe on a hunt so important, he should be handicapped.”
Eccles swung at Lansing who took a step back to escape the fist’s arc, then took a step forward and hit Eccles in the face.
Eccles held his left eye closed with his hand. Blood seeped through his fingers. “Can’t see. How am I gonna drive back?”
Lansing walked Eccles to the scooter and sat him down.
“I’ll go and get the paste,” Nadia said.
“Leave the paste,” Lansing said. “I’m not wasting it on him. Wren, see if you can get the van over here.”
Wren walked off. Lansing heard glass shatter, and some shouts after that.
“They’ll drive you back,” Lansing told Eccles.
“You’re a jerk. I’m sorry I got this assignment.”
“You’ll be bleeding the whole way, so when the van’s returned tomorrow, I expect it clean.”
“I’m sorry we went to school together. It was a stupid coincidence. I wish it had happened to someone else. I’m glad they made you leave Wildernesse.”
“We both know it didn’t happen that way.”
Eccles spat a glob of blood into a burbush. “That should fuck you up. I’m glad you won’t ever be coming back.”
“Neither will you,” Nadia said. “You’re on the preserve, contaminated just like the rest of us.”
“Goddam it. Now they’re gonna throw me out. You tell anyone I was here, any of you — ”
“No one’s gonna tattle,” Nadia said. “Quit shaking. Keep the pressure on your brow.”
Eccles said, “There’s biomass sensors in the ground every few hundred feet.”
“No technology,” Lansing said.
“All the brindles up to this spot are dead. The rest are moving east.”
“No technology,” Lansing said. “No help, Eccles.”
“I thought you’d appreciate it, be appreciative.”
“Well it’s not appreciated,” Nadia said. “One thing we aren’t is appreciative.”
“And your exploding bullets,” Eccles said, “they’re not technology?”
“Not the way you mean,” Lansing said. “Just small mortars, came along well before the guild.”
The van pulled up next to Eccles. Wren got out from the back and left the doors open.
Eccles said, “Take it easy on the land. Easy, Lansing.”
“The land can take it. You better hope it can because I’m not letting up.”
Wren lifted the scooter into the van. Nadia brought over the shower rod.
Eccles climbed in on his own. “Do you know who Creery is? Well, you will,” Eccles yelled and slammed the doors.
“The drivers, they didn’t feel like taking him,” Wren said. He rubbed his good hand against his leg. “We’ll see them tomorrow, and they promised to be more wary — ”
“You mean aware,” Nadia said.
“Aware, aware about the brindles.”
“You said they’d promised that already,” Nadia said.
As the van’s AG stilts acclimated to the new weight, Lansing went over to the nearest burbush, snapped off the branch with Eccles’ bloody spit on its leaves, and dropped it into the incinerator. The van honked before it left. Wren gave the hood a hard smack.
The hunters walked to the fire. Wren threw some twigs over it and sat on his bedmat. Nadia moved her armor off her bedmat so she could sit. Lansing squatted on his bedmat, took a pumice ball from his rucksack and rolled it between his hands. In less than a minute, his fingers and palms were chalked with skin dust.
“I get calluses, too,” Wren said. He finished the water in his canteen. “That’s to make sure I get up early with the dayravens. Piss, the best alarm clock in the world.” He shifted his legs. “I get calluses. From touching too many roots and hides and cartridges.”
“On which hand?” Nadia said.
“But your hands, Lansing, they’re like gloves of bark.” Wren began cleaning his rifles.
“Meantime,” Nadia said, “with the van gone, what about tomorrow’s brindles? And what about the brindles the drivers didn’t torch today?”
“The swaybacks’ll get some of them,” Lansing said. “All of them, maybe.”
“They’ll get sick, won’t they?” Wren said. “Swaybacks live off dead brindles — ”
“Dead anything,” Nadia said.
“Far as we know, the pox’s contagious,” Wren said.
“The contract’s for brindles,” Lansing said. He continued to sandpaper his hands with the pumice ball. Wren was waiting for Nadia to show her disapproval of this public preening with a snide remark.
“We’re not responsible for the swaybacks,” Lansing said. “You don’t know if the disease can cross species. I’m not a vet. Concentrate on the brindles.”
“And if the swaybacks do get sick?” Nadia said.
“What’d Lansing just say?”
“Shut up, Wren.”
“Then the swaybacks get sick,” Lansing said. “Blame Eccles, who didn’t think this through. And we have too much work with just the brindles.” He held the pumice ball between his thumb and forefinger, aimed the ball toward the fire, and blew. A cloud of skin fluff passed through the flames and drifted up into the air like magic embers.
Wren said, “But you don’t condone killing them outright, the swaybacks. You don’t care if they get sick, but when — ”
“Nature’s harsh,” Lansing said.
“You’re harsh,” Nadia said and laughed. “That thing work?”
Lansing tossed the ball to her. Nadia took her off her boots and socks, and used the stone to file the dry clefts in her heels.
“We should hunt together tomorrow,” Wren said, “a staggered drive. That way, positioning the rampage rounds, taking advantage of that, we’ll do better. Plus we can take breaks when one of us is on a streak.”
“When you’re on a streak,” Nadia said.
“I think we’ll be more effective.”
“This drive, no posters?”
“We all have to keep moving. Walking backward some of the way, depending on where the rampage rounds land.”
Lansing said, “We’ll try it till afternoon, see how we’re doing.” He made two full mags from four half-empties, treating the cartridges gently.
“This thing burns,” Nadia said.
“Hold it tighter, don’t rub so hard,” Lansing said. “Water from your canteen might help.”
She crossed her legs, feet on her thighs. Poured water on her soles, then grated them.
No one spoke for a few minutes. Wren, his guns cleaned, put them in their scabbards.
Nadia slapped dead skin from her feet and returned the pumice ball to Lansing. “Enough podiatry for one night,” she said and pulled her socks and boots on. “Wish I’d brought better socks, these are old. Any socks would do, my feet are small. Anybody?”
Lansing finished buffing his hands, then put the pumice ball away. Nadia said, “Throw me my clear bottle, the glass one.” Lansing reached inside his rucksack, passed the bottle to her. Nadia unscrewed it, dipped two fingers inside and stroked the curly hairs on her braid.
“How often you oil it?” Wren said.
“It’s straightener,” Nadia said.
Wren nodded. His breaths became longer and quieter. Nadia watched as Sleep’s gentle undertow pulled him down, then she said, loudly, “Lanz, I gotta ask what we’re all thinking. You’ve hunted brindles before?”
“It didn’t happen like Eccles said.”
“You didn’t hunt them at all?”
“Not like he said.”
Wren sat up, disoriented, and said, “You think RifleHire’ll take Bledsoe?”
“If he impresses his ward,” Lansing said. “He was a Grand Marksman. He was a great hunter.”
Nadia looked at Wren. “Blessow’s chances are better than yours.”
“I’m doing all right.”
“You are,” Lansing said. “People been telling lies about you. You’re better than I’d heard.”
Wren didn’t want to seem too moved by the compliment, so he blurted out the first thought that came to his mind, “You hate RifleHire.”
“Bunch of slob hunters,” Lansing said. “Jacklighters like them, they sour the sport. Why’re you staring, Nadia?”
“Shit, sorry. The bloodshot in your eyes is gone, I can finally see the whites. I just noticed it. The swaybacks you killed, I can still smell them. Can’t we move?”
“Not till morning.”
Nadia inhaled and let out a long, droning sigh. Her forearms were pimpled with hundreds of bug bites. She dug at the bites with her nails. “Damn flies have turned me into a snack bar.”
“Must like the way you taste,” Wren said.
Lansing said, “Must like the way you smell, Wren. They been swimming around you all night.”
Wren opened up his armored sleeves, yanked his collar down to expose the top of his chest. “Not a bite on me.”
Two barrel midges landed on Nadia’s leg. She greased them with her thumb. “My DEET ointment’s not doing a thing.”
“You should really put your suit on,” Wren said.
“I don’t always sleep in it like everyone else. I hope the midges aren’t carrying pox.”
“Better pray,” Wren said.
Lansing cleared scores of dead midges off his bedmat.
Nadia said, “Lanz, you don’t have to worry, your suit zaps them dead. That can’t be legitimate tech.”
“You sound like Eccles,” Lansing said. “It uses old tech. In a fancy way, but still old and with old principles. It passed evaluation.”
“I wasn’t kidding yesterday. How much you want for it?”
“They’re gonna bury me in this.”
“Can I at least rent it till the contract’s over? A little sympathy?”
“No.” Lansing kicked some soil on the fire. Nadia and Wren helped, and they all went to sleep.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 13

A rocket cut through the damp air, twirling into the upper atmosphere. This week’s shipment of sliced brindlemeat on its way to the distribution shuttles.
Nadia and Wren, half a mile ahead of Lansing, ignored the rocket and the steady bass of its engines. Lansing tracked it across the cloudless sky, noting the pattern of its sound wake, his rifle aimed at the eastward groves and mounds most likely to be disturbed by the noise. No brindles came running.
When the ship and its attendant roar were gone, Lansing paused to scrutinize this morning’s terrain. The northern and southern fences were indistinct traceries, but for the first time since he’d entered the preserve, both borders could be seen from the same vantage point. Getting narrower, Lansing thought. We’ll run outta space before we run outta brindles.
Wren used his field glasses and came to the same conclusion as Lansing.
Three packs of swaybacks stalked Lansing from afar.
Lansing wondered who would inherit Preserve 3 when the brindles were gone, before Wildernesse officials oversaw the meticulous introduction of the other brindle strains. The swaybacks were the obvious heirs, but their food of choice was dead brindle. Once that link in the food chain was smashed, Lansing knew the swaybacks would be forced to turn cannibal exclusively, and any species that subsisted on itself was fated to perish. Lansing dismissed his earlier notion that the swaybacks would flourish, that they’d leave the preserve for the cities and demand the guild’s attention.
He decided that the dayravens were the most likely candidates to dominate this habitat, short-term. They avoided the swaybacks, were omnivorous, and respected their dead.
There were the furless rorkes who, like the barrel midges, inadvertently aided plant propagation by littering the preserve with a dandruff of grass seeds and pollen grains. The furless rorkes were more prevalent this morning, more daring, as were other small animals with minor roles in the ecosystem.
The ground rose toward a low, broad hill that straddled the preserve diagonally for miles. As Lansing climbed its back he saw that this was one of many such hills he’d have to climb going east. It was bald on top, with a thin growth of twist trees around its ears.
Nadia and Wren were kneeling on the hill’s smooth crown.
“It’s not even late morning,” Lansing said.
“We’re not resting,” Nadia said.
“Down there,” Wren said.
At the bottom of the hill was a small structure, one storey tall. Grille vents checkered the flat roof. There were no windows and no visible door. Burbushes, twist trees, and long-stemmed pink flowers had been scrupulously planted to hide the walls from casual notice. Thin creeper vines hung from the cornices like a cheap wig.
“I hate creepers,” Wren said. “I’ve got a tale to tell, I’ll share it with you both later.”
“Someone’s sitting over by the corner there,” Nadia said. “Sleeping or dead.”
“Probably dead,” Lansing said and walked down the hill.
When Lansing jabbed him with the Bedoui, the sleeping man lashed out with both fists, jumped up, lashed out again. Lansing dodged the blows easily.
“Who the fuck’re you?” the man said. He stretched with the upward motion of a patio umbrella being cranked open. “Point that gun away from me.”
“You with Bledsoe?” Lansing said.
“I’m with me. Don’t know any Bledsoe. I’m Fahy, used to work in the slaughterhouse here. Excuse me.” He bent over and coughed up stones of hard phlegm. There was a wrinkled wart on the base of his thumb. Fleeing the wart was a sash of purple skin that ran up into his jacket’s sleeve.
Lansing stepped back.
Fahy’s hair was short and patchy. He’d cut it himself, and recently. His clothes — blue jeans, brown shirt, hemp jacket — were mottled with stains. He spat out some saliva to chase the phlegm. “Had this cold all week.”
“Get your stuff and head back,” Lansing said. “You can’t be here.”
“I work here, shooter. The slaw ter howsss. Try listening to me.”
Nadia and Wren came up behind Lansing. Nadia said, “Pretty sure they closed this slaughterhouse down.”
“That’s right, little squaw,” Fahy said. “They did last week. My buddy Markham, he convinced me to stay here with him. He’d always wanted to hunt brindles. Been forbidden so long, he had to. Except they must be smarter than him. We split up a couple days ago and that’s the last I seen him. When I’m not out hunting for him, I sleep in here.”
Wren said, “Tell us what your friend looks like, we’ll try and find him. You can’t be out hunting now.”
“Who says? I don’t need permission.”
“On this particular day you do,” Lansing said. “Wildernesse contracted The Orion Guild to take over.”
“You’re from the guild. And that makes me, what, useless?”
“Useless to me,” Lansing said. “You’ve got two minutes to get your things and go.”
“I’ll come with you,” Fahy said. “Another body, another gun.”
“We don’t need any help,” Nadia said.
“Listen to her,” Fahy said. “Looks like you’d need help tying your shoelaces. The guild? You find most people are intimidated by that? Bunch of killers, running around, shooting at helpless animals?”
Lansing said, “The same helpless animals that killed your friend.”
Fahy leapt at Lansing who dropped the Bedoui, laid his hands on Fahy, and slammed him into the slaughterhouse wall. Fahy slid to the ground, looking much as he had when the party first saw him.
“I wanna look inside,” Lansing said. He grabbed the Bedoui and swept the creepers aside, searching for the door.
“I’ll stay with the body,” Nadia told Wren. “Why don’t you keep Lanz company.”
Wren said, “When this guy wakes up, how are you gonna handle him? I don’t get the impression he’s shy about hitting girls. I got a hundred pounds over him, he’s got a hundred over you.”
“I been in more bar fights — ”
“I’m tryna do you a favor here,” Wren said. “Less conflict means you’ll live longer. Take a break. Help Lansing out.”
“Before this contract’s done we’re gonna lock horns, you and I,” Nadia said, “see who’s the bigger man.”
Lansing had been in slaughterhouses before, though none so small and none so redolent with the overbearing stench of feces. It smothered the lesser smells of urine, blood, and sweat. He could taste the smells on the back of his tongue.
“Like a toilet in here,” Nadia said as she came through the door.
“Don’t close that,” Lansing said. “The fans in the ceiling are broken.”
The slaughterhouse was divided into five stations. Along the right wall was the prep area. Unconscious brindles were lowered into a formfitting harness suspended from ceiling tracks. The beasts were then lifted into the adjacent cubicle whose sole decoration was a pneumatic poleaxe that swallowed the brindles’ heads and killed them with a punch to the brain. Over a high curb into the next cubicle. The harness was taken off. Glass walls, like shower doors, slid shut around the beast. Mechanical shears, knives, and hooks attacked the body, slashing the hide, peeling it back, skinning them whole.
The next cubicle had an array of sharp, slanted poles that split joints, stripped limbs, and diced the animal into boneless blocks that were handily carried over to the carving countertop that spanned the left wall.
Lansing’s boots stuck to the floor. A partially skinned brindle was still in its harness on the right. Barrel midges had made a hive of the carcass. On the countertop, rotting meat bulged from the slicing machines. At the end of the countertop was a mound of brindle steaks. Each steak was wrapped in cellophane stamped with the WFDA’s approval, and each steak was squirming with chiggers.
“Two million dollars in meat, at least,” Lansing said.
“This isn’t the operation I was expecting,” Nadia said. She poked one of the steaks with her finger. “Brindlemeat’s on fancy menus everywhere. Thought the slaughterhouses would be auditoriums.”
“The real ones are closer to the cities. When I left, anyway. They don’t kill as many as you’d think. Brindles are the planet’s wealth. They don’t want the well to run dry.”
“And here we are, pissing in it. How many have we killed so far?”
“Don’t forget about the two other preserves north of this one,” Lansing said. “The brindles’ll last.”
Nadia said, “Long as no one hears about the taint, then we may as well kill them all.”
Outside, Wren was watching for swaybacks. He thought, It’s my fault they follow us around? Fuck Lansing, and fuck Nadia. One pemmican ball, and I get all the blame. For being decent? Feeding a hungry animal?
“You travel with some mean friends,” Fahy said. He rubbed his back and stood up. “Could’ve broken my spine, way he pushed me.”
Wren turned around, his rifle centered on Fahy’s stomach. Wren said, “Did you really enjoy working here?”
Fahy pulled down a handful of creepers. “Did you really enjoy getting sacked every Sunday, Wren?”
“That’s not who I am anymore.”
“You’ll always be that,” Fahy said. “To billions of people. Not that I ever rooted for you.” He grabbed some more creepers and yanked them free. “You think you’re a hunter now?”
“What I think — You, I think you should watch your mouth. I’ll feed you those vines if you like.”
“I could use a little variety.” Fahy bit through one of the creepers hanging off the roof. “Nothing to eat here but brindle, and I’m sick of them.”
“You’ve been eating the brindlemeat?”
Fahy scratched the wart on his hand. “See anything else here to eat? We ran outta food our second day alone, me and Markham, two weeks ago. That’s when Markham made a keen observation. ‘Like we won the lottery,’ he said, or something close. Maybe he said ‘lotto.’ We’d both of us never tasted brindle. Bet you have, with your gridiron salary.”
“You make a lotta assumptions.” Sweat was collecting in Wren’s eyebrows.
“They wouldn’t even allow us the morsels that fell on the floor. On the floor with the blood and sawdust. Had us grind the morsels into patties at 500 dollars an ounce.”
“Didn’t they tell you the brindles are infected?”
“Said something about it before they fired us. Said that’s why they were closing this chop shop. You scared of a little tainted meat? You can’t catch the pox, stupid jock. If you ate dog, would you get kennel cough?”
“I don’t eat dog,” Wren said.
“I’m allergic to something, though,” Fahy said. “Fever, too.” He took off his jacket, revealing a macadam of warts that paved the skin all the way up his arm.
Fahy scratched the warts with the muzzle of his handgun, and before Wren realized that it was a gun, it was pointed his way.
“I need help finding my friend,” Fahy said.
“I told you we’ll look for him.” Wren didn’t raise or lower his rifle, it was still centered on Fahy’s stomach.
“A nice troupe of hunters like yourselves, you understand about camaraderie. Put your rifle down, quarterback. Ha! Quarterback with a rifle. You are a sorry sight. Put it down. I need help, and here you are. Three of you. We can fan out north. Haven’t looked north for Markham yet. The gun, down.”
“I really think you should leave the preserve.” Wren’s trigger finger tensed. “I think you should really start listening to me.”
“After we find Markham, then I’ll lend you fellas a hand. A dozen bulbs blew by yesterday, headed east. I worked this chop shop eleven years. I’m an almighty brindle expert.”
“Factory slaughter and hunting out in the open? Two different kinds of killing.”
“The fuck they are. Dead is dead, my friend. I killed more brindles than you ever will. If you got the constitution for it, don’t matter how it’s done.”
Fahy coughed, and Wren fired. Fahy fell like a dancer, gracefully. His blood, black and dull, had already congealed around the bullet hole.
Lansing and Nadia came running out of the slaughterhouse. “Wren,” Lansing shouted. “The fuck you shoot him for?”
“Kept coming at me,” Wren lied. “Had a gun. He had — He threatened to make us all go with him after his friend. Said he’d rape Nadia. Said he — He said he’d kill you for hitting him.”
Nadia glowered at Wren. He almost expected her to shoot him in revenge for the slain butcher.
“Had to,” Wren said.
Nadia crouched by the body and grinned with half her face, the half farthest from Lansing and closest to Wren. “Definitely dead,” she said. “How’d he go? Was he surprised?”
“No blood on the wall,” Lansing said. “That would’ve been hell to clean. Nadia, stop touching him.”
“You saw the wart on his thumb,” Wren said to Lansing. “How come you didn’t know he was sick? Look at those veins around the warts. Said he’s been dining on brindles. It is contagious.”
“That’s why we brought our own food,” Lansing said.
“He came at me,” Wren said.
“Bury him,” Lansing said.
“I’ll dig the hole. Who wants to help with the body?”
Lansing put his earplugs in and walked away.
“Lansing, aren’t you gonna help? Nadia, why don’t you get a knife from inside, tear up some of this grass, then we can get going.”
“We’re going already,” she said, put her hands on her knees, and stood.
“Nadia, I’m so far behind. Just a few minutes.”
“And make sure you dig it deep,” she said. “Wouldn’t want your nosy swayback pals to exhume this poor guy and spread his blood around like fertilizer.”
“You don’t care about Lansing. You don’t care about any of this.”
“I don’t do chores when I don’t have to,” she said and trotted after Lansing.
Wren paced around the butcher’s body. He tested the ground with his heel. It was hard and dry. He unhooked his trigger net. He mumbled, “One good hand and they leave me to bury this guy alone.”
Lansing and Nadia didn’t know the true condition of Wren’s right hand.
The guild’s malady abhorrence had caused scores of premature deaths. Hunters so afraid they’d be stigmatized that they masked their symptoms rather than seek medical help, rather than risk guild backlash. Most thought Wren’s trigger net a conceit, a hunting accessory whose only value was that it made Wren feel more dangerous than he actually was. Wren never refuted this gossip, it was less damaging than the truth.
His hand fell away from the gun like a scab. Too many Sundays and too many yards had robbed the hand of most of its feeling and much of its flexibility. His index finger could pull the trigger, and on occasion he was able to use the hand to masturbate, but that was the extent of its utility. Nobody on this contract had noticed that he worked the levers on his Winchester and Marlin with his left hand.
Blood thinners supported the mirage of health by restoring color and, on rare days, minor dexterity. He’d lied to Nadia about the syringe’s motive, told her it was for a drug habit because addiction was the only sickness the guild condoned. Except for Lansing’s sickness. The reason for Wren’s blood thinners, aside from the ploys of color and mobility, was to save him from a fatal clot.
Wren removed his rucksack and sorted through it with his good hand until he found the syringe. He filled it. No one was around so he stabbed the needle directly into the bad hand, through the flesh between his middle and ring fingers. He didn’t feel the needle going in. He tried to flex the hand, but it was no less rigid than the day before.
Some swaybacks appeared atop the hill. Like a throng of pesky siblings, Wren thought.
There were no digging implements in his rucksack, so he upended his gun and used the stock’s toe as a pickax. He chipped the hard soil but made no real progress. His throat was as dry as the ground, but he chose to quench the ground instead by pouring out the contents of his canteen.
The water made no difference. Need a fucking jackhammer, he thought. I won’t ever catch up. Lansing’s probably come across ten, twenty brindles by now.
Lansing’s rifle sounded from a mile to the east, muted but mocking. The knuckles in Wren’s right hand, his most reliable stress barometer, started to swell. He threw his canteen at Fahy’s head.
The swaybacks were halfway down the hill. Wren hooked his elbows under Fahy’s armpits and dragged him toward the slaughterhouse. Fahy left no blood on the ground. Getting him through the door was a muddled exercise in angles, weight, and leverage. Lansing’s rifle sounded two more times, adding frustration to the formula.
Wren closed the door behind him to shut out the swaybacks. He was about to leave Fahy on the floor and rejoin the hunt when the ceiling vents came on. Worse and worse, Wren thought. Can’t have the reek of Fahy’s blood spewing out over the preserve.
He searched the slaughterhouse for a switch to flip or a cable to pull. “Precious minutes,” he sang, over and over. By the thirtieth repetition he gave up and decided the vents were powered by hidden timers. He couldn’t cram their spokes with brindle bones because the vents were too high.
If the vents are working, Wren thought, so are the rest of the machines.
He confined his inventory to the carving station: slicers, grinders, a loose hacksaw, scales, disposable trays, and a cellophane dispenser.
Everything he’d need.
*     *     *
“Think our Wren’s feeling guilty?” Nadia said.
Lansing crouched by the slain brindle, pulled its URC with his rip stick.
“Think he feels sorry?” she said. “Guy wasn’t that ill, wasn’t a danger. Wren wanted to kill him, just for the experience, see if it had any thrill for him.”
Lansing walked toward a string of low, diagonal hills.
“Good choice,” Nadia said. “Can see a lot from up here.”
Lansing stared at a Halloween tree on the northern horizon and could sense no peripheral movement. He used his riflescope. No targets.
“He doesn’t feel bad,” Nadia said. “He enjoyed it.”
Lansing pointed at his earplugs.
“You making him bury the guy, he didn’t care for that.”
Lansing removed the plugs. “You’re gonna keep prattling whether they’re in or not.”
“A hunter needs his five senses.”
“Some noise can be a hindrance.”
“What noise? Me?” Nadia said. “Have you been on purges before?”
They moved on to the next hill.
“Purges?” Nadia said.
“Sometimes it’s necessary,” Lansing said.
“Six years ago, me and Villiers, we stamped out a giant herd of bouc noir. I mean bouc noirs. We hated it.”
“Nothing to like about it, not unless you’re a maniac. There’s no sportsmanship. Very little, anyway.”
“So you’ve done it, too. Purges.”
“There’s not much you’ve done that I haven’t.”
“Often?” Nadia said.
“I try to get out of it when I can,” Lansing said.
“Must charge a king’s ransom.”
“Pro bono, on the guild’s behalf, when it’s needed.”
“Except not for Wildernesse.”
Lansing said nothing.
“Mine was an airy hunt, barely any cover. Me and Villiers and about 2,000 cartridges.” She adjusted her armor and perked the spikes in her hair. “No tracking, no decisions to be made one way or the other. It was all flatland and stupid bouc noirs. The hunt had no symmetry. Putting down the ones Villiers’d only wounded, that was awful. Bloodiest two weeks of my life.”
Lansing took a swig from his canteen while Nadia looked back the way they’d come, for Wren.
“After the bouc noirs,” she said, “I decided only to hunt intelligent animals. Animals you could see something in their eyes. There aren’t too many of them. I’ll go poor doing it. Poor’s better than bored, though, chasing these dumb brindles. We’ve too much advantage.”
“That’s wrong,” Lansing said. “They have the advantage. They outnumber us by the hundred. The brindles, most beasts you’ll ever hunt — including bouc noirs — they know their environment better than you do. We’re a hell of a lot noisier than they are. Only advantage I have is being more ferocious.”
“And two rifles.”
“Ever hunted any squamouns?”
“Not yet.”
“Then you don’t know what you’re talking about.”
What Lansing didn’t say was that he loved all animals. He was awed by them, he was impressed with their strength. He hunted and killed them, yes, but he loved them as well. Their intelligence and beauty and quirks. No animal had ever lied to him, or been rude, or cheated him, or had gotten greedy. How the most repugnant were also, to Lansing, resplendent.
Nadia said, “But animals can turn on you, and some are mean as hell.”
“That I’m used to.”
Lansing heard the growls before Nadia. He put his hand out, hunched over, and moved toward the hilltop. Down to their right, past a stand of twist trees, a sick brindle was fighting off two swaybacks.
The swaybacks darted around the mare, barking and growling. Jumping out of reach just in time. When they moved in as a team, the mare reared up and cuffed the nearest swayback. She pounced on the second swayback and — 
Lansing fired. A one-shot kill.
Nadia said, “Could’ve fired sooner, saved two swaybacks.”
“If I’d’ve had a sooner shot, I’d’ve taken it.”
“Nature’s harsh.”
Lansing claimed his tooth and walked back up the hill. “Why don’t you ask me already? There’s something you wanna ask, so ask it.”
“Why did they call it ‘The High Hunt’?”
“That’s old business.”
“No one told me it had a name. By the time I found out, the hunt was dead. I’d already had enough bad press so I never asked.”
“It’s an old term. Refers to a limited hunting season, usually sometime in the fall and at high elevations. It had rules and traditions, specific targets. It served a need. Someone applied it to Bledsoe as a joke, said our campaign to bag him was this century’s High Hunt. It stuck, and that’s what we called it.”
“Who came up with it? Who applied it to Bledsoe?”
“Seven or eight people have taken credit,” Lansing said. “Doesn’t matter who actually said it.”
“Bledsoe needed to be put down,” Nadia said. “The guild was right to hunt him.”
“Bledsoe insulted the guild, but hunting him insulted the sport, and that’s worse.”
“Can I have a cigarette?”
“No, and no more questions. Start hunting.”
Nadia held her gun at port arms. She took some subtle, deep breaths to force herself awake. Looked out on the preserve like someone who actually cared about what they were seeing.
“There,” she said, pointing at a bulb of running brindles. “I’ll take them.”


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 14

Wren caught up to Lansing and Nadia two hours later.
“Look at you,” Nadia said. “Where’s the sweat? I’m tryna decide between swayback lunch or a shallow grave.”
“Let me know when you decide,” Wren said.
The sun was perched in its idle daytime slot, directly overhead. A faint easterly breeze whistled over Lansing’s armor. He knelt in the pubic grass and chambered a rampage round. So did Wren. Nadia was cleaning bird shit off her arm while glaring at the dayravens overhead.
“I’ll take the northwest, you take southwest,” Lansing told Wren. “Pick your spot carefully.”
Lansing spread his knees, leaned forward, and pulled the trigger seconds after Wren. The explosions blew a gale across the calm meadow, rumpling the grass and exiling dayravens. The artificial wind knocked Nadia down.
To the northwest, a grove of twist trees was thrown into the air followed by a halo of dirt and rock.
To the southwest, an acre of land crumbled into a sinkhole.
Wren nodded at Lansing, said, “How long should it take?”
“Shit,” Lansing said, “longer than this.”
A bulb of brindles roared toward the hunters from the south. Nadia stood up and wiped the dirt from her armor. She yelled, “Why didn’t anybody warn me?” and fired at the approaching bulb.
Wren froze. He had never used a rampage round before. While he was frozen, Nadia killed four brindles. Lansing was on his sixth. There was no cover handy. The brindles were too close to dodge. Lansing stood his ground.
Wren’s first shot nicked an old mare as the bulb ran through them.
A burly mare leapt at Lansing, giving him no time to fire. He dropped to his knees, released the Bedoui’s bayonet, and gutted the beast as it flew over him. Wren was bumped aside like a mannequin. Nadia hit the ground again, this time of her own accord.
The bulb tore through the grass, heading east. The hunters fired. Two more brindles fell. Ten got away.
Lansing made a rag of some pulled grass and used it to clean the brindle scum off his armor. He held his rifle at arm’s length, tilting the breech, tilting his head, looking for cuts. “Put it down,” Nadia said. She walked around him, checked his neck and face and hands. “You’re fine. Me?”
Lansing reciprocated her exam. “Fine, nothing,” he said.
Wren asked Lansing for the jar of wound paste and spread a small amount over a gash on his good hand.
“Not so much,” Lansing said. “I don’t get to Lachryma often. That jar usually lasts me a year.”
“I can see how much you’ve got left,” Wren said, helpless to squelch his petulant tone. “What about my face?”
“Twirl around for me,” Nadia said. “Slower. Slower. Good. Grass stain on your cheek, that’s all.”
Lansing, Nadia, and Wren collected teeth.
“These brindles are filthy,” Nadia said.
“From the rampage rounds,” Wren said.
“From hiding under the soil,” Lansing said.
Wren said, “Under the — ”
“Partially, anyway,” Lansing said. “This dirt’s hard packed. Brindles sit still and they’ll die, but this bulb managed to cover themselves with — ” He snapped his fingers at Nadia who was looking skyward for dayravens. “Pay attention,” he said. “There’s a lesson here. We should’ve learned this lesson yesterday. We can’t assume the sick ones will behave like normal brindles.”
“Like normal brindles,” Nadia said.
“He’s mad ’cause ten got away,” Wren said.
“They went in exactly the direction we wanted,” Lansing said. “The rampage rounds are working. Why would that make me mad?”
“Wren’s projecting,” Nadia said.
“He’s what?” Lansing said.
“Psychological defense. He’s attributing you with — Forget it.”
“I was not,” Wren said.
“We’ll fan out, sweep across,” Lansing said. “Where the grass ends, a mile or so east, that’s where we’ll meet up.”
Wren went to the left, Nadia to the right. Lansing started down the center and they all walked east. They drove in an uneven line with their rifles held in a loose offhand position.
The land gradually acquired a steady incline — two, then three degrees. This incline was accelerated by a steep hill, Signal Hill, five miles away. Its wide face was barbed with Halloween trees. They grew on a bias equal to Signal Hill’s slope, looking like a forgotten volley of javelins. Lansing planned to reach the hill by tomorrow night, but he knew his pace depended on Nadia and Wren and whether he stayed with them or not.
Signal Hill was paramount as it was the most direct route to the preserve’s second, higher altitude. Beyond the hill were the palisades, the preserve’s dead end, thirteen miles from Lansing. He expected to arrive at the peach cliffs the day after Signal Hill.
Today’s day three, Lansing thought. That gives us four more to make the palisades and exterminate every last brindle. Barring more trouble, that could be enough time.
Trouble like the rains coming early, he thought and ran a finger across his armored sleeve. His fingertip came away hooded with moisture. It was also getting colder. His nipples were hard.
Lansing turned around and walked backward, scanning their progress since sunrise, looking for missed brindles. There was no sign of the van. Lansing doubted it would return. If it does, he thought, probably filled with a government-sponsored posse of tyros to replace us. Or loaded with banned contraptions.
As he swiveled to face the palisades he heard a rifle bark twice. He didn’t bother to decipher the bark as Wren’s or Nadia’s.
Barrel midges trickled by him.
The trickle became a drove.
The midges weren’t alone. Lansing recognized a number of insects he’d chased as a kid — zippets, whirlzers, chunk lugs, and redblink-blackblinks. His armor sissed as hasty bugs smacked into him and were electrified.
Lansing remembered one of Slocombe’s few accurate tips: “Follow the insects. They’re the most sincere guides in any environment.”
“They’re headed east,” Wren shouted. “Pilgrimage for food. We’re on the — ”
Insects swarmed through the field in a tide of black ink. The cumulative murmur would’ve been deafening if the hunters hadn’t crushed so many bugs against their eardrums. Lansing dropped into a ball. His armor’s tune went from andante to abbandono in a mass electrocution of pests.
He held his breath for three and a half minutes, beating his personal best by thirty seconds. Thirty seconds of dread, picturing his lungs congested with flies.
Abbandono to andante.
Murmur. Whisper. Nothing.
Lansing rolled over and took a giant gulp of empty air. He waited for the psychedelic paisleys to fade from his vision. Wren was already in motion. Nadia was a dervish, spinning around, yelling and cursing and slapping herself.
They cleansed their ears and noses and mouths with water from their canteens.
For the next hour they continued east. The ground crunched with casualties from the abrupt exodus. Lansing stopped for a dying brindle that lay in the grass, groaning wetly. It had kicked a blanket of dirt over its legs and was trying to dig out a pocket to bury its torso. Carnivorous zippets were chewing through its eyes and soft underbelly. Barrel midges wavered in the grass, waiting for the brindle to expire so they could lay their eggs.
Lansing euthanized the brindle with a bullet behind its ear. He added the URC to his pouch, then walked through a shrunken family of JudySyd tulips that had been fighting the grass for water.
The tulips were named for Judy Sydney. Amateur explorer. Horticultural trillionaire by way of her chain of nurseries called Wildernesse. When FullTiltTech perfected FTL, Sydney had been one of the few private citizens wealthy enough to afford a custom ship. She left Earth with crates of tulip seeds, landed on dozens of planets, named them all after her nurseries. Before blasting off, she planted at least one field of tulips. She only landed on planets where her sensors said tulips could thrive.
At the end of her obsessive sowing, there were thirty-six Wildernesses. She died on the thirty-sixth, stepping out into a combustible rain. All thirty-six planets received impatient, entrepreneurial colonists, though few found their new surroundings remarkable. The only Wildernesse of note was the planet home to brindles. Eventually the other Wildernesses adopted new names, though only a couple would discover an industry to set them apart and support them.
A bullet cut down a tulip in front of Lansing. For a moment Lansing thought Wren had fired a wild shot, but when he saw Wren’s position, Lansing realized that the trajectory was wrong. On the north side of the field, half a mile away, was a column of old Halloween trees. A single branch was swaying deliberately. Bledsoe taunting me, Lansing thought.
Lansing ignored the trees and kept east. More bullets streaked through the grass in front of and behind him. Lansing wondered who Bledsoe’s chaperone was. From Lansing’s memory came a slide that was superimposed on Signal Hill: Rose, on his pillow, nude, willing. She faded into the hill.
The bullets ceased baiting Lansing and moved farther afield to pester Wren. For half an hour, Bledsoe sniped the plants and flowers around Wren. Finally Wren stormed over to Lansing. “I know you said don’t make it our business to put him down, but c’mon.”
“Pay him no attention,” Lansing said. “He won’t hit you.”
“He almost did. I stopped short to adjust my grip, nearly got shot in the hip.”
“Don’t stop short. He’ll give up. He’s playing his games.”
“You should let me go after him.”
“If this drive’s gonna work, we have to stay in position.”
“How’d the guild find out he was man hunting?” Wren said. “That planet Clemency seems so far away, it’s unlikely the guild could’ve known.”
Lansing walked faster, his eyes to the east and north.
“Slow down,” Wren said. “What made him turn killer?”
“The Clemency contract promised a lotta money is what I heard. No matter how much money he has, Bledsoe can never hold on to it. Too many bad habits of his need to be fed.”
“I didn’t factor in the money. I thought the only reason someone would turn killer is they enjoyed it.”
“With Bledsoe, could be both.”
“The Clemency contract, that was during the dry time, wasn’t it?”
“That’s no defense,” Lansing said. “Yeah, the guild was bloated with members back then. That, and for some reason there were only a smattering of paying contracts. No one else pursued restricted game. Bledsoe being Bledsoe — ”
“And desperate.”
“Instead of waiting for the right job, he took what he could get and he got caught.”
“How?”
“We’re more famous than you realize,” Lansing said.
“I know famous,” Wren said.
“Not on this scale. I’m tired of telling stories today. Ask someone else.”
Wren walked north. Nadia was in his path, standing over a dead brindle. She said, “Chased him a few yards but he died on his own. Of the pox, that’s pretty fucking clear.”
“You can understand why Eccles wants these beasts scragged,” Wren said. “The gourmands get a look at this, you can bring in the economists to do a postmortem on Wildernesse.”
“The van should really be here to torch this mare,” Nadia said and bent down with Wren. She rested her arm on Wren’s back. She yearned for a tree to lean on or a stump to sit on, some natural furniture she could relax against without letting the others know how sore she was.
All the walking contributed to her soreness, but the true culprit was her new rifle, the Savage. Her previous rifle had been accursed with too much felt recoil. It bruised her little shoulders, strained her muscles. Nadia had been stubborn about it, but when some of her teeth had to be tightened, she knew it was time for a different gun. She’d bought the Savage from the guild’s armory prior to leaving for Wildernesse, had some minor approved adjustments made.
Because the Savage was so much smaller than the rifle it supplanted, she’d assumed it would have less felt recoil. She didn’t bother trying it on in the field and was reminded of this mistake every time she pulled the trigger — the felt recoil was so powerful she thought she was in danger of detaching a retina. Nadia being unused to the gun, her perceived recoil increased and was evincing itself in a tic she was unaware of.
A weaker cartridge might solve the Savage issue, but Wildernesse was nowhere near a Sirius Munitions satellite store. She could stick solely to her Marlin, but that would raise questions Nadia was too indignant to answer. She’d been chastising herself with ramblings, like Such a rookie mistake. I deserve to live with the consequences till the contract’s over. It might break my arm. So stupid. It could break my shoulder. Why didn’t I test it out? This is Wren stupid.
She and Wren left the mare to the bugs. Nadia lagged behind. She would’ve asked Lansing for a coffee break if she didn’t already know what his answer would be.
She followed Lansing down a harsh declivity into a trough over a mile wide, south to north. Naked soil squished under Nadia’s feet. Minuscule rivers detoured through the lakes left by her boot prints. She plucked an irritating eyelash and noticed that Lansing was jacking in a rampage round. He nodded at her, and she hunted through her pockets for the devastating ammunition. Wren stood between them, gun low, ready for the next onslaught.
*     *     *
By midafternoon they found the traps. There were two, side by side, pressed against a hedge of burbushes. Wren thought they looked like giant glass shoeboxes. On the front was a one-way flap preventing escape. Inside the first trap was a baby brindle, weeks dead. The other trap was cramped with the body of a dead human. His clear coffin was scratched and upside down.
Nadia chuckled. “I almost feel guilty laughing. He’s like a magic trick gone wrong.”
“The brindle’s not even full-grown,” Wren said.
“Shows how smart Eccles’ scientists are,” Lansing said. “Only a brindle calf would fall for it.”
“And this poor sod here,” Nadia said. “His face is all bulgy.”
“An allergic reaction to the scent-lures inside,” Lansing said. “He must be the other slaughterhouse worker. Got attacked, crawled in here.”
Nadia said, “Saved you the trouble, Wren.”
He said, “I could make room in there for another. You’re small. Lansing, should we take him out, bury him? Not that I’m asking for the job. There is a little blood on the bottom.”
“It’s a JeffCo Trap, airtight,” Lansing said. “The lure’s designed to leak through the walls, and nothing else. Nothing that’ll scare any brindles.”
“Even I knew that,” Nadia said.
“Consider it his tomb,” Lansing said.
“The brindles are man-eaters?” Nadia said.
“Not usually,” Lansing said.
“This guy, he must’ve known about the traps,” Wren said. “Hope it never gets so bad for us we’d rather die like that.”
Lansing walked off before Nadia and Wren realized he was gone.
The soil pooled around their ankles, coating their boots with slush. Streamlets cut across the ground heading north. Lansing knew that this water was being sweated off the Silhouette Mountains to their south. That this water and the trough they’d recently passed, coupled with the imminent rains, would flood the lower preserves and drive the other brindle strains to the elevated lake for their semiannual mating. But he didn’t feel like explaining all this to the others, so he said nothing.
The hunters slogged through the slush and started passing prismwoods, trees whose oily bark reflected light in blended colors. Their secondary feeder roots lolled in the streamlets to capture nutrients from the rich mountain water. Fat leaves hung from their branches.
Nadia handed her Savage to Wren. “I have to go to the bathroom. And no, it can’t wait.” She stepped behind some prismwoods.
Wren laid Nadia’s Savage across two strong, forked branches. He stared at the leaves.
“You can eat them,” Lansing said. “They’re not bad.”
“I’m damn hungry,” Wren said and tore the biggest leaf off the lowest branch. The leaf was unexpectedly dense, and hard to hold because of its waxy skin. Wren bit it in half. Yellow juice ran down his fingers and chin. He swallowed a few times and said, “I could’ve drowned.” He swallowed again. “What’s it called?”
“The leaves? I forget if they have a name,” Lansing said. “Tree’s called a prismwood.” He scratched dead midges off his rifle’s stock.
“Want one? No, Nadia told me, you only eat once a day.” Wren put his rucksack down and sheathed his Winchester. “The leaves, will they keep?”
“Pull ’em off by the stem, don’t break the skin. Should last you a couple days.”
“That’s all I need, a couple days.” Wren eyed the tree like an orchard warden. “They should export these with the brindles. Juicy, delicious, sweet. Any tricks, which ones I should pick?”
“I haven’t been back here in twenty-seven years. Could be I’m remembering wrong and they’re deadly.”
The biggest leaves were out of reach. Wren couldn’t use both hands, so he selected the best lower ones and snapped their stems with his good fingers. Rescued the leaves from the mud, wiped them on his hand towel, stacked them inside his rucksack.
“You’re like Nadia,” Lansing said, “you carry around too much food. You had too much in there before the leaves. Even for someone your size, you eat too much.”
“Blame the gun.” Wren shouldered his rucksack. “It’s the fucking gun is why. Only one I’m comfortable with. We complement each other, but she swings like a gymnast. I need mass to keep her steady. The more I eat, the better I hunt.”
“Be easier you found a different rifle.”
“I tried them all. She’s the one. I’m dedicated to this, Lansing. I’m not talking New Year’s resolution. The guild, the challenge, everything. I wanna be the best hunter possible.”
Nadia emerged from her ad hoc privy. She lifted her gun out of the tree.
“Washed your hands?” Wren said.
“I couldn’t even wipe. What’s the plan again?”
Lansing said, “Best if we could make it to the lake by nightfall.” He pointed northeast, over acres of mud. “That’d be the most direct way. But we’ll never make it past all this sludge. We have to go around.”
“So we get a little dirty,” Nadia said.
Lansing took them north for twenty minutes and stopped where the mud turned black. He plumbed it with a scabbard. “Two feet. Those aren’t shrubs out there, those’re treetops. If we tried swimming through here — ”
“Right to the bottom,” Wren said.
“Okay, we walk around,” Nadia said.
“We won’t have to. Van’s here,” Wren said.
The van was the same. The drivers were new. Lansing couldn’t see them from the waist down, but their shoulders were so broad they bridged the side windows. Their hands and jaws were correspondingly colossal. Lansing guessed that these men weren’t the type to string brindles to the grille, they’d string up people instead.
“God, Wren, they’re bigger than you are,” Nadia said.
“Driving’s not what they’re here for,” Lansing said.
The van stopped behind them. Lansing opened the rear doors. The interior was clean of Eccles’ blood. He shut the doors and put his hand on the incinerator hatch. It was warm.
The first driver lowered his window but didn’t look Lansing in the face.
“How many brindles you destroy today?” Lansing said.
“We got them all.”
“How many?”
“Thirty-one.”
This matched the party’s tally. “Good,” Lansing said.
“Good,” the driver said. “Good is good.”
“We’re going toward the lake,” Lansing said. “You know where that is.”
“We’ll make it. You’ll drown.”
“The three of us, we’ll ride on top.”
“We don’t do passengers,” the driver said. “Not in our contract.”
“You’ll make an exception.” Lansing went around to the side, opened the incinerator hatch and used it as a stepstool. Nadia came second, Wren last.
The roof was concave but it had little traction. Lansing sat down, put the Bedoui across his ankles. Nadia lay on her back, feet hanging off the side. Wren sat on the far end and opened his rucksack.
The van’s belly skimmed the mud.
A covey of dayravens soared past them, wings clapping.
Nadia said, “One of them shits on me again, this time I’ll shoot it.”
Wren chewed on a leaf, slurped the juice off his wrists.
“I’m hungry and thirsty,” Nadia said. “Gimme one of those.”
The van veered north to avoid some treetops, bringing the northern fence and its splinter of dry land into view. Lansing watched the slow-rippling mud, the random pockets of steam, the little grove of twist trees by the fence.
“That’s the first cloud I’ve seen,” Nadia said.
“It’s the second one today,” Lansing said.
“Maybe we’ll get some rain tonight,” she said.
“It rains tonight, we’ll have less than four days to finish,” Lansing said.
“Wren, more leaves,” Nadia said.
Wren felt around the inside of his rucksack for the smallest leaf. He was about to pass it over when it was shot out of his hand. “Bledsoe, you fuck!” he yelled. “This is no way to hunt. I saw where it came from. Right by the fence, those twist trees. He’s shaking the leaves. Jerk’s waving at me.”
Wren gave his rucksack to Nadia. “Your turn to watch it.” He removed his upper armor and his shirt, and his lower armor and pants. In his socks and underwear, he held up his sheathed Winchester. “Scabbard’s watertight.” He slung it across his bare chest. “I’m ready.”
“He’ll be gone by the time you swim over there,” Lansing said.
“I’m a good swimmer.”
“The mud’s deeper than you think.”
“Are you gonna kill him?” Nadia said.
“The least I’ll do is rip his other arm off.” Wren opened the incinerator hatch with a heel, stepped down onto it, and lowered himself into the mud. He swam two strokes when Nadia said, “Wren, come back.”
She banged on the roof but the van didn’t stop. Wren was five, then ten feet behind them. He turned with great effort and said, “What?”
Eight pairs of eyes broke through the mud. The closest brindle was a hundred yards from Wren. They were all moving toward him.
Nadia arched her body over the side and extended her Savage to Wren, but he was too far to grab it. “They’re not that close,” she lied. “Swim faster.”
“There’s brindles behind me?” he said. “Stop the fucking van.”
Lansing shot the closest brindle. The other seven went under. Slight wakes betrayed their advance.
“Fucking drivers.” Nadia slid onto the hood. She pointed her gun at the windshield. “Stop.”
The van braked hard, trying to throw her. Nadia had anticipated this response and compensated easily. She spat on the windshield. “We stay stopped, hear me? Stay stopped or I put two bullets through the glass.” She scrambled back onto the roof.
Wren lost his scabbard to the mud while drawing his rifle. The brindles surfaced again. Lansing got five. Wren was treading mud and sinking, but he managed two kills. The carcasses capsized and disappeared.
Wren swam to the van. He grabbed the hatch and hoisted himself, dripping slime, onto the roof. He was proud of the maneuver, considering his infirmity, but he expected and received no praise. “Fucking Bledsoe,” he said. “Lanz, thanks for covering me.”
Nadia said, “You’re gonna need all the towels on Wildernesse. Since when are brindles amphibious?”
“Why wouldn’t they be?” Lansing said. “They mate at the bottom of a lake.”
“That’s eight won’t have to be burned,” Nadia said.
“Two are mine,” Wren said.
Lansing shucked his rucksack, armor, and clothing. He got out his rip stick, then laid his hand towel atop the rucksack.
“The mud’s calm,” Nadia said. “I don’t see any unusual movement. I’ll cover you regardless.”
Wren said, “If you’re going down anyway, would you collect my two?”
“I don’t think so,” Lansing said and dived off the roof.
Nadia said, “Wren, you can’t possibly be worried about getting any dirtier.”
“I guess not.” Wren gave Nadia his gun and jumped into the mud feetfirst.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 15

Rose peeked at her communicator. There were no messages. She used a pin to press the guarded reboot button. The comm rebooted and showed her the exact same screen. She scrolled down the menu and executed a system check. It was the ninth system check of the day. Layers of thumbprints dirtied the glass screen. The plastic frame was caked with salt from her sweaty palms.
The comm creaked when Rose squeezed it too hard. It had been creaking for hours. She’d tried forgetting about the device by hiding it in her pocket, but it always returned to her hand, creaking.
She turned away from Bledsoe when peeking at it. He hadn’t asked to see it and they both knew why: he’d already molested her plans. She refused to volunteer evidence of his second victory — her nervousness — so she checked it in secret.
They won’t break the rules and interfere with Bledsoe’s audition, she thought. Yes they will. Maybe they never got the message. Yes, they got the message. I should leave to warn Lansing. Cass is too good a tracker, and Bledsoe too good a marksman. I’d last half an hour if I flee, not enough time to find Lansing. Maybe they didn’t get the message. Maybe they didn’t, she thought.
During the afternoon, while watching Bledsoe take potshots at the guild members, Rose had the inspiration for a protean rifle bedding immune to heat stress, climate, and gravity. She was too dispirited by impotent anger to take her pad out and sketch the idea. She’d been sparring with the bedding grail for years, had finally solved the paradox in a moment of mental distraction, and now it was lost.
Rose didn’t care. She peeked at the comm again.
Bledsoe shouted, “Cass, slack.” Cass hurtled the tall burbushes and ran toward him. A brindle calf crashed through the bushes into Bledsoe’s line of fire. With the leash’s slack he was able to move freely and choose from a number of different shots. He settled on a cardiac kill and put a bullet down the calf’s neck. Cass stole its tooth.
They were near the southern fence. Bledsoe had been amused by Wren’s swimming fiasco but decided the mud and the lake would be too crowded with hunters, would offer fewer chances to impress Rose.
A sick mare doddered through the fresh gap in the bushes. Bledsoe lifted his rifle. Cass tugged on her leash.
“Cass, slack,” he said.
Cass shook her head, pointed at herself, then at the mare. Bledsoe frowned. Cass tugged on the leash again.
She loved killing with her hands and teeth. Bledsoe’s frequent refusals only bolstered this love. The first time he saw her, she’d been in the middle of a kill. Bledsoe had been hired to slay a pair of Malphas hawks that had escaped from a fright zoo on Zodiac. The male had been no problem, a matter of simple conjecture by studying a pattern of rooftop maulings. Bledsoe could’ve caught up to the male sooner, but he’d used the maulings as a fulcrum to renegotiate his fee.
Fright zoos were infamous for animal cruelty and exploitation. The guild condemned the zoos with an embargo against all aid. Precisely why Bledsoe took on the contract.
The female Malphas was more difficult because she’d left the city for the surrounding rain forest. Bledsoe located her two weeks later. She’d razed a wooden shack and rebuilt it as a giant nest. Cass’ family, dead and defiled, were part of the nest’s framework. Bledsoe didn’t know how Cass had survived the initial attack, but when he found the nest, Cass was inside, wrestling with the giant bird. Both were sodden with offal from the nest’s wet walls.
Bledsoe enjoyed the fight and didn’t get involved until Cass was about to rip open the Malphas’ chest. He put four bullets through the Malphas’ skull. Two would’ve sufficed, but Cass had wounded the bird so severely that Bledsoe didn’t want the zoo to doubt his participation and withhold payment.
The Malphas was very light in death. Bledsoe carried it through the forest toward the city, stopping at shacks along the way to see if the other feral families wanted Cass. They did, but Cass clutched at Bledsoe whenever he turned to leave. She wouldn’t let go. Bledsoe dropped the bird over her shoulders and Cass carried it down the rest of the way.
Bledsoe and Cass had been together every day since. There were nights, lonely and horny, when he thought about having sex with her. He knew she’d consent but it reeked of bestiality, so he never tried.
In return for her devotion, Bledsoe allowed Cass a kill every few contracts. “Cass, careful,” Bledsoe said and unhooked the leash. She sprinted toward the sick mare, jumped, and landed on its neck. She stabbed the neck with her fingers, rolled beneath the beast and flipped it over. The brindle hit the ground on its back, limbs thrashing like snakes. Cass used her feet to pin the brindle’s head as she clawed open its belly. The brindle rocked onto its hoofs. Its legs were knotted with dangling intestines. It charged Cass, tripped itself, and slid by her. Cass chopped its spine with the side of her hand.
The brindle stood up by the hedge, entrails ripping as its legs straightened out. Its hindquarters bunched as it prepared to jump Cass, then relaxed as Bledsoe put a bullet through its occipital knob. Cass combed her bloody hands through the brindle’s mane.
“Cass, stay. I’m coming,” Bledsoe said. “Didn’t wanna rob you, but this contract’s too important for daft injuries. Fun? Fun, Cass?”
She bared her teeth and slapped the ground. Her fingers were on the URC when the brindle reared up on its hind legs. Cass fell back, knocking Bledsoe deep into the burbushes. As he fell, he killed the brindle with three headshots.
Cass reached into the hedge. Bledsoe threw his rifle at her. “Cass, no. I can well get outta here on my fucking own.” He flailed like a hooked fish, a tactic that would’ve been more effective with the ballast of a second arm. He escaped from the hedge a few minutes later, his face crimson. His bandolier had gotten snagged on one of the hedge’s burs, and as Bledsoe stood, the bandolier was ripped in half.
The brindle disappointed Rose. When she saw it get up in defiance of Bledsoe’s first bullet, Rose had been rooting for some kind of irreversible injury. At the very least, a mild mutilation. In the moments between the brindle’s resurrection and second death, Rose crossed her fingers, something she hadn’t done since kindergarten.
She wondered if he’d lost the arm under similar circumstances. Watching him these past three days, Rose noticed that Bledsoe never confirmed apparent killshots. He assumed, and up until a few minutes ago his assumptions had been correct.
It’s how he lost the arm, she decided. Too much bravura. This is a man who doesn’t learn from his mistakes ’cause he doesn’t believe he’s capable of making them.
She put the comm in her pocket as he came toward her with the torn bandolier. “I know you’re not talking to me, but do me this favor,” he said. “Fix the strap. I haven’t the time and I haven’t the tools. Please.”
“Do it yourself.”
“Time, Rose. I haven’t the time. I did say ‘please.’ ”
Bledsoe pushed the bandolier into her hands. Rose pushed it away. “Do it yourself,” she said. “Or ask Cass.”
“There’s some partially eaten swaybacks east of here. That’s where Cass went. We’re gonna sit over those kills and wait for brindles to show.”
“You can’t do it,” Rose said. “Not with one arm. Not with one hand. No way with one hand.”
“I’m not handicapped in any way with this arm.”
“Prove it to me. Am I not giving you enough credit? Put your mind to it. Your fingers are limber.”
He offered the bandolier again. “When they get here, I’ll tell them you wanted to call. That I beat you to it, tryna look good. The eager applicant.”
“Try all you want. You’ll never look good to them. Not after I lay down my review.”
He offered the bandolier a third time. “I can barely hunt without it, and I’m wasting time talking to you.”
“Say it. Say there’s no way you could do it, cripple. Tell me. Tell me you can’t do it and I’ll fix it for you. But admit it first.”
“Basically lie. You want me to lie.”
“No, I wanna hear the truth.”
Bledsoe considered throwing the bandolier at her face and going without. She’s mad enough, he thought, and I need the damn thing. “I can’t fix it,” he said.
“With your one hand.”
“With my one hand. With my one useless arm because I’m a useless stupid cripple and if it wasn’t for you I wouldn’t be able to blow my own nose or wipe my own ass, that’s how fucking useless I am.” He was smiling so hard he thought his face might shatter.
“Wasn’t that easy?” Rose took the bandolier, sat by the hedge and opened up her toolbox. She threaded a drill bit with loose stitching from the inside of her backpack.
Rose could hear Bledsoe shouting at Cass, but the thrum of his imperatives diminished as the hunting couple moved east. Rose looked around just to be sure, then popped the bandolier’s smallest pocket. Inside was a salve for chapped hands. Asshole lied, she thought and opened all the pockets: loose cartridges, nitro solvent, a book of waterproof matches, more cartridges, misplaced brindle teeth, dirty flannel squares, a tin of snuff, bottle of hair tonic, the leash, rubber bands for his topknot, a single latex glove, a latex poncho. And three full pockets of colored Wide Awakes.
She sewed the bandolier together in less than five minutes. The rest of her day was spent peeking at the comm and using all of Bledsoe’s salve on her hands and feet.
Bledsoe and Cass reappeared at dusk. “Cass, go ahead,” he said. “Cass, show.”
Cass held up two dayravens by their scrawny legs.
“A good idea, right?” Bledsoe said.
Rose threw the bandolier to Bledsoe. He put it over his shoulder and clipped it to his belt. Way too tight across the chest, he thought, she did that on purpose. “I’ll fix dinner, show you how grateful I am.”
“You don’t eat.”
“For you and Cass,” he said. “Cass, clean. Clean the feathers off those things.”
As he gathered stones and twigs he could feel Rose’s scowl swinging his way like a wrecking ball. He started a fire and roasted the dayravens on the stones. He smiled at Rose. She said, “You’re burning the meat.”
“Bird tastes better well-done. You want brindle instead? I could make you a nice steak. Some tender flank, a sirloin. How about swayback? Chef Bledsoe.”
“Just gimme the bird.”
Rose and Cass ate quietly.
Bledsoe brainstormed ways he could endear himself to Rose but didn’t come up with one he thought would succeed.
Rose left half the dayraven uneaten and lay down with her back to the hedge.
“Not a word, huh?” Bledsoe said. “I’m not even here.”
Cass finished her dayraven — beak, bones, and all. She looked up at Bledsoe, he nodded, and she stole Rose’s unfinished bird.
Rose made a conscious effort to stay still. She was burning to check the comm. It might as well have been in her room on the RifleHire flagship; Bledsoe was sitting too close, and Rose’s pride was too strong.
Bledsoe knew she wasn’t asleep. He thought, No one dismisses me. I got enough brindles today that I deserve more respect.
He went through Rose’s backpack for the cleaning tackle, broke down the gun and cleaned it, giving special attention to the rifle’s bore.
Done with this, he searched the black sky for stars. Cass dug a bed out of the grass and went to sleep. Bledsoe passed some time hitting her in the face with pebbles.
At an odd moment, without being prompted for comment, Bledsoe said, “I’m still here, Rose.” Later, “You’re not even tired.”
Rose finally moved. She got the jacket from her backpack and used it as a blanket.
Bledsoe waved the rifle in her direction. “Still muzzle heavy. Trigger still creeps. Whatever you did, sweetheart, it didn’t take.”
Rose shook off her jacket, stood up and said, “I have to go to the bathroom.”
“I knew you couldn’t hold it in all week. You can’t. The body doesn’t work that way.”
Rose walked north, tripping over burbushes in the darkness. She stopped sixty feet from Bledsoe’s fire, what she felt was a credible distance for the solitude of defecation. She contemplated grunting but didn’t want to oversell it.
“I win,” Bledsoe said to himself. He tossed three pills into his mouth, took his rifle, left Cass, and returned to the hunt.
Rose checked the comm. There was a message. Suddenly she did have to go to the bathroom, badly. She’d only survived the years since her father’s disappearance by deluding herself with romantic falsehoods — her father braving Dartmoor’s cruel geography, finding a skilled champion to assist the rescue, the joyous reunion. Confronted with the folly that spawned these dreams, knowing her father’s future depended on the message waiting in the comm, those years seemed sad and wasted.
Rose collapsed, scuffing her knees on hard root humps. She pressed the display button. The message had no words: 86,75 — 15:40 — +1.
Rose knew the first two numbers were coordinates. Eighty-six degrees latitude, seventy-five degrees longitude. The next set of numbers confused Rose until she remembered Wildernesse had roughly sixteen-hour days. 15:40. Twenty minutes to midnight. +1. Tomorrow. They were coming tomorrow.
She smashed the comm against the hard roots. Her anger was celebrated with plastic and glass confetti. She smashed the comm again. It broke in half and Rose pounded the halves together like cymbals. Confetti rained on her face, hair, and hands. She crawled over the grass and found a rock. She was a servant to fury for over ten minutes, bashing the comm’s fragments into dust.
Rose smoothed the dust over the grass and buried the rock. She went back to camp but had trouble falling asleep. She shook the glass and plastic from her hair and listened to the hypnotic rhythm of Cass’ soft snore. When Rose did fall asleep there was a smile on her face because Bledsoe would never know about 86,75 — 15:40 — +1.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 16

“I liked the other two drivers better,” Nadia said. “These two, I’m always looking over my shoulder. They’re not here to help.”
“Gave us the shower rod without a lotta fuss,” Wren said. “And I needed that shower after my mud bath. They could’ve held it back.”
“Nadia’s right,” Lansing said. “It’ll be hard to watch them and the hunt at the same time.”
After the muddy tooth dive, the van had taken the party to dry ground, up and over the eastern end of the mud pond. By nightfall, they still hadn’t reached the lake, ruining Lansing’s schedule. He decided to ditch Nadia and Wren early tomorrow. Committee hunts were too slow and talkative.
Wren had chosen a patch of grass bordered by a horseshoe grove of prismwoods. No one contested him. Nadia made a small fire. Lansing checked the trees for swaybacks. Then they’d unrolled their bedmats, cleaned their guns.
“This fire,” Wren said, “think Bledsoe’ll see it? Take some more shots?”
“Heard his rifle a little while ago,” Lansing said. “He’s south of us. He’ll be hunting all night again.”
Nadia said, “That’s an impressive stretch to be staying up. I stayed up three days once. Needed a whole week to recover.”
“Bledsoe’s fond of drugs,” Lansing said. He took his empty canteen and walked over to the van parked just outside the horseshoe’s opening. He spun the nozzle next to the incinerator and caught some water in his hands. He smelled it, sipped it, detected nothing hazardous, and filled the canteen. The purification tabs at the bottom of the canteen didn’t turn the water red.
Wren nodded at Lansing when he came back. “I was telling Nadia, they should put Bledsoe on Dartmoor. He’d make for good hunting. Because he’s got a lotta fight. Have Eisendrath trap him. That’s what Eisy is, right, a trapper? Wrap Bledsoe in a fiberglass catchall, take his guns away, drop him on Dartmoor. Let the retirees put him down.”
“Where the hell is Dartmoor?” Nadia released the side latches on her armor, took it off, laid the armor beside her bedmat.
From his rucksack Lansing took out a couple vanilla pods, a cube of dried milk, and dropped them in his canteen. The others had added dried milk to their canteens already. Lansing said, “The fly bites on your arms are healing.”
Nadia petted her forearms. “Healing but not healed. Thank God they gave me a break tonight. Bummer is, the bites are still itchy. Who changed the subject? Where’s Dartmoor?”
“You changed the subject,” Wren said.
“I did not. So where is this place?”
“Have to be a Grand Marksman to know,” Wren said.
“I thought ’cause Lanz likes me so much, he’d tell. I’ve asked around, I never get a solid location. All I get’s a hundred different descriptions.”
“Every one of them wrong,” Lansing said.
“Correct me,” she said.
“Correct you?” Lansing sipped from his canteen.
Wren said, “She’s not gonna shut up till you talk this thing out.”
“Three days, and you know me by heart.”
Lansing said, “What do you think Dartmoor’s like?”
“What do I think or what’ve I been told?”
“What do you think.”
“She’s a big planet, but not huge,” Nadia said. “Been secret for how long? Eighty years? That means she can’t be too big. Actually, she’s probably a moon, not a planet. That’d make her harder to find. No one’s interested in moons anymore. And far away. You’d need a Longliner to get there.”
“I didn’t ask where you thought it was,” Lansing said. “What’s it like, that’s what I asked.”
“Round,” Nadia said and laughed. “Hot. Couldn’t be cold. No hunting paradise is cold. Hot, round, mostly woods and grass like here. Woods, some nice oceans. A lot of guildees like to fish, but that’s just one more thing I’ll never understand. All that sitting around, standing around, getting seasick. Woods. Woods, mostly.”
“You’ve no imagination,” Lansing said. “That doesn’t sound at all like Dartmoor.”
“Forests,” Wren said, “not woods. Woods sounds so bland. Thousands of miles of trails crowded with game. Every kinda game. There’s trappers we’ll never meet that Raab sends out looking for choice prey. Two of each, from everywhere. It’s the Noah’s Ark of hunting.”
“He’s closer,” Lansing said to Nadia.
“Not only forests,” Wren said. “Deserts. Plenty of interesting creatures in the desert. Ten or twelve oceans. You’re wrong about fishing, Nadia. When it’s — ”
The fire hissed.
“Fuck,” Lansing said and got up. “Rain.”
“So what?” Nadia said. “Both our ponchos are in your rucksack.”
Lansing pulled Nadia to her feet. “Get your shit,” he said. He covered his head with his bedmat, picked up his rifles and rucksack, and jogged to the van. He opened the back doors and hopped inside.
There was a cursory mesh partition between the cab and the rear. “You can stay outside,” Brute One said. Rain hammered the van, pinging off the roof like falling musical notes.
Nadia and Wren closed the doors after they climbed in.
“All of a sudden,” Nadia said, brushing water off her arms and legs. “Those’re some coarse raindrops.”
Padded benches lined the left and right sides of the rear. Above the benches were shelves packed with landscaping and maintenance equipment. Nadia and Wren each claimed a bench. Lansing sat on the floor by the doors.
Brute Two said, “You probably didn’t hear the first time on account of the weather. Guild members are so tough, surely they can withstand a little downpour. This is our van.”
“We’re renting it for the night,” Wren said. “You’re welcome to try throwing us out.”
“Why’s the rain so coarse?” Nadia said.
Lansing rested the back of his head against the doors. “I’ll explain it once, so listen. And don’t ask me questions when I’m done. I’ve had it with the questions.” He took a long breath. “There’s glass in the raindrops. Tiny shards of glass in every drop. Sometimes they cut and sometimes they don’t. Astronomers think maybe Wildernesse had a fourth moon, the oldest, but it exploded. Wasn’t a big moon, and most of it got pulled into space, but she had a high silicone ratio that forged all this glass in the explosion. Some of that glass got trapped in our atmosphere.”
“Glass is more than just silica,” Nadia said.
“Silicone and I forget what else. Limestone, maybe.”
“So that’s why sometimes the sun looks all sparkly,” Nadia said.
“Let him finish,” Wren said.
“The shards, how big?” Nadia said.
“Let him finish. Christ,” Wren said.
“Not big. Most of them are microscopic,” Lansing said. “Twice a year there’s hard rain like this, with glass in it.”
Nadia said, “It only rains two times a year?”
“It only rains this hard twice a year,” Wren said. “That much I read before coming. The rest of the year, once in a while it drizzles.”
“The brindles, their hides are thick enough,” Nadia said. “What about the plants? The swaybacks and dayravens?”
“Evolution,” Wren said. “Build up resistance or die. How long do these storms last?”
“Three, four hours,” Lansing said.
Wren grinned. “You’ve never talked this much in your life, have you.”
“Not these past few days, no,” Lansing said.
“We might as well eat,” Wren said. “Nothing else to do.”
“Let’s make it a feast.” Nadia opened Lansing’s rucksack and pulled out some hard cheeses, wrapped wedges of Tarentaise and Challerhocker. To these she added her flatbread, tinned mackerel in brine, tinned sprats in soybean oil, canned chickpeas and canned baked beans.
Wren had more to choose from. Wrapped wedges of the hard cheeses Dunbarton Blue and Podda Classico and Pecorino Ginepro. Tinned herring fillets in tomato sauce, tinned anchovy fillets in olive oil. Three cans of Spam Classic. Roasted mixed nuts, pitted prunes, pickles. Rice cakes, pemmican balls, and dry sausage he sliced and served with his Fairbairn-Sykes.
Lansing supplied beef biltong, fruit and vegetable jerky, and round hardtack.
“Fine dining,” Nadia said. “Lansing, you’re not used to such fancy fare, are you.”
“No.”
For dessert they had Wren’s licorice and pretzels, Nadia’s peach halves in syrup and chocolate-chip cookies, and Lansing’s chocolate bars.
They each ate too much, though there was plenty left over for the rest of the week, which they wrapped up and put back into the rucksacks.
Quietly full, they sat back with eyes closed until Nadia was thrown into Wren as the van was rammed from the side. “Strong wind,” she said and pushed off Wren’s shoulders.
“A bulb. Could be two,” Lansing said. “Hard to tell. Rain’s too loud.”
Nadia held onto her bench when the van was struck a second time. “You’re right. That’s not the wind.”
Lansing rooted through the shelves and found a flare gun. “It’s only got one flare. Help me look, see if there’s another.”
“Flare or gun?” Nadia said.
“Either,” Wren said. “Get up and lend a hand.”
In less than a minute the shelves were empty and the floor was cluttered with junk.
“Just the one,” Lansing said.
“My T-shirt and armor’s outside,” Nadia said.
Lansing said, “You left — ”
“You rushed me.” She snapped her bra. “Do I look like I’m dressed?”
“Then stay in here.” Lansing checked the Bedoui to make sure the mag was full. Seeing this, Wren did the same.
“We should wear these for the rain.” Wren held up two pairs of heavy gardener’s gloves. He and Lansing put them on.
Lansing covered his head with the bedmat again. His rifle was in his left hand, the flare gun in his right.
Wren put his own bedmat over his head. “I feel ridiculous.”
Nadia said, “What about the ponchos instead?”
“Not thick enough.” Lansing opened the doors. He fired the flare into the sky and tossed the flare gun aside. The flare corkscrewed through the rain and exploded in coronas of yellow and green. The flare traveled half the distance its manufacturer alleged and burned half as brightly. It was fading already, but it cast enough light for Lansing and Wren to see what was waiting for them.
Sixteen brindles were illuminated by the flare. These sixteen were flanked by more in shadow. The nearest brindle slammed into the van’s left side. Lansing and Wren stepped out onto the ground and started firing. They each dropped four brindles in four seconds. The remaining beasts retreated into the wet darkness.
Wren followed Lansing around the van to the front. They reentered the horseshoe grove. Nadia’s armor lay at the bottom of the cul-de-sac. Lansing aimed his rifle at the van and gestured toward the armor with his elbow. Wren bundled all of Nadia’s forgotten gear in his arms. When he looked up, two brindle trains were invading the horseshoe from both sides of the van.
Wren dropped Nadia’s things and said, “I’ll go left.”
Lansing went right. The brindles began spreading out once they passed the van. Lansing started shooting. The brindles trampled their dead, rushed Lansing. He fired while dodging the grey beasts, ending his rodeo dance in front of the van.
The live brindles that had passed Lansing and Wren accumulated at the bottom of the horseshoe. Brutes One and Two smiled at this.
Wren appeared at the van’s left side, behind Lansing. His soaked bedmat hung over his head like a ratty peasant shawl. He shouted, “The rain. It’s getting worse.”
Lansing pointed to the brindles in the cul-de-sac. They were charging again.
Wren limited his take to the brindles on the left.
Through strategic kills Lansing created a low wall of carcasses near the bottom of the cul-de-sac, down the middle, forcing his half to detour to the right, single file.
Wren’s Winchester jammed. Two of his targets raced toward Lansing, who could neither see nor hear them. Wren spun toward the faster brindle and kicked it into the carcass wall. The slower brindle banged Wren into the van’s left running board.
Wren regained consciousness, lying on the ground, on his back. He rolled over onto his front. It was still raining hard. All the brindles were dead. Lansing was standing over him. “Can you get up?” Lansing said.
Wren felt like a bag of crushed ice. He stood slowly in a series of minor exertions to isolate and diagnose injury.
Lansing was holding Nadia’s things. Wren counted eighteen dead brindles. He wanted to stop and gather teeth before the rain stole their colors and made the kills anonymous. Lansing wasn’t stopping, and Wren was too winded to argue.
Nadia opened the doors and helped them inside. “You see my armor?”
Lansing gave it to her. “It got stepped on.”
“Fucking tits are squashed,” she said. “Can’t tell the back from the front.”
“Your T-shirt’s a loss,” Lansing said. “Couldn’t find it.”
Wren sat down and pulled the bedmat off his head.
“Give your rifle to Nadia,” Lansing said.
Wren held out the gun, but she didn’t take it.
“I don’t need another,” she said.
“Fix it for him,” Lansing said. “It jammed. Obviously he didn’t get all the mud out.”
“He can fix it himself.”
“You can fix it,” Lansing said. “Wren got sandwiched out there retrieving crap you forgot to bring in.”
“Bullshit,” Nadia said. “You didn’t hop outside to boost your numbers, kill some brindles? It was all about my armor? Bullshit. Which is now defective, thanks so much. Fine. Fuck it. Gimme the goddam thing.”
Lansing took his bedmat off and saw that it was in tatters.
“Your neck and scalp,” Wren said, wheezing.
“I hope you have enough paste saved,” Nadia said. “You’re all cut up.”


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 17

Nadia didn’t know whether it was fog or mist. She couldn’t see more than twenty feet in front of her. Not that she cared to. Not that she was looking for anything specific. Two brindles had already gone by her this morning. Both had been spared by Nadia’s laziness. She hadn’t even unsheathed one of her rifles from the V scabbard brace.
The fog — she finally decided it was fog — kept out the sun but a few stalwart rays penetrated the grey, creating an orange aura that always seemed to be about ten feet away. Blue twigs of electricity flashed around her. Some connected with her armor, igniting her body with a pleasant tingling.
Static lightning must be jumping the glass, she thought. If there’s even any glass in the fog. Does glass conduct electricity? My throat feels fine.
Her flattened armor mashed her small breasts. She expected to find new stretch marks tonight. She was dripping with fog sweat. She had to perk her hair continuously because the black spikes were too wet to stand up long.
Dismembered branches and uprooted bushes made absentminded wandering difficult. Their odor was a concurrent nuisance. Divorced from their sustenance, the debris was decomposing quickly. The fog preserved these stench clouds, so whenever Nadia tripped, she also fell through a bubble of rot.
Tribes of confused barrel midges attacked her armor. Nadia swatted them with both hands, staining her palms with black specks. During moments of truce she released the sleeve latches to dig at the old bites on her forearms. It brought her painful relief, briefly, but not scratching was worse.
Never been on a planet this vexing, she thought. Never been so uncomfortable my whole life. Hope we lose. I hope this planet goes under. Fucking deserves it.
Wren was east of her. She could tell by the sound of his rifle, which was almost constant. She assumed the van was behind her. Lansing had spent the night on the floor though he’d been too angry to sleep. Nadia managed less than an hour. She had no idea if Wren had slept or not. Wren’s eyes had been closed, but he kept moving around on his bench, his breathing changing tempo from one minute to the next.
The brindles had come back after midnight to use the van as a backboard.
Brutes One and Two had slept the night through.
Nadia thought about Lansing’s behavior this morning, and an evil smirk compressed her lips. He meant to join Nadia and Wren’s eastward stalk but it was obvious his scalp and neck were still healing. Nadia thought, His fault for having such a flimsy bedmat.
After fixing Wren’s gun, she’d used the last of the paste on Lansing’s cuts. What little remained was slow to work. All three of them had gotten out at sunrise, and that’s when Wren had said, “Lansing, maybe you should stay inside the van. Till tomorrow. Your scabs, they’re still soft.”
Lansing stood motionless for five minutes. Nadia and Wren didn’t try calming or cajoling him. Instead they mimicked his inaction, afraid he’d become enraged if they prodded him, by gesture or word, with the obvious truth. Five minutes of silent standoff, and Lansing climbed back into the van.
Been an exciting morning, Nadia thought. He oughta lose a day for making me fix Wren’s gun.
Another brindle went by her. I should’ve taken the grotteschi contract, she thought. A mistake, this whole trip. Killing these animals, most of them diseased or stupid. Unworthy of my talent. Lansing is so incredibly sad. His whole philosophy’s sad. Treating his prey like they’re smarter than him. Most of them are. All of them are. Even the swaybacks, and they eat their own dead. Showing prey respect? Assuming they have the advantage? The whole guild is sad. Pathetic. Pathetic more than sad. Devoting themselves to chasing and killing less intelligent animals. Where’s the challenge in that? Where’s the thrill? There is no thrill. Hunting Bledsoe, that was a thrill. That was a goddam roller coaster.
Nadia unslung her rifle, chambered a rampage round and fired into the sky. She didn’t care where it landed or what it hit. She hoped it wouldn’t send any brindles her way.
The explosion blew gusts of fog rot into her nose. Her armor gained a pound of water. She hoped Wren heard the explosion, that he’d think she was trying, that he’d stop being so inquisitive.
Wren, you fortunate prick, she thought. You got to kill someone on a hunt. A legal kill.
After she’d run out of the slaughterhouse and seen Fahy’s body, Nadia had a hundred questions for Wren. The most important was, What was it like, deep down, what was it really like?
I stay with the guild, I’ll never find out, she thought. Fucking Wren. Should’ve been me outside with the sick butcher. Me. I should’ve been the one to kill him. Wren doesn’t even belong in the guild. Wasn’t for his celebrity, they never would’ve been interested. The fact they let him stay shows what a stunted institution it is. Favoring mild talents, denying me the opportunity to indulge my skills. I could’ve changed things for them, helped the guild evolve, brought it new respect. Because who really respects a club that hunts dumb beasts? They should’ve let The High Hunt play out.
Although she hadn’t bagged Bledsoe, it remained Nadia’s most satisfying hunt. Intelligent quarry that demanded cunning and artifice. After The High Hunt she’d thought about turning sniper, sitting in an office building and choosing a random civilian target just to see how it would feel. Taking a human life. But doing it that way seemed cheap to her. For the kill to have any flavor it had to be on a hunt, with a target that knew it was in danger.
Nadia’s bedroom fear constricted her sexual experience, but she was certain that murdering Bledsoe would’ve filled her with a lasting bliss in excess of all her previous orgasms. Nadia tried to hide her disappointment when the guild denied her this pleasure, but someone noticed. Someone gossiped, because two months after Bledsoe’s death sentence was revoked, Nadia was approached by RifleHire while she was in Johannesburg on a rare layover between contracts.
A dark-skinned woman was waiting for Nadia when she left the bar’s restroom. “Have a drink with me, Nadia,” the woman said. Her dreadlocks were tied together in a puffy ponytail. The men flanking her walked away, made room for themselves near the entrance by rearranging other patrons, looked back toward the dark-skinned woman and gave her a hand signal.
“You won’t be seen,” the woman told Nadia. “My men know what your cohorts look like. But not the other way around, I assure you. My name’s Kinzey.”
She took Nadia’s hands like a gentleman. “Here, in this booth. It’s about Bledsoe.”
Nadia sat across from Kinzey, who took the bench facing the entrance. Kinzey’s nails were sharp and short, and clean. Nadia said, “When’s the last time you were in the field?”
“This morning I got back from Pellagra. Killed three shockwolves.”
A waiter passed by. Kinzey ordered a round of beers and told him to make sure their glasses were never empty. “Pellagra, shockwolves,” Kinzey said, spreading her hands, her arms, her lips in a smile. “I’ve been on hunts, Nadia. You’ve been convincing yourself the same’s true for you, but it’s not. You know it. What you’re doing Nadia, it’s not hunting.”
“What is it?”
“Following Raab’s orders.”
“And Bledsoe?”
“Bledsoe aside,” Kinzey said. “Let’s remember, that trophy’s been pulled. You’re stifled working within their rules. How can a talent like yours mature handcuffed to traditions and bylaws? We have no rules, Nadia. We’re aficionados of the healthy hunt. And we hunt everything.”
“I’m happy with the guild.”
“You think you’re happy. I’ll show you happiness. I wanna help.”
Kinzey drank her beer, giving Nadia time to think.
Nadia took only a few sips of her beer.
Then Kinzey said, “You need us. What you don’t need is quotas, directed hunts, inhibited partners, bags and bags of URCs. No animal is off-limits to RifleHire, including man. Because it happens that some men and women need hunting, Nadia. They’re some of the most satisfying hunts to be had.”
“Seems you’re knowledgeable on a wide range of topics.”
“We know a lot about you. Parents killed by terrorists, you and your brother survived. Aidan, right? Love the anagram. Or is it palindrome. The two of you effectively stopped growing after the car bomb. What’s that condition called? It has such a long name, I can’t remember it right now. How old were you?”
One of Kinzey’s men signaled to her from the door. Kinzey stopped talking, she was prepared to bolt, but seconds later she received a curt nod telling her it was a false alarm.
“We also have a genuine love for technology, Nadia, and for doctors. You’d be allowed surgery to correct your night blindness.”
Kinzey spoke for the duration of eleven more beers, seducing and sympathizing and pacifying.
Her final statement is what gave Nadia so many sleepless nights. “You wanna end up another Cloonan?”
Nadia had seen an album of Cloonan’s pictures. Pictures taken fifty years earlier, of Cloonan in her prime when she’d joined the guild as a gorgeous, stocky teenager. The alpha female. The tough bitch who never refused to get drunk with the boys and never backed down from a fight or shied from a contract. The Cloonan who showed the album to Nadia was no longer gorgeous. No longer strong, or brave, or admirable.
Decrepit Cloonan haunted Nadia as her possible future. Hunting ages the hunter, and it’s rarely the dignified maturity that blesses classical musicians or wealthy actors. Nadia had been a professional hunter since eighteen, a guild member since twenty-one. She was in peak condition, but was also terrified of growing old, as if it were something one could catch unexpectedly. Wake up one morning, incurably infected, something slow and grey. Something Cloonan.
The guild made Nadia feel safe. Safe was dull. Safe was for old Cloonans. Kinzey had the dangerous solution. Kinzey represented a community of hunters living that solution. She left Nadia in the booth at the bar without farewell, and for months Nadia wallowed in possibility.
When Kinzey approached her again, Nadia had a list of concerns but Kinzey could see that Nadia had already sold the idea to herself.
Kinzey said, “I wish we could take you in tonight. Right now, though, in the now, we haven’t the funds or the room.”
Nadia said, “That speech a few months ago — ”
“Was pure truth, Nadia. But Lansing’s been whittling at our contracts for years. We’re expanding, just not all the time in the direction we’d like. We’ve been vilified for taking some seedy contracts, but I promise you, Nadia, it won’t always be this way. We are selective when it comes to jobs, believe it or not. We’d rather be more selective, and we will be. Right now it’s more important for us to be aggressive than proud. We want you, Nadia. And I know that want’s — ”
“When?”
“There’s a few prospectives ahead of you. Once we find the room, we’ll take you in.”
“When?”
“Much sooner if you’d block Lansing’s interference. Secretly, nothing too obvious. Give us a year, Nadia. Two at the absolute most.”
It had been four years. Nadia had given up on Kinzey’s promise until Wren mentioned that Bledsoe was here. Kinzey had spoken of mandatory auditions. Since learning Bledsoe was on Wildernesse, since seeing him here, Nadia had thought about sneaking off to badger Bledsoe’s chaperone, ask why RifleHire was auditioning the one-armed disgrace over her. She thought about sneaking off, but not seriously. While she had no great regard for Lansing’s intellect, he was an excellent tracker and would somehow smell Cass or Bledsoe on her.
Wren fired a barrage of bullets to Nadia’s right. She thought, Go home, Wren. You’re too old to switch from footballs to guns. No matter how many cartridges you waste, you won’t unseat Lansing. Squandered your crummy reputation the moment you challenged him.
Nadia was exhausted and her feet were sore. Walking on the soft ground required stiff ankles, and the effort was wearing her out. Her body was sore from the Savage. She wanted to flag the van, lie down in the back for the rest of the day. She formed the skeleton of a plausible excuse when she remembered that Lansing was still inside, and he was hard enough to be around when he wasn’t angry. She had the impression that Lansing was forever correcting and restraining himself, that beneath his irritable exterior was a violent, selfish barbarian.
A white flash lit up the fog. That wasn’t static lightning, Nadia thought. She walked toward the heart of the fading white, thirty yards north. She glimpsed a shadow running east. By reversing the shadow’s trajectory Nadia found the source of the flash, a spent illume grenade sitting atop a brindle carcass. The strangest brindle carcass she’d seen so far. Both eyes were gouged out, the tail was crammed in its mouth, the letter W was carved into its left gambrel.
Nadia saw the W and inwardly accused Wren of the brindle’s mutilation. Lunatic with the stress of his challenge backfiring, he’d slashed the dead beast. But Wren was too far away. And the killshot through the abdomen was colorless. Nadia blamed Bledsoe next, but the URC was there.
This is an orderly and unnatural kill, Nadia thought. They’re telling me they’re here. The eyes — don’t let Lansing or Wren see this message. Tail in the mouth, the W — switch ends, turn around and head west.
Nadia fired a cartridge through the killshot, splattering the brindle’s abdomen with white glitter. Then she laid the tail near the rump. Pulled the URC, which someone had thoughtfully loosened for her.
She backtracked to the van and tapped on the window. Brute Two got out, and Nadia pointed toward the carcass. She continued east to the lake.
She couldn’t feel the ground. She wasn’t tired or sore any longer. Run, she thought. Run back. Find them. Chase the fleeing shadow. They’ve called. Don’t dally, just go. And Lansing and Wren’ll come looking, both idiots assuming something went wrong. Lansing, he doesn’t care if I live or die, but a bloody corpse would disrupt his hunt. Think of something, some reason to get away. Some smart reason they’ll believe.
Nadia didn’t know how far she was from the lake, but she did know that her excuse had to be ready by the time Lansing and Wren settled there for the night.
*     *     *
Fog sweat clung to the scratches in Wren’s armor. To the scratches on his rifle, too. Last night’s glass rain had chiseled lines in most of his gear except, thankfully, his tooth pouch. Wren slowed down and unhooked it from his belt. He’d been longing for an updated count since yesterday. After Lansing had reluctantly gotten back into the van this morning, Wren pulled the teeth from their evening kills. The dye had faded, so Wren split the number in half and opened the van’s rear doors just long enough to give Lansing his share.
Wren indulged himself in a brief victory jig. Poor Lansing, he thought, locked in the van and not too happy about it. Gives me a whole day on him. A whole day to catch up and maybe put me over. Couldn’t have asked for better cards.
The fog was becoming leaner. Wren could separate moving shapes from the homogenous grey. Mostly scavenging swaybacks. Nadia was a hundred paces behind him, the van two hundred. The perfect time, he thought and used his index finger to move the teeth around the pouch. Fifty-nine. He hoped Lansing hadn’t reached triple digits yet. And with today’s advantage — but today was turning into a bust. Wren had only seen five brindles and they had gotten away.
Fucking Lansing, he thought. Lucky Lansing. Out in the rain his armor didn’t even get nicked. Just his head and neck, and those cuts’ll heal by nightfall. He’s losing a day, and he’ll win anyway. The man’s impervious. Had his arm replaced, goddammit, and he’s still the guild’s top hunter.
Wren was mystified by the guild’s mores. It was a segregated church where diseases were sinful, yet it was also a cult of injury. Wren often thought of guild headquarters as a shrine to misfortune. The shrine’s inventory revolved as injuries healed, but the new additions were much like the ones that had come before: mangles, stomps, bites, stings, lacerations. Wren associated these with lack of talent. The rest of the guild disagreed; they saw serious trauma as manifestations of bravery.
This cult and Wren viewed each other with mutual derision. He boasted that he’d never been seriously hurt on any of his contracts. Guild members attributed this safety to lack of daring. Whenever he returned from a hunt, his partners were asked, “Did he take any chances? Did he do anything that impressed you? No?”
He’d thought about making up his very own Close-Scrape Story or inflicting an injury upon himself, but the Pallbearer Clause precluded both avenues of ingratiation. A hunting partner was always around.
On a shaghorn hunt, Wren ignored his father’s training and pursued every reckless opportunity. He won that hunt, unhurt, with no close scrapes. On the trip home, he decided that he’d been foolish. Animals were too unpredictable to take liberties with.
The guild had never fully embraced him for many reasons, and to his reckoning, the most conspicuous and insurmountable was the cultish air. Yet Lansing was exempt from scorn. He’d lost an arm, violating the cult’s unspoken commandment strictly condoning temporary injury. And in losing the arm he’d acquired a strange disease that still had no name. The height of sin and the guild worshipped him.
Every morning, Wren woke up and comforted himself with a litany of reassurance: My peers are blind, you’re an excellent hunter, they’ll respect you eventually.
Wren emptied his mag into the fog. Lansing won’t be asleep, he thought. He’s been listening to my gun all day. Let him think that was the whole herd. I’m out here, killing hundreds of brindles.
He lobbed three rampage rounds to the west. Forty minutes later he came across two brindles so sick their grey coats were black with blood. Wren could’ve put them down with two simple shots, but he stalked them out of boredom. When this became tedious, he shot them.
He waited for the van, knocked on the hood to let the Brutes know he had kills to dispose of. The van was marred with dents the size of brindle skulls. Wren didn’t think the vehicle would last to day seven.
He was surprised Nadia hadn’t chosen to spend the day in the van with Lansing. Wren had seen her through the fog a couple times, her rifles sheathed, her walk languid. She’s lost the will, Wren thought.
It was rare, but every few decades a guild member in their prime retires without warning. To onlookers this change of heart seems rash, but usually it’s the abrupt end to the slow transmutation of passion into guilt.
Nadia’ll retire soon, Wren thought. Doesn’t even wanna help me dethrone Lansing. Who doesn’t like to see great sports stars defeated? She’s lost all taste for the hunting life. Poor kid, all that talent.
Wren felt light-headed and tried to take a deep breath but couldn’t. The fog wasn’t responsible for his shallow lungs. Yesterday’s brindle/Wren/van sandwich had reawakened another undisclosed football ailment. An ailment that was the result of a one-sided rivalry.
Wren hadn’t been aware that he was “Battling the Game’s Most Personal Rivalry” until the happily pessimistic sportswriters told him so. Hadyn, an aging quarterback in the opposing conference, was losing fans to Wren. He despised Wren’s easy popularity. Hadyn disdained his own admirers, thought they owed him their love but deserved none in return.
During Wren’s stellar fourth year in the IFL, fans from both sexes abandoned their faded idol to support the charismatic quarterback from Wisconsin. Less articles were written about Hadyn’s contribution to football. More articles were written comparing him to young Wren, The Prolific Passer.
Wren or his private assistants responded to all his letters, he walked the malls frequently, happily signed proffered balls and photos, was never too busy eating in crowded restaurants that his dinner couldn’t be interrupted. He picked at but didn’t gorge on his legion of willing groupies. He made certain that gift-shop jerseys with his name and number were never too expensive.
Hadyn analyzed every article that mentioned Wren. He bribed insiders for daily statuses on Wren’s well-being. In what would be their last playing season — for Hadyn long overdue, for Wren years premature — Hadyn learned that Wren’s throwing hand was wilting from overuse. Wren had just signed the most remunerative contract in IFL history, and a platoon of doctors were hired to salvage the team’s investment before it depreciated even more.
Hadyn couldn’t personally exploit Wren’s weakness because they were never on the field together. Hadyn used his considerable fortune and charm to cajole the IFL’s older linebackers and defensive linemen in a bounty scheme. Many of them were leaving soon and had never made the privileged paycheck of an ace quarterback.
Wren’s team had traded their best offensive linemen to compensate for his inflated salary. As a result, Wren had the worst protection in the league. He set a lasting record that season for most yards gained (8,382) offset by another for most sacks received (146).
Hadyn’s mercenaries knocked Wren all over the field. His helmet often went flying. But it wasn’t Wren’s head that Hadyn had put a bounty on. Wren was buried under scores of pileups. As the belligerent mountains were dismantled each Sunday, defense squads “accidentally” ground Wren’s right hand under their cleats, crunched his wrist with their knees, rolled over on his forearm.
Hadyn’s clandestine army informed him of an unexpected bonus. The cumulative weight of their attacks was putting such a strain on Wren’s rib cage, he could no longer take a deep breath or run long distances. Hadyn added Wren’s torso to the hit list, then raided his savings and tripled his army.
Wren played every game his last season, knowing word had spread, knowing he was a target, knowing his offensive line was useless. He broke six other records that season, four of which had been Hadyn’s.
Wren chambered another rampage round. He took a few short breaths. He could feel his rib cage squeaking and was afraid the sound was being transmitted across the fog.
He’d never had his rib cage reinforced because upon retirement from the IFL he’d planned on joining the guild. Lansing’s arm replacement was different. No one would accuse Lansing of surreptitiously augmenting himself. He’d already proven his immense talent, as well as his disregard for the rules. Wren, in his relentless crusade for acceptance without scandal, decided early on to live with his lingering injuries.
He fired off the rampage round. A gust of air came his way, but no brindles. They’ve adapted, Wren thought. Not scared anymore. They know it’s us. They’re not frightened. Last night. Isn’t a better example than last night. We’ll never kill them all, not by week’s end.
Wren got out his liquid medicine and his syringe, gave his hand an injection. Some prismwood leaves had survived the storm. Wren picked them off the ground and chewed as he walked. He was in the middle of his fifth leaf when he saw a brindle calf dining on a swayback.
The calf fled as Wren approached, but Wren managed a clean shot through its rump. He tracked the calf’s whines to the spot where it had fallen. A second animal was on top of it. Wren took aim, stepped closer. Cass was blurred by the fog but Wren recognized her profile. She was sitting on the brindle calf’s shoulders, her hands deep in its mouth.
Wren yelled, “Hey, leave the tooth.”
Cass flinched. Wren flinched and accidentally shot her. She was thrown off the brindle and landed on her side. Green dye fringed the wound inches above her heart. Cass covered the wound with both hands like a lover expressing silent sorrow. She crawled away from Wren, got up on her hands and knees to run.
Wren kicked her in the stomach. He flipped her over onto her back.
“Blood, blood. Blessow, blood,” Cass moaned, shaking her head. “Blood, blood, Blessow.”
Wren slapped her and spat in her face. “Fucking thief you are,” he said and went through her pockets.
Cass choked and cried. Blood webbed the gaps between her fingers. “Blood, Blessow.”
Wren let her go. Cass scampered into the fog. She licked the blood off her hands, clamped them over the wound again. The ground where she’d fallen was dry. Bullet didn’t come out the other side, Wren thought. He debated going after Cass to finish her off but decided she was Bledsoe’s pet and Bledsoe’s responsibility.
Wren opened his left hand. Cass’ pockets had contained eight URCs. He added them to his pouch, pictured Bledsoe digging the bullet out of Cass’ chest, and thought, Now we’re even and more.
Wren could hear waves licking a shoreline. The elevated lake, he thought. If Lansing’ll allow us a swim, I’ll count this day a tremendous success.
*     *     *
Lansing was sitting on the floor of the van, shoulders squared against the rear doors, arms propped on the lateral benches. He could see the Brutes’ faces through the mesh partition. The Brutes were staring at him with confident menace. They’d been staring all day.
Lansing was waiting for them to pounce. The Brutes were too large to fit through the partition together. Lansing expected the one by the steering wheel first, he was slightly smaller and faster than his partner. Lansing knew he’d only have a few seconds to cripple him.
There were no impromptu weapons Lansing could reach in time. Last night, he and Nadia and Wren had emptied the shelves onto the floor looking for flares. Afterward, they had shelved the displaced junk so there’d be room on the floor for Lansing to sleep. He couldn’t shoot his rifles in such an enclosed space and there wasn’t room enough to swing them like baseball bats.
He’d have to use his feet, use them as fists. Anchor his hips to the floor for leverage. Kick the Brutes unconscious. If both Brutes got through the partition, a whole jar of fresh Lachryma paste wouldn’t be enough. He wasn’t scared of the fight but he didn’t think he’d win without injury. Above all, Lansing wanted to leave the van unscathed.
He realized he’d behaved foolishly this morning. Wren had been acting with prudent paranoia. Lansing’s unhealed cuts were a potential hazard. The cuts were more severe than Lansing had expected, yet he didn’t want to lose a day of hunting beholden to a jar of slow paste.
This planet was his past, and Lansing had no patience for memories. He was intolerant when it came to memories of his parents. He’d escaped Wildernesse in his teens. Back on Wildernesse, stuck in the van, Lansing felt as if his escape had failed.
His first attempt had been through legitimate channels. At ten years of age, every Wildernesse child was given the Vocation Exam. The majority of these children qualified for future employment in the most common field, Brindle Support. Sentenced to a lifetime of brindle husbandry, analysis, care, herding, tracking, slaughtering, packaging. No advancement, constant supervision, low pay.
Tutored by his kind foster parents, Lansing studied for a year but his score was too low for an off-planet job.
At fourteen, he stowed away on a Meat Mover bound for Earth. He concealed himself among the boxes of brindle meat in the refrigerated cargo bay. He went unnoticed for weeks and during that time ate over a million dollars of raw brindlemeat to survive. The stevedores who found Lansing recognized him from the televised interviews. They admired his determination but they couldn’t afford to reimburse the lost revenue for the missing meat, so they returned to Wildernesse with Lansing.
Lansing knew his next attempt would be his last. He broke into his parents’ old home. It looked exactly the same as the day he’d been taken from it. No one wanted to live there. The government kept the house standing as another reminder. Lansing stole one of his uncle’s special rifles from his father’s safe and trespassed onto Preserve 3. He’d decided against Preserves 1 and 2 because they were so enormous it was possible he wouldn’t be found for weeks.
He hid inside a hollow, dead bole until midnight, and came out shooting. Killed seven brindles in the first hour. By then he was temporarily deaf and his arms were flabby tentacles. He was expecting to be apprehended within the first hour, but no one came. He killed dozens of brindles till sunup, making as much noise as he could, disturbing all the prominent landmarks in the hopes of setting off a silent alarm.
He was arrested by the lawn-mowing crew. Soaked in brindle blood, his inexperienced hands covered with rifle burns. The Wildernesse administration had no desire to explain how this teenager — who, it was assumed, they watched and controlled — could have bypassed preserve security and destroyed precious livestock. The incident was suppressed, using the same intimidating machinery that had suppressed the news that Lansing’s dead parents had washed down from the mountains three years earlier.
With the administration’s unanimous approval, Lansing was smuggled off-planet. Finally.
Now, forced to return, staring down the Brutes, Lansing couldn’t help but imagine how petty his life would’ve been had he stayed. This contract was an unwanted child keeping him from his independence. A day trapped in the van prolonged the abortion.
Someone tapped on the windshield.
“This time it’s the bitch,” Brute One said. “Shit, it’s my turn, isn’t it?” He got out. Brute Two slid over into the driver’s seat. He rested his left elbow on the dash, turned around, resumed staring.
The van dipped as Brute One shoved a brindle into the incinerator. The guts of the incinerator must’ve been under the left bench because Lansing could feel it vibrating through his arm. Then the bench became a plush furnace. Lansing endured the heat rather than lift his arm because he knew any suspicious movement would spark Brute Two’s attack. The incinerator cackled, chuckled, and eventually lost its sense of humor and quieted down.
Brute One opened the passenger-side door, got in and said, “Smog from the cremator is making my eyes tear. Poisonous ash, these fucking brindles.”
“It’ll all be over soon,” Brute Two said. “Realsoonnow.” He faced front, put the van in gear, and drove forward. He wasn’t watching for trees or bushes or brindles. His eyes were in the rearview mirror, on Lansing.
I should sleep, Lansing thought. Body heals faster asleep.
He couldn’t feel his fingertips or his feet, or his scalp or his ears. A malevolent side effect of his nameless disease. His fingertips, feet, scalp, and ears periodically lost all sensation and became hard as stone. His drugs usually deflected this petrifaction, but some days the drugs were useless. They hadn’t stemmed the slow decay in Lansing’s reaction time. He still had the guild’s quickest reflexes, but since drinking from the Triple Ram’s bloody horns he could feel himself getting slower every day.
The change was imperceptible to his colleagues, who often insinuated to Chaykin that Lansing’s quickness was maintained illegally or was perhaps a serendipitous result of the Triple Ram encounter. Chaykin always reported this slander to Lansing while chauffeuring him to various contracts. And Lansing always thought, They’ve no idea that I’m turning to stone from the scalp and fingertips inward.
Lansing strayed into sleep like a weary soldier on a forced march, never falling out of step, but the parts of him that needed to rest were put to bed. Even in sleep Lansing was acutely aware of the Brutes.
The stoniness reached his ankles, the first time ever.
There was another tap on the windshield. “The QB,” Brute Two said.
Lansing had heard Wren’s Winchester and Marlin sixty-seven times since morning. The van had only stopped for him twice. Lansing knew what Wren was doing and was surprised that the big man was capable of such a ruse.
Lansing had also heard the reports from five rampage rounds. One from Nadia, four from Wren. The small fraction of Lansing’s mind that was awake pondered this discrepancy. It thought, The incinerator hasn’t been too active, the rampage rounds are becoming ineffective. Gonna have to try another tack. Three days till the contract’s over. Not a lotta time to kill the hundreds of brindles between here and the palisades. Almost no time remaining. And it’s nearly night. A day fucking pissed away.
His drowsy musings shambled toward last evening’s brindle assault. Contract couldn’t be at a worse time, he thought. Pre-rut. Brindles know exactly what the rain means. Time for mating. Sexual energy, and they’ve gotta get rid of it somehow. That energy’s gonna grow exponentially, making the preserve more dangerous. Too early to mate, they’ll spend their frustration on us. They were vicious before. Three days? Three days. Defensive hunting from here till the end.
Lansing slept hard for two hours. He woke up seconds before the van came to a stop. He touched the cuts on his head and neck. The scabs flaked off. The wounds had healed.
Wren opened the double doors. “Get a chance to do some soul-searching in there?”
Lansing stepped out of the van. The fog was nearly gone, wispy grey scribbles were all that was left. “I’ll get some wood for the fire,” he said.
“Aren’t you sore? Your back?” Wren said. “Being cramped in there all day?”
“Where’s Nadia?”
“Not here yet.”
The van had stopped fifty feet from the elevated lake. Lansing walked toward the lake. The water was so clear that Lansing could count the rocks in the basin. The preserve’s northern fence was broken by the lake, but a mixed grove of prismwoods and Halloween trees on the shoreline substituted as a natural barrier. Lansing guessed it would take him half an hour to sprint the lake’s perimeter.
Wren came up to Lansing and said, “The first and second preserves, they’re on the other side?”
Lansing nodded.
“Any chance I could take a bath? The lake?”
“No.”
There wasn’t enough loose kindling left by the rain, so Lansing used his bayonet to chop branches off a Halloween tree. He left the wood near the van, sheathed his rifle, and looked toward Signal Hill. It was standing partly in its own shadow, courtesy of the trickster sun. The hill’s slanted trees were splotched with rashes of blue moss.
“Up the hill or around the side?” Wren said. “Both ways’ll get us to the next altitude. That’s where the brindles are, right?”
“The hill,” Lansing said. “Take us too long going right or left. Yeah, we’d reach the next tier right or left, but the incline’s too slow and we can’t spare the time.”
“We’ll spend the better part of the morning getting to the top. I’d look forward to a good night’s sleep, but I know I’m not getting it. Not without my bedmat.”
“They were too bloody to keep.”
“Mine wasn’t. We could’ve saved mine from the incinerator. Heads up, Nadia’s back.”
She was standing between the lake and the van. She motioned for Lansing to come over.
“I can’t stay here with you. I have to go,” she said.
“Hunt all night if you want,” Lansing said. “Watch yourself, though. Swaybacks are out.”
“I have to go, go back.” She waited for Lansing to ask why, and when he didn’t she said, “My period.”
For an awful moment she thought Lansing was going to demand proof.
He said, “Why would you take this contract if you knew you’d — ”
“Why wouldn’t I? Anyway, I’m not regular like most girls, I never know when. And I had no idea about the blood revulsion, so you can’t blame me for — ”
“You can’t stay.”
“What I’m saying.”
“The van’ll drive you back. Stay near the front gate. Don’t talk to Eccles.”
“I don’t need the van. I wanna walk.”
“Just standing here you’re scaring off brindles.”
“They’re up past the hill, Lansing. You know that. They’re ahead of you. If anything, walking back, I’ll send any we missed your way. I can hold my own against swaybacks, but the guys in the van, they’re humongous. They’d overpower Wren. I’ve seen them looking at me.”
“I’ve seen them looking, too.”
Nadia thought, Bless you, Lansing, you’re making this so easy. “Maybe they like small women. I’d much rather walk. I feel terrible about this. There’s my stuff still in Wren’s rucksack, your rucksack.”
“Forget your stuff, there’s no time.”
“You’re right. One less hunter’s gonna make it harder on you and Wren, but what can I do?”
“See you in a few days,” Lansing said and started back toward Wren.
“And how about me?” Nadia said. “It’s been a pleasure? You really helped? I don’t think we can finish without you?”
“The third one,” Lansing said and walked away.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 18

86,75 — 15:40 — +1. An hour away.
Rose was sitting by the fire, chin on her knees, hands in her pockets. “Want something to eat?” she said. “Some hot water to drink?”
Bledsoe didn’t answer. He unzipped Cass’ jumpsuit to the waist and straddled her. “No, Cass, don’t fidget.” A froth of dark blood was hardening between her lips.
Bledsoe unrolled a canvas log of first-aid supplies. “The big fella missed her heart by a margin,” he said. “Green dye. That’s the ogre’s. It’s superficial, she must’ve rolled away. The jumpsuit, too, it’s not for show, it’s good material, it’s strong. This isn’t so bad. Couple days she’ll be 50, 60 percent.”
Rose couldn’t see what he was doing. It was dark and Bledsoe was too far from the fire. She heard a latex glove being snapped over his hand.
Cass lurched up. Bledsoe slammed her back down. “Cass!” He was about to pull a vial from the log when Cass lurched up off the bedmat again. Instead of the vial, Bledsoe took a sugar-coated cherry from one of his bandolier’s pockets. He held the cherry over Cass’ face, then raised his arm. Cass bent forward. Bledsoe made a fist around the cherry and punched her in the face.
Cass went soft. She wet herself. Bledsoe inched up past her belly button. Cass moaned. Bledsoe punched her again. Some minutes later Rose heard the bullet land in the fire, then she smelled burning latex.
“Aren’t you hungry?”
“I can’t stop to eat right now, Rose.”
Rose pushed her pants and panties down to her ankles, parted her knees. “When you’re done with Cass, someone else needs attention.”
Bledsoe growled and turned to yell at Rose. His yell vanished when he saw how she’d composed her legs. He said, “And I thought you’d gone prude.”
Rose balled up her panties and pants and used them as a pillow. She straightened the creases in her bedmat, patted it, licked her lips.
Bledsoe drowned Cass’ chest wound in Betadine cream. He threw the empty tube into the burbushes. The wound was too minor to need stitches. He used disinfectant wipes to clean Cass’ bloody hands, her bloody lips. They made a brief, blue flash when he tossed them into the fire.
He used more wipes from the log to clean Cass’ blood off his hands and tossed those wipes into the fire with the others.
Rose could hear paper ripping, Bledsoe slapping something to Cass’ chest.
Rose said, hoarsely, “Bledsoe.”
“A minute,” he said.
He secured Cass’ gauze with four stripes of medical duct tape, then unbuckled his pants as he moved toward Rose. He didn’t caress her, or touch her or kiss her or check if she was wet enough. He climbed her like a pole and stabbed her with his penis.
Rose put her fingers in Bledsoe’s mouth. He sucked them. She could never understand why men liked sucking on fingers, it seemed so blatantly homoerotic to her. When her fingers were sufficiently moist she pulled them out, dipped them in her pocket, fed them to Bledsoe again.
He was a molten jackhammer, his bare skin singeing Rose. She dipped her wet fingers into her pocket over and over, twirling them through the pills she’d stolen and crushed last night. Bledsoe was too focused on the texture of her vagina to notice the powder on her hands.
His legs spasmed. His upper body was so close to hers that she could feel the heavy beating of his heart in her spine. Its beats grew faster, heavier.
Rose crawled backward and Bledsoe slid out of her. He said, “I was almost — ”
She pushed him down, got on top, pinioned his arm to the ground with her knee. She kissed his ears, waiting a few minutes for his penis to lose its rigidity. He tried kissing her but she avoided his lips with what Bledsoe assumed was coy playfulness. When he turned limp, Rose guided him inside of her. She moved with a slowness Bledsoe thought sadistic. She slipped her powdery fingers into his mouth again, gliding them in and out in time with her pelvis.
Rose circumvented her disgust by recasting him as Lansing. She finally admitted to herself that she’d done this with every man she’d slept with. She’d never given the face a name, but he was always Lansing.
She wasn’t in Preserve 3 with Bledsoe, she was with Lansing in her father’s mansion, the two of them sixteen forever:
Rose: For you.
Lansing: I wish I’d had the courage to do this my first night here. I waited too long. (He touches her right breast. His fingers are ablaze. He puts his other hand on her hip. This hip is still plump with adolescent fat. He pulls her closer.) Why’d you let me wait so long?
Rose (Kissing him to stop his shy confession): It’s sweeter having waited. (She undresses him. Lansing fumbles with her clitoris, and Rose shows him how she likes to be touched.)
Lansing: I love you. I do love you.
Rose: Don’t ever stop telling me. (She puts her fingers in his mouth, and he sucks on them.)
Lansing: It is sweeter. Am I hurting you?
Rose: Could you ever? (She lowers herself onto him. With four hands, the lovers fit their genitals together. Rose’s expression is confused but content. Sexual exhilaration and surrender, new to her, kaleidoscopes her senses. She squeezes his shoulders to steady herself.)
“Rose,” Bledsoe shouted. “You’re grinding my shoulder.”
Rose dunked her wet fingers into her pocket. There was no more powder left.
On top of Bledsoe, she arched her pelvis downward, put her hands on the grass and used his lap as a pounding board. He tried to stall himself and enjoy her sudden vitality, but he came in thirty seconds. Rose got off him and got dressed.
Bledsoe pulled his pants up. “After that I need a whole pack of cigarettes. My heart’s doing the Indy 500.” He walked over to Cass. She’d rolled off the bedmat but hadn’t woken up. “She’ll be out till morning. I’m going after the ogre whooo — ” he said and fell over.
His bedmat was spotted with Cass’ blood. Rose threw the mat on the fire and thought, Lansing’ll thank me for that. She donned her backpack, took the rifle she’d loaned to Bledsoe, and fled north. She prayed that Lansing and Bledsoe had killed most of the brindles because, while she was armed, Rose knew she had terrible aim, even with the assistance of the zero gauge.
Her sprint deteriorated after half an hour. She slowed down to get the compass from her backpack. The trees hadn’t turned her around, the compass said she was still headed north. The lake, the lake, she thought and picked up speed. It’s the preserve’s most important landmark. If he’s not there tonight, he’ll have been there recently. I can follow his trail.
She rehearsed their reconciliation. This is exactly how it would play, she was sure:
Lansing: My God, Rose! You’re exhausted.
Rose: I left Bledsoe a few miles south. Him and Cass. Drugged him.
Lansing: With what? (He grabs her arms. He is gentle, but also firm. Rose looks up at him.) Rose, with what?
Rose: Pills he takes to stay up all night and all day. He’ll be stuck in a shell for a couple hours.
Lansing: Oh, Rose. (He takes her head in his hands.) Rose, you frightened me. We were too young. That’s why I didn’t — 
Rose: Don’t apologize. (She puts her cheek to his. Their skin is wet with tears, and their faces slide past each other.) I made this for you. (Standing straight, she offers him the rifle.) It’s based on one of my father’s designs, but only a little. Most of it’s mine.
Lansing: Is it powerful? (Rose nods. Lansing takes the rifle.) I can feel it’s powerful. I’ve never seen a more beautiful gun. (He throws his own rifles away, scabbards and all.) Your father, you’ve surpassed him.
Rose: I call her The Quicksilver KickBack. When I engage the right levers — It’s so easy to engage its features, I have my tools — The redirected recoil sends cartridges out at over 4,000 feet per second. Mercury tube down the length of the whole damn gun acts as the engine.
Lansing: Tell me how it works.
Rose: I’ve fine-tuned it down to the nanosecond. You don’t need to understand it to use it. And no noise, that’s because of the ports under the barrel.
Lansing: I was wondering what those funny vents were.
Rose (Smiling, standing even straighter): All these improvements have to be activated. Bledsoe had no idea how special this gun is. I’ll switch them on once we reach Dar — She is beautiful, right?
Lansing: She’s beautiful, Rose.
Rose: The hardest, quietest, steadiest gun you’ve ever held. This gun’s for Dartmoor. It was made for Dartmoor.
Lansing: But it’s a semiautomatic. No real hunter — 
Rose: I’m gonna exchange the bolt carrier group for a bolt action. It was always meant to be a sporting version. The exchange is simple. I could — 
Lansing: He’ll be so proud of you when he sees it. I remember how he hated recoil. (Lansing laughs.) Hated recoil.
Rose: There’s no muzzle jump, either.”
Lansing: I’m so impressed, Rose. This gun is, it’s so — 
Rose: It’s for him, and it’s gonna save him, too. A stealthy gun. A Dartmoor gun. Go south to where I left Bledsoe and kill him with it. That can be your gift to me. Don’t wake him up. You can do it while he’s unconscious.
Lansing (Nodding): Bledsoe deserves no better. (He nods again.)
Rose: Then we use the gun for a better purpose.
Lansing: We get your father off Dartmoor. We’ll leave tonight. Soon as I kill Bledsoe, we’ll leave. Wait for me here.
She didn’t remember dropping her backpack but she was running faster without it. The trees kindly moved out of her way and sang a comforting tune. The grass was a trampoline beneath her soles, adding a helpful spring to her stride. The brightest moon Rose had ever seen lit the preserve like a noonday sun, shining an especially harsh light on ankle traps and wayward branches.
When Rose woke, it was still dark. She jumped to her feet and, forty minutes later, found the lake. She crouched in a grove 150 yards away. Two men were sitting in a van, eating out of plastic containers. The ogre Bledsoe hated was squatting in the grass, scrubbing his boots.
Lansing was talking to the woman with the spiked hair. They were talking about Dartmoor, of course. They were on Dartmoor. Rose couldn’t recall spiking her hair. Then it came to her, that Lansing had cut her hair months ago to outfox an Orion Guild strike team on their tail. Altered appearances, one of many deceptions required for her father’s dramatic rescue:
Lansing: Stay next to me, Rose. Dartmoor’s a dangerous zoo.
Rose: How long till we find my father?
Lansing: Two weeks. A month. This is the continent he’s most likely to be on. This is where most people land, but he could’ve moved on from here. He’s smart. It could take time.
Rose: What about our ship? What if someone — 
Lansing: It’ll blend with the rocks in a few minutes. Hear that ticking? It’s making permutations. She’ll blend in. No one’ll see it.
Rose: And after this?
Lansing: Let’s find your father first.
Rose: No, Lansing. Lansing. After all this?
Lansing: We’ve got to move, Rose.
Rose: Lansing!
Lansing: You’ve nothing to worry about. Nothing. I love you, and I’ll never leave you, ever.
Rose: I can’t help but worry.
“There’s the runaway.”
Rose: What?
“The runaway.”
Rose: Lansing, what are you talking about? Do you see my dad?
“Lansing?” Bledsoe said. He punched Rose in the throat. “You’re done talking.”
Rose hit the ground with her knees. She coughed up saliva and bile. She used the back of her hand as a napkin, then got to her feet. There was some juice left in her mouth. She spat it at Bledsoe.
He slapped her. Rose tried to scream but her throat was too raw.
Bledsoe watched her gag. His legs were trembling. He stamped his feet in failed efforts to keep his legs under control. He also failed to keep his breathing under control. Deep inhales had no effect on his fugitive panting.
He stole the rifle off her shoulder. “I’ve grown fond of this gun.” Panting. “Only reason I chased you down was the gun.” Panting, panting. “The gun and the comm.” He pointed the rifle at her face. “My heart’s a mile a minute. How many pills did I lick off your filthy fingers?”
Rose shook her head. Bledsoe shook the gun.
“How many pills? I need to have an idea how long before I come down off this. My diaphragm. It’s agony. Use your fingers, tell me how many.”
She raised both hands and extended her middle fingers.
Bledsoe threw the gun down and punched her so hard she went up on her toes before landing on her back. He was on top of her instantly. He put his hand on her throat and all his weight on his hand. “Gimme the comm. Do that, I’ll send you off to Lansing without any more damage. I wanna check the messages. I know your friends’ll be coming, I’d like to know the when and the where.”
Rose shook her head from side to side like a frantic rudder.
“You weren’t gonna recommend me, were you?”
Rose shook her head again, side to side, a frantic rudder.
Bledsoe emptied her pockets while Rose beat his chest. He said, “Saw your backpack on my way here. The comm’s in there?”
Rose threw a wild punch and caught Bledsoe in the knot where his arm had been. It was a hard little protrusion, much harder than Rose expected.
Bledsoe hammered her face with the bottom of his fist, flattening her nose like clay. He looked from her nose to his hand. They were connected with strands of bloody mucus.
“Blood’s bad for the brindles,” he said and slashed open her clothes with the rifle’s bayonet. He stabbed her through the ribs. He wiped the bayonet on her chin, then pierced the whites of her eyes. He cracked her teeth with the rifle’s butt.
He violated her mouth with the bayonet and sliced her tongue down the middle. “Won’t ever speak again,” he said and lifted her upright. “I don’t have to tell you how much blood you’ve lost. You’re wearing most of it. So am I.” He knuckled some from his eyes. “I’m sure there’s something in your backpack I can use to clean myself with. Or I’ve my first-aid canvas. Now my fucking teeth are chattering.”
Rose leaned on him like a sick scarecrow.
“You mentioned Dartmoor in your soliloquy,” he said. “That why you hoaxed me? Came running to Lansing, gonna give him this gun, he’s gonna save your daddy?”
Bledsoe aimed her in the direction of Lansing’s camp. He shoved her forward. “Bleed all over him. Bleed all over the giant, their van. Keep the brindles off them, dear. See how far you make it to Dartmoor.”


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 19

Nadia’s eyes hadn’t adjusted to the dark. Wildernesse nights were too black. She’d hunted on a hundred unique planets, but all of them were similar in one crucial respect: their evenings were mild. Lambent moons, flickering cityscapes, bold constellations. Always some feature to dilute the dark.
Her breasts were sore from her armor pressing against them. She unlatched the front and back plates, to give her chest some room.
She was heading west, arms outstretched in a crude sonar. So far, she hadn’t walked into any trees. She squinted, as if that would cure her night blindness. Nadia thought, Won’t be a problem after RifleHire takes me in. Shit, Kinzey’ll hold my hand during the operation. Wish RifleHire had given me more notice. When Lansing tells Raab I’ve turned, they’ll torch my stuff, everything in my apartment. Probably they won’t even spare the furniture.
There were some items left behind that Nadia didn’t want to live without: videos of family Christmases, contact information for her outlaw brother, a handwritten journal from her early years in the guild, her first toy gun.
There were some possessions she’d miss but wouldn’t risk her life to retrieve: a pillowcase silk-screened with a photo of her parents, a scrapbook of articles about her in various sporting periodicals, small souvenirs from every planet she’d set foot on, custom clothing, a manuscript autographed by Jim Corbett.
And there were objects she’d be glad to be rid of but didn’t have the will to throw away: her father’s favorite hat, the only love letter she’d ever received, her yellowed wisdom teeth glued to a candy necklace.
Gone, all of it, she thought. Unless I misread that dead brindle. Maybe it was Bledsoe who killed it. His scary girlfriend could’ve mutilated it. Maybe Cass mutilates all Bledsoe’s kills. Could be Bledsoe doesn’t care about pulling teeth, that’s why he didn’t grab the URC. This might be a long walk to the front gate.
Far to her left, swaybacks were barking in what sounded like, to Nadia’s astonishment, harmony. Singing to me, Nadia thought, sure. Okay. Half an hour alone and already I’m crazy. When they get closer I’ll go dog shooting. If I’m able to see them. Fucking darkness.
Her mind wandered back to guild headquarters in Johannesburg. To Nadia, what was worse than losing the family videos and her journal were all the valuables she’d planned on stealing. Many hunters lived off-campus and used their complimentary guild apartments for storage. Nadia’s stomach fell as she thought about all the enhanced rifles, homing ammo, lists of venal government insiders, texts on hunting secrets, assorted illegal gadgets. Cherished chicanery guild members used to augment their skills and inflate their standing. Items Nadia had planned to smuggle out after getting word from RifleHire.
Lansing’s room was the only one she planned to skip. Only Raab’s was larger, and Lansing was rumored to have nothing inside save a bare mattress on the floor.
Two dozen swaybacks coasted past Nadia, slowed down, and enclosed her in a circle. They carouselled counterclockwise, never taking their eyes from her. Nadia picked out the largest male and raised her rifle.
“Don’t shoot the hounds, please,” someone said. He dialed his belt light to full strength. “Nadia?”
“I’m Nadia,” she said, covering her eyes and lowering her gun.
The man reduced his belt light to medium. The swaybacks pranced toward him with the obedient precision of circus ponies. “Herk,” he said and shook her hand.
Nadia said, “Way people talk about Herk, I always thought he was a myth.”
“Let’s not disappoint them,” he said, laughing. “People need their myths.” The parenthetic creases from nose to chin told Nadia that this man enjoyed any kind of joke. His hair was spiked like hers, but much shorter, and grey. The goggles that consumed the top half of his face made Herk seem like a human/insect hybrid.
His weatherproof armor was bright orange, with tiny locks down the left side. It was made from horizontal bands of scalloped alloy. The overlapping bands were laced together with covert thongs of ceramic fiber that provided great motility with extreme coverage. It all resembled an intricate carapace, furthering the insect motif.
Nadia said, “You’ve been controlling the swaybacks this whole hunt?”
“Just this pack, tonight,” Herk said.
“Because they’ve been a pain.”
“I can tell they’re a mischievous breed. We’ll meet my partners faster if we start walking now.”
“Where are we meeting them?”
“Ha! You are inquisitive. Where’s your rucksack?”
“It was burned my first day here. Incinerated.”
“I shouldn’t even be talking to you, you haven’t been initiated yet. Walk with me.”
The swaybacks followed behind them. Herk lowered the wattage on his light again. Even on its lowest setting, it shoved hot pins through Nadia’s eyes. He lifted an iridescent whereabout off his belt. “Bullfrog’s waiting for us. Probably sitting on his ass, fast asleep. Sanger’s still looking for you, about 300 yards west.”
“Where’s Bullfrog waiting?”
Herk put the whereabout back on his belt. “Not far. You’ll have to guess. But if you’re as smart as Kinzey thinks you are, it should be easy.”
“Is Kinzey here, too?”
“We were told to improvise. Usually we’re coy and slow. Kinzey’s not here.”
“I haven’t heard a goddam syllable from you folks since the bar four years ago.”
“You don’t even have to audition,” Herk said. “Tells you a lot about the unusual nature of the situation. It happens, though, but she’s rare.”
“Who’s rare?”
“The situation. I’ve made her a she.” He gestured toward Nadia’s rifle. “That a Savage 99?”
“Refurbished. I’d be more comfortable speaking with Kinzey.”
“A .358, 250 grain?”
“No, it’s a .30/30. The .358 is too much gun for me.”
Herk held his rifle out to her, a Dragunov Model 1242 Nevsky, semiautomatic. “Let me see yours? Trade, just for a sec.”
They exchanged guns.
Herk put the sight to his goggles. His left hand caressed the Savage’s barrel, up and down, like a seductive tongue on a lover’s leg. “I’m more into Russian longarms, like that Dragunov.” He fingered the trigger, said, “I had me once an Avtomat Fyodorova, mint condition. Very rare. Beautiful, too, but I sold it when I needed some fast cash. You keep a tight trigger. That tells me a lot. No adornments on the lever. Tells me a lot, too. This Savage is in excellent shape, I like the custom bipod. But it shouldn’t be on a hunt, it should be on display.”
“No guild firearms are allowed from after 1953.”
“Right.”
“The tight trigger and the lever, they tell you a lot about a previous owner, not me. I bought it used just before leaving for Wildernesse. I haven’t needed the bipod yet.”
“What happened to the rotary magazine? It made the Model 99 so special.”
“All our guns are retrofitted with 30-round mags. Mandatory. It’s a safety thing.”
“I haven’t been on a contract against any of The Orion Guild before now.”
“But you been around so long.”
Herk smiled. “You’re not making me feel young, Nadia.”
Nadia switched Herk’s Dragunov Nevsky from hand to hand, feigning interest.
“You don’t have to pretend,” he said, and smiled again when they traded back. “I don’t have to ask what’s in your other scabbard. Marlin Model 336, the guild’s mainstay.”
Nadia sheathed her Savage.
Herk said, “Jesus, 1953? Where does the guild get ancient longarms like the Savage to refurbish?”
“Where does RifleHire?”
“We prefer modern guns.”
“Are there that many?”
“Not as many as we’d like there to be, no. There’s no demand.”
Nadia said, “We have a squadron of curators, buyers none of us sees. They go to museums, estate sales, visit collectors, private clubs. Attend auctions. Their finds are added to our Armory Showroom, for sale.”
“At a profit.”
“The guild always does things for a profit, that’s the guild.”
“Except when it comes to undermining us,” Herk said. “We have itinerant experts, but no squadron.”
The swaybacks sprinted past them in a strict line. They jumped as one, landed in smooth somersaults, began leapfrogging each other.
“I’m showing off,” Herk said.
“How?” Nadia said. “Is it the goggles?”
“Let’s keep the myth alive, right? Best way to put it, I’m one in a billion. One in billions, maybe.”
“Any kinda animal?”
“Any kind of canid. Canids only. Within three or four miles.”
“Honestly, what I’m more interested in is how’d you know I was here?”
“Bledsoe rang us up, filled us in. Sanger recognized your name. She’s one of Kinzey’s generals.”
“Bledsoe’s been accepted? This’ll be a double ceremony?”
“Sanger’s the one to ask about that.”
Herk forced the swaybacks to perform more tricks, but when he sensed they were getting tuckered, he let them simply follow.
The hunters came to a broad hill that seemed familiar to Nadia. She flogged her memory, squinted, but her unreliable night vision failed to discern any subtle secondary traits that would distinguish this hill from all the others. She couldn’t see the slaughterhouse even after Herk pointed it out.
“The man sitting out front?” Herk said. “Watch me scare him.”
The sleepy swaybacks became alert and raced across the grass to the slaughterhouse. They yipped and barked at the shape hunched by the door, then ran off howling and jumping.
The shape got up and started shooting. Dead swaybacks hit the ground like cinder blocks.
“Bullfrog,” Herk yelled. He and Nadia ran toward the slaughterhouse. “Lay the fuck off. It was a joke.”
Bullfrog stopped shooting. Half the pack was dead. “You mutt,” Bullfrog said to Herk. “You know I hate being woken up.”
“It was a joke,” Herk said.
“Ask them if it was funny. It hurts your head when I do that? When they get one through the brain?”
“There’s more around,” Herk said.
“All I have is time and cartridges,” Bullfrog said. “This her? Kinzey said she was small. Turn up your crotch light, Herk, I can barely see her.”
“Had no trouble picking off my swaybacks.”
“That was instinct, this is pleasure.”
Herk dialed his light all the way up.
Bullfrog’s hair, threaded through hundreds of foam beads, grew down to his waist. His armor was in the same style as Herk’s, with the same overlapping bands, except Bullfrog’s was black instead of orange, and much larger. Ramrod straight, he was seven feet tall, but a lifetime dealing with shorter people made him a sloucher. His head, hands, and feet were disproportionately large but his neck, limbs, and torso were too narrow. This conflicting construction made him seem both powerful and frail.
He leaned his semiautomatic against the wall, near two full plastic bags.
“Bullfrog?” Nadia said and smirked.
“No, you call me Gant.”
“No, call him Frog,” Herk said. “Tell you why later.”
A woman appeared at the edge of Herk’s light. Her rifle was silver and thick. So thick that it looked to Nadia like it required three hands to operate.
She had a wide face, glamorous in its simplicity. Her individual features were perfectly proportioned yet ordinary, but together they added up to a model of utilitarian beauty. The kind of face that would’ve been cheapened by the most expensive makeup.
Her flat hair looked like pressed vinyl. It was parted on the side, pulled back over the ears, tucked into her armor. Again, in the same style as Herk’s but black, not orange. She put her rifle through a loop on her belt and another loop tied to the outside of her knee. Nadia could see the outline of a white backpack.
“Sangerrr,” Herk said, rolling the Rs.
“This her?” Sanger said.
Nadia said, “This her has a name. Nadia.”
“Nadia, welcome,” Sanger said, though there was no welcome in her voice. She opened her belt light, angled it directly at Nadia.
Nadia expected an appraisal, but she had the uncomfortable impression that Sanger was evaluating more than her gear and attitude. Sanger’s eyes lingered on Nadia’s lips.
“She looks clean and young,” Sanger said. “Too young. Too clean. Kinzey’s wrong.”
“Kinzey’s never wrong,” Herk said.
“Never admits it. Two very different things,” Sanger said.
“We waiting for Rose?” Frog said.
Sanger looked at her watch. “She’s three hours late. If she was coming, she’d have been here.”
Frog said, “She’s probably coming, that’s what’s taking so long.”
“With Bledsoe?” Sanger said.
“With anything.” Herk punched Frog in the arm. “With him.”
“A few times,” Frog said.
“We’re not waiting, we’re starting,” Sanger said. “Frog, the bags.” She walked ten paces from the slaughterhouse. The others did also. “You, Nadia, you stand in the middle so the three of us can look at you.”
Nadia moved to the center of their triangle.
“What’s the dearest thing on your person?” Sanger said.
“On my person?”
“Something you carry. Around your wrists, in your pockets. What are you holding you love most?”
The first item that came to Nadia’s mind was her braid of animal hair, but that wasn’t her dearest possession. Her dearest possession was the gold key on her necklace. “My braid,” she said.
“She hesitated,” Frog said.
“I saw,” Sanger said. “Lying now creates lots of problems down the road. It’s a long road with us, you don’t want any bumps, no potholes. You don’t know why we’re asking. Be truthful.”
Nadia stroked the braid, trying to evoke tenderness with her fingers and her face. “This,” she said.
Herk leaned in and yanked the braid free. “Sorry, kid.” He gave the braid to Sanger who pulled out a lighter and set fire to the dry strands. She dropped the burning hair, brought up her big silver rifle, and pointed it at Nadia. Frog and Herk also pointed their rifles at her.
Nadia said, “Am I gonna get shot first? How does this work?”
“Get undressed,” Sanger said.
Nadia removed her V scabbard brace. She thought about miming a striptease but knew Herk would be the only one to laugh. She took off her armor, the top and bottom sections, and tossed both between Frog and Sanger.
“Undressed,” Sanger said. “That means completely.”
Nadia unclipped her bra, used her palms to roll her scanties down her thighs, pulled off her boots and socks. She spun slowly, staring them each in the face. A few minutes later she looked away because they would not.
Nadia wasn’t sure whether to let her arms hang down or cross them over her breasts. She assumed they were expecting her to act embarrassed, but Nadia didn’t know how. Cover my nipples? she thought. My nethers? Hold my breath, hope for some blush in my face? Fuck them, this is me.
Herk said, “That black hair, and she’s a natural redhead?”
“That’s enough looking,” Frog said. “It’s plain she isn’t a shy one. Let’s get this done with.”
“Why do you want into RifleHire?” Sanger said.
Herk said, “All right, fine, Sanger. There’s no need to get into this second part.”
“Yes there is. This girl’s a traitor by definition. She was guild.”
“She’s not even auditioning,” Frog said. “No need to be so goddam formal.”
“To hunt anything,” Nadia said. “Everything, without anyone telling me I can’t.”
“That’s the answer,” Frog said and kicked one of the bags toward her.
“Put them on,” Sanger said.
Inside the bag were socks, panties, a bra, and a plain T-shirt.
“They’re mine,” Sanger said. “Spares. They’ve been washed.”
The socks were fine, but the panties were three or four sizes too large.
“Bunch ’em up in back,” Herk said. “You can make ’em fit. Tie them in a knot.”
The bra was also too big.
“That’s gonna do nothing for you,” Sanger said. “You don’t need one anyway. It’s old, I don’t want it back, why don’t you chuck it.”
“I’ll put them in the — ”
“Just toss them, Nadia,” Sanger said.
Nadia said, “Littering’s not the greatest idea. The brindles — ”
“The brindles?” Sanger said. “Shut your mouth and just listen.”
Frog opened the second bag.
“My armor,” Sanger said. “Also a spare. We’re about the same size — ”
“Except for tits and hips,” Herk said.
“And cheekbones,” Frog said.
“I’m not giving her a helmet,” Sanger said. “Enough with the schoolboy patter.” She looked at Nadia. “We’re pretty much the same size except for curves. My stuff is just gonna have to do for now. Later, well, later you can get your own.”
Frog passed the armor to Herk, who passed it to Sanger. She kissed the hard lapel and handed the suit to Nadia. “Rose made it. Once you’re in, she’ll make anything you need. Outfits, weapons, there’s no end. No one beats Rose.”
Nadia knew that Rose was the daughter of a famous gunsmith, and she accepted the armor with high hopes. It took her a few minutes to decipher the locks. No one offered to help. The alloy felt cool against her flesh, cool but not cold. The arms and chest were rough with scratches. Drafts tickled her when she moved. She thought, This is nowhere near Lansing’s.
She put her boots on, took the V scabbard brace from her old armor and adjusted the straps so it would fit her new suit.
Frog said, “In case we get some weather, there’s a hood in the lapel and gloves in one of the pockets.”
“Roomy out front and on the waist?” Herk asked her.
“We need running water,” Sanger said.
“Doubt they turned it off in there,” Herk said and cocked his thumb at the slaughterhouse.
Nadia went in last. The odor was much stronger than her previous visit.
Herk held his nose. “What’d they do here, kill animals?” He smiled, holding back his laugh to share it with someone else. No one laughed. He grabbed a package off the countertop. Meat, wrapped in cellophane. “I’ve had raw brindle before. This looks nothing like it. There’s twelve, thirteen trays here. They hawking some new dishes?” He peeled it open and helped himself to a taste.
Frog walked toward the far right corner. “Found the sink.”
It was a low sink with two forearm notches. Frog ordered Nadia to put her head under the tap. The bottom of the sink was decorated with dried gristle. Nadia closed her eyes.
Frog spun the tap. He pulled out a hunting cleaver with one hand and held Nadia’s head with the other. “If you don’t move, I promise not to cut you.”
Nadia wanted to nod her understanding but decided it was safer to not move.
Frog sliced off lumps of hair that plugged the drain. Nadia nearly drowned. She was too afraid to move so she swallowed what hair she could and did her best to clear the drain with her tongue.
“Some thick fucking hair she’s got,” Herk said.
“Thick hair’s overrated,” Sanger said. “Not that she did anything with it. C’mon, spikes?”
“You were dying to run your hands through them,” Herk said.
Frog worked the cleaver around the contour of Nadia’s skull, paring the last bits of stubble down to her scalp. “Not one nick,” he said and wiped the cleaver on his boot.
Nadia rinsed her mouth and stood up. She ran a palm around her bald skull. There was no mirror, but to Nadia’s fingers the sharp stubble felt unattractive.
“God, but you are a freckled freak, aren’t you?” Herk said. “Even on your scalp.”
“That it, we’re done?” Nadia said.
“Something you have to do for us first,” Sanger said. She stripped down to a T-shirt and matching boxers. The T-shirt had a slogan that read: On A Good Day I Piss Blood And Shit Razors. The boxers, front and back, read: Today Is A Good Day.
Sanger said, “I’m not the one you have to worry about. I’m only interested in your tongue.”
“I’m too small down there,” Nadia said.
“You won’t be when I’m done,” Frog said.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 20

All Rose could see were two red spots. The spots fought with each other, split, faded, swelled. Occasionally the spots assumed the shape of abstract trees and bushes.
She wanted to scream — wake someone up, call for help — but all she could produce was a low, broken aria. She couldn’t swallow the blood in her mouth, there was too much. It ran over her shattered teeth and torn lips. Her tongue sloshed in the blood.
Her body was voiding itself. Feces, urine, blood. The ground was doughy. Rose wondered if it was her fluids making it soft. She felt like a garish, fake amusement-park zombie — arms stiff, walk uncertain, clothes shredded, blood dripping off her chin and fingertips and knees.
It was nearly dawn. The red spots moved faster. Rose didn’t know what time Bledsoe had attacked her. Midnight?
She thought her wounds would’ve run dry within an hour of his attack, but there seemed to be a reservoir beneath each cut. Every movement, every breath tapped the reservoirs and sapped her strength.
The most onerous pain was in her bare feet. She didn’t remember when she’d lost her boots. She could feel dirt on her palms, taste it on her upper lip. Maybe she’d fallen. Rose planted her steps extra hard, relishing the pain. The pain reminded her that she was alive. She’d worry when her feet went numb.
She tried screaming again. She couldn’t form any words, just a histrionic grunting that only Lansing could understand:
Lansing: Rose! Rose! Oh God, Rose. Lie down. I’ve got you. Let go. Let go, lie down.
Rose: L-La-Lan. Bledds, Bled — 
Lansing: Bledsoe, I know. I know it was Bledsoe, Rose. I’m gonna use the rifle you gave me, this wonderful rifle. While the ogre’s stitching you up, I’m going hunting. I’ll feed Bledsoe to the brindles, starting with his feet. Oh, Rose. It looks worse than — You’ll be fine soon. Fine.
Rose: Faa-father needs us. Nuh-needs — 
Lansing: We will go to Dartmoor. If you’re too weak, if it takes a little while for you to get better, I’ll go alone. I’ll bring him back for you, Rose.
She bumped into a wall. It was cold and smooth but she didn’t trust her hands. She followed the wall to the corner, turned the corner, felt the van’s back doors. Her fingers were too weak to pull the handles. She lay on the ground as Lansing had suggested. She couldn’t feel her feet.
Lansing had fallen asleep with his armor’s current actuated. He woke outlined in dead midges.
The air had a coppery aftertaste.
Lansing took his Bedoui, stood holding it with both hands.
He noticed the bloody footprints immediately. They came from a grove 200 yards away and ended behind the van. He’d been sleeping alone, close to the lake. He walked down toward the footprints, gun raised, elbows locked, finger on the trigger. Wren was asleep by the incinerator. The procession of bloody footprints had missed him by inches.
Lansing came at the van in a safe, slow arc, and found Rose.
Another inconvenience, he thought. Cleaning this up is gonna slow us down.
Her blood was still wet though some had congealed on the door handles like hoarfrost. Her hair was stuck to her face with a horrid brown glue. Barrel midges had already made her body a condominium. Lansing guessed she’d been dead less than twenty minutes.
Wren shuffled up to Lansing. He yawned. “Who is this mess?”
“Secondhand Rose.”
“Rose? The armorer Rose, your cousin?”
Lansing went to the driver’s-side window and tapped on the glass with his rifle. He kept tapping until Brute One woke up and rolled the window down.
“The fuck you want so early?”
“Did you see anything?” Lansing said.
“Anything what? Besides the back of my eyelids? We’re sleeping here, boy.”
“Hear anything? See anyone come by?”
“All I see is a pompous — ”
Lansing’s hand plunged through the open window and pulled the Brute’s head out by the hair. “Smell anything? How about blood, smell any blood? A dead body maybe?”
Brute Two opened the passenger-side door. Wren slammed it shut. “Stay put,” Wren said.
“I paid a lotta money for this hair,” Brute One told Lansing.
“It feels like goat.” Lansing pulled harder. “Start paying attention. Woman dies outside your car, you sleep through the whole goddam thing. You have any cleaning solvent?”
“Under the left bench, the rear,” Brute One said. He put his hands on the sill, pretending he had some control of the situation but really just shifting his weight to save his hair.
“Some of her blood is on the side of the van,” Lansing said, “and the back doors. Bumper, too. You’ll clean it spotless. There’s a shower grate about eight feet behind me. Use that if it speeds things up.”
“Shit, Lansing, let go of me and I’ll help.”
“People like you, gotta make everything so goddam hard,” Lansing said.
He carried Rose to a patch of good digging soil. He came back to the van for the shovel, opening the rear doors with the chamois pad from his cleaning tackle so he wouldn’t get blood on his hands.
Wren was sitting on the running board. “I’m going after Bledsoe,” he said. “This time I’ll get him. Doesn’t matter Rose was in RifleHire. She’s a human being. She was your cousin.”
Lansing pointed at the footprints with the shovel. “They’re almost dry. See how they start from that grove? Bledsoe’s smart and — ”
“First time I heard anyone call him that.”
“He’s smart, and he’s gone. Sliced her up ninety minutes ago, maybe two hours. Don’t know why he killed her, but he sent her this way on purpose. He’s well ahead of us now.”
“I don’t hear any grief,” Wren said. “This is your cousin here.”
“Was my cousin. Now she’s brindle repellant spread out from here to that grove there. We’re leaving fast as we can. Get a bag from the drivers, follow her tracks, ladle them into the bag.”
“With what? A ladle?”
“I don’t know. Find something. Burn the bag. Mind the trees, too. Cut away the bark with your Fairbairn-Sykes where she leaned. I’ll bury her.”
Lansing spent an hour digging a grave deep enough to thwart diligent swaybacks. Wasting energy he’d need for the hunt, wasting an hour of morning light he could be killing brindles.
He put the chamois in with her. He said no prayers over her body.
When Wren came back, Lansing was under the shower.
“I put the bag of Rose-soil and Rose-bark in the incinerator,” Wren said. “The grove, it made the slaughterhouse look immaculate.”
The van drove off, headed for the slow rise to the left of Signal Hill.
Wren said, “Couldn’t they wait till you and I were done?”
“I told them they should leave as soon as you got back.” Lansing used his towel. “The spigot stays, it’s just easier this way. Take a shower now if you want, it’ll be your last one this contract. You’ve got five minutes.”
“We’re going up the hill?” Wren put his dirty hands under the spray.
“After we re-zero, gonna hike straight up the middle,” said Lansing as he dressed. “Too many trees for the van. They’re going up around the side. It’s a slow ride, so they’ll meet up with us later.”
“Because we wouldn’t wanna waste any more time.”
“Right.”
“Burying your relatives.”
“Four minutes, Wren.”


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 21

Lansing also preferred mornings because they were cooler than afternoons but not as cold as evenings. Generally. Because cool was the temperature at which he was the most comfortable. In the morning, Lansing was less analytical and more instinctual. In the morning, he was a pawn of brash impulse and, he believed, a better hunter. If Lansing had the misfortune to be saddled with a partner, they were less talkative before noon. Generally. Because Lansing preferred less talkative.
“Some morning,” Wren said. “Crisp as a sheet. Hill’s fucking steep, though. I don’t see why we couldn’t have gone with the van.”
Lansing didn’t bother repeating himself, Wren knew why they were taking the hill.
It was steep. Forty-five degrees most of the way. Vines hung down off the prismwood branches, straight down, accentuating the awkwardness of the slanted trees. Lansing and Wren were leaning so far forward their boots were tourniquets around their ankles. Lansing ignored the pain and struck the hill with the toes of his boots, burying his feet as far as they would go. He had reversed his rucksack so it sat on his chest, altering his center of gravity to fight the incline.
Wren used the vines as ropes, pulling himself upward. The tree trunks were abundant and strong, but too thick to grab with his good hand.
“What are we, halfway?” Wren said.
“About.”
Lansing struck the hill with his left boot and nearly lost his footing. He’d struck through a pore in the hill’s face the size of a large Frisbee. Wren helped by giving Lansing a few friendly pushes.
Wren said, “Think there used to be a tree there plucked out by the storm?”
“You can stop pushing, I got my balance back,” Lansing said. “Lucky my suit wasn’t primed, you’d have gotten burned. In the future, if I need help, I’ll ask.”
“I doubt that.” Wren laughed. “Your planet, it has some difficult terrain. If it was pretty, I wouldn’t mind. But it isn’t pretty.”
“Watch out for more holes, they could be inactive rorke lairs. They love hills for tunneling.”
“It true you were once hurt hunting horses?”
“Horse is a mean animal.”
“Not the horses I’ve ridden.”
“Domesticated, they’re different. This was on Penitent. Horses are protected there, completely wild. Fenced in, but no cages or barns. There was a rancher — ”
“Lots of ranches on Penitent,” Wren said.
Lansing said, “This one had dozens of prize mares, virgins, getting pregnant. The owner had been saving them for a stud from another ranch. This stud was due to arrive about two days before I was called in.”
“What was it, some lusty stallion sneaking in after curfew?”
“Six. I was only expecting one, that’s how I got hurt. They were clever.”
“Horses.”
“It’s not the hunt they’ll remember me for. How’d you lose the hand?” Lansing didn’t care about Wren’s hand. He only asked because he could see Wren was nervous, and in the past few days Lansing noticed conversation calmed Wren down. He could also see that Wren was straining with the hill’s pitch. Without Nadia and Tyndal, Lansing needed Wren at his best.
“I haven’t lost it,” Wren said, “but I’ll never get it back. Not like it was. Not without some major surgeries. I threw too many passes, got tackled too often.” For some reason, perhaps in an effort to gain Lansing’s sympathy or friendship, he was compelled to tell the rest of it. “That’s why I use the needles. Lied to Nadia about its being stimulants. They’re blood thinners. They help.” After the admission, Wren felt both pitiful and relieved.
The teeth in Wren’s pouch began clicking together. He took it off his belt and put the pouch into his rucksack. He thought, Have Olmstead give the inside a new coat of sticky when I get back. If I’m still in the guild, and Lansing isn’t. If there’s holy intervention, and I win this damn thing.
They climbed in silence for the next half hour because Lansing didn’t think of anything else to say. A zippet nipped his ear. Lansing made sure the bite hadn’t drawn blood, then turned on his suit’s surface current.
Wren stayed quiet because he was too tired to speak. He doled out the energy for each step, like wartime rations. He withheld some rations for an upcoming shelf, and after they climbed it he blurted out, “Do you think we’re really gonna finish without Tyndal and Nadia?” A deep breath. “Today, tomorrow, the day after. How can we?”
“By being drastic,” Lansing said. “You sound winded. This’s nothing compared to how bad it’s gonna get for us. Have to help each other. Put your challenge aside. The contract’s more important.”
“Don’t know if I can do that.”
Lansing almost smiled. He’d expected Wren to bend like a wet twig. Lansing said, “After we clear the hill — ”
“We’re nearly there,” Wren said.
“We’ll do another staggered drive. This time you go out and post a hundred yards ahead of me. I’ll make lots of noise, flush the brindles. You’ll have plenty of opportunities to add to your pouch.”
“And you?”
“Hanging back on the sides, getting any you missed.”
“There won’t be any.”
“Unless you have another strategy.”
“I like yours. Plus the rampage rounds seem to have stopped working.”
“Nine hours of daylight left. You’ll go out first, five hours later we’ll switch, and I’ll be poster.”
Some guild members worked as teams for years. Wren envied them. He would’ve liked someone who shared his sense of humor, whom he could converse with easily using nods, glances, other small motions. Since he’d been accepted into the guild he’d been on the lookout for someone like this. Because contracts, for Wren, could be so lonely, especially with partners who despised you.
He knew he wouldn’t find a partner in Lansing. And besides, at the end of this contract, one of them was gone anyway.
Wren took a drink from his canteen. It was full. He knew he was likely to drink all the water if it was available. Not knowing when they’d be seeing the van next, for a refill, he’d hidden the canteen in his rucksack.
The trees grew straighter as the hill leveled off. On the plateau, the prismwoods to Wren’s left and right were lonely and thin, as if homesick for the hill’s slope.
“Least the ground’s semiflat,” Wren said.
“Semi,” Lansing said. “There’s less hills on the preserve’s second tier.”
“Is that where we are?”
“Need another minute?”
Another hour, Wren thought but shook his head. He started east and stopped after two paces. “What the fuck is that?”
Seventeen feet from the plateau’s brink was a massive pit.
“I was wondering when you’d comment,” Lansing said.
“Didn’t see it right away,” Wren said. “Looks bottomless.”
“We learned about it in grade school.”
“What’s it called?”
“Does it need a name? It’s a pit. Brindles come here to die.”
Its rim was as far around as the lake. Thousands of dead brindles were the pit’s outer skin. That skin was brittle and white at the bottom, firmer and greyer near the top. There were gaps in the pit’s brindle-dermis. Beneath the first layer Lansing could see more dead beasts. He couldn’t tell how many layers there were.
“Whatta you think? About 60,000?” Wren said.
“No doubt,” Lansing said. He took the rucksack off his chest and returned it to his back, tightened the groin cinches, unsheathed his rifle, and headed off. “Gawk while you walk. We have to get around this thing.”
“You lead. How far down does it go? Looks like almost to the base of the hill. The fresh ones, I don’t see any pox on them.”
“The sick ones don’t come here.”
“Surprised any of them make it here. Think of all this profit rotting away. It should smell worse than it does.”
“I’m sure it did before the rain.”
“Why aren’t there swaybacks chin deep in free food?”
“The vets don’t know,” Lansing said, “just like they don’t know why the brindles decided this is their graveyard. Genetics, herd mentality. Dozens of dissertations and they still don’t know, never will.”
Wren said, “Maybe these beasts just have a strong sense of tradition,” and laughed.
Most of the brindles on the lip of the pit had died on their sides. Wren wanted to nudge a couple, see if they’d roll to the bottom. He remembered how Lansing had reacted to the brindles tied to the front of the van, so he put the prank in his pocket for the walk back. He took out his field glasses. The wrinkled palisades were easier to admire from this higher altitude. Wren estimated that the peach cliffs were only five miles east. The northern and southern fences were about four miles apart.
Lansing had gained fifteen feet on Wren.
He put away the field glasses. He kicked a brindle bone out of his path. Wren paused to reassess the pit. Thousands of dead brindles. On their sides. Mouths open. Wren started walking again and was tempted by the jaws he passed. Their URCs were tantalizingly loose. Lansing won’t hear if I steal a few, Wren thought. Pad my pouch. He couldn’t hear. The teeth are barely in, they won’t make any noise coming out. He stared down at the jaws by his feet, then looked up to make sure Lansing was far ahead.
Lansing was staring at Wren. He shook his head, turned, and continued around the pit. Wren said nothing. He stopped short a few times, hesitating as loudly as he could, pretending it was something he did often. Hesitating, no big deal, certainly no indication of cheating thoughts. Looking down at his boots. I wasn’t gonna take any teeth, there’s a problem with my boots. An honest problem, honest. But Lansing didn’t look back.
Wren thought, He’ll tell all of them what I was planning. Even if I shock everyone and beat him, there’ll always be doubt. There can’t ever be doubt. Too much of that in my guild career as it is. I ruined it. Sabotaged my own win. Lansing would’ve done the same, though. If he was being lynched by the ridicule I’ve been living with so long, he’d have stolen a hundred teeth behind my back. Anyone would. And I didn’t even take a fucking one!
Wren no longer wanted to nudge the brindles into the pit — he needed to tromp and thrash and throw them. He knew if Lansing decided to acknowledge him ever again, to give him orders or just look his way, there’d be an undercurrent of scorn. No more lax talk of horses. When they returned to the guild — the winner a Grand Marksman and the loser evicted — would Lansing tell? Wren wasn’t sure Lansing would say anything, but the threat of this shared truth would connect them forever.
And we’ll never finish this contract, not in three days, Wren thought. Scuttled my career on an incomplete hunt.
Wren relived his cheating pause again and again and again. He marveled at the way one small infraction could become immortal, the way some regrets linger in the mind a million times longer than the instant of their creation.
Lansing was waiting for Wren on the eastern end of the pit.
“I wasn’t going to,” Wren said.
“You didn’t,” Lansing said. “That’s all that matters to me. And I won’t tell. You’re eager. Eager’s no crime.”
Lansing recognized the sonic crack from Nadia’s Savage as his armor sizzled with chunks from Wren’s skull and brain.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 22

Wren’s head misted apart. For a single breath, Nadia felt like a being of pure happiness. In the space of one breath, Nadia’s body hummed with ecstasies eleven years of mundane hunts had failed to arouse. Through her riflescope, her peephole, she watched the mist radiate. She zoomed out to capture the scraps splashing Lansing’s armor, zoomed in for a close-up of Lansing’s outrage.
Nadia suckled on a teat of mixed reactions. Elation, surprise, anxiety, calm, fear. She broke out in a sudden sweat and could no longer feel Sanger’s borrowed armor. There was a remote awareness of sexual anticipation, a hardening of the gears in her erogenous zones.
In the space of another breath, it was gone. Nadia felt the hangover keenly.
Before Wren hit the ground Nadia put two more rounds through him — one speared his heart, the other his liver — trying to replicate the complex residuals from the first bullet. But the second and third lacked the potency of the first. Nadia knew she’d spend the rest of her life trying to duplicate the aura from that one breath, just as she knew she’d never succeed.
The hangover was made sharper by the pain in her groin. The hardening of her gears and the subsequent juices had masked the agony from last night’s initiation gang-up. Sanger had been torpid, Herk quick, but Frog was enormous.
As Wren collapsed, Nadia got off her stomach and folded her bipod up to the barrel. She watched Lansing carry Wren’s corpse toward the pit. A blue haze came off Lansing’s armor as it cooked the scraps. Careful with my armor, Nadia thought. I’ll be wearing it soon, Lanz, I don’t want it all cruddy.
Lansing dumped the body into the pit. Wren tumbled over the carcasses. He came to a stop three-quarters of the way down when his boot got caught on a skinless mandible. His right arm covered his face as if blocking out the sun.
Nadia thought, Decent of you, Lanz. Not that you’ll have a chance to bury him later.
She focused her scope on Wren’s head. What remained wore a crown of white glitter. At least there’s some hair left, she thought, enough to start a new braid.
She fired a shot over Lansing’s head, missing him intentionally, hoping he’d show her that outraged face again. He did not.
Lansing crouched. Frog shot him in the shoulder with a homing round. The bullet left a tiny black scratch but its impact nearly sprawled Lansing. He was facing Frog yet couldn’t see the man’s hiding place — a clutch of prismwoods to the south. Another homing round, and Lansing was thrown onto his back. Another black scratch.
I can have Rose bang those out, Frog thought. No one’ll ever know they were there. Too small for me now, but Rose’ll make his armor fit me.
Frog danced Lansing around and suckled from the same malicious teat Nadia had so recently sampled. Frog sucked it dry. He’d been lobbying Kinzey for the destruction of the guild whenever the name Lansing was mentioned. It had been Frog who first suggested they declare war with Lansing’s death.
He’d been giddy about this kill for six years. It was to be his Fort Sumter, and also his second baptism. After pulling Lansing’s tooth, Frog would escape the shackles of his cruel nickname. He’d earned the nickname falling for a practical joke, taking an “impossible contract” on the planet Batrachia. Herk had engineered the affair. Frog learned afterward always to look up the definition of a planet’s name before accepting new jobs.
Wearing Lansing’s armor, no one would dare call him Frog. He’d be renowned as the man who’d bagged Lansing. LK, Frog thought, Lansing Killer. A better nickname than Frog. LK, or maybe something even better. Doesn’t matter, difference is now I’m the one gets to choose it.
Frog fired a round that ripped one of the straps on Lansing’s rucksack. Lansing was running east, toward the cover of some short, dense burbushes. Frog shot him again, in the leg this time. Lansing crashed through the bushes as if they were smoke.
Lansing lay stunned for a moment, then crawled north, a direction Sanger didn’t agree with. She ignited the bushes in front of him with flammable bullets, forcing him east, deeper into the preserve. She watched him through her scope from her seat in the Halloween tree behind Frog. Sanger would’ve killed Lansing with a razor round, but they’d all agreed to take turns, to give Lansing a nibble of his coming death. Today, they were a team; tomorrow, they would be selfish.
Sanger shot the back of Lansing’s knee with a standard round. His leg folded, and he went down again. Third time, Sanger thought. You go down, the guild goes down.
She’d propositioned the true guild about crossing over right after Frog started lobbying for its demise. Sanger had lost interest in hunting people, and the strange safaris Kinzey favored were no longer fun or dangerous. Or noble. Sanger craved the noble hunt. Despite Kinzey’s vigorous underbidding, those contracts were only given to the guild.
Sanger propositioned them. She knew of Lansing’s obsession to see RifleHire starve, and she was pleasantly boggled by Raab’s receptiveness.
By the end of her tenth interview, she’d convinced Raab that her man-hunting reputation was largely apocryphal, one she would work to reverse for The Orion Guild. Lansing denied Sanger’s acceptance by tampering with the selection jury.
Sanger would’ve supplied Lansing with a detailed list of RifleHire’s weak spots even though she knew he’d refuse her help, that he’d want nothing but her removal from the hunting world. When her application was terminated, Sanger felt like some trollop Raab had used to make a spouse jealous. She didn’t understand Raab’s motives, but she hated him as much as she hated Lansing.
After the guild’s rebuff, Sanger doubled her man-hunting contracts. Overnight, those contracts became, to her, the noblest of hunts. Some she took for free. She turned down all contracts with female targets because killing men was much more satisfying.
She loaded a razor round, took aim at Lansing’s scalp, but didn’t fire. She thought, Not worth hearing Frog bitch all the way home. All the way home and into the next millennium. He’s such a little girl.
Lansing was sprinting eastward through a porous shield of trees, toward a canted hillock. Sanger put her boots against two strong branches, jacked in an anvil cartridge, and fired. The bullet thwacked Lansing’s rifle stock like a supersonic hammer. His arms jerked out, his legs knotted up, but he never lost his grip on the Bedoui. Sanger jacked in another anvil.
She increased the magnification on her scope to 6X. She spotted Lansing again. She also spotted the threat he was about to meet head-on. She thought, Those things look so much uglier in 6X.
Nadia came running over to Frog. Sanger climbed out of the tree and stood between them.
“Nice try,” Frog said to Sanger.
Nadia said, “His hands’re glued to that gun.”
“Frog, shut up,” Sanger said, “I don’t need your condolences.” She glared at Nadia. “And you, cherry, you’re way too new for banter.”
Lansing crested the hillock and was charged by fifty crazed swaybacks. Their sudden barks split the air like uncorked thunder. Lansing slid to a halt and bagged five scouts. The canine army surged forward, closing ranks, drooling, barking, chomping. Lansing twisted to the side, dug his heels into the dirt, and flew back toward the pit.
Like an aloof general, Herk was commanding the swaybacks from the rear of the phalanx. He dismissed the laggards, mentally called out for recruits. The smells trailing his bellicose puppets were appalling and delightful. Herk reveled in their fumes. They reminded him of a hundred joyous chases.
Lansing was thirty seconds from the pit.
Spring on him, Herk thought.
The fastest swaybacks landed on his legs and arms and cried out as electricity seared their paws. The swaybacks fell away like barnacles but landed like boulders, flooring those behind them. Lansing’s lead increased.
Herk expected Lansing to dive into the pit but prayed that the famed Grand Marksman wouldn’t be so anticlimactic. He wanted to chase Lansing for the rest of the day, for the rest of the contract, all the way around Wildernesse if possible.
Frog watched through his scope. “Dopey dogs,” he said. “One’s on his rucksack. Now it’s not. He’s tearing around the pit. Going for the other side.”
“He’s not that far away,” Sanger said. “We see him.”
“Hand in one of his pockets,” Frog said. “Loading a fresh round. Not so easy running flat-out like that. Cover.”
“Cover what?” Sanger said.
“Yourself,” Nadia said and climbed into the Halloween tree.
“He can’t hit us running,” Sanger said.
The rampage round exploded behind Nadia’s tree. Nadia was blown off her branch, and the branches off the tree. The concussion knocked Lansing sideways but he prevented another fall with outstretched hands, running on them like a second pair of feet. The lighter swaybacks became windblown kites. The heavier ones stayed aground but the bullet’s blast severed Herk’s psychic whip. They no longer craved Lansing — it was much more enjoyable to sniff each other, lie down, have a nap.
Herk jump-started them with a soundless shriek. In seconds, they were an orderly landslide bearing down on Signal Hill.
Lansing skirted the pit and met the hill at top speed. He leaned back, skiing on his boots, using tree trunks for momentum. Branches jabbed and smacked him. He ducked and pulled and pushed, fighting balance and exploiting gravity. He swerved to avoid a thick bole and his feet left the hill and he was airborne.
The swaybacks washed down the hill in a tawny torrent. Their Siamese paws had more traction and better control, but they, too, became victims of their own velocity.
Lansing sailed into treetops, tall trunks, nests of unsuspecting dayravens. The collisions spun him like a wheel.
He caught snippets of the ground spiraling toward him and did his best to crash on his side.
He tensed his body, held his breath, and hit the ground which sneezed up a cloud of dirt and grass.
The plummeting swaybacks bounced off each other, broke trees, bludgeoned homeless dayravens, and exploded around Lansing like soggy bombs.
Sanger, Frog, and Nadia lay in the curve of a fresh crater. The crater and its tenants were shrouded under tree viscera. Frog was the first to stand. He had all the motor control of a stroke patient. He lumbered to the edge of Signal Hill. A bullet clipped his neck.
“Fuck!” Frog screamed and collapsed into a tight bundle. He probed the wound with his dirty fingers, reassuring himself it wasn’t deep, it hadn’t hit any hoses.
Herk approached, trailing twenty swaybacks.
Frog got up. “Thought they all went suicidal.”
Herk sprayed Frog’s neck with saline. “Gold dye all over,” he said, smiling. “Lansing, he’s gonna pull your tooth.”
Frog swiped Herk’s goggles and squashed them under his heel. The goggles creased and bent, but sprang into their original shape when Frog kicked them away.
Herk was cross-eyed. He had no eyebrows. His face was indented with a goggle-shaped groove, deep and red.
Frog said, “Didn’t know your eyes were cockazoot, you cur. You only see in shades of grey, like your furry friends?”
Herk sprayed the saline in Frog’s eyes, then threw the bottle over the hill. It exploded in midair like a clay pigeon. “He’s some shot.” Herk shined his goggles with spit, put them back on. They sank into the grooved template. “Frog, look, the ladies, they’re back from lunch.”
Sanger knelt on the edge of the hill, took out her binoculars. The lenses were cracked. Nadia went up to Herk. She put a finger against her nose, blew dirt from each nostril, said, “Clean off my back? I can’t reach.”
Sanger studied Lansing. “Vines and leaves all over him. Doesn’t look like he’s moved. Doesn’t look too comfy on his side like that.”
“Good thing he didn’t smack the ground with his back,” Frog said. “Rucksack would’ve split his spine.”
“No, it’s hanging off a tree,” Sanger said. “By one of its straps. The cinches have ripped. The other strap’s broke.”
“That would be me,” Frog said and looked at Herk. “And you think Lansing’s a sharpshooter? Try doing that any day of the week. Hell, try it on a fucking holiday. I’m the only one here that good.”
“I see his empty scabbard brace in another tree,” Sanger said. “The Marlin’s missing.”
Herk patted Nadia on the buttocks. “All clean, darling.” To Frog: “If I had homing rounds — ”
“They do take some finessing,” Frog said. “It’s the shooter behind them.”
“I’m calling his rucksack,” Nadia said.
“I’d like to see you get it before me,” Frog said. “I earned the fucking thing.”
“There’s a branch sticking outta his armpit,” Sanger said. “Don’t see how it could’ve pierced that famous armor, but there it is. And still he’s holding his rifle, plus the Marlin. Now I see the Marlin.”
Herk said, “Keep glassing him while we figure this out, Sangie.”
“He’s not moving,” Sanger said.
“But he can,” Frog said. “He’s not crippled. He’s not dead, but he’s gonna require a lotta killing.”
Herk ripped open a clotting patch. “Move your hand,” he told Frog and slapped the patch to his neck. “Two fingers. Keep the pressure on.”
“Someone else look,” Sanger said and tossed the binoculars to Herk.
“I don’t want ’em,” he said.
“They’re not orange to match his Day-Glo couture,” Frog said.
“Let’s see how you dress after being shot six times,” Herk said. “Accidentally, by your own fucking teammates, no less.”
“Then was it accidentally?” Frog said. “Mull that over, why don’t you?”
Sanger sat on the ground. Nadia now noticed that what made Sanger’s rifle so thick was its three rotating barrels. Each barrel had its own magazine jutting from the breech.
Nadia gave Sanger a confused squint.
Herk said, “It’s a Holland & Holland Royal Cerberus Interchangeable. Three different calibers, one for every occasion.”
Sanger deactivated the armed barrel, a .338, and rotated the .458 into position. The chamber inside irised open to match the wider bore. She removed the .458’s magazine, loaded with regular cartridges, and reloaded with a magazine of razor rounds. The gun trilled musically to let her know the barrel transfer had been successful and the mag was full. “I love that sound,” Sanger said. “All I need to do now is re-zero the fucker.”
Nadia saw a tear of blood trickle from Frog’s neck patch. “Should fix your dressing,” Nadia said. “Your blood’s gonna repel the brindles.”
“Forget the brindles already,” Frog said.
Herk nodded.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 23

Lansing was halfway up the hill when he found the Frisbee-sized hole. He’d retrieved his scabbard brace from a tree and was wearing it in front, as he had the rucksack. Both rifles were sheathed. He turned off his armor, scrunched his shoulders, and wormed into the hole headfirst. He sealed off the entrance by kicking dirt at it. He would’ve preferred molding the entrance by hand, but there was neither time nor room.
As he’d hoped, it was an old furless rorke tunnel. Putrid air made his eyes water and his nose runny. His armor’s collar shaved the ceiling. He moved forward by pushing with his knees against the walls. His arms were like flippers underneath him, guarding the scabbards. He got stuck every few feet. He took long, deep breaths, trying to expand his chest to spread the tunnel walls apart.
The breaths created pressure on his ribs. Pressure, but no pain. He expected pain’s tardy arrival later in the day, when shock finally decided to pull up stakes and leave. Lansing could feel the branch that had pierced his suit during the fall. He’d snapped the branch before tunneling, but its head was firmly entombed between his arm and the armor. Impossible, Lansing thought. It’s a Slocombe. It’s impervious.
The tunnel shrank as the RifleHires raced down the hill. When they were below him, Lansing wormed forward twice as fast. He figured they’d probably miss the Frisbee on the way down, but he wasn’t optimistic enough to think they’d miss it on the way up.
Crawling forward, forward. The tunnel widened enough for Lansing to bring an arm out ahead of him. The putrid smell, stronger with every inch of progress, rang his uvula like a dinner bell. Lansing swallowed dirt to quell his gagging. It didn’t do much. He tried thinking of water, of showers and pools, anything clean and wet. Anything the opposite of where he was.
Lansing realized where the tunnel was heading but he had no option. He thought, The fact they went for Wren first means they wanna play with me. That they killed instead of wounding him means they’re serious. Sanger and her anvils. Goddam RifleHire here on Wildernesse. But Nadia?
The most inexperienced hunter could’ve seen that Wren was gone after that first shot. Lansing knew the second and third shots were desperate experiments to rekindle the taboo thrill of the first.
Had to be Bledsoe or Rose told them I was here, Lansing thought. No, not Rose. She wouldn’t put me in danger. Bledsoe. They were in orbit. Bunch of them here, waiting till the audition was through to take Rose home. Bledsoe, too, if he passed. Here I am, their target of targets.
Lansing understood that the mistake was his. He should’ve been more proactive. Undercutting RifleHire’s bids and counting on their ineptitude, it wasn’t enough. Somehow they’d attracted special talent. That man with the swaybacks. Nadia, even. He respected these competitors, reluctantly, but decided they wouldn’t last long. And they would not interrupt the contract.
The tunnel opened into a cave of brindle remains. Lansing put his earplugs into his nose.
Skeletons lay in a jagged pyramid. Jaws and eye sockets were crypts for dead midges. Bone leeches, black, dragged their acidic bellies over femurs and ulnas. Leech hives hung from the ceiling like squirming lanterns. Lansing knew these brindle bones hadn’t worn meat for decades, that most of the dead barrel midges were older than he was.
The cave was warm. It was quiet except for the rasp of the leeches. A column of daylight came through the center of the ceiling. The column of light was thin, yet it gave Lansing the surreal impression that it was the only thing supporting the cave from collapse.
He scaled the pyramid and used the light to catalog his damage. The branch had trespassed his armor through a missing microplate. There were bullet divots along one shoulder, the side of one leg, behind his right knee. The first divots he had ever found. He ran his fingers over them. He wanted to curse Slocombe, but couldn’t.
Rucksack, food, medicine. Gone.
The branch tip was beginning to make itself known. When he moved his left arm, the tip clawed at his humerus like a trapped rat. He hoped the bleeding was mostly internal, that the odor from any seepage would be nixed by the armor’s watertight fit. He also hoped that the arm would last till the end of the contract. He didn’t care if it had to be excised after that. It was just a replacement, he’d never felt a strong sense of ownership. If the arm became diseased and was removed, he’d mourn the tattoos. They’d taken eight years.
Lansing’s side was covered in dried oatmeal that had once been part of Wren’s head. He scooped up some bony gravel and scrubbed the armor clean. He switched the X scabbard brace to his back. Spread his legs, balanced his weight on two unbroken skulls, punched through the ceiling. Soil and leeches poured over him. The leeches clung to his armor. They got in his mouth and clung to his teeth.
As he lifted himself out, the pit filled the cave with brindles.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 24

“I don’t see him,” Herk said.
“Nobody sees him,” Frog said. “All the time, stating the obvious.”
“All the time, being mean,” Herk said.
“Boys,” Sanger said. “Eyes and ears open. He’s crafty, he’ll use any cover, so don’t let bushes and trees fool you.”
Nadia was out front. All four of them were walking away from Signal Hill in the direction of the front gate.
“Anyone wanna tell Nadia about Holliswood?” Herk said.
“I knew someone would trot out that yarn,” Sanger said.
“It has relevance,” Herk said.
Frog said, “It’s been told into the grave.”
“For Nadia,” Herk said. “It’s a good story.”
“You’re gonna tell it anyway,” Sanger said, “so tell it. But we rotate positions every so often. Fresh ears, fresh eyes.”
Nadia said, “Assuming this is a hunting story, what was Holliswood hunting?”
“Lansing, believe it or not,” Frog said. “Holliswood had gotten confidential info. It was cold info, but followed it up anyway.”
“Hold,” Herk said, gun to his shoulder. Everyone put their guns to their shoulders. “No, just a tree.” But they kept their guns where they were.
“Holliswood gets to where he’s going,” Frog said, “some amazon planet. Instead of Lansing, he spots the Burlingame brothers.”
“Who are?” Nadia said.
“Rotate,” Sanger said.
Frog said, “The Burlingame brothers raided and robbed a RifleHire ship two years earlier. We’d all been looking for them.”
“Three years earlier,” Herk said.
“Because that makes all the difference to her,” Frog said.
“Let’s tell it to her right.”
“They go into a forest,” Sanger said. “Holliswood, he goes in after them. This forest, it has giant, skinny trees with dense shrubs for hair.”
“Why would they go in?” Nadia said.
“Rumored to be a temple in there,” Sanger said. “That’s still the rumor. I’m jumping in here because these other two can’t seem to agree, and I know the story. This temple, lots of gems.”
“Not gold?” Frog said. He picked his nose.
“Gems,” Sanger said. “Remember, Nadia, these brothers were thieves, it’s what they did.”
Frog said, “They hear Holliswood, who couldn’t be quiet if he held his breath. They climb the trees, and it’s over for Holliswood.”
“Well he tried,” Herk said.
“Rotate,” Sanger said.
Herk wiped his goggles with a cloth. “Anyone else’s forehead sweating? Holliswood couldn’t climb the trees ’cause he was too fat and the trees too elastic.”
“Tried shooting up into the treetops,” Frog said, “tried every day, but nothing, no bodies fell.”
“Didn’t he chop some down by shooting through the trunks?” Herk said.
“And he saws with his bayonet, but there are so many damn trees,” Frog said. “He tried shaking them, but he can’t shake all of them.”
“Don’t make him sound stupid,” Sanger said.
“Don’t be sore because he trained you,” Frog said.
“You’re damned fucking right I’m sore. A lot of this is exaggeration. No one could have so much bad luck.”
Frog said, “All I’m saying is — ”
“You’re saying he was an idiot,” Sanger said. “He wasn’t.”
“I’m sorry if that’s how it sounds,” Frog said.
“I’ll forgive it. You didn’t know him, did you.”
“So these brothers,” Nadia said, “they’re hopping from treetop to treetop? Eating leaves and berries?”
“Presumably,” Herk said. “The treetops are all interconnected and a bit more stable.”
“He runs, looking up,” Sanger said, “hoping his peripheral vision will catch them. But he can’t run a straight line with all the trees, and he gets dizzy. Plus, all that looking up, you know what it can do to your neck.”
“I’m glad I wasn’t with him,” Nadia said.
“Some days he’d hide,” Frog said, “pretend he’d left, but the Burlingame brothers were too smart for that.”
“They weren’t that smart,” Sanger said.
“Now Holliswood wants to go home, get out,” Frog said. “But he’s too deep, and also he can’t see the sun to guide him.”
“Rotate,” Sanger said.
“Terrible,” Herk said. “Never should’ve gone in. Should’ve waited for them to come out.”
“That’s because he had brass apples, he did,” Sanger said.
“Oh, even worse,” Frog said, looking over at Nadia, “it rains every morning, say an hour. He didn’t bring enough supplies for this, he thought he was after Lansing, one two three. So he’s sleeping out of doors, eating roots and eating vegetables, the occasional critter. Living like an animal.”
“Though still shooting up into the trees,” Herk said, “every day. Praying.”
Frog said, “When he runs outta ammo, that’s when the brothers descend.”
“I miss Holliswood,” Herk said. “He could tell a joke.”
“If Holliswood’s dead, how’d all this come out?” Nadia said.
“Made reports from his comm,” Sanger said. “Whenever he could, and always asked for some of us to come help him, but nobody was close enough.”
“No, not true,” Frog said. “He never gave his location because he wanted to do it all alone and make a meal out of it.”
Sanger slapped him. Frog knew better than to strike her in return.
“What am I supposed to take from this?” Nadia said.
“Always know your enemy and your surroundings,” Frog said.
“We barely know either,” Herk said.
Frog said, “Which is why we have to be careful not to end up Holliswoods.” His cheek was turning red from the slap.
“No, here’s your moral,” Sanger said. “When Kinzey heard, she was a thousand times more furious that Holliswood hadn’t killed Lansing than hearing Holliswood had been killed. We can’t pass up this chance. There’s four of us now, and he’s here. Kinzey would never forgive that, or forget. We probably should’ve killed him before if we could have. And we could have. We go home without Lansing’s head, Kinzey’s apt to demote us to her gunbearers. For life.”
“This isn’t working,” Frog said, his cheek redder still. “We passed him.”
“This time Frog’s right,” Sanger said. “We split up, look harder, meet at the base of that big hill. You see Lansing, radio in.”
Fooled, Nadia thought, like Holliswood.
Nadia didn’t have a radio and didn’t ask for one.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 25

Lansing swam against the carcass current, pulling on hoofs and tails, his feet pressing against the growing mass below. The pit’s brindles were sopping wet from the rain. Lansing spat out bone leeches and climbed into the daylight. A hundred dead brindles were sliding toward him. So was Wren, on his stomach.
Lansing adjusted his climb to intercept the body. He grabbed Wren’s rucksack by the flap. He tried yanking it off but the straps were taut around Wren’s shoulders. The body continued sliding toward the cave, taking Lansing with it. Lansing wound the flap around his fingers, put his feet near the top of Wren’s spine, and kicked. Wren’s neck and collarbone broke, his shoulders hinged backward, the rucksack came loose. Lansing put it on over his X scabbard brace, placed his feet near Wren’s hips and gave him another kick, this time softer. The body glided toward and into the cave.
Lansing turned and attacked the pit’s face again. The rotten current began to ebb. Lansing treated the carcasses like a wall of rocks, putting no more weight on any outcropping than it could support. The brindles were seven and eight layers deep. Lansing’s fingernails were covered in brindle skin. He reached the lip of the pit and was about to climb out when he heard a single gunshot.
The gunshot was followed by laughter. Both came from below Signal Hill. Lansing slowly eased himself onto the newer dead brindles. He expected to be greeted by at least two RifleHires, but none were in sight. He blew the earplugs from his nose and sprinted over to the hillock where he’d encountered Herk and his swaybacks. Lansing ran low to the ground and kept near the trees. Slob hunters won’t stop the contract, Lansing thought. It’d be a disgrace. An insult to the guild.
He climbed the hillock, down the other side, and hid behind some shrubs, waiting. His first contract came to mind. A manhunt.
Desperate, he’d gone to see Chatham, a man Slocombe had been friends with and admired. Chatham was retired and lived in an old-fashioned hunting lodge. Wood planks, stone fireplace, homemade furniture, animal-skin rugs, mounted antlers around the walls.
Chatham was a big man with big gestures, and he welcomed Lansing heartily.
“So you’re Slocombe’s pupil,” Chatham said.
“I was,” Lansing said. “I’m my own man now.”
“He told me you were like that.”
They sat in chairs carved from imported maple, facing each other.
“If you’re so independent, your own man, why are you here? I know you left Slocombe. I hope you had a plan.”
“I wanna become a contract hunter, like you were.”
“Not so easy.”
“That was my plan, though I admit, it’s not working.”
Chatham lit a pipe. “You need that one break.”
“Yes.”
“That small spectacular contract to get someone’s attention. The guild’s, maybe.”
“Yes.”
“Well, those are damned hard to find and few and far between, son.” Chatham crossed his legs, smoked his pipe. “Because everyone wants one of those. Why should I help you?”
“Because Slocombe told you how good I am.”
Chatham laughed. “And cocky,” he said. “Something came my way but I’m retired, I’m old. I feel old, too, and that’s worse. I’m not sure you’d want it.”
Lansing leaned toward Chatham. “I’m almost broke, but I’ve got my gun.”
“Lean back, listen. It’s hunting down a man, this contract. Another human being.”
Lansing rubbed his face. “I’m broke, but …”
“It pays well, the contract. They usually do, hunting men. You wouldn’t be broke again for a while. But you have to think on it, I see. I’ll lend you a cot, you can sleep on it here.”
Another pull on the pipe. “It’s nice being retired, I don’t have to make these choices. Take this contract, you can’t take it back, once it’s over. Is that the hunter you wanna become? And what about the rest of the community? How will they regard you?”
In the morning, Chatham gave Lansing the name of a planet, the name of his target, and a photo.
Mammodes was a complex, cosmopolitan planet. Too many cities. Lansing didn’t know in which city to begin, so, using his prey as an indication, he began with the seediest. Lansing visited bars, strip clubs, red-light districts, eavesdropping on conversations like a hunter reads spoor. It wasn’t the kind of tracking he was trained for, and it made him uncomfortable. He had a lot of bad luck, false leads, wasted time. And his prey had men running interference, look-alikes to keep trails cold. They never spotted Lansing, but they did stop a number of other people going after Takacs.
Lansing had the man’s photo, but to show it around would invite trouble. He kept to his strategy, kept riding the rails from city to city, and eventually succeeded.
He found an apartment diagonal from Takacs’. Occasionally there were clear shots to be had. Broke a hole through the window for his gun. Watched every night for two weeks as Takacs engaged in the debauchery that had incited the contract.
Lansing knew there was a deadline, but he couldn’t pull the trigger on Takacs. Slocombe hadn’t taught him about this, whether it was right or wrong to hunt and kill bad people. It felt right to Lansing, lying on his bed, rifle poking through the glass. It felt right and just. Then why were his palms sweating on the gun?
During the two weeks of his stalk, Lansing marked on a piece of paper how many clean shots he’d had, 621. He needed money. This contract had cost him money with all the traveling, but he let the deadline pass.
On a Longliner, Lansing got a telegram from Chatham: takacs dead STOP another shooter STOP very proud of you.
Lansing spent the next year on the Longliner circuit. First as a beggar, then as a marksman who made trick parlor shots for change. It was demeaning, simple work, but it paid for his meals and his rooms. He often got into trouble with Longliner authorities, but bribes usually solved this problem. Some nights he spent in Longliner brigs.
A year later, just before landing on aquatic Zarand, Lansing heard an advertisement for a hunter over the ship’s PA. Despite his phobia of large bodies of water, Lansing accepted the contract. It was only when he was met by the boat’s crew that he learned how dangerous this hunt was. Six guild members had died on previous attempts, and the guild would send no more.
It was a turbulent, treacherous voyage, but Lansing outsmarted and killed the three nonshark maraudlings that had been terrorizing the gelatinous inlet. And it was the first hunt that brought him to the guild’s attention. A gratifying hunt, too. He was glad he hadn’t killed Takacs.
Now was different. Now he’d kill these interloping RifleHires without qualm.
Tired of waiting for them, he got up and tied his tooth pouch’s drawstring into a hard knot. With Wren’s death, per guild regulations, the challenge was nullified.
He knew the report from his rifle, on full strength, would attract Nadia and her friends. On a reduced setting he’d have to get closer to the brindles, but he felt that the compromise of stealth over firepower was acceptable. He cranked the breechblock obturation down to the median.
Thirty minutes later, from his roost in a prismwood, Lansing spotted two brindles grazing on beveled hills that stretched eastward. Lansing raised his rifle. The branch tip scored his humerus and twanged a nerve.
The two brindles bounded away. Lansing dropped them, but he’d been wrong — even on the median setting the report was much too loud. It died out and was replaced with the sound of barking swaybacks.
Lansing’s roost was so high, and so cleverly blended into the environment, he assumed the swaybacks would pass him by, but they were headed directly toward him.
He jumped from his roost and ran over the beveled hills.
The hoarse barks of the twelve swaybacks — nine males and three bitches — were answered by two other packs. Two other packs closing in from the north and south.
Lansing’s quadriceps screamed but didn’t rip. His breaths were staccato explosions.
The swaybacks pounded the grass, leaving bald lanes in their wake. The alpha of the first pack catapulted off a bitch just as Lansing turned to cut the swaybacks down. The alpha landed on Lansing’s chest and snapped at his neck. Lansing craned his head as he fell. He rolled over on the swayback and crushed its head with his boot.
He aimed at the legs of the advancing pack. His shots crippled the swaybacks in front. They were trampled by slower swaybacks no less eager to shred Lansing’s throat.
Lansing got to his feet, then ducked, avoiding two swaybacks who, in midair, were unable to change direction. They whizzed by him like missiles.
He was running again. He had a ten-yard lead but knew it would last only seconds. He twisted and took another shot at the pack. They’d compensated for his low aim by running hunched forward, skulls protecting their forelegs.
The second pack was approaching dead on. The third pack was coming from Lansing’s left; they’d take the longest to reach him, about thirty seconds. Lansing pulled a mag from his pocket, right arm, and reloaded on the fly.
When the dead-on pack leapt for his head, Lansing ducked and turned sharp right. The swaybacks collided with jumpers from the first pack. The ones who hadn’t jumped were running too fast and slammed into each other. The only pack who avoided injury was the third — the one on his left — who easily hurdled the yipping horde.
Lansing held his Bedoui by the barrel, spun around, and clobbered the raving swaybacks. The rifle stock shattered skulls and broke limbs. He stomped on the swaybacks underfoot like a manic exterminator. The volume from their collective barking rattled the microplates in his armor.
Shattered skulls, broken limbs, bloody gashes, but the swaybacks never flagged. When they started to overpower him, Lansing swung his rifle a final time and took off.
They chased him over the hills. A fourth pack joined them.
Herk was two hills east, at the head of a dense grove, trying to spread some trees apart to step through but looking Lansing’s way. Lansing fired while running. The trees swung shut, Herk fell and landed on his ass. He bent forward, sagging farther than an intact spine would allow.
Lansing reached the grove ahead of the swaybacks.
Herk’s goggles were askew. There was a hole, painted gold, in his armor’s horizontal band above his left kidney.
Twenty-two swaybacks descended on the grove but lost their fanaticism when Herk stopped breathing. Three swaybacks dropped dead from exhaustion. Nine fell to the grass, licking their wounds and crying to the sky. Five walked in slow circles, heads aloft as if waiting for their names to be called. The rest were delirious — they chased their shadows, their tails, each other. A few mounted willing bitches. Not a single swayback showed any interest in Lansing.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 26

“So how do you like RifleHire?” Sanger said.
“A few glitches aside, pretty good,” Nadia said.
They were walking together back toward Signal Hill.
“Sometimes there’s rules,” Sanger said, “and they have to be followed. You’re actually lucky. There were eighteen RifleHires on my audition, fifteen of them men. That was pain. Some wanted to fuck me in the ass. I had to let them or risk failing the audition.”
“Then I guess I’m lucky. Herk or Frog?”
“No, but Frog and I have played in private. But six days outta seven I prefer a cunt to cock. You?”
“I’m not all that interested in sex.”
“That’s the first time in my adult life I’ve heard someone say that.”
“What about men auditioning?” Nadia said.
“What, sex?” Sanger said. “The men have to please all the women in the group. There are some all-female troupes in RifleHire, so he must be virile. Good hunters have been turned away because they weren’t virile enough.”
“What about gay?”
“Straight men auditioning, they’re given a pass from gay male RifleHires. I’m tryna have that rule abolished. Why should straights be treated preferentially? I used my binoculars to watch you kill Wren.”
“And?” Nadia said.
“And you enjoyed it, like I did, my first kill. There’ll never be another as good, and I wanted to see it in you. Am I wrong?”
“It was great,” Nadia said. “All over. My body, my mind, best experience I’ve ever had. That’s how come I know RifleHire’s such a logical fit.”
They’d almost reached Signal Hill.
Nadia said, “Why are you being so nice to me now?”
Sanger said, “You’re a pretty girl, extremely pretty. I know we’ve got a lot in common. I’m hoping. Ever hear of a tyger-burning-bright?”
“Nope.”
“They’re kinda our vacation hunts. Tough fuckers, tyger-burning-brights, but they’re fun to kill. Hard to kill. We’re only permitted to use tridents and weighted nets. When life in RifleHire gets too hectic, it’s a nice trip. I’ll take you sometime.”
Nadia was trying to figure out the best way to answer when Bledsoe appeared from around the hill’s north side. He shouted, “How come you started all this without me?”
“Where’s Rose?” Sanger said. “We told Rose. Didn’t she tell you?”
“Not a word.” Bledsoe put his rifle through his belt and massaged the nub of his missing arm.
“Rubbing that a little hard, aren’t you?” Nadia said.
Bledsoe turned to Sanger. “Rose said she had an idea for some special kinda barrel that’d never get hot,” he lied. “Wanted to go off and draw it. That was yesterday. Afternoon yesterday. I can’t believe you’d start this without me. I’ve been killing brindles since we landed. More than Lansing, I promise you.”
“Lansing has a lot,” Nadia said.
“A lot more than you, no doubt,” Bledsoe said. He still hadn’t looked her in the eye.
Sanger said, “Which way did she go, Bledsoe? Where the fuck is she?”
Bledsoe thought, Inside the van, behind some rocks, maybe buried. Ask Lansing.
Bledsoe’s diaphragm and his heart had been sore since yesterday, since Rose had supersaturated him with Wide Awakes. His teeth also hurt, so did his legs.
“Where is she?” Sanger said.
“Toward the lake,” he said. “I guess she likes the water.”
“We were down that way this morning,” Sanger said.
“I told you, that was last afternoon. She’s got two legs.”
“Told her to meet us at the slaughterhouse last night,” Sanger said. “Gave her the time and the place. So goddam flaky.”
She was keeping that from me? Bledsoe thought. She deserved what I gave her. “She didn’t say. All she was interested in was watching me hunt. Making sure I was up to grade, which she repeatedly said I was.”
“Up to grade. I’ll ask when I see her,” Sanger said.
Bledsoe inclined his head toward Nadia. “Isn’t she Lansing’s friend?”
“Was,” Nadia said.
Bledsoe turned to Nadia with malice on his face. “That all you have to say? We’re on the same side now after you hunted me nine straight months, and all you have for me is one word?”
“If I’d’ve bagged you, I wouldn’t have said — ”
“But you didn’t, honey. Didn’t come close.”
“I came close.”
He waved his arm to the side. Without a second arm to mirror the first, it was a diluted gesture. “I’m still here. Like a monument, I’m still here and always will be.” He nodded at Sanger. “Did you get Lansing?”
“Just the gorilla used to be a cornerback,” Sanger said.
“Quarterback,” Nadia said.
Bledsoe smiled. He couldn’t wait to tell Cass. She was close enough to hear Sanger, but Bledsoe wanted the satisfaction of telling Cass himself. Not that Cass would understand him, but that wouldn’t mitigate his enjoyment.
Frog came toward them from the south. He called out to them, “I see Bledsoe, but I don’t see Rosie or Herk.”
Sanger said, “Frog, the slot machine here said she left him for some sketching.”
Frog’s voice lowered as he neared them. “That’s Rosie, always drawing or screwing.”
Bledsoe said, “That’s Rosie, Frog.”
“No, you don’t get to call me that,” Frog said. “You can call me Gant and nothing else.”
Bledsoe waved his arm to the side once more. “Gant, I’m here for the same thing you are.”
“Naw, you came to beat Lansing,” Frog said.
Bledsoe proudly jingled his tooth pouch. “Guaranteed.”
“Then we’re not here for the same thing.”
“You’re wearing his rucksack,” Bledsoe said. “Killed him so fast?”
“Damn near,” Frog said.
“You cocksucker,” Nadia said. “We were gonna split his things.”
Frog shook the rucksack by shimmying his shoulders. “Nine-tenths of the law. I had to repair the strap that I put a bullet through, me. Put down six swaybacks on the way over here. Let’s finish this. Whoever finds Lansing kills Lansing.”
Bledsoe pulled out his rifle.
Sanger said, “Shit, Bledsoe hasn’t been initiated.”
“He can watch over our supplies,” Nadia said. “I could use a gun caddie. Watch our stuff, Bledsoe.”
“Who’re you to give me orders?” Bledsoe said. “You joined them five minutes ahead of me and you’re bossing me around? Don’t mess with my audition, I’ve waited six months to get here.”
“Six months? I been waiting four years. Four years, and he gets an audition before I do? Sanger, what the hell?”
“You didn’t have to audition. And that’s a question for Kinzey. And watch your tone. I did hear Kinzey say that you were guild, you could have gotten in Lansing’s way when he got in our way, but it didn’t seem like you ever had. But watch your tone.”
“Couple nights ago,” Bledsoe said, “this Nadia here was sitting around a fire holding hands with Lansing. Girl, your gun doesn’t even have a body on it.”
“Does now. Wren’s.”
“When you’ve half my headcount, I might let you lick my shoes.”
Frog’s laughter was abetted by hearty nodding.
Nadia said, “Part of the initiation, Frog, is Bledsoe gonna pleasure you?”
Sanger’s laughter was abetted by a clap of delight.
“You don’t get to call me — ”
“Frog, Frog, Frog, Frog, Frog,” Nadia said. “It’s Frog until you kill something worthwhile. Like Lansing. That’s why you’re in such a rush.”
“Let’s go then,” Frog said. “Where the hell is Herk?”
“What about Bledsoe’s initiation?” Nadia said.
“We don’t have time for hazing,” Frog said. “I don’t have any spare armor, not that it would fit him. And I don’t wanna see him naked.”
“Neither do I,” Sanger said. “If Rose told him he was up to grade, that’s all the go-ahead I need. Nadia and Bledsoe, you’re both lucky. No auditions, no full auditions. Fucking lucky. We have the time for a partial ceremony.”
Sanger, Frog, and Nadia made a triangle around Bledsoe, pointed their guns at his face.
“Toss your gun past me,” Frog said.
“What’s your favorite thing?” Sanger said.
“What do you mean? My favorite thing ever?”
Frog said, “We should be on Lansing’s tail instead of this.” He lowered his gun and took out his cleaver. “Who’s got extra water?”
“I’ve got water, I don’t have extra,” Sanger said.
“Not for this,” Nadia said.
“I can’t shave his head dry. Needs some lubrication.”
“Take him to the lake,” Sanger said. She and Nadia sheathed their rifles. Sanger lit a cigarette. Nadia asked for one. Sanger passed her the cigarette she’d just lit. Licked it first, then passed it.
“The lake, that would be going backward,” Frog said.
Sanger lit a second cigarette for herself, then said to Nadia, “Tell me when you want another and I’ll get it started for you.”
The only liquid nearby was blood from a sloppy swayback carcass that had fallen down the face of Signal Hill with Lansing. Nadia wondered why this carcass remained when there had been so many around Lansing. Wondered what was wrong with this one that other swaybacks hadn’t eaten it.
Frog lifted it by its fur and said, “Kneel down, Bledsoe.”
“This is being a little severe,” Bledsoe said.
“Stick your head out if you don’t want blood running down your neck. Hurry up and kneel.”
Bledsoe almost didn’t. This is above and beyond, he thought. I’ve had more than enough humiliation for one hunt. Auditioning. Getting belittled by Rose. And betrayed. Laughed at by Lansing’s fan club. I deserve worship, not this. Fine, play by their rules until you change the game.
Bledsoe knelt. Frog wrung out the swayback over Bledsoe’s head. Bledsoe shut his eyes. Blood soaked his hair, spilled down his nose and over his ears. The blood was warm. He choked on the smell.
Clots stuck to Frog’s hands as he pulled Bledsoe’s hair and began cutting. Broad strokes that became narrower and more precise the closer he came to the skull. The rancid shampoo somehow got up Bledsoe’s nostrils. Bledsoe pinched his nose. Without his one hand on the ground for stability, Frog’s aggressive grooming bounced Bledsoe’s head up and down.
“Quit bobbing for apples,” Frog said. “I’m no barber. You’ll get cut.”
When Frog finished, it was impossible to tell if he’d nicked Bledsoe or not. Bledsoe’s entire head was lacquered in swayback blood. Even Bledsoe couldn’t tell if his skin had been cut because his scalp was prickling.
“You have one misshapen head,” Frog said. “Kinda comes to a point on top.”
“That’s why I kept my hair long.” Bledsoe spat out pink saliva and kept spitting until his mouth was arid. Sanger poured some canteen water on his head. Bledsoe made the most of it. He walked over to the spot where his rifle had landed. Sanger followed, asking him more questions about Rose.
A covey of dayravens flew east toward the palisades. Bledsoe watched them go by while Sanger interrogated him. It was the sixth covey he’d seen today, but he didn’t bother explaining the significance to anyone.
Frog sat on the ground and dried his hands and his cleaver with dirt. Nadia stroked her bald head, enjoying the sound of the bristles.
“How long’ve you been in RifleHire?” she said.
Frog coiled some of his waist-length hair around a finger. “Haven’t cut it since.”
“I know that you wanted to start your war with us with Lansing’s death. Why didn’t you kill him outright? I’m not talking about here, this morning. Could’ve done it right outside of guild headquarters.”
“I’ve staked it out. He’s never there,” Frog said. The dirt stuck to his bloody hands. He smacked them together like blackboard erasers.
Nadia said, “At transit stations, or ports, or out on contract. That would’ve saved everyone years of grief.”
Frog stood up and sheathed his cleaver even though it wasn’t clean. “His driver’s the only one knows where Lansing’s jobs — Look, I don’t like to be rude, but here I go. Ask me any questions you want, just hold ’em till we’re done here. Ask me on the way back to the gate, ask me on the ship. Ask away. Later. Sometimes RifleHire’s slow about things, especially big things like Lanz. You’ll find that out.”
“That wasn’t so rude,” Nadia said.
They joined Sanger and Bledsoe.
“Are we ready?” Frog said. His rifle was a semiautomatic AR-1 Mjollnir. He loaded the twin mags to capacity, 50 rounds each.
“Bledsoe’s in?” Nadia said.
“One of us,” Sanger said. “In sickness and in health.”
“Cass, come,” Bledsoe shouted. “Cass. Cass, come.”
Cass limped toward them from the northern side of Signal Hill. She wore a lipstick of crusted blood. She was pale except for the two black eyes from Bledsoe knocking her unconscious. Cass saw Bledsoe and her black eyes crinkled in a smile. She limped faster. “Blessow.”
Sanger and Frog both aimed their guns at her.
“Who the fuck is this?” Frog said.
“My partner. Put your guns down,” Bledsoe said. “She’s harmless. See how she’s smiling? Cass, smile. Smile harder. See that? Let her through. We hunt together.”
“Not anymore,” Frog said.
Cass tried to move past Frog but he grabbed her by the arm and threw her down.
“She’s no threat, can’t you see that?” Bledsoe said. “What harm can she do you? She helps me. You inducted me, you inducted her.”
“We don’t allow assistants,” Sanger said. She circled Cass. “How the hell did she get up this morning? She’s shaking like she’s got a fever. Look at the blood on her lips, I’m assuming it’s hers. No helpers, Bledsoe. You think they’ll make an exception for you? Shit, Nadia’s got seniority over you.”
Bledsoe said, “The best tracker you’ve ever seen. Right, Cass?”
Cass looked up at Bledsoe and shook her head with him.
“Her nose is small,” he said, “but it’s — ”
“It’s broken,” Frog said. “Someone shot her, decided that wasn’t enough, so they gave her two shiners? Who was it, the QB? If it was him, I’m glad he’s dead. She’s in no fucking shape, Bledsoe. Bledsoe, we can’t.”
Bledsoe raised his rifle against Frog. “She comes with me, wherever I go.”
Sanger pointed her Holland & Holland Cerberus at Bledsoe. “Back it up,” she said.
Frog slowly turned his head toward Bledsoe. “I’ll bury you together. That should keep you happy, you and your tracker.”
“You didn’t tell us about a sidekick,” Sanger said. “You know we don’t allow them. You knew that.”
“Now that I’m in, make me an exception,” Bledsoe said.
“She’s not worth making an exception for,” Frog said. “Look how much pain she’s in.”
Nadia killed Cass with a shot through the eye. Sanger wrested Bledsoe’s gun away.
“It’s settled,” Nadia said. Cass’ death had given Nadia a wonderful spark, but nothing like those exalted few seconds Wren’s death had imparted. Lansing’ll do it, she thought. Killing him, that’s a strong high gonna last and last.
Nadia moved in for Cass’ URC. Bledsoe shoved Nadia with all his strength. She hit the ground on her shoulders. Bledsoe said, “No fucking way. No fucking way.” He took his rifle from Sanger and used the stock to bust Cass’ jaws.
Nadia got up and said, “He’ll come to his senses, see what I did for him. He’ll thank me.”
Sanger pointed her gun at Bledsoe again. “This can wait. You’re in, but there’s one more item we always — ”
“You can wait,” Bledsoe said. “Not one. Not one tooth you’ll get from her.” As Cass’ teeth came free, he thrust them into his pouch.
“Christ, can’t even recognize her anymore,” Frog said. “You keep missing her mouth. I have a rip stick you could’ve used.”
Cass’ hair is long enough, Nadia thought. Perfect seed hair for my new braid.
Bledsoe smiled at Nadia. She reflected his smile with twice the magnitude.
He put Cass’ rucksack over his good shoulder, wearing it like a haversack. He took the scabbard off her. Bury you later, Cass, he thought. Bury you big and right, how you deserve.
He got down, put Cass over his other shoulder, stood. He thought, I’ll put you in the pit, Cass. It’s only temporary.
“Swift solutions,” Frog said. “Sorry, Bledds, can’t say I disagree with Nadia. Vote. We don’t wait for tomorrow. We go after Lansing now, and best of luck.”
“As a team?” Nadia said.
“Fuck teams,” Sanger said. “We split up and stay that way this time. I’m not sharing the glory.”
“If you bag him,” Frog said.
“When I bag him,” Sanger said. “I vote yes.”
“Aye,” Nadia said.
“Now we go our separate ways,” Frog said. “I’m calling north.”
“East,” Nadia said.
“South, then,” Sanger said.
“And me?” Bledsoe said.
“West,” Sanger said. Her gun was still pointed at him.
“More frat games?” Bledsoe said.
“Your favorite thing,” Sanger said. “You didn’t tell us.”
“Cass was my favorite thing,” Bledsoe said.
“Destiny prevails,” Frog said.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 27

Lansing was grateful for the twist trees. Because of them, Herk wouldn’t need a whole lot of cleaning up or burying. He hooked his arms around Herk’s torso and dragged him deeper into the grove. The corpse didn’t trail any blood. Lansing’s rifle had been on the lowest setting, and, like a bad houseguest, the bullet had gone in without leaving.
Twist trees were skinny enough to pull out of the ground with little effort. Lansing tore out an adjacent row of six. He stripped Herk’s Dragunov. He isolated the trigger mechanism, placed it in Wren’s rucksack to throw away later. He dropped the parts of the rifle into the footprints of the twist trees. Then he unlocked Herk’s armor, hung the sections from branches, put Herk in the footprint of the trees, and forced the trees back into place. Soon, they’d be tapping Herk for moisture. Lansing knew swaybacks would find the body but didn’t think they’d leave enough of it to scare off any brindles.
Herk’s orange armor was too bright, so Lansing knocked the sections off the branches, onto the ground. He rubbed soil and grass on them.
The only swaybacks around were the trio who’d died from exhaustion. Lansing considered using them as bait to lure some brindles. Then he thought, Would be disrespectful. Swaybacks have been abused since the contract started. Wren’s charity, forcing me to kill five. Goggles here, coercing them to murder. A disgrace. They do fucking stink, though. Like three goddam sacks of compost. Why haven’t they been eaten by the rest? What’s wrong with these three? Did the others smell Herk on them, in them?
There was another smell. Lansing’s blood. There was a bite on his neck he’d recently noticed. It had stopped running but was still wet. On his rifle’s lowest setting he’d have to get close to the brindles, and he knew he wouldn’t get close smelling of blood.
The three swaybacks were already barrel-midge playgrounds. Lansing stood over the fattest corpse and, with his bayonet, cut off one of its legs. More disrespect, he thought as he squeezed the limb and drenched the swayback bite in swayback blood.
Gonna have to hope it wasn’t carrying the pox, Lansing thought as he rubbed more swayback blood on his side to mask any hint of Wren. He opened his armor. He rubbed swayback blood on the branch-tip scab, and under and over his armor by the missing microplate.
The toll from this morning’s fall finally echoed throughout his body. His arms and legs were refusing to straighten. His breaths became shallower and harder to hold. He felt as if he were wearing Klaxon earrings. A pronged flank strap was burrowing into his back. Keep moving, stay limber, he thought.
He ran eastward. Grey dots milled at the base of the palisades three miles away. Lansing glanced at his watch — 13:20.
There was a dip in the ground to his left where the leisurely strip of land angled down around Signal Hill to the lake. He peered over the ledge and saw the van twenty feet below.
Lansing lowered himself. The van’s underbelly rested directly on the slope, its AG stilts busted. The windshield bowed inward with bullet holes. The doors were all open, the water tank’s spout broken off.
The rear of the van had been looted. Lansing pictured its contents in a mound on Rose’s grave, in the pit with Wren, beside the trio of dead, exhausted swaybacks. Each of these locations made about as much sense to him. None.
The dashboard was dented with blows from sharp joints, elbows and knuckles and knees. The front seats were hairy with swayback fur. The Brutes were gone. There was nothing left of them, no blood, no skin. Lansing imagined their deaths, a dozen swaybacks in the cab growling, subduing, munching. A pocket biomass whereabout was caught between some seat cushions. Lansing put the whereabout on the floorboard and smashed it with the Bedoui’s stock.
There was a puddle of rainwater in the van’s shadow. Lansing got the bandana from Wren’s rucksack, laid it over the puddle, and drank the water through the cloth. After a few sips, the cloth was clogged with glass. Lansing cleaned the bandana by snapping it. He climbed back up the ledge.
Two brindles plodded by, heading west toward the preserve’s entrance. They were the sickest brindles he’d seen on the whole contract. Distended muscles warped their legs and their gait. Their hides had gone white. So much saliva poured from their mouths that Lansing expected them to drown before he could test the Bedoui’s reach on its lowest setting.
He took his first shot thirty feet from the nearest brindle. It should’ve been a killshot, dead center through the beast’s heart, but it wasn’t enough. The mare lost her step, found it quickly, and kept pace with her friend. Lansing came after them, and, twenty-five feet from the wounded mare, he fired again. The beast tumbled and died.
On the Bedoui’s quietest setting, twenty feet was the proper distance. The second mare was felled with a killshot taken twenty feet away. He threw grass on their hides, not to cover his dye but out of respect. He would’ve preferred the brindles incinerated. On less comprehensive contracts Lansing usually attended to his own kills. To Lansing, an adversary’s death marked the end of a pact. Both parties might not have agreed to the pact, yet Lansing felt duty-bound to carry out its terms. This involved the decent burial of quarry by the hand that slew it.
Lansing refused contracts where the hosts demanded the targets rot in the open. Sympathetic hosts offered carts (refused), diggers (accepted), portable pyres (accepted), teleport blankets (refused). One sentimental culture had given clergymen to Lansing, to pray with him over the dead animal afterward.
The remaining brindles would have none of these benevolences. Over 200 brindles left, most of them diseased, certain to end up food for swaybacks. Another obscenity on a vulgar contract, Lansing thought.
He needed to make an ammunition assessment soon. He wasn’t sure if he had 200 cartridges left, certainly not 200 for the Bedoui. There were Bedoui mags in his armor’s pockets, but there were more in the rucksack he’d lost. The .348s in Wren’s rucksack for his Winchester were useless to Lansing. Wren’s rucksack also had .35 Remington cartridges for the Marlin. Lansing supposed that the contract might hinge on his Marlin. He hated the Marlin, detested the idea of a backup weapon. He felt it was cheating though on contracts this large, cheating with a Marlin was necessary.
Three coveys of dayravens flew overhead, going east. Two trains of furless rorkes by the northern fence followed the dayravens’ lead.
Lansing immediately dissected this development, that the stress from the hunt was driving the smaller animals east. Like the insect exodus, only larger and more telling. Swaybacks would be next, in droves. The multispecies diaspora was disturbing the brindles. The two he’d just killed were maybe the first to come down from the palisades, but more would be coming. All of them would be coming. If any made it past Signal Hill, the contract was over.
Two days to keep them on this side of the hill, Lansing thought. This side of Signal Hill and put them down. Blood’s the answer. My own, or someone else’s.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 28

Lansing was drifting south when a hovering jeep pulled up in front of him. Lansing walked around it and kept walking.
The man in the jeep shouted, “Hey, Lansing. Lansing, you better stop or I’ll shoot you in the back.”
Lansing stopped and turned around with lazy disinterest.
The man in the jeep waved his rifle. “Creery,” he said.
Lansing gave him a perplexed look.
“Creery.”
Lansing had nothing to say, and said nothing.
“You’ve heard of me, of course.”
“Not once,” Lansing said.
“Quit fucking with me,” Creery said. “My feelings’ll get bruised.”
“Never heard of you,” Lansing said. “Shoot me or let me leave.”
Creery climbed out of the jeep. He politely pointed his rifle at the sky. “I’d have been here sooner but I was dealing with problems on the other two preserves. Told Eccles he’d just have to wait. You’ve heard of me. I’m Wildernesse’s only hunter.”
“Not at the moment.” Lansing checked his mag to make sure it wasn’t empty and that the aeration crank hadn’t shifted.
“Okay,” Creery said, “I’m Wildernesse’s only full-time hunter. I take care of all the brindles.”
“Not now you don’t. Go back to Preserves 1 and 2, they need you more than I do.”
“You’ve never heard of me?”
“Never, and while you and I keep repeating that, I’m losing precious time here.”
Creery aimed his rifle at Lansing. “Eccles said — ”
“Eccles says a lotta things. You work for him, you should know that.”
“Said I’m to take over. Make your peace with the idea. Stay and help if you want. I could use the extra gun, honestly. Especially if you’re any good with it. Do you have much experience? Some experience? We can ride in the jeep, make things a lot easier on us. But I’m in charge.”
“Have you ever killed any? Brindles?”
“No, not killed. Eccles won’t allow me. But I’m a trained gamekeeper. Chased and corralled hundreds of them. Worked the slaughterhouses, too. That qualifies me.”
“How long you been on Wildernesse? What kinda accent is that?”
“My accent’s unimportant. What’s important is I was brought here a while ago to keep the order and you, my friend, are being disorderly.”
“We were paid to do a job,” Lansing said.
“Not like this,” Creery said.
“Seriously now, how many years?”
“Came here twelve years ago.”
“I been here a week, and I’m more qualified.”
“Let’s hunt these things together. Together we can do this.”
“Together we can’t. Go home.”
“I’m in charge.”
Lansing suddenly saw Sanger walking toward them. When she was upon them, Creery said, “Nadia, convince Lansing that my gun’s a fine addition to your hunt.”
“Yeah, Lansing,” Sanger said. “Let this guy join us.” She stopped at the jeep’s front corner. “Whoever he is, he’s got a rifle.”
“Creery,” Creery said. “Doesn’t anyone know who I am? Lansing, why are you pointing your gun at her? Isn’t she a teammate?”
“She’s a lotta things,” Lansing said, “but she’s not Nadia.”
Creery said, “Then who in th — ”
“This hunt got real complicated real fast,” Lansing said. “Which is why I keep telling you to leave.”
“Not gonna happen, not with the two of you in my jeep. Three guns, we can finish by dinner. Her gun is gigantic.”
“Are we talking about anything besides brindles?” Sanger said. She stared at Lansing, then Creery, then back to Lansing.
“Why won’t you listen to Eccles?” Creery said to Lansing. “Or me?”
“How many times do I have to say it in how many different ways?”
Creery looked around. “I don’t see any brindles.”
“They’ll be coming,” Lansing said.
“Are there at least any other hunters left?” Creery said.
Sanger pointed her gun at Creery. “Lansing’s right, it’s safer if you leave. We have business.”
“This is nonsense, all of it,” Creery said. “I’m not following this conversation and I’m a part of it.”
“Apart from it,” Sanger said.
Creery said, “Lady, whatever your name, look out!”
A brindle crashed into Sanger, and she took air and landed on her side. Two other brindles circled her. When Sanger flinched or tensed, preparing to run, the bulls rammed her. With every blow, Sanger’s loose hair shot forward like seaweed. Her Holland & Holland lay on the ground two dozen feet away. Sanger’s armor protected her from serious injury, but Lansing knew it was also prolonging the attack. If she bled, the beasts would run.
Lansing came toward the brindles, the Bedoui up against his cheek, his legs bent, walking with the stiff grace of a burglar. Some of that grace was unintentional; his neck and shoulders were threaded with wood. He couldn’t tell if the stiffness was the result of his fall, his disease, or exhaustion.
Clouds were stretched across the late-afternoon sky. Sixty yards behind Lansing was the preserve’s southern fence.
Sanger saw Lansing coming. Her eyes opened wide, then wider as the brindles struck again.
Too far, Lansing thought as he approached quietly. He scanned the area to his left and right. He thought, Bledsoe and his tracker have probably joined RifleHire by now. That’ll make five.
Sanger groaned during the bulls’ next barrage. “The fuck you waiting for?” she yelled at Lansing, and assaulted the brindles with a barrage of her own, a futile flurry of punches and slaps. “Quit waiting and shoot.”
“Close enough now,” Lansing said.
The brindles turned around. Lansing put a bullet through their chests.
“You were waiting for what?” Sanger said.
“Le coup juste,” Lansing said.
“Va te faire foutre,” Sanger said. The black coloring had been gouged from the front of her armor, exposing the grey alloy of the horizontal bands. She took in a deep, refreshing breath that came out a broken, painful cough.
Lansing picked up her H&H and ejected the chambered cartridge. He pocketed the cartridge and the three mags, then threw the gun to Sanger.
“A real gentleman,” Sanger said, tucking her wild hair into her armor. “Enjoyed watching me get pulverized?”
Lansing walked to her so they were less than twenty feet apart. “I noticed Nadia’s wearing your uniform,” he said. “From over by the fence, I thought you were her. I would’ve enjoyed that more.”
“Not as much as she did, killing the cornerback. Might wanna turn around.”
Seven infected brindle calfs were ambling toward them from the east. Dark mucus poured from their nostrils. Their skin was grosgrained with lesions.
“They heard those bulls tryna kill me,” Sanger said. “Go on, shoot ’em. Or are you no good from forty yards? Have to get up close, that your trick?”
Lansing offered Sanger three cartridges from one of her mags. “Load your gun. These three only.”
Sanger didn’t take them. “The fuck you want from me? Help? Help on your contract? The brindles are yours. I didn’t come off the ship for brindles.”
“You’ve got three on your left,” Lansing said. “I don’t see you loading.”
“All seven’s too much for you?” Sanger said. “Too much for you. You like it up close, and up close seven’s too much. No one could be that fast.”
Lansing pushed the Bedoui’s muzzle deep into her cheek. Sanger took the three rounds, rotated the barrels to fit the cartridges, and loaded them like a slow, flamboyant mime. Lansing stepped back so he was outside her peripheral vision.
“Don’t fire till I do,” he said. “Try and shoot me, I’ll put you down before you swing an inch my way. The three on the left. Can you manage that?”
“Just ’cause you didn’t want me in the guild doesn’t mean I’m no good. Although you deserve to be shot more than these — ”
“That’s why I didn’t want you in the guild,” Lansing said. “Wait for me to shoot first.”
“I hate waiting,” she said and fired into the air three times. Lansing flipped his rifle around and bashed Sanger on the side of the head. Her shattered cheek sent bone needles through her left eye. She teetered like a weather vane, her legs buckled, and she hit the ground.
The brindle calfs accelerated. The closest one was thirty-five feet away. Sanger patted the grass, searching for her H&H. Lansing took her by an arm and tossed her like a garbage bag. The beasts darted after her, the seven of them fanning out, making better targets. Lansing dropped the three brindles in front. The other four hopped over Sanger and, once past her, kept running.
Lansing chased them down. He spined the slowest calf. She brayed and landed on her breast. Lansing tagged the next two brindles. Killshots both. The last brindle was only mildly sick and still had some speed. Sixteen feet away. Seventeen.
Sanger jumped on Lansing’s back and choked him with her gun. The brindle calf veered left. Sanger pinned her rifle in the crooks of her elbows. She pulled the hair on the back of Lansing’s head, putting his chin up at the sky. She crossed her legs over his waist and scissored them closed.
Lansing estimated the brindle’s position and fired. He elbowed Sanger in the gut. Her legs went slack but the rifle garrote remained in place. He elbowed her again and she let go. Lansing tested his throat with a few full breaths.
His blind shot had been on the mark, the seventh brindle was dead.
Sanger dragged herself toward the H&H. Lansing dropped his gun, clasped his hands together, and whacked Sanger in the neck. Intoxicated with adrenaline, he’d hit her too hard. Sanger’s head snapped forward with a loud crack. She vomited, then lay still. Lansing checked her pulse. Her heartbeats were growing lighter, and longer in between. He knew she’d be dead within an hour.
He looked toward the jeep for Creery. The man was gone but his rifle, forgotten, lay on the ground.
Raindrops stung Lansing’s face. He opened Wren’s rucksack, found the syringe and the bottle of blood thinner. He filled the needle with the entire bottle and injected it into her carotid. Sanger vomited again but didn’t regain consciousness. Lansing slapped her face, rubbed her neck, shook her body, trying to get the medicine to circulate faster.
He stored the empty bottle and syringe in one of her pockets, sheathed his Bedoui, stashed her H&H in Wren’s rucksack, put it on, carried Sanger over to the southern fence. The links were slick with sharp rain. Lansing put Sanger over his left shoulder for the climb.
The sky darkened as more clouds gathered.
Lansing felt something in his left arm die. He was too high up to trade Sanger from left to right. He was even higher when a wounded brindle plopped down against the fence. The enormous hole in its chest was hours stale.
Lansing wondered who’d let it slip away, Bledsoe or Nadia or Frog.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 29

The swift carrier Sleipnir was in a fixed orbit over Wildernesse’s north pole. Five fledgling RifleHires were sitting in a semicircular booth in their designated corner of the ship.
“So when do we go down?”
“Karr, would you stop?”
Karr and Sincavage were sitting on the booth’s end seats, practically face-to-face. The three apprentices between them had been watching the debate from left to right to left.
“If Sanger had any faith in us,” Sincavage said, “she wouldn’t have ordered us to stay. We would be down there.”
“Fuck her and her orders,” Karr said. “Something’s wrong.” He looked at the other three. They nodded, but Karr could tell they were insecure. With a finger he stabbed the glowing map of Wildernesse under the table’s glass. “Something’s wrong and we, Sincavage, look around, we seem to be the only ones to help. It’s Lansing down there. It’s fucking Lansing. I’m beginning to think you don’t know who he is.”
Sincavage threw up his hands. “You’re proving my point.” The other three nodded, harder this time. Karr sneered at them.
“Lansing,” Sincavage said. “The guild’s best, and you wanna waltz onto that preserve, hunt him down? Put a bullet in his face? There’s no one at this table with that kinda skill.”
Karr stabbed the map again. “Don’t speak for me. Don’t ever. You don’t know what I’m capable of.”
“Put a bullet in his face when we haven’t heard back from Sanger or Herk. Or Frog.”
“Now you’re proving my point,” Karr said. “What a coup it would be.” He gave the map the pointy finger once more.
“Would you stop doing that?” Sincavage said. “You’ll break the glass, it’s brittle.”
“This is what he’s worried about,” Karr said. The other three chuckled.
“We can always move to the bigger booths,” one of them said.
“Not if we want a reprimand,” another one said.
On the bigger booths, and written on every hatch, was the Greek phrase Molon Labe. King Leonidas’ answer to Xerxes when Xerxes ordered him to drop his spear. Molon Labe. “Come and take it.” It was RifleHire’s motto.
Sincavage said, “Sanger wouldn’t want — ”
“Sanger wouldn’t want, Sanger wouldn’t want, Sanger wouldn’t want,” Karr said. “Are you sleeping with her?”
Sincavage drummed his fingers on the table.
Karr said, “It sounds like you’re sleeping together. Her door swings both ways. It’s Lansing. Think about that. Think for yourself, this one time. We’d be heroes.”
“And you’re ready for a hunt, for a real hunt,” Sincavage said.
“This coming from the man who single-handedly killed the giant slag?”
“That was a case of right place, right time.”
“And it made you Frog’s favorite.” The map suffered another stab. This time, Karr did break the glass. “Well, I’m nobody’s favorite. Everyone else at this table, they’re no one’s favorites. That’s why we fly down.”
“I’m not flying down. Frog still hasn’t shown me how to use a homing round. There’s a hundred things we haven’t been shown.”
“Like bravery.”
The others laughed.
The flagship code beeped from the communications console, but they were forbidden to go near it.
Karr said, “What makes you think the four of us won’t overpower you?”
Sincavage drew his pistol from his shoulder holster and laid it on the broken glass. It was a Beretta Model 90XXX, semiautomatic. Of the five fledglings in the booth, only Sincavage was allowed to own a gun because Frog was so impressed with him, trusted him. “Any one of us can reach for it,” Sincavage said.
They were silent for a while. Everybody was looking at the Beretta.
“You wanna get kicked out,” Sincavage said.
Karr said, “I wanna help. Being aggressive will help.”
“No, what you’re saying is you wanna get booted, ’cause that’s what’ll happen. Sanger will rip up your papers in front of us and drop you at the nearest way station. You’ll make for a good example.”
“We can go down, and we can help. We’ve each of us got our own specialties. Let’s use them. The others aren’t back yet. If they’re as good as you think, as we all think, why aren’t they back? With Lansing’s corpse?”
“They shouldn’t need our saving,” Sincavage said. Lower, “Maybe we shouldn’t be flying down because we’ll advance faster without them.”
Karr said, loudly, “So you wanna leave them to languish?”
“Languish? They’ve got, what, sixty or seventy years of experience between them? There’ll be no languishing.”
“Then this is what it’s really about. It’s about esteem. You think not flying down, letting them die, you’ll be promoted faster.”
Sincavage thought about grabbing the pistol. He said, “You know how hard it is to get advanced. We should think about that. I wanna become a general in as few notes as possible.”
“Now we see the root of our disagreement,” Karr said. “I wanna become a general as slow as possible, through as many hunts as possible, the right way. You realize how long most generals last? Not overly long. I wanna be prepared.”
The pilot walked to their booth. He looked at the five of them and said, “I’ll take you down in the shuttle tomorrow if you want. I’m in the middle of some urgent calculations for the flagship right now.”
Karr stole the pistol off the table before Sincavage. Karr said, “Come and take it.”
Sincavage said, “I don’t think I will just now. Later.”


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 30

The other side of the fence. Lansing lowered Sanger to the ground. She was dead. She’d exhaled her last breath in Lansing’s face as he’d maneuvered her body over the fence’s backbone. A sour breath rich with vomit and tobacco.
Lansing jumped down. The fence links chimed like wineglasses at a wedding banquet.
He carried Sanger in his arms — a Gothic groom and his dead bride — while looking for a suitable place to rest her body.
The flora on this side of the fence was much more ambitious. Trees, shrubs, and plants devoured nearly every inch of soil and air. Creeper vines lightly tugged on the fence like caged refugees.
Lansing bent under the vines and branches and stopped by a large, oval stone. It was inches from the fence, slanted on one end and completely out of place. He removed Sanger’s backpack and laid her on the stone faceup, her feet hanging off the stone’s higher side. He put her right hand over her head and angled her body so that her fingers pointed at the ground.
He pulled her H&H from Wren’s rucksack. When he engaged the safety, all three barrels irised closed on the breech end.
Lansing held Sanger’s right hand like a grieving husband, stroking and kneading her skin. Sanger’s middle finger was fatter than the rest. Lansing cut it off with Wren’s Fairbairn-Sykes, put the digit inside one of her barrels, then slid the muzzle of the same barrel over the knuckle stump, to catch her blood.
He looked through her backpack and found three muzzle caps. He placed these aside and continued looking. There were also a digital handheld, clean undergarments, freeze-dried meal packets, tweezers, a plastic comb, a plastic bottle of mouthwash, and more. What was the most interesting was a platinum dildo engraved with “For Valerie, Love” in a black case lined with red felt. Lansing left all these items in her backpack. He added to it the three mags he’d taken from her earlier.
He sat down beside the rock. The steady rain was dulled by the thick leaves overhead. Lansing rolled his shoulders and neck. The stiffness was gone.
This wouldn’t be the first time he’d passed an evening next to a dead animal.
Sanger wasn’t the only dead animal nearby. Sibling wind and rain brought over the funk of the seven brindle calfs Lansing had killed. The eighth brindle, the wounded bull by the fence, was only five feet to Lansing’s left. He could see the beast’s chest trembling for breath.
Lansing hoped Wren’s medicine was slowing Sanger’s decomposition. It had succeeded in thinning her blood, which flooded into the muzzle. The first barrel was brimming with Sanger’s watery liquor in less than two minutes. Lansing started her on the second barrel and covered the first with its muzzle cap.
He unbuckled his torso armor and peeled it off. He got the tweezers from Sanger’s backpack, lifted his arm, and felt around for the branch scab. Best to leave it alone, he thought. I go spelunking for the branch tip, I’m liable to clip a vein.
The scab on his neck was larger than he expected, but the swayback crust was still holding.
Lansing returned the tweezers to Sanger’s backpack, put his armor back on. His left arm was numb, so were his legs. Yet the flank strap and Klaxon earrings were gone. I’m getting better and worse, he thought.
Sanger’s hand was ready for the third barrel. Her blood began to dribble rather than flow. The rain intensified. The prismwood leaves in Wren’s rucksack were wrapped in a blanket at the top. Lansing hadn’t seen Wren use the blanket, figured Wren was too embarrassed as Lansing and Nadia didn’t bother with one. Lansing put the blanket over his head.
The coarse downpour chopped through vines and leaves, pelting Lansing with annoying accuracy. It minced Sanger’s exposed face, robbing Lansing of her dwindling blood. He tucked her left hand under her body, shook the water and contents out of her backpack, and put her head inside.
The blanket smelled of Wren and prismwood leaves. It was more pleasant than what had been bombarding Lansing’s nose all day, the stink of rampant sweat. Body odor was one of the few odors Lansing found offensive. He was particularly sensitive to his own.
Lansing crossed his legs, closed his eyes. He knew Sanger’s teammates weren’t creative enough to search for him outside the preserve.
He didn’t feel remorse over her death. His remorse was for the way her death affected his plans. Bledsoe and the others probably heard the three Fuck You shots Sanger had fired into the sky. That meant they were on their way over, and Lansing would have to stay put all night. Makes no difference really, he thought. Can’t do what I need in all this rain.
He slept for two hours and woke up plastered in shredded foliage. The blanket was soaked, his armor was cold, but he was comfortable. He’d been immune to the discomfort of rain since being held prisoner by a hostile sea on the monsoon planet Nekyia. A hasty trap failed, an overburdened levee gave way, and Lansing spent nine hours fighting toward a shoreline that was being rewritten second by second. The three hunters with him (another committee hunt) didn’t fight as hard and drowned together. His water phobia had been born on Nekyia.
Lansing dusted off Sanger’s hand. She’d donated enough blood to fill three-quarters of the third barrel. The knuckle stump on her missing finger was glazed with puce effluvia. Lansing stoppered the second and third barrels with their muzzle caps, put her right hand under her body, with the left.
The smell of prismwood leaves from the blanket teased Lansing’s hunger. He ate his way through a quarter of Wren’s hoard. He could’ve eaten all the leaves, but he knew it would be gastric suicide to binge on too many. In Wren’s rucksack were the hard cheeses, dry sausage, herring and anchovy fillets, rice cakes, and the other items they’d dined on in the van. Lansing ate some of them. He saved more than he ate, for the coming days.
Cottony moss was growing on the side of the stone. Lansing scratched off a few handfuls. The moss had no nutritional value, and no flavor, but it oppressed the growing riot in his stomach. He didn’t want Sanger’s freeze-dried meals. He didn’t want anything of hers except her blood.
He leaned the H&H against the stone, resting it in a nook of scratched moss. He felt an urge to clean his rifles, but in the rain and with all the leaves, it was too impractical a task. His facial hair was growing in, but shaving was another impracticality.
Bored, he opened Wren’s rucksack again. The topmost contents were Wren’s tooth pouch, the food, and his canteen. Lansing drank from the canteen. It was almost full. Lansing thanked Wren. Below the canteen was a trigger net similar to the one Lansing had seen on Wren’s Winchester. This net was older and worn down to the stitching. Lansing tried to fit his hand inside, but the strap was too small. And his hands were twice the size of mine, Lansing thought.
Below the strap was a tube labeled “Hydrocortisone.” Instructions were printed on the bottom: “Patient not to exceed 1 dose every 2 days. In addition to desired relief and reduction of swelling, cream may cause skin to rupture and/or loss of motor control. 50 applications in tube.” The prescription was dated a week prior to their arrival on Wildernesse. The tube was nearly spent.
Below the tube were items found in most guild members’ rucksacks. After those was a leather journal with the words Lectio Divina printed on the cover, and a pen. Lansing flipped through the journal at random:
“… to approach amphisbaenas catty-corner because they strike with both …”
“… it jams, ignore the manual, use a stick or a needle …”
“… and aim for the flock. Choose a bird, give it a long lead, and don’t shoot till …”
Toward the end of the journal: “… cause I was stupid. The brindles didn’t fall for that trick. Nadia was wrong. Lost three kills because I listened to her and not what I …”
The blanket was leaking water. Lansing ripped blank sheets out of the journal and dried his face with them.
A loaded syringe was buried at the bottom of the rucksack, perhaps forgotten by Wren. Lansing put everything else back and injected the H&H’s barrels with the last of Wren’s thinner.
Water dripped down Lansing’s back. Another missing microplate, he thought.
Some of Nadia’s things were in the rucksack, but Lansing ignored these.
Voices came through the rain. Lansing sat still.
“Five, six, seven,” Frog said. “Seven brindle calfs here. Every one Lansing’s. Storm has washed out the gold, but they’re Lansing’s.”
“And Lansing?” Nadia said.
“Around, has to be,” Frog said. “Eight,” he called out, walking toward the brindle by the fence. He put his hand on the bull’s rump. Its eyes opened, but Frog was facing Nadia and Bledsoe. “No dye on this one either. He’s cold. A bull, this one. Dead for quite a while, I’d hazard.”
“They’re all cold,” Bledsoe said. “They could be yesterday’s. They’re meaningless.”
Nadia said, “We all heard something, otherwise we wouldn’t have run into each other on the way over. Lansing was here and gone.”
“Weather like this, it spins sounds like a top,” Bledsoe said. “You can be sure of that. About the only thing you can be sure of.”
“What the fuck does that mean?” Nadia said.
“You’re a smart girl, figure it out.”
“I shouldn’t have to figure out what you’re saying, not if you’d say it plainly the first time.”
Frog patted the bull and walked away from the fence. “Here’s good,” he said and threw down a lit globar.
Bledsoe pulled Rose’s bedmat from Cass’ rucksack. He sat on the grass, put the bedmat over his head and used his rifle as a tent pole. “You two are welcome to sleep over.”
Their three rifles kept Rose’s bedmat off their heads. The triangle between their guns drooped with rainwater.
“Your mat smells,” Nadia said.
“Unless you have another,” Bledsoe said.
“It stinks.”
Frog clicked his teeth, cracked his knuckles, rubbed his hands together.
Bledsoe said, “Impatience is a bad trait for a hunter.”
“Impatience? You’re talking to the man who sat in four feet of snow to bag the Glacier Bison. Four feet of acid snow on Godless II for six whole days. I had a wool covering for my rifle, but that wasn’t enough, I had to urinate on my gun to thaw it so it would shoot. By rights, people should be calling me Ram, not Frog.”
“The Glacier Bison, that was about thirty years ago,” Bledsoe said. “You’d have been three, four? It was on Godless I, not II. That was Masson’s hunt. He’s retired, but he retired as a Grand Marksman, you know. He’d gut you for taking his credit.”
“I get the feeling you’re dragging out this hunt,” Frog said. “We bag Lansing, then we’re gone. At RifleHire you’ll get steady money, a steady room, steady contracts. I saw you today shooting at brindles.”
“You’re after Lansing,” Bledsoe said, “and what do you wanna do? Blow your load and take off. You need a little perspective, son. Lansing’s like a unicorn. Find one of those, you wouldn’t shove a shotgun up its ass and call it a day. Savor it, draw it out. Nadia knows what I mean.”
“I’d rather blow my load and take off,” Nadia said. “Lansing’s no unicorn.”
Bledsoe elbowed the rain-filled depression that was sinking the tent. The excess water sluiced down the side of the bedmat. Their rifles stood a little straighter.
“Then why the interest in the brindles?” Frog said.
“He thinks we won’t win Lansing’s tooth count,” Nadia said.
“I think you two won’t win, and Herk and Sanger already lost,” Bledsoe said. “Lansing could be at the front gate right now. Consider that. At the gate, running all the way home. How can he possibly bag every last brindle all on his own? With two days left?”
“I see your point,” Frog said.
“He gets back to the guild,” Bledsoe said. “Couple days later I drop off my tooth pouch. And my tooth pouch’s got more. Considerably more. Consider that. He loses respect, and I mean forever. Guild cuts him loose. They’re ashamed of him because I shamed him.”
“I’m hearing you,” Frog said.
“Keep listening. It’s the new High Hunt. He escapes Wildernesse, it makes no matter. For RifleHire, though, it’s open season on Lansing now, right? Wouldn’t it be more satisfying to keep him on the run a few years?”
“It might be,” Frog said. “He deserves it.”
“Yes. Yes, yes.”
“No, we take him on Wildernesse and leave,” Frog said.
“What’s in his bag?” Nadia said.
Frog grinned and took off Lansing’s rucksack. It was tight on him, especially on the right side where he’d spent so much trouble sewing up the strap he’d shot out in the first place.
“Let’s see.” He opened it up. “Hand towel. A razor and cream, toothbrush and paste. A Sterno. A fucking Sterno? These Amish hunters are a lark. Sunscreen, sunglasses. Bottle of aspirin. A Zippo. A knife. A lotta the usual shit. Cleaning kit for his guns. Pills.”
“What kind?” Nadia said.
Frog glanced at the label. “The fuck knows. Who can read it, the word’s so long. Some kinda coarse rock here, too. Looks like dust on it.”
“I’ll take that,” Nadia said. “How about his watch?”
“Not here,” Frog said.
“Dibs on his watch,” Nadia said. “You don’t need it, you got all his other crap.”
“I’m a completist, I’ll want the whole collection, including any watches.”
“Try your best,” Nadia said, “but I’m gonna get my hands on that weird Patek Philippe, and I’m getting his armor.”
“You’re wrong about the armor,” Frog said.
“Bledsoe, what’d you do with Cass’ body?” Nadia said.
“Left her in the pit for safekeeping, away from swaybacks and brindles.”
Lansing could hear every word. Bledsoe was sitting the closest to him but was mostly hidden beneath the bedmat. But the bedmat was so wet that it clung to his body. Lansing had his choice of shots — head, heart, spine. He also had no guarantees. No guarantee he’d drop Frog and Nadia before they could scurry away. No guarantee he wouldn’t be injured by return fire. No guarantee that killing them improved his chances against the brindles.
The bull near the fence struggled to its feet, fell against the links, rebounded, and cantered toward the bedmat tent.
Bledsoe jumped up and shot the bull. He shouted, “You said it was cold.”
Frog peeked his head out from under the mat. “It was cold.”
“Not so cold it couldn’t get up and charge us.”
“That’s my rifle,” Frog said.
“I grabbed the nearest one.”
“Apologize. You don’t fire another man’s gun.”
“It’s a wonder they don’t call you Bullheaded,” Bledsoe said and, with Frog’s AR-1, attended to the other brindles with a cartridge point-blank.
“Now they’re cold,” Bledsoe said. Frog pretended not to hear. Bledsoe added nine teeth to his count. He crawled under the tent and gave the rifle back to Frog, who made it a tent pole once more.
“That monstrosity you call a rifle,” Bledsoe said, “be careful, I couldn’t find the safety.”
“I filed it off,” Frog said.
“How utterly intelligent.”
“You wanna beat Lansing,” Nadia said, “and you’re stealing teeth from kills that aren’t your own. That’s how you’re gonna beat him?”
“The one came prancing from the fence, he was mine. He was fit enough. It’s no stretch to say the rest were sleeping as well.”
“Sleeping with bullet holes through their lungs,” Nadia said.
“Robust creatures,” Bledsoe said.
Nadia put her armor’s hood on, took out the gloves from the left pocket. “I’m gonna go catch Lansing asleep,” she said and stalked off into the rain.
“Not much of a tent now,” Frog said. The bedmat was inches from his face.
“Consider it a poncho,” Bledsoe said, putting on the hood and glove he’d found in Rose’s backpack. “I’m going out for more brindles.”
Frog fell asleep against his rifle like a haggard commuter on the subway. The rifle slipped out from under him. He fell over sideways, snoring under the bedmat.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 31

Bledsoe knew that Nadia was a collector. He’d seen her colorful braid their first night on Wildernesse. She was bald now, but Bledsoe knew what purpose the braid had served. What inner compulsion. The same compulsion that forced Nadia to reach for Cass the moment she’d shot her — going for a URC or a strand of hair. She was a collector.
Bledsoe knew that she liked souvenirs, but what angered him more than Nadia’s drive to pilfer tokens from Cass is that Cass was her second choice. To Nadia, Wren would be infinitely more precious, but Wren was gone, Wren was in the cave and out of reach.
Bledsoe knew she would’ve pulled Wren from the pit right after his murder if there’d been time, if no one else had been around. Bledsoe imagined Nadia taking the corpse to her favorite taxidermist, paying a substantial fee to have Wren stuffed like a prize deer.
But first she’d want a picture of Wren in medias mortis, dead in the pit with the brindles. Her dye glittering on his brain and skull. Incontrovertible, photographic proof. A picture for her album — Bledsoe was certain she kept an album — which was overcrowded with snapshots commemorating her milestone kills, none of them human.
When the taxidermist was finished, Nadia would spend hours filling out a placard with an edited version of Wren’s biography, emphasizing his dangerous life and the bravery of the huntress that killed him.
Bledsoe knew she rented space for her mementos somewhere, a storehouse of favorite hunts. That it would be too expensive to rent a storehouse in the heart of Johannesburg near the guild. That because it was so far away, Nadia couldn’t visit often, and the separation made her uneasy.
Bledsoe knew all of these things because he used to be a collector. In his prime as a collector, Bledsoe saved teeth, hoofs, horns, hides, claws, tails, talons. His braid had been thicker than Nadia’s. His sense of touch used to be the quickest link to his memories. A scarred ear or a sharp fang were time-travel devices. No single trophy was his favorite. They were all shiny from too much handling.
When he lost his arm, the trophies lost their power, as if he needed both hands to complete the memory circuit. Bledsoe stopped paying the storehouse rent. It wasn’t too difficult a decision, his unpredictable schedule only allowed visits every few years. He had shipped his trophies on the go, while traveling, and when he did visit, there were more things to unpack than time to admire them.
Cass was the last thing Bledsoe had collected. He thought, Nadia put her down like a sick brindle. She thinks I’d allow her to go looting on top of it all?
Bledsoe was afraid the other RifleHires were going to be equally psychotic. Six months ago he’d finally courted them out of desperation. They were eager, if not entirely ready, to take him to bed. Yet they accepted wild hunters like Nadia. They promised first-class transport but sent him a ticket for substeerage. Kinzey casually mentioned an audition — “A trifle, a formality, Bledsoe” — but the audition was neither trivial nor formal. The culmination of these reproaches, his induction, had none of the fanfare he felt was his due.
Joining was a mistake, forced upon him but fixable. He extrapolated RifleHire’s personality from Sanger, Herk, and Frog. Preoccupied hunters with fickle allegiances. Bledsoe thought, Kinzey’s late for a pruning. When I’m introduced to all of RifleHire, that’s the time to start cooing propaganda. Point out their solvable defects. Share my scheme for snagging contracts and creating demand. They’re gonna adore me.
They did one thing right, he thought. Hunting Lansing. It’s the best way to start a war, but it would be wrong to kill him. This will be the first guild contract he’s ever failed. Make him fail, soil his record. The guild’s all-star, beaten. His defeat’ll be my calling card. Frog’s eyes are too small. He’ll understand later.
Joining RifleHire was a correctible mistake. Cass’ death was not though it could be avenged. Lansing’s in no danger from Frog, Bledsoe thought. Nadia’s the threat. She’s also a sassy bitch gonna do everything she can to piss on my game. Even if there wasn’t a better reason, I’m doing this so she doesn’t turn Cass’ breasts into a purse.
Bledsoe squatted in the crater near the pit. The rain was less severe. His eyes had acclimated to the darkness. He dipped two fingers into a bandolier pocket for some Wide Awakes. They were all gone. Fucking Rose, he thought, that’s the sixth or seventh time I’ve checked today.
He watched Nadia through his scope. She crept twice around the edge of the pit, testing it with her feet. Can’t see me, Bledsoe thought. But you wouldn’t hear a sirenskiff you’re so excited, aren’t you? Climb on in. You got a ways to go before you get to Cass.
His finger stroked the trigger. Nadia had one leg in the pit, the other bent back over the edge for balance. Her arms were over her hood, a smile on her face.
Bledsoe lowered his gun and accidentally knocked it against his thigh. Nadia didn’t hear. She brought her other leg inside the pit.
Bledsoe flew toward her like a sirenskiff. He clubbed her with his rifle, splitting her skull. She wobbled forward. Bledsoe sheathed his gun, grabbed Nadia by the hood, jerked her out.
Nadia’s knees turned inward. She spoke in gibberish. She groped for her scabbards, trying to get at a rifle. Her fingers couldn’t find the stocks and weren’t working properly regardless.
Bledsoe was going to tell her why he’d done this. She was to blame, she had no place in his hunting world, Cass would be missed.
He said none of these things. He’d enjoyed clubbing her the first time. He unsheathed his gun. The second blow sank through her head like an axe.
He stood over her body, straightened out her limbs. He closed her eyes, but the right eyelid kept popping open like a faulty shutter. “So glad I didn’t shoot you,” he said. “You didn’t deserve it quick. Can you still hear?” He opened Nadia’s armor. Bledsoe cut her face and torso with his bayonet. Deep cuts. “For the vermin, dear. For the vulturous insects. No reason they should have to work extra hard.”
He was stepping away when he saw the key. The darkness made it a tattoo, but when Bledsoe leaned forward he realized it was a key on a necklace. To your storehouse, he thought. He snapped the necklace and put the key in his pocket.
Bledsoe loitered near the body, waiting for flies or swaybacks, wishing he had popcorn and soda. He waited twenty minutes, and when no vandals showed, Bledsoe slipped east.
His tooth pouch had fallen off his belt when he’d yanked Nadia from the pit, but Bledsoe hadn’t noticed.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 32

Frog woke up three hours after sunrise. He woke up with instant pep — tearing the bedmat off his head, scrambling to his feet, rifle at the ready as if he were under attack. The only immediate threat was some residual fog from last night’s rain. He foundered and crashed to his knees because his inner gyro was still asleep. He looked around to make sure no one had witnessed his comic fall. He left the bedmat on the ground, stumbled northeast, and finally found himself a small depression with an ample view.
He didn’t re-zero his AR-1 in case Lansing was around. He didn’t want to give away his location.
He was hungry. He’d already eaten his own food. Lansing’s rucksack had hardtack, hard cheese, granola, flatbread, and jerky. Frog would rather starve than eat from that monastic diet.
To take his mind off the hunger, he mulled the Lansing predicament. He wanted Lansing’s armor. To kill Lansing, yes, but the armor even more. It was said to be skinlike.
Lately, Frog’s career had been on the wane. His standing in RifleHire was slipping. He’d been on some lackluster hunts recently. He’d failed a few of them. Not through any mistakes or lack of ability, but that was the perception. Owning Lansing’s suit would help his return to form. Sanger coveted the suit. He might have to kill her if she got in his way.
He prayed that Rose could work her magic. Widen, lengthen, and heighten the suit for their very different frames. He didn’t think it would be an issue, Rose was too good. Painting it seemed like a wonderful idea, a bright color so everyone could see it better and from farther away. Or emblazoning it with RifleHire’s emblem. Or stenciling it with Molon Labe.
Part of him, the egotistical part, didn’t think he’d ever take it off. He knew he’d have to — for bathing, for sex, for all the things naked bodies needed doing — but the idea of wearing it day and night was damn appealing. He’d definitely sleep in it.
It would need to be soaked clean after his coming hunts, and polished every day between trips.
He often asked himself, How will it feel the first time I put it on? Erotic, he answered. He couldn’t wait for that first time, after Rose’s adjustments, that he pranced onto RifleHire’s flagship. They’d already know that the suit was his, but to see it on him … to see their faces … to see him wearing it … that was going to be a beautiful day. His wearable trophy.
There’d be no guilt. He’d thought about that. It wasn’t as if the armor was stolen. It was earned. And earned from Lansing.
Everyone in the industry admired the suit, and would admire Frog (LK). Those who weren’t hunters, those who were ignorant, Frog would feel obliged to go up and tell them. There’d be a special thrill in that.
More contracts would be coming his way. RifleHire’s clients were guaranteed to choose him over the others. Frog envisioned being booked solid for years. Wondrous and fantastic hunts chasing wondrous and fantastic beasts.
The armor was a doorway. A doorway that would make him a better hunter as well. The suit’s invincibility and its electrical current would keep him safe, help him rise in RifleHire, possibly oust Kinzey. So many RifleHires had so many gadgets, why shouldn’t Frog have the best one?
At least it warranted him more action with RifleHire’s women. It would feel erotic wearing it, but also it would make him look irresistible.
If the mighty, righteous guild didn’t come after him, he’d be surprised. If they didn’t, he knew he’d taunt them. What fun was owning an icon if no one tried taking it from him? He’d be angry, of course. The more guild members he killed, the better. Then he’d have the notoriety he lacked.
He would become a legend. In the poorest of circumstances, he could always sell the suit to keep himself fed and his career alive. In the absolute poorest of circumstances.
Frog could barely wait for Lansing to walk into his field of fire. He had the strongest sense that Lansing would.
*     *     *
Lansing didn’t stir until Frog had woken and left.
He relieved himself, then took a long drink from Wren’s canteen. He ate rice cakes, cheese, and sausage. Put on Wren’s rucksack, wore Sanger’s H&H by its strap over his shoulder, climbed the southern fence onto the preserve. The feeling in his limbs came and went like an uneven tide. He didn’t re-zero his rifles for the same reason Frog hadn’t.
He thumbed off the muzzle cap to the H&H’s barrel with the widest bore and spilled some of Sanger’s blood on the ground. It sat on the damp grass like crimson dew. Lansing tilted the barrel and walked toward the northern fence, drawing a thin line across the preserve.
Curious swaybacks came out to watch. They smelled sauce but no main dish. A few of them pawed the line, digging for buried flesh. Finding none, they loped off. While paying out the line, Lansing reserved part of his focus for sturdy cover. An invisible safety cord connected him to nearby trees, and shrub stands, and hollows.
The H&H’s second barrel went dry near Signal Hill. Halfway between the fences.
Lansing walked over to Nadia’s body before uncapping the third barrel. The swaybacks hadn’t discovered her yet, but when they did, Nadia’s remains weren’t going to yield up much more than an appetizer. She wore a jiggling costume of barrel midges. Her forearms were drilled with holes. Lansing remembered how rigorously she’d been scratching her arms on the evening of day two. Had they laid eggs in her then, while she was alive?
He brushed the swarm from her neck, made an incision to see if he could use her blood to complement Sanger’s, but her neck oozed purple jelly alive with larvae. Useless to bury her, Lansing thought. Lying here, she’ll only be helping me.
A slight eastward breeze chilled the sweat on Lansing’s face. He removed the muzzle cap on the third barrel, found where he’d left off, and continued drawing the line. Sanger’s middle finger dropped out. Two miles to go, Lansing thought. I’m moving too slow, spilling too much at a time. Maybe, maybe I’ll make the palisades by late afternoon, running.
Three brindles sauntered toward him from the east, and stopped. They were beyond the Bedoui’s diminished radius, but Lansing wasn’t disappointed. Caught a whiff of something you don’t like? he thought. Wait there, I’ll come and get all of you in a few minutes.
He threw his imaginary safety cord around an upcoming prismwood and continued north. A bullet tore off his left earlobe and snapped the cord. A second bullet, an anvil round, struck him in the chest and knocked him flat. Sanger’s third barrel spilled the last of her blood on the grass.
Lansing’s head felt like it was being shocked by defibrillator paddles. A sorcerous blacksmith had magically nailed a hundred spikes through Lansing’s torso into the ground. Each spike weighed a thousand pounds. Lansing managed some short, shallow breaths and was punished by the blacksmith with a fresh spike after every exhale. He gagged, then choked, expecting to taste iron shavings on his tongue. The sun stared him in the face for days, never setting. Weeks later, Frog’s face blotted out the sun.
“You think Sanger’s the only one with anvil cartridges?” Frog said. “My rifle’s an AR-1 Mjollnir, for fuck’s sake. Mjollnir. I can see you’re glad about that. I can tell by the way you’re breathing, Mister Raspy.”
He unbuckled Lansing’s upper armor. “Tryna figure out what part of you I wanna wear, besides the armor.” He leaned in. “I’m thinking URC, making a necklace. I’m thinking it would be a bitch and an insult to have it pulled while you’re still breathing, Raspy. I’m thinking Eyetooth, that’s a much better nickname than Frog.”
Lansing grabbed Frog’s braids, yanked on them like bellpulls and banged their skulls together. The defibrillator paddles screeched. Frog fell on him like a building, put his hand on Lansing’s chin, pushed himself up. Lansing gritted his teeth to keep his jaws from breaking.
“Eyetooth it is,” Frog said. He forced his AR-1 between Lansing’s lips, pressing down on the stock and barrel. “A makeshift bit for a wild animal.”
Lansing turned his head to the side, slammed the makeshift bit by the stock and bashed the camo-anodized stock into Frog’s temple. He then knocked Frog sideways with an awkward uppercut.
Frog spun over onto his knees, rifle in hand, ready to shoot. Lansing lashed out with both feet, scaring Frog into firing wide. Lansing grabbed the AR-1 by the breech, dislocating Frog’s trigger finger. Frog wouldn’t let go of his rifle. Frog made a fist with his left hand, a mallet-sized fist, and crossed right for Lansing’s face.
Lansing swerved out of the way. The AR-1, groped by three sweaty hands, sprang out of reach. Lansing had no idea where the Bedoui was. The Marlin was in the scabbard brace, but Lansing had no time to draw it as Frog made a second fist with his other hand.
“Heard your finger pop,” Lansing said. “Connect with the right, you’ll feel it more than I will, Frog.”
“You don’t get to call me that. It’s Gant.”
He came at Lansing like an oscillating scythe, empty roundhouses whistling through the air as Lansing jogged backward. Frog arched forward to extend his reach.
“Some war you started, Frog.”
“It’s Gant.”
“You’re all promises and no follow-through. All of you, Frog.”
“Gant!”
“I’ll follow through, Frog.”
“It’s Gant!”
Frog was overextended and off-balance. Lansing dropped to the ground, tripped Frog, rolled on top of him. Lansing battered Frog’s face with his armored elbow. Frog poked and jabbed and clawed, but Lansing was in too close, Frog couldn’t really see him.
Lansing’s elbow was a rabid piston. He crawled after Frog — piston flying — as Frog attempted to slither away. Frog sobbed, a violation of his manly code that he would regret till the end of his days.
Lansing stood. He stood slower than he would’ve liked. He found their rifles, sheathed the Bedoui, put the AR-1 through his belt. He buckled his upper armor with the detached passion of a whore done with her client.
Gant sat up. He wiped blood off his face.
Lansing said, “You cried.”
“I did not, most certainly did not. That was, it was a grunt. I grunted, I don’t cry.”
“You cried. RifleHire, it’s finished.”
“There’s a whole lot more of us than came to Wildernesse.”
“It’s finished, Gant. After Wildernesse I’m bringing your war home, to your flagship. I’ll find it.”
“You don’t kill people,” Gant said. “The guild’s got standards.”
Lansing pulled the AR-1 from his belt, exposed its bayonet. “That’s my rucksack you’re wearing. Throw it here.”
Gant complied without argument. Lansing dug through the rucksack. He took out Nadia’s flatbread, dug some more.
“You’re looking for those pills,” Gant said, “I got rid of them.”
Lansing removed all the mags, put them in Wren’s rucksack, and returned his rucksack to Gant. “Wear it, you earned it.”
“I most certainly did.” Gant proudly put the bag back on. “Whose rucksack are you wearing? And don’t guild rules forbid you from getting sick?”
“You a righty or lefty?”
“Both. I’m ambidextrous. You may not know what that means. It’s a big word for righty and lefty together at the same time. I don’t normally like big words bu — ”
“Stick out your right hand.”
“So you can shake it? My pleasure. Your pleasure.”
Lansing stabbed Gant’s wrist with the AR-1’s bayonet.
“The fuck is wrong with you!” Gant stanched the wound with his other hand. “And with my gun! I could die from a cut like this, you fucking animal. You’re a fucking wild animal.”
“You won’t die, I missed the major veins. Let it bleed. Let go with the other hand, Gant. Let it bleed. Let it bleed, Gant. We’re walking over there, to Sanger’s rifle.”
He forced Gant toward the puddle by the H&H. Then he shoved Gant north, toward the fence.
“Arm hanging down, that’s it,” Lansing said.
Blood dripped off Gant’s fingers. Every few minutes, the other hand went for the bleeding wrist to cover the wound. Each time, Lansing kicked Gant.
“Can’t help it,” Gant said. “It’s human nature to wanna stop your own bleeding. You wouldn’t understand, you’re not human.”
“A hundred yards more, be as human a being as you want.”
Gant fell and turned himself into a ball. “Why would you — I’m so light-headed — ”
“Get up. I don’t have time for hysterics.”
Lansing prodded him with the Mjollnir.
Gant closed his eyes.
“Get up or I’ll knock you unconscious, drag you the rest of the way. And when I say knock, I really mean permanently damage. A hundred yards and you’re free to go.”
Gant got up and made it to the fence. He leaned against it like a weary pillar. Lansing used one of Wren’s socks to make a tourniquet above Gant’s wrist.
“Too tight on purpose,” Gant said. “Adding insult to insult.”
“Has to be too tight for them to work,” Lansing said. He separated the lower receiver from the AR-1, put the receiver in Wren’s rucksack and hurled the rest of the AR-1 over the fence.
Gant looked at his wrist. “I don’t understand why you did this to me.”
“Because you came here for one thing and I came for another.”
A pack of swaybacks trotted up to them, having followed the fresh bloodletting to its fountain. The largest swayback was wearing Herk’s goggles over its snout. The straps were bunched up, the swayback could hardly open its mouth. Lansing stooped, pulled the goggles off while gently stabbing the swayback with a Fairbairn-Sykes.
The swayback ran off. The others stayed, waiting for Gant to die.
Lansing wiped the swayback’s blood around his bleeding earlobe and bloody elbow. Then cleaned the knife with his fingers and put it back into Wren’s rucksack. Gant hadn’t seen him take it out.
“People like you, right down there with the pedos,” Gant said. “Your balls swell up hurting innocent animals?”
“It’s because of you I had to do that.”
“Should’ve just killed you with a bullet through the eye.”
“You didn’t try? You didn’t miss?” Lansing put Herk’s goggles around Gant’s neck. “They’re probably all that’s left of him. Bury them when you feel up to it.”
Gant glanced at the fence, at the sterile AR-1 on the other side. “I’m a foot taller than you. How did this happen?”
“I’m inhuman.”
“Yeah you are is right.”
Lansing broke Gant’s good wrist, then broke all the fingers on the hand with the tourniquet.
“The fuck! You’re insane! Holy fucking shit! Jesus fucking Christ!”
Lansing tuned him out. He unsheathed the Bedoui, loaded it with a fresh mag, and cranked the breechblock obturation to normal.
Gant stood there screaming like a sideshow barker. Wrist cut, wrist broken, fingers broken, dried blood on his face, dried blood on his chest, another man’s goggles around his neck, another man’s rucksack on his shoulders. Screaming, spraying Lansing with hot spittle.
Lansing raised his gun. The swaybacks jumped aside. “Walk back to the front gate,” he said.
Gant didn’t move.
“The gate. You fancy crawling” — Lansing tipped his chin at Gant’s legs — “I’ll make the arrangements. Walking or crawling. Decide or I decide for you.”
Gant decided to walk. His sideshow bark grew louder, incoherent.
The swaybacks followed behind him, patiently.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 33

Karr and Sincavage had been walking for hours. They could see Signal Hill. The other three fledglings from the booth were too afraid to leave the Sleipnir.
The pilot hadn’t spoken when he flew them down to Wildernesse in the shuttle. Karr and Sincavage hadn’t stopped speaking since the front gate. Karr still had possession of the Beretta pistol, it was tucked into his belt.
“I’ve been listening,” Karr said, “but I don’t understand what you’re saying.”
“Don’t understand or don’t agree with,” Sincavage said.
“Understand. Your logic is off. Lansing is not good for RifleHire.”
“Allow me to explain again.”
“Explain it so I understand it. Don’t dumb it down, though, I’m not stupid.”
“I’ve never thought you were stupid.” Sincavage ran a finger around his empty shoulder holster. “Lansing is, Lansing’s a cause. He keeps RifleHire focused.”
“On killing him,” Karr said.
“He keeps us all focused. The guild, it doesn’t have this kinda togetherness. Lansing maintains our unity.”
“He does?”
“Lansing keeps us hating. Hate is the great unifier. Hate prevents us from meandering. Lansing’s an ongoing topic of conversation. Without obstacles, without debates and a goal, you have no reason to grow, so you stay weak. You’ve nothing to press against to make you bigger and badass. Lansing isn’t only a cause, he’s weights we lift that make us stronger. Let him live, leave him alone, he’s good for RifleHire.”
A pack of swaybacks came by but Karr and Sincavage scared them off. Mostly Sincavage.
Karr looked up at the sun. “It hasn’t moved.”
“Fuck the sun. Do you understand me now?”
“The reason Lansing needs to die,” Karr said.
“Here we go,” Sincavage said.
“No, I was just peacocking up there on the ship. The real reason he needs executing is we’re in a loop.”
“A what?”
“We’ve been going in a circle talking about Lansing since before RifleHire accepted me.”
Sincavage said, “They were right to accept you.”
Karr said, “Thank you. And you, too. I mean, the giant slag, you might never top that.”
“Might not.”
“But it’s a loop. We need another loop, a stronger loop. I’m almost agreeing with you. A better loop, a better obstacle to make us better. Right now it’s redundancy over and over, but we can get past Lansing to something more interesting, something worth striving toward. We won’t just grow, but we’ll expand. Do you see? Only then can we outdo the guild.”
Karr stopped and shielded both eyes with his hands and looked up at the sun once more. “Jesus, she hasn’t moved an inch, not one milli — ”
Sincavage grabbed the Beretta and shot Karr in the face. As Karr fell, Sincavage said, “Come and take it. Molon Labe. You ignorant shit. There is no better and will never be a better obstacle than Lansing.”
He put the pistol in his shoulder holster, picked up Karr, and carried him to a stand of twist trees. “You joined ahead of me, did you forget that?”
Karr wasn’t dead, but he was dying. Gasps came out of the hole where his face had been.
“You were ahead of me, you ass. Now it’s one less note. You really thought the giant slag was right place, right time? I created that whole scenario. How it would unfold, certain somebody would notice. Would rather be someone else’s favorite than Frog, but hey.”
Sincavage dropped Karr in a heap behind the trees, chest down, and shot him where his head met his neck. Holstered his gun again and continued the hike to Signal Hill, where he would wait for Sanger or Herk or Frog. He preferred Frog because, being Frog’s favorite, the situation would be the most lucrative when considering the RifleHire hierarchy. But he wouldn’t mind Herk or Sanger either.
Swaybacks convened on Karr’s body. Sincavage hoped they’d enjoy him thoroughly and completely, from head to toe, leave nothing, no evidence.
He stood at the base of Signal Hill for an hour, among the indentations from Lansing’s fall, the swaybacks’ fall. Staring up at the hill’s top, wondering if he should climb it or not, admiring the broken trees and picturing various scenarios. Sincavage had a genius for scenarios.
Gant appeared from the north side of Signal Hill, having walked down the lesser incline. He yelled, “Sincavage, who allowed you down off Sleipnir?”
Sincavage pulled out his pistol. Gant thought he might shoot him. Then Sincavage holstered it for the third time, smiling as he did so. “Nobody radioed in. I thought I could help.”
“Against Lansing?”
“You think I’m afraid of Lansing?”
“The guy who killed the giant slag?” Gant said. “You came down alone?”
“Karr was with me, but when we got to the gate he didn’t have the wherewithal to follow me in. Coward is probably still by the gate, crying.” Sincavage exuded false concern while he said, “What happened to your face? Your hands? Where’s your rifle?”
“Lansing’s the answer to those questions. You didn’t notice my rucksack. I mean, it’s not mine, it’s Lansing’s.”
Sincavage had noticed but thought it more lucrative for Frog to vaunt about it unprompted. “Jesus,” Sincavage said. “I hadn’t noticed. Jesus, wow.”
“I’ll tell you about it,” Gant said.
“Want me to find your gun? Kill Lansing? Because I will. I’ll do it.”
“What I want is for you to help me to the gate and never tell anyone I asked for your help.”
Sincavage went over to Gant, put an arm around his, steadied Gant as they walked. Sincavage said, “My silence is assumed, you know that.”
“You’ll go far, with my aid,” Gant said.
Or without it, Sincavage thought.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 34

The blisters on Lansing’s feet opened up as he ran. His stoniness was temporarily gone, punctuating the places where the hunt had eroded him: wet blisters, ribs softened to hot glass, chafed knees and elbows and wrists, earlobe gone, wooden branch tip boring through his arm.
Yesterday’s clouds grew longer, held hands.
Swaybacks ran alongside Lansing.
The preserve was less than a mile wide, north to south. The ground was bumpy with peach-colored pebbles, dead skin from the palisades’ brittle face. Its face — 400 feet high, aged with sagging pores and heavy wrinkles — was accented by the converging fences. Its mouth and chin were hidden behind a ridge Lansing intended to use as a massacre perch.
Three galloping brindles kicked up a storm of pebbles to the north. Lansing raised the Bedoui. His swayback fans cringed and fell back. As they receded from Lansing’s peripheral vision, they gave him a false sense of superhuman speed.
He steadied his gun, led the brindles with his scope, and stepped into a covered pothole of excruciating pain. A simple snare had locked over his ankle and cracked his boot, immobilizing him. The trap utilized brindle bones as anchors, screws, and vises.
As he tried pulling himself out, he looked across the width of the field and counted fourteen discolored patches similar to the one he’d stepped through. He also saw Bledsoe running toward the palisades. Lansing didn’t have a clear shot.
With each pull the trap tightened, the pain intensified. Lansing knew he should’ve been more alert, but the snares were more inventive than he’d given Bledsoe credit for.
Once he had been caught in a rotting sepulchrene’s trap. Took him a whole day to figure it out and escape. They were an unknown species, but Lansing discovered they guarded their territory with dozens of traps. As close to the intelligence of man as any beast he’d ever hunted.
The only other time was when he’d accidentally stepped on a spring clamp, built by humans this time, but with his quick reflexes he’d jammed his rifle stock between the metal teeth before they could close.
He didn’t have those reflexes anymore.
Lansing slid the muzzle of his Marlin into a gap between boot and brindle bone, then worked it back and forth. He worked it back and forth for half an hour, each stroke multiplying his pain. The brindle bones eventually snapped.
When he was out, he tightened the boot and tested his foot. It was able to take his weight, but gingerly. But he didn’t have the time to be light-footed. He sheathed the Marlin, unsheathed the Bedoui.
Five brindles appeared on his far right. Lansing dropped four of them. The fifth was moving too fast and Lansing couldn’t turn without falling. The diaphanous clouds overhead were becoming grey and opaque.
Seven brindles on the left. Lansing got four.
Six more on the left, veering toward him. Lansing got five, diving sideways to avoid the falling carcasses.
He scrabbled to his feet and ran east, in agony.
Eight brindles poured down the center of the ridge. Ten. Thirteen. Lansing managed only nine.
The tholeiite pebbles were outnumbered by larger, sturdier rocks. Lansing’s hands were shaking. He concentrated his fire to the north and east, neither missing nor working the rifle’s bolt fast enough. A dozen brindles came down the ridge, fishtailing like trucks. Lansing tagged nine of them.
The peach face of the palisades turned an angry red. Lansing reloaded and climbed the ridge with giant strides. His armor was shifting over his sweaty skin. He dried his palms on his hair and assayed the gully with a quick glance.
The angry red was the reflected glow of a fire that spanned the palisades from fenced corner to corner. Bledsoe paced in front of the quivering red sheet. He fed it red dust that fattened the flames where they were too thin. The gully floor was wavy with crumpled brindles. A hundred other brindles clambered up the side of the gully toward the ridge. An undulating rug of manes and jaws.
Lansing sheathed the Bedoui. The stampede snatched him up like violent parents. He was lifted into the air, squeezed between the running grey blocks. He hooked his arms around two skulls, his armor beating to the percussion of four hundred hoofs. He bent his legs. He accidentally slipped off one of the skulls, and his knees met the ground. He dragged himself forward, clinging to ears and tails, his feet locked together for safety.
Brindle blood and froth and feces sprayed the air. Lansing’s nose flushed the smells with mucus. He choked on his own saliva. The beasts groaned and grunted and puffed in his face. They snapped at his fingers while he used their heads to propel himself forward. The brindles caromed off Lansing and each other, a single-minded mob with one thought: Flee the fire.
Lansing’s feet touched the ground again. His boots were pulled off as he tried to stand. The stampede carried him down to the base of the ridge, let go of him, and dispersed into a confused marathon.
Lansing got to his knees in painful increments. Both Lansing’s boots lay together. He shook the pebbles out, forced his feet inside. He cleared his nose and spat a gob of foul saliva onto the ground.
Unsheathing the Marlin, Lansing climbed the ridge again. The gully was a cold battlefield of dying soldiers. Some of them already dead. Lansing began euthanizing. Starting at the top of the slope, working his way down. Bledsoe unscrewed two more rampage rounds and flung the powder onto the fire. He looked over his shoulder and said, “Don’t bother with them, Lansing. This contract’s ended.”
Not all the brindles were motionless. Some tried, unsuccessfully, to crawl up the ridge away from the heat. Lansing put bullets through their diseased hearts, one by one, row by row.
Bledsoe strolled up the ridge. “I said you can stop now.”
“Go away, Bledsoe.”
“I’m not going away. That was the whole design, me never going away.” He put his hand on the Marlin. Lansing shoved him. Bledsoe fell backward over a dead brindle. “A waste of time,” Bledsoe said, getting to his feet. “How can you possibly bag them all now? How many carried you down the ridge and stormed west? Ninety, a hundred? They’re out grazing on Nadia. They’re trembling by the front gate, Lansing.”
Lansing was halfway down the ridge. By his count, more than twenty sick brindles were waiting for his gun.
Bledsoe stole the tooth pouch off Lansing’s belt, bit the drawstring open, scattered Lansing’s tally across the ridge. “There, go and pick them up. A slave to your numbers, just like the rest of Raab’s club.”
Lansing ignored the lost URCs, focusing on the live brindles. His Marlin was barking like a swayback.
“Don’t be embarrassed,” Bledsoe said. “Look, I’ll turn away so you can get on your hands and knees and pick up your kill teeth like a fucking beggar. Go on, Lanz, Grand Marksman. Lose a little dignity but go home with a bagful. You’re right, so much more dignified killing beasts almost dead already.”
Bledsoe walked behind Lansing like a humpbacked sycophant. “Stop shooting. All this makes no difference. Once it gets out you failed this contract on account of RifleHire. Of Bledsoe. Stop shooting.”
Lansing reached the gully floor and didn’t stop shooting. His flesh tightened as the fire baked his armor. The gully’s rocky floor prevented the fire from stepping away from the palisades’ wall but couldn’t prevent it from straining forward like a chained boxer.
Bledsoe positioned himself between Lansing and a mound of twitching brindles. Bledsoe tapped the mound with his rifle, then aimed the gun over Lansing’s head. “Don’t make me. Just leave. Quit insulting my victory with mulishness. Even you aren’t this hardheaded.” His gun drifted down. “Don’t make it necessa — ”
Lansing jerked Rose’s gun from Bledsoe and threw it into the fire. “You got old, Bledsoe.”
Lansing dodged Bledsoe’s lunge, pushed him aside and killed the twitching mound.
Bledsoe beat Lansing to the last of the gully’s brindles, a coven of wizened mares. Bledsoe kicked their haunches. “Get up. Run. Get up with the rest and go. Stupid fucking beasts. Brainless fucking cattle.” The brindles moaned. Bledsoe kicked harder. “Go, go, go. Lansing doesn’t deserve your deaths.”
“Move outta the way,” Lansing said, “or did you wanna take a bullet for these brindles.”
“Reasoning with you, it’s like explaining philosophy to a child. You don’t have two brain cells to rub together. I brought the pox down on Wildernesse.”
“Pox has been around for centuries. You taking credit for acts of God now? It’s a cyclical virus.”
“It’s five years early. They must’ve told you that.” He kicked another brindle. “I made this contract, I call when it ends. It’s fucking done, Lanz.”
The Marlin was getting warm, so Lansing traded it for the Bedoui. He pointed it at Bledsoe. “You gave them pox?”
“Didn’t have much choice, did I? Put your rifle away with the other one. See how they ran? Blood scares ’em, big fires scare ’em half to death. Of the two, it’s the more reliable motivator.”
Lansing roared, “You gave the brindles pox?”
“You did. The guild, they did. RifleHire wouldn’t have me without an audition. You could’ve been more consistent stealing their business. When I was ready, I made sure they had an opening. That cost me nothing, the price of one cartridge.”
“You jeopardized a species for an audition.”
“How long can I be expected to wait? A few months went by, you didn’t scoop any of their contracts, so I made my own. Had a friend, he’s more of a drug dealer, but an alchemist anyway, had him concoct some variant pox. Almost the real thing. Hell of a time it was getting it down here and getting them infected.”
“Well is there an antidote?”
“At this point? Don’t paint me the bad guy. I’ve lost plenty myself. Cass is dead.”
“A herd,” Lansing said, “sacrificed for you.”
“Not for me. To the guild. High-and-mighty Raab. I chose Wildernesse because, come on, no way Raab was gonna let this job pass by. I didn’t think you’d show. Never thought you would show. It’s beneath you, this hunt. Beneath us both. Cass died. Nadia murdered my Cass. I had to watch. Like she was some mongrel, not a person. Nadia was the mongrel. This contract is done. Go home, Lansing.”
Lansing took a few steps back. “Gave them pox. Soiled the sport again. It was less offensive when you were hunting your own. Man hunting’s more respectable than what you’ve done here. Don’t you see how much worse this is?”
“Why aren’t you leaving?”
The wizened mares got up on their forelegs. Bledsoe jumped Lansing. His one hand, nails ragged, came at Lansing’s cheek. Lansing blocked the hand with his gun. Bledsoe opened his mouth to bite a chunk out of Lansing’s face. Lansing threw him down.
Bledsoe got up just as fast. He put his nails to his own cheek. “If I can’t use your blood to get these girls running, mine’ll do fine.”
Lansing shot him in the forehead. Two more shots — high on the chest and low through the neck — sent Bledsoe tottering backward. The fire gave him a welcoming hug.
Lansing executed the wizened mares. He made his way to the top of the ridge. There were no fleeing brindles in sight. There were the fourteen caught in Bledsoe’s snares; Lansing killed them. He guessed that the rest had hopped the blood line, their peculiar aversion no match for stampede stupor.
Lansing returned to the ridge and sat down. There was too much land, and too many brindles too far apart.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 35

Lansing began clearing the slope of brindles. He clutched their shanks and pulled them down to the bottom of the gully. The first few were the most difficult, their bodies snagging on the dry rocks. Once the rocks were lubricated with blood, the brindles coasted to the bottom. Lansing spent most of his energy fighting the slide, lowering the brindles respectfully, compensating for Bledsoe’s unforgivable abuse.
Two hours later, at the summit of night, the slope’s forty-six brindles lay with the rest of the carcasses in the gully’s elbow. Not all the beasts wore Lansing Gold.
Lansing thought, Bledsoe’s kills, all of them. Every brindle, this whole hunt.
He leaned against one of the beasts. The air was saturated with barrel midges. Lansing couldn’t take a breath without inhaling five or ten. He tried electrocuting them, but his suit’s current wouldn’t light.
Bledsoe’s fire was still burning. Lansing dragged over one of the beasts and laid it down on the fire’s edge. Moving right to left, he dropped the brindles on the flames like sandbags. Until he reached Bledsoe. Bledsoe’s feet were outside the fire and Lansing tugged on them to bring Bledsoe’s face into view.
His skin had liquefied, and his muscles had charred, but his teeth survived, besides his missing URC. Black soot pronounced the scuff marks in the adjoining teeth. Lansing wondered who’d claimed it, and how long ago. Did it himself I bet, Lansing thought. Save himself the humiliation. Probably during The High Hunt.
Lansing pushed the body back into the flames and buried it under a brindle.
The first layer of brindles (nineteen) did nothing to stem the blaze.
Tenderly, remorsefully, Lansing dragged over more brindles.
The second layer (twenty-four) dampened the fire.
The third layer (thirty-one) put it out.
Smoke tendrils tickled the palisades’ face. Lansing licked his finger. The slight eastward breeze was still blowing.
He crouched on the balls of his feet, then leaned forward so that his knees hit the bottom of the gully like anchors.
His instincts were telling him to run. Run, run out into the preserve, shoot all the brindles he could find. End this failed contract on his feet.
He stayed on his knees.
The stones beneath him channeled the vibration of thunder. Lansing tried counting clouds but the sky was too dark.
The partially cremated brindles behind him crackled. The breeze collected in the gully, making it a reservoir once more. Not for water, but for the smell of dead brindle.
Lansing breathed through his mouth.
It was still dark when he heard the first of the brindles return. He fired at the loudest one and used the flash from his muzzle as an intermittent spotlight. He corrected his aim between flashes and toppled the beasts as they came over the ridge. Shooting this way, in darkness broken with blinding still images, was a feat too difficult to maintain. Dozens made it over the ridge. Lansing was forced to shoot from the bottom up rather than from the ridge down.
Each recoil was a virulent reminder that this wasn’t a hunt, it was a catastrophe. His beautiful necessary sport had been perverted by ugly impatience. For the second time in his career, Lansing was ashamed of being a hunter.
He wanted to spare the returning brindles but they were still a threat to the other preserves.
The slight breeze became a strong, sustained gust. It lisped as it passed over his smoldering rifles, as he traded the Bedoui for the Marlin. Then the Bedoui again, then the Marlin again. He shook off Wren’s rucksack so the titanium scabbard brace wouldn’t be covered and could cool faster. He reloaded hastily, slowed by uncooperative hands that stuck to burning barrels and bolts and breeches.
Dozens more came over the ridge. Moved by tricks of scent and wind. Victims.
Lansing felt compassion but showed them none.
Lansing killed them.
He killed them all.
He jogged up the ridge and fired down on the last few too weak to climb.
His fingertips had melted to the Marlin. He’d used the Marlin most because it was more rugged than the Bedoui. He ripped his fingertips free and wiped the blood on his legs. He didn’t think the blood aversion would be a concern any longer.
He refilled his pouch with the URCs Bledsoe had strewn, picking them off the rocks in the dark, using Wren’s flashlight.
He spent the next hour pulling teeth off his kills with his rip stick. Nearly 160 kills. It wasn’t necessary, but he pulled the URCs because it was the only thing about this hunt that conformed to his idea of the sport.
Later, he would clean and oil his rifles, then re-zero them.


~~~~


back to top

Chapter 36

The rain lasted five hours, the longest so far. After tinkering with his guns, Lansing had climbed the palisades to the first cove he could fit inside, though facing outward. The sharp rain that arrived cut his face and hands.
The sun rose with her usual abruptness. She burned off the clouds, then the fog. Lansing climbed down, sat on the ridge, and waited a few hours for stragglers. None showed. Lansing didn’t think any were left. He headed west toward the gate. He was crusted with blood, both brindle and human.
Greedy swaybacks were trolling the preserve in ones and twos. The necessity for packs was gone. Easy meals lay everywhere. Some ate until they threw up and immediately returned to the free meat hanging off the carcasses.
The jeep was broken. Creery’s gun was gone.
Lansing saw Nadia’s new armor by the pit. The armor was empty. Bledsoe had gotten to her first, then the midges, finally the swaybacks.
Lansing looked into the pit. He knelt, took Wren’s tooth pouch from the rucksack, tossed the rucksack into the pit. He clipped Wren’s pouch to his belt, next to his own. Lansing’s pouch weighed six times Wren’s.
Went down Signal Hill’s northern, slower face.
A bulb of brindles was playing in the elevated lake. Lansing raised his gun, but these brindles were speckled with blue and violet ovals. The other herds. The fastest members of the other herds. Lansing expected the lake would be teeming with horny brindles later.
He walked around the mud pond and swam the trough flooded with mountain runoff. His armor drank in water from a dozen holes he hadn’t known about. He climbed out on the opposite end and walked west, unencumbered by the hefty slowness required of active hunting but hindered by his bruised — possibly fractured — ankle.
Chaykin was waiting outside the main gate, his needleship parked on the grass. He was leaning against the nose cone, ankles crossed, arms folded.
“Look at your hands,” he said, “the cuts on your face. You’re always a mess when I pick you up, need a shave, but this is bad. Your face is pale but there’s a darkness under your eyes. Not bags, but darkness.” Chaykin stared, stood straight, unfolded his arms. “Have you lost weight? Are you limping? You missing an earlobe?”
“It was a hard hunt.” Lansing lifted Wren’s tooth pouch off his belt and gave it to Chaykin. “That’s mine.” He gave Chaykin the heavier pouch and said, “Wren’s.”
Chaykin smiled, shook the heavier pouch and said, “You mean this one’s yours.”
“It’s Wren’s.”
“What?”
“He was better than I thought. Had a lot of pride. A respect for the hunt.”
“Lansing, how’s it — ”
“Just put ’em away.”
“Where’s your rucksack?”
“Lost it.”
Chaykin put the URC pouches in the keel compartment. “This is some haul.” He closed it and pointed at the shuttle behind them. “Landed right after me.”
Two men were standing to the side of the shuttle’s entry hatch. Gant, his wrists and fingers bound in splints. The second man, the pilot, Lansing didn’t recognize. He was folding up a ream of white bandages while staring at Lansing.
A younger man was behind them. His expression was strange, satisfied.
Chaykin said, “You know where they’re all from. Waiting for their teammates to come on out.”
“They’re not coming out,” Lansing said.
“That’s good news I’m willing to share. Can you get in the Gunga Din by yourself?”
“Probably.”
“I’ll go talk to them, tell them.”
Lansing fell into the passenger seat and unbuckled his armor, upper and lower. His left arm was swollen. Emancipated from its metal binding, Lansing knew the arm was going to balloon, using the infected branch tip for helium. He touched his scabby fingers to his forehead, but both surfaces were numb. Petrifaction. He thought, Because I can’t feel it doesn’t mean the fever isn’t there. Core temp’s rising, heart’s racing.
His ankle was swollen, too, but he couldn’t feel it, or his legs. Petrifaction. Stone.
He licked sweat off his upper lip. He couldn’t feel his tongue, didn’t taste the sweat.
Chaykin had left two bags for him under the seat. In the larger bag was a new repair kit, new cleaning tackle, new clothing, food enough for his next contract. And a six-month supply of pills. Lansing swallowed a month’s worth, hoping an overdose would rout his disease’s advance.
He knew in the keel compartment would be a replenishment of ammunition, Sternos, lighter fluid for his Zippo, batteries for his flashlight, new hand towel, new bandana, tissues and toilet paper.
Chaykin got in on the driver’s side. “They weren’t too thrilled to hear that. The one with the wrists and fingers, he didn’t look surprised. Maybe that’s because his face was pulped. You do that? Are we gonna have a problem with RifleHire?”
“I’ll take care of it,” Lansing said.
“About fucking time somebody did. Say good-bye to Wildernesse.” Chaykin put the needleship into gear and lifted off. He said, “Even though we told them not to, they used their satellites anyway. Something about a baffle-tower linkup, something like that. What I’m getting at, they double-checked, and you got them all. Payment’s been received. And you can’t ever come back. Why are you sitting so funny?”
“My arm,” Lansing said. “I could move it a few minutes ago. Can’t now.”
“Want I should turn around, see a doctor on Wildernesse?”
“They won’t let you land. I trust my doctor back home.”
“So we’re not going to Amalgam?”
“That contract’s got no time limit. They can wait for me.”
Chaykin sighed and changed the Gunga Din’s coordinates. “Back to the guild twice in one month. You can’t be happy about that.”
Lansing shrugged with his good shoulder.
“Maybe you’ll lose this arm, too.”
“Could happen. It feels pretty wrong.”
“You never treated it like it was yours.”
“It’s not. I’m gonna need a new Marlin.”
“When they called me about the brindles, with their satellite stats, they also said you were the last one. I turned the other guild ship back. What happened to Tyndal? And Nadia and Wren?”
“Tyndal got mauled the first day. Nadia switched sides, then got killed. Before she switched, she shot Wren.”
“She shot — Nadia shot Wren?”
“Some other stuff, too.” Lansing pinched his left arm. The skin held the shape of the pinch too long.
“Can’t fucking believe Wren beat you. By such a wide margin, too. They’ll talk about this. They love to talk.”
Lansing said nothing.
“I never got along that well with him. He wasn’t so bad, though. A decent man. Pretty good hunter, now that I think about it.”
In the other bag under Lansing’s seat was his opium and smoking apparatus. He prepared the pipe. Chaykin revved the air ventilators. Lansing said, “Bledsoe was there.”
“Bledsoe? Fucking Bledsoe was there? An audition, has to be. The individualist, auditioning. Finally broke down. Hadn’t heard anything about him in so long, figured he was dead.”
“He wasn’t, but he is now.”
“Then I guess The High Hunt is over,” Chaykin said.
“I guess it is,” Lansing said.
###


~~~~


back to top

Acknowledgments and Thank You’s

To Hector DeJean, my friend. For his steady advice, and for applying his mastery of publicity to this novel.

To Jorge Molina. For his remarkable, captivating, and original cover illustration and design. He really brought Lansing to life. You can visit him on the Web at www.zurdom.deviantart.com.

To Evan Gregory. My optimistic, creative, and extremely supportive literary agent.

To Bob Schwager. It is my good fortune to work with so talented a copyeditor. He cares not just for the MS, but for its characters and its author.

To Nancy Forman. For her generosity, and her invaluable aid as an intermediary.

To Joe Cermele at Field & Stream. For lending a helping hand when it was needed most, when Joe had nothing to gain by it.

As is usually the case, all accuracies are theirs and all mistakes mine.

To my fans. I’m grateful to you all. But how I wish there were more of you!

Most importantly, to my father, Thomas Connell, my mother, Leslie Connell, my sister, Barrie Connell, and my wife, Jeannie Connell. For their love.


~~~~


back to top

About the Author

Adam Connell is an award-winning author who grew up on Long Island and went to NYU to study English and American Literature. It was at NYU where he met his wife, Jeannie. They live in Westchester, NY.

Counterfeit Kings was his first novel. Originally published in 2004 — on paper! — it received major critical success and has since become a cult SF novel. It is known in many circles as the anti-Space Opera book. Publishers Weekly said, “Struggle for identity and self-sacrifice are just a few of the powerful stories beneath an action-packed surface plot that provokes as it dazzles.” Counterfeit Kings will be rereleased this November as an eBook from Masque Books.

Lay Saints, his second novel, was published in early 2012 exclusively as an eBook. Kirkus Reviews gave it a starred review, and said, “The engrossing result feels like an ESP-themed mash-up of The Sopranos and The Wire as scripted by Quentin Tarantino.”

Total Secession, his third novel, deals with the dissolution of the United States. It was published in late 2012, also as an eBook. ForeWord Clarion Reviews gave it 5 out of 5 stars, and said, “Total Secession is a tour de force of speculative fiction. With flair and finesse, Connell has created a raw, thrilling novel that speculates on the consequences of letting our current political system go unchecked.” It was the recipient of the Bronze Medal in ForeWord Reviews’ Book Of The Year Awards. Category: Literary Fiction.

The High Hunt is his fourth novel.

He is currently writing Book Two in The Orion Guild Series, called Khyber Circus. He is also working on an untitled, standalone SF novel.

Connell invites you to connect with him online:
His Web site: www.adamconnell.net
facebook: www.facebook.com/adamconnellSF
Twitter: @adamconnellSF

… and if you enjoyed The High Hunt, why not post a review somewhere? Share the love.
