Sector 27: Assignment
By J.J. Pasinella
Published by Jed Pasinella at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 J.J. Pasinella
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents
1.1 (The Grid)
1.2 (The Grid)
1.3(The Grid)
1.4 (The Grid)
1.5 (The Grid)
1.6 (The Grid)
2.1 (Beyond)
2.2 (Beyond)
2.3 (Beyond)
2.4 (Beyond)
2.5 (Beyond)
2.6 (Beyond)
2.7 (Beyond)
2.8 (Beyond)
2.9 (Beyond)
2.10 (Beyond)
2.11 (Beyond)
2.12 (Beyond)
2.13 (Beyond)
3.1 (Resistance)
3.2 (Resistance)
3.3 (Resistance)
3.4 (Resistance)
3.5 (Resistance)
3.6 (Resistance)
3.7 (Resistance)
3.8 (Resistance)
3.9 (Resistance)
4.1 (Confrontation)
4.2 (Confrontation)
4.3 (Confrontation)
4.4 (Confrontation)
4.5 (Confrontation)
4.6 (Confrontation)
4.7 (Confrontation)
4.8 (Confrontation)
4.9 (Confrontation)
Preview: Next Installment in the Series
1.1 (The Grid)
It was a cool summer evening as Caleb hurried down the sidewalk toward his living quarters.  There had been a light rain falling, even since the time he had left at first alarm to head into the Department of Human Advancement to continue his work.  He couldn't be sure if he had been there longer than previous days since there was no way to know the exact time.  He could estimate by determining if it was dawn, day, dusk, or night.  When the second alarm had finally sounded, signaling the end of the work day, he wanted to get back to his living quarters as quickly as possible.
Caleb was somewhere between the ages of twenty-four and twenty-seven. It was hard to keep track of the years, but it could be estimated by the changing of the seasons.  His father had told him years earlier that he had been born in January, back when calendars were kept.  Caleb was small for his age, about five foot six inches tall, and one hundred and fifteen pounds.  If there's one thing he knew for sure it was his height and weight, as it was documented frequently by the Reassignment teams along with a full body work up and strength and conditioning tests.
As he continued moving down the street he looked up at the great expanse above which was now all a single shade of gray.  He noticed something peculiar.  There was no difference in color between the way the sky looked at this moment and the rest of the world around him.  The plaster buildings on either side of him, each the same size, shape and dimension, and the road and sidewalks below him.  Everything was almost identical in color.  It was as if someone had draped a gray tarp across the grid and pinned it up in a dome-like shape above.
The ‘grid,’ as Caleb had always heard it referred to by his father, was called Sector 27, part of the greater Zone C.  Its layout was simple.  In the middle of Sector 27 was the Department of Human Advancement, which was the largest building in the grid.  Coming from all four sides of the central building were rows of streets and living quarters.  Each street stretched about four to five miles before ending at the large barbed wire fences, reaching about twenty feet high with checkpoints scattered along the perimeter.  Caleb's living quarters were much closer to the fences than to the central building, so it took him more time than most to walk to and from the department.  The sidewalks were used by the workers of Sector 27, while the roads were only used by high ranking officials and military vehicles in the event of an incident.
Caleb's father was a scientist and at a very early age the "Keepers", a term his father used to call the ruling authorities, had selected Caleb for future work in genetics.  He was to be indoctrinated and trained as early as they deemed appropriate and sent to work as soon as he was ready.  Caleb had excelled in his training, and the information he would require to secure his position in the Department of Human Advancement came very easily to him.  Even though his life had been laid out before him, he still got a small amount of satisfaction from his work, at least for a little while.  
Previously, the officials had been assigning him research into genetic manipulation to achieve specific behaviors.  His most recent undertaking involved replacing undesired traits in an unborn fetus with more desirable ones.  This would enable the Keepers to control what kind of people were being born and utilized for work inside of the grids.  Caleb hated this particular assignment.  He had this deep seeded belief that it wasn't right to change a human being into a vessel used strictly for labor.
Caleb looked up from counting the concrete slabs as he passed over them and noticed one of the Guardians standing off to his right, about twenty feet from him.  He was dressed in thick body armor, all black.  In the middle of his vest in big white letters was printed, ‘C-27’.  An automatic rifle was gripped in both hands and a nylon strap draped from the weapon over his right shoulder.   Atop the mass of armor, a big black helmet and a pair of goggles covering his eyes so that Caleb could see nothing but his own reflection.  His father had once told him that the Guardians were by and large mercenary soldiers who had been recruited and trained years before the transition had occurred.
The transition was something that happened over many years’ time, decades perhaps.  In most cases it took place so quietly that the average person had no idea what was happening before it was too late.  They were taken from their cities, towns and villages in train cars and moved into one of the many grids now scattering the states.  Those deemed too weak or unprofitable were to be "reassigned".  Caleb had always thought deep down that reassignment was, in fact, execution; but he couldn't know for sure.  He knew one thing for sure, once someone had been reassigned, he never saw them again.
Caleb quickly glanced back down at the concrete slabs and continued counting in an effort to take his mind off of the presence of the Guardian he was now passing by.  He felt his stomach churning.  It felt as if someone was taking his intestines and knotting them up into a tight ball.  He could feel his heart beating through his chest and radiating to his hands and feet.  Momentarily he wondered if the Guardian could hear the galloping heart being echoed out of his body and down the dreary street.  He kept his hands in his pockets and his gaze downwards, maintaining the same pace he had from the beginning.  His left hand, still in his pocket, slowly traced the outline of a rectangular object.  Smooth, cool to the touch with round corners and a small opening on one end, the reason he was hurrying back to his quarters, and the small glimmer of hope he had for what remained of his life.  All this lay upon something no larger or heavier than a cigarette lighter.  And he had it, right there in his pocket, and he knew it was worth the risk he was about to undertake.
1.2 (The Grid)
Morning finally came after a long night of drifting in and out of sleep.  Caleb sat up, slowly shifted his legs out of a flimsy iron bedframe, and rested them on the cold cement floor.  He stayed that way, rubbing his eyes until he heard the first alarm sound from a small box in the corner of his room.  This signaled the people living in this particular section of the grid to get up, take their nutrients and head into the department.  He let out a discontented groan as he stood up and made his way towards the chute.  
Each dawn, small plastic tubes were sent into the living quarters by an underground pipe system delivering a series of capsules.  The tubes were separated into five compartments.  Each compartment held a series of pills containing the essential nutrients needed by the body each day.  Caleb took the tube from the pipe system and walked over to a small table in the corner of the room.  He only had four bottles of water left from his last delivery of rations.  There would be a work block, consisting of ten days followed by a leisure block, consisting of two days before the new ration would come.  Each ten-day, two-day block was one cycle.  Each ration contained twenty four bottles, which would give him two bottles each day per cycle.
He took one bottle, opened it, and took the first three series of pills.  He skipped the fourth, and then finished the fifth.  His father had told him years ago, before he was reassigned, not to take the bright red pills.  His father had been one of the chemists working on developing those pills that would alter people’s moods, keep them in a contented state, and essentially turn them into fully functioning shells of human beings.  He had explained it to Caleb as "setting the person on auto-pilot."  In essence, getting the best possible work output, while minimizing their ability to think freely.  The pills, in conjunction with the seminars, kept people completely loyal to the Keepers.  There was no real way to know if someone had or hadn't taken the pills, but from a very early age you were taught that without taking them, you would die.  Caleb was fortunate enough to have been around and trained by his father for most of his life.  He was taught how to act while working and moving around the grid in a way that would not raise any suspicion.
Because of the pills, there was no need to have a heavy presence of authority around the living quarters.  This enabled the Guardians to be more spread out through the parallel running streets.  There would be a single Guardian every half mile or so, but were seen in much larger numbers by the check points along the fences surrounding the grid.  They lived in the barracks by each checkpoint, and they would alternate shifts throughout each cycle.  Each check point also contained several armored vehicles with mounted heavy machine guns on top that were used in case of an incident breaking out.  Caleb had never seen one come in from the checkpoints since he had been there.
There was a kind of mysterious air about the Guardians.  Caleb's father had told him that before the transition, the original group had derived from mercenary cells who would do the vilest jobs as long as there was a payoff.  This was back in the early stages of the transition however, and since then Caleb's father could only speculate as to the reasons why they blindly followed the Keepers' orders.  He knew that they were issued a different set of pills than the department workers and assumed they must play a role.  The Guardians were also given much nicer living accommodations and were given higher rations of water and electricity.  The Guardians were also given rations of food, which was something that the workers didn't have.  But outside of their barracks, where they lived, Caleb only saw them as a symbol of control and authority.
He finished half of his first water bottle and decided to save the second half for use throughout his time at the department.  His living quarters were like all the others in the grid.  There was one door which opened side to side instead of out and in.  Once inside, to the right was the chute where the daily nutrients were delivered.  Above the chute and embedded in the wall was a small monitor.  On it was displayed the schedule over the span of four cycles.  It almost never changed, but when there was an added activity that was required, it was usually a seminar that his father had referred to as "brainwashing appointments."  Across the room to the left of the door was a small metal table with one chair beside it.  Above the table and just beside the door was a circular window, just large enough to let in some light even after the electricity had been shut off.  Electricity was rationed and controlled by the officials who were appointed to Sector 27.  In the middle of the room on the ceiling was a circular fluorescent bulb.  On the wall opposite the door was the bed.  And to the left of the bed was a small bathroom containing a toilet and a standing shower behind a half-raised wall.
Inside each of the living quarters was a small tube in the wall.  It looked like a pipe, sticking out into the room about two inches with an opening in the front.  The tube led to the outside just to the right of the door and had an opening there as well.  This was used by the Guardians for sending in their snakes.  The snakes looked like water hoses with a lens attached to the end of it.  They would be let in through the tube and were used to monitor for suspicious activity.  Suspicious activities could be anything the Guardians thought to be out of the ordinary.  This made it so people weren't under surveillance at all times, but were always at risk to be randomly searched by the snakes at any moment.  Caleb himself had only seen a snake once before, around the time his father had been reassigned.
This morning was the beginning of the final work day in the cycle.  Caleb put on his uniform, walked over to his bed, felt inside his pillow for the small rectangular object, and made his way towards the door.  He took one last look back at his pillow, opened the door, stepped outside and took in a deep breath.  Unlike the previous work day, the sun was brightly shining, climbing over the mountains in the distance with nothing but blue sky surrounding it.  He let it warm his face for a moment before he started walking. 
Quietly he said to himself, "Not much longer now."
1.3 (The Grid)
As Caleb walked down the street towards the department, he counted the concrete slabs as he passed over them, focused on keeping his gaze downwards.  Occasionally he would glance up to see if he could spot the Guardians.  As he approached the third one, Caleb looked directly at him.   The Guardian had not moved or made a sound until Caleb was inches away, at which time he gave a quick and subtle nod.  Caleb returned the gesture, then quickly looked around to make sure none of the other department workers surrounding him on the sidewalk had seen it.  Then he continued on with his head down counting the passing slabs.
He finally reached the department, passed through the gates and entered a set of large metal doors.  They opened slowly before him as he looked at the security camera above.  He moved through a brightly lit corridor that was glistening white.  He had always found it odd that the officials used so much of the electricity to brighten the hallways which carried people for but a moment, yet would allow close to none for the living quarters.  After a short distance travelling down the hallway he came to a door labelled, ‘C-47A.’  This door held beyond its heavy steel exterior the lab, where Caleb had been working since he had been deemed ready.  He stepped inside and heard a familiar voice say, "Caleb,” as if someone was acknowledging his arrival.
It was Andrew.  Andrew was Caleb's partner in this lab for as long as he could remember.  Andrew had come to the lab only a season or two after Caleb had arrived.  He had a monotonous tone to his voice, the same as everyone else he had come into contact with around the department.  He was scrawny, but very tall.  His hair was light brown and messy at most times, like he had just rolled out of bed and come straight to the department.  He wore a long white lab coat, the same as Caleb's, with the number 317-47A printed across the left flap.  After all this time working with Andrew, Caleb had barely spoken with him, at least, not about anything meaningful.  He had tried a few times when Andrew was first assigned to the lab, feeling him out, but the result was the same as with anyone else.  It was as if Caleb were talking to a computer.  Andrew was brilliant, but because of the drugs, the only conversations that would ever take place revolved around that of their work, or events inside of the grid.  Caleb would see nothing behind his eyes when they talked.  He just imagined neurons firing and his brain processing information, like it was a machine searching for a pre-loaded response to spit out.  This made living in Sector 27 difficult for Caleb, in a social sense.  Even when he was around Andrew he felt completely isolated.  When he attended the seminars with hundreds of the other workers it was as if he was completely alone.  It was also difficult to determine who, if anyone, he could confide in.  If the wrong thing was said to the wrong person, Caleb could be turned in, taken to the Guardians’ barracks, or reassigned.  After Caleb's father had been taken, he had become used to the inability to have any meaningful conversations.
"Andrew,” Caleb replied as he walked the metal floors toward his workstation.  He flipped on the holo-screen to the left side of his desk to display his assigned research orders.  
‘Great,’ he thought, ‘Another strand of DNA to alter.’
Caleb wasn't sure what the officials did with the work he submitted.  Were they putting it to use?  Was he unwillingly supplying the authorities he despised so much with more resources to tighten their grip?  
"Did you receive the information about the seminar for this cycle's leisure block?" Andrew asked in a flat voice.
"Yes," said Caleb, all the while thinking to himself how horrible it would be.
"I look forward to hearing about the new plan for handling the Eco-terrorists," Andrew continued, "Everyone is going to have to do their part."
Eco-terrorist was a name given to the small pockets of people who supposedly lived outside of the grids.  According to the Keepers, the Eco-terrorists were halting human advancement forward and continually destroying Sacred Mother Earth.  Caleb had no idea if there were any such groups, or if the Keepers used it as another means to keep people from wanting to venture outside of the grid.  They described them as savages, bent on destroying all life on earth.  The Keepers were chosen by the holy Sacred Mother Earth to defend against the imminent threat they presented, and each inhabitant of the grid was required to offer what they could of themselves.
"Yes," agreed Caleb in a monotone voice, "we are all required to give of ourselves for Sacred Mother Earth."
Andrew driveled on, "Why can't those useless wastes of resources understand that they are slowing our evolutionary destiny into further knowledge and power?"
Caleb didn't directly respond to that question, but nodded in agreement and said, "Then I will see you at the seminar."
Andrew looked up briefly from his work, gave a quick nod, and continued on with what he was doing.
Caleb thought how sad it was that someone as bright as Andrew could be so completely misguided.  Then he took comfort in knowing how lucky he was to have had his father with him, giving him some source of truth.  He was the lone-standing lighthouse shining through the dense fogs of propaganda and brainwashing thrown at him by the Keepers.  Then he thought how he could just as easily had wound up like anyone else in the grid; empty, thoughtless, careless and without emotion.
It seemed as if the second alarm, which signaled the end of the workday, would never sound. But when it finally did, Caleb, filled with relief, moved towards the door.  Andrew stood in front of it waiting for Caleb to meet him there as he usually did.
"Ready?" Andrew asked.
Caleb nodded and they both slipped through the door as it quickly slid shut behind them.  They turned and walked down the hall only inches apart without saying a word, both gazing down at the bright tile floors until they reached the massive set of steel doors.  They both looked up at the camera and waited as the doors slowly slid open.  They moved past a pair of Guardians and then by the guard post leading to the streets.  Andrew's living quarters were on a different street than Caleb's.  They looked at each other, gave a quick nod and went their separate ways.
Caleb began counting the sidewalk slabs again on his way back to his quarters.  The sun had just begun to set over the tree tops leaving an orange-pinkish hue painted across the sky.  There was a half-moon hovering above, and looked as if the sky was divided, with the night sky slowly pushing away the sunlit portion.  As Caleb passed by the same Guardian that had nodded at him earlier, he heard in a quick but professional manner, "Fifty paces past this spot, left, eighty paces, left, thirty paces.  Look for a small stretch of overgrowth."
Caleb, without breaking his stride, registered the information and softly repeated it to himself under his breath, "Fifty, left, eighty, left, thirty, overgrowth.  Fifty, left, eighty, left, thirty, overgrowth.  Fifty, left, eighty, left, thirty, overgrowth.  Fifty, left, eighty....."
1.4 (The Grid)
Caleb entered his living quarters just as the electricity was shut off for the night.  He walked over to the small metal table, sat down in the chair and looked out through the window until the night sky finally prevailed over daylight.  Slowly he hung his head down, gazing at the concrete floor.  He took his hand and gently ran it along the back of his neck until he found a subtle, but noticeable protrusion.  Each person born inside the grid was inserted with a small chip.  This cylindrical capsule was a GPS tracking device.  It could monitor where each person was inside and outside of the grid at any moment.  Caleb had always imagined, due to the close living quarters, that it was most likely used to alert the Guardians when someone had gotten outside of the grid.  This had been one of the predominant factors keeping Caleb trapped inside this place.  He knew if he were to somehow get out, it would be noticed immediately and there would be no way to hide.
After some time sitting, staring at the floor, thinking, remembering, he drank the last bit of water he had left from that morning and walked over to his bed.  He eased himself into the iron frame as it creaked and closed in around him.  He closed his eyes to sleep, but to no avail.  His mind was racing, thinking about his father, Andrew, his work, the Guardian, the line he was fed on the way back to his quarters that night.  Counting wouldn't help him focus now.  He was on the precipice of something great and couldn't rein in his thoughts.  They were running wildly now, throwing him from one reality to another.
He got up from his bed and stood in the middle of the room.  He felt a pair of hands shaking him as if to gain his attention.  It was his father.  He was staring intently into Caleb's eyes.  There was a single tear running down his face.  Caleb took his hand and gently wiped it away, then asked, "What's the matter Dad?  Did I do something to hurt you?"
"No Caleb," his father replied.  "You have to listen to me now.  Focus Caleb, start counting to twenty and listen."
Caleb had been so preoccupied with what he was doing that he hadn't noticed the snake making its way around the living quarters.  He nodded his head, began counting, and came to attention.
"You only did what I told you to do," his father said.  "Someday you will understand why it has to be like this.  There's no time to explain it to you right now, but this is more important."
"...four, five, six, seven..." Caleb had been counting in his head.
His father continued, "I'm going to be leaving you for a little while.  I've taught you what was needed for you to have a future.  You're very young now and you are going to need to stay in this place a bit longer.  But a time will come, and you will know, when you are going to need to leave, get as far away as possible and stay far away.  Do you understand Caleb?"
Caleb nodded his head, still counting, "...fourteen, fifteen..."
"Remember everything I've taught you, and remember that I love you very much."  Caleb's father began to tremble a bit as he continued speaking, "Don't try to stop them, stay perfectly still, keep counting and trace the cracks in the ground.  And remember, when the time comes, ready yourself."
Just as soon as he finished his sentence their door slid open, followed immediately by a pair of black figures.  Caleb saw the ski masks and goggles, he read the letters "C-47" printed on their chests and watched them grab hold of his father without saying a single word.  The night air was sticky and hot.  There was a faint smell of burning rubber wafting into the room.  Outside was clear, and from his seated position on the floor he could look through the window at the night sky and see the stars shining brilliantly above.  He made pictures out of them like he and his father used to do on clear nights.  They would laugh together as they found the same images.  One source of happiness in this depressing place.  Caleb remembered his father had told him to trace the cracks in the ground.  As he choked back tears he painted mental images onto the floor.  First a gun, then a mask, then a vest.  It became unbearable, and after a short burst of shuffling feet, he heard a thud.  He looked up just in time to see the last image he would have of his father.  Two Guardians on either side of him, his father hanging limply between, his feet dragging behind him, unable to walk.  Caleb stretched out his arms toward the figure of his father just in time for the door to slide shut and leave the quarters empty and quiet.  The silence was equally as painful as what had just occurred in front of him.  His mind was racing and he realized he was still counting.  He became aware of his heavy breathing and pounding heart.  Then he gave into the choking and began to weep.
Caleb shot up in bed as if someone had grabbed a hold of his head and yanked it forward.  He was covered in sweat and his hands were trembling.  He swung his legs out to the side, rubbed his eyes and neck and then stood up.  He made his way to the shower to rinse off and put on his uniform.  He sat in the chair by the table staring intently into the center of the room, at the same exact spot where so long ago the center of his world had been ripped away from him.  He understood now why it had to happen.  It was the only way he could have a chance at freedom, at being human.  He wiped the tears away from his face and glanced out through the window.  He hadn't realized how long ago, but the sun was beginning to make its way into place.  There was still a little bit of darkness left, clinging to the horizon, refusing defeat.  
Today was the beginning of the leisure block, and the Guardians would be changing shifts soon.  Caleb normally spent his leisure blocks resting.  But for the past several cycles he had been tracking the movement of the Guardians, watching when they changed shifts and what routes they took to and from the barracks.  He would walk back and forth from the department, remaining outside by the soccer fields for a little while before heading back.  The soccer fields were the only source of entertainment used during the leisure blocks.  He often wondered if the others ever felt any satisfaction from the activity, or if they were mindlessly going through the motions.  He always thought they would rather be attending the seminars than be out on the fields.  Caleb was trying to imagine what would be said of the Eco-terrorists at this day's seminar.  Would the Keepers say they were becoming more dangerous?  Would they say they had new information as to their whereabouts?  Or would it be more of the same, "The work provided for Sacred Mother Earth is of the utmost importance.  It is vital that nothing is held back, and that all efforts are exhausted, until the complete and utter annihilation of all Eco-terrorists is achieved."
Caleb was snapped out of his trance by a series of quick knocks on his door.  One-two-three pause, one-two-three pause, one-two-three.  That was the signal given to him several seasons ago.  He looked up at the alarm box in the corner of the room and shot it a sarcastic smile.  He went over to his bed, reached inside the pillowcase and took out the shiny rectangular object.  His mind was racing so fast.  He could feel his heart thumping out of his chest.  He had imagined this moment for so long, but now that as it was finally happening he couldn't keep his mind in order.  He started counting backwards from ten and re-gathered his nerves.  He sat down in the chair, bent his neck over and felt for the dastardly device buried within.  He held one finger over the protrusion and with his other hand grabbed the rectangular object.  He studied it briefly, at the open end, and slowly dropped it over the spot on his skin where the other finger had been marking.  He closed his eyes for what seemed like an eternity, still uncertain if it would work, then finally, he pressed the button on the side.  Caleb felt a jolt of electricity rush through his whole body and it left him tingling, like when a limb has fallen asleep.  The sensation felt good to him, he felt free for the first time.  After a few moments he regained feeling.  He took the rectangular device, tapped it against the table and picked up the tiny cylindrical capsule that fell out of the opening onto the table.  He briefly examined it, turning it over between his thumb and index finger, the object that had been lodged in his neck from birth.  With a quick, sudden motion, he hurled it across the room with a sense of indignation and watched as it bounced off of the back wall and landed with a splash in a small puddle left inside of his shower.  Then he placed the rectangular device into his uniform's front pocket.  He then moved toward the door which slid open before him and he stepped over the threshold.  For the first time he was happy to be outside on the street. 
1.5 (The Grid)
It was dusk, and a thick fog lay over the grid so that it was difficult to see more than a few feet into the distance.  It had been raining since the previous night and the sounds of rolling thunder could be heard somewhere out in the dark abyss.  The outline of a thin, tall man, was hurrying down the street back to his quarters.  He was draped in a white lab coat with black pants and canvas shoes.  His hair was wet and matted, making the long gray strands look almost black as the water dripped down over his eyes.  He was approximately six feet tall and weighed no more than one hundred and forty pounds.  He kept his gaze down on the sidewalk, occasionally glancing up toward the living quarters to see the numbers painted beside their doors.  The rain came down steadily, the man’s footsteps were in perfect harmony, tapping out a beat to the rain and thunder like a metronome.
Suddenly, a Guardian shot out from within the fog.  The man's steps couldn't be altered quickly enough, it was too late.  The two figures collided and both stumbled briefly before regaining their balance.  The tall man opened his mouth to speak, but before he could, the Guardian’s fist was lodged up under his rib cage with a driving force.  The man fell to the ground on his hands and knees, gasping for air as the other department workers moved around him as if nothing had happened.  Almost as soon as he had hit the ground, he felt the Guardian grab his hand, lift him up, slip him a piece of folded paper, and shove him off in the direction he was heading.  Behind him he heard a deep, condescending voice mutter, "Get back to your quarters and remain there".
‘Thank you,’ the man thought as he slipped the neatly folded paper into his lab coat pocket.  He continued on his way, still trying to get his lungs back to himself.  When he finally reached his living quarters, the metal door slid open and he heard a voice excitedly say, "Dad!"
"Caleb!" the man replied.  "The day has finally come, son.  Do you remember my friend that I was telling you about before, the man who could help us get out of this place?"
Caleb nodded.  He was no more than nine or ten, and had been training with his father in chemistry and genetics.  Caleb was lucky.  Most children were removed from their parents at a very early age to be sent to whichever compound would train them for work in their future assignments.  Caleb's father was one of the leading scientific minds under the control of the Keepers.  Under control, or so they thought.  He was very wise and knew how to conduct himself in such a way as to not raise any suspicions.  With all of the successful work he had contributed over his long practicing career, there was no reason for them to believe he had been diligently working towards a way to break free from their bondage.  Because of his capabilities, it was decided that Caleb would train under his father and someday carry the work forward.
"He just handed me this note on the street," Caleb's father said,  "I've been waiting for this day for such a long time now that I had begun to lose hope there would ever be a way for us to get out."
Caleb curiously watched his father from his seated position on the metal chair.  His father took the note from his lab coat pocket and carefully placed it onto the table as if dropping it any faster would blow it to dust.  He then removed his lab coat, hung it over the back of the other metal chair and walked over towards the half wall by the shower.  He grabbed a tattered towel from the wall and placed it on his head.  Then with both hands, he began to feverishly dry out his hair.  As he turned back towards the table, Caleb noticed that it looked like a frazzled mess on top of his head.  Caleb let out a chuckle and took a sip from a water bottle.  His father walked back over to the table and sat down.  He stared at the note without opening it for a while, almost as if he were trying to assure himself that it was real.  Or perhaps he was afraid that what was written inside the paper was something he didn't want to read.  Slowly he uncreased a fold, gently laid it back in the opposite direction and did the same with the next three creases.  The paper was yellow and slightly crumpled.  The handwriting was small and scribbled and looked like it had been done in a hurry.  There was quite a bit of wording in the note and Caleb studied his father's face as he read out loud:
"Joshua," the letter started, "after much thought and careful planning, I have come up with the best possible chance for freedom from the grid.  I have gradually been cutting away at a part of the fence not far from your living quarters during my shift changeovers.  The opening is not large, but is hidden away near a thick patch of overgrowth.  The bottom of the fence can be lifted up a few meters with enough room to squeeze through to the other side.  It is important to mention however, that all of this is meaningless without a way to remove the chips."
Joshua stopped reading aloud and after a few moments of reading to himself, a look of sadness fell over his face.  He continued reading aloud:
"I also have to tell you that your name has come up on the watch list at my barracks.  I have tried to think of a number of ways to get you out faster than originally intended, but there's nothing that can be done.  This makes the next couple of seasons very important.  I have the EMP device that can be used to remove the chips, but Caleb is far too young for you to attempt using it on him yet.  We have never tested the device on anyone of his age and can't be sure of the effects it will have.  We know that in a fully developed brain, if there are side effects, they are minimal.  Caleb's brain is still developing and there's no way to know what would happen if we were to use the device on him.  I have buried the device a short distance from the department during an extraction last cycle.  You will need to tell Caleb that when he is old enough he will need to dig up the device from the location.  It is in between living quarters 49-F and 50-F.  Tell him to dig in the small dirt patch five paces down the alley.  Tell him to look at the third Guardian on his side of the street every day when he starts working for the department.   When he sees a nod from that Guardian, it will indicate the timing will be safe to remove the chip the following morning, and get out through the hole in the fence.  Good bye and good luck my friend.  -  Patrick"
After what seemed like an eternity of silence Caleb quietly asked, "Dad.  What does all of that mean?"
Joshua looked down at his son and smiled, "It means that you're going to be able to do what I was never able to.  You are going to leave this place."
Caleb looked at him with confusion and asked, "Aren't you going to come with me?"
"No Caleb," his father replied, "I am on the Guardians’ watch list.  I must have slipped up somewhere, made the wrong comment, said something to the wrong person.  I was trying to help people, but they are watching me now Caleb."
Caleb was still confused as to why his father couldn't go with him.  
"Caleb," Joshua said, "you are going to have to do something that won't make sense to you right now, but will be sure to keep you safe.  I need you to report me to the authorities.  You are going to need to tell them that I was making plans to destroy parts of the department.  Tell them that I have been telling you lies about them and trying to get you to hate the way things are here."
Caleb's father knew that since his name had come up on the list they would have to watch his son as well to make sure he hadn't corrupted him.  If he could get Caleb to turn him in to the authorities, it would look like the seminars Caleb had been attending had successfully brainwashed him into submission.  It would make it seem like Caleb put the Keepers’ ideals before his own father.
"But you didn't do any of those things, Dad." Caleb said.  "I don't want to tell them that."
His father replied, "I know Caleb, you just have to trust me.  Do you trust me?"
Caleb nodded his head slowly with slight hesitation.
"Good," Joshua said, "Now I’m going to need you to remember a few things for me."
He went on to make sure Caleb could remember the directions to get to the EMP device that had been buried in the dirt.  He told him in simple terms how to use the device.  They couldn't risk leaving the note around the quarters and Joshua was going to incinerate it the next time he went in to the department.  Once he was sure that Caleb had absorbed the information, he stuffed the letter back into his lab coat pocket that was hanging on the back of the chair he was sitting in.  After a long drawn-out sigh, he smiled, looked down at his son and said, "You are very special Caleb.  You are meant for greater things than this."  Looking around their quarters, he continued, "It's only going to be a matter of patience and discipline for you.  As long as you keep the things I have taught you close to your heart, be careful and mindful of the things around you here, and don't fall for the lies the Keepers will bombard you with, you are going to leave this place."
****
There was a light fog hanging over the grid this early dawn which suited Caleb perfectly.   He began walking down his street toward the department.  When his counting concrete slabs had reached a specific number he changed his train of thought to something else.  Fifty, left, eighty, left, thirty, overgrowth.  He began counting to fifty.  Forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty.  Quickly, he turned a corner into the alleyway between two living quarters.  The street was vacant.  The Guardians who were stationed half way down either side of this spot had both begun changing shifts.  There was a very small window of opportunity to slip down the alley unnoticed.  He reached the end of the narrow pathway and was right up against the fence.  There was about five to six feet between the fence and the back sides of the living quarters.  He knew that Guardians would often patrol down this stretch of dirt, so before moving out he peeked from the alleyway to assure himself the coast was clear.  When he was satisfied by the emptiness and quiet, he moved out along the fence.  He counted the last thirty paces and saw the dense thicket of overgrowth on the other side, slowly creeping its way into the grid.  He pulled on the bottom part of the fence, but there was no movement.  He pulled harder and still nothing.  Caleb felt himself slipping into panic.  He tried to keep calm and moved along the fence by the overgrowth pulling at the metal links in the ground.  He heard slow and steady footsteps coming from back behind him.  He could only imagine they were those of a Guardian.  ‘Oh no!  Please, not now, after all this time, please don't come this way!’ he thought.  Finally he found the weakened piece of fence.  The opening was so small that it looked like even he would have a hard time fitting through.  He sat on the ground, frantically writhing his body through the small hole, all the while the footsteps getting louder and louder from an alleyway somewhere behind him.  Feet through, up to the knees through, footsteps, footsteps, thighs, waist, footsteps, louder, closer, chest, neck, head, arm footsteps all around him.  He let go of the fence with the arm he had been hoisting it up with and quickly pulled it through the opening, cutting a gash into the middle of his forearm.  He held back the urge to yelp with pain and pressed his lab coat over the wound.  He maneuvered himself onto his stomach and began crawling backwards, deeper into the overgrowth, still facing the fence.
All of the sudden, from one of the nearby alleyways, he heard in a deep, almost harsh sounding voice, "You, STOP!"
Caleb's heart sank into his stomach which then churned and knotted up his intestines into tight wound bands.  That was it, it was over.  It hadn't even begun.  He knew the risk he was taking as soon as he took the chip out of his neck.  The only thing he could think to do now was just lie there.  If they were going to take him, they were going to have to shoot him or come in after him to drag him out.  He wondered what they would do to him if they took him back to the barracks.  Would they send him off to another horrible place like this one?  Would they torture him?  Or would they kill him right there?  He remembered his father telling him how he was special, how he was going to be free from this place someday.  His whole life, he had built it up and maintained focus for this moment and now it was gone.  A brief rush of anger came over him.  This wasn't fair!  This wasn't supposed to happen.  Then his anger was redirected at his father who had set him up for all of this.  He had to turn him in, then stay in this place and suffer by himself for much longer than he ever wanted to.
He didn't know how long it had been since he heard those two words uttered, and he didn't care.  He slowly raised his head in time to make out a pair of thick leather boots and a pair of canvas shoes standing almost toe to toe.
"What are you doing back here?" the voice continued.
There was silence.
"412-39B, return to your quarters.”
Silence.
"I won't say it again."
Relief washed over Caleb like an ocean current.  There was a scuffling sound as the canvas shoes stumbled backwards.  He heard the sound of nylon running across cloth and then heard the cocking of a gun.  He saw the pair of canvas shoes slowly turn towards the alley, and disappear behind the curtain of fog, followed closely by the black leather boots.
He waited until he could no longer hear the footsteps before moving again.  Then suddenly he burst into uncontrollable laughter.  He tried to quiet himself, slowly inching himself backwards, away from the fence, deeper through the overgrowth and ever nearer to freedom.
1.6 (The Grid)
The night was silent.  A gentle breeze blew across the dimly lit pathway between the fence and the living quarters.  The droning chirp of crickets could be heard from within the dense overgrowth lining the fence, where nearby, a tall, muscular man moved along methodically.  When he had reached a certain point halfway between two flickering light posts, he knelt down and almost vanished into the backdrop of the overgrowth.  His black uniform provided the perfect cover for him.  The man removed his goggles and placed them on the ground next to him.  He reached into his pocket and removed a small switch blade that looked as if it had been crafted a long time ago.  Its rusted steel handle and jagged teeth along the blade cut through the rows of barbed wire and chain links with a certain precision.  He could barely see what kind of progress he was making, so he relied on his fingers to trace the incisions.  After only a short while he picked up his goggles, returned them to the top of his helmet, and pocketed the knife.  He stood up and pulled on one of the strands of barbed wire so that it slightly protruded into the grid.  He would return to this spot whenever he could until he thought he had done enough.  Then with a swift movement he tugged on the nylon strap, releasing his rifle from around his back and returning it to his hands.
The man made his way down an alley and turned right onto one of the streets, heading toward the perimeter.  After a short distance he gave a salute to a passing Guardian and arrived at his barracks.  The building was quite large.  Walls of brick with towering vaulted windows made it stand out drastically when compared to the living quarters a short distance away.  He made his way through a set of ornate wooden doors and into a large, brightly lit hallway.  He walked along the plush carpet leading to a staircase at the back end of the corridor.  It was fairly quiet other than some bursts of laughter and shouting from behind a closed door on his left.  Some of the other Guardians must have had a card game going on inside.  He made his way up three flights of stairs to the floor where his team was living.  The other members of his team had already returned and gone to bed by the time he had arrived.  He pushed open a thick wooden door with the name Patrick 7-C printed on it, and stepped into the room.  He flicked on the light switch to the right of the door and removed his helmet and weapon.  He walked across the room and into a small kitchen area with a gas stove and a small refrigerator.  He opened the refrigerator, took out a bottle of water, and took big, long gulps from it.  After he finished the bottle he opened a cabinet and took out a can of mixed vegetables and beef.  He turned on the gas stove and cooked his dinner.  After the food was ready, he took the bowl with him out to his living area and sat down in a large, plush arm chair.  When he finished eating he went back to the kitchen, dropped the bowl in the sink, took his regimented pills from the chute, and threw them into the incinerator.  He then made his way across the living area and into his bedroom.  Once inside, he changed out of his armor and threw himself into bed.  It had been a long, tiring day.  In no time at all he was sleeping.
****
A piercing alarm sounded inside the dark room, cutting through the silence like a knife.  A red light flickered on and off in the corner above the doorway.  Patrick sprung out of bed and hurried to get his armor on.  It was some time in the middle of the night.  His team had been called in for an extraction.  He hurried out into his living area, grabbed his helmet and gun and proceeded out of the door and down the stairs to the main hall.  His other team members followed shortly behind him.  They moved to a monitor hanging on the wall in the middle of the hallway.  A line read, Squad 7C - Extract - Quarter 48E - Treason, Conspiracy.  The team hurried out to the garage connected to their barracks, hopped inside a small Humvee, and sped out into the night.  There was a sense of anticipation as the adrenaline rushed through Patrick’s body.  This was not a routine thing that had happened in the grid since the implementation of the pills.  Patrick himself had not taken part in an extraction before and wasn't sure what to expect.  He also wasn't sure if the other men on his team had been involved in one either, but they were most likely taking their regimented daily pills, leaving him unsure of what to expect when they arrived.
After navigating quickly down the given street they arrived at living quarter 48E.  The other two members of Patrick’s team hopped out of the vehicle, strapped their weapons over their shoulders and headed toward the door.  Almost as soon as they had approached it, they had stormed into the room and were lunging towards a middle aged looking man who had been sleeping in his bed.  In a state of shock and panic he rolled himself up against the wall and put his hands out in a defensive position against the approaching men.  He was grabbed by the arms, thrown onto the ground, and kicked into the middle of the room.  Patrick had been standing by the door keeping his eyes on the street.  He didn't look into the room as the man yelled and grunted with the blows inflicted upon him.  He tried to put his mind elsewhere, thinking of something, anything to block out the noise coming from behind him.  The two men passed through the doorway dragging the beaten man behind them.  They threw him into the back of the Humvee and one of them said, "Come on Patrick, let's move!"
He looked at his squad member and motioned for quiet, then said, "Hang on, I think I saw someone run back through that alley.  Stay here, I'll make sure."
He quickly made his way across the street and into the alley between quarters 49F and 50F.  A few steps in, he checked behind him to make sure his teammates were still by the Humvee, and he quickly buried an EMP device in the ground.  After a short time he ran back to the Humvee and jumped into the front seat.
"Did you find anyone?" one of his teammates asked.
"Negative, it must have been the darkness playing tricks on my eyes," Patrick replied.
The other Guardian jumped in and said, "Then let's get this traitor back to the barracks."
The Humvee sped off back down the street towards their barracks.  Patrick felt uneasy, he didn't know what was going to happen to the man when they got him back there.  It was the first time he’d ever had to do anything like this.  Other teams had been called out a handful of times before, but never his.  He wanted desperately to help the man somehow, but couldn't do it safely or discretely.  He kept his focus on the people he could potentially help in the future.  The Humvee pulled into the garage and the Guardians dragged the man, who had been silent the whole ride, from the back seat and into the compound.  They took him down to the end of a long tunnel at the back end of the garage into a small concrete room with no windows.  There was an old metal chair in the middle of the room.  The man was thrown in by both arms and the door was slammed shut behind him.  The room was pitch black until a small flickering light in the middle was turned on.  One of the officers of the grid had been called in from his quarters to question the man.  He was a short, stocky man with close-cut white hair.  He walked around the room with an air of haughtiness, his long white coat flittering as it came into contact with his shins.  He turned his gaze on the quivering man in the chair and said, "Did you really think you could outwit us?  You can't beat us.  You may as well talk now and save yourself from the pain we can inflict on you."
The man made no reply, only stared solemnly toward the ground.
"You know we have ways of making you talk.  Now, I don't want to have to resort to them, but I will if you give me no other choice."
The beaten man began to slowly tap his left foot on the ground, almost as if indicating he was going to hold on for as long as he could.
"Very well.  Bring in the tools!"
A Guardian who had been standing outside the room wheeled in a small metal tray with sharp objects on it.  Patrick caught a glimpse of them and thought, ‘What sick mind crafted these things?’  As the tray was placed next to the officer the man in the chair set his eyes on the objects.
Almost immediately his manner changed and he began pleading, "No please!  I'll tell you whatever you want!  I'll stop telling the others not to take their pills!   I'll start taking mine again!  I'll do anything you want!"
And with that the tray was taken from the room, the man now sobbing on his hands and knees in the middle of the concrete floor.  The short stocky officer let out a snort of derision and asked, "Why did you stop taking your pills?"
"A man stopped me in the hallway at the Department one day.  I had never met him before, I don't know his name, he works down the hall from my lab in the department.  I think he’s a chemist.  Not long ago, maybe a winter or two, he told me not to take the red pills that had just begun circulating through the grid.  He told me to tell as many people as I could, to tell them that the pills would destroy them."
The officer asked, "What did this man look like?"
"He was quite tall...and uh...he had long gray hair...and...that's all I can remember.  I swear, that's all I did, I didn't mean to betray you!  Please let me go back, I'll start taking my pills, I swear!"
The short man slowly paced back and forth several times, walked over to the man, patted him on the shoulders and said, "Good boy."
He then walked out of the doorway, down the hall and said to one of the Guardians who was standing there, “Call the Reassignment team.  I want this man … Brian, taken away before dawn.  Bring in another machinist to replace him at his station for tomorrow."
****
Patrick made his way slowly back up the stairs to his room, the images of the night’s events replaying through his head.  He took off his helmet, removed the weapon from his shoulder and walked into his bedroom.  He slowly headed to his bed, removed his armor and threw the pieces onto the ground.  Slowly he lowered himself into his bed and lay down.  It wasn't going to be so easy to fall asleep this time.
2.1 (Beyond)
The sun had finally begun to burn through the foggy summer morning sky.  Caleb had been crawling very slowly through the underbrush away from the grid for quite a while now.  He hadn't anticipated that there would have been such a long span of shrubs and bushes just beyond the fence.  Every inch he progressed was an act of defiance against the authorities.  He felt invincible, like nothing that could happen to him from this point on had the ability to faze him.  He was filled with excitement for what awaited him at the end of the underbrush, even though he had never seen anything beyond the fence before.  He didn't care, anything that was outside of those fences and barbed wire was going to be better.  
Finally by mid-afternoon, one last push through the branches and he spilled out over a small mound of land, and rolled out into an open plain.  The sun was beating down upon him, and he lay there in the tall grass soaking in the rays as they poured over his body.  He smiled and let out a great sigh of relief.  His arm was still bleeding.  The cut wasn't too deep, but he still needed to keep the pressure from his lab coat over the wound.  Caleb could hear a gently blowing breeze move through the tall grass that stood up to about his knees, and a flock of birds were singing songs just for him off in the distance.  He stood up and looked in the direction opposite the ledge he had just rolled down.  There was a dense wooded area at the end of the field, and the tree line ran as far as he could see in either direction from where he stood.  Off to his right he could see a small road cut through the field heading into and out of the grid, but he still couldn't see the grid itself from where he was.  He checked the front pocket of his uniform for the EMP device, and when he found it still in place he began his walk toward the trees.
It had become dusk since the time Caleb had entered the forest.  He had been trying to walk in a straight line away from the grid, but after he had lost sight of the tree line he couldn't be sure which way he was travelling.  He was using the sun as a reference point as it glimmered through the small gaps in the tops of the trees.  He eventually came across an area in the forest where there had been a small dirt path woven through, and he decided to follow it.  Just before the sun set completely, he came to a spot where the forest was coming to an end.  He cautiously inched his way toward the opening to get a look at what was beyond.  Slowly he pressed forward.  Every branch he stepped on sounded like gunfire going off all around him, leaving him exposed.  For the first time since he had left the grid he felt the slightest sense of nervousness.  The initial euphoria from the events of the day was beginning to wear off.  He realized that he was becoming tired and hungry.  Hunger was something new to him.  He had always been kept satiated with the nutrient pills given out inside of the grid.  He decided to drink some water, and ended up finishing off an entire bottle.  As he pushed through the last set of branches hanging over the narrow dirt path, he peered out to find that he was on the edge of a steady sloping hillside heading down into a half destroyed town. 
The biggest building that he could see from where he was inside the tree line had a large hole in the side.  It looked as if it had been taken out by explosives.  He could make out some lettering near the blown out portion of the building, George Washington Elementary Sc....  He wondered what it was.  Up and down the streets lining the sidewalks were cars.  He had never seen anything like them.  The only type of vehicles he had seen before were Humvees.  Most of the cars were broken in some way, whether the windows had been shattered, the roof and hood smashed in, or the few that were completely broken in half.  One thing he noticed almost immediately was the type of lamp posts that lined the street.  Most of them had been dislodged, but the ones that were standing looked beautiful to him.  They were large and decorative, inlaid with floral patterns and large bronze caps over the glass, shielding the bulbs.  There were small craters scattered throughout the town, buildings missing pieces, and some buildings completely collapsed to the ground.  The town sat in the middle of a ring of small hills.  He wondered what it used to be like down there.  Another thought crept into his mind as well.  He wondered if maybe, just maybe, there was a group of Eco-terrorists living somewhere down inside.  That thought gave him a sense of hope, but at the same time dread.  Would they be welcoming of him if he walked into their camp?  He was still wearing his uniform from the grid.  Would he come to find out that the Keepers were telling the truth about the type of people they were?  
After a short time of surveying the town he decided that he would head back into the woods a little ways, off the path, and tomorrow he would carefully make his descent into the town below.
2.2 (Beyond)
Caleb slowly opened his eyelids from where he lay under a large tree a couple hundred yards off the path.  The sun was hanging low in the morning sky, it shot narrow beams of light through the dense forest, bouncing from leaf to leaf before finding its final destination on Caleb's face.  He sat up, rubbed his eyes to rid them of the night, and let them adjust to the light now saturating the forest.  After taking the lab coat off of his lap, he dug into one of the pockets and pulled out his last bottle of water.  After drinking it down halfway, he had to force himself to stop in order to make it last as long as possible, and returned it to the coat pocket.  He sat there watching the light, the way it danced with the slow swaying of the leaves, and enjoyed the first morning he would have free of the oppression that was within the grid.  After a short while, he stood up, dusted himself off, and made his way back toward the narrow dirt trail.  He looked down at his forearm, which had stopped bleeding by now, and lightly poked it with his fingertips.  A sharp burning sensation flared up in the area he touched, he winced a little bit, and then left it alone.  A small price to pay for escaping through the fence.
When he had finally made his way back to the tree line atop the gently sloping hill, he crouched down and surveyed the area once more from beyond the cover of the branches before making his way down into the town.  It looked different this time.  He could see more than he was able to the first time he saw it.  It looked much larger than before, it seemed like half of the town had just appeared overnight.  There was nothing moving down below, a gentle breeze would blow through every now and then, moving a small cluster of papers in a swirl before dropping them into their new location.  When he was feeling safe enough to move out into the open, he pushed aside the branches that had been hiding him, and took a few short steps out onto the slope.  There were three roads winding through the town and over different parts of the rolling hills that surrounded it.  Two of them could be viewed all the way up their slopes before gradually disappearing behind a blanket of large pine trees.  The other one led up and over another hill that was not surrounded by trees.  In fact, it looked as if the road would come up over the hilltop and onto a vast plain, but Caleb couldn't see for sure from where he was.
Now at the bottom of the hill, Caleb quietly inched his way across a street and began to move along the sides of one of the buildings.  It was a large brick building, three stories high, covered in dust with several small holes cut through its exterior.  He stopped at one of the openings and found that it was big enough to peek inside.  He crouched down and peered into a large open room.  There were wooden chairs that had been flipped over and scattered.  On the floor, leaning against the wall, there was a large black rectangular box with a screen that looked like broken glass, but it remained inside the parameters of the shape.   It reminded him of one of the holo-screens from back inside the grid.   From a large window on the other end of the room shot a bright beam of sunlight.  Particles of dust were falling like snow inside of the beam and landing on the scattered pieces of wood and brick strewn across the floor.  It didn't look as if anyone had been here in quite a while.  He continued tracing the outside walls of the buildings until he reached the massive opening in the building he had seen from within the tree line that said, George Washington Elementary Sc...  Silently he stood just to the left of the opening, listening for any movement from inside.  In the distance he could hear the sound of chimes, which he had never heard before, and the occasional rustling of leaves from the hillside.  He took in a deep breath and stepped inside.
He found himself within a large elementary school classroom.  There was a blackboard in the front and a small doorway to the right of that.  The door was laying sideways in its frame still barely connected to one of the hinges.  There were dozens of desks scattered throughout the room, tipped on their sides, upside down, bent legs, surfaces cracked in half, but one desk sat perfectly straight, upright in the corner of the room.  Caleb made his way back toward the desk and looked inside.  He pulled out a book with the words, A Future Vision: Utopia, by Aaron Browitz written on the tattered cover.  He had never read a book before, he had only learned to read so he could understand his work assignments and schedule.  On the inside cover, before the story began was written, “Dedicated to my newborn son, Patrick.”  He sat there in the corner of the room reading, allowing himself to be absorbed within the world it fleshed out before him, and letting him momentarily forget how things were now.  
Before he knew it, dusk had come upon him.  Suddenly, it seemed an ever nearing sound of footsteps was approaching from the other side of the opening in the school.  How long had it been?  Was it the wind?  Questions raced through his mind and he quietly began to search his surroundings for something, anything, to grab hold of.  He found his hands on a detached metal leg of one of the desks.  He picked it up, shuffled toward the opening in the wall and stood just beside it.  The movement stopped, he heard a short rustling sound followed by a metallic clanking.  Caleb stood, hand gripped tightly around the desk leg held close to his chest.  The silence hung in the air for what seemed like an eternity until finally the figure of a small mangy dog limped from around the corner, looked Caleb in the eyes with a pitiful stare, and then kept on going the way it was headed.
Caleb let out a sigh of relief, his shaking hands loosened their grip on the metal desk leg and he sat down against the wall.  He didn't want to travel any further since the sun was almost fully set, and he decided to sleep inside of this building for the night.  He moved a few of the desks onto their sides and laid them in a line in one of the corners of the room.  Then he lay between them and the wall, the desks giving him a small sense of security as he drifted off to sleep.
****
Morning came upon him quickly as he peered out over the tops of the row of desks.  He took out his water bottle, drank half of what he had left and would try to save the rest for the days to come.  He decided he was going to leave the town in the opposite direction he had come in, up the road towards the wall of pine trees.  It was still early, the sun had not fully emerged from beyond the hilltops, but he decided to start moving.  He wondered what Andrew was going to do when Caleb didn't show up to the lab.  Today marked the start of the new work block and he hadn't seen Andrew for two days.  Caleb was almost overcome with joy that he didn't have to see him again, listen to him make comments about things happening inside the grid, Eco-terrorists, seminars.  Yet, since he had escaped, an ever-growing part of him desperately wanted to free Andrew from that place, free as many people as he could.  He hated the Keepers, what they made him work for, holding him hostage for so long, and especially taking his father away from him.  Caleb was hoping against hope that the Eco-terrorists were real, and even if they were exactly how the Keepers described them, he didn't care.  He would still join them, fight against everything the Keepers stood for.  He would sacrifice himself if it meant there was a chance of defeating them.  This line of thinking hastened his movement up the hill, along the road and into the forest.
He had been walking for some time now.  The sun was directly overhead as he kept pushing through the large pine trees.  By the time evening set in he stopped to listen.  He heard something that sounded like trickling water.  He kept moving as the sound continued to grow louder.  He came to a point where he could see the edge of the dense forest and what looked like a small clearing beyond the last row of branches.  The sound was right on top of him now as he slowly edged his way towards it.  He gently pushed through the last few hanging branches and found himself in a narrow clearing.  Right at his feet stood a row of small bushes with berries on them, and beyond them a steady flowing stream with smooth rounded rocks scattered throughout.  The stream was no more than two feet deep, it was crystal clear and cool to the touch.  Beyond the stream Caleb could see a vast wall of mountains running from right to left in front of him.  They looked massive even though they were miles away.  Up the slope of the mountains he could see the continuation of the pine trees with small openings containing lush green grass sprinkled throughout.  Without knowing if the water was going to be good to drink or not, he plunged in and began drinking.  Then he took out his empty water bottle and filled it, followed by the other nearly empty bottle.  After he had satisfied his thirst, he gently washed the gash on his forearm.  He continued on along the bank of the stream further toward the mountain.  He picked berries off of the small bushes lining the forest as he went, stuffing some into his mouth and others into his lab coat pockets.  For the first time he had left the grid he was without any cares or worries.
After a short distance following the stream bank, he turned back into the forest guarded by the berry bushes.  He was thinking to himself that he could stay here for a little while, rest, regain his strength, and then decide which way to continue moving.  He had been so lost in his own thoughts that he hadn't realized how far in he had travelled, and more importantly, he hadn't noticed the small wooden cabin standing no more than twenty yards ahead of him.  At this point, and after what he had seen in the town, he had become bolder in approaching it.  He moved with no hesitation up to the rickety wooden door.  He gave it a push and it slowly creaked open.  From the doorway it didn't look very big, and it was pitch black inside.  He took a couple steps in and froze dead in his tracks.  Something hard had just dropped against his back, right between his shoulder blades, and he heard a voice say, "That's far enough.  Don't move a muscle or I'll pull the trigger."
2.3 (Beyond)
The steady stream current whisked around a pair of soft, pale shins.  A young woman, about the age of twenty five, was crouching over, filling a dozen or so canteens with water.  Her high boots lay toppled over on the bank of the stream with knee socks flowing out from the mouth of each one.  She was average height, no more than 5'6", with long red hair that was pulled back and tied up behind her head, glowing in the sunlight.  Her cargo pants were rolled up to her knees and she wore a red and blue flannel buttoned shirt.  She had light green eyes that sparkled with a sense of youth and innocence.  She whistled along to herself, to no specific tune, as she finished filling the last canteen and put it into a large green back pack.  She made her way up towards her boots and sat down on the bank of the stream.  Then she removed a tattered gray towel that had once been a brilliant white, and began drying off her legs.  After a little while she put on her socks and boots, stood up, and picked the back pack up off the ground.  She stuffed the towel back into the side pouch, zipped it shut and moved along the bank, stopping in front of some berry bushes.  She picked several handfuls of them, stuffing them into plastic bags she kept in her backpack, and eating others as she moved along.
Soon after, she made her way through the bushes and into the forest.  Her steps had a bit of a bounce to them as she continued whistling along and navigating her way through the large pine trees surrounding her.  She stopped at the foot of a tree, marked by the carving of a small “x”, and deviated off the track she had been following.  The sun was high in the sky as she climbed the gentle slope of one of the hills leading toward the massive range of mountains in the distance.  At the edge of the forest she spilled out onto a clearing on the slope of the hill, about a quarter of the size of a soccer field.  She walked toward the middle of the clearing and knelt down in a small garden.  
The garden was full of lush green vegetables: spinach, lettuce, beans, onions and garlic.  Taking deep breaths in, she allowed the soothing aroma to fill her nostrils and entice her appetite.  She removed another plastic bag from her backpack and filled it about halfway with an equal portion of each of the vegetables.  After placing the filled plastic bag back into her backpack, she walked over to a ridge on the opposite end of the clearing from where she entered, and took a pair of binoculars out.  As she raised them to her eyes, she focused on a set of large cylindrical towers that looked like smokestacks in the back corner of a large enclosed facility.  Along its sides ran a large fence draped in barbed wire.  Inside of the compound were numerous older looking brick buildings except for one large white building in its center.  This grid complex was about two or three miles from where she stood, and even by looking through the binoculars she could hardly make out any people moving around inside.  At this moment the smoke stacks lay dormant, and she often wondered what their purpose was.  The 'Colonel' knew what they were, but he had always refused to tell her.  He refused to tell her much about anything she would inquire of when it came to what she saw while she was out in the forest.  When she had finished surveying the grid far below, she went back down the slope opposite the complex, entered the clearing, and cut across to the forest through which she had originally entered.  
She made her way back to the tree marked by the “x”, and turned back up into the thicker portion of the woods.  After several miles of travelling, she came to a small wooden cabin surrounded on all sides by thick pine trees.  On the back side of the cabin there was a small stone chimney that was blowing little puffs of smoke into the air.  She headed for the front door and swung it open.
"Hey Colonel!  Did you miss me?!" she said, in a playful tone.
An older-looking man who was bent over the fireplace in the back of the cabin slowly turned his head toward her, smiled and said, "Heh, yeah, you know how I can't stand the peace and quiet."  
"Oh, stop!” she replied, “I filled the canteens, grabbed us some berries and picked a bunch of veggies for our soup!" she said, still speaking in an excited manner.
The older-looking man had a fire burning in the fireplace, with a small kettle suspended over the flames.  There was a little bit of simmering water inside, and steam gently lifted out of the pot and into the room.  "Good" he said, "then I'll get to making us supper."
After a short pause the woman took on a more serious demeanor and asked, "Why won't you tell me what those smokestacks are for?  I try to look down there every day, but I can't see anything that's going on inside."
The old man didn't respond right away, but eventually said, "Alice, I've told you not to go over the ledge to look down there.  Why do you need to know what goes on inside that place?  Just believe me when I tell you that it's nothing you need to worry yourself about,” he said sternly, then continued in a more gentle tone, “All you need to worry about is tending to your garden and keeping me company.”
"Ok, fine," she said, playfully.  "You know one of these days, I'm going to get you to tell me what's down there." 
"Alice, don't worry about what's down there.  We have a good thing going on up here.  Now grab us some bowls and come take a seat."
The interior of the cabin was much larger than it appeared from the outside.  The ceiling peaked in the center with gentle sloping planks falling from the middle beam to the walls around the room.  Just inside the door there was a tiny wooden table with some stools in the right corner.  A small glass-paned window overlooked the table and let a little bit of light shine through.  Straight across the room in the back left corner was the stone fire place with the black kettle hanging above the flickering flames.  On the left side of the room there was another small window and a little wooden countertop with a bucket sitting on top of it.  Above the countertop, beside the window were two rickety cabinets hanging on the wall.  In the back right corner was a doorway with a tiny bedroom inside.  There were two sleeping bags on the floor.  One was rolled up against the wall over by the table and stools, and the other was spread open in the bedroom.
After a little while the smell of onions and garlic filled the room as the colonel took a metal pole, tucked it under a metal wire looping above the opening of the kettle, attached at either side, and placed it on a small smoothed out stone just outside of the fireplace.  Then the man took several spoonfuls of the liquid mixture and filled an old ceramic bowl.  He handed the bowl to Alice, then filled another bowl for himself.
"How are your vegetables handling the summer so far Alice?" the man asked.
"They seem to be loving all the sunshine.  I've never seen them this bright and full before.  It was a good idea you had to replant some of the seeds over there."
"Good," he said, “Have you been back down near your other garden lately?"
"Not since the last time.  After seeing that huge truck rolling down the hillside with all of those armed men surrounding it, I've been too nervous to go back.  I don't want them to see me out there."  After a short pause Alice continued, "Why were they all dressed in black uniforms with guns?  Were they looking for someone out here?"
"No.  They were probably just moving to a different location, that's all.  It's like I said before Alice, if you see anything or anybody while you're gathering food and water, find a place to hide as quickly as you can if you aren't able to get away without being seen.  You stay there, hidden until they move on.  And if you even think anybody has been following you, you come straight back here and tell me."
"Yeah, yeah, I know, everyone's out to get us, it's us against the world!" Alice replied jokingly.
"Heh, yeah, us against the world,” the man chuckled, then continued, “But I'm serious Alice.  There may still be good people out there, but you can't be too careful."
"I know, you don't have to worry about me Colonel, I can handle myself."
After a little while the man said, "Alright good.  I'm going to get to bed when I'm done with my soup.  You mind taking my bowl over to the bucket for me?"
"Sure," Alice replied, reaching for the bowl before becoming startled by a sound from outside of the cabin.
They heard what sounded like the snapping of twigs and pine cones coming from only a short distance away.  It seemed like the footsteps were getting closer.  The older man slowly stood up, moved his stool over to the side of the fireplace, crossed the room and took a large double-barreled shotgun from the corner by the door.  Meanwhile, Alice had taken a bucket of water and poured it over the fire to extinguish its light, leaving only a mound of faintly glowing embers.  Then she moved herself into the bedroom and peeked out from behind the doorway.  The room was dark and quiet.  The two people had never had anyone come anywhere near this place before.  It might be an animal, but they couldn’t risk not being cautious.  The footsteps stopped in front of the door.  The old man gently and quietly pulled back the shotgun and held it to his chest, just inside to the right of the doorway.  The door slowly inched open and a small figure passed through the threshold and into the room.  It took a step or two forward until the old man lowered the shotgun barrel dead center between the shoulder blades of the person and said, "That's far enough.  Don't move a muscle or I'll pull the trigger."
2.4 (Beyond)
Caleb stood frozen in place just beyond the open door of the cabin.  He felt the steel barrel of the gun resting gently against his back, right between his shoulder blades.  For a moment he thought maybe he could run.  Who was standing behind him?  Was it a Guardian from the grid?  Was it a member of an Eco-terrorist group?  His mind was racing, and he had quickly forgotten all about the stream, the berry bushes, and the protective forest around him.  The only thing he could focus on was the object leaning against his back.  It seemed like days had passed before the voice behind him continued, "Walk forward slowly.  Keep your hands where they are."
Having been overcome with shock upon entering the cabin, Caleb hadn't noticed the young woman peeking from around the corner of the doorway ahead of him.  When he finally did, he became mesmerized by her.  He had never seen a woman before.  As he stood gazing at her the voice gave orders again, this time with a more harsh tone than before, "If you value your life, start walking.  I'm not going to tell you again."
This snapped Caleb back to reality as he found his feet and slowly started moving toward the fireplace on the back wall of the cabin.  He glanced over at the woman a few times, with a look of confusion and nervousness, as he crossed the center of the room.  Their eyes locked and everything slowed down.  Her glittering green eyes pierced into the very depths of his soul.  He couldn't hide his fear from her.  The look that came back from her seemed to be one of reassurance and understanding, and somehow he didn't feel as afraid anymore.  "Ok good," the voice said, “Now slowly turn around and sit down on that stool there."
Caleb obeyed.  He turned to find the stool with his eyes while keeping his hands on his head and sat down on it.  The old man picked up an old lantern from the small wooden table, struck a match, and lit it.  Then he crossed the room with a sense of confidence and control toward the spot where Caleb was seated.  The way in which he carried himself made it seem as if he had done this many times before.  The man set the lantern on the floor at Caleb’s feet, then took another stool that was near the table and placed it in the center of the room.  Caleb's eyes traced the long metal barrel of his weapon, and he had a dreadful feeling wash over and through his mind, that this was just like being back inside of the grid again.  Now the moment was fully sinking in, he was at the mercy of this man.  His eyes left the barrel, onto the trigger, then the polished wooden butt-end.  His gaze crept up the old man's arm and onto his face, then into his eyes.  He was almost stoic looking.  He had long gray hair that was tied back, and a bushy gray beard.  The man's face was calm and still as he studied Caleb's simultaneously.  There was a brief silence until he broke back in, "What's your name?"
"Caleb," he replied.
"Ok.  Caleb.  What are you doing here?  How did you find this place?"
Caleb remained silent sitting on the stool, keeping his gaze focused on the weapon.
"Look son, I can sit here all night.  You're going to have talk to me sooner or later," the man urged.
"How do I know that I can I trust you?" Caleb asked.
"You don't,” the man said with a smile, “But you aren't in the position to have much of a choice now are you?"
Caleb continued sifting through his mind, searching for a way to buy some time, thinking of how he could escape.  The man sitting across from him looked completely calm and in control.  He wasn't anxious or nervous about Caleb's presence there.  
"How do I know you won't kill me after I answer your questions anyway?"  Caleb asked, staring the man squarely in the eye.
"You can't know for sure.  You're just going to have to take me at my word.”  The man started tapping the gun up and down on his lap, then continued, "How about this:  You ask me a question, and I'll answer.  I'll do the same for you.  Back and forth."  The old man continued to study Caleb's face and movements.  He kept the gun pointed down at the ground but still at the ready. 
"Alright," Caleb said, “You know my name … what's yours?"
The old man leaned back a little bit in his stool.  "My name is Aaron.  Now it's my turn.  How did you get here, Caleb?"
"I walked."
"Not good enough.  I know you walked, I heard you moving through the woods.  Where did you come from?"
After a while Caleb finally answered, "The grid."
"The grid?" the man asked, studying Caleb’s lab coat, “Do you mean one of the labor sectors”
"Isn't it my turn to ask you a question now?" Caleb asked softly.
The old man grinned.  Caleb reminded him of someone he knew.  "Yes, you're right!  Go ahead." 
Caleb looked over at the woman in the doorway, who had begun to inch her way further from behind the corner.  He began to feel a sense of security and comfort washing over him.  The gun was now resting on Aaron's lap, no longer was it pointed toward him.  The woman was slowly revealing herself from the doorway, her curiosity bringing her into the dimly lit room.  Even though Caleb was trapped, it wasn't the same type of feeling he had back inside of the grid.  "Did both of you escape from the grid too?" he asked.
The old man ran one hand slowly through his beard as if he was thinking about how he was going to respond.  "No.  We had to escape from a different kind of place.  Ok.  My turn,” he leaned forward and studied Caleb's face, "Describe this 'grid' for me."
Caleb thought for a moment.  He was surprised by the fact that even after having lived there his whole life, when asked what it was, he found it very difficult to explain.  "It was hell,” Caleb said quietly, as if remembering, “There’s no other way to describe it.  People who lived there were forced to work as long as the authorities wanted, and on whatever they desired done.  We could be monitored at any moment.  We were prisoners.  I hate the grid, and I hate the people who are in control."
"I see,” Aaron said, "You were in one of the Labor Sectors.  Or at least that's what we called them a long time ago." 
"Labor Sectors?  How many are there?  What do you mean, you called them that 'a long time ago'?"
"I don't know how many there are.  I've been out here for quite a while now.  It all started slowly, but once the Inner Circle had gotten a foothold, things sped up.  Too quickly for people to even know what had hit them," Aaron said, as he sat more relaxed in the stool.  "So, Caleb.  How did you manage to escape from one?  No offense, but you don't look like the type of person who could have fought his way out."
Caleb briefly hung his head, a little embarrassed by the remark, then said, "I didn't really have anything to do with it.  I had help.  All I did was follow directions."  He was beginning to feel more and more at ease as he spoke with Aaron.  He realized his hands had somehow made their way down to a resting position on his lap.  He quickly shot them back up onto the top of his head, but Aaron made a gesture indicating it was ok to leave them where they were.  "Where were you when things went bad?  How did you get out?"
"Actually Caleb, my home wasn't in a place that we needed to escape from."
"So, your home wasn't inside of a grid?" Caleb asked. 
"No, I didn't live in a 'grid' as you call them.  I was one of the Inner Circle members."
"What's the Inner Circle?"
"They are the authorities, the people in charge.  We were a wealthy, elite group.  We had spent years buying politicians into power, passing our legislation through to the public.  Very few people had the slightest idea what we were doing, let alone that we existed.  Our vision of the future was to create a perfect society with no flaws."
Caleb was stunned.  "You’re a Keeper?"
"Keeper?"  Aaron asked, somewhat confused.
"They are the ones who make all of the rules that we have to follow inside of the grid.  My father always called them 'Keepers'."
"Well...then yes I was.  I didn't know this was the vision of the future we were creating.  Their policies started getting more and more frightening.  They began determining who should live and die.  They slowly started setting up all of the individual labor sectors, mostly in uninhabited areas to keep it as secretive as possible.  I didn't like the direction they were taking, so when I tried to change their minds they decided I would have to die as well."  Aaron paused for a moment before continuing with his question.  "How exactly did you manage to get out of the 'grid'?  They used to have armed guards swarming the labor sectors when they first began using them."
"Not anymore.  Since they started issuing the pills, they didn't need as many," Caleb replied.
"When did they start giving out pills?  They hadn't done that before.  You got out, so they must not work all that well."
"I never took mine.  My father told me not to."
"How did he know not to take them?"
"He was a chemist, he helped develop the formula.  The people were told it was just an extra set of nutrient pills, but it basically turned them into robots.  They did something to the brain."
"Where is he now ... your father?"
Caleb looked down at the ground, "I'm not sure.  He was taken away a long time ago."
Aaron, in a comforting tone said, "I'm sorry to hear that.  The way things are, we all lose people we love earlier than we want."
Caleb nodded in agreement.  Silence hung momentarily, as if both men were remembering lost loved ones.
Finally Aaron broke in, "Well, this has been interesting.  Now we just have to figure out what to do with you."
Caleb snapped back to the realization that the gun was still in the man’s lap.  "I can just leave.  I'll get as far away from you as I can.  You don't have to worry about me coming back or telling anyone about you."
"Where would you go?  You have no idea where you are," Aaron asked.
"I don't know.  I'll just keep moving.  I’m hoping to come across a group who is fighting against the Keepers."
Aaron slowly leaned back in his stool and said, "That won't be necessary.  You can stay here, at least for tonight."
"Ok," Caleb said, uneasily.
"We only have two sleeping bags here, so you're going to have to sleep on the floor without one."
At this, the woman finally came out from behind the bedroom door frame and said, "No Daddy, he can sleep on mine tonight.  I'll sleep on the floor."
Aaron looked over at her as if he had almost forgotten she was hiding there and said, "Alright.  If that's what you want to do Alice, that's fine with me."
"Thanks," Caleb said, surprised, but grateful for her unexpected kindness, "but I'll be fine on the floor.  You keep your sleeping bag."
"Well then … you're welcome," she replied, with a smile, “My name's Alice."
"I'm Caleb."
"It's nice to meet you Caleb."
"It's nice to meet you too Alice."
With that she receded back into the bedroom and disappeared.  A faint rustling sound could be heard from within the darkness as she cloaked herself inside her sleeping bag.
"Ok then," Aaron said, "how about you get some sleep."
"No offense, but I don't think that's going to be too easy to do tonight."
Aaron laughed, "Well no offense to you, but I'm going to stay awake and hang onto this,” he said, holding up the shotgun.
It had been a long time since Caleb had been able to talk with anyone other than Andrew.  Even given these circumstances, he found himself somewhat happy to be around others like him.  People who weren't machines, who were still holding onto their humanity and could think for themselves.  Now, more than ever, hope flowed through him.  Maybe there were other kinds of people in the world.  People willing to give their lives fighting against the Keepers, fighting for their freedom.  
"Oh by the way," Aaron said, "my son was a part of one of the groups organizing against the Inner Circle, or the 'Keepers' as you call them.  I haven't seen or spoken with him in a very long time now.  A while back he left this cabin and went to join one of the Resistance groups he had come across.  How and if he was able to help them at all, I don't know.  All that to say, just so you know, there is hope."
Caleb was filled with a sense of relief.  He would find one of these groups eventually, and do what he could to help weaken the grip that the Keepers had over the people.  "Thanks," he said, and after a moment of silence asked, "What's your son’s name?"
Aaron directed his gaze out through a window and off into the distance as he spoke, "My son’s name is Patrick."
2.5 (Beyond)
Morning had begun to creep its way into a large decorated bedroom.  A man in his early forties slowly opened his eyes and sat up from his place underneath an elaborately designed quilt and red silk sheets.  He looked over toward a high vaulted window on the wall to the right of the bed.  Sunlight was glowing from around the edges of a set of purple curtains trimmed with gold.  The man pressed a button on the wall to the side of his bed and the drapes slowly spread apart, letting in a massive burst of light from outside.  He then moved to one side of the bed and placed his feet off onto the soft carpeted floor.  There was a pair of slippers in front of an oak nightstand that he pulled toward him with the tips of his toes and slid them into place on his feet.  He stood up and let out a contented yawn as he moved across the room to a tray of tea and scrambled eggs atop his reading desk.  The room was quiet, and as he poured the tea into his cup, the trickling sound echoed throughout.  He looked over at a tall wooden grandfather clock that was standing across the room opposite him.  It was 7:10.  There was a meeting that he was to attend later that afternoon, but he had plenty of time to enjoy his breakfast and make his way downstairs.  
When he finished eating, he made his way out of the bedroom into a long hallway with marble floors.  A row of glass chandeliers hung above his head and elaborate paintings lined the hallway on either side of him.  His slippers would let out an occasional squeak as they traversed the cool marble tiles.  At the end of the hall he turned onto a winding staircase leading to the bottom floor of the house.  It had gold-trimmed handrails, bright hardwood steps, and more paintings along the wall looping down.  As he neared the bottom he could hear the faint sound of a young child’s laughter.  He walked down another long hallway, much like the one upstairs, and entered the kitchen at the end.  The large open room, brightly lit from the numerous windows placed throughout, made the marble countertops sparkle and shine.  "Hey Dad," he heard as he passed through the doorway.
The man looked over toward a teenage boy of sixteen and said, “Good morning Patrick.  How are you?"
Patrick was very tall for his age with broad shoulders and an animated face.  He had thick blonde hair, but he kept it cut down to stubble.  His bright green eyes shot a piercing glance into whatever he fixed them on, as if they were trying to probe deeper than the surface.  He was very intelligent and had a firm understanding of rightness and justice.
"Pretty good," the boy responded, “They were talking about one of the Labor Sectors this morning on the Truth Net station.  I guess some more small riots broke out," he said, as a concerned look came over his face.  "They said that a few dozen people died.  Why do the people keep rioting?  It always ends the same, they always end up getting hurt or killed.  What’s going on inside the Sectors that makes them riot?"
The man patted the boy on his shoulder and said, "I know buddy.  I didn't know it was going to be like this.  Things are starting to get out of hand.  Some of the people in the group are coming out with some pretty frightening mandates to put in place.  Martin and I have been working on something to help the people inside of the Sectors."
“Really?” Patrick asked, “Like what?”
"Well, we’ve been trying to figure out a way to change some of the other Inner Circle members' minds.  We've been drawing up plans and policies that would make the conditions in the Labor Sectors better.  We’re going to present them to the council members today."
Patrick smiled.  "Good!” he said more cheerfully, “Hopefully they will listen to you guys.  I feel bad for the people inside the Sectors.  What was it like for them before the Inner Circle had them relocated there?"
"It was a lot like how it is for us now.  They may not have had as much land or as big of a house, but they were free to do whatever they wanted," he said, as he walked across the kitchen toward a large steel refrigerator. 
"Why did the Inner Circle decide to relocate them?"
The man thought momentarily, trying to remember.  "As I recall, there was an economic collapse.  The Inner Circle knew it was coming, so we began to prepare the Sectors as disaster relief camps.  They weren't supposed to be permanent, just until the unrest died down and things stabilized."
"Then why are there riots going on inside of them?" Patrick asked.
"I don't know.  To be honest, I've never been inside of one, or even near one for that matter.  My position in the Circle doesn't involve dealing with them."  He took a glass bottle of freshly squeezed orange juice from the refrigerator and then took a glass from a wooden cabinet with silver handles.  As he poured the juice, he continued, "Martin actually does have contact with the Sectors.  He said at first it wasn't bad at all.  People could do what they wanted within the confines of the compounds.  They were given three meals a day in clean cafeterias, bottles of water, clothing, beds, and other things.  But after the first couple of years the Inner Circle decided they were going to start managing the people's time there.  They took away their clocks, calendars, watches, all those things."  He looked sadly toward the floor.  "Then, slowly, they started taking away their humanity."
"Oh," Patrick said with a look of pity, “What are you and Martin going to tell the council today?"
The man placed the orange juice back into the refrigerator, picked up his glass, took a sip and said, "We've been coming up with ways to bring those little comforts back to the people.  The hardest part was coming up with the reasoning for it.  I think Martin has come up with a great reason," he became more lively and passionate as he continued, “The Inner Circle's greatest concern is for the survival of themselves.  They need the work being done inside the camps to continue so they can have the type of existence they want, despite what it means for others.  What Martin is going to present are some statistics showing that the people were more productive when they had some of their freedoms."  He finished his juice, looked over at a clock on the wall and said, "Oh boy Patrick, I've got to get moving,” Then continued, jokingly, “Keep yourself out of trouble here today.”
"Ok.  Good luck Dad.  I hope they listen to you guys."
The man let out a nervous chuckle, "Yeah, me too."
Thirty or so minutes had passed as the man walked out of the front door of his house and began walking up the street toward a massive, towering glass building.  He could see the giant chrome letters evenly spaced along the top of the building, BABEL.  The car he owned was parked alongside the house, but he never really used it as he was within walking distance to most anywhere he needed to go.  The streets were narrow, but the surroundings were beautiful.  Perfectly trimmed hedges, strategically planted trees, tall golden lampposts.  He needed to stop at Martin's house on the way to meet him and quickly go over some last minute details.  He had signed the finalized policy paperwork days earlier, and he was a little bit anxious about what the Inner Circle's reaction would be towards it.  Lately they had been bringing up the idea to begin using the massive incinerators inside some of the sectors.  Originally they had been used for burning garbage produced from the labor, but now there was a more sinister motive for them.  Some of the very high ranking members wanted to start cutting down the population by getting rid of 'undesirables'.  This made the man's stomach churn.  How can anyone treat other people this way, like garbage?  They’ve already caged them up, now they’re going to start weeding them out and think nothing of it?  He pushed the horrible images that had begun to form in his mind out and tried to focus on what he had to do now.
Before he knew it he had arrived at Martin's house.  It was a large brick building with vinyl siding and a high pointed roof.  As he approached the front door, he knew something was wrong.  There were fresh tire tracks driven straight across the front lawn that stopped near the door.  The man dropped his briefcase and hid behind a nearby bush.  Everything was eerily quiet.  He slowly crept his way to the cement steps leading to a massive green door.  He could see that the side of the door with the handle was completely destroyed.  The handle was bent inward and the wood around it was completely gone, nothing but splinters hung from the side.  He listened momentarily for any sound.  Minutes passed.  He slowly slid in through the narrow opening of the doorway, without moving the door at all.  Near one of the windows he noticed a puddle of spilled orange juice with shattered glass sprinkled throughout.  He walked down a long white hallway and passed into the kitchen.  Across the room he could see a set of glass double doors that had been completely shattered, the glass fragments still hanging from its sides were sprinkled with blood.  On the other side of the door he saw broken glass scattered all over the concrete patio with a puddle of blood in the center.  The man's heart began racing.  ‘Oh no … Martin!  What happened?!’ he thought.  A few feet beyond the blood was a briefcase that was broken open, laying on the lawn, its contents spilling out onto the bright green grass.  The man ran over to it and frantically searched its contents for the signed policy paperwork.  It was gone.  He knew that his name was on it, Aaron Browitz.  He was already dead.
Aaron sprinted from the back of Martin's house, and retraced his steps down the street.  His feet beat the pavement with such force he thought he was moving the earth with every step.  His heart was in his throat and he could feel it lurching up into his mouth.  He stopped momentarily to throw up, but quickly started moving again.  He got to the front door of his house with a sense of relief, as everything looked untouched.  He didn't have much time.  He burst into the front door and yelled, "Patrick!  Grab your bag and your sister and get in the car!"
Patrick appeared around the corner, alarmed and confused at his father's tone of voice. "What's going on dad?  What happened?"
"There's no time," Aaron said as he ran past Patrick, up the stairs to his office.  As he ascended he yelled back down to Patrick, "Just do it, NOW!"
Patrick quickly disappeared down the hallway screaming, "Alice, Alice!"
Time seemed to stand still.  Every second counted now.  Aaron knew the few things he had to grab.  He had packed a couple of backpacks with some items a few years earlier, in the event that a quick escape became necessary.  As he grabbed two of them out of his closet he yelled downstairs, "Patrick, do you have her?!"
From a distance Patrick replied, "I've got her!  We're heading to the car!"
Good, Aaron thought as he headed back toward the staircase.  He was moving so fast he couldn't feel his feet touching the ground.  He met his children out in the car and tried to start the engine.  It had been a long time since he had last used it, and it wouldn’t start up.  
“Come on, come on,” Aaron said under his breath, tightly gripping the steering wheel.
Finally the ignition sputtered and clicked on.  Almost as soon as the car started they were around the corner on two wheels, heading out of the town.  "What's going on Dad?" Patrick asked, with a surprising calmness in his voice.
Alice was on Patrick’s lap in the back seat, crying.  She was only two years old.
In between long deep breaths Aaron said, "We have to get out of here.  We're not safe here anymore."
Just as the car turned a corner at the end of their street, Aaron caught a glimpse of a large black Humvee barreling up the hill and onto their lawn.  He drove with his foot to the floor for hours.  When they had reached the spot Aaron had visited long ago with his father, he stopped the car, got the children and bags out, and sent the car over a ledge.  He let it plummet down a steep mountain slope and crash into a small lake at the bottom.  He turned and looked at his kids.  Patrick was calmly and patiently waiting for the next move, and Alice who had stopped crying, still had tears building up in her eyes as her lips quivered.  Aaron picked Alice up and gave her a big hug.  "It's going to be ok sweetie,” he whispered in her ear, “We're safe now."  
He rested his hand on Patrick's shoulder as they disappeared into a thick forest of pine trees off the side of the road.
2.6 (Beyond)
Caleb opened his eyes and waited as they slowly came to focus on the peak of the wooden ceiling of the cabin.  He looked to his left, out of the small window over the bucket of water.  It was morning.  He was surprised that he had been able to get any sleep that night.  ‘I must have been more tired than I thought.’  From the other side of the room he heard in a quiet voice, "Well Caleb, it looks like you were able to get some sleep after all."
Caleb turned his head toward the voice.  It was Aaron.  He was in the exact same position he was in when Caleb last saw him, before he had fallen asleep.  "Yeah.  I guess I must have been pretty tired," Caleb said, as he slowly sat up on the floor.  His back was somewhat stiff.  The events of the past couple of days had begun to take their toll on his body.  He let out a grunt as muscles pulled and twisted in his back and legs.
"You alright?" Aaron asked, as he stood up from his stool across the room and moved a few steps closer to Caleb.  The shotgun was still in his hands, pointed toward the floor.
"I'm ok," Caleb replied as he stretched his arms out in front of him in an attempt to untangle the muscle that felt like it was twisted like a vine around his back, "Just a little bit sore."  He nervously glanced over at the gun, then up to Aaron's face.
"You'll be fine, I'm sure.  You just need a little rest."  There was a long pause of silence until a rustling sound came from the bedroom door in the back corner of the cabin and Alice slowly emerged from inside.
"Good morning guys," she said as she stretched her hands over her head toward the ceiling.  The sunlight cutting through the cracks of the cabin met her eyes and lit them up, the bright green color sparkling and dancing.
"Good morning Alice," Aaron said, "How did you sleep?"
"I slept fine, thanks."  She looked over at Caleb and smiled.  Caleb looked down briefly before returning the smile, then looked back over at Aaron who hadn't noticed the gesture.  "How did you sleep out here on this rock hard floor?" she asked with the smile still on her face, recapturing Caleb's attention.
He chuckled nervously and said, "Oh, the most comfortable sleep I've had in days.  Actually, you know what, the sad part is, that's kind of true."  For some reason Alice made Caleb feel more comfortable, even from the moment he first saw her hiding back within the doorway of the bedroom the night before.  There was something about the way she looked at him that first time.  She had a tenderness in her eyes, almost as if she were trying to let him know without saying it that he was safe with her.  It gave him a sense of hope that these two people were kind, not like anyone else he had met since his father had been reassigned. 
"Why don't you head on out to the garden Alice.  You can refill these canteens too while you're out there," Aaron said as he motioned toward three canteens sitting near the front door.
"Yes sir, Colonel!" Alice said as she walked over to the backpack that was leaning up against the wall to the left of the door.  She picked it up, placed the three canteens inside, and disappeared into the forest.
There was a moment of silence as they listened to her footsteps slowly fading away in the distance.  Aaron walked toward the door and closed it after the silence had set back in.  "Why did she call you Colonel?" Caleb asked. 
Aaron laughed.  "It's kind of a joke she started a while back.  She used to tell me I could be too bossy sometimes.  I guess it started as a sarcastic nickname for me.  To be honest, I've grown to like it.  She was too young to understand back then, I only told her what she had to do for her own good.  As you know, it's not pretty out there."
Caleb nodded in agreement and asked, "So … when did you want me to leave today?"
"I don't know yet Caleb.  How about you help me out around here today.  Maybe if you feel less sore tomorrow you can head out."
Caleb leaned his hands back behind him as if he were getting ready to stand and said, "Ok.  What do you need me to do?"
Aaron pointed out through one of the windows with the gun and said, "See that stack of wood over there?  I am going to need a dozen or so brought in for a fire later on when it gets dark.  Then you can take the bucket of water over there down to the stream and wash it and the bowls out.  Then come back with it about a quarter of the way full with fresh water.  You do all that and you've earned yourself some food for tonight."
Caleb picked himself up off the floor, looked at Aaron and said, "Sure, I can do that, no problem."  His legs took a moment to come back to him as he swayed from side to side in place.  "Well, maybe after my legs wake up."  Aaron smiled, opened the door of the cabin, walked outside and stood facing the wood pile about twenty feet away from him.  Caleb slowly made his way past him, still a little bit nervous of the gun in Aaron's hand.
"Don't worry, I'm not going to hurt you.  Don't you think if that was my intention I would have by now?" Aaron said in a kind, calming tone of voice.
"Yeah ... I guess it's because the only people I've ever seen with guns have been the Guardians.  I never knew what to expect from them.  I just tried my best to be invisible around them."
Aaron walked slowly behind Caleb as he moved toward the logs.  "Caleb, how exactly did you manage to get out of the 'grid'?  You didn't tell me specifically last night."
"It's like I said, I just followed directions."
"Yes, but what directions.  I've never heard of anyone escaping one of the Sectors before, back when I was part of the Inner Circle."
Caleb kept walking toward the logs, and when he had reached them, began picking up as many as he could.  The stiffness of his back made every little movement more difficult, but he fought through it.  As he turned around with five logs bundled in his arms, he saw Aaron standing a few feet away from him without the gun.  He had left it leaning up against the outside of the cabin.  Aaron studied his face carefully when he saw that Caleb had realized this.  Caleb began to feel more comfortable and said, "Well, I can only tell you what I did to get out.  I can't tell you exactly how everything fell into place, just because I don't know.  My father set all of that up for me when I was younger.  He was friends with one of the Guardians inside of the grid.  He told me where I could find a small EMP device to turn off and remove a tracking chip that was put inside of my neck."  He turned his head away from Aaron exposing the back of his neck where the chip had been implanted.  There was a round burn mark surrounding a small scab.  "A Guardian told me a set of directions one day on my way back from the department.  I assumed that was the same one who knew my father."
"The department?" Aaron asked.
"The Department of Human Advancement.  That's where they had me working.  They gave me assignments in genetic manipulation mostly.  Anyway, I had dug up the EMP device not long before I was given the directions.  I was able to get my chip out with it and found a small area of fence and barbed wire that had been cut open along the bottom where the Guardian had told me.  Then I was able to crawl through and get out."
"I see," Aaron said, "What was your father like?"
Caleb went on to tell Aaron about his father, that he had always taught him how to keep himself safe while inside of the grid.  That he had taught him how to act and speak around others inside.  He eventually told him about the night he was taken away by the Guardians.
"It's too bad that had to happen to him, Caleb.  If I had known what the men I once called my colleagues were doing to the poor people inside of the Labor Sectors I could have tried to do something, even though I think it would have been too late.  The higher ranking members of the Circle must have had this planned out from the beginning.  They are arrogant, self-righteous fools, Caleb."  Aaron began to get more intense as he spoke.  "The only reason they live is for their own pleasure.  They don't care about anyone or anything other than themselves."
Caleb had dropped the first load of wood inside the cabin and the two men had been standing in front of the fireplace talking for quite some time.  Aaron told Caleb about the day that he, Patrick, and Alice had escaped.
"I never met my mother," Caleb said, "What happened to your wife ... Alice's mother?"
Aaron grew quiet, "She died shortly after Alice was born.  There were complications with the birth, they told me."
"Oh," Caleb said, "I'm sorry."
"It's alright.  It was a long time ago.  Alice looks so much like her, having her around makes me feel like a small part of her is still with me too."  He looked deeply into Caleb's eyes.  "Caleb, there is a reason that you never met your mother.  There are Fertility Sectors.  Your father was probably a very intelligent man that the Inner Circle used as a donor.  Everything is done artificially.  Usually, once the child is born, and considered to be without defect, they aren't sent back to their father.  You must have been a special case.  Most times they would assign the children to specific Sectors based on their development early on."
Caleb thought for a moment and then asked, "What if they were born with defect?"
Aaron frowned and said, "They were sent to the incinerators."
2.7 (Beyond)
The cell was damp and dark.  From beyond the small slit in the large steel door, Guardians yelling orders, rats squeaking and scurrying around, and the sound of hinges opening and closing could be heard.  The room was ten feet by ten feet, if that, with a window high up on the back wall, almost near the ceiling.  There was no bed, no food, no water, just concrete all around.  An older looking man was sitting in the middle of the room, staring out through the window.  On his lab coat, printed on the right flap was, 137-47A.
It was night, but through the window a full moon shining above let in a small amount of light, and flooded the area around which it shone.  The man sat still and silent, gazing up at the night sky.  It was clear, and he spent what he imagined to be the last few moments alive taking in the great expanse beyond earth.  He traced pictures in the stars and brought himself back to the many nights he had spent in the past doing the same thing with the one he loved most.  The past several seasons had been a test of will for him.  Beatings, withholding of food and water, sleep deprivation and questioning was all he had known since he had arrived in this cell.  The men responsible for his pain had told him that he was worth the effort of trying to bring back in line with the vision they had for him.  After a while, they realized that he would never be willing to bend his knee to them and he was scheduled for reassignment.  That's what this place was.  A holding place for those who would be facing the ultimate penalty of treason and anarchy against the Inner Circle.  
The man continued tracing the constellations above, proud that he had stood his ground and not given in to his accusers.  He had done nothing wrong, and he knew it.  They were the ones who were wrong.  They were the ones full of evil and deceit, enslaving the entire populace so they could live in splendor at the expense of the common man's suffering.  The silence was finally broken when he heard a loud clunking sound behind him, the sound of the large steel door unlocking.  The hinges droned with a sickening squeal as the door slowly crept open.  The man remained perfectly still, staring out through the window.  Finally a harsh, low voice spoke, "137-47A, on your feet."
The man slowly turned toward the voice, showing no fear, no intimidation, only calmness as he stood up in the middle of the room and faced the Guardian square on.  "My name ... is Joshua," he said. 
The Guardian continued as if he hadn't heard the words spoken to him, "This way, let's go."
Joshua obeyed.  He didn't slow his pace or try to fight.  He had accepted his fate long ago when he was first brought to this place.  The hallway outside of the cell was dimly lit.  Footsteps echoed up, down, and around the twisting corridors as the two men walked.  Joshua's hands were bound with a very coarse rope that had been tied so tightly that his wrists began to bleed as the Guardian tugged on the line attached at the other end.  He was like an animal on a leash, heading for slaughter.  He never spoke, never made any indication of fear or pain.  They travelled through the hallway for quite some time.  The building must have been massive in size.  
Finally they had reached a large open room at the end of the hallway.  This room was much brighter, as there were large windows stretching along the front side of the building.  Underneath the row of windows was a set of double doors that were locked shut, with tall windows to its left and right.  Outside the double doors was a small booth-like structure with a handful of Guardians inside.  Joshua could see them laughing and talking with each other, as if they were unaware of what was going on inside this place.  But they knew.  They just didn't care.  As long as they were taken care of, nothing else mattered to them.  Joshua was taken to a long metal bench lining the room opposite the windows on which numerous other prisoners had already been seated.  The Guardian harshly shoved him to the ground in front of the bench and said, "Sit.  Remain here until further notice."
Joshua slowly picked himself up off the ground and sat down on the long bench.  He continued to gaze out through the now much larger scenic vista.  He traced shapes into the stars.  He admired the silver glow of the moonlight breaking over the tops of a small puff of clouds.  He could feel a gentle breeze blowing around the room from the wall of windows.  He closed his eyes and peacefully let the air flow all around his body.
It wasn't until morning that someone came to take him from his spot on the bench.  When one of the other prisoners' numbers had been called, he began to yell at the man in the lab coat who had called him, "No!  That can't be right!  There must be some kind of mistake!  Take him!"  Pointing toward a man who had been seated beside him, “He's the one who betrayed you!  Not me!"  
When the man saw that his pleas would go unheard he sprinted toward the large double doors leading outside of the building.   He crashed through the glass, hands still tied, and ran as fast as he could past the Guardians’ station just outside, and barreled his way down the street.  Joshua and the other prisoners could see what was happening through the windows of the building.  The man made it about twenty or thirty feet before one of the Guardians calmly walked outside of the post and fired three rapid shots, pop, pop, pop.  Almost as soon as those shots were fired, the man was face down on the ground, now slowly squirming forward.  The Guardian calmly walked down the street toward the man.  He put his heavy leather boot on the man's back, looked back at the other prisoners who were watching in horror from their place on the bench, and fired one last shot, pop.  There was no more movement.  The echo from the last shot lingered in the air while the Guardian picked the man up, brought him to a black Humvee, and disappeared down the street.
When Joshua's number was called, he was led down a short, much more brightly lit hallway, and through a set of sliding glass doors.  Inside this room were several men in white lab coats.  There was a white chair in the center of the room.  It looked like a chair found in a dentist’s office, a bright white light hanging directly above, and a slightly reclining back piece.  There were numerous IV bags suspended up in the air and strands of tubing hovering overhead.  They took him to the chair, sat him down and strapped him in.  Nobody said a word.  The room was eerily quiet, no sounds other than footsteps and the occasional clinking of glass were made.  Joshua stayed perfectly still, calm, at peace.  One man came over to him and rubbed the inside of his arm with an alcohol pad, then gently stuck an IV tube into one of the veins.  Joshua felt the cold metal enter his arm, then saw a clear liquid slowly making its way from a bag hanging above his head and begin to drip into his body.  Everything slowed down.  His heartbeat and breathing seemed to soften.  He was even more relaxed now than he had been before.  He thought that it must be some kind of sedative.  Then he lost the ability to think clearly.  He was enveloped in a blissful peace.  There were no cares, thoughts, actions, nothing.  Just peace.
After a while, Joshua was removed from the chair and led back down the hallway and into the large open room.  There was a long line of other people waiting there.  A Guardian came in through the large set of double doors on the front wall and said, "All prisoners come to me."  
With that, everyone, including Joshua, obeyed.  They had no control over what was happening.  They were just mindlessly going through the motions now.  Once outside the building they moved down a narrow street.  The area looked old.  There were several large brick and stone buildings all around with fencing and barbed wire all along the perimeter and cutting through certain areas.  This place used to be a city block back before the people were sent to live inside of the grids.  The group, led by a handful of Guardians, made their way toward a pair of towering cylindrical smokestacks in the back corner of the complex.  They passed through a gate with a sign that Joshua could barely make out the lettering of before passing by, Inciner ...  That was all he was able to see.
The group approached a tunnel leading into the buildings at the base of the towers.  They followed a straight, wide hallway before coming to a big mechanical-looking door.  One Guardian made a motion with his hand and the massive door began to hiss and grind open.  As it slowly raised from the ground the Guardians began to reposition themselves behind the group.  After the door had fully opened, one of them shouted, "Move forward, into the room!"
Ahead of them, in the back corner of a large open room, the man who was shot earlier lay motionless, crumpled up against the wall.  The group moved like sheep into a massive open space with nothing above, and a grated floor below.  A Guardian made another signal and the door slowly rattled shut.  The room was starting to spin, Joshua's legs felt weak and limp.  In a stupor, he slowly surveyed the room.  The other people around him were all silent and drooping.  The smell was horrible.  He looked directly up and noticed an opening high above his head where the sun was creeping across the sky.  There was a humming sound growing ever-louder from below his feet.  The room was getting very hot from where he stood, and in his state of mind he wondered if it was the sun that was the cause of it.  He smiled and continued gazing up at the opening which had now begun to fill with smoke.  A few of the people had begun to lose the effects of the sedatives and were lined up against the door screaming in pain and banging on its hard metal surface.  Joshua remained perfectly still, fully aware of what was going on around him, but completely and utterly peaceful.  There was a large glass window a short distance up one of the walls with faceless men in lab coats looking down at the group.  Despite the roar from below him, the heat nipping at his heels, and the smoke beginning to fill the room, he was motionless.  Some of the people who had been banging on the door were now frantically writhing in pain on the grate as flames began to overtake their bodies.  In a flash, a large fire ignited from below him with great force as he whispered, "Caleb."
2.8 (Beyond)
Caleb had finished loading the cabin with wood for the night, and after briefly talking with Aaron, he headed down to the stream to fill a small plastic bucket that they used for washing their bowls and hands.  About two weeks had passed since he first met Aaron and Alice.  He had taken over stacking the wood and filling the water bucket each day since he arrived.  He walked for several miles before hearing the sound of water rushing just ahead of him beyond the pine branches.  Pushing his way through, he emerged from the dense forest as the sunlight began to pour over his body.  It was warm, and seemed to embrace him in a comforting hold as he closed his eyes and looked up into the sky.  It was a brilliant blue, clean and welcoming.  He walked over to the bank of the stream and set the bucket down.  Then he walked to the row of berry bushes lining the edge of the forest and took some to eat.  After he had eaten enough, he made his way back toward the bucket and sat next to it.  He took off his canvas shoes, still the same ones from the grid, and rolled up his pant legs.  He filled the bucket with water and returned to the bank of the stream where he sat looking up into the sky.  Off in the distance he could see a pillar of thick black smoke climbing over the top of one of the lower peaks of the mountain range.  He wondered what it was and watched as the smoke twisted and bent, further climbing into the clear blue sky, corrupting its beauty as it filled the air.
After a while of sitting and enjoying the fresh air, he took the bucket and headed back into the forest toward the cabin.  A few miles in, he saw the pine tree with an “x” carved in it.  When he finally arrived back at the cabin, he knocked on the door and said, "Hey Aaron, I'm back with the water."
There was no response.  Everything was eerily quiet.  He opened the door and peered inside, but couldn't see anyone.  Finally, Aaron poked his head out from within the bedroom.    "Well," he said in a playful tone, "what are you waiting for?  Get that water in here!"  
Caleb was relieved.  He smiled as he entered the room, placing the bucket of water along the left wall by the cabinets that were falling apart.  Aaron had already started a small fire, the flickering light dancing along the wooden walls.  It was dusk now and Alice hadn't returned back from her garden.  "What's Alice doing?" Caleb asked.
"Ahh, she's always out and about when she goes to grab food from the garden.  She's very curious.  She likes to explore new areas of the forest that she hasn't been to before," Aaron said as he poured a little bit of the water from the bucket into the black kettle.  "Her curiosity has the potential to get her into trouble though.  There are some country roads not far from here.  One day she told me she saw a small group of Guardians escorting a flame-tank.  She didn't know what it was, but when she described it to me I knew."  He made his way over to the fireplace and began to hang the kettle over the flames.  "I told her to let me know if she ever sees anything out of the ordinary.  She's a smart girl.  I trust her to be safe out there."
Caleb held the kettle in place for Aaron as he hung the wire straps through the hooks above the flames.  "What's a flame-tank?" he asked.
"They’re weapons that the Inner Circle use.  Basically, they are very big armored Humvees that have long nozzles that shoot out fire.  They use these tanks to clear through forests now.  Before the transition, they used them on the people who fought against them."  Aaron gave one last tug on the wire to make sure it was secured.  "There we go," he said with a grunt of satisfaction.
"What was it like before the transition, Aaron?" Caleb asked.  "The only person I could ask before was my father, but he couldn't remember."
Aaron laughed, "You know, my son asked me that very same question a long time ago."  He grabbed a stool and set it next to the fireplace, then sat down. 
"Patrick," Caleb said.
 "Yes, Patrick," Aaron said with a smile.  "It was much different than how things are now.  People were free to do what they wanted.  People owned their own houses, cars, items.  There were places to go for fun.  They still worked, but they worked for themselves, not for the Inner Circle."
Caleb had a smile on his face as Aaron told him this, picturing the world which he described.  "How did the Inner Circle get everyone to give all of that up?"
"Well, it's complicated, and it took decades to do."
"What's a decade?"
"Oh, right.  Before the transition, people kept time.  There were seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months and years."  He leaned back on his stool as he spoke, putting his hands behind his head, almost as if he were reminiscing.  "A decade was ten years.  I know it's hard for you to understand.  You know how you keep track of the seasons?  It's kind of like that."
Caleb nodded.  "Ok, so how did the Inner Circle get the people to work for them?"
"Right, like I said, it took time for it to fully unfold.  It started with little things, like people allowing some of their freedoms to be stripped away.  But there was always a good reason for it.  The Inner Circle members are devious.  They made the people believe it was for their own good to lose some of those freedoms."  Aaron leaned forward and dipped his finger in the water in the kettle.  He quickly removed his hand and shook it.  "Wow that heated up quick!"  He leaned back and continued.  "Honestly Caleb, it would be hard for you to understand since the only thing you've ever known is how it is now.  I am truly sorry for the part I played in all of this.  If I could go back and change things I would, but that's not possible."
Caleb felt compassion for Aaron and the regret he held about his past.  Aaron reminded him of his father in a way.  He could answer his questions, and Caleb felt safe around him.  He felt safe now in this place, wherever it was.  "You could always help me find one of the Resistance groups," he said with excitement.  
Aaron looked down at the ground remembering the day that his son left to join the Resistance.  He couldn't be sure if the people that Patrick went to join were who they said they were, but he trusted his son’s judgment.
"Yes.  I could," Aaron said, looking back up at Caleb, "You have to remember, I don't know these people.  I've never met them.  Patrick left to join them a long time ago, they may not even be there anymore.  If it's something that you would really want to risk doing, I can help you.  But you will need to be discerning.  I would hate to help you find them and in the process get you hurt."
Just as Aaron finished that sentence, Alice came bursting through the door, "Hey guys!"
"Welcome back sweet heart!" Aaron said, as he stood up from his stool to greet her.  "How was the garden?"
"Wow, Daddy!  You're in a really good mood!" she said, beaming.  Looking at Caleb she said, "You can stay here as long as you'd like!"
Caleb smiled at her, he couldn't help it.  There was something about her, the way she seemed so happy and carefree all the time.  She was unlike anyone he had ever met.  It was intoxicating to him.
"What'd you get us for dinner Alice?" Aaron asked.
"More of the usual.  Veggies, veggies, and more veggies!" she said jokingly.
"Ah, wonderful!  My favorite!" Aaron said, playing along with her.
Alice went across the room and dropped her backpack onto the ground.  She pulled out numerous plastic bags filled with bright green vegetables. 
"Here, come help me bring some of these over to the fire, will you Caleb?" Aaron asked.
Caleb got up from his spot on the floor and took a few of the plastic bags into his arms and followed Aaron back over to the fireplace.  He handed them to him one at a time until the kettle was just past halfway full.  "Thanks," Aaron said.
"Sure," Caleb replied.  After a brief moment of silence he said, "Aaron, thank you for letting me stay here with you guys.  You have no idea how great this has been.  Since my father was taken, I haven't had a single person to talk to.  I really appreciate it."
Aaron smiled at him and said, "The pleasure has been all mine, Caleb."
Alice carried a stool over and put it at Caleb's feet.  "Here you go, why stand when you can sit?" she said with a smile.
"Thanks," Caleb said.
Alice walked back across the room and grabbed another stool for herself.  Then she grabbed three bowls out of the old cupboard, made her way toward them and sat down.  The three of them sat silently watching the vegetables tumult and turn in the kettle.  "So ... how was your day?" she asked happily.
Caleb looked toward her.  She was grinning, her eyes were sparkling reflecting the flames from the fireplace.  A big smile stretched across his face.  "It was great."
"Good!" Alice said, laughing.  "I had an interesting day today myself," she looked over at Aaron and continued, "You know those pillars I keep asking you about down inside of that weird complex?" 
A serious look came over Aaron's face as he said, "Alice, how many times have I told you ... I'm not going to tell you..."
"No, no, no!  Let me finish!  I wasn't going to ask you anything this time."  Aaron had stopped talking to let her continue.  His arms were folded almost as if he was warning her not to bring up the subject.  "Today, after I picked the veggies, I looked over toward where that place is.  Over one of the hills I could see a big pillar of thick, black smoke going up into the air."
Caleb interrupted, "Oh yeah, I saw that too, when I was down at the stream.  What was it from?"
"Well, I climbed up the ledge to look down into the complex.  I took out my binoculars and focused them on the smoke.  I followed the smoke down to these two large towers that he won't tell me about," Alice said, motioning toward Aaron.
Both Caleb and Alice looked silently at Aaron, waiting for him to say something.  Aaron leaned forward from the stool and began to fill the bowls with the vegetables.  He slowly poured some into one bowl and handed it to Alice.  Then another to Caleb.  Then he took one for himself.  He took a few bites before leaning back on his stool.  
"Aaron.  What's down in the place Alice saw?  Is it another grid?"  Caleb asked.
"No.  That's a reassignment camp, and the pillars Alice saw were smoke stacks.  It's one of the incinerators."
Silence hung in the room.  Caleb knew what he meant, Aaron had told him about the Inner Circle sending babies that were born with defects there.  Alice still didn't know what he was talking about and asked, "What are the incinerators?"
Aaron remained silent, eating his dinner.  Caleb turned toward Alice and said, "Actually, I think you're better off not knowing."
Aaron nodded at Caleb.  Then said, "If you really want to know, I'll tell you.  But I promise you, you aren't going to like it."
"I don't care.  I really want to know," she said as she leaned forward, her curiosity growing.
Aaron went on to tell her what they were used for.  Alice's care-free, happy demeanor changed as she learned the horrible facts.
"That's disgusting!" she cried, outraged, "How can anyone do that to other people?!"
"The Inner Circle members are disgusting Alice."  Aaron said.  "That's why I told you not to look at that place.  I didn't want you to know about these things.  As long as you know that it's dangerous out there, that's good enough."
Alice sat, thinking through what she had just learned, and slowly said, "I know dad." 
The three of them sat quietly.  Alice hadn't been able to finish her dinner, still reeling from the information she had just gotten.  After a while she stood up and said, "I think I'll turn in now.  Good night guys."  
Caleb and Aaron both said good night and remained sitting in front of the fireplace.  Caleb stared into the flickering coals as the fire died down.  He didn't want to have to leave this place just yet.  He wanted to stay a while longer with these people.  Even though he had just met them, they felt like family to him.  It made him feel as if he still had his father with him.  He looked over at Aaron and said, "Aaron, I would really like to stay with you both a while longer ... if that's ok with you."
Aaron looked from the fire, over to Caleb, smiled and said, "I was going to suggest the same thing."
2.9 (Beyond)
Inside the cabin sunlight flittered down through narrow cracks between the wooden panels of the roof above.  A pair of bright green eyes shot open, momentarily staring up at the ceiling.  It was some time in the afternoon, the sun was directly overhead.  Patrick had slept in much later than normal.  "I guess I must have been more tired than I thought," he said under his breath as he sat up from his sleeping bag and stretched his arms out in front of him.  He let out a long, drawn out yawn, and stood up.  Just as he had gotten to his feet, the door of the cabin burst open and Alice came running in, full of energy.  She ran across the room and jumped into Patrick's arms.  
"Patrick!" she said in an excited voice.
Patrick lifted her off the ground, swung her around in the air, and held her in his arms.  "How's my big, little sister doing today?!" he asked as he lowered her onto the floor.  
Alice was only about five or six years old, while Patrick was somewhere in his late teens or early twenties.  Aaron had entered the room shortly behind Alice.  "Good morning, son.  I see you slept in late today."
"Yeah, I must have really needed to rest.  I guess yesterday took a lot out of me."
Aaron was carrying a large back pack and bucket which he set down just inside the doorway.  "I see that.  How late did you get back last night?  I must have fallen asleep earlier than usual," he said, as he crossed the room to the fireplace and began throwing logs into the fire.
"It must have been pretty late.  It was dark for quite a while before I made it back here," Patrick said as he followed Aaron over to the fireplace and began handing him logs, one at a time.
"Patrick, Patrick, look what I found!" Alice yelled excitedly from behind them.
He looked back at her and smiled.  "Oh, I see you got yourself some berries there, huh?  Now you don't want to go eating all of them at once, you'll spoil your dinner."
Alice giggled as she shoved a handful of the berries into her mouth.
"Do you mind bringing the vegetables over to me Patrick?" Aaron asked as he pulled a stool up to the freshly kindled fire.
"Sure thing," Patrick replied, as he crossed the room, grabbed a few of the plastic bags filled with vegetables and handed them to Aaron.  Then he picked up a black kettle and filled it a quarter of the way with water from the bucket and brought it over to the fireplace.  "Dad.  I found something yesterday, that's why I didn't get back until late."
Aaron went about latching the kettle onto the metal hooks hanging above the fire.  "Yeah, what's that?" he asked with a grunt as he struggled to set the kettle in place.
Patrick bent over and held the kettle still so Aaron could more easily latch the wire to the hook.  "Thanks, Patrick."
"You’re welcome," Patrick said, then stood back up and pulled over a stool to sit across from his father, "I was walking through the woods, about six or seven miles from here, following that old country road from the ridge overlooking it."
"You didn't see any of them did you?" Aaron asked.
Patrick shook his head.  "No, nothing like that.  I followed it further than I have before and it led out to a much larger road.  There were cars scattered all over it.  Chunks of concrete were missing from areas here and there,” He gestured with his arms as he spoke, "There were two sides to the road, separated by a long metal rail in the middle.  Each side had rows of striped white lines running next to each other."
Aaron sat forward in his stool.  "Yeah, that's one of the highways people used to drive on ... before everything happened."
Patrick continued, "Ok, yeah, so, I crossed over both sides of the road and into another forest.  I walked for another mile or so and found a long brick building with square glass windows lining the front."
"Were there any words on the building?"
"No, just brick and glass was all I could see.  I went up to a set of double doors with metal handles on them and pulled on one." 
Aaron listened intently, waiting for what his son was going to tell him.
"I rattled on both of them, but they wouldn't budge.  I turned around to try to find a branch or something to break the glass with."  Patrick began to speak more enthusiastically.  "By the time I found one, walked back to the double doors and got ready to take a swing, the door flung open and I had a gun pointed at my face!"
Aaron opened his mouth to say something, but Patrick cut him off and continued his story.  "The man with the gun didn't look like one of Guardians that I've seen a few times on the country road.  He was different.  He was wearing a green jacket with black and brown splotches on it.  And his gun looked pretty old, kind of like your shotgun," he said, as he pointed at the gun that was hidden above the cabinets, out of Alice's reach.
"Then what happened?  What did he say to you?" Aaron asked eagerly.
"After I saw him, I realized there were five more of them standing behind him, all with guns pointed at me.  I panicked a little bit and threw my hands up over my head.  I didn't say anything, just stood there frozen in place."  Patrick leaned back in his stool again.  "They asked me what I was doing there and I told them that I was just walking around."
"See Patrick, that's why I told you to be more careful when you're out there exploring.  It's not safe to be ..."
Patrick nodded.  "I know Dad, you've told me that plenty of times.  But after I told them that I was just walking around they had me follow them inside the building.  They led me down a dark hallway with a bunch of doorways on either side.  The only light coming in was from the sun shining through the windows of each individual room."
"Was there anything inside the rooms?" Aaron asked.
"I didn't get a good look, really.  I was kind of lost in the moment, just following the guy in front of me," Patrick went on, "Toward the end of the long hall we turned and went up some stairs.  I heard a humming kind of sound coming from the top, and I could see some light.  Not sunlight though, this was some kind of white light, kind of like what we had back at the house."
"Wait.  They had lights on in there?  How were they able to get lights?"
"They told me later on.  That humming I heard was the sound of a generator that was powering electricity to certain parts of the building.  But before they told me that, they hooked me up to a machine with wires and asked me a bunch of questions.  I guess I did well because they unhooked me and one of them said, 'At ease'.  The other guys lowered their guns after he said that."
"Did the machine draw lines onto scrolling paper as they asked you questions?"
"Yeah it did.  How did you know that?" Patrick asked, somewhat surprised.
"It's a lie detector machine.  It monitors your body’s reaction to questions they have you answer."
"It could tell if I was lying?"
"Yes, it can."
Patrick reflected on that moment briefly before laughing, "Well then I guess I passed it!"
"Ok, so, go on, what did they say to you?  Who are they?"
"After I answered their questions, they took me to a row of computers.  They kind of reminded me of the television we used to have at the house, except this one had rows of text on it.  The man who was leading me around, who seemed to be in charge there, told me it was a coded message.  He told me that was how he communicated with the other groups around the area."  Patrick began to speak excitedly again.  "Dad, they're a revolutionary group!  They told me that they have been working on different ways of infiltrating the Sectors.  Apparently one of the Sectors near here has a few of their guys inside working as 'Black Militia' he called them, the Guardians."
Aaron sat, leaning back in his stool, stunned.  He had no idea that there were any groups outside of the Sectors actively working against the Inner Circle.  "Patrick ... I don't know what to say."
"Well, Dad, I told them about you and they said that I could come get you guys and we could all go back there.  We could join the Resistance."  
Aaron didn't respond.  Instead he stared into the fire which was now blazing steadily.  He turned and looked at Alice who was playing with a strap on the backpack that was lying on the floor, then back at Patrick.  "We can't go there Patrick.  Alice is too young, I don't want her getting involved in any of this."  He looked back at her and continued softly, "You're old enough to know what's going on in the world right now.  I don't want her to know.  I want her to have a peaceful life here if I can make it happen."  He looked back at Patrick.  "I wish I didn't know the things that the Inner Circle is doing, I wish I could be innocent like she is.  I need to keep her away from all of this for as long as I can.  It's the best thing I can do for her, she's so carefree and happy now."
Patrick looked down at the floor, disappointed with his father's reply.  He looked back up, stared directly into his father’s eyes and said, "Dad, I'm going back."
Aaron's heart sank.  "What do you mean?" he asked.
"Look, Dad, I understand if you and Alice can't go, but I hate what the Inner Circle's done and is doing.  It's only getting worse.  This is the only way I can help the people they've enslaved.  They can use me to pose as a Guardian and do what I can for them inside one of the Sectors.  I know you probably don't like hearing this, but please try to understand ... this is something I have to do."
Alice must have overheard Patrick talking.  She yelled out from across the room with tears welling up behind her eyes, "Patrick, you're leaving us?"
Patrick stood up from his stool and walked across the room toward her.  He picked her up off the floor and held her in his arms.  "Not forever, Alice.  I'll come back."
Aaron remained seated, staring into the fire.  He felt his heart wrenching out of his chest.  What could he do?  He had been able to keep both of his children alive and safe.  If Patrick wanted to join the fight against the Inner Circle, then he had to let him go, no matter how much he didn't want him to.  Patrick had walked back across the room with Alice in his arms.  He sat down on the stool and put Alice on his lap.  "Let's say we get dinner started, huh Dad?" he said.
With that, Aaron took some of the vegetables out of the bag, placed them into the kettle and began cooking them.  He got up, walked over to the cabinets and took out three bowls.  Then he made his way back to his stool and sat down.  After a little while he poured the vegetables into the three bowls and handed one to Alice, one to Patrick and kept one for himself.  They sat silently, eating.  When they had finished, Patrick put Alice to bed and walked back out to the stool in front of the fire next to his father.  He sat back down, and both of them sat staring into the flickering embers that had nearly burnt out but still gave off a faint glow.  "Dad," Patrick said, "I can't stay here any longer.  Now that I know they're out there, I have to go."
Aaron looked over at Patrick, smiled and said, "I know, son.  You do what you think is right.  I’ll fully support your decision and be proud of whatever you do."
Both of them sat staring silently into the faint orange glow of the embers deep into the night.
2.10 (Beyond)
Caleb woke up from his spot on the floor inside the cabin.  It was early.  He looked over toward Aaron, who was still sleeping.  He listened to the rhythmic breathing coming from the spot where Aaron was laying and from back inside the bedroom where Alice was asleep.  It was hard for him to tell if the sun had risen yet so he quietly picked himself up off of the floor and headed to the door.  As he slowly pulled it open, it seemed to squeal and creak as if it would leap off of its hinges at any moment.  He grit his teeth and continued inching it toward him.  As he slipped through the tiny opening he had made, he looked back at Aaron to make sure the sound hadn't awakened him.  He stood silently in the narrow crack until he was satisfied with the silence.  Once outside he slowly shut the door, which seemed to make much less noise as it closed.  He walked around to the side of the cabin, looking through the dense forest for any sign of sunlight shooting its rays through.  He couldn't see any light, but he knew the sun must be rising because there was a dim illumination over the small patch of sky that was visible from between the tree tops above the cabin.  He walked over to the wood pile that was along the edge of the forest and sat on one of the stacks.  In quiet contemplation, he pieced together what had transpired over the past several weeks.  The escape from the grid, the small abandoned town, the stream, the forest, the cabin, Aaron, Alice.  He spent quite a while remembering his father, the things he had taught him when they were together, how he saved him from the bondage inside the grid.  
There was one thought that kept haunting him, receding for a little while and then overtaking his mind.  How desperately he wanted the people still inside the grids to be free.  Caleb felt a growing sense of sadness for those who were still left inside.  If they only knew that there could be more to their lives than being enslaved to the Inner Circle.  After the short amount of time he had spent with Aaron and Alice, he realized how much happier the people would be if they were freed from their tyrant's grasp.  The more he thought about this, the more he entertained the idea of the Resistance groups’ existence.  Did Aaron really know where to find one?  Would they still be there after this much time had passed?  The sky above him was beginning to become a clear, bright blue, as the sun inched its way ever higher into the morning sky.  His thinking was interrupted when from behind him he heard, "Caleb?  Is everything alright?"
It was Aaron, peeking his head out from inside of the cabin.  "Yeah, good morning Aaron," Caleb said, smiling, "I woke up early, that's all.  Just out here thinking."
"Ah, I see," Aaron said, as he closed the door and began to walk over toward Caleb.  "Do you mind if I ask what about?"
"Nothing in particular.  Just ..." he paused momentarily, then continued, "…about how much my life has changed since the grid.  Thinking about the people still left inside."
Aaron put his hand on Caleb's shoulder.  "I completely understand.  I think about it often myself."
"Really?" Caleb asked, somewhat surprised.
"Of course.  Did I tell you that when I was a part of the Inner Circle, a friend and I were trying to help them?"
"No," Caleb answered, his attention completely focused on what Aaron had to say.  "What did you do?"
"We were never able to do anything," Aaron said, as he stood next to Caleb.  He was staring into the forest, his mind was elsewhere, lost in the past, remembering what had happened.  "What we tried to do was come up with a plan to start taking away some of the restrictions placed on them that gave the Inner Circle so much control.  We thought that if we could gradually take some of that control away, it would lead to the people gaining more freedom.  It would have taken a while, but we thought it might work."
"So what ended up happening?"
Aaron looked down at the ground and remained silent for a moment, saddened.  "I believe my friend was killed.  I was lucky.  I was able to escape with my children.  We've been here ever since."
Caleb stood up from the logs, looked at Aaron and said, "I'm sorry about your friend."
Aaron nodded.  "Thanks.  Anyway, I think it would be a good idea for you to go with Alice today.  She can show you where her garden is and how to pick the vegetables."
"Are you sure?" Caleb asked.  "You don't need my help around here today?"
"Nah.  Don't worry about me, I can still get around.  It might take me twice as long, but I'll get things done," he said smiling.
"Alright," Caleb said with a chuckle, "I'll do whatever you guys need me to do."
Both Aaron and Caleb returned back to the door of the cabin and stepped inside.  It creaked shut and the rustling of one of the sleeping bags could be heard from inside the bedroom.  Soon after, Alice emerged, stretching her hands over her head.
"Morning guys," she said, through a yawn.  Caleb wondered if she was still thinking about what she had learned the night before.  She seemed less cheerful than normal.
"Good morning, Alice," Aaron said, "How'd you sleep?"
"Pretty well," she answered, "It took me a while to finally fall asleep ... thinking about those incinerators."  
The happy, carefree look that normally shone from her face wasn't there.  She was still struggling with what she had just learned the night before.  Caleb could relate to what she was going through.  He felt the same way when Aaron had told him. 
"I know, Alice.  You understand now why I wanted to keep that from you, right?" Aaron asked.
Alice walked over to the bag of berries, took a few out and answered, "Yes, I understand Dad.  But it's something that I needed to hear about at some point or another."
Caleb, wanting to change the subject, broke in, "So Alice, you get to babysit me all day today."
Alice looked at him, smiling now, "What do you mean?"
"Your father wants me to learn how you tend to the garden.  It looks like I'll be your personal helper for the day."
"Oh, I get my own helper?!" she said jokingly, her mood warming.
Aaron laughed and said, "How do you feel about that?  Do you think you can handle it?"
"Sure can.  As long as he can keep up with me," Alice said with a smile.
"Challenge accepted," Caleb said, returning the smile.
"I’ll go get my things together and we can head out," Alice said, as she disappeared back inside the bedroom.
Caleb looked over at Aaron and asked, "You're sure you don't want my help around here today?"
"You're going to insult me if you ask me that again!" Aaron replied, laughing.
Alice reappeared moments later with a bag in her hand and her thick leather boots on her feet.  She headed toward the door, picked up the shotgun that was leaning against the wall and looked over at Caleb.  "Alright, ready?!"
"You bet," Caleb said, crossing the room toward the door.
"Okay you two, be careful out there.  Remember Alice, if you see anybody, run or hide.  Try not to be seen."
"Yes sir, Colonel!" Alice said, as she pushed her heels together and gave a salute.  And with that, Caleb and Alice opened the door, walked outside, and headed into the forest.
****
"How do you like being out here with my dad and I, Caleb?" Alice asked as they made their way through the dense pine trees.
Caleb smiled.  "It's been great!  You have no idea how much I am enjoying being with you both. There had been nobody I could trust or talk to for so long, since my father was taken."
"I'm really enjoying having you around too," Alice said, in between strides.  "My dad has been in such a good mood since you showed up.  I think he's really missed my brother since he left us a while back."
Caleb smiled, flattered by the comment, and then said, "Do you remember your brother at all?"
Alice shook her head.  "No, not really.  I was very young when he left.  I don't remember what he looked like.  The only thing I can remember about him was how kind he was.  My father told me that he loved me very much.  I really wish I could remember more."
After Alice had finished her sentence, they passed through the edge of the forest and were now standing by the stream.  Caleb took the backpack from his shoulder and let it slide down into his hand.  He followed Alice to the stream bank, and both of them sat down.  Alice set the shotgun in the grass.  As they were taking off their shoes, Caleb said, "Alice I have to tell you something.  That first night I was inside the cabin with you guys, I saw you peeking out at me from inside the bedroom."
Alice laughed.  "Yeah, sorry about that.  I was pretty surprised anybody could find us out here."
Caleb continued, "Don't be sorry.  In that moment, something about your eyes let me know that I was going to be okay.  You made me feel safe somehow, the same way my father's eyes used to look.  There was a certain tenderness in them."
"Wow, really?" Alice said, surprised, "I had no idea.  When I was watching you cross the room with my dad's gun pointed at your back, I did feel sorry for you.  I didn't know what kind of person you were then, but I had a feeling that you weren’t going to hurt us."
"Really?  Thanks.  I'm glad your father didn't shoot me," Caleb said with a smile.
"Yeah, me too!" Alice said, laughing.  Then, changing the subject, she said, "Okay.  Open up the big part of the backpack and take out the canteens, we have to fill them up here."  Alice pointed toward a big black zipper spanning the length of the bag.
Caleb complied, removing the canteens one by one and laying them on the ground.  Alice stood with her pants rolled up around her shins and picked up a couple of them.  Caleb did the same, and followed her into the stream.  They filled the canteens with water and began to walk back toward the bank.  On their way back, Caleb felt a splash of water land on his neck.  He stood frozen in place, shrugging his shoulders for a moment, before hearing Alice giggling behind him.
"Was that you?" he asked, laughing.
Alice, with the canteens bundled in one arm, bent down and used her free hand to cup some water in her palm and fling it at Caleb.  "Nope, wasn't me," she said playfully.
Caleb tried to mimic what Alice had done and hit her right in the stomach with small droplets.
"Is that all you've got?!" she yelled.
Caleb tossed the canteens down onto the bank of the stream and started splashing water at Alice with both hands, laughing.  Alice threw her canteens onto the bank and the two of them splashed each other with water, dodging, running, jumping, until they were both out of breath.  Then they collapsed on their backs, soaked, breathing heavily beside the canteens.  "That was something ... different," Caleb said, with a big grin, still catching his breath.
"That, Caleb, is fun!" Alice exclaimed, gently hitting him on the shoulder and sitting up, leaning back on her hands.
They both sat there silently for a moment, staring up at the sky.  A thin layer of wispy looking clouds passed like a film overhead, but didn't interfere with the sun's brilliance.  
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” Caleb said.
“It most certainly is,” Alice replied.
Finally, Alice stood up first and held her hands out toward Caleb.  He grabbed them, and got to his feet.  They stood there holding hands, staring into each other’s eyes momentarily before Alice said, "We should probably get moving, we don't want to get back too late."
"Yeah, okay," Caleb responded, still somewhat lost in the moment.
"Besides," Alice continued, "I really want to show you that place with the big towers when we get to the garden."
"Right," Caleb said, filled with both curiosity about the compound and a bit of uneasiness.
Alice handed the bag to Caleb, which he swung back over his shoulder.  She then picked up the shotgun, and they both began heading toward the mountain range in the distance, side by side.
2.11 (Beyond)
Caleb and Alice had been walking for several miles uphill before finally reaching the garden.  Between the trees, inside a large clearing, lay a patch of dirt with vegetables lined in straight rows.  Caleb admired the area.  The sun shone brilliantly into the clearing.  It was beautiful.  Birds were chirping overhead, flying from tree to tree in the forest behind them and across the clearing to the forest on the other side.  There was a warm, gentle breeze blowing across the hillside that wrapped around Caleb, comforting him after the long hike up the hill.
"Well, are you coming?!" Alice called out, with a smile.  She was already halfway between where Caleb was standing and the garden.
Caleb came back to himself and began walking toward Alice.  She stood waiting until he caught back up with her.  Alice showed him the different kinds of vegetables in the garden, where the plastic bags were inside of the backpack, and how to wrap them up once inside.  After they had collected enough for the next few meals, she stood up and continued walking past the garden toward the other end of the clearing.  Caleb could see a small hill directly across the forest where they had entered the clearing.  "Now I can show you that place I was talking about," Alice said, as she waited for Caleb to follow her.
They crossed to the other end of the clearing and climbed a small hill overlooking some trees on the other side.  Far off into the distance, Caleb could see the pair of cylindrical towers, but could not as easily make out the buildings around them.  "That's where you saw the smoke coming out of before?" Caleb asked.
"Yeah, right there," Alice said, pointing toward the two large cylinders, "Smoke was only coming out of one of them, the one in front."  She took out a pair of binoculars and surveyed the complex.  "And there are some other buildings around them, they’re much smaller though."
"Can I see?" Caleb asked.
Alice handed the binoculars over to Caleb.  He put them up to his eyes and slowly traced the outline of several brick buildings.  "The buildings don't look like the ones that we had to live in back inside the grid.  These are darker.  Some of them are tall.  The buildings inside of the grid where I lived were all gray and small, all the same shape and size."
"How big do you think the compound is?" Alice asked.  Only a portion of the Reassignment Sector could be seen from where they stood, the rest was hidden behind the tree tops in front of them.
"No idea," Caleb replied, "It's probably pretty big.  Want to try to get a better view?"
"Yes!” Alice said excitedly, "Maybe if we head down the hill closer to it we can find another spot to watch."
"Ok, but let's not get too close." 
"We won't.  We'll just see if we can find a better view down there," Alice said, looking over the edge leading down the hill.
Slowly, the two made their way down the hillside, making sure to remain hidden inside of the forest.  The Reassignment Sector was a good distance away, but Caleb didn't want to take any chances.  They eventually reached the bottom of the hill, where a dirt path was running along the tree line and a large field lie beyond that.  They stepped out into the field, the tall grass reaching their waists, and continued moving closer to the buildings, which were growing larger with every step.  Caleb's stomach began to flop, being reminded of the grid.  "Maybe this is far enough, Alice.  We shouldn't get too close," he said.
"I think we can get a little bit closer, just to the end of the field," Alice said, "We should be okay."
Caleb kept a close eye on his surroundings.  He knew, having lived inside one of the grids that Guardians would come and go in Humvees on occasion.  He spotted a road off to their left going from the entrance of the Reassignment Sector to somewhere beyond the tree line.  As they crept closer, Caleb noticed a different kind of vehicle than the Humvees he was used to seeing.  "Get down!" he said, gently pulling on Alice's arm.
They both ducked into the tall grass, hidden from sight.  They slowly lifted their heads up, just enough so they could see.   There was a large truck with what looked like canvas pulled over the top and around the sides of metal poles.  There was a wooden panel on the back.  The truck stopped and they could barely make out the image of numerous people being taken from the back.  A pair of Guardians held their guns pointed at the people as they jumped down from inside.  They walked around the side of the truck and began to disappear one by one beyond the front guard post, out of their sight.  After a moment, one of the men came bursting back from around the guard post.  He was running as fast as he could, hands tied in front of him.  He tripped and fell several times on the dirt road, sending a small billow of dust into the air before quickly stumbling to his feet again and pushing forward.  Without any sense of urgency, a Guardian slowly walked alongside of the truck.  He pointed his gun toward the running man and fired one shot.  Alice shrieked as the man went face first into the dirt.  Caleb put his arm around her and tightly grabbed her hand.  She had put her other hand over her mouth, and tears began to build up in her eyes.  They both watched in horror as the Guardian slowly walked toward where the man lay, motionless in the dirt.  Then the man began to squirm onto his side, then onto his back, just as the Guardian had reached him.  He put his hands up, covering his face, as the Guardian pointed his gun down at him and fired one last shot.  As the shot rang out Alice began to whimper, trying not to let the full force of her cries escape her lungs.  Caleb held her tightly against him, trying to comfort her.  He could feel her body quivering against his.  "We need to go, Alice," he whispered.
She nodded her head and they both began heading back toward the hill they had just descended, keeping their heads low.  Without speaking, they left the field, entered the forest, headed back up the hill and into the clearing with the garden.  It wasn't until they had gotten back to the stream that Alice spoke, "Is that what it's like for everyone living inside of the Sectors, Caleb?  Are they really that cruel?"
Alice continued to choke back tears again.  Caleb grabbed her hand and said, "Yes, Alice.  It's horrible.  This is why your brother left you and your father.  He wanted to help these people in any way that he could.  This is why I need to find the Resistance group.  I need to help these people."  Caleb gently wiped the tears from under Alice's eyes with his thumb.  "Your father told me where Patrick had found a Resistance group.  I’m planning on looking for it at some point, but I wanted to stay with you guys for a little while longer."
"Why didn't you look for them right away if that's what you wanted to do?  Why did you want to stay with us?"
"I was getting comfortable with you and your dad.  I was enjoying my life for the first time since my father was taken from me."  Caleb briefly looked down at the ground, then back into Alice's eyes.  "I didn't want to leave you yet."
Alice gently let the shotgun down onto the ground and threw her arms around Caleb's neck.  Caleb shook the backpack from his shoulders and draped his arms across Alice’s back.  The two stood, sobbing and embracing.  Caleb didn't want the moment to end, feeling the warmth of another person's body, sharing in the same sense of fear and sadness at what they had just witnessed.  After a little while Alice stepped back, rubbed her eyes and said, "I want to go with you."
Caleb, surprised, said, "Alice, you can't.  What about your father.  You can't leave him ..."
Alice interrupted him, "We can get him to come with us.  He'll go if I do.  I'll tell him about what we saw down there.  I can't stay up here, safe and comfortable, knowing what's happening to other people out there."
"Alice, if that's what you really want to do ..."
"It is," she said, with determination.
They both picked up their things and began to follow the stream toward the other end of the tree line.  They entered the forest and began heading for the cabin.  After a couple of miles, they began to smell smoke.  It wasn't the kind of smoke that the wood in the fireplace gave off, this was different.  "What is that?" Alice asked.
"I don't know.  Smells like something's burning," Caleb replied.
The two continued to walk, nearing the cabin.  As they moved closer, the smell was getting stronger.  Alice began to run with Caleb right on her heels.  They ran for the last mile of their journey until they both came crashing out of the forest into the small opening in the trees where the cabin was.  Ahead of them, the structure stood burning, completely engulfed in flames.  Alice dropped to her knees and cried out, "Daddy!"
2.12 (Beyond)
Aaron stood in the doorway, watching Alice and Caleb disappear behind a thick wall of trees ahead of him.  After they vanished from sight, he walked over to the wood pile along the tree line near the cabin.  He slowly bent down and began to pick up logs, one at a time.  He was only able to grab two each trip, but worked steadily.  Eventually he had brought enough inside to last for the rest of the day and into the night.  He pulled a stool over from against the wall with a grunt and sat momentarily, staring at the wood pile that he had built inside.  He leaned forward from his seated position and stacked five logs up inside the fireplace.  He wasn't going to ignite it until after he had gotten more water from the stream, but figured he could at least get it ready for when he got back.  After stacking the logs inside the fireplace, he stood up, moved toward the door, picking the bucket up along the way, and headed out into the forest.  
Once inside the tree line, he dumped the dirty water from the bucket onto the ground.  Water met dirt, bringing forth a small stream of mud and pine needles rushing away, further into the forest.  He continued to make his way deeper, toward the stream.  After several miles of walking, which took him longer than it would have for Caleb or Alice, he exited the other side and stood facing the stream.  The sun was shining high above as he squinted his eyes and put his free hand over his brow.  He hadn't allowed himself to take in the beauty of this area in a while, the gently flowing clear water, the bright blue sky, lush green trees and the berry bushes lining either side.  Off in the distance he could see the wall of mountains, spanning left to right in his field of vision, and he wondered how far Caleb and Alice were up into the hills at the foot of them.
Moments passed before he finally took the bucket into the stream and washed it out.  After he had filled it about a quarter of the way with fresh water, he turned back toward the forest.  He grabbed a handful of berries from the row of bushes along the tree line to eat on the journey back.  Slowly, he made his way through the woods, and after a while ended up back at the cabin.  He made his way inside, and placed the bucket of water beside the cabinets.  Then he pulled a stool over toward the front of the fireplace and sat down to start a fire.  Just as soon as the wood began to burn he heard slow and steady footsteps approaching from the forest outside.  It wasn't Alice or Caleb.  There were more than two, ‘Six at least,’ he thought.  He hurried over to the door to see if he could peek through a crack between the wooden panels.  All he could make out was one Guardian emerging from behind the densely packed row of trees.  Then he heard the voice of what he assumed to be another Guardian, coming from the side of the cabin, "What do you think?  Eco-terrorists?"
"Negative," another voice from the back side of the cabin said, in a deep, raspy voice.  "The orders said that Eco-terrorists would be in larger numbers.  This doesn't look like it could hold many people."
Aaron had pressed too hard against the door, and it made a slight creaking sound.
"Quiet!" the Guardian in a direct line from the door said harshly, "Did you hear that?"
"What?" asked the man from the side.
"Shh.  Look.  Up there, there's smoke coming from the chimney.  Someone might be inside."
Aaron stared through the crack in the door and saw the Guardian in front of him issue hand signals to his left and right.  Footsteps began moving slowly again, this time closing in around the cabin.  Aaron quickly and quietly backed away from the door.  He moved across the room, back over toward the fireplace.  Just beside it was a small woven rug.  It looked old and had rips and tears throughout the fabric.  He pulled a corner of it back, revealing a square panel with a metal hook in it.  He lifted the hook out of the notch where it lay and gave it a tug.  An opening appeared from underneath, and he quickly slipped inside.  Once within the crawl space, he reached out to pull the rug back over the wooden hatch door as he slowly lowered it down just above his head, concealing it once again.  After momentary silence, he heard the front door break apart, as pieces of splintered wood showered the floor above him.  He heard the sound of rapidly moving footsteps just overhead.  One set went in the direction of where the bedroom would be, another kicked one of the stools across the floor as if it had been tripped over.  Then he heard the cabinets fall to the ground and smash to pieces.  The water bucket was tossed over in the direction of the fireplace, saturating the tattered rug above and sending water dripping onto his head.  The footsteps stopped and came together near the middle of the room, directly above Aaron.
"Well.  What do you think?" one of the voices asked.  
Another man grunted.  "Nothing here.  There's no sense waiting around to see if anyone comes back.  It'll be dark soon.  We should start heading back to the Dragon."
What's the 'Dragon’? Aaron thought, as he listened in silence.
"Roger that," another voice boomed.  "Let's burn it to the ground first.  If anyone has been staying here, they won't be when we’re through with it."
As the footsteps began to make their way back outside of the cabin, Aaron stayed on his hands and knees and began to crawl through a pitch black, narrow tunnel.  He crawled for fifty yards or so and exited the other side, pushing a large pile of branches, leaves, and pinecones away from the opening.  He stepped out into the forest behind the cabin and watched from behind the trees.  He could see one of the Guardians with a large tank on his back.  A flame thrower.  The cabin shot up in a roaring blaze, making the fires that had been lit inside pale in comparison.  A thick gray smoke began to rise into the air.  Birds scattered from within the trees closest to the fire, and flew away overhead.  Aaron slowly turned and sat against the trunk of a large tree that he had been hiding behind, watching.  
"Alright, that's good enough.  There won't be anything left of it.  Let's move out," a voice yelled from back near the roaring flames engulfing the cabin.
Aaron peeked from around the tree and saw eight men in black body armor walking back into the tree line.  He began thinking about Caleb and Alice.  How far were they from the cabin?  What if they ran into the Guardians in the forest?  He knew that if Alice took the normal route back from the stream, they wouldn't cross paths with the Guardians who seemed to be headed in the direction of the country road.  It hadn't been long since the Guardians had disappeared into the forest when Aaron heard in a high, chilling scream, "Daddy!"
Aaron's heart started pounding in his chest.  He looked out from behind the tree and saw Alice on her knees screaming, "Daddy!" over and over again above the sound of the roaring blaze.
In his mind he was screaming at the top of his lungs, "Alice, please!  You have to be quiet!  They're right near you!"
2.13 (Beyond)
Alice was sobbing on her knees.  She had stopped screaming out for her father and just stared into the burning cabin.  Caleb was frozen in place.  ‘How did this happen?’ he thought, ‘Where's Aaron? Is he alright?’  He snapped out of it when something lodged itself into the back of his arm.  He quickly grabbed the area and pulled out a large splinter of wood.  He looked behind him and saw bullets tearing into a large tree directly beside him.  "Alice!  Run!" he shouted as he grabbed her by the arm with one hand, and picked up the shotgun with the other.  
He had let the backpack fall to the ground.  The day's work wasted.  That didn't matter right now, he knew they had to get out of there … fast.  Alice was still in total shock as she dragged her feet behind Caleb.  "What are you doing?!" she screamed.
"Alice, someone's shooting at us!  Come on, we have to move!"
Alice was able to get herself under control and they both vanished into the tree line to the right of the cabin.  They ran as fast as they could, dodging trees, jumping over roots and bushes.  Caleb turned his head back and was able make out the figures of several men chasing after them.  The distant sound of gunfire could be heard as bullets came crashing into tree trunks, branches, leaves, showering them with pine cones and needles.  Breathing heavily, Caleb said, "We need to find a place to hide!  We aren't going to be able to outrun them!"
They ran for what seemed like days, but it had only been a mile or so.  They hadn't been able to lose the men behind them, but there seemed to be less than there were before.  They stopped, ducking behind a tree, and Caleb peeked out.  "They must have split up, I only see one coming.  He's still pretty far away."
"What are we going to do, Caleb?" Alice asked, still choking back tears, but somehow remaining calm.
Caleb quickly looked around.  They had come to the edge of the forest.  There was a small ledge directly ahead of them.  He took Alice's hand and slowly walked over towards it.  On the other side was a gently sloping hill heading down into another, less dense forest.  Just below the ledge was a small strip of flat land before the slope.  They could drop down and hide up against the ledge.  "Down here," Caleb said as he bent over and dropped the shotgun onto the stretch of land a few feet below.  "You go first, Alice.  Here, I’ll help you down." 
Alice took Caleb's hand and turned to face him as she slowly slid down onto the ground just below.  Caleb quickly hopped down after her and they both tucked themselves up against the edge.  Alice wrapped her arms around Caleb's, and laid her head on his shoulder, closing her eyes.  They sat listening.  Silence.  Finally they could hear the sound of footsteps slowly moving toward the ledge above them.  Caleb's trembling hand fumbled along the ground searching for the shotgun.  He wasn't sure what was going to happen.  The footsteps stopped directly above them.  The sound of heavy breathing sounded like roars of anger from the Guardian.  "Where did you go?" he muttered menacingly under his breath.
They heard the footsteps slowly moving left to right, checking behind trees.  They moved closer and closer to the edge and Caleb saw the barrel of a rifle drop directly in front of him.  Almost as if by reflex, he grabbed the warm steel and pulled on it as hard as he could with both hands.  The gun, along with the Guardian, came crashing down directly in front of them.  The dark black helmet dislodged from his head and went rolling down the hill behind him.  His face was exposed.  Caleb had never seen a Guardian's face before.  The man's eyes were filled with hatred and anger.  They pierced through Caleb as he looked into them.  There was a large, jagged scar running down the man's left cheek, stopping just before his chin.  He sneered at Caleb when he saw that he was clearly afraid.  Caleb pointed the shotgun directly at the man with shaking hands and said, "Don't move.  I don't want to shoot you, but I will if you give me no other choice."  He knew in his mind there was no other way this was going to end.  It was either going to be the Guardian or them.
The man slowly rose to his knees, eyeing his gun which was a few feet away from him.  Alice sat, clinging to Caleb's leg as he stood over the Guardian.  "Look kid, just drop the gun.  Nobody has to get hurt here.  We can talk this through," the man said in a raspy voice.
The shotgun quivered in Caleb's hand, but he kept it focused on the man's head.  "Don't ... move ... a muscle," Caleb said nervously, but sternly. 
The smirk left the man's face and was replaced with a scowl.  He stood perfectly still, shooting darts at Caleb with his eyes.  With one quick movement, the man tried lunging toward his rifle.  Caleb fired both barrels of the shotgun.  Alice closed her eyes and let out a shrill scream.  Caleb stood frozen in place as the shotgun fell at his feet.  As Alice opened her eyes she saw smoke lifting into the air from the shotgun’s barrels.  From her place behind Caleb she saw a pair of legs, dressed in black, with thick combat boots, lying motionless on the ground.  "Caleb," she whispered.
Caleb slowly looked down at her as she began to stand and with a shaky voice, said, “Don't look, Alice.  He's dead."  
The color had been drained from his face and his lips were dry.  Alice picked the gun up off of the ground and stood looking opposite the direction of the man's body.  She slowly opened the barrel, removed two spent shells from inside, and replaced them with two fresh ones from her pocket.  "We have to keep moving," Caleb said, finally.  "The others had to have heard the shots.  We have to go."
Alice slowly handed the gun back to Caleb, who grabbed it with shaking hands, and they turned to face the ledge.  They both climbed back up to the top and headed back into the forest, making their way toward the country road.  Aaron had told Caleb how Patrick found the Resistance group so long ago.  Now, with nowhere else to go, he would have to look for the place himself.  With any luck, the resistance group would still be there.  "Where are we going, Caleb?" Alice asked.
Caleb took Alice by the hand and looked into her eyes.  "Do you trust me, Alice?"
She nodded.  "I do, but ..."
"If you trust me, you just have to believe me when I tell you that we are going to find some people who might be able to help us."
Tears began to well up behind her eyes.  "But, what about my Dad?"
"If your dad is the kind of man I’ve come to know, I believe he is just fine," Caleb said, smiling.  "You know how he is.  He's kept you both safe this long."
Alice nodded, looking hopeful.
"Plus,” Caleb continued, “I think we’re all going to the same place."
****
Dusk had begun to creep over the forest.  Inside the trees, it was beginning to get very dark.  There were still flickers of sunlight breaking through along the tree line where Alice and Caleb hurried along, staying parallel to the country road.  "Here Caleb, are you thirsty?" Alice asked as she took a small bottle from one of her pockets.
Caleb looked at her, surprised that she was carrying water.  "I always keep one in my pocket," she said with a smile.
Caleb smiled back at Alice and said, “Thanks, you go ahead and drink what you want, I’ll have a little bit when you’re done.”
Alice took a drink from the bottle and handed it over to Caleb.  He took a few small sips, closed it, and handed it back to Alice saying, “There’s still a little bit left if you want it.”
Alice took the bottle from Caleb, returned it to her pocket and said, “It might be a good idea to save some.  We might not find any more water for a while.”
Caleb nodded, "Yeah, you’re right.  Good idea."
"When did my dad tell you how to find wherever it is we're heading?"
"Just a few nights ago.  He told me about how Patrick found a group there, and how he left you guys to go help them."
Alice was quiet for a moment.  "I wonder if he's still there," she said, "I had always hoped that someday I would get to see him again."
Caleb looked at Alice and smiled.  "Maybe he is.  I hope so ... for you."
They eventually came to the end of the country road, which widened out onto a large cement roadway with three striped lines on one side, a metal railing in the middle, and another set of three striped lines beyond that.  "This is it," Caleb said, "the road your father described to me."
He walked out into the middle and stood looking up and down the endless sea of concrete.  The sun was setting at one end of the road.  There were broken cars scattered alongside it, with huge pieces of cement dislodged from their place, and strewn about.  "We need to go into the forest there," Caleb said, pointing toward the trees on the other side of the road.
"Are they in there?" Alice asked.
"I think so.  Somewhere.  I'm not sure how far though."  Caleb glanced one more time toward the setting sun and then began looking into some of the cars.  "Do you want to spend the night here and wait for morning before we go in?"
"Why?  Do you think it's really far in?"
"I don't know.  But I think it will be a good distance from this road.  I think your father told me a few miles in, but I can't remember for sure."
"Ok," Alice said, "Where are we going to sleep?"
Caleb continued walking from car to car.  "How about in here?" he said as he opened the back of a large van that was tipped on its side.  It had no windows, other than the ones in the front, and nothing in the back.
"Yeah, this should work," Alice said, as she crawled in and lay down on the wall of the van.
Caleb crawled in after her and lay on his back, staring at the side opposite where he lay.  "If those people are still there," Alice said into the darkness, "how do we know that we can trust them?"
Caleb remained silent, playing out different scenarios in his head.  "I guess I'm just hoping that we can," he said quietly.
After a while, Caleb could hear Alice breathing rhythmically.  She was asleep.  The events of the day all raced through his head.  The man that was shot outside of the Reassignment Sector, the cabin being burnt to the ground.  Then he saw the face of the Guardian, scowling at him right before it was taken from his shoulders.  Now that he was completely alone, with Alice asleep, the reality of what he had been through began to fully sink in.  He began to feel sick to his stomach knowing that he had taken the life of another person, even if it was to protect Alice and himself.  In the silence of the night, he began to cry.  It took a while, but he was finally able to drift off into a deep sleep.
3.1 (Resistance)
"Alice …?  Alice," Caleb said, gently shaking her by the shoulder.  "Wake up.  We need to get moving."
"Ungh," she grunted.  Slowly, she sat up, rubbing her eyes.  "Is it morning already?"
"Yes.  It has been for a while now, but I didn't want to wake you up earlier," Caleb said, smiling at her.  "I think we should probably start making our way into the forest while we have a full day left ahead of us."
Caleb swung open the bottom door of the van, which was laying on its side.  A burst of sunlight poured in like rushing water.  Alice squinted her eyes momentarily, letting her eyes adjust, and then began to wiggle herself forward, feet first.  Once she had gotten outside, Caleb pushed the shotgun out onto the street.  Then he crawled out, picked it up, and the two of them stood surveying the road and forests on either side.
"Do you know what we're supposed to be looking for?" Alice asked, brushing the dirt from her pants.
Caleb peered into the forest, which was in the opposite direction from where they had come.  "Your father told me that Patrick found a long brick building with a lot of windows lining it."
"Ok."  Alice stretched out her arms over her head and let out a great big yawn.  "Ready when you are," she said, smiling.  It seemed as if she had forgotten about the events of the previous day.
"Are you sure you're alright, Alice?" Caleb asked.
She became more serious, and answered, “I’m okay.  I’m just … still trying to put the horrible things that happened yesterday out of my mind.”
Caleb put his hand on Alice’s shoulder to comfort her.  She wiped her eyes with her shirtsleeve, straightened herself up and said, “We just have to keep moving now.  There's nothing else we can do."
"Let’s get moving then,” Caleb said.
At that, they began to make their way toward the tree line and disappeared into the woods.  Caleb kept a close eye on the sun as it moved from a position behind them, to eventually hovering directly overhead.  He wanted to make sure they were moving in as straight a line as possible.  After several miles of walking, the two of them came to a valley.  Down at the bottom was a small, gently flowing stream.  "Look down there!" Alice whispered, grabbing Caleb's arm.
Caleb turned and looked down the steep slope below.  "Wow.  I wonder if that's from the same stream that was near the cabin."
Alice took a few steps closer to the edge and said, "Let's go down really quick.  We could use a drink, Caleb,” she said with pleading in her eyes.  “We've been walking for a while now."
Caleb walked to her side, looked down and then checked for a slope that wasn't as steep.  As he surveyed from left to right, his eye caught something across the valley, on top of the hill across from where they stood.  "Alice, look!"  
Directly across from them, they saw a brick building beyond a thin layer of trees.  Alice squinted, trying to get a better view.  "Do you think that's the place?" she asked, crouching down over the ledge.
They couldn't see the entire structure from where they were, parts of it were hidden behind trees.  But what they could see along the side of the building were several large glass windows.  "It looks like it could be," Caleb said, as he began walking along the edge of the valley.  "Let's try and find a way to get down.  We can grab a drink, and then find a good place to climb up over there."
"Alright," Alice said, "But I think you want to go this way, it looks like the slope gets worse heading over there."  She pointed in the direction Caleb had begun to walk.  She had explored the forest around the cabin where she grew up quite a bit, and had gotten very good at navigating around landscapes.
"Yeah, you're right.  I see that.  Good call," Caleb said, moving in behind Alice.
The two continued to follow the edge of the valley further into the woods, losing sight of the brick building, but still within view of the stream.  Finally they came to an area that looked safe enough to climb down.  There was a line of dirt cut into the slope, heading toward the bottom with rocks sticking out every which way.  "I'll go first," Alice said, inching her way toward the ledge.
"Alright, be careful," Caleb said, holding out his hand.
She laughed, "Don't you worry about me.  I've been doing this for a long time now.  But I will take the help," she said jokingly, as she grabbed his hand and lowered herself down onto the rocky path.  
Once she had gotten on the ground below the ledge, she sat and began to carefully crawl backwards down the slope.  "How is it?" Caleb asked.
Through grunts she replied, "We'll be fine here.  It's not bad at all."
Caleb tucked the shotgun under one of his arms, then gently lowered himself down off of the ledge, and onto the path below.  He mimicked what Alice had done, sitting down and slowly inching his way forward.  It took a while for them to finally reach the bottom, but both of them made it safely.  "There.  That wasn't so bad now was it?!" Alice said excitedly.  It seemed to Caleb that she had very much enjoyed that little adventure.
He laughed, saying "Did you have a good time?"
Alice grinned.  "Come on!  Let's go grab some water!"
She took off toward the stream in the center of the valley.  Caleb stayed right behind her, and they reached the water together.  They dropped to their knees and began taking big gulps of water in between deep, heavy breaths.  Alice took the small canteen out of her pants pocket and filled it to the top with water.  After she returned it back inside her pocket she said, "I'm still not sure what we're going to do about food.  I'm starting to feel pretty hungry."
Caleb hadn't noticed that until just now.  "Yeah, me too.  Let's try to find a way up the other side there," he said, pointing toward the other end of the valley.  "Maybe we'll get lucky and find something."
"Sounds like a plan," Alice said.
Caleb picked up the shotgun from the tall grass and started heading toward the hill on the other side of the valley.  After a little bit more walking, they found an area that looked good enough to climb.  It was a much gentler slope than the other side was.  They were able to walk up this side of the valley with hardly any effort at all.  Once at the top, Caleb stopped and looked back across the valley to the opposite side.
"What is it?" Alice asked, reaching the top behind him.
"We came from that way, right?" he asked, pointing upstream.
"Yeah.  We need to keep heading along the edge, away from the sun."
Caleb nodded and began to walk back toward the way they had come, but now on the other side.  After a mile or so they could see the brick building ahead of them.  "There it is," Caleb said.
Alice grabbed Caleb's hand as they drew nearer to the dark brown structure.  Most of the windows were broken.  Shards of glass lay scattered within the grass below them, and more still clung to the sides of the openings.  "It's really quiet," Alice whispered.
"I was thinking the same thing," Caleb said.  Disappointment began to build within him.  Was there nothing here?  If they couldn't find the Resistance group, what would they do next?  He walked toward one of the windows and peered inside. 
"It looks empty," he whispered to Alice.  "Here, take this."  He handed the shotgun to her.  "I'm going to go to the doorway across the room.  Wait here."
Alice took the shotgun and crouched down just outside the window.  Caleb slowly pulled himself up and over the brick wall, through the window and dropped down inside.
After a moment Alice asked, "Caleb, what do you see?"
"Nothing.  Just a lot of broken chairs and papers scattered everywhere."  
Alice could hear the cracking sound of glass, and the rustling of papers with every step Caleb took.  Slowly he inched his way across the large dusty room to a set of heavy metal doors.  He grabbed ahold of the handles and gently pulled on them.  Nothing.  The handles wouldn't budge.  He turned back toward the window and said, "Alice, I can't open the doors.  I think they're..."
Before he could finish his sentence, one of the doors behind him creaked open and an older looking man slid a large rifle through the crack.  "Move it, over here, sit down against the wall," a calm, deep voice commanded.
Caleb stood staring at half of the man he was able to see hiding behind the door.
"Let's go.  Now!" the voice shouted.
Caleb walked over to the wall and sat against it.
"Ok, good.  Now how about you, little missy," he said, peeking over toward Alice, who was trying to stay hidden behind the wall below the window.  "Why don't you come in here and join us?"  She remained perfectly still.  "No matter," he said, then whistled. 
A group of five men, armed with rifles, rushed around a corner outside of the building toward Alice, who then stood up and slowly lowered the shotgun to the ground.  "Now ...," the voice continued.  "Why don't you come on up here?"
This time Alice obeyed.  She climbed up into the room and rushed to Caleb's side, grabbing his arm.  "Keep your hands out on your laps," the voice warned.
The men from outside jumped through the window one after another and stood before them.  The old man opened the door all the way and stepped into the light shining from outside the window.  He was short and thin.  His hair was gray, and pulled back in a ponytail behind his head.  There were several scars and gouges around his left eye.  He slowly paced back and forth in front of them before saying, "Now then.  Who are you?  Where are you from?  What are your names?"
Alice looked over at Caleb without saying any words, the question of what to do next in her eyes.  "Nuh, uh, uh," the man said, "It's a simple thing to do.  Keep your eyes on me and answer the question.  What is your name?" he asked again, looking toward Caleb.
For some reason, Caleb didn't feel that the man standing before him meant to do them any harm.  "My name is Caleb," he said calmly.
"Good," the man said.  "Now we're getting somewhere."  He took a few step away, then turned back toward Alice.  "And how about you miss?"
"Alice," she said, quietly.
"Alice?" the man asked.  Looking off into the distance, remembering, he said, "I used to know an Alice.  A long time ago.  She was very young though.  Her father was a good friend of mine."  He took a few steps closer to them and crouched a few inches away from their feet.  He sat silently for a moment, then said, "My name is Martin."
3.2 (Resistance)
It was still night when a middle-aged man, restless and unable to sleep, pushed himself from beneath his silky blankets and walked over to a large wooden desk.  He sat down in a large leather chair, and took a briefcase from the floor, gently setting it on the desk's surface.  He switched on a small lamp that was sitting on the back corner of the desk.  The room became illuminated with white light.  Elaborate drapes hung over a massive window on the front wall of the house.  Behind the man seated at his desk was a king-sized bed with silk sheets and a thick warm quilt.  The high vaulted ceiling held a chandelier in its center, decorated with glass, and trimmed with gold.
The man flipped through a pile of neatly organized folders from within the briefcase, eventually removing the one he was searching for.  He opened up the bright yellow folder, and took out several pages of paper filled with print.  He began to thoroughly read through the pages.  Later this day, he was to present the policies proposed in the bill to the leading members of the Inner Circle.  When he reached the end of the document, he saw the scribbled signature of Aaron Browitz, and his own, Martin Lensky.
Before long, the sun began to glow brightly around the edges of the thick drapes beside the desk.  Martin jumped up and pulled a large tassel hanging beside the curtains, pulling them apart, allowing sunlight to fill the room.  He returned the document back to its folder, and that back inside the briefcase.  It snapped shut and he walked out of the bedroom into a large hallway.  He made his way downstairs and into the kitchen.  Picking up a small remote control, he flipped on a screen that was embedded in the wall.  A stern man was talking about some riots that had broken out within one of the Labor Sectors.  Several people had been killed, many more wounded.  ‘Horrible,’ he thought, ‘Hopefully, today we'll be able to help them.’
He looked at a large clock hanging above the kitchen doorway.  Time had been moving very fast.  Aaron was going to meet him here any minute now to bring the bill down to the Central Building.  He moved over to a large island in the middle of the kitchen and set the briefcase down on it.  Just as the briefcase hit the marble, he heard the sound of an engine moving quickly, nearing the area.  He walked to the front of his house and looked out through one of the large windows lining the wall.  A black Humvee was barreling across his lawn toward the front door.  Three armored men with rifles jumped out.  He dropped the glass of orange juice that he had been holding onto the ground, and sprinted back into the kitchen.  He heard pounding on the front door.  His hands were shaking.  He fumbled through one of the drawers and took out a large steak knife.  Then he ducked inside a small walk-in pantry before the set of glass doors leading out onto the patio.  From inside he heard two sets of footsteps rushing up his long stairwell to the upper floor of the house.  He stood, heart racing, palms sweating, mouth drying, inside the pantry.  He could hear doors being pushed open with great force overhead and footsteps methodically moving throughout the upper rooms.  
From his place within the pantry, he saw a lone man, dressed in black, slowly move across the crack between the pantry doors and vanish out of sight.  Martin knew he had to get out of there.  It was only a matter of time until they found him.  If they were here, it was to kill, not to capture.  He slowly pushed open one side of the pantry door and peeked out.  He could see the armored man creeping toward the glass doors leading to the patio outside.  This was his only chance.  He took a deep breath, tightened his grip on the knife, and slid out of the pantry.  He emerged several feet behind the intruder.  Sprinting toward the armed man, he gave him no time to turn around.  The knife plunged deep into the side of his neck.  The force of the action sent both of them crashing through one side of the glass doors, spilling out onto the patio.  Martin could feel the blood pouring over his hand, leaving the knife lodged where it stuck.  Shards of glass from the impact splintered around his left eye, cutting him in several places.  Almost as quickly as he had landed on the patio outside, he pushed himself back to his feet, and ran as fast as he could toward the trees lining the back end of his yard, about fifty yards away.  He knew the other armed men inside had to have heard the commotion, and without as much as a glance back toward his house he continued his escape.  It wasn't until he was a good distance into the forest, that he remembered that Aaron was supposed to be meeting him.  Oh God, Aaron.  Please be late ... please be late.
The other two men dressed in black raced quickly down the stairs.  After seeing the body of the other armored man lying motionless in a puddle of his own blood on the patio, they slowly walked out toward him.  One of them spit on him saying, "Pathetic.  Couldn't even handle one lousy economist."
One of them walked back into the kitchen and picked up the briefcase which Martin had left lying on the island.  He walked back outside to the other man still standing over the body.  "It's locked.  What now?"
"Give it to me."  
The second armed man handed the briefcase over to the first, who smashed it with great force against the concrete until it burst open.  Papers came pouring out, scattering around the lawn beyond the patio.  Kneeling down, the man searched through the paperwork until he found the folder he was looking for.  He skimmed through it, making sure it was the right one, then flipped to the last page containing the two signatures.  He folded the papers up and pushed them into his vest.
"What are we going to do with him?"  The other man said, pointing down at their dead squad member with his gun.
"Throw him in the back of the Humvee.  We'll get rid of him.  Then we go for Aaron Browitz."
3.3 (Resistance)
Caleb and Alice sat silently against the wall inside the littered room.  They watched Martin as he slowly paced back and forth in front of them.  The other five armed men stood several feet behind him, keeping their eyes focused on the two.  Their weapons were lowered, but they remained at the ready.
"There are protocols we follow here.  Anyone who finds us from the outside is required to comply with them," Martin said as he walked back and forth in front of them, glancing toward them in between steps.  "I can tell just from the look of you that you're from one of the Labor Sectors, isn't that right?" he continued, as he stopped pacing and looked directly at Caleb.
Caleb didn't respond right away.  He looked down at his lab coat with the numbers 759-47A printed across one of the flaps.  Then he looked back at Martin and asked, "How could you..."
Martin cut him off, "Now.  I can also tell that neither of you are Inner Circle members."  He walked closer to Alice and studied her.  "As for you, I can't be sure.  You don't have any of the Sector-issued uniforms, so you weren't kept in one of them.  You also don't have the type of clothes the Inner Circle would wear."
Alice looked down at her flannel shirt, cargo pants, and leather boots, the clothes that her father had given her from one of the bags he brought with them to the cabin when they made their escape from the Inner Circle’s living area.  ‘Huh, interesting,’ she thought.  She had never wondered where the clothes had come from.  Were they Patrick's or her father's?  Did he stash away clothes from the time before the transition?  Then she began to wonder where her father was, if he was alright.  She was clinging to Caleb's words from before that they would all be heading to the same place.  And she was comforted by the fact that her father was wise, he knew what to do in situations where their lives were in danger.
Martin broke into her thoughts, "My guess is that you have been surviving out here somewhere, Alice.  Am I right?"
Alice glanced over at Caleb out of the corner of her eye, but Caleb didn't notice.  He was still intently watching Martin, wondering what he was going to say next, and trying to figure out how to broach the topic of the Resistance.
Martin bent down in front of Alice and looked her in the eye.  His tone softened, he sounded comforting and reassuring.  "Miss.  We aren't going to hurt you.  But we need you to answer our questions."
Alice slowly nodded her head.  Quietly, she answered, "Yes.  I've been living in the forest."
"Thank you, Miss," Martin said with a smile, as he stood up and took a step back over toward Caleb.  “And I don’t need to ask you where you’re from.  I already know the answer.”
Caleb continued studying Martin, trying to figure out how to ask him if they were who he suspected.  Without being able to figure out any other way around it, he just directly asked the question: "Are you part of a ... Resistance group?"
Martin stood up and walked over to the five armed men behind him.  He whispered something in one of their ears and the man disappeared through the doors into a dark hallway.  Caleb could hear his footsteps thumping, growing more distant, as they rhythmically faded into silence.  The other men walked over toward the door and stood on either side of the opening.  "Okay you two.  We're going to need to take you with us to continue with questioning.  Just know that you aren't in any danger.  At least for now.  Stand up, put your hands behind your heads, and follow us."  
With that, Martin headed toward the door, stood in the opening and waited for Caleb and Alice to comply.  They slowly stood to their feet, put their hands behind their heads, and walked toward Martin.  "Step outside and face the wall," he said as they neared the spot where he was standing.
They both walked through the doorway as Martin moved out into the hall, followed by the four armed men.  They waited in the hallway momentarily as one of the men shut the door behind them and turned a small rust-covered silver key in the handle, locking it in place.  Martin signaled for two of the men to start walking down a long, musty hallway.  The floors had a rough layer of carpeting spanning up and down, wall to wall.  There were papers strewn about, lights broken, dangling from the ceilings.  The only light that shone into the hallway came from doorways that lined either side.  Some of them were shut, others open, and several without doors.  Caleb glanced into the open rooms as he passed.  They were much like the room they had just left.  Broken chairs, papers scattered throughout, messy.  Toward the end of the hallway they turned a corner and were facing a set of heavy-looking gray doors.  Martin walked over to them and knocked three times, with a short pause between each.  From the other side of the door they could hear a metallic rattling sound, then a click.  The doors slowly propped open, revealing two average men.  One was holding a long metal chain in his hands.  Martin moved into the room.
"Alright, step inside," Martin said, motioning for Caleb and Alice to enter the now open doorway.
The man who held the chain shut the doors behind them, turned a key into the handle and then wrapped the chain tightly around both of the metallic handles.  Then he took a large steel lock, slid it through the chain links, and snapped it shut.  The group walked up a flight of stairs and came to another set of doors, identical to the ones they had just come through.  The same exact procedure was followed here, and after a short while they found themselves in an open area, lit with dim fluorescent lights.  Caleb and Alice looked at each other in shock.  The room held about forty to fifty men, all armed with varying types of rifles, pistols and shotguns.  There was a row of boxes with screens lining the center of the room which several men sat in front of.  They reminded Caleb of the holo screens from his living quarters inside of the grid, where his schedules would be posted.  There were numerous windows lining the room, none of which were allowing any light in from outside.  They were boarded up with wooden panels.  Above them, lining the ceiling, were three rows of long tubes of white light, the only light that was being allowed in this area.
Martin walked toward a man sitting at a small table that held some sort of machine on it.  He quietly spoke to him and then turned to face Caleb and Alice.  "Ok, Caleb.  You're going to go first.  Come over here."
Caleb was still overwhelmed with what he was seeing in front of him, but nervously asked, "What's that machine?"
Martin reassured him, "It's ok.  We aren't going to hurt you.  This is something that will let us know if you are telling the truth when we question you."
Caleb remembered the story Aaron had told him about Patrick when he found a Resistance group.  ‘This has to be them,’ he thought, ‘This is exactly what Aaron told me Patrick had gone through.’
Caleb walked over toward the chair sitting next to the table.  "Take a seat here please," Martin said.  He took a pair of tubes and wrapped them around Caleb's chest and stomach.  Then a sleeve was wrapped around his arm and tightened.  Finally, two clips were placed on his fingertips.  Once Caleb was fully hooked up to the machine, Martin turned toward Alice and said, "Please follow this guard down the hallway.  We'll come get you when Caleb's finished."  He motioned toward a man who was standing near him.
Alice and the armed man disappeared across the room into a hallway, and Caleb's questioning began.  Martin asked the same kinds of questions Aaron had when he had first met him in the cabin.  It didn't take very long.  When it was over, Caleb looked at Martin and asked, "Is that it?"
Martin began unstrapping Caleb from the machine and answered, "Yep, that's it.”  When he had finished taking the last wire off of Caleb, he walked over to another man who was standing nearby and quietly spoke to him.  He turned back toward Caleb and said, "Ok, Caleb.  Follow this man here down the hallway.  We're going to bring Alice out for questioning now."
Caleb walked over toward the armed man and waited.  He began walking across the room toward the hallway.  Caleb followed after him.  He looked around the room at the people scattered throughout.  They continued working, without stopping, even after Caleb and Alice were brought in.  Some were staring at screens, others were sitting at tables, studying some kind of papers.  There was a faint humming sound coming from above him, and he wondered what it was.  
Just before the two entered the hallway taking them away from the room, Martin spoke one last time from across the room, "Caleb.  To answer your question from before, we are Alpha Team, part of the Resistance.  Welcome to the war."
3.4 (Resistance)
Caleb followed the armed man to a metal door on the opposite side of the room they had entered.  The man opened it and motioned for Caleb to step through first.  The hallway was much like the one on the bottom floor of this building.  There were rows of doors running up and down either side, some open, some closed, others broken or missing.  There was no artificial lighting that he could see in the hallway, or in the rooms attached.  The sun was setting, and the little bit of light that was coming in from the windows was beginning to dwindle.  As they walked down the hallway, Caleb managed to glance inside some of the open rooms.  Some of them contained women and children.  Inside one room in particular, he saw a middle-aged woman sitting on the floor playing with a little boy.  He was laughing and writing on some scraps of paper that were spread out in front of him.  When the woman saw him, a suspicious look replaced the smile that had been on her face, and after they had walked by she stepped into the hallway, watching Caleb as he continued on.
"Don't worry about them," the man in front of him said, "We don't get a lot of new people around here.  They just need some time to figure out that you’re one of us, that’s all."
Caleb turned his gaze back from the woman in the doorway to the man standing just behind him.  "How many of you are here?" he asked.
The man kept his head forward as he spoke, not looking directly at Caleb.  “Well, I'd say we've got about a hundred or so spread out here in this building.  We've got more than that outside, keeping watch.  There are a few groups of rotating patrols watching the roads and giving us a heads up if anyone starts to get too close."
"Is that how you knew we were coming?" Caleb asked him.
"Yeah.  We were watching you both for a while, right after you stumbled out onto the highway."
Caleb began to wonder how they could have missed anyone watching them.  "We didn't see anybody out in the forest," he said.
The man laughed.  "We've gotten pretty good at staying out of sight.  That's something we've been forced to learn since we've been here."
"How long have you been here?" Caleb asked.
"Oh, me?  It's been quite a while now," he said, and after a short pause, shamefully admitted, "I used to be a Guardian."
Caleb was stunned.  "You ... you were a Guardian?"
The man remained quiet momentarily.  They passed several doorways until finally he said, "Yeah, but that was in another life."
Caleb had never known a Guardian.  His father had only told him about the one he had been friends with inside of the grid.  He often wondered as he grew older how his father had managed to become friendly with one of them.  Caleb had always seen the Guardians as the enforcers of the Inner Circle's system.  "What made you turn against them?" he asked.
The man didn't answer Caleb's question, but said, "Ok, stop and wait here.  I need to go in for a moment."  He walked ahead of Caleb, opened a door and disappeared inside.  After a short while, Alice emerged from the room.
"Caleb!" she yelled, as she ran over and embraced him.  "You're ok!  I wasn't sure what they were going to do to you with that machine."
Caleb held her tightly, and said, "Yeah, it was nothing.  I think they are going to bring you there now.  All you have to do is answer their questions truthfully and you'll be fine."  He glanced over toward the door, the man hadn't come back out yet.  Caleb whispered, "Did you see the women and children on your way down the hall?"
"Yeah.  I saw one of the children coloring."  She let out a chuckle and said, "I haven't done that since I was a little girl.  It reminded me of when I used to live somewhere else, before the cabin."
Caleb didn't know what Alice meant when she said 'coloring'.  Growing up inside of the grid left those sorts of activities out of his life.  Before he had a chance to ask her what it was, another man appeared from the room behind them.  "Alright Ma'am," he said to Alice, "Follow me."
Alice gave Caleb a nervous look.  Caleb squeezed her hand, smiled, and nodded, letting her know that it would be alright.  The other man who had escorted Caleb down the hallway appeared shortly after and said, "You can come in here now."  He moved inside the doorway and waited for Caleb to follow him in.  "We've got you guys some sleeping bags, blankets, and water here."  
Caleb entered and looked around.  It was a rather large room.  Windows lined the wall opposite the door, allowing what little bit of daylight that was left to illuminate the room.  The floor was covered with the same type of thin, rough carpeting that was laid throughout the whole building.  Rolled up in the corner were two sleeping bags and a broken crate filled with water bottles.  There was a small, circular table in the middle of the room with two metal chairs on opposite sides.
"Yep, this is the deluxe package," the man said with a smile, "It may not be pretty, but it's a place of your own.  Home sweet home."  He walked to the table in the middle of the room and sat down in one of the chairs.  He kicked the other chair out gently toward Caleb and said, "Here, take a seat."  He sat silently for a moment, before saying, "Name's Alex."
Caleb slowly walked over to the chair and sat down, facing the man across from him.  "What made you want to leave the Guardians?" he asked, still remembering his unanswered question from moments ago.
Alex leaned back in his chair and looked over Caleb's head at the wall behind him.  "Well, I guess I never really agreed with what was going on.  I never liked enforcing the Inner Circle's rules.  I did what I had to do to stay alive."  The man looked back down at Caleb.  "My duty was transporting 'prisoners' from sector to sector.  My partner was one of the types who enjoyed the power he had over the people kept inside.  After a while, I was able to figure out a way to free some of the people I was transporting.  There are checkpoints that the Inner Circle sets up on some of the roads.  They use the same travel routes over and over again because they’re the quickest routes to and from the sectors.  One of the checkpoints was along a road not far from here, surrounded by thick forests on either side.  My partner always drove, and I would ride in back, with the people we were transporting."  He put his elbows on the table and leaned forward.  "Now, at one of these checkpoints, my partner would have to leave the truck and go into the guard post to check in with our truck number and status.  When he did this, I was able to sneak a couple of the people from the back, out into the woods.  I always told them that I had nowhere for them to go, but if they wanted to be free, that was most likely their best chance.  I was able to do this for quite a while.  In fact, some of the people here are men that I helped.  I ... and the Inner Circle … had no idea this place existed."
When Alex finished, Caleb leaned forward on the table and asked, "Why did you stop doing it?  How did you find this place?"
Alex looked down at the table, almost as if he were ashamed.  His eyes became sad.  He looked back up at Caleb and said, "The last time I tried to let some of the people go, I messed up, I was careless."
Silence fell in the room again until Caleb broke in, "Well, you did what you could.  You were still able to free a lot of people."
"That doesn't matter.  You don't understand.  The last group that I was transporting, before leaving my position, I ... I got nearly all of them killed."
3.5 (Resistance)
Alex sat still in the back of a prisoner transport truck.  He donned the usual Guardian attire, along with an assault rifle held firmly in his hands.  He sat against the rear door facing the thirty or so people they had crammed inside.  The road was bumpy.  There was little on the truck to dampen the blow of the endless sea of pot holes spanning the length of the road.  He watched the people rock back and forth, into one another, against the metal poles holding up the canvas tarp covering them, bouncing up and down against the thick wooden boards under them.  It was obvious to him how uncomfortable they were.  The constant impact of bone against bone, metal, or wood.  But worst of all, the uncertainty of what awaited them at the other end of the journey.
Alex had done this many times before.  His job on the truck was to keep watch over the people being transported.  His partner, Mike, drove the truck from a separate compartment in the front, separated by a wall of steel.  Even though the two were partners, they shared a very different set of beliefs about what it was they did.  Alex had always hated the way the people inside the Sectors were treated and had helped handfuls of people escape from them over the course of his being enlisted as a Guardian.  Mike, on the other hand, liked the power his position gave him.  He would frequently abuse his place of authority, beating prisoners when they didn't do what he wanted quickly enough, hurling insults at them for no particular reason other than to intimidate them.  
The truck continued along the road for quite some time.  During the entire trip up to this point, the people stared directly at him, unsure of what he was capable of doing, not wanting to get themselves hurt or killed.  He noticed that there was one man in the group who wasn't watching him uneasily.  Instead, he was sitting very still, and very calm.  He was sitting with his back leaning against the thick canvas tarp on one side of the truck, his gaze directed straight ahead to the side opposite him.  There was a thin streak of dried blood running down his chin.  This was the same man that Mike had roughed up a bit when they were loading the truck from Sector 27.
****
"Move forward.  Single file, no stopping, climb into the truck!" Mike yelled as he directed the people into the back of the truck.  
He watched them closely as they marched forward and up into the truck one by one.  Alex stood quietly beside him.  In his mind he was hoping that the people would do as they were told so they wouldn't get hurt.  One man, the last in line, stood without moving.  He was now all alone in the middle of the road after everyone else had climbed inside.  Oh, no, come on.  Move, please move!  Alex thought, as he helplessly watched Mike slowly approach him.  
"I said, MOVE!" Mike shouted as he kicked the man behind his leg, dropping him to his knees.  The man had been looking back into the Sector, almost as if he were waiting to see someone come out of one of the living quarters.  "Get up!" Mike shouted.
The man slowly picked himself up off of the ground and began to walk toward the truck.  "Faster, let's go!" Mike continued.  "You're slowing us down!" he said as he slapped the man with the back of his hand, drawing a small trickle of blood from the corner of his mouth. 
Alex was amazed at how this man kept himself emotionless.  He kept moving, despite the continued verbal and physical onslaught, until finally he boarded the truck with the rest of the group.
****
When the truck had drawn close to one of the checkpoints along the route, Alex began to speak to the people.  "Listen to me very carefully."
Their eyes widened at him, filled with both shock and fear.
"We don't have a lot of time now," he continued.  "There is a checkpoint coming up ahead soon.  The truck is going to stop and the driver is going to get out and head into the guard post off to the side of the road.  I can untie and release a few of you.  I wish I could let you all go, but I will be putting myself at greater risk by doing that.  They won't notice if only a few of you are gone."
The people began to murmur, their murmuring growing steadily, intensifying.
"Shh.  Keep your voices low, he might hear you," Alex said, pointing toward the cab of the truck where Mike was sitting.  "Pay attention.  The few of you that do get out need to know that I don't have anywhere for you to go.  You will need to get into the woods and do your best to stay hidden until the truck disappears.  Beyond that point, you're on your own."
Some of the people remained quiet.  Others were loudly whispering to Alex to let them go, saying they should be the ones to be released.  Alex began to point to a few of the people he thought looked strong enough to survive.  He had picked one, then a second, then focused his attention to the man still sitting silently toward the front end of the truck.  "You there.  Come down by me, I'll untie you and get you out of here."
The man remained perfectly still.  "Come on, you've had a rough time today, let's get you out of here," he said gently, but urgently, to him.
Another man, sitting directly in front of Alex, threw himself down at his feet and begged him, "Please, free me instead.  They're going to kill me!"
Alex tried to ignore the man's sobbing and pleading, still trying to get the man in the front of the truck to accept his offer.  The man slowly turned toward Alex.  With a peaceful look on his face he said, "I appreciate it, but you should let him go.  I'll be fine."
Alex was captivated by this man's compassion for this person he didn't know.  "Are you sure?  I've already picked you, but the decision is yours."
The man nodded, saying, "Yes.  He knows what his fate will be when we get to wherever it is we're going, and I don't.  If I can help save his life, then so be it."
The man who had been sobbing at Alex's feet picked himself off of the floor of the truck and stared back at the man in disbelief, saying, "Thank you, thank you so much!"
"You're very welcome, I wish you the best of luck." the man said with a tired smile.
"What's your name?" the spared man asked.
"My name is Joshua." the man in the front of the truck replied.  "What's yours?"
The man sniffed and answered, "Brian."
"Well Brian," Joshua said, "I hope that you make the best of the opportunity you're getting here."
"Oh, I will!" Brian replied.  "I'll never forget you for this!  I promise, I will do everything in my power to someday make these people pay for what they're doing!"
Alex stared at Joshua in disbelief.  “There’s only one thing that happens at the end of this road.”
Joshua looked to Alex with compassion in his eyes.  “That may be so.  But don’t all men walk a road of their own?  And don’t all roads inevitably end the same for each one of them?  Some roads may be longer than others, but the ending is always the same.”
Just at that moment the truck came screeching to a halt.  The people in the back of the truck grew quiet.  They heard the front door open, feet hit the ground, and the door slam shut once again.  Footsteps slowly faded away into the distance, at which point Alex cut the ropes of the three people he was letting down.  He usually cut the ropes before the truck had reached this point, but he had been so wrapped up in what was happening between the two men over the past several moments that he lost track of everything.  He knew they weren't going to have as much time as usual, but he thought he could still get them safely off the truck.  Brian's ropes were cut and off he went into the forest, the second person's ropes were cut and he shortly disappeared beyond the tree line.  The third person's ropes were cut, but just as their feet hit the pavement, Mike came back outside of the guard post.  "Hey! Alex, what are you doing?!"
Alex froze.  He knew he had been caught.  Quietly he said to the third person, "Hurry, get into the forest and keep running, don't look back!"
Just as the person stepped out from behind the truck, a spray of bullets rattled against the canvas, just missing Alex, but connecting with the fleeing prisoner.  The body hit the ground with a thud and remained motionless.  Alex looked down at the man’s body, knowing it was his fault he had been shot.  "Alex!" Mike shouted, "Come on out buddy.  Throw your gun out here and step out."
Alex wasn’t sure if Mike had seen the two people that had entered the forest moments before.  He crouched beside one of the truck's tires and peeked underneath.  He could see Mike's boots creeping slowly along the side of the truck toward the back.  "You know what I have to do now, don't you?  You broke the rules my friend.  That can't be tolerated."
Alex moved along the side of the truck opposite Mike, keeping it between them.  When Mike reached the back, he stopped.  "Alex, if you don't come out, I'm going to fire my weapon into the prisoners back here."
Alex heard the people begin to plead for their lives.  Then without warning, Mike's gun began to unload into the back of the truck.  Alex’s instinct took over.  It was his fault that this was happening.  He ran around the side of the truck and jumped around the corner, hitting Mike several times in the body armor shielding his chest, sending him tumbling backwards.  Mike's gun was sent bouncing several yards from where he landed.  As he began to crawl toward his weapon, Alex jumped on him and struck him with a single blow to the head with the butt end of his rifle, knocking him unconscious.  He jumped back to his feet and looked inside the truck.  There were bodies lying motionless along the floor.  Only a few of them remained huddled together in the back corner, screaming.  Alex began to motion for them to get out, but began taking fire from the guard stationed inside of the checkpoint just ahead of him.  Alex sprinted toward the tree line just beside the road and tumbled down a small hill into the dense forest.  
The guard from the checkpoint ran to the back of the truck and watched as Alex pushed deeper into the woods, disappearing from sight.  He stood, facing the opening of the truck.  Then he looked down at Mike, who still lay motionless in the middle of the street, and said into a radio device, "Reassignment Checkpoint Station requesting medical unit and two friendlies to complete prisoner transport."
3.6 (Resistance)
Caleb and Alex talked for a little while longer before Alice had made her way back to the room.  Caleb wasn't sure how long she had been gone.  As she entered, both men looked up at her.  Caleb stood up and walked over to meet her.  "How'd it go?" he asked.
Alice had been nervous ever since she had arrived at this building, but she seemed to have calmed down now.  "It was fine.  I did like you said.  I told them the truth."  She walked over to the table and sat down in the chair Caleb had just left.  "Caleb, they really are a resistance group," she said with a smile.
Caleb returned the smile.  "I know, Martin told me just after he finished questioning me."
Alex stood up from his place at the table and said, "Well, I’ll get going, let you guys rest."  He walked over toward the door.  Before leaving the room he smiled and said, "If you guys need anything, my room is just down the hall on the right side, my name's on the door.  All you have to do is ask.  We'll be dropping off some food for you both in a little while."
Caleb and Alice thanked him as he left the room, closing the door behind him.  Caleb sat down in the chair across from Alice at the table.  He took off his lab coat and hung it over the back of the chair.  He reached into the front pocket and removed the EMP device that he had been keeping ever since he escaped from the grid.  He set it down on the table, staring at it momentarily.  "What's that thing?" Alice asked.
"It's something that helped me escape from the grid."
Alice watched curiously as Caleb slowly turned it up, down, back and forth in his hands.  "What does it do?"
"People who live inside of the grids have chips put into their necks.  Their movements are tracked inside and out.  This thing removes the chips.  A Guardian ... my father's friend … left it hidden for me to take and use when I was old enough."
"Some of those animals are good people?" Alice asked, somewhat surprised.
“Yeah, I guess so,” he replied with a smile.  “The guy who just left the room, his name is Alex, used to be a Guardian.  He helped rescue people from the grids.”  Caleb thought for a moment, looking at the device in his hands.  “Maybe it would be helpful for the people here to have this.  They might find some use for it.”
"That's a good idea," Alice said, "What are we supposed to do now?  Did he say anything to you about that?"
Caleb shook his head.  "I don't know.  For now we can have some food and get some rest."
Alice remained silent.  "I know you're still worried about your father," Caleb said, "I am too.  Maybe we can ask Martin if he’d let us go out and search for him tomorrow.  I still believe that he's on his way here."
"Yeah, we should do that," Alice replied, "I'm sure he's ok, it's just taking him a little longer than us to get here."
There was a knock at their door as they both turned and stared.  Another knock, then Caleb stood up from the table and walked over to open it.  He slowly cracked the door open and saw a middle-aged woman holding a plastic tray.  She had long black hair, bright blue eyes and a big smile on her face.  "Welcome you two!" she said happily, "I’ve got some food for you, I'm sure you're both very hungry."
Caleb opened the door all the way and took the tray from the woman.  Alice had walked over and was now standing beside Caleb.  "Thanks," Caleb said with a smile.
"You're very welcome!" she beamed, "My name's Mary.  What's yours?"
"I'm Caleb."
"Alice."
"It's very nice to meet you, Caleb and Alice.  Now keep in mind, the food here is nothing extravagant, but at least it's edible and we have plenty of it."
Caleb looked down at the tray.  There were two cans of refried beans and two water bottles.  "Where did you guys get this stuff from?" he asked.
"Well, we have some groups of people that go out looking for old supermarkets, gas stations, and convenience stores.  Those were places where people could buy food before everything fell apart.  They check houses too.  Sometimes they come across cans, like the ones you have here," she said, pointing toward the cans of refried beans.  "I believe you just met my husband, Alex.  I'm sure he told you this already, but if you ever need anything, come see us any time."
"Thank you so much," Alice said, "We appreciate how kind all of you have been to us."
Mary smiled, "It's no problem dear.  We're always happy to help people in any way we can.  Now, more than ever, we need to stick together.  I'll let you two get to eating.  Remember if you need anything, just ask."
Mary said goodbye, turned, and walked down the hallway.  Caleb took the tray of food and water over to the table while Alice closed the door behind them.  "So far, everyone I've met seems so nice,” Alice said, "The man who was here in the room with me while they questioned you before kept assuring me everything would be ok.  He said that he was in a similar situation not too long ago.  He was lost, wandering through the woods for days.  He stumbled upon this place and passed out.  When he woke up, he was inside one of these rooms, in a bed with plastic tubes pumping fluids into his body."
"Wow, really?" Caleb said, "Alex seemed very kind too.  He told me about his life as a Guardian before he found this place.  Something he told me, how he blames himself for getting some of the people being transported from one grid to another killed, still eats at him.  It makes him more determined to fight against the Inner Circle."  Caleb took a bite from the can of beans.  "What was the man's name who was with you before?"
In between bites, Alice replied, "Brian.  He told me that a Guardian had helped him escape from a transport truck.  He told me that if it hadn't been for another prisoner in the same transport, letting him take his place to leave, he would have been killed."  She stopped eating and looked up at Caleb.  "Do you think Alex was the Guardian who got Brian off the truck?"
Just as soon as Alice said that, the sound of several rushing footsteps passed by their room from out in the hallway.  Then there was a pounding on the door, Caleb jumped up from his chair and ran to open it.  It was Alex.  Behind him, Caleb could see people moving quickly down the hallway toward the main room, with the screens and papers.  "What's going on?" he asked.
"Martin wanted us to start gathering the people to Central Command.  That's the room where you were questioned.  Something happened out on one of the patrols.  He asked to get everyone down there as quickly as possible.  Both you and Alice are included."
Alice appeared by Caleb's side.  "Why are we included?" she asked.
"You're one of us now.  Come on, hurry!  There must be something big going on," Alex said as he took off down the hallway, stopping at another door a few feet away.
"We’d better hurry," Alice said, "I wonder what's going on."
"Me too, let’s go."
The two of them made their way quickly down the hallway toward the Central Command room.  When they arrived, there was already a large group of people inside, much more than they had seen earlier.  Martin stood in the middle of the room, on top of a table with another man.  "Alright, everybody quiet down!" he shouted, "Do we have everybody here?"
"Everyone's accounted for," another voice said from across the room.
"Ok, everybody listen up."  The room fell silent.  "Take it from here captain," he said, speaking to the man standing on the table next to him.
The man next to him was very tall and muscular.  He looked to be in his mid-thirties.  He wore dark khaki pants and a black leather jacket.  A rifle hung over his shoulder and rested against his back.  His eyes looked intense as they scanned the people standing below him.  "Thank you Martin," he said, "As you all know, we keep an eye on the roads that are near our location for any enemy activity.  Earlier today, my squad saw one of their fire-tanks being escorted by a dozen or so Guardians.  They weren’t moving very fast, and we think now would be the perfect opportunity to strike.  As you know, we jump at any opportunity we get to take one of those things out.  Given the size of the group transporting it, we are going to need volunteers to add to our assault team.  We need people who are pretty good with a gun.  We'll have the advantage, by surprising them from within the forest.  They don't know we'll be coming for them."
Excited murmuring began to build up in the crowd as several men began to step forward closer to the man who was speaking.  Caleb saw Alex standing below the table where the captain spoke.  
"Hey look, that's Brian," Alice said, pointing at another man who had stepped up to the table where the captain was standing.
Caleb began to walk forward before Alice grabbed his arm.  "What are you doing?  You don't really know how to use a weapon!" she said.
Caleb looked back at her.  "I know, but I want to help them.  If it means weakening the Inner Circle, I want to be a part of it."
"But you don't want to get yourself killed!"
Caleb thought for a moment.  "You're a pretty good shot though, right?  Come with me."
"No Caleb.  We'll have our chance to help, not this time.  You need to learn how to use a gun before doing something like this."
Caleb thought about what Alice was saying.  "You're right." he said, stepping back next to Alice and taking her hand.
Suddenly, there was a commotion on the other side of the room.  The two metal doors swung open and three men walked inside.  A voice yelled out, "Sir, this man needs help!  We found him lying in the woods outside, he's very weak!"
Some of the people had begun to make their way back down the hallway toward their rooms before the man was brought in.  Caleb and Alice quickly moved to the front of the room to see if they could be of any help to the man, who had just been laid on a table.  As they drew closer, Caleb said under his breath, "Aaron?"
From beside him he could hear Alice scream with excitement, "Dad!"
3.7 (Resistance)
The smell of smoke filled the air as Aaron hurried as fast as he could in the direction he had seen Caleb and Alice running from the Guardians.  Ahead of him, in the distance, he could hear an occasional burst of gunfire.  The only thing on his mind was the survival of Caleb and Alice.  He didn't care if he had to die for either of them, the only thing he knew for sure was that they had to live.
Aaron had become very skilled at tracking.  He was able to follow the trail that they had left while fleeing.  He looked along the ground for broken twigs and bent branches on low bushes.  Scattered along the trail he found numerous bullet casings, so he knew he was headed in the right direction.  Finally, after what seemed like a long span of silence, he heard two loud bangs snap off in rapid succession.  It wasn't one of the Guardians’ rifles, he knew it was his shotgun that had just been fired.  He moved quickly toward the echoing sound, eventually coming to a ledge overlooking a small area of flat ground rolling into another hill.  He approached the ledge carefully.  Looking down onto the ground below, he saw a dead Guardian and his assault rifle which lay several yards away from his body.  Carefully lowering himself down onto the area of flat ground below, he crouched and found two empty shotgun shells in the grass.  Then he walked over to the Guardian’s assault rifle, picked it up and hung it by its strap over his shoulder.  He made his way back to the ledge to climb back up.  Just as he began to push his body upwards, he heard the sound of footsteps moving hurriedly through the forest.
Two Guardians emerged, rifles raised, side by side.  Aaron ducked down below the ledge and pressed his back up against it.  He listened to the footsteps shuffle back and forth above him, hoping they wouldn't look down over the edge.  "You see anything?" a voice asked.  
"Negative," another voice replied.  "Wait.  Over here!"
"What is it?" the first voice asked again.
"Look, down here.  He's dead," the second voice said, emotionless.
Aaron knew that they had spotted the dead Guardian laying only yards ahead of him.
"Great.  How are we going to explain this to them?" said the first voice.
"We'll think of something.  We can say that we were ambushed, killed all of them, but they took him out," said the second voice.  "The road's not far from here, head back and get the Humvee.  I'm going to get his armor and see if I can find his weapon."
"Roger that," the first voice said as footsteps slowly faded away into the forest.
Aaron heard a metallic clicking sound coming from where the Guardian stood above him.  Then he smelled something he hadn't smelled in quite a while, cigarette smoke.  The Guardian was smoking.  He heard the man above him walk closer to the ledge, then saw two legs covered by baggy black pants fall inches from his face.  Thick, black leather boots hung motionless in front of him as the Guardian slowly dragged on his cigarette.  Aaron remained as still and silent as possible, gripping the assault rifle tightly in his hands.  He saw the cigarette, which had been smoked down to the butt end, fall a few feet in front of him.  Then the pair of legs dropped down onto the ground, exposing the rest of the Guardian’s body.  Aaron waited as long as possible.  The Guardian slowly walked over to the corpse and began removing the body armor.  The whole time, the Guardian never looked back under the ledge toward Aaron, who remained motionless, pointing the rifle at the Guardian’s back.  Finally, the man stood up and turned around, his weapon strapped around his back, holding the body armor in his hands.  The man froze.  Silence fell over the area.  A flock of birds emerged from out of the forest sloping down the hill behind the man, and flew off into the distance.  The Guardian dropped the body armor and slowly gripped his hand over the nylon strap that was holding his gun in place against his back.  "Don't do it," Aaron said as he motioned with his gun for the man to bring his hand back down.
The Guardian didn't say anything, but his lips were twisted in a snarl spreading across his face.  He left his hand over the strap and began to slowly pull on it.  Aaron could see the barrel of the rifle begin to crawl up the man's back, closer to his shoulder.  "You don't have to die," Aaron said, "We can both just walk away.  But first you need to throw your gun down the hill behind you."
Just as Aaron finished his sentence, the Guardian tugged hard on the strap, the rifle flung up over his shoulder and was heading for his hands.  Aaron fired a single shot, which hit the man directly above his snarling lips.  In an instant he was flung backward, and then disappeared over the steep slope of the hill behind him.  Aaron slowly stood up, checked back over the top of the ledge into the forest behind him, and listened for footsteps.  It had been a little while since the other Guardian had headed back for the road, but he didn't want to take any chances.  After he was satisfied, he walked over to the top of the steep hill that the Guardian had just gone over and looked down.  He couldn't see the man's body anywhere from within the thick forest below.  "Sorry," he said, "You didn't give me any other choice."
Aaron hung his head.  He hated the fact that the Guardian had forced him to resort to shooting.  Even though the Guardians were violent, mean people, he didn't like having to hurt anybody. 
He slowly climbed up the ledge and made his way back into the forest.  After a while, he finally found himself out on the abandoned highway.  He found a car that he felt was safe enough to sleep in and silently laid down inside, thinking about Alice, Caleb, and the Guardian he was just forced to take the life of earlier that day.  He was very tired, but had trouble getting to sleep with his mind racing.  A long while had passed before he was finally able to drift off to sleep.  
Aaron awoke the next day, and he stepped out of the car onto the highway.  The sun was directly overhead, indicating it was sometime in the afternoon.  He hadn't planned on pushing forward this late, but there was nothing he could do about that now.  Quickly, he slipped into the forest on the other side of the highway.  After several miles of walking, it was beginning to get dark.  Aaron was becoming very weak and tired.  The adrenaline from the day before had fully worn off and now he was dizzy, thirsty, hungry, and physically and mentally drained.  His eyes began to blur in and out of focus as he staggered through the forest.  He dropped the assault rifle on the ground and was able to move along at a much slower pace for another mile or so.  Finally, he came upon the large brick building his son had described.  Pushing himself forward, he arrived at a pair of glass doors on the front side of the building.  Weakly, he banged his fists on the doors as he lay on the ground.  Two men unlocked them and stepped outside just as Aaron lost consciousness.
3.8 (Resistance)
A small crowd of men rushed to Aaron's side as he lay motionless on a long metal table.  Martin watched in amazement from a short distance away, among the group of onlookers.  He could see Aaron's eyes slowly opening halfway and closing shut again.  "It can't be," he said under his breath.  "Aaron, is that you?" he asked from behind the wall of people surrounding him.
Aaron slowly turned his head toward Martin and squinted his eyes, as if he were trying to connect Martin's face to someone he had known long ago.  "We need to get him to the med center," one of the men who had been examining him said.
Caleb and Alice had been making their way to the front of the room where Aaron had been laid down.  Alice grabbed a hold of one of the men standing beside Aaron, and tried to move him out of her way.  "Hey!" he shouted out at her, "What are you doing?!  We need to take him down the hallway!"
Alice stared directly into the man's eyes and exclaimed, "That’s my dad!"
At this, the man's demeanor softened and he said, "I'm sorry.  Look, he's very dehydrated.  We need to move him into our medical area to give him some fluids and let him rest a while."  He looked over at Aaron, then back to Alice.  "I promise you, after he's stabilized, you'll be the first to know.  Okay?"
Alice loosened her grip on the man's shirt and nodded her head, choking back nervous and joyful tears.  Caleb put his arm around her, silently watching the scene in front of him.  He was overjoyed to see that Aaron had made it away from the Guardians back at the cabin, and had made his way to the resistance group.  
Behind them, two men came running out from the hallway wheeling a metallic-looking bed.  The group of men hoisted Aaron onto it and rushed him back into the hallway.  Caleb and Alice stood silently staring at the doors as they slowly closed shut behind them.  "Hey, are you guys alright?" a concerned voice asked from behind them.
It was Alex.  Caleb and Alice both turned and looked at him.  "Yeah, we're ok.  Thanks," Caleb said.  "That man is her father," he said, looking over at Alice, who was staring at the doors leading into the hallway where Aaron had just been brought, trying to hide the concern in her face.  "He's going to be okay, right?"
Alex softly smiled.  He reached forward and gently, but firmly, placed his hand on Alice's shoulder, reassuring her.  "Don't worry.  The medical team here is top notch.  They'll have him up and around in no time."  He removed his hand from Alice's shoulder.  She looked up and smiled back at him.
"Thanks," she said with a sniffle.
Martin made his way over to where the three of them were standing, looked at Alice and asked, "Alice?  Is your name Alice Browitz?"
She looked at him, somewhat startled.  "Yes ... but ... how do you know that?"
Martin gasped.  His jaw dropped and his eyes widened.  A beaming smile appeared on his face.  "Alice Browitz.  I used to be a very close friend of your father’s."  Then with open arms, he walked over and embraced her.  "I haven't seen you since you were little!”
Alice stood still, not sure what to do in the moment.  She didn't remember this man, she had no idea who he was, but he acted as if he was a long lost friend.  When he let her go, she took a step back and smiled at him.  “You probably don’t remember me, do you?” Martin asked.
“No, I’m sorry.” Alice replied, “I don’t really remember much of anything from when I was younger.”
Martin gently took her hand and said, “That’s alright.  We’ll just need to get to know each other a little better while you’re here.”
Alice smiled and said, “I’d like that, Martin.”
After a short moment of silence Caleb broke in, "Not to interrupt, but you know Patrick too, right?  He found this place a while back and told Aaron about it.  That's how we all found our way here."
"Yes, of course!  Patrick has been with us for quite a while now!  I can't believe this is actually happening.  I need to speak with Aaron!" Martin exclaimed, excitedly.
Alice softly spoke up, "We can't yet.  One of the men who took him down the hallway told us we had to wait until he was stabilized.  He said I'd be the first to know when he could be seen."
"Hmm.  Well okay.  As soon as you know, can you tell me?  It's been such a long time since I've seen him.  We have a lot of catching up to do."  Martin began to walk away from the three of them, saying, "I need to discuss our plan of action for the ambush.  I'll be right over here."
Alex chuckled under his breath.  "Small world, huh?" he said.
Caleb and Alice both smiled.  "I'm glad that your dad made it to us safely, Alice," Alex said, "I need to get over there too, I'm going to be in with the group going after the flame-tank.  If you guys need anything, just come get me."
"Thanks Alex," Alice said.
"Oh, Alex, wait!" Caleb shouted, as Alex began to walk away.  "Here.  Can you give this to Martin?"  He removed the EMP device from his pocket and handed it over to Alex.  "I'm sure you guys already know, but all of the people living inside of the grids ... err, sectors, have small chips implanted in their necks.  This device removes them."
Alex held the small EMP device in his fingers.  He rotated it around as he examined the object.  "Yeah.  We have heard of these, we just haven't been able to get our hands on one of them.  This will be very helpful, Caleb.  I'll give it to him, we can have some of our men look at it, and see if they can find a way to replicate it."
"Great!" Caleb exclaimed.
Alex smiled and said, "Thanks for hanging on to it.”
Caleb nodded as Alex walked away from them, over toward where Martin and a small group of men were huddled around a table looking at a large piece of paper.
"I wonder what they're looking at," Caleb said to Alice.
"Probably a map," she replied.
"What's that?"
"My dad had a few of them back at the cabin.  It's something that helps you get around certain areas.  It shows an overhead view of the land, mountains, rivers, lakes, and all that kind of stuff."
"Oh, okay," Caleb replied.  He looked back over at Alice and took her hand.  "Are you feeling better now?" he asked.
Alice looked at him and smiled.  "Yeah, I'm okay.  I can't wait to see my dad."  She gave Caleb’s hand a gentle squeeze.
"I'm sure Alex is right, they'll be out to get you soon."  Caleb remained silent momentarily, then said, "I'm glad he made it."
Suddenly, the man who had taken Aaron down the hallway moments before approached Alice and said with a smile, "Miss?  I just wanted to let you know that your father is fine now.  We have him stabilized, but he is sleeping.  You're more than welcome to go into his room and sit with him, but he will probably be asleep for a while.  I went ahead and put a chair in there for you if you wanted to do that."
Alice put her hand over her mouth and tears welled up behind her eyes.  "Thank you so much!" she replied with relief.  
The man nodded his head and said, "You're very welcome."
The man turned and walked back into the hallway across the room.  "Alice, did you want me to sit with you?" Caleb asked, "Or would you rather be alone with him?"
"Really?" she said, sniffling, "You wouldn't mind staying with me?"
Caleb smiled.  "Of course not, I'd be happy to."
"Alright ... let's go," she said, gripping Caleb’s hand more tightly as they made their way toward the closed doors leading into the hallway. 
When they had gotten halfway across the room, Alice said, "Oh wait, I should probably tell Martin what's going on first."
Both of them walked over to where Martin was standing with Alex, the captain who had made the announcement, and a small group of other men.  They all looked up at Caleb and Alice as they approached.  "Martin, do you have a moment?" Alice asked softly.
"Of course," he replied, stepping away from the table, "Is he alright?"
Alice nodded her head.  "Yeah.  One of the medical people just told me that he is okay, he's stable, but sleeping.  We're going to go sit with him for a while."
Martin beamed.  "I'm so glad to hear that.  I'll let you guys go on ahead and stay with him.  I'm going to give him the night to rest and hopefully he'll be up to talking with me tomorrow."
Caleb and Alice began to walk away before Martin called after them, "Caleb, hang on."
Caleb turned and looked at him.  "Yes?  What is it?"
"Caleb, Alex gave me the EMP device.  Thank you for that.  I gave it to my tech men here, they're going to see if they can figure out a way to make more of them."
"Sure, no problem," Caleb replied.  "I'm glad that you'll be able to use it."
"Yes we will." Martin said.  He paused briefly before speaking again, "I also wanted to ask ... how you are with a gun.  Have you ever fired one before?"
"Well ..." Caleb replied, "just once, but I didn't really have to aim it.  Other than that, I’ve never had to use one before."
"How would you like to learn how?" Martin asked, "Alex was telling me about how you wanted to help us fight the Inner Circle.  Now, it doesn't necessarily mean that you will ever need to fire a gun again, but we've got people who can train you here so you’re prepared.”
Caleb looked over at Alice who smiled at him.  "I would like that very much Martin, thank you."
"Okay, good.  Tomorrow you will meet up with Alex in the morning and he will take you out to our range."
Caleb looked over at Alex who was still standing by the table with the small group of men.  He glanced over at Caleb, smiled, and nodded his head.
"Sounds good, thanks again."
Martin gave Caleb a gentle pat on the shoulder and walked back over to the table.
"Wow, look at you," Alice said playfully, "Here only a little while and already making your way up the ranks."
Caleb smiled, it was hard to hide the feelings he had inside at this moment.  Aaron was safe, he and Alice had found this resistance group, and now he was going to get a chance to help the people being held inside of the grids.  "Let's go see your dad," he said, as the two of them made their way toward the hallway.
They walked down the corridor and into the room where Aaron was sleeping.  There was a steady, rhythmic breathing emanating from Aaron's lungs.  An IV hung from the corner of the bed and delivered fluid through a tube into his arm.  Alice walked over to the chair that the man had told her he would leave there.  She pulled it close to the bed and laid her head on Aaron's hand as she gripped it with both of hers.  Caleb stood on the opposite side of the bed, looking down at Aaron as he rested.  Alice looked up at him and asked, "Did you want to sit here with me?" indicating a small portion of the chair that was unoccupied by her.
"No, I'm alright," Caleb whispered, "I'll go grab our sleeping bags from our room if you want.  We can spend the night in here."
Alice smiled, "Yeah that would be great."
Caleb left the room and returned shortly after with their sleeping bags.  He opened Alice's and draped it over her lap as she remained seated in the chair.  Then he walked over to the wall behind where Alice was seated and laid his on the floor.  He was just now beginning to realize how tired he was.  He yawned and laid down on his bag.  "I'm beat," he whispered to Alice, "I'm sorry if I fall asleep.  I just want to rest my eyes for a little bit."
"It's ok, you can sleep Caleb," she replied.  
It wasn’t long before Caleb fell asleep.  
Caleb's eyes opened the next morning, staring at the white ceiling above him.  He could see Alice curled up on the chair next to Aaron's bed.  It was bright inside of the room as the sun shone in through the large glass windows.  Caleb sat up and rubbed his eyes.  From behind Alice he heard a quiet voice say, "Good morning, Caleb.  It looks like you're still able to get some sleep, regardless of your surroundings."
Caleb leaned forward so he could see behind Alice.  Aaron was sitting up in the bed smiling at him.  "Aaron!" he whispered, "I'm so glad to see you!"
Aaron continued smiling at him and said, "It's great to see you too."
3.9 (Resistance)
The color had returned to Aaron's face as he sat stoically in the bed.  Caleb had moved over from his sleeping bag on the floor across the room and was standing beside Alice.  "How are you feeling?" he asked.
Aaron slowly squirmed his body in an attempt to sit up further.  "I've been better.  But I'm alright," he said with a smile.
Aaron looked over at Alice, who was still sleeping in the chair beside him.  "I'm glad you guys are both safe," he said, looking back up at Caleb, "I saw you disappear into the forest with the group of Guardians chasing after you."
Caleb nodded.  "Yeah, we were lucky.  We were able to get far enough ahead to force them to spread out.  One of them found us ...” Caleb’s voice trailed off for a moment.  “I had no choice but to kill him," he continued as a sad look came over his face.  "I don't get it.  I gave him the chance to just sit still and let us go.  He didn't care.  It was like he wanted us dead no matter what."
"He was probably furious that he had wound up in that situation.  You did what you had to do Caleb, there's no reason for you to feel guilty."
"Maybe ... I guess." Caleb said, looking down at the ground, "But I still wish it could have ended differently."
Aaron patted Caleb's arm.  "They're different, the Guardians.  They have no empathy, no emotions whatsoever.  Their sole purpose in life is for violence."
Caleb looked back up at Aaron and asked, "Were they always like that?  I always thought it had something to do with the different set of pills they had to take."
"I don't know anything about the pills, but yes, for the most part they have always been that way," Aaron replied, shifting his position in the bed.  "After the transition, the idea of power and control drove them to do unspeakable things to people.  The Inner Circle used them to completely wipe out entire towns and cities.  I didn't know that they were being used in such a way until long after I left the Inner Circle."
Aaron glanced over toward the door.  The sound of heavy footsteps echoed from down the hallway.  Martin appeared and stood motionless in the doorway.  Aaron stared, squinting at the figure in the doorway and said, “Martin?  Is that you?!"
Martin quickly walked over to the side of the bed opposite Caleb and Alice.  "Aaron, my friend!  It is so great to see you!"
Aaron's eyes began to tear up and both men started sobbing.  Martin dropped down on his knees and gripped Aaron's hand with both of his.  "Martin, I thought you were dead!" Aaron exclaimed.
Martin wiped the tears from his face and said, "And I thought for sure that you had been killed!  They came for me, at my house, the day we were going to present our policy to the board.  I killed one of the armed men and managed to escape into the woods along the back side of my yard.  I ran as fast and as long as I could.  I had no idea whether or not they had gone for you first."
Martin let go of Aaron’s hands as he stood up beside the bed.  "I got to your house and saw the front door bashed in," Aaron said, "Then I saw the broken glass out on the patio and the pool of blood on the ground.  I just assumed that it was yours.  I looked through your briefcase, but couldn't find our proposition ... they took it."
"That pool of blood belonged to one of the men that was sent to kill me.  I was able to get the jump on him as the others searched my house."
Martin briefly looked over toward Caleb and said, "Oh Caleb, Alex is waiting for you out in the main room.  He's got a weapon for you to start training with.”
"Thanks, Martin." Caleb said, looking down at Aaron, "You have no idea how happy I am to see you Aaron.  Get some rest, I'll see you soon."
Aaron smiled at him and said, "Thanks, Caleb."
Caleb began to cross the room toward the door.  Just before he left, Aaron spoke up, "Caleb, wait.  Are you sure that you want to join this fight?"
Caleb turned back to Aaron with a look of determination.  "I'm sure.  I can't sit idly by and do nothing, knowing what's happening to the defenseless people stuck inside the grids.”
Aaron smiled at him.  "You remind me so much of Patrick … I wish you the best of luck!"
"Thanks Aaron.  I'll see you later on," Caleb said, then turned and left the room.
"He's a good kid Martin," Aaron said shortly after Caleb had left the doorway, "He'll be an asset to your team."
Martin smiled and said, "I know, I can see the passion he has for what he believes is right.  If we had more men like him, we'd have won this fight already."
Alice rustled around in her chair and slowly opened her eyes.  "Good morning, sweetheart," Aaron said softly.
"Daddy.  I'm so glad you're ok!" she exclaimed as she wrapped her arms around Aaron, "I was so worried I had lost you when I saw the cabin burning.  What happened?"
Aaron shook his head.  "I don't know.  Guardians came out of nowhere.  They just happened to come across that spot I suppose.  They had been searching closer and closer ever since you saw them on the country road.  I guess it was only a matter of time."
Alice held Aaron's hand tightly, then looked around the room.  "Where's Caleb?" she asked.
"He just left.  He went to start his weapon training with Alex," Martin answered.
Alice had a soft, but nervous, smile on her face.  "He finally gets to help those people he left behind," she said.  "Martin, would you have a spot for me in the squad where you put Caleb?"
A look of shock came over Aaron's face and he began to speak, "Alice..."
"No daddy," Alice said, interrupting him, "You have no idea what we saw out by the camp with the incinerators the day they burned down the cabin.  It's not right what they're doing to those poor people.  I’ve decided that I need to take a stand too."
Aaron remained silent for a while.  He gave a soft, gentle smile, rubbed Alice's hand and said, "You do what you think is right then, Alice.  I won't say anything to try to change your mind."
"Are you sure about this Aaron?" Martin asked.
"If it's what she wants to do, I won't stand in her way.  She will be valuable to your squad too."
"Thank you, Daddy," Alice said.
"Alright then ... Alice, why don't you head out to the main room and join the captain at the table against the wall with the others around it," Martin said, "We're putting together a group to send out at as soon as the flame-tank leaves one of the sectors for another.  We've got scouts keeping an eye on it, they're going to let us know when it heads out.  It usually takes two or three days to get from one sector to the other.  We'll pinpoint an area to cut off the path it's taking, and attack at that spot.  Caleb will be spending the next several days practicing his shooting.  He will join the squad when Alex thinks he's ready."
"Thanks, Martin, I'll make my way there now," Alice said.  She stood up from the chair, bent down and embraced Aaron.  "I love you Daddy," she said, standing back up and smiling at him.
"I love you too, Alice," he replied, "Be careful, okay?"
"You know I will, Colonel," she said as she began to walk out of the room and down the hall.
Martin remained in the room with Aaron as Alice's footsteps became more and more distant before completely fading away.  "Aaron.  I have to tell you something."
Aaron looked up at Martin, curious.  "What is it, Martin?
"You know how the Inner Circle has been giving out different kinds of pills to have certain effects on the people inside of the sectors?"
Aaron nodded.  "I only just found out about them.  Caleb told me all about what they did not long ago.  Why?"
Martin's face became serious.  "There's no way we could get people out of the sectors while their minds are affected by the drugs, they're too powerful.  It would be impossible to get the people to act independently."
"Yeah…and?" Aaron asked eagerly.
"We've developed a serum to counteract the effects of the drugs.  The only problem is, we need someone to smuggle the serum inside the sectors."
"Do you have anyone to do that?"
Martin moved closer to Aaron, smiled, and said, "Aaron, your son is one of the volunteers.  He'll be here within a few days."
4.1 (Confrontation)
Martin quickly rushed up the street toward the massive glistening building with the large golden letters standing tall on its peak: BABEL.  He and Aaron had just finished drawing up the final pages of the policy they had been working on for months.  Martin was quite confident that their plan would work and the research data presented within might sway the high council's minds in their favor.  The high council was the true ruling elite within the Inner Circle.  They were the ones who held the most power and authority over everything that was going on.  Even though the Inner Circle was comprised of a few hundred members, the high council never let any of their plans or conversations heard from behind their sealed doors.
"Sir, sir!  Please hold on a second!" Martin shouted as he ran to who he thought to be one of the high council members’ assistants as he was ascending the stairs toward the large glass doors of the building.
The man stopped and turned his head, staring directly at Martin.  "Yes Martin, what is it?" he asked, sounding rather annoyed that he had been bothered.
"I'm sorry for stopping you, sir," Martin said, catching his breath, "But this is important."
The man continued staring at Martin, becoming increasingly impatient.  "Well, out with it then," he said coldly, looking down at his large golden watch.
"I ... uh ... we, my colleague and I, have been working on this policy that we wanted to present to the council members for voting into practice," Martin nervously continued, handing the document to the man in front of him.
The council member looked momentarily at the document that was being held out in his direction before ripping it from Martin's hand.  "What would you have me do with this?  Bring it to the council for you?" he asked.
Martin straightened his posture and stared directly into the man’s eyes.  "No, I would like you to review it and give me your opinion before we present it here ourselves."  He paused for a moment and then continued, "If you had the time, of course."
The man shifted his gaze from Martin to the document as he held it up closer to his eyes.  He was wearing a long, tan coat that draped down to his knees.  Reaching inside one of the flaps, he removed a small pair of circular reading glasses and lifted them to a resting position on his nose.  He flipped through several pages of the document in silence as Martin stood before him.  After skimming through five or so pages he removed his glasses, placed the document inside his leather briefcase, and said, "That will be all Martin.  I'll get back to you when I've had a chance to review it.  Do you have any other copies of this?"
Martin paused briefly before answering, "No, that's the only one, sir."
"Right.  Then I'll get back to you soon.  Good day," the man said as he turned and continued his way up the stairs.
"Thank you sir," Martin said as he turned to head the other way.  His mind was racing.  Was this a mistake?  He wanted to be sure that someone from the inside would be willing to back up the policy.  He had previously worked with Nolan on one occasion, years earlier, and he had always gotten the impression that he wasn’t fully behind what the high council members were doing.  Although Martin trusted his instincts about Nolan, there was always a chance that things could go wrong from here.
Nolan continued walking up the stairway before turning his head around quickly to see if Martin was still watching him.  When he saw Martin disappear around the corner, he stopped, took out his glasses and the document that he had just received, and continued reading it as he made his way into the central building.  He made his way down a large corridor lined with marble, gems, gold, and silver and stopped in front of a set of glass doors.  He removed his glasses, and pushed the doors, which heavily swung open into a large room with bright red carpeting, rows of cushioned seats and desks, and a small line of elaborate wooden chairs on a raised platform in the center of the room.  He walked to the raised platform where a group of six other men were seated, watching him as he approached.  "What is it Nolan?  You look troubled?" one of them asked.
Nolan continued walking with purpose, approaching a tabletop below the chairs and slammed the document down creating an echo that reverberated throughout the large, empty space.  "This," he snarled, "This needs to be dealt with immediately."
There was a long span of silence before one of the men asked, "What is ‘this’?"
"It's a proposition, drawn up by two of our lower class 'comrades' that will completely dismantle and reverse what we've been trying to achieve here."  Nolan picked the document up off the table and handed it up to one of the men.  
The high council members wore long black robes, gilded with gold and silver.  Most of the time, when in public, they kept their hoods up so they wouldn't be recognized by any of the other lower ranking Inner Circle members living inside the village.
After flipping through a few pages of the proposition, he handed it over to another council member seated beside him.  "Yes.  We will deal with this, Nolan."
Nolan barked back at the man, "How will we deal with this?  It must be destroyed.  This policy can't get out to any of the others here."
"Calm down Nolan," another one of the men said, "Have we gotten this far because we didn't know what we were doing?  No, we are in complete control.  The matter will be dealt with.  Did you ask this Martin if he had any other copies?"
"Of course I did," Nolan hissed, "He told me that this was the only one, but I don't believe him.  If he has an ounce of intelligence in him, he would have kept at least one copy for himself."
"Very well," one of the council members said calmly, "We will continue as planned.  We will keep reducing the population steadily until we feel we have reached a size more easily controllable."
Another council member added, "The ultimate goal is infinite power.  When we can control and manipulate the weak, dwindling masses, we can focus on having them work toward our immortality.  Nothing will stand in our way.  Not Martin, not this document, not God himself."
"Alright then," Nolan replied, becoming less agitated, "What should we do in the mean time?"
"I would propose that you return the document to this Martin, and give him an appointment to present the document to us.  Give him hope that all of his work isn’t for nothing."  A sickening smirk stretched across the council member's face as he said, "Then, on that day, we will squash him like a bug and remove the cancer from within our ranks."
Nolan smiled, removed his coat, put on his long black robe and took his seat among the others on the raised platform.  "Then I will hand this back to him tomorrow and set the date for five days from now."
****
Martin walked briskly up a long concrete walkway surrounded by flowers and knocked rapidly on a large wooden door.  After a short wait, it swung open and a voice exclaimed, "Martin, my friend!  How are you? Come in."
Martin entered the house and stood in the middle of an elaborately decorated foyer.  "Good morning Aaron," he said with a smile, "I have great news!"
Aaron walked over toward one of the doorways off to the side and made a gesture for Martin to go inside as he asked, "Oh, what would that be?"
Martin entered into a massive living area with several leather couches.  He walked across the room and sat down in the middle of one of them.  Down one of the hallways in the distance, he could hear Aaron’s daughter, Alice, giggling as she played.  "How is little Alice doing, Aaron?"
Aaron smiled.  "She's doing great.  Growing up very fast.  I guess we all do these days."  He walked over to a silver tray near one of the high vaulted windows.  "Would you like something to drink?"
"Sure.  Some scotch would be nice," he replied.
Aaron poured a small amount of scotch into a shiny glass and handed it to Martin.  At that moment Patrick entered the room, standing in the doorway with Alice in his arms.  "Hey there, Patrick.  How have you been?" Martin asked.  
Patrick confidently walked over to where Martin was seated and shook his hand.  "Hi Mr. Lensky.  I’ve been well, thanks.  How about you?”
“I’ve been pretty good myself,” Martin replied.
"Is there something you need Patrick?" Aaron asked.
"Nothing that can't wait.  I'll talk to you about it later on."
Martin stood up and walked behind Patrick so he could see Alice's face from where Patrick held her.  "And look at you, Alice!  My … look how big you’re getting," he said softly as he put his hand out for her to grab.  She squeezed two of his fingers together and giggled. 
"Martin had something he needed to talk to me about, Patrick.  I'll come see you as soon as we're done, okay?" Aaron said with a smile.
"Sure Dad.  I'll take Alice back down to her room so you guys can talk."
"Thanks, Patrick."
"It was good to see you again, Patrick," Martin said.
"It was good to see you again, sir," Patrick said as he headed out into the hallway.
Aaron sat down across the room from Martin.  "So, what's the good news?"
Martin returned back to his seat on the couch.  "Yesterday I handed our proposition to one of the people who works inside of the council chambers to review before presenting it to them.  He just came to my house this morning and handed it back to me.  He told me that it showed promise and we could present it to the high council in five days!  It's actually going to happen!  We're going to help those people!"
Aaron grinned from his spot on the couch.  "That's wonderful, Martin!  Do you know when exactly they want you to go in?"
"Not just me … us.  They want both of us to come in to present the bill to them."
Aaron shifted uneasily.  "Did he say why they wanted us both?"
"No, he didn't.  I assume it's because both of our names were signed on it."
Aaron took a sip of the scotch he had poured for himself and set it down on one of the end tables.  "Alright.  What time should I meet you?"
Martin stood up from the couch and spoke as he made his way over to the front door.  "Come sometime in the morning.  We don't have to be there until noon, but we can review some things together before we head out.  I need to go and revise a few parts of it now while it's fresh in my mind.  The council member who came to see me this morning made some notes for me, some suggestions."
Aaron stood up and followed Martin, who was hurrying toward the front door to leave, and said, "Sounds good then, Martin.  I'll see you in five days."
“Five days it is,” Martin replied, “Thanks for the drink.”
“Any time, my friend,” Aaron said with a smile.
Aaron shut the door behind Martin as he left.  He looked over through the doorway into the kitchen where Patrick was sitting.  He walked in and sat down on one of the kitchen stools.  "Now, Patrick.  What was it that you wanted to talk to me about?"
4.2 (Confrontation)
Several weeks had passed since Caleb had begun training with Alex.  He had become quite a good shot with the rifle he was given.  Things were becoming increasingly tense within the resistance group.  Patrick was due to arrive with information on the flame tank transport at any moment, the serum that was developed to counteract the effects of the drugs given out inside the sectors was being produced in sufficient amounts, and the group Martin had given Caleb's EMP device to had been able to recreate about a dozen of their own from the materials they had available.  Everything was falling into place, preparing for the assault on the flame tank transport group.  It was only a matter of time now.
Aaron had recovered his strength.  He spent much of his time with Caleb, Alice, and Martin as they went over the maps and strategies that were going to be used in the assault.  The captain of the particular recon group that would be heading up the ambush was fine tuning the last few parts of the plan.  All the people who were going to be involved in the attack stood around a circular metallic table with a tattered map covered with markings stretched out on its surface.  "From what we were able to gather," the captain said, "this point here is 'Sector 27', and this point over here looks to be one of the execution camps ... or reassignment camps, as they call them," he continued, pointing at two of the markings made on the map.  "Our scouts have reported that the flame tank arrived at Sector 27 several days ago.  We are under the assumption that it was headed there for repairs."
Martin looked up from the map, over toward the captain.  "How can we be sure it was sent there for repairs?" he asked.
"One of our spies inside Sector 27 had given us a rundown of the types of jobs that are performed there.  There are several different kinds of work, but one of them is mechanical engineering.  It doesn't make any sense to bring in the flame tank for use against the people inside.  Our spy tells us that the drugs are administered there so almost every person inside is of no threat to the Inner Circle.  There are a few 'trouble makers' that pop up every now and then, but they are dealt with quickly."  The captain hunched over the table and pointed toward the circle that marked the reassignment camp's location.  "The group that spotted the flame tank weeks ago first saw it just outside the reassignment camp, here.  They reported that it had to stop several times on its way to Sector 27, and each time it did, a few members of the group that were transporting it tinkered with some of the mechanical parts under the hood."
From across the room the men could hear the chain links being removed from the set of metal double doors.  Everyone's attention shifted toward the commotion.  The doors swung open and a man dressed in a Guardian's uniform entered the room and stopped.  He momentarily looked around the room before saying, "I’m looking for Martin."
The man was very tall and muscular.  His rifle was strapped across his back, goggles covering his eyes.  He walked toward the middle of the room and took the goggles from his face and rested them atop his helmet.  "Over here!" Martin shouted from his place behind the wall of people.  Martin made his way through the crowd to where the man stood.  "It's good to see you again," he said with a smile.
The man in the Guardian's uniform nodded and said, "It's good to see you too, Martin.  It's been a while."
"Yes it has ... too long, in fact.  Come, this way!  There are some people I would like you to see," Martin said as he guided the man back toward the table with the group surrounding it.
As they approached the table, Alice squinted at the man.  He looked familiar somehow, but she couldn't seem to figure out why.  Caleb remained alert.  Seeing the Guardian's armor brought back memories of the grid, the fear that their presence used to stir up in him.  Even though he saw that this man was with the resistance group, the sight of the uniform made him feel uneasy as he tightly gripped the handle of his rifle that was hanging at his side.
"Everyone," Martin said to the group around the table.  "For those of you who don't know, this is Patrick.  He's been an integral part of this group for a long time now.  He's helped us by providing information on the enemy's movements, activity and habits, and getting people out of the Sectors."
Patrick nodded at the group.  "It's good to see you all," he said.
Caleb studied Patrick's movements.  Was this the man who helped get him out of the grid?  Aaron's son?  Alice's brother?
Martin called over to a young man who was standing near one of the screens lined up in the middle of the room.  "Hey, Johnny," he said as the young man walked over to Martin and stood at attention.
"Yes, sir?" he replied.
"Can you do me a favor, son?  I need you to go get Aaron, the man that we took in and brought back to health.  He's a few doors down on the right side."
"Yes, sir," the young man said as he took off toward the hallway. 
Martin looked back at Patrick and smiled. 
"Aaron?" Patrick asked, “Martin, is my father here?"
Martin patted Patrick on the shoulder and said, "Yes he is.  He's with us now.  Your sister too.  She's around here somewhere..." he said, as he scanned the faces of the people surrounding him.
"Alice?” Patrick said under his breath, searching the sea of faces.
Alice slowly emerged from behind a group of people and took a few careful steps toward Patrick.  "You ... you're my brother?" she asked as she moved closer.
Patrick stood in amazement.  "Oh my God.  Alice, is that you?" he exclaimed.
He rushed over toward Alice and examined her.  "You're all grown up!  I can't believe it's been this long since I've seen you!"
Alice nervously smiled and examined the expression on Patrick’s face.
Suddenly, to Alice’s surprise, Patrick picked her up off her feet and embraced her.  "I've missed you so much," he said, hugging her tightly and returning her to her feet.  "The hardest thing I’ve ever had to do was leave you and dad.  I knew it was something that I had to do, but I never stopped thinking about you guys."
Caleb stood in the crowd of people, beaming at what he was witnessing.  He was so happy that Patrick was alive and well, and that Alice, who hadn't seen him since she was very little, was able to be reunited with him.  Just as Patrick returned Alice to her feet, Aaron entered the room from the hallway a short distance away.  He slowly made his way through the crowd of people to where Patrick and Alice were standing.  As he got closer, he could see his son standing with his daughter once again.  Waves of emotion poured over him.  “Patrick?” he said through tearing eyes as he rushed toward him.
Patrick burst into tears as the two hugged each other.  Alice watched the scene unfold, happy that she could finally see her brother who she hardly remembered, but had heard so much about … happy that her father was finally reunited with Patrick, after everything that had happened since he had left … happy that her father wouldn’t have to wonder if he were alive anymore.
"We have a lot of catching up to do,” Patrick said as he stepped back from his father’s embrace.  Looking over at Martin he was suddenly reminded of where he was and what he had come here to do.  "But first, I need to discuss the flame-tank."
Martin, who was letting them enjoy the moment, stepped forward and asked, “Yes, Patrick, what information do you have for us?”
"The flame-tank is set to leave Sector 27 in two days.  It's going to be escorted back to the reassignment sector.  I was supposed to be part of that transport group," Patrick answered.
"We've got all of our materials ready.  Explosives, weapons, and people.  We're set to ambush them along the road a few miles from here."  Martin led Patrick over to the map laid out on the table.  "This is where we're planning the ambush," he said, pointing to one of the markings on the map, "It provides us with a perfect vantage point from on top of the small hills running along the road.  Do you think the transport will make it that far by midday?"
"Definitely," Patrick replied, "They are going to be leaving Sector 27 at sunrise."
"Ok then people!" Martin shouted, "Let's get everything ready to go!  We have a little while left today and the rest of the preparations will be done tomorrow."  He looked back over at the captain and said, "Captain, fill Patrick in on our plans quickly!"
"Yes, sir," the captain replied.  He took Patrick aside and began detailing their plan of attack to him.
Martin made his way to Caleb, through the crowd that was now rushing busily around the room.  "Caleb.  I have good news," he said.
"What is it Martin?" Caleb asked.
"We were able to make several EMP devices from the one that you brought to us."
Caleb smiled.  "That's great!”
Martin continued, "We also have a serum that can be used to combat the effects of the drugs that are given to control the people inside the sectors."
Caleb nodded.
Martin's face became more serious as he said, "Caleb, you lived inside Sector 27 your whole life.  You know the layout, schedules, everything.  The only way we can get the serum to the people inside is through someone who knows their way around.  Now, I don't want to put too much pressure on you, but how would you feel about getting back inside Sector 27 and figuring out a way to spread the serum throughout?"
Caleb thought for a moment.  He knew Martin was right.  He was the best person for the task.  He knew how to get back in without being detected, and he knew where everything was.  After a short while he said, "Yes, Martin.  I think this is what I’m meant to do.  I want to be able to help the people left inside in any way I can.  This is my best chance to do that.  What do you need me to do?"
Martin smiled softly and patted him on the shoulder.  "Thank you Caleb.  As far as what you're going to do with the serum once inside, that's going to be up to you to figure out.  We were hoping you'd have some ideas.  Patrick is going to head back in with you to deliver some of the EMP devices to a few of our spies we have there.  Obviously, he can get back in without drawing any attention to himself.  They trust him.  You, on the other hand, will need to sneak back in."
"That won't be a problem," Caleb said, "I should be able to get back in the same way I got out."
"Very good."  Martin said, "I'll go over the plan in more detail with you later today.  Right after the assault on the flame-tank in two days’ time, you and Patrick will make your way back to Sector 27.  We will send all the men we have to coordinate an attack on the sector once we get as many people out as we can."  Martin stopped for a moment before saying, "The whole plan at this point rests entirely on your success.  If you can't get the serum delivered somehow, there's no way we will be able to get the people out of there, and the attack would be senseless."
Caleb looked down at the ground, churning over ideas in his head about how he could distribute the serum.  He looked back up at Martin and said, "I understand.  Let's get ready for it."
4.3 (Confrontation)
Caleb walked down the long hallway toward the central command room.  Alice was beside him, holding his hand.  She seemed more nervous now that the day had finally arrived where they would be heading out to try to destroy the flame-tank.  Behind them, Alex, Brian and Patrick walked at a steady pace discussing the plans that had been put forth for the day’s assault.  “Patrick, I don’t know if you’ve been a part of one of these before I arrived here,” Alex said as they walked, “But the plan is pretty simple.  We make sure to pick a location well ahead of where the flame tank currently is.  The spot has to be narrow enough for us to be able to plant our pipe bombs along the sides of the road and be close enough to where the escort group will be moving through.”
Patrick was listening closely to what Alex had to say.  “Got it so far,” he replied.
“Ok good,” Alex said, “Now, it’s important that we coordinate the attack precisely to be sure to catch them off guard.  The captain has picked the most advantageous spot for us here,” he continued as he pointed to a circled area on the map he was carrying.
“That looks like it’s close to the Reassignment Sector,” Patrick said.
“It is.  It’s about two miles away from the checkpoint just before the Sector,” Brian added.
Alex nodded his head in agreement and continued.  “The road is bottlenecked here with small hills running along either side.  We’re going to split up into two groups, one on the north hill, and the other on the south.  If all goes according to plan, we will have been there and have our pipe bombs set up well before the flame-tank and escort group arrive.”
“Just to be sure,” Caleb said, his head turned halfway around toward Alex, “once we’re set up and the escort group arrives, we wait for the pipe bombs to go off, then start aiming for the Guardians that will be surrounding the flame-tank, right?”
Alex nodded his head.  “You’ve got it.  And remember, we have one person in each group that will be carrying a few small grenades.”
The group finally made their way into the central command room.  A small group of other men were already there with the captain standing near the middle of the room talking.  Martin was with the group as well and acknowledged the newcomers’ arrival as they entered.  “Good morning everyone.  Are you all ready for today?” he asked, as they approached where the rest of the men were gathered.
Martin looked more serious than usual today.  Caleb didn’t know how many times the resistance group had done this sort of thing.  Was this one of many times they had been down this road?  Had they lost a lot of people doing this sort of thing?  For now, he trusted the decisions being made by the people who were putting the plans together.  
“Good morning Martin,” Patrick said, still dressed in his Guardian attire, “I believe we are.  Alex was just going over the details with us one last time on the way here.”
“Good … good,” Martin said, “Now that everyone has arrived, I just want to let you all know how proud I am to be part of such a great bunch of people.”  He began to pace slowly back and forth in front of the group standing at attention before him.  “Not everyone who is living outside of the Sectors has the motivation that you all do for justice and freedom.  Some are happy to live out their lives alone, not worrying about the other unfortunate people who are still left under the Inner Circle’s control.  But you … you are all different.  What they are doing sickens you to the point of willing to risk your own lives for the chance of seeing only a handful of people freed.  It’s people like you that give me the hope that someday, maybe not in my lifetime, but in the years to come, the Inner Circle can be brought down and the people can be free to live life the way that it was meant to be, to regain their God-given rights.  Thank you all for the task that you are about to undertake today.  Thank you for your courage, your honor, and your dedication to the cause of justice.”  Martin looked at the faces of the people standing in front of him, smiled and said, “Godspeed men.”
After Martin had finished speaking, the captain moved to the front of the group and began to direct them out.  “Alright everyone, listen up.  We’ve got everything ready to go.  All that’s left to do now is to execute.  If everyone sticks to the plan and stays calm, we will achieve a victory for freedom today.”  He walked across the room to the metal table and picked up a bag full of the explosives.  “Brian, here’s your bag,” he said, as Brian moved forward and took the bag from the captain’s hands.  The captain picked up a second bag and said, “Alex, here are your explosives.” 
Alex moved toward the captain and took the bag of explosives from him.  He stayed in front of the group standing beside Brian.  “These two men here are going to be the ones in charge of the explosives for the two teams,” the captain continued.  “Patrick, Caleb and Alice, you will be assigned to Alex’s team.  The rest of you are with Brian and I.  Brian’s group will take the north side, Alex’s the south.”  He watched as the men broke off into their respective groups then said, “Alright.  Let’s move out.”
Outside the resistance group’s building, the sun was shining brightly through the trees.  It hadn’t reached noon yet, since it still hadn’t cleared the tops of the trees.  The group headed deeper into the forest toward the spot that had been chosen for their assault.  “Caleb …” Alice said as they walked.  “Are you nervous?”
Caleb kept his head forward.  He had been thinking about what was going to be taking place in the near future.  “A little bit, yeah,” he replied, “How about you, are you doing okay?”
Alice took Caleb’s hand and remained silent for a moment.  “I’m scared,” she replied.
Caleb gently squeezed her freezing hand, looked over at her, smiled and said, “Don’t worry Alice, I’m right here with you.  I won’t let anything happen to you.”
Alex, who was walking just ahead of them, offered words of encouragement.  “We’re going to be fine.  All we need to do is stick with the plan and stay calm.  We’ll all be celebrating this small victory back at the base tonight.”
Patrick had remained silent since he had left the resistance base.  Martin had given him the dozen or so EMP devices that his men were able to replicate from the one that Caleb had saved from the grid.  The assault on the flame-tank was only the beginning for Patrick.  He was going to smuggle the EMP devices back into Sector 27 after the assault had been finished.  Caleb searched through his lab coat pocket with his free hand.  Inside he felt the cool metal canister containing the serum that he was going to have to distribute throughout Sector 27.  He hadn’t told Alice about that part of the plan yet.  He didn’t want to give her any more to think about until after the attack on the flame-tank and the escort group was over.  
They continued moving silently, closer to their destination.  When they finally arrived, the sun had just about reached a point directly overhead, indicating it was some time around noon.  Alex called ahead to Brian’s group, who had been about thirty yards in front of them.  Brian was already crouching down at the top of the hill overlooking the narrow path of concrete below.  Caleb and Alice stood together as Brian and Alex exchanged a few last words and Brian’s group headed down toward the street and across to the hill on the other side.  “Ready Alice?” Caleb asked.

“Yeah, let’s go,” she replied, nervously following Caleb’s footsteps toward the edge of the hill. 
Patrick was scaling the hill in the direction away from the Reassignment Sector.  He was scouting ahead to see if he could locate the flame-tank’s position.  Alex was down below on the roadside equally spacing out the pipe bombs.  Brian was on the opposite side of the road doing the same thing.  Caleb and Alice watched from on top of the hill.  “Do you think they’re going to be here soon?” Alice asked him.
Caleb shrugged.  “I’m not sure.  We could be here for a while, or they could show up any moment now.  Patrick hasn’t come back, so he must not have seen anything yet.”
Alice pulled herself up over the ledge of the hill and looked down at Alex and Brian as they finished setting up the last set of pipe bombs.  “Do you think this will work?” she asked.
Caleb had been wondering the same thing during the long walk out to this spot.  He couldn’t be sure, but the way that Alex, Martin and the captain had talked about it made it sound like they couldn’t fail.  “Yeah, I do,” Caleb replied with a confident smile.
Alice returned the smile.  “Well, I hope you’re right.  If not, I’m going to let you have it later,” she said, playfully, trying to settle her nerves.
“Deal,” Caleb said, winking.
Alex had reappeared over the top of the hill and sat next to Caleb, breathing heavily.  “Everything’s set,” he said, “Caleb, I need you to do something for me.”
“What is it?” Caleb asked.
“Here, take this,” Alex said, reaching into the bag where the explosives had been.  He pulled out one grenade and a piece of yellow cloth and handed them to Caleb.  
Caleb held up the piece of bright yellow material and asked, “What do I need to do with this?”
Alex wiped his forehead with his sleeve, as he just about fully caught his breath.  “When I signal to you, I need you to wave that high up into the air for Brian and his group to see.  That’s the signal to blow the pipe bombs.”
“Okay, I can do that,” Caleb replied, lowering the yellow material and lifting up the grenade.  “And this?”
Alex looked serious.  “That’s going to detonate shortly after you pull the pin and let go of this handle.  I’m trusting you with it.  I’ve got the rest of them here, but if I catch the escort group’s attention, I’ll need you to try and throw it as close as you can to them.  Can you do that for me?”
Caleb nodded.  “I’ll do my best.”
Alice squeezed Caleb’s hand tighter, proud that he had earned Alex’s trust.  Caleb looked over toward Alice.   “Look at you,” she said quietly so only Caleb could hear, “Still moving up the ranks.”
Just as she had said that, Patrick came barreling along the hilltop toward the group.  He stopped just before them, taking deep, heavy breaths and said, “They’re just up the road.  They’ll be here soon.  Is everything ready, are the explosives in place, Alex?”
“We’re good to go.  Let’s give it to them guys!  Everyone get into position!  Caleb, when I give you the signal, throw up the yellow flag.  Alice and Patrick, once the detonations go off start firing at anything that moves, got it?”
Alice nodded, “Yes, sir!” she said and then nervously looked toward Caleb.
Patrick patted Alice on the shoulder and said, “You’ll do fine, Alice.  Just stay calm.  Remember, you’re good with that rifle.  Stay low if they shoot at you.  Duck behind the ridge if you need to.”
Caleb nodded in agreement and said, “You’re going to do great Alice.  We believe in you.”  
Patrick looked intently at Alice, then Caleb.  He could see that both of them were tense.  He patted both of them on the shoulder saying, “You are both going to be fine,” then made his way along the edge of the hilltop toward the direction the flame-tank was going to be appearing from.
Caleb looked down at Alice.  “Are you ready?” he asked.
“I am,” she said, “Be careful, Caleb.”
Caleb knelt down and grabbed her hand.  “I will, I promise.  You too,” he replied.
Alice nodded, then directed her gaze forward, mentally preparing herself for what was about to transpire.
Caleb stood up and made his way off in the same direction Patrick had gone, about halfway between him and Alice.  He laid down on the ground with his back resting against the ridge of the hilltop.  He looked back down toward Alex who was making some hand signals across the road to Brian’s group.  There arose a distant sound of clanking metal gears, and hisses of steam.  Caleb’s heartbeat began to quicken and he started counting backwards from ten.  Breathing, counting, breathing, counting.  He closed his eyes as the sound grew louder and louder.  He pushed himself over the top of the ledge and peeked down the road.  He could see the large Humvee-looking vehicle heading toward them.  He counted twelve Guardians walking all around the massive armored machine.  Then he looked back over toward Alex as the escort group moved closer to the pipe bombs lining the road.  Once the group moving down below had reached a point within the blast radius of the bombs, Alex raised his hand to Caleb and dropped it down, signaling Caleb to hold the flag up over the ledge.
Caleb held the flag up into the air as high as he could.  After several moments of silence the explosives went off.  The ground shook violently, then smoke and dust lifted up into the air over the road below.  A piece of cement landed at Caleb’s feet as he sat with his back up against the ridge, gripping his rifle tightly.  He looked further down toward Patrick, who was sitting calmly in place.  Then he looked over at Alice who had her hands over her ears, but otherwise looked calm.  The few seconds that passed after the explosion felt like an eternity.  From the other side of the road Caleb could hear gunfire from Brian’s group.  Down below, some of the Guardians were screaming out in pain.  The bombs must have gotten some of them, Caleb thought.  He pushed himself up over the ridge and looked down below.  Several of the Guardians were lying motionless on the ground.  It looked as if they had been tossed like ragdolls off the street, into the grass at the bottom of the hills.  Some of them were squirming on the ground, one in particular was grabbing his leg, which looked like it had been torn to ribbons.  Caleb’s stomach churned at the site.
“Caleb now!” Patrick yelled from his position on the hill, snapping Caleb back to his senses.
Caleb lifted his rifle into his hand and started firing down at the Guardians below.  He could see sparks flying from the impact of bullets against the steel flame-tank in the center.  He kept calm, focused on his sights and continued firing.  Bullets hit the ground in front of him, throwing dirt back into his face.  He ducked back behind the ridge and crawled a little ways from where he originally was.  
Alice was about twenty yards away, peering over the ledge shooting down at the road.  Her hands were shaky, but she concentrated on taking deep breaths in and exhaling, pulling the trigger.  Caleb popped back up over the ridge and started firing again.  This time he hit one of the Guardians directly below their goggles, sending him flopping backwards to the ground.  There were only two left.  Both taking cover from behind the flame-tank, which at this point was blowing a large trail of fire up the hillside towards Brian’s group.  The other two Guardians were both firing in the same direction.  Caleb stood up.  He saw Patrick hit one of the two that were remaining, and then Alex took out the other.  Caleb looked down at the flame-tank which was still spraying fire up at Brian’s group and noticed a small hatch with a handle on its side.  He picked up the grenade that Alex had given him earlier and left his gun on the ridge.  He quickly made his way down the hill.  The flame-tank was still focused on the hill opposite the one Caleb had been on.  “Almost there, come on, a few more feet,” Caleb said to himself.  He reached the bottom of the hill and ran as fast as he could to the side of the flame-tank.  The sound was deafening, an obnoxious, loud hissing, and the heat was almost unbearable.  Finally, he reached the handle and pulled hard on it.  A small opening appeared on the other side and he saw two small men sitting within.  Neither one of them seemed to notice that he had pulled open the tiny door.  He took the grenade in his hand, pulled the pin and gently placed it inside.  Once he took his hand off of the lever on the grenade, it sprung forward and hit one of the men in the back.  He turned and looked over at Caleb, but it was too late.  He had already slammed the door shut and took off sprinting in the other direction.  
Caleb ran as fast as he could to the side of the road and dove into a gully just as the explosion went off behind him.  Metal parts and chunks of pavement went whizzing over his head, crashing into the hillside.  A small plume of smoke began to rise up into the air and Caleb could hear the sound of people cheering from the hilltops on either side of the road.  It was over, they had won.
4.4 (Confrontation)
Caleb slowly stood to his feet from where he was lying in the gully beside the road.  The cheers from the handful of the resistance group members were like music to his ears.  He looked around and saw them running down the hillside toward the road.  Alice was the first one to make it down and she sprinted as fast as she could toward Caleb.  She threw her arms around him as he lifted her off her feet and swung her around.  “We did it, we really did it!” she yelled with excitement.
“I can’t believe it,” Caleb said, somewhat shocked, “We took them out!”
Caleb put Alice back down to her feet as Alex walked over to him.  Alex patted him on the back and said, “Way to go Caleb!  I knew you wouldn’t let me down with that grenade.”
“Thanks, Alex,” Caleb replied, “It was just an impulse.  I saw the door on the back side of the flame-tank and knew what I had to do.”
Some of the men in the group were searching through the debris, checking to make sure the Guardians were dead and looking down the road around a small bend to make sure nobody else was coming their way.  Patrick stood behind Caleb, hugging Alice.  “Great job kiddo,” he said to her.
“Thank you, Patrick,” she replied, “I really appreciated those words of encouragement you gave me right before the fight.”
“It was the truth,” he said, “Caleb and I both had faith in you.”
Alice looked down the street and saw Caleb talking with Alex off to the side.  She wondered what they were talking about.  Once she saw Caleb start walking back toward her, she headed in his direction.  “What’s going on?” she asked, “What did Alex want?”
Caleb looked down at the ground momentarily, then looked back up at Alice.  “There’s something I need to tell you, Alice,” he said.
Alice had a concerned look on her face.  “What is it?” she asked.
Caleb thought about how he wanted to tell Alice this next piece of information.  “I should have told you sooner, but I didn’t want you to worry about anything other than the assault.”
Alice was becoming impatient.  “Caleb, tell me what’s going on,” she insisted.
Caleb grabbed her hand and said, “Alice, Martin pulled me aside a few days ago.  Do you know about the serum they made to counteract the drugs that the people inside the grids are given?”
“Yes,” she said slowly, “What about it?”
“Well …” Caleb continued, “Martin asked me if I would volunteer to smuggle the serum inside Sector 27 and find a way to distribute it to as many people as I could.  He told me that out of all of the people in the resistance group, I had the most knowledge of the layout.  I told him I would do it.  I’m going back to Sector 27 tonight with Patrick.  I’m breaking back in.”
Alice remained silent.  She looked down at her feet, thoughtful.  “Caleb …” she said, “What if you can’t get back out?”
Caleb softly smiled and rubbed her hand with his thumb.  “It’s okay, Alice.  I know that this is what I’m supposed to do.  Deep down, I know that I’m meant for this task.  I know how to get back in, I know where I’m going to take the serum, and I can make my way back out.  I have to do this … for the people inside.”
Caleb reached up and wiped a few stray tears from Alice’s eyes.  She looked up at him and said, “Here, I want you to have this.”  She took a small golden necklace from around her neck.  “My dad gave this to me when I was younger, he told me it would keep me safe from harm.”
Caleb took the golden necklace from her hand.  It was very light and had a small cross hanging from the links.  “Thank you, Alice,” he said as he held it up to the light, “I’ll never let go of this.”
Alice walked behind him and hung it around his neck.  Caleb turned to face her and saw that her eyes were tearing up.  “Alice, it’s going to be alright.  I’ll be with Patrick, he’s been doing this a long time now.  We each have our jobs to do, and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can.”
She sniffled, “Do you promise?”
“I promise,” he said, sincerely, trying to comfort Alice, as he could see she was worried about him.
Patrick had come over to where the two were standing and saw that Alice was upset.  He knew then that Caleb must have told her about his next mission.  “He’s going to be okay, Alice.  I’m going to take good care of him,” he said, gently putting his hand on her shoulder.
Alice looked back at him and smiled, but didn’t say anything.
“Caleb, we should probably get moving if we want to make it before nightfall,” Patrick said, strapping his rifle up around his shoulder.
“Alright,” Caleb replied, “Just one second.”
Patrick began to walk down the road to speak with Alex before he left.  Caleb hugged Alice tightly and said, “I’m so grateful to have met you.  You’re the best thing that’s happened in my life since my father was taken from me, you and Aaron both.  You guys taught me that there is still some humanity left in the world.  Just knowing that there are even two people worth fighting for gives me the strength and will to push on and fight the Inner Circle, to help the people left under their control.”  He paused for a moment and then said, “I love you, Alice.”
Alice began to sob as she said, “Caleb, I love you too!”
Caleb wiped the tears from her eyes with his sleeve and they kissed.  “Don’t be sad, Alice.  I’ll be back before you even realize I was gone,” he said as he picked up his rifle and draped it over his shoulder.
“I’ll see you soon,” she replied as he walked away from her.  “Good luck.”
Caleb looked back at her over his shoulder and smiled, trying to hide the emotions that were about to burst from within him.  
In a few steps, Caleb caught up with Patrick who had been talking with Alex.  “I’m ready Patrick,” he said.
“Caleb, I just want to wish you the best of luck in there,” Alex said as he put his hand out for Caleb to shake.  
Caleb took his hand and firmly shook it.  “Thanks, Alex, take care of yourself.  Hopefully I’ll be back within a few days.  Thank you for everything you’ve done for me here, I really appreciate it.”
“The pleasure’s been all mine, Caleb.  It’s been wonderful getting to know you,” Alex said, smiling.
“Alright.  Caleb, you ready?” Patrick asked.
Caleb nodded, “Yeah, let’s go.”
Alex shook Patrick’s hand and then the two men began their journey back to Sector 27. 
****
Caleb and Patrick arrived on the outskirts of Sector 27 just before nightfall.  “Caleb, this is where we’ll need to separate.  You can head into the forest here and make your way through the clearing toward the fence.  I left a small mound of rocks at the spot in the overgrowth where you’ll need to crawl through to get to the opening.”
“Ok,” Caleb said.  “Where are you going to get in?”
“I’m going right back in the front gates.  I’m going to tell them what happened to the flame-tank, that it was ambushed and have a team sent out to recover what they can.  Tomorrow I’m going to meet up with some of my men inside, men from the resistance groups, posing as Guardians, and give them the EMP devices.  We’ll be waiting on you to get that serum circulated.”
Caleb nodded.  “Alright, I’ll make sure to get it done,” he said, “Good luck, Patrick.”
“You too, Caleb,” Patrick replied as he continued his way down the road.  “Oh...Caleb,” he said before Caleb disappeared into the forest.
“Yeah?” Caleb asked.
“I’m glad that you found your way into my father and Alice’s lives.  I can’t imagine a better person for them to have taken in.  And I’m glad to have met you as well,” Patrick said with a smile.
Caleb thought it looked odd, seeing someone dressed as a Guardian smiling.  “That means a lot to me,” he said, “I’m glad to have met you too.  We’ll need to get to know each other better when this is all over.”
“Sounds great, Caleb.”
Patrick turned and began his walk back into the Sector as Caleb moved stealthily behind the tree line.  The sun was setting, and it was getting harder for Caleb to see.  He made his way across the clearing with the tall grass and up toward the dense overgrowth surrounding one section of fencing.  He walked along one end of the overgrowth toward the other, eventually finding the mound of rocks that Patrick had told him about.  Caleb got on his stomach and pushed himself forward into the bushes.  After a long while of crawling through, he found himself up against the fence.  It was dark now.  The two lampposts on either side of him were dim and flickering.  His stomach started to feel sick.  All of the memories of being inside the grid came back to him now.  While he was out with Alice and Aaron, then with the resistance group, he had forgotten the feeling of being trapped inside. 
He listened for any sounds coming from around the living quarters.  It was silent.  He could hear the sound of crickets chirping on and off and the breeze blowing through the overgrowth.  He pushed the fence flap forward and began to squirm his way inside.  Once he was all the way through he stood up and moved quickly into one of the alleyways between two living quarters.  Caleb knew where he needed to take the serum.  They kept the pumps for the water that they bottled inside the fences surrounding the central building.  He needed to get inside and dump the serum into the pipes there.  That would ensure that the serum would be distributed to many more people than by any other means. 
He moved slowly along the walls of the cold, rough living quarters.  The smells, the sounds, the feelings all came back to him.  It was almost overwhelming, but he kept his mind focused on the job at hand.  He had to get to the water pump, and he had to do it before morning.  It took a while, but he finally made his way to just outside the central building.  He could see two Guardians standing at the main gate.  This fence didn’t have barbed wire on it, so he picked a place a good distance away from the Guardians and stood behind a wall there.  He waited patiently, listening for movement, sounds, anything that would be dangerous to him.  Silence, crickets, the blowing wind.  Caleb moved forward toward the fence, making sure the canister containing the serum was snug inside his pocket and began climbing to climb it.  One foot, two feet, five, six, seven, ten, he was at the top of the fence.  Turn, ten feet, nine, six, four, ground.  His feet hit the ground with a dull thud and a poof of dirt.
There it was.  The water pump.  Only yards away from him.  It was dark, but he could make out its shape through the dim moonlight bathing over the compound.  Quickly, he ran toward the pump and unscrewed a small metal lid.  He took the canister out of his pocket and dumped its contents into the water.  He listened to the trickling sound it made as it hit the water inside, and he smiled.  ‘I did it,’ he thought.  Now all he had to do was get back out before the sun came up.  ‘Funny, now the sun has become my enemy,’ he thought.  He ran back toward the fence, climbed up one side and down the other, and headed back the way he came, back toward the hole in the fence.  Several miles down his old street now, he remembered the phrase uttered by the Guardian that one fateful day: fifty, left, eighty, left, thirty, overgrowth.  The best words he had ever heard up to that point.  This was the spot where he was told those words, right here.  He passed by with haste and zig zagged through alleyways before seeing the fence only a few yards ahead of him.  The sun was getting higher, oranges and purples were being sprayed out into the sky from behind the mountain tops.  Outside the alleyway, moving along the fence, pulling at the bottom.  He found the loose links, tugged with both hands, he had done it!   He made it in and now he was going to head back to the resistance camp and see Alice again!  Then suddenly, he felt a crushing blow on back of his head before everything went black.
4.5 (Confrontation)
Patrick watched as Caleb disappeared behind the tree line running parallel to the fence surrounding Sector 27.  He turned his head toward the setting sun, watching the magnificent display of rays dancing from behind some scattered clouds.  His attention shifted to the approaching guard post directly ahead of him, the only thing between him and the sector.  As he approached, he saw one of the infiltrated resistance group members standing inside.  He walked up to the door and entered a small room.  “Patrick, 7-C, returning to barracks,” he said, “I have news to report.”
“Go ahead,” one of the two men inside the post said in a bored tone.
“Escort group 5-D from 27 to Reassignment has been destroyed en route.  Requesting immediate dispatch of recovery team,” Patrick said monotonously.
Patrick watched as the Guardian turned around toward a hand radio hanging on the wall behind him.  Once he was sure that the man’s attention was diverted, he slowly and quietly reached down to the transmitter box sitting on the table below and unplugged one of the wires.  “Guard post to base, come in,” the man said into the radio.
There was no reply.  “Guard post to base, come in, do you copy?” he said again, with no reply.
After a short moment of silence, the man got up from where he was seated with an annoyed huff and moved toward the door.  “I guess I’ll have to head down to the barracks myself.  Handle things here until I get back,” he said to the other Guardian who had been standing silently in the corner.
“Yes, sir,” the previously silent Guardian replied.
At that, the first Guardian left the post and walked steadily down the long street toward the nearby barracks.  Patrick stood in the doorway and watched as the man moved out of view.  “Mark, we don’t have much time,” he said to the other Guardian who was still standing quietly in the corner of the room.  Patrick then reached into one of his pockets and pulled out a bag full of the EMP devices.  He held the bag in his hands and moved across the room to where Mark was standing.  “I need you to distribute these to the contacts in your barracks,” he continued, handing the bag over to Mark.  “These are some EMP devices that Martin was able to copy from the original device he had gotten a hold of.  We have someone working on distributing a serum to the people inside the sector.  Tell your contacts to wait for signs of the drug wearing off.  The people should start becoming more lucid.”
“Okay, Patrick,” the man replied, taking the bag of EMP’s in his hands and examining them.  “Do they work the same as the ones the officials keep here?”
“Yes, same concept.  But it’s still very important to wait until we see the effects of the drugs wearing off before we try to use them,” Patrick replied.
“Very good,” Mark said, “I’ll get these to my contacts as I find opportunities to do so.”
“Excellent,” Patrick replied with a slight smile, “I’ve got to get back to my barracks to give these to my men there.  You take care of yourself, Mark.  Good luck.”
“You too, Patrick.  Stay safe, my friend.”
The two men shook hands and Patrick went on his way toward his barracks.  As he walked down the road, he saw the recovery team mobilizing at one of the checkpoints around the sector.  A small group of five people were taking a large transport truck that was normally used to move people from sector to sector out of the gate.  Patrick watched as the heavy metallic gate clanked open from side to side, then slid shut as the truck moved past.  He continued walking and eventually arrived at his barracks.  Light flowed out from the glass window panes on the main door and illuminated the area around them.  Patrick pushed through them and ascended the stairs to his room.  He hid the EMP devices that he had left under his mattress and then sat for a moment in his lounge chair, enjoying the peace and quiet.  After only a short time had passed, the alarm in his bedroom rang out, breaking the silence.  Quickly, he rushed to his rifle and helmet, threw them on and headed out of his room and down the stairs to the main hall.  The other members of his team had been sleeping, and they arrived a little while after him.
He stared blankly at the screen, waiting for the message to appear informing them of the job they were being called out for on this night.  Finally, words flashed onto the screen that left Patrick stunned.  “Come on, let’s get him,” one of his team members said from behind him.  
As Patrick hurried after the two men on his team, heading toward the Humvee.  The words he saw on the screen ran through his mind repeatedly: Team 7-C - Escape attempt - Pickup along Eastern fence - Citizen # 759-47A.  Patrick began to feel sick to his stomach once he saw the number, Caleb’s number.
4.6 (Confrontation) 
Caleb sat at the metal table in the center of his room inside the resistance base.  Alice had just left to go grab them something to eat and it was quiet.  Occasionally he would hear children laughing from down the hall, footsteps shuffling here and there on the other side of his closed door.  But inside the room was calm, stillness.  He stared at a blank piece of paper he had laying neatly in front of him on the surface of the table.  It was difficult for him to come up with the words he wanted to write down on it.  He didn’t have much time, Alice would be back soon with their dinner, so he needed to come up with something quickly.  “Alice, if you’re reading this …” the letter began.  After a little while he put his pen down, folded the paper several times and put it in his lab coat pocket.
The silence was broken as the door swung open and Alice entered the room, closing it behind her.  “Okay,” she said, “they had some more of your favorites … beans, and different kinds of veggies.”
Caleb watched her as she walked across the room toward the table where he remained sitting.  He softly smiled at her and said, “Great, you know I love my beans.  Thanks, Alice.”
Alice sat down at the table and stared into Caleb’s eyes.  “Hey, are you alright?” she asked, “It seems like something’s been on your mind lately.”
Caleb looked up from his food and said, “Yeah, I’m fine.  A little on edge about tomorrow, that’s all.”
“So it’s not just me?” she replied, “I’m kind of relieved to hear you say that.  I thought I was the only one who was nervous.”
Caleb smiled.  “We’ll be fine as long as we stick to the plan and are careful.”
After several silent moments, Caleb finished eating his food and said, “I need to go see someone real quick Alice.  I’ll be right back.”
“Okay,” she replied, “I’ll see you in a little bit.”
Caleb stood up from the table and walked out into the hallway, shutting the door carefully behind him.  He made his way down the hallway, toward a room near the far side of the building, away from the central command room.  Slowly he approached the half open door and knocked softly.  “Hey, do you have a minute?” he asked, peering into the room.
Patrick turned from the window he was looking out of and recognized that it was Caleb.  “Sure,” he said, “What’s up?”
Caleb gently pushed the door open and walked over to where Patrick was sitting.  Patrick stood up and motioned toward the table in the center of the room.  Caleb pulled out one of the chairs and sat down, as Patrick did the same.  “I have a favor to ask you,” Caleb said once both of them were seated.
Patrick looked at Caleb curiously.  They hadn’t had a lot of opportunities to talk.  They knew enough about each other to have a mutual respect, but didn’t have a personal relationship.  He found it interesting that Caleb would come to him instead of Alice or Aaron.  “Of course.  What is it?” he asked.
Caleb slowly pulled the folded note he had written to Alice from his lab coat pocket and set it on the table.  “I know the risk I’ll be taking tomorrow.  There’s a good chance that if I make it back inside Sector 27, I won’t make it back out,” he said, as he looked seriously into Patrick’s eyes.
Patrick nodded his head in agreement and let Caleb continue.
“I wrote this for Alice … in case I don’t make it back.”  Caleb’s tone became more somber as he spoke.  “Patrick, I would give this to Aaron, but he doesn’t know about the plan for me to try to get back into Sector 27 yet either.  You’ve been doing this for a while now, and you’re very good at whatever it is you do.  Do you think you could get this to Alice if something were to happen to me tomorrow?”
Patrick looked down at the table momentarily, understanding the frame of mind Caleb must be in.  He looked back up and nodded slowly, “Yes, Caleb, it would be my pleasure to do that for you.  I’ll hold on to this for you, and you just make sure that I don’t have to give it to Alice, alright?”
Caleb smiled halfheartedly and said, “Thanks, Patrick.  I’ll try my best.”
Caleb stood up from the table and began to head toward the door.  “Hey, Caleb wait,” Patrick said from behind him.  “I just wanted to let you know that I’m proud of you.  You could have stayed out here and lived your life away from the enemy as long as you wanted to, but you really care about what’s right.  You’re being very brave and unselfish in trying to help the people left inside the Sectors.”
Caleb was surprised to hear Patrick say this to him.  “That means a lot coming from you Patrick.  Thank you,” he said as he stepped through the doorway.  He turned back toward Patrick and said, “I’ll see you tomorrow morning.  We’ve got a big day ahead of us.”
Patrick nodded in agreement and said, “That we do.  Get a good night’s sleep.”
Caleb closed the door and headed back down the hallway toward his room, mentally preparing for the task ahead of him.
4.7 (Confrontation) 
Caleb slowly opened his eyes and allowed them to focus.  He was laying inside a damp concrete cell.  The first thing he noticed was the sharp pain radiating from the back of his head. He took his hand and gently touched the area where the pressure was coming from.  A flash of pain was sent through his body and he quickly took his hand off of the wound.  From his position on the cold concrete floor he could see the ceiling high above him.  The room was small, only about ten feet by ten feet.  High up on the wall across from the large metal door was a barred window letting in rays of sunlight.  
Caleb stood up and staggered over toward the window, crashing into the wall, then using it to keep himself propped upward.  He felt very weak, tired, and hungry.  How long had he been out of it?  Where was he now?  The last vivid memory he had was that of prying open the fence to slip underneath it before everything went black.  There were bits and pieces coming back to him.  He remembered Guardians talking inside a Humvee.  Then he remembered waking up at one point in the back of a large truck with several other people from inside the grids.  But after that, everything was just darkness.  
Caleb remained seated against the wall until the sun had begun to set, leaving the room cool and dark.  Beyond the metal door across from him he heard the shuffling of feet, then a loud metallic grinding sound.  A small beam of light flittered into the room from an opening in the door. “Here, Caleb.  Drink up, I don’t have a lot of time,” a voice spoke sympathetically from the other side. 
Caleb slowly picked himself up and used the wall of the cell as a guide to get across the room to the door.  Once he arrived, he sat down with his back against the cold metal surface and a small water bottle was slipped through the opening into the room.  Caleb quickly picked it up and started taking huge gulps of water to the point of nearly choking with each one.  “Who are you?” he asked, “Where am I?” 
“Who I am is not important,” the voice answered, “But where you are is.” 
Caleb sat quietly against the door breathing heavily, trying to catch his breath from the taxing effort it had taken him to get across the room and drink from the water bottle. 
“You’ve been moved to the Reassignment Sector.  One of the Guardian’s caught you trying to sneak out of Sector 27 through the loose part of the fence.  It’s been repaired now.” 
Caleb felt defeated.  Where would the people escape now?  Was all of this for nothing?  He wondered what Patrick and the other members of the resistance group were going to think when they found out that he had failed them.  Was freeing people from that Sector impossible now?  Was it all his fault? 
“Caleb?” the voice broke in again. 
Caleb remained silent, crushed under the feeling of failure. 
“Caleb, are you still with me?” the voice continued. 
“Yes, I’m still here,” Caleb finally answered, “What’s going to happen to me?” 
“It all depends, I suppose,” the voice said. 
“Depends on what?” Caleb asked. 
“Well … it depends on how helpful you are,” the voice replied, now beginning to sound more menacing than friendly. 
“Who are you?” Caleb asked again. 
There was no answer to the question.  “Caleb, I need you to move away from the door to the center of the room please,” the man said with a polite yet stern tone. 
Caleb slowly got to his feet, wobbling, and moved to the center of the room where he sat down in the small space of light that was being filtered in through the window.  He heard a loud metallic clanking, then creaking as the door gradually swung open.  Caleb put one of his hands up to shield the bright light from his eyes that was shining in from the area beyond the door.  An older looking man entered the room.  Caleb’s eyes began to adjust to the brightness.  He could see the man standing before him now, about Caleb’s height, with long gray hair.  He wore a beige coat lined with elaborately designed patterns of gold and silver. “I’ve come down here just to see you, Caleb,” he said, “This doesn’t happen often, you should feel proud of that.” 
Caleb watched as the man paced back and forth in front of him.  “Who are you?” Caleb asked again. 
The man bent down in front of Caleb, only inches away from his face.  Caleb could see a pair of Guardians standing in the doorway behind the man.  “My name’s Nolan,” he replied, “I’m here to try to help you, Caleb.  That is, if you will accept it.” 
Caleb remained silent, puzzled by the question.  “What does that mean?” Caleb asked. 
Nolan stood back up on his feet and began to pace again.  “Like I said, I don’t have a lot of time with you Caleb.  They’re going to want answers soon, so how about I ask you the questions from now on, ok?” 
Caleb could detect a slight arrogance in the man’s voice and he turned his head away toward one of the cell walls.  “Now, now Caleb.  I’m giving you the benefit of the doubt that you were tricked into fighting us, and you can be brought back in line again.  Don’t make me wrong, Caleb.” 
Caleb continued to avoid looking at Nolan, staring blankly into the concrete wall to his side.  “Very well.  We can do it the hard way,” Nolan said, as he walked back toward the Guardians. 
Caleb glanced back at Nolan as he walked back over to him with a small silver tray in his hands, followed by a Guardian carrying a heavy wooden chair.  He placed the chair next to Caleb, stood him up and strapped him down in it.  Then the other Guardian wheeled in a small cart which Nolan gently set the tray upon, right beside where Caleb was fastened in place.
On the tray were numerous shiny metal objects, some sharp, some pointed, others large and blunt.  Nolan picked up one of the objects and pricked Caleb’s finger with the sharp end of it.  A small drop of blood appeared on his finger and he said, “Now, Caleb.  For each question you refuse to answer, or I find inadequate, I am going to do much worse with this than I did just now.” 
Caleb felt the subtle throbbing of the wound that Nolan had just created on the tip of his finger.  Thoughts flooded his mind as he tried to come up with a way out of this situation.  “We see everything, Caleb.  There’s no sense in trying to hold back anything from us,” Nolan said proudly.  “Now, why don’t you tell me why you decided to break back into Sector 27.” 
Caleb thought carefully as to how he was going to answer this question.  After a moment he said, “If you know everything, you should already have the answer to that question.” 
Nolan scowled.  He knelt down, grabbed Caleb’s hand, held it up and took the sharp, metallic object to his finger and sliced into it.  Caleb winced with pain as he felt the warm blood dripping down his wrist and arm.  “I can do this as many times as I need to, Caleb.  Unfortunately I can’t say the same for you,” he said with a sick smile.
He lowered Caleb’s hand down.  Caleb could see the small pool of blood forming underneath.  It didn’t matter.  He was determined to withstand the pain and hold on tightly to the thought that the resistance group could still bring the Inner Circle down.  They could still free the people from within the grids, with or without him there to help.  “Let’s try this again,” Nolan said, bringing Caleb back to the reality of what was happening to him.  “What were you doing inside Sector 27?” he asked through gritted teeth.
Caleb remained silent, preparing himself for the inevitable pain to come.  Nolan put the sharp needle-like tool back onto the tray and picked up a blunt metallic object with what looked like some kind of tiny spikes lining its sides.  “Would you care to reconsider?” Nolan asked, turning the object around slowly in his hands as Caleb’s attention was drawn toward it.
Caleb puffed out his chest and clenched his jaw.  Nolan let out a long disappointed sigh before he drove the object into Caleb’s shoulder with great force, sending blood spraying out as he pulled it back toward him.  Then, before Caleb could react, Nolan jabbed the blunt end of the object into his stomach, sucking the breath out of his lungs.  Caleb gasped for air, choking, bleeding, gasping, shaking.  ‘How could someone be this evil?’ he thought.  Again, another blow to the body, this time it hit him in the ribs, leaving him coughing and gasping for air, hunched over within the heavy wooden chair.  He clenched his fists and pulled his arms away from the leather straps as hard as he could in an attempt to free them, but to no avail.
“You see, Caleb?” Nolan said as he began to walk slowly around Caleb, whose body was quivering, “There’s no sense in fighting us.  We control everything.  We are the gods of this world now.  You can’t beat us.”
Caleb sat crumpled in the chair, his chest heaving rapidly in and out, still trying to suck in as much oxygen as he could.  Through the pain he responded, “You are no god.”  Gasping for air, he continued, “You are nothing but an evil, twisted man.  I promise you, when your day of reckoning comes, it will be much worse than what you are doing to me now.”
Another forceful blow struck Caleb’s side, into the ribs that were already throbbing with pain.  Caleb tried to hunch further in the chair, bringing his chest close to his knees, breathing heavily, coughing.  
“Enough!” Nolan shouted angrily.  He dropped a bottle of water on the floor beside Caleb and said, “I suggest you drink this.  We’ll try again later.  I suggest you use this time to reconsider how you are going to conduct yourself next time.”  
Caleb watched as Nolan turned and walked out of the cell.  One of the Guardians came in and untied Caleb from the chair, leaving him to collapse onto the floor.  He dragged the chair back outside of the cell, then Caleb heard the heavy grinding sound of the large metal door being shut behind him.  Silence.  Caleb tried to sit up, but couldn’t.  He reached for the bottle of water that Nolan had dropped and opened it.  He lifted his head enough so he could drink, breathing heavily in between sips.  This is only temporary, it will pass, this is only temporary, it will pass, he repeated to himself over and over before finally passing out on the cold, damp, and lonely concrete floor.
4.8 (Confrontation)
The small, barred window in Caleb’s cell began to fill the room with light again.  Caleb could no longer tell how long he had been in this place.  Nolan’s beatings and tortures seemed to be getting less severe.  Either that or he had just built up a tolerance to them.  He had lost count of the number of times he had seen that awful tray of tools.  Each one offering a different kind of sensation that eventually all rolled up into one great big blur of pain.  Caleb’s body had been disfigured, contorted, bruised and bloodied, but through it all he had held his tongue, and kept information about the resistance group a certainty that only he knew.  No matter what Nolan did to him, he would never open up that part of his mind.  He sat motionless in the center of the cell as the warm sunlight washed over his body, renewing him for the day.  His eyes were closed and he had a contented smile on his face.  He was peaceful.  When the beatings had first begun, he had come to grips with the idea that this would be the last room he would ever see.  He wondered if this was the type of place his father had been in.  Since being locked up in the cell, he thought a lot about his father, more so than anything else.  He wondered if his father would have been proud of what he had done with his time outside of the grid.  It was, after all, his father’s sacrifice that enabled Caleb to break free from that place.
Suddenly, from behind him, came the familiar sound of the heavy metal door unlocking and opening.  Caleb remained facing the window, fully aware of what was happening behind him, but not yet willing to accept it.  He expected to hear Nolan’s voice soon, the voice of his pain and suffering.  But instead he heard a different voice, a Guardian harshly said, “Get up, come with me.”
Caleb slowly turned around toward the door.  He saw the cell door wide open leading out into the brightly lit hallway.  The Guardian stood motionless with his rifle gripped tightly in his hand, staring directly at Caleb from the doorway.  Caleb slowly stood to his feet and painfully limped to the door.  The Guardian stepped outside and motioned for him to follow.  Once outside the cell, he stood in a long narrow hallway that looked to be running endlessly in either direction.  The Guardian gave him a gentle nudge forward with the muzzle of his rifle, urging him to walk that way.  Caleb wondered if maybe this Guardian felt some empathy for what he had endured during his time here.  There were no rough shoves or words hurled at him.  Just quiet, and an occasional gentle nudge on his back if he stood in one place for too long catching his breath.  
It took quite a while for Caleb to make it to the end of the hallway, but when he did he found himself in a large room with benches lining the walls and large glass windows on the front side, letting a plentiful amount of sunlight fill the room.  The Guardian silently sat Caleb down on one of the benches and said, “Wait here.”
Caleb weakly asked, “Where’s Nolan?” not expecting to get an answer in return.
Caleb was surprised to see the Guardian stop, turn toward him and say, “Gone.”
Caleb smiled.  He had done it.  He had withstood the onslaught that Nolan had intended to break him.  Nothing else mattered now, he had succeeded in his goal that he set for himself since he had arrived and started taking the beatings.  Caleb sat staring out into the sky through the large glass windows on the other side of the room.  “Caleb, this way,” a voice said from the left of where he sat.  
Caleb turned and saw a man wearing a white lab coat.  He was holding open a pair of silver doors leading into another brightly lit hallway.  Caleb stood up and walked over to the man standing by the door.  He hadn’t noticed until now that this room had been filled with dozens of other people who all watched him with wide eyes as he slowly crossed in front of them to the silver doors.  He was led down another, much shorter hallway and into a room with a chair in the middle and some IV bags hanging from above.  “Sit here,” the voice said in a commanding yet polite tone.
Caleb obeyed.  He felt a sharp prick as a needle entered his arm and was hooked up to the bags of liquid hanging overhead.  “What’s that?” he asked, staring up at the hovering fluid-filled bags.
“Remain still,” the man responded and went about what he was doing before.
A warmth flowed across Caleb’s mind and body.  The pain he had been feeling for what seemed like forever began to fade.  His thoughts began to drift off into the distance, leaving him lightheaded and dizzy.  After a while, he was led back down the hallway into the main room where a large group of other people were lined up at the doorway leading outside.  
As the group made their way down the winding street, Caleb almost seemed to slip in and out of consciousness while still being able to move.  He would remember seeing a building a good distance away, then all of the sudden passing by it without any recollection of approaching it.  Eventually the group came to a large brick building with two massive cylindrical towers coming from the middle.  They were urged forward by a pair or Guardians, following along behind them with their guns pointed at the group.  Caleb could feel the euphoria slowly fading from his body.  His mind was clearing and some of the pain began to make its way back into his muscles and joints.  The group turned a corner, where Caleb could make out large letters written on the wall in black paint, “INCINERATOR” with an arrow pointing in the direction they were headed.  He closed his eyes and took in a deep breath as the group was loaded into a large circular room with a metallic grate on the floor beneath them.  Caleb could feel heat building up below him, and it started to hurt the soles of his feet.  He reached into his lab coat pocket, hoping to find the object that brought him happy memories.  Tracing the golden cross necklace with his thumb and forefinger, he closed his eyes and pictured it wrapped around Alice’s neck.  A dull roar began to bellow underneath where he stood.  Caleb kept his eyes closed and pictured his father standing before him with a proud smile on his face and his hands held out to receive him.  “Well done, Caleb,” he imagined him to say as the air below him grew warmer.  “Well done.”
4.9 (Confrontation)
Weeks had gone by since Alice had last seen Caleb or Patrick.  She travelled through the forest with a small group of people from the resistance camp.  They were headed to Sector 27.  Patrick had gotten word back to them that some of the people were slowly beginning to come out from under the effects of the drugs.  The people were being told not to act any differently, to remain patient and silent until the resistance group could arrive.  Alice wanted to be there to see the people freed, to see Caleb.  When the group finally neared the tree line across the field neighboring Sector 27, the sun had just come up over the mountaintops behind them, illuminating the rows of grey plaster buildings within the grid.  Through the field, the group saw a man dressed as a Guardian running quickly toward them.  Some of the people in the group raised their guns at the man, preparing to fire if needed.  The Guardian put both of his hands into the air as he continued to make his way toward them.
“Everyone stand down!” Alex exclaimed through a loud whisper, “He’s one of us, lower your weapons!”
Rifles pointed back down to the ground and the Guardian entered the tree line near where the group was hidden.  “Wait here, I’ll be right back,” Alex said as he hurried toward the spot where the man had entered the forest.  
Alice could see Alex and the man dressed like a Guardian talk briefly and then separate again, Alex back to the resistance group, and the Guardian back toward Sector 27.  “Alright everyone, here’s the plan, listen up,” Alex said excitedly.
Alice focused her attention intently on what he had to say.  “They’ve got people ready to be moved out.  It’s not a work day, so the people are staying in their living quarters.  Some of our men inside are going to gather as many people as they can and get them through the main gates.  They’re only going to be using this side here,” he said, pointing toward the guard post stationed along the fence leading toward the forest where they waited.  “They’re going to clear the area and get the people out to the forest as fast as they can.”
“What do you mean, ‘clear the area’”? Alice asked.
“They’re going to have to take out some of the Guardians who are stationed there,” Alex replied.  “Now, all we have to do is receive the people as they make their way out.  They’ve already been instructed to run into the field here and then into the forest.”
Alice watched the guard post intently.  She saw a small group of Guardians rush into the guard post, followed by a series of flashes.  A few of them came running back out and into the Sector.  Shortly after, they came back with dozens of people trailing behind them, all dressed in clothing similar to what Caleb had worn.  She saw one of the Guardians quickly say something and motioned them into the field.  The group of people bolted into the tall grass of the field, making their way toward the forest.  “Ok, guys, here they come.  Let’s go!” Alex said, rushing off into the field to meet them.  
He guided the people into the tree line to meet up with the rest of the resistance group.  Some of the people were crying, some laughing, some in a state of shock, not knowing if this was really happening or not.  Alice kept her eyes on the guard post, waiting for Caleb to appear.  After a while there were no more people coming out from within the Sector.  “This is everyone for now,” Alex said.  “Time to head back to base.”
“Wait, Alex … what about Caleb?” Alice asked nervously.
Alex walked over to Alice and put his hand on her shoulder.  “I’m sorry, Alice, he’s not with the group.  Our men headed back inside.  This is everyone for now.”
Alex led the group back into the forest.  They had been walking for several miles before stepping out into a large clearing on the hillside.  The sun was shining brightly above, the wind blew gently through the grass and trees, and over Alice’s skin.  Off in the distance something caught her attention.  Tears began to well up in her eyes as she wondered where Caleb was.  Was he alright?  Was he still inside of Sector 27, or was he taken to those awful incinerators?  Directly in front of her, between the hilltops, was a thick black plume of smoke rising high into the air.  Despite the several dozen people standing behind her that had been set free from Sector 27, the only thing she could focus on was the towering pillar of smoke in the distance ahead of her.  She fell to her knees and began to sob.  She felt a hand gently rest on her shoulder, comforting her.  She turned her head to see a young man, one of the ones who had just escaped Sector 27.  He had scruffy hair and wore a white lab coat.  Alice was reminded a bit of Caleb when she saw him.  He knelt down beside her and asked, “Are you alright?”
Alice sniffled and wiped the tears from her eyes.  She nodded and said, “I’m okay.  I ... was just thinking about someone who didn’t make it out of the Sector today.”
“Oh,” the young man said, “I’m sorry to hear that.  I’m sure everything is going to be okay.  “Here,” he continued, standing to his feet, reaching for her hand, “Let me help you up.”
Alice grabbed his hand and stood up.  “Thanks,” she said, wiping her eyes with her sleeve.  “My name’s Alice.  What’s yours?”
The young man smiled.  “It’s nice to meet you Alice,” he said as he looked up into the sky, taking in the sunlight and drawing in a deep breath of fresh air.  “My name’s Andrew.”
From the next Installment:
Sector 27: Origins
1.1 (Reunion)
Three men moved rapidly through the woods just outside the Resistance camp.  Their feet sloshing through the muddied ground, clothing drenched from being outside in the rain.  In the distance, a roll of thunder sounded behind them.  “How are you doing guys?  Either of you need a break?” one of the men asked.
“I’m fine, Brian,” one of them replied.
“Me too,” said the other, grunting, “Patrick and I can make it the rest of the way.  Can you go ahead and let them know we’re coming in, to be ready for us?”
“Yeah, Alex, you got it,” Brian replied as he started to run past them.
“Oh, hey, Brian!” Alex shouted as he went out in front of him, “Tell them to have a medical bed and room set up for us.”
“Ok, I’ll let them know,” he said as he took off toward the Resistance camp not far from where they were, gradually disappearing from sight behind the haze of fog.
Patrick and Alex continued moving at as fast a pace as they could handle.  It seemed like it was taking forever, but they finally approached the outside of the brick building and had a pair of glass doors opened for them as soon as they arrived.  They quickly moved through the doors and down the dark hallway toward the stairs.  Another set of doors were opened, then the stairs, then one last set of doors.  The pair carefully made their way into the room and laid a limply hanging body they had been carrying onto the bed that was waiting for them there.  As soon as the body was in the bed the medical team hurried down the path left in the middle of the room, and into the hallway.
****
Alice sat staring blankly at the center of the table positioned in the corner of the room inside the Resistance camp.  She glanced up briefly toward the windows a few yards ahead of her as a subtle rumble of thunder echoed off in the distance.  The room was gloomy, it had been storming on and off for the past several days, all of which had been a blur to her.  About one week had passed since she had arrived back from Sector 27 with the group of people who were rescued from inside.  One week since she had last seen Alex and Brian, who had gone back out to gather more people who would be freed from the Sector, but it seemed to be taking them longer than expected to return.
As she sat alone, silently in the center of the room, she traced the edges of a folded piece of paper with her fingertips.  The way the paper was folded she could make out the line, “Alice if you’re reading this…” written across the top portion of the crease directly facing her.  She continued to stare at this line, still hesitant to open and read what was contained within.  It was still difficult for her to come to grips with the fact that Caleb hadn’t been able to make it out of Sector 27, and worse than that, she didn’t know if he was safe or not.  The last image that kept flashing back through her mind was the dark pillar of smoke that was slowly creeping its way into the sky over the mountains the day they had rescued the people from Sector 27.  It was difficult for her to shake the thought that maybe Caleb was somewhere at the bottom of that pillar.  
Down the hallway she could hear children laughing and playing.  Footsteps would rush by back and forth, toward and away from the central command station.  She looked across the room toward Caleb’s tattered gray sleeping bag that she had left rolled up in the corner right next to hers.  Then, suddenly, there came a rapid knocking on the door behind her.  Startled, she shot up from the chair and wiped the tears from her eyes as she hurried to open the door.  “Hey, come on there’s something …” the voice started.  It was Andrew.
“Whoa, are you alright?” he asked, realizing that Alice was clearly upset.
“I’m fine,” she replied, sniffling, “I was just thinking.”
Andrew gently rested his hand on her shoulder as he said, “Is there anything I can do for you?”
Alice shook her head, “No … that’s ok.  Thank you though, Andrew, I appreciate the offer.”
“Ok,” he replied, taking his hand away from her, “There’s something going on in the central command room.  I was just coming to let you know … but if you’re not up to going don’t worry about it.”
“Do you know what it is?” she asked, examining Andrew’s white lab coat, reminding her of Caleb.
“Not entirely.  I heard that there were a few people being brought back in.  I think they said Patrick, Alex and Brian, but I could be wrong.”
Alice’s eyes widened, “They’re finally back?!” she exclaimed.
“I guess so … who’s Patrick though?” Andrew asked.
“Come on, let’s go!” she yelled, pushing by him, not answering his question.
The two ran down the hallway passing empty rooms as they went.  Up ahead of them at the end of the hallway they could see a crowd of people gathered inside.  Alice rushed to the open doorway and stuck her head inside, looking from the left to the right side, pushing her way through the crowd that blocked the doorway.  “Hey, watch it!” one person shouted as Alice forced her way through.
“Sorry,” she said, as she continued to weave her way through to the middle of the room.
Soon after, the crowd was parted and a long bed was wheeled past her and placed right in front of the locked double doors.  One of the men pushing the bed turned toward the crowd and said, “Everyone listen!  You need to keep this path clear!  We will be heading back down the hallway as soon as they get here, there’s someone who needs medical attention.”
Alice stood on the inside of the crowd closest to the clearing that was left after the medical team came through.  She looked back behind her for Andrew, but couldn’t see him anywhere.  Then she turned her attention back to the tops of the closed double doors since that was all she was able to make out from where she was standing.  Finally she saw the doors swing open as a universal gasp, followed by murmuring, lifted from the crowd of people closest to them.  From where she stood she could only hear some clinking sounds and shuffling of feet.  The sound grew louder.  She poked her head out into the clearing that was left in the crowd.  Coming toward her, she could see a man pulling a narrow bed in her direction, heading for the hallway.  As he neared her, she caught a glimpse of someone laying in the bed.  She couldn’t tell from where she stood, but it looked like a pair of feet.  They looked blackened and cut.  Then she could see soot covered shins with pant legs that appeared to have been burned up to just below the knee.
The medical team was approaching rapidly, people gasped and stared at the body that was laying on the bed as it sped by.  Alice kept her gaze focused on the feet and legs she could see coming toward her.  They were only a short distance away, now passing directly in front of her.  She looked at the feet, the shins, the burnt pant legs, the soot covered hands, arms, shirt, lab coat, neck, face, hair.  Alice gasped.  Choking back tears, she screamed, “Caleb!”

###
###
I wanted to take this opportunity to thank you, the reader, for buying and navigating my book.  I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I did conjuring up and writing out the story.  This being my first stab at writing a fictional story, I am unsure as to how effective I was in creating sufficient imagery, character development, and an intriguing and engaging story line.  For anyone who is interested, I plan on making this particular story into a three part series, the second of which is currently a work in progress.  I would also love to hear feedback, positive or negative, or anything that anybody would like to tell me about.  You can do this by sending me a message at: bookjjpasinella@gmail.com.  I intend to be active regularly on this email and will respond to any messages I get as quickly as possible.
I would like to give a special thanks to my cousin Lauren, who painted the image on my cover; and my cousin Ashley, who created the cover image.  You both did an absolutely amazing job, I couldn’t have asked for better! Thank you, thank you!
One last thank you to my mom, who gave me ideas and suggestions as I wrote the story.  And both of my parents for supporting me and encouraging me to continue on with my writing.  Thank you both!
