 
 
 
 
Blood Memory
Season One: Episode One
by Perrin Briar
Copyright 2014 by Perrin Briar
Smashwords Edition

Contents Page

Story
Want To Know What Happens Next? 
Was It Good For You? 
Show Me What You Got
Be Kind, Review
About The Author
Copyright Page

1.

Anne recognized the sound. She’d heard it dozens of times over the past week. She peered over the boat’s edge. The fog was so thick she couldn’t see more than a few feet beyond the prow.
At thirty-two, with a thin wiry body and dirty blonde hair that barely reached the nape of her neck, climbing over the thirty-eight foot Viking yacht was easy for Anne, though her legs and arms still bore the scratches and bruises from the first few turbulent days on board. She held onto the railing that wrapped around the cabin’s roof and edged along the narrow rim to the stern.
A body floated in the water. Only the torso was visible, the legs lost to the fog. The man’s head patted the boat with a hollow thud, the cause of the sound she’d heard. The man would have been handsome if it wasn’t for the puckered purple cut across his left cheek, his pallid skin, and nose bent at a broken angle.
“Joel?” Anne’s words were muffled by the fog. “Come up here!”
She listened but there was no reply. She stomped her foot on the deck like a buck calling a female.
“What?” a voice called out.
“Come up here a minute.”
Joel grumbled as he ascended the stairs. He was a thirty-year-old walnut-haired broad-chested Australian more accustomed to the Outback than the ocean. Upon seeing the body he said, “Bloody hell, not another floater. Can’t we just toss it back?”
“You know we can’t.”
Joel cupped his hands around his mouth and called down the stairs. “Yo! Stan! Come up here!”
Pigeon-chested Stan McIntyre was two inches shy of Joel’s six feet two, but he had a bearing his past life as a school teacher had imbued him with that made him seem taller.
“Where are the girls?” Anne asked.
“Inside with Mary,” Stan said.
“Do we have to do this one?” Joel whined. “Can’t we just let him be? Respect the dead, and all that.”
“Not when he might have something in his pocket that could aid us,” Stan said.
Joel blew out an exasperated puff of air. “All right then. Let’s get this over with.”
Joel and Stan took an arm each and pulled the body on board. Water splashed and pooled over the deck.
“Whose turn is it to turn out pockets?” Stan asked.
“I did it last night,” Joel said.
“And I did it this morning.”
“Me too,” Anne said.
Joel rolled his eyes. “Great.” He rooted through the man’s pockets. He screwed up his face. “Nothing. I knew there wouldn’t be. Let’s toss him back.” Joel hooked his hands into the crook of the body’s arms and lifted him up until he was almost standing. He was about to push it over the side when the body wheezed a gasping breath. Joel’s eyes went wide and he dropped the body.
“Jesus Christ! The bugger’s still alive!”
“Is he one of them, do you reckon?” Stan said, picking up a length of iron kept for such occasions.
Anne reached over slowly, keeping a close eye on the man, and put her fingers to his wrist. “He has a pulse. It’s faint, but it’s there.”
“He can’t be alive, can he?” Joel said, hand on his chest like he was going to suffer a heart attack. “He must be one of them. None of the others were alive.”
“That doesn’t mean this one can’t be.”
“He can’t be alive. He’s been floating around for a week.”
“We don’t know that. He might have only fallen in a few hours ago.”
“His beard,” Stan said, gesturing to the man’s five o’clock shadow. “If he’d been at sea a long time it’d be longer than it is now.”
“There’s only one way of knowing for sure,” Anne said. “We have to check him for bite marks.”
Joel shook his head. “No. No way I’m going near him. You know how fast those things can move.”
Anne reached into her pocket, extricating a switchblade. “I’ll do it.” She kneeled down at the foot of the body and began cutting off a saturated sock.
“Fine,” Joel said, getting down on his knees and cutting at the other sock with his own knife. “But if anything happens I blame you. Stan, you stand over him with your pole ready. I swear, if his eyelids so much as flutter, give it to him.”
Stan took position over the body, pole poised.
Joel shook his head. “I can’t believe I’m doing this.”
They cut away the man’s pants. His dark wire-like hair lay plastered to his pale legs. They cut away the man’s light blue shirt with fancy cufflinks.
The man mumbled under his breath.
Everyone froze. Stan tensed, pole held over his shoulder like a batter stepping up to the plate. The man quietened down and they continued. They pulled off the man’s shirt, exposing his arms. They were not large and muscular, but toned and hard. They tore through the man’s undershirt. Anne gasped. Crisscrossing his body were a series of pale white scars and strange flower-like burns, long-since healed. One nipple had been shorn off entirely. Around the remaining nipple were a series of small circles Anne suspected were cigarette burns.
“Jesus,” Joel said.
They rolled the man over. His back sported long diagonal slash marks that crisscrossed his spine.
“No bite marks at least,” Stan said, lowering the iron rod.
Anne fingered the scars. “By the look of it, some other monster must have gotten to him.”
The man’s bloodshot eyes flickered open. He grabbed Anne by the arm in a vice-like grip.
“Rachel!” he shouted in her face. “Rachel! No! Rachel!”
Stan moved to swing.
“No! Don’t!” shouted Anne, holding up her free arm to stop the blow.
The man’s grip weakened slightly. His hazel eyes looked deep into Anne’s chestnut brown. He reached towards Anne’s face with his fingertips. Joel and Stan took a protective step forward. The man gently stroked Anne’s face, following the smooth contours of her nose and chin. His hand let go of hers, his eyes rolled back into his head, he fell back, shivering.
Stan put a hand to the man’s forehead. “He’s burning up.”
Joel removed his own pants and covered the man up. “We’d best get him inside.”
Anne spotted something that glittered in the man’s manubrium – the gap where the collarbones met. He wore a ball chain necklace with two metal circles attached.
“Dog tags,” Stan said. “What do they say?”
Anne rubbed her finger over the embossed engravings. “Jordan Grant,” she read. “Service number 293097.” She looked at the unconscious figure. “Hello Jordan Grant. Welcome to Haven, the safest place on Earth.”
A stiff breeze blew a gap in the thick fog revealing a harbor city. Broken hulls and overturned yachts lay scattered in the dock. Dirty smoke rose from a dozen places, licking the sky. A sign proudly boasting beach accolades lay half-buried in the sand. Hundreds of human figures jostled for position at the water’s edge, watching the floating meal with hungry eyes. Their cacophonous low groans a single wail of death.

2.

Mary poured the soup into a chipped ceramic bowl. Though they usually ate out of empty tin cans, Mary, incapable of letting go of the Old World entirely, insisted the guest use the fine china. She placed it on the tray beside a cracked glass of water and a heel of hard bread.
“When do you suppose he’ll wake up?” Mary asked. She had a full head of black hair and jingling jewelry. Her eyes were emerald green with flecks of gold that seemed to catch every nuance of movement. She was short – the only member of the crew who could look Anne in the eye.
“I don’t know,” Anne said. “He’s been through a lot. All we can do now is take care of him and hope for the best.”
“I saw his fortune,” Mary said.
Anne glanced at the battered pack of Tarot cards that lay on the table. “What did you see?”
“Death. But not his. He is a man surrounded by it, I fear. Be careful.”
“Speaking of being careful, how are we doing for food?”
Mary gave her a look that said, “Don’t ask.”
“How long do you think we can last?”
“I’ve already used the cabbage three times to make soup. We’ll soon be better off drinking water – which is another problem we have. It hasn’t rained in weeks. Our supplies are running low.”
“We could boil our socks.”
Mary screwed up her face. “If we do, you can have Stan’s. I swear sometimes he keeps a hidden stash of cheese in there.”
Anne picked up the tray and crossed the small living area. She almost dropped it as Stacey flew past, chasing Jessie. “Careful!” Anne said, but they were too busy playing to listen.
They had come across the pair hanging on for dear life to a buoy. Despite their different appearances – Stacey had red auburn hair with dark eyes, Jessie had blonde with light eyes – they had taken them for sisters. Jessie was thirteen going on fifty, a mother figure to five-year-old Stacey. They never talked about where they came from, which led them to suppose it couldn’t have been anywhere good.
Anne came to a short corridor that split into four rooms, three cabins and an engine bay. On rainy days she leaked, and the slightest breeze could make her list like she was a fairground ride. Rust scaled the walls, creating large patches of brown flakes that Stacey used to draw pictures in with her finger. In many places the wall panels were held in place by a single rivet. She was falling to pieces, but she was their home.
Perched on a stool in the corridor, Joel read a water damaged copy of Harry Potter. It looked like a children’s flip book in his massive hands. “Feeding time again?” he said, not looking up.
“The body needs to eat if it’s going to heal.”
“Do you want me to come in with you today? He might like to see a fresh face.”
“He hasn’t even seen mine yet. Besides, it’s better if he sees one face when he wakes up.”
“All right. Let me know if you need any help.”
“I will. Enjoy the book. By the way, Professor Quirrel’s the bad guy.”
Joel’s eyes and mouth made wide disbelieving circles as Anne pushed the door open with her backside and stepped into the tiny room.
A single bed took up half the space, where Jordan lay asleep. Anne and Mary had cleaned him and taken care of his wounds, stitching closed his cuts, cracking his broken nose back into place, and applying the meager medicines and salves they had found on board. His fever was gone and his heart beat stronger, but he hadn’t woken up yet. Beside the bed sat a rickety old chair on which Anne had placed clean folded clothes. The T-shirt lay half hanging off the pile as if it had been knocked off in haste. She eyed it with curiosity, and then turned to Jordan.
“You can quit the act,” Anne said. “I know you’re awake.”
The man didn’t move.
“How long have you been conscious?”
He still didn’t answer.
“I suppose you don’t want this soup and bread then? I’ll come back later when you’re ready to talk.” She turned to the door.
“Wait.”
Jordan’s head sat up at a sharp angle, his bloodshot eyes half-open under heavy lids. “What gave me away?”
“Your clothes are messed up. I folded them for you and no one else comes into the room. It doesn’t take Sherlock Holmes.”
He smiled. It crinkled the corner of his eyes and mouth. “Rookie mistake. I woke up and tried to get dressed when I heard voices outside the door.”
She put the folded clothing on the side table and sat on the chair with the tray on her knees. “Are you hungry? I brought some soup.”
“Starving.” He levered himself up into a sitting position on shaky arms. “How long have I been here?”
“Three days.”
“You’ve been taking care of me?”
“It’s no trouble.”
“Thank you.” He looked around the room. “Is it just me or is the room swaying?”
“You’re on a boat called Haven. We’ve been at sea now for twelve days. We found you floating at sea.”
“Floating around? I never was much of a swimmer.”
“Here,” Anne said, filling a spoon with soup and raising it to his mouth.
“That’s okay. I can do it.”
“Are you sure?”
“I think so.”
She sat the tray on his lap. He picked up the spoon. It shook in his fingers with the effort, and dropped, clattering on the tray, scattering soup droplets over the bedspread.
“Sorry,” he said. “I’ll clean it up.”
“The same way you fed yourself?” Anne said with a smile. “No thanks.”
“I must be weaker than I thought.”
Anne picked up the spoon, dipped it into the bowl, brushed it against the lip so it wouldn’t drip, and brought it to his mouth.
“You’ve had a lot of practice at this,” he said, swallowing it with visible effort.
“Three days’ worth.”
“How far are we from port?”
“Not far. Why?”
“I need to get back to my barracks.”
“Barracks? You were in the army? Stan will be happy.”
“Who’s Stan?”
“One of the guys who lives on the boat. We’ve had a pool going, about which armed services you came from, navy, army or air. Stan gets an extra helping of soup tonight.”
“At least someone has benefitted from me being here.” He saw something on Anne’s wrist. “What’s that?”
“It’s nothing,” Anne said, hastily pulling her sleeve down.
“Let me see.”
Anne looked away.
“Please.”
After a pause she pulled up her sleeve revealing purple and yellow discolorations. Jordan laid his hand gently on her forearm, his fingers lining up with the bruises.
“I did this?” He sounded horrified.
“By accident.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have got so close.” She refilled the spoon and raised it to his lips, but he turned away from her hand. “You need to eat.”
“I’m not hungry.”
“You said you were starving.”
He still wouldn’t look at her.
“You don’t have to eat if you don’t want to. And don’t worry about the bruises. Haven gives me plenty.”
He smiled weakly.
“Can I ask, do you remember how you ended up in the sea?”
He thought for a moment then shook his head. “No.”
“What’s the last thing you remember?”
He frowned. “I remember walking into my barracks’ canteen. Someone waved me over to their table and… that’s about it. But up to then I remember everything. My dad was in the army, and was stationed all over the world.”
“Where is your barracks?”
“I was being trained at Sandhurst. Actually, I need to get back soon, or at least notify them I’m not dead. Don’t want them thinking I’ve gone AWOL.”
“Are you sure that’s the last thing you remember?” Anne asked. “Being in the canteen?”
“Yes. Why?”
She gauged his expression, considered a moment, and came to a decision. “Because we’re off the Norfolk coast.”
Jordan opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out.
Anne spoke for him. “Sandhurst must be two hundred miles away. How on Earth did you manage to cover that kind of distance without remembering it?”
“I don’t know.”
“It might be possible you suffered some kind of concussion when you fell into the sea, or something. Possibly retrograde amnesia, or with your armed services background some kind of post-traumatic amnesia.”
“Are you a therapist?”
“In my past life.”
Jordan smiled. “At least I’m in the right hands.”
“There’s one more thing. When we found you, you said a name. Rachel. Does it mean anything to you?”
“Rachel?” He shook his head. “I don’t know any Rachel.”
“Maybe I misheard,” Anne said.
Jordan yawned. His eyes looked heavy. “Do you mind if I sleep? I suddenly feel very tired.”
“Not at all. Sleep.” She picked up the tray and headed toward the door. She frowned, something on her mind. At the door she stopped. “Just one last question: what year is it, Jordan?”
“Now?” He smiled. “2008 of course.”

3.

“Well? How is he?” Joel said. “I could hear voices through the door.”
“He’s fine,” Anne said, “but he’s got a lot of healing to do.”
“Is he safe?”
“He used to be in the army, so I guess so.”
“Army? Shit.”
“I know. Stan’ll be laughing.”
Joel studied Anne’s expression. “There’s something else, isn’t there? Something you’re not telling me.”
“It’s… nothing.”
“It’s obviously something. What is it?”
Anne took a deep breath. “The last memory he has is from when he was training in Sandhurst. In 2008.”
Joel blinked. “2008? Are you sure?”
“He seems adamant.”
“But it’s 2014.”
“I know.”
Joel ran a hand through his hair. “So where has he been for the past six years?”
Anne shook her head. “I don’t know. I don’t think he does either.” She frowned. “Do you know what the scariest thing is?”
“I don’t know, do I want to know?”
“I don’t think he knows what’s happened.”
“What do you mean? Didn’t you tell him we found him at sea?”
“Not that. I mean about the Incident. He’s convinced he has to get back to his barracks at Sandhurst.”
Joel let a stream of air out through his teeth. “I was right: I didn’t want to know. How can he not know?”
“He might have suffered a concussion. Or it might be something deeper.”
Joel looked at Anne. “If that’s true somebody’s going to have to tell him.”
A knot formed in Anne’s stomach. “I know.”

4.

“Three weeks ago there were reports of people attacking one another. A lost generation at war with itself. Biting, fighting, aggression. No one took any notice. It was the kind of thing you saw on the news all the time. There were even jokes on entertainment programs about people imitating zombies – a fad that had swept the world at the time. Films, TV shows, art, literature… It had somehow infiltrated every facet of modern life.
“But within days these acts of aggression had spread all over the country. No one went to work. The economy faltered and the problem only got worse. We talk about the Incident as if it was a specific moment, as if we could identify a single event that triggered the proliferation of the virus, but we can’t. There are millions of Incidents – one for each of us – the moment when we saw our first Lurcher and knew life would never be the same again.”
Anne looked at Jordan. He stared at the corner of the room. Stan and Joel stood behind Anne, Mary on the chair beside her.
“It spread faster than anyone expected. People evacuated their homes and drove to Land’s End and the Scottish Highlands, hopped on ferries to Ireland and mainland Europe, but wherever they went the virus followed them. The government were said to be developing a cure, but they were already too late.
“We managed to escape on Haven, to the sea. There were many others, but they’ve all since gone to different places. We thought maybe the virus hadn’t crossed the Channel, so we sailed to the coast of France and discovered more Lurchers there. It has spread – so far as we can tell – to all parts of the world. That’s why we’re at sea, why we’re living on this boat. Nowhere else is safe.”
Anne paused. Jordan hadn’t said a word since she’d begun.
“I know this is difficult to accept,” Anne said, “but we have evidence.” She laid a piece of paper on the bed cover. It was worn and smudged, barely legible save for the headline writ large:
THE END IS NIGH
“This is an article from The Times newspaper, dated March twenty-third 2014. It was the last publication in its two hundred and thirty year history.”
“2014? But it’s 2008.” Jordan met her eyes. “Isn’t it?”
Anne shook her head. “It’s 2014. I don’t know what happened to you – why you lost all those years, but one day I promise we’ll find them.”
Anne shared a look with Joel as Jordan read the article. Stan rested a hand on her shoulder and gave it a light squeeze. 
After reading it, Jordan looked dazed. “But my barracks-”
“It’s gone.”
“My friends and family…”
“They could still be alive,” Anne said, “but you’ll probably never see them again. They’ll be on the run, like us. Looking for somewhere safe.”
Jordan’s eyes swam with tears, not of distress, but anger. “Why are you saying this?”
“It’s the truth,” Mary said.
“I was with my friends in the canteen just a few days ago…”
“That memory happened six years ago,” Anne said.
Jordan shook his head. “No.”
“For some reason you can’t remember the Incident. Maybe your mind is trying to protect you from it, I don’t know.” Anne nodded to the porthole. “Look outside and you will see we’re currently moored off the coast of Felixstowe. You’ll be able to see what I’m telling you is the truth.”
Jordan looked from Anne to Joel to Stan, then Mary, who all sat before him, crowded in the tiny cabin. He searched their faces for some sign of a cruel joke. None of them looked away. He pushed himself up, leaned forward on the bed, and was about to peer out of the porthole when he stopped. He shut his eyes and a cold sweat broke out on his forehead.
Mary stepped forward to help him. Anne held out a hand, stopping her.
Jordan fell back into bed.
Anne turned her head and nodded, the signal for them all to silently filter out. Soon it was just Anne and Jordan in the room.
“You’re welcome to stay with us for as long as you want, Jordan. Or leave. It’s up to you. But there are things on the land. Creatures. People you might recognize but aren’t human anymore. The world has become a more dangerous place than you remember.”
Anne rose and walked to the door.
“Anne,” Jordan said, voice threatening to break any moment. “Thank you.”
Anne closed the door behind herself. After a moment she heard soft crying. 

5.

“Good shot!” Joel said.
“I still missed,” Jessie pouted.
“But you’re getting closer. Try again.”
Jessie raised the rifle up to her cheek and lined up for another shot. She fired. There was the sound of a metallic tink as the bullet hit a tin can bobbing five yards out at sea.
“I did it!” Jessie shouted, fist pumping the air. “I did it! Mary, did you see?”
“Yes baby, I saw,” Mary said, lifting her eyes from her half-knitted woolen hat and smiling. Stacey lay asleep in her lap.
“Stan!” Jessie said. “Did you see me?”
Stan sat crouched, etching a tally mark in the stern with a pocketknife. The tallies stretched from one end of the boat to the other in one continuous unbroken line. “What was that, dear?” he said, not looking up.
Jessie’s shoulders slouched.
“Well done, Jess,” Joel said, “you did a great job. But this time-”
The cabin door creaked open as Jordan made his way up the final few stairs. His face was drawn and pale, a scraggly beard caking his face. He was still very weak and walked with one hand on the wall to brace himself at all times. Anne put the book she was reading down and moved to aid him, but he waved her off.
“I’m all right. Do you mind if I join you?”
“Of course not,” Anne said. “Sit down.”
He sat on the hard plastic bench that ran around the deck. A tarpaulin was stretched above them, acting as shelter from the sun. It ran down at a sharp angle to a series of buckets and containers. Everyone pretended to focus on what they were doing, but Anne sensed they were all conscious of him. Stacey, awake, stared at him openly, but Mary was quick to divert her attention.
“Look down the rifle,” Joel said to Jessie, “down the sight. Try to line it up with the can over there. Good. Now gently pull the trigger.” This time she missed.
“So close! Never mind. Once out of five isn’t so bad.”
Joel picked up a piece of string that was wrapped around one of the cleats and hauled in the attached can. He leaned over the side and reached for it. Water dribbled from a hole near the base. A crude smiley face had been drawn on it with a permanent marker pen.
“We’ll make a Billy the Kid out of you yet,” Joel said, mussing Jessie’s hair. He turned to Jordan. “Would you like to try?”
Anne’s breath caught. She tried to catch Joel’s eye and shake her head to tell him not to make the offer, but he either didn’t notice or didn’t want to.
“I’m fine,” Jordan said.
“Anne said you were at Sandhurst.”
“Only for a few days, so far as I can remember.”
“You don’t want your skills getting rusty, do you?”
“I entered soon after graduating from university. I probably don’t have many skills to get rusty.”
“Come on, it won’t hurt. It’ll be good for Jessie to see a professional. Have a go. It’ll make you feel better.” Joel loaded the gun and held it out to Jordan. “It might even help you to remember something.”
“Joel, don’t,” Anne said. “He’s not up to it.”
“I can try,” Jordan said, rising unsteadily to his feet and stepping forward. There was the sense he might fall over at any moment. Anne held up her hands in preparation to catch him. Jordan took the gun and held it between his fingers like it was an alien object.
Joel tossed a new can out to sea as far as the string would allow, some thirty yards. “Have you shot a gun before?”
“I’m… not sure.”
“Here, hold it close,” Joel instructed, “tight to your shoulder, then-”
He didn’t get any further. Jordan squeezed the trigger. There was a faint ting as the tin can was struck. The can ducked beneath the surface then did a little hop into the air. Jordan shot two more times, each time hitting the can. He lowered the gun and handed it back to Joel.
Jessie stared in awe.
“Looks like you remember something, huh?” Joel said, beaming.
Jordan shook his head. “I don’t remember anything about shooting. Somehow it just feels right.”
Joel slapped him on the back, but it was too strong for Jordan in his current state. He stumbled forward from the blow.
Joel straightened Jordan up. “Oops. Sorry pal. I don’t know my own strength.”
Jordan’s legs shook and he looked even paler than before. “I think the shooting’s taken it out of me. I’m going to head back downstairs. It was nice meeting you all again.”
They all nodded, smiling back at him. Jordan’s eyes swept past Anne’s, and she thought for an instant they’d caught.
“Do you want help down the stairs?” Anne asked.
“I’ll be fine.”
As his footsteps disappeared down the stairs, Anne whirled on Joel. “What did you do that for? You knew he didn’t feel well.”
Joel took hold of the string and started pulling up the can. It had taken on too much water and had sunk. “At least now we know he wasn’t in the catering division in the army.”
“We don’t know that,” Stan said. “I’m sure all divisions have to do some kind of basic training.”
Joel lifted up the can and chuckled to himself. “With all due respect Stan, you’re wrong.”
“And how could you possibly know that?”
“I doubt if basic training could have done this.” He lifted the tin can. Water spilled from three bullet holes, each one having poked perfectly through the eyes and nose dots drawn on the can.
Wide-eyed with amazement, Jessie said, “How do I learn to shoot like that?”
One corner of Joel’s lips curled up. “With one hell of a lot of practice.”

6.

Stan flicked the line above his head, wound it around in a big circle, and then threw it forward with all the skill of an expert angler. The line whirred as it flew away and landed on the sea’s calm surface six meters out. Stan sat the rod in its mount and lounged in a deck chair beside Joel.
Joel lay back with his hands behind his head, feeling the relaxing rock of the sea beneath him and the ruffling of the tarpaulin above. “What I wouldn’t give for an ice-cold beer right now.”
“You and me both,” Stan said, smacking his lips.
They watched the horizon, flat and unchanging in the distance.
“Where do you suppose he’s from?” Joel said.
“Could be from anywhere, I suppose. His accent doesn’t give much away.”
“He’s not Australian, that’s for sure. Or from any of the other colonies. He’s not Scottish, Irish or Welsh. I don’t even think he’s from northern England, but you’ll have a better ear for that than me.”
The flywheel clicked. They paused, watching it. It didn’t move again. They returned to staring out at the ocean.
“Do you think we can trust him?” Joel said.
“No reason not to. He’s a survivor. If we start turning on each other we’ll be no better than the Lurchers. But God knows he couldn’t have picked a worse time to bump into us.” Stan peered over at the empty containers on the deck. “No water, nearly no food.”
“Can’t even catch a lousy fish bigger than a carrot these days.”
Stan smiled. “We’ve got fresh bait now, though.”
Joel rolled his eyes. “Oh, that’ll make all the difference, that will. We’d be better off eating the bait.”
The fishing line clicked again. Their eyes rolled to it. It clicked once more before stopping.
Joel checked over his shoulder and spoke in a low voice. “If something doesn’t change soon we’ll be for it.”
“Something will come up. It always does.”
“One day it won’t.”
The line clicked once more, something on the end tugging gently. Joel leaned forward in his deckchair. The line gave another little pull. The bobber ducked beneath the surface and then popped up again a second later. The fishing rod’s tip dipped down and bounced against its mount. The line unfurled, drawing farther out to sea.
“See?” Stan beamed. “Something always comes up. Must be the new bait.”
Joel picked up the rod and held it steady in his hands. He felt something tug on the other end. He could sense its powerful body through the line, making strong broad movements with its tail. Joel’s mouth salivated at the potential size of it. The rod pulled to one side, so fast Joel was barely able to keep hold. He tightened his grip and cursed himself for daydreaming. Joel pulled the rod back and reeled in the flywheel. The fish darted starboard, almost knocking Joel over the side.
“Easy there, fella,” he said, righting himself, leaning back and reeling in the flywheel.
“What do you reckon it is?” Stan said, dancing around like he had ants in his pants. “Tuna? Mackerel? What I wouldn’t give for a bit of cod.”
The rod bent over at a seemingly impossible angle as the fish fought to escape. The muscles in Joel’s arms tightened hard as stone, veins protruding. “We might have hooked us a whale! Blimey. He’s a tough old brute, I’ll give him that!”
Joel battled the fish for over twenty minutes. It never gave an inch it couldn’t fight him for. The muscles in Joel’s arms burned as he wound in the flywheel, his hair damp with sweat, his arms shaking with the effort.
“Let me take over,” Stan said. “You’re tired.”
Joel felt the weight in his hands and eyed Stan’s weedy frame. “You’re all right.”
“Go on. Let me take over.”
The fish had lost a good deal of its aggression, strafing side to side two meters out. There was the slightest glint of its silver scales beneath the surface. Most of its fight was gone, Joel surmised.
“All right,” Joel said. “Brace yourself.”
Stan assumed a wide stance and accepted the rod.
“Keep a tight grip on her.” Joel wiped the sweat from his brow. “Reel it in before it recovers.”
“I don’t know what you were talking about,” Stan said. “She doesn’t seem all that strong to me.” Stan reeled the fish in. Its silver scales glittered at the water’s surface, water running through the funnels between the armor-like plate. “It’s a tuna fish! What in God’s name is it doing out here in the English Channel?”
The tuna’s gills flapped open and closed. Its black eyes staring everywhere at once. Its blue fins made lazy movements. And then it went crazy. Its thick body thrashed against Haven’s stern, thumping a fractured beat, splashing them with spray. The line tightened, the rod bending at a near ninety degree angle. Stan was tossed to one side. He hit the deck hard and lost his grip. The flywheel unspooled, thirty clicks a second. The tuna fish ducked beneath the surface. The rod shot across the deck.
Joel stamped his foot, trapping the rod beneath it. The tuna stopped sharp like it had run into a brick wall. Joel picked up the rod and began reeling it in again, his muscles aching. Joel roared as he pulled with all his remaining strength and pumped the flywheel. The tuna drew closer, back to the waterline, though it was hardly visible through the thrashing fins and churned water. Joel tugged at the line, but the tuna fish would not come free of the water. A stalemate. The fish was losing strength, but so was Joel.
“Don’t let it go!” Stan shouted, blood trickling down the right side of his face. “Don’t let it go!” 
Joel trapped the rod under his feet again. He unsheathed the knife at his waist and leaned over the side, preparing to sink it into the tuna’s flesh. The fish gave one last thrash, his tail whipping up. The rod pulled up, knocking Joel off-balance. His eyes widened in shock as he fell overboard. He felt the cold scales of the fish whip past his leg. He thrust out with his knife, but the fish slapped him across the face and shot away. It was gone before Joel could turn.
Joel raised his head above the surface like an angry hippo and blew out a mouthful of salty water. Something hit his head and flew off after the fish. He made a mad grab for it, but he was too late. The fishing rod skimmed across the surface, disappearing into the distance.
There was the thud of footsteps on the deck. Jordan offered his hand to help Joel back on board, but he refused it and climbed up by himself.
Anne helped Stan up. “Are you all right?”
“I’m fine,” Stan said, shaken.
“I’ll take a look at that cut.”
“It’s nothing.”
Anne checked it. “Looks worse than it is. I’ll get my kit.”
“What happened?” Mary said. “We heard thumping and thought” -She looked at Jessie and Stacey and changed what she was going to say- “something was wrong.”
“I could practically taste it,” Joel said, leaning on the stern, looking out to sea in the direction their meal had gone. “I could smell the bastard! Shit!” He lashed out at an empty container, knocking it overboard. The girls started.
“We’ll catch another one,” Mary said. “We always do.”
“Do you know how long it’s been since we last caught something?” Joel said, fire in his eyes. “Do you? Or the time before that? Or the time before that? They’re not biting. For whatever reason, they’re not bloody biting.”
Stacey whimpered and cowered behind Mary’s patch-worked skirts.
“Joel, you’re scaring them,” Mary said.
“They should be scared. I’m scared. No food. No water. Stuck out here in the middle of the ocean in a rusting tin bucket with those things on the land. What’s not to be scared of?”
Mary put her hand on his shoulder. He shrugged it off.
“I’ll go turn the engine on,” Joel said. “See if we can find a better fishing spot.” He stomped down the stairs into the belly of the ship. Anne dodged out of his way as he passed her.
Silence followed him. No one made eye contact.
“He does have a point,” Mary said. “A little aggressively put, perhaps, but without food and water we’ve got no chance.”
“We’ve got food,” Anne said feebly. She washed Stan’s face and applied a plaster.
“But for how long? We can’t keep living like this.”
“But at least we are living. We’re not one of those things on the land. We are alive.”
“Not for much longer if we don’t get more food and water.”
Haven shivered as the engine chugged. It spluttered like a man on his last legs, and then cut out. No one took any notice. It was a common occurrence.
Anne looked into Stan and Mary’s eyes. “Maybe we should go onto the land.”
“We can’t go back on the land,” Stan said. “You remember what it was like.”
“Maybe it’s better now.”
“It’ll never be better.”
“We could do a quick hit and run. Be in and out before they know we were there.”
“They wouldn’t know anyway.” Stan shook his head. “It’s not worth the risk.”
Anne gritted her teeth. “Isn’t what we’re doing a risk? We can’t live on the land because it’s too dangerous, and we can’t live at sea because there’s no food or water. What would you have us do?”
“It gets worse,” a voice behind them said.
Joel was black up to the elbows with smudges of oil on his face. He had a lump of metal in his hands. “The alternator’s dead.”

7.

The engine was a twisted mound of metal, plastic and rubber. Cloth rags, saturated with oil, dirt and fuel, had been wrapped and tightened around various joints in a patchwork attempt to hold it together. Baked bean tins and what looked suspiciously like a Smarties tube made up the components.
Stan, Anne and Jordan squeezed into the small space just inside the door while Joel mounted the engine with well-practiced grace and descended on the other side. “I’ve managed to piece her back together again for now,” he said, “but she won’t last long.”
“What’ll we do?” Anne said.
Joel stood up, wiping his hands on an old piece of dirty cloth. He tossed it aside. “We have to find a replacement part.”
“Where?” Stan said. “We’ve salvaged every boat we’ve come across.”
“We’ll have to find the parts elsewhere.”
“Where?” Stan asked.
Joel looked at Stan. A conversation passed between them that Jordan could not understand.
“No,” Stan said, shaking his head. “No way.”
“What other choice do we have? What happens when the alternator packs up altogether? I’ll never be able to patch it up forever. One day it’ll break. What’ll we do then? You said yourself we’ve had no luck with salvaging.”
“I won’t go to Terry,” Stan said, shaking his head. “I won’t.”
“Terry?” Jordan said. “Who’s Terry?”
“A megalomaniac,” Stan said. “A pirate. An extortionist. A gangster. We’re not going to him. Not until we’ve exhausted every other option.”
Joel scratched his chin with his thumb. “We’re getting that way now, Stan.”
“No. We still have options.”
“What options? There are fewer boats to salvage every day. We’re running low on food. If Mary’s soup doesn’t get any weaker, it never will.” He fixed Stan with a hard stare. “We’ve got no other choice.”
Stan shook his head.
Joel turned to Anne. “Anne, help me out here.”
Anne took a moment before answering. “I’m with Stan on this one.”
“Anne!”
“We’ve got a little food left,” she said. “When we’re out, or almost out… then we can consider Terry.”
“Until then we just wait?”
“We fish. We hope for rain.”
“Hope! That’s all we ever do. At some point we’ve got to make a stand. We have got to be proactive.” Without the support of the others, Joel turned to Jordan. “What do you think?”
“He hasn’t been here long enough to know what we’re up against,” Anne said.
“He’s been here long enough to know we’re in trouble. And it’s his life on the line too. Jordan?”
Jordan let out a sigh. “If this Terry is as bad as you say he is we’d better stay away from him. At least until we have no other choice.”
Joel shook his head as if he couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “And if the engine gives up the ghost on our way to see Terry?”
No one had an answer for him.
“Great,” Joel said flatly.
“We keep salvaging,” Stan said. “Sooner or later something will come up.”

8.

Stan pulled in the net. His heart sank. He felt the lack of weight and knew they hadn’t caught anything of value. He shook the net. A crushed Coke can, plastic supermarket bags and frayed shoelace tumbled onto the deck. Stan turned to the others who sat on the floor in the shade of the tarpaulin. Stan shook his head and tossed the net back over the side.
Mary upended the flask, letting the last few drops of water fall into Stacey’s mouth. She ran her finger around the lip of the bottle and ran it over Jessie’s chapped lips.
Jessie took Stacey by the hand. “Come on, let’s go play.”
“That’s the last of the water,” Mary said after the girls had left.
Joel looked at the others, his eyes meeting theirs one by one. Each gave a curt nod. Stan hesitated only a moment before he too nodded. Joel got up and headed down the stairs.
There was a moment of silence before Stan said, “At least we tried. We can’t do more than that.”
Jessie came running from the prow. “There’s a boat,” she said.
They were all too forlorn or dozy to have heard her.
“There’s a boat,” she repeated.
Anne blinked, waking up to what Jessie was saying. “A what?”
“A boat.”
“Where?”
Jessie pointed. Sunlight bounced off a stainless steel railing and cast spots in their vision.
“Go tell Joel not to start the engine,” Stan said to Anne. He smiled. “Hope has arrived.”

9.

It might have been adrift on the sea forever. It was dirty brown from rust, covering it like an inelegant tattoo hull to stern. The tatters of a forgotten flag flapped from the bridge’s peak. Cars sat bumper to bumper on the main deck, each covered with a thick layer of bird excrement. Its name, half blacked-out due to some kind of fire incident, was Light. Haven completed a turn about Light. The water was still, no sign the engines were on. The boat was adrift, guided only by the ocean’s current.
Joel shook his head. “Why a ferry? I hate ferries.”
Anne peered at the ferry through binoculars. “Can’t see anyone on board, can you?”
“No,” Joel said. “Her ass looks a little heavy though.”
The stern appeared to be several feet lower than the hull, the waterline hanging loose like a builder’s cleavage. “Taking on water, you reckon?”
“Might be.”
“Too risky to go on board?” Anne asked.
“Riskier not to. We need that engine part, never mind the food.”
Anne shook her head. “Pity Kwit-Fit never opened a branch in the English Channel.”

10.

“Why does Joel hate ferries so much?” Jordan asked Stan as he helped strap on thick foam-like pads that clamped around his forearms and calves.
“We all hate ferries,” Stan said.
“Why?”
“Let me do what all the best academics of the world do, and answer a question with a question: What’s a ferry’s main cargo?”
Jordan thrust his feet into the loose-fitting steel toe-cap boots. “People.”
“Right. And wherever there are people there are…”
“Lurchers.”
“Added to that fact, they’re massive places with dark corners and too many hiding places. That’s why we hate ferries.”
Jordan pulled on the thick gloves and fingered crescent-shaped indentations along the fleshy part of the hand. “Why do we need all this protection? I thought they were slow and lumbering?”
“They are. But nothing seems slow or lumbering when it comes at you from nowhere. Walk around. See how it feels.”
Jordan paced up and down the narrow space in the main living area. The armor creaked, but it hardly restricted his movement. “It pinches a little in the crotch.”
“Nothing’s perfect.” Stan turned to a pile of wood that Jordan had previously taken for firewood. “Pick your weapon of choice.”
Jordan ran his fingers over them. There were chair legs, baseball bats, even a rolling pin. “You don’t have anything a bit more… sophisticated?”
“Guns jam and require ammunition. Swords can snap or become dull.” Stan picked up a chair leg from the pile and held it to Jordan’s head. “A solid blow to the back of the head and… lights out.” He spun the leg around in the air in an impressive display of dexterity. “This is cutting-edge technology in the fight against the undead.” He shrugged. “Pots and pans work equally well.”
Jordan gave the lump of wood a few practice swings. It whumped through the air. He fingered the detailed engravings of vine leaves that snaked over its surface.
“Are you sure you’re ready for this?” Stan asked. “No one would blame you for not going through with it.”
“I’m fine. I’ll have to take the plunge some time, come face to face with these Lurchers.” His mouth was still awkward around the new word. Jordan grinned. “Maybe I can help ferry a few of them to the great beyond. Huh? Huh?”
Stan groaned.

11.

Joel stood on deck in his body armor looking at the ferry through the binoculars. The ferry’s white hull caught the sunlight and reflected it back in a blinding display like it were the boat of God. Despite its damaged exterior it still managed to look regal. Perched atop the ferry’s main body was a small box, a tiny head on the trunk of this massive beast. Its walls were made of reinforced glass. He could make out the shadows of the computer terminals inside. “What am I looking for again?”
“The bridge windows,” Anne said.
“Yes, but what specifically?” Then he saw them. “Never mind.” Giant letters had been written on the glass. He could make out an S and a couple of Ys but the glare from the sun made the words impossible to decipher. “I can’t read it. What does it say?”
“I’m not sure,” Anne said. “A warning, maybe?”
“Wouldn’t be the first. I suppose we’d best take a closer look to be sure.”
“Plan of action?”
“Standard sweep. We’ll work from the top down. If we find anything of value we’ll tag it and bring it on our way back. Stan and Mary will keep watch from here.”
Anne nodded. She looked up at Joel, who was still peering through the binoculars. “Are you sure about taking Jordan?”
“Every spare pair of eyes will be useful.”
“I know, but he’s still not one hundred per cent yet.”
“None of us are.”
Jordan and Stan joined them on the deck. Jordan’s movements were a little awkward in his armor.
“All set?” Joel asked.
“As set as I’ll ever be,” Jordan said.
“Don’t worry about today. Just follow our lead, and you’ll be fine.” Joel turned to Stan. “We’d best get this show started.”
Stan moved to a crank built into the side of Haven’s bridge. It made a rattling, clacking sound as he turned it, causing a gangplank to ever-so-slowly slide out from Haven’s side, like a splinter being rejected by its host. Stan made minute alterations to the complicated apparatus, shifting the gangplank upward several degrees.
“Any time this year, Stan,” Joel said, rolling his eyes.
Stan worked the crank faster. The gangplank dropped onto the ferry’s deck, the hooks digging deep furrows into the ferry’s damp, soft boards.
Stan wiped the sweat off his forehead with the back of his hand. “She’s ready.”
Joel walked across the plank in three easy strides and hopped over the guardrail. Now on Light, he stood facing away from the gangplank with his knives in his hands, eyes scanning for an attack.
“The trick to crossing is to not look down,” Anne told Jordan as she hopped across the gangplank in four easy strides.
Jordan stepped up to the plank. It suddenly seemed a mile long and only two inches wide. The wind blew, and he could have sworn the plank wobbled a meter in either direction. “Don’t look down,” he murmured to himself. He stepped up to the gangplank. One of the harnessing straps on his forearm protectors flapped in the wind. A breeze gripped it and pulled it loose. Jordan reached for it, but it snapped out of his reach, slithered into the wind and fell between the two hulls to the depths below. He looked down.
The water smashed against the twin hulls with a thunderous crash, sending a fine spray up into Jordan’s face. The sea roared amidst a foam of white wash. He felt the blood drain from his face.
“It’s just one foot in front of the other,” Stan said helpfully.
Jordan couldn’t even manage a sarcastic “Thanks,” his throat was too tight and dry.
Jordan stepped out onto the plank. He took tiny steps, nothing like the confident strides of Joel and Anne, and shuffled along the gangplank with his arms out to either side. The wind picked up, howling across the board. He was only halfway across. The armor suddenly felt heavy as concrete. The sleeves of his T-shirt flapped against his body. Jordan sucked deep breaths into his lungs.
“Come on!” Joel said. “Hurry up!”
Jordan started. His body swayed. He lost his balance. He twisted to maintain it, but felt his center of balance falter. He threw himself toward the ferry. His body smacked into the ferry’s hull. He reached out to grab the railing, but his gloves were thick and cumbersome and couldn’t find a grip. He slipped off the edge. He began to fall.
He stopped short, his body smacking into the hull, barking his shins. He hung in mid-air. He looked up and saw Joel had hold of him with his thick arms.
“Upsie daisy,” Joel said, pulling him up onto the deck.
Jordan’s body shook, his insides twisting with writhing snakes.
Joel crouched down beside him. “You should head back. It only gets worse from here.”
Jordan’s shins throbbed as he got to his feet. “I’m fine.”
“You’ll get in the way,” Joel said with a growl.
Jordan glared at Joel. “I just got here. If you think I’m going back across that death-plank again now, you’ve got another thing coming. Now, where are we going?”
They stared into one another’s face, neither one backing down. Joel turned his head to the side as if seeing something in Jordan’s expression. He cracked into a smile. “You’ll do. We’d best get going then, hadn’t we?” Joel turned to Stan and waved a hand.
There was a rattling sound as Stan worked the crank, pulling the plank back.
“What’s he doing?” Jordan said. “We’ll need the plank to get back.”
“Safety measure,” Joel said. “We don’t want any Lurchers to get on board Haven now, do we?”

12.

A breeze followed them into the room, fluttering the papers that lay scattered over the floor and table tops like the feathers of a bird. They were stuck fast by crusted blood. The air was thick and heavy with the stench of death, their masks doing little to prevent it clinging to their lungs like dry concrete. The navigation table had been knocked askance to a forty-five degree angle. Anne moved to it and began searching amongst the documents.
Joel looked up at the large red letters written backward across the windows. The author had used blood. It had run an inch or so down the glass before becoming frozen in droplets of red. Joel smiled as he read the message. “ ‘Stay away’. Not too hospitable, is it?”
Jordan moved to the main computer terminal. A few small photos remained tucked behind the engine, bow thruster and navigational aid monitors which stared blankly back at him.
 “I’ve got it,” Anne said, pulling a document out from the pile. She laid it out flat on the table. It curled up at the edges. She held down each corner with items lying about the room: two half empty coffee cups with ‘I’m a sailor, and I’m okay’ written on them, a navigation protractor and an empty notebook. The document was a blueprint of Light. There was a large lounge directly below them, then one huge room for the temporary storage of vehicles. At the bottom level were a series of maintenance compartments. The largest of which was labeled ‘Engine Bay’.
Joel shook his head and sighed. “I hate ferries.”
“How do you want to do this?” Anne asked.
Joel gestured to the lounge area. “We’ll make our way gradually room to room, working our way front to back, then back to front, and so on until we get to the engine bay.”
“How long do you think it will take?” Jordan asked.
“Depends on how much there is to search,” Joel said. “Maybe nine or ten hours.”
“And whether or not we run into much unexpected company,” Anne added.
“Do you think we will?” Jordan asked.
“No reason not to, I suppose,” Anne said.
Jordan felt a trickle of fear at the idea of running into his first Lurcher. His grip on the chair leg grew tighter.
Joel lifted the walkie talkie to his lips. “How’re we looking out there, guys?”
On Haven, Stan lay back in a deck chair. He had a thin veneer of sweat on his forehead from the high afternoon sun and a knotted flannel on his head to protect his growing bald spot. He peered through the binoculars at the ferry, scanning the parked cars. He froze. His sweep stopped, and returned back to the backseat of a car parked on Light’s deck. He sat forward in his chair and watched the shadow with unblinking eyes. He relaxed. It was a shirt hung up on the backseat of the car, the wind having disturbed it.
“Right as rain,” he said. He turned the binoculars back to the bridge. Three shadows moved inside it. “Hey! I see you!”
“You see me every day.”
“Not from this distance. I must say you look much more handsome from here. I can hardly even make out your nose.”
“Sod you. How’s Haven? Nice and comfy? Hope I’m not disturbing your rec time.”
“Can’t complain. Mare’s giving me a back rub.”
Mary, sat to one side knitting, shook her head the way a mother does at her misbehaving children.
“We’ve got the Sunday roast on,” Stan said.
“Sounds awful.”
“Oh, it is.”
“We’d best leave you. You’re obviously a very busy man.” Joel turned, a grin on his face. “What?”
Anne shook her head, a mirror image of Mary. “You two are worse than a pair of school boys.”
“Keeps us young.”
“Keeps you immature, you mean.”
“What’s the difference?”
“According to this,” Anne said, pointing to a door behind them without taking her eyes off the blueprints. “We should head down those stairs to get to the next level.”
Joel and Anne covered the door while Jordan reached for the handle. Joel nodded. Jordan opened it. Joel and Anne stiffened, their weapons held high. An empty stairwell greeted them. They relaxed.
“Ladies first,” Joel said to Anne.
“Thanks. You’re a real gentleman.”
“I try.”
The stairs were made of iron grating, which rattled no matter how quietly they tried to descend. The natural light filtering in from the bridge’s windows faded the deeper they went.
Joel headed down the stairs first, Anne watching their rear. Their flashlights cut swathes through the darkness, the world dissected into a thousand tiny squares. They moved with the smooth ease of those used to carrying out such tasks. They stopped often, listening to the darkness around them. There was something about their movement that tugged on a forgotten memory in Jordan’s mind, but try as he might, he couldn’t retrieve it. They got to the bottom of the stairs and spread out into the lounge room.
Sunlight filtered in from the windows that took up the entire wall at either end. They were caked in blood and greasy handprints. The light caught the top of the hard benches that ran in long rows like the pews in an old church. The shadows gave way to their torchlight. Magazines and unopened snacks laid on the benches. The sticky floor tore at the soles of their boots. Vending machines stood in uniform lines along the walls. Anne took a spray bottle out of a side pocket of her backpack and sprayed one of them, leaving a luminous glow. She tucked the bottle away.
“Why did you spray the vending machine?” Jordan asked.
“To remind us to collect the food later. If we find anything useful, we spray it. Here.” She gave him a small spray can. “Happy shopping.”
Joel got to the end of the room. “Clear.”
“Clear,” Anne confirmed. They didn’t wait to hear Jordan say it.
Joel raised the walkie talkie to his mouth. “How’re we looking, Stan?”
“Good,” came the reply. “Weather’s” -there was a hiss of static- “Nothing” -then another hiss- “wandering about.”
“What was that? Stan?” Joel shook the walkie talkie, smacked it against his palm. “The signal was bad. Hello?”
“Everything’s fine,” the reply came.
“All right. Keep us informed.”
“Will do.”
Cars, coaches and an articulated lorry sat parked bumper to bumper on the platform forming long gnarled narrow corridors and a thousand cloaked recesses. Joel turned to Anne and Jordan with an annoyed expression.
“We know, we know,” Anne said. “You hate ferries.”
Joel and Anne moved to the end of the room and began their sweep. Jordan noticed their movements were more crisp and precise than on the previous floor. They peered around at head height, then crouched down, sweeping their flashlights beneath the vehicles. They returned to a standing pose, pausing to listen, then moved to the end of the vehicle and repeated the maneuver. Jordan followed their lead. He picked it up easily and was soon checking the area with the same deft movements. They moved one vehicle length at a time, taking special care to peer behind each. Soon, Jordan was rolling through the motions. He got to the other end of the room before he realized.
“Clear,” Joel said. Anne and Jordan reciprocated. Jordan received a nod of respect from Joel.
“I’ll take first watch,” Joel said, taking up position at the stairwell that led down to the next level.
“What does he mean, ‘first watch’?” Jordan asked Anne as they moved to a Ford Galaxy people carrier.
“He’s making sure nothing comes up the stairs from the levels we haven’t checked yet.”
Anne tried the car’s doors, but they were locked. She reached into her backpack and came out with a long flat length of metal, similar in shape to a ruler, and a length of wire with a hook on the end. She slid them into the gap between the window and doorframe and pulled. There was a solid clunk as the doors unlocked. Anne nodded to Jordan, who raised the chair leg above his head. Anne opened a door. The car was empty.
“Remember,” Anne went on, “we’re looking for food, water, and games for the girls.”
There was nothing of value on the front passenger seat, save a collection of RnB CDs. In the boot were three suitcases. Anne pulled them out, a soft boom echoed as they hit the floor. She opened them and sorted through the materials with quick, deft movements. She stopped, looked up at Jordan, smiled and said, “Jackpot.”
Nestled amongst the clothes were jars of French sauces, packets of instant coffee, noodles, and bags of sweets. Anne upended one of the suitcases and stuffed it full with the food items. They searched four more cars before they found more food.
Jordan pulled the suitcase after them. He stopped and wiped the sweat off his forehead. “You know, I think this bag is getting heavier the longer I drag it around.”
“It’s not you,” Anne said. “It’s the floor. It’s sloped.”
Jordan looked at it, but saw no evidence of any slope. “You reckon?”
Anne picked up a football from the back of one of the cars and set it on the floor. It immediately began rolling toward the far right-hand corner. It picked up speed and hit the wall with force. “Yeah, I think it’s safe to say we’re listing.”
“Let’s change around,” Joel said. “Anne, you take point.”
Joel proved just as adept at breaking into cars as Anne. They had ways of opening all kinds of locks – old ones, new ones, even electronic ones which they used some kind of device for.
“Can you show me how you do that?” Jordan asked.
Joel smiled. “Sure.”
As they moved from vehicle to vehicle, Joel pointed out the various lock types and methods of opening them. Jordan would never have suspected there was such variety.
“These things are always goldmines,” Joel said, rapping the side of a coach. He forced open the luggage door using the ruler and hook. Dozens of stuffed suitcases of various shapes and sizes were lined up like a plus size fashion show. Joel grabbed a garish tiger-skin designed case and dragged it out. “Sometimes I swear the passengers on these tours compete with one another on who can stuff the most crap in their suitcase.” Joel forced open the lock with a screwdriver. Staring back at him were a dozen cartons of Benson and Hedges. Joel grinned. “Oh, baby.” He tucked the cigarette cartons into the space behind his forearm covers. He noticed Jordan watching. “I won’t tell if you don’t.”
“It’s the end of the world,” Jordan said. “I’d have thought it was the perfect time to quit.”
“No, it’s the perfect time to start! Besides, living on a dinghy with me is hard enough without nicotine. Here.” He offered a few packs to Jordan.
Jordan shook his head. “I don’t smoke.” He frowned. “I think.”
Joel smiled. “Not sure? I suppose having amnesia can do that. You don’t have to smoke them, just carry them for me.”
Jordan looked over in Anne’s direction, but she was blocked from view by the side of a delivery van caked in mud. Jordan pulled back his forearm covers and slid the cartons inside. “Do the others know you smoke?”
“Of course not. They wouldn’t quit moaning at me if they did.”
After a brief pause, Jordan asked, “Joel, can I ask you something?”
“You just did.”
“Are you and Anne…”
“Together? No.”
“Sorry, I thought…”
“Last man and woman of procreation age left alive, here to repopulate the earth?” Joel chuckled. “Afraid not. More’s the pity. I made the same argument to her, but apparently I’m not her type.”
By the time they were done searching, they had three large suitcases full of food and games. Jordan and Joel also carried ten kilos of hidden weight about their person. They pulled the cases over to the door leading to the stairs to the next level down.
“I think we deserve a little break, don’t you?” Joel said as he flipped open a suitcase. “One item each.” Joel chose a packet of Revels. “I, uh, need to get some fresh air. Be back in a sec.” He left.
Anne opened her pickled onion flavor Monster Munch. She bit off the toes and then sucked on the circular foot pad. Jordan opened a small bottle of fruit juice. He offered it to Anne, who waved him away. They sat on the bulging suitcases and ate in silence.
“How many of these scavenges have you done?” Jordan asked.
“Too many.”
“Do you often come across Lurchers?”
“Usually.”
“Why haven’t we yet, do you think?”
Anne shrugged. “Might be we haven’t come across them yet.” She didn’t sound confident of that theory. “It might be that they were all on deck when a storm hit, knocking them into the sea, or this ferry came in contact with another boat, which they boarded. Maybe there just weren’t any here in the first place.”
There was a creak of crying metal that peeped out from the walls somewhere in the darkness. After a moment of listening they went back to eating.
“Did Joel ask you to carry something for him?” Anne asked. The sentence barely registered as a question.
Jordan tried to hide his surprise. “Uh…”
“It’s okay. We all know he smokes. Imagine trying to hide something like that in a room that floats on the sea.” She shook her head. 
“You don’t care?”
“So long as he keeps the smoke away from us, what’s the harm? Plus, it keeps him happy.”
“Why don’t you tell him you know?”
“I don’t think he’d enjoy it as much if he knew we know.”
Jordan smiled. “I think you might be right.”
Heavy jaunty footsteps came down the stairwell at the end of the room. Joel had a big smile on his face.
“How were the Revels?” Anne asked.
“Delicious. Shall we press on?”
They left the suitcases, picked up their weapons and headed down the stairs.

13.

They heard the water before they saw it. Half a dozen faint drips splashed in unseen puddles, invisible through the pitch darkness that begrudgingly gave way to their flashlights. The engine bay’s air tasted damp, salty and metallic. It reminded Jordan of a subterranean cave more than the interior of a ferry. Their flashlights reflected back at them from a dozen puddles, a thin layer of oil on their surfaces giving birth to a spray of rainbows.
Distant footsteps answered their own from the depths of the darkness like African drummers transmitting messages, until it became clear it was their own footsteps echoing back to them, bouncing off the wall at the end of the long corridor. Dented metal plate doors sprouted off on either side like portals to other kingdoms.
“Looks like we found where the water’s coming in.” Anne flashed her light up at the water running freely down the walls, their source a series of missing rivets. “These steel sheets look like they could give way at any moment.”
“Sh-sh,” Joel said, his eyes fixed upon an indeterminate point in the darkness. “Do you hear that?”
They listened. To Jordan’s ears there was only silence. He shook his head. “I don’t hear anything.”
“There.”
Then Jordan heard it.
It was the final sound someone made on their deathbed, the gasp of relief, pain, anger, and acceptance, all rolled into one wheeze, as if the pain they were in was manifesting itself. Joel and Anne became hyper-alert, the hair standing up on the back of their necks, weapons raised on rock solid arms that did not shake.
“Sounds like it’s coming from down the corridor,” Anne said, voice low.
“Let’s check these rooms first,” Joel said, not removing his eyes from the origin of the sound. “We don’t want a stray Lurcher coming up behind us.”
Joel pushed the first door open on squeaky hinges. Their flashlights revealed a small room crammed full of cleaning utensils. Dirty discarded mop heads lay strewn like wild mushrooms. An industrial vacuum cleaner lounged in the corner. Shelves of disinfectant and polish made for a potent mix. The next room contained large toolboxes. Unlike the cleaning room, it was well organized. A battered welding kit with stickers such as ‘Hot Stuff’ and a pair of stick figures in a compromising position with ‘Merge’ written across the top, sat on the table with a pair of matching visors. They made their way from room to room, the gasping groan of the damned getting louder.
Anne froze, her flashlight fixed on something ahead. “Joel,” she said, her voice hollow.
The corridor widened at the end to reveal a large wall covered by a series of interwoven pipes that ran throughout the ferry like a series of arteries and veins. In the center of the wall was an eight feet tall, five feet wide monstrosity of a door. It had iron straps that wrapped around it like a straightjacket, thick dead bolts holding them in place. It had a large red metal wheel lock on its front, about the size of a sixteen ton lorry’s steering wheel.
But what had so grabbed Anne’s attention wasn’t the door, but what sat before it.
The man had pale skin and was covered in red sores that had got infected and oozed yellow pus. His brow jutted forward, dark shadows veiling his eyes. He didn’t flinch under the torch’s intense beam, his watery blue irises unreactive. His right leg was crushed beneath a large fuel drum, withered and small, black from lack of blood circulation. He opened his mouth, a death rattle creaked from his throat. His jaw flapped open and closed, his teeth chatting together in a series of clicks. He reached up with his free arm for them, not for help, but in a vulture-like claw, grasping for a morsel of living flesh.
“Oh my God,” Jordan said. “That’s one of them, isn’t it?”
“Well, it certainly ain’t Santa Claus,” Joel said.
Looking into those dead eyes, Jordan was surprised to find the trickle of fear he felt dry up, and was instead replaced by a stronger feeling of derision. The creature before him was not human, but a shell, a poor grotesque impersonation.
Joel knelt down beside the creature, who sensed a meal and stretched for him. Joel seized the Lurcher’s hand and pulled his arm out straight. The fingertips were ragged, the flesh missing, the bone shining through. “Looks like we found our author. He wrote the warning, I reckon.”
Something caught Joel’s eye. He aimed the torch up at the giant door. Written across it was ‘Lurchers inside. Do NOT open’.
“If he doesn’t feel pain, and he won’t die from losing limbs… why doesn’t he just chew his own leg off?” Jordan said.
“That relies on a certain reserve of intelligence. Fortunately for us, they don’t even have that much.”
The groan they’d heard had not come from this creature, but from behind the giant metal door. It was low and unbroken, one continuous note that did not change in cadence or pitch.
“He trapped whatever Lurchers were on board this ferry in this room,” Joel said. “But at some point he must have got scratched or bitten, and became one of them.”
“Lucky for us, right?” Jordan said.
Joel nodded. “It would be if the engine bay wasn’t exactly the place we needed to go.”

14.

“How many do you suppose are in there?” Anne said, pressing her hand against the door.
“Sounds like a lot,” Joel said. “On a boat this big there could have been any number of people becoming Lurchers. You saw how many cars and coaches there were upstairs.”
“We need to get inside.”
“The moment we open this door they will rush us. We won’t stand a chance.”
“But there might just be a few of them,” Anne said. “We can’t know without looking.”
“Judging by the state of this boat I’m not even sure if the part we need will be in good working order anyway.”
“So that’s it? We leave without even trying?”
Joel rounded on Anne in undisguised anger. “Do you really want to open this door and say hello? I know I don’t.”
“There must be a way of getting inside without having them rush us.”
“I’m all ears.” Joel shook his head. “Of all the rooms on this ship, why did he have to trap them in the one we needed?”
“It was probably the only one that could hold them,” Anne said.
“So what shall we do?” Jordan said.
“We need that alternator,” Anne said. “We can’t leave without it.”
Joel shook his head. “No. We need to stay alive. We’ll find another boat with another alternator.”
“You were the one who said we wouldn’t find another boat,” Anne said. “Now we’ve got one and you don’t want to go fight a few Lurchers?”
The death groan behind the door grew louder as Joel and Anne’s voices raised. There was a shuffling sound, and scratching on the door. Their groans kicked up a notch, becoming louder and frantic in nature, as if savoring the meal to come.
“There goes the element of surprise,” Joel said, the muscles around his nose contorting into a sneer. “Wonderful.”
The heavy groans washed over them like the waves on a ship’s hull.
“What if there was a way to kill the Lurchers before we entered the room?”
“Do you have some psychokinetic ability you’re not telling us about?” Joel asked. “Because if you do, that would really come in handy about now.”
Jordan ignored him. “What if we flood the engine room?”
Joel and Anne turned to look at him.
“What?” Joel said.
“What if we flood the engine room?” he repeated. “We drown the Lurchers, then open the door.”
Joel looked to the side, his eyes distant with deep contemplation.
“This boat has already taken on a lot of water,” Anne said. “I’m not sure if it can take much more.”
“Then it will sink and we haven’t lost anything.”
“It’ll be risky to whoever has to stay on board to open the door and go inside,” Joel said, his eyes never leaving Jordan’s.
“Riskier than opening the door and finding an army of Lurchers?”
Anne could see Joel was giving the idea serious consideration. “Joel,” she said, “we can’t just sink a whole ferry.”
“Why not? There’s nothing else of use to us on here.”
“Joel-”
“If you have a better idea, Anne, I’d love to hear it.”
Anne sighed, and then shook her head with the look of someone wishing there were some other way.
“We need that engine part,” Joel said. “So far as I can tell there’s no other way for us to get into the engine bay without having to fight God knows how many Lurchers.”
“We might still be better off fighting them.”
“But we might not. We have no idea how many there might be in there. If we open that door there’s no closing it.” Joel pointed to the headless Lurcher outside the door. “This guy believed they were a threat, and he sacrificed his life to protect whoever came on board. I don’t know about you, but that seems pretty conclusive to me.”

15.

The light caught Joel’s eye, giving him a sinister appearance. “We’ve told you what we’re facing, but it’s important to see it and experience it for yourself.” Joel put his hand on the Lurcher’s head and pointed its snapping jaws away.
“Joel, don’t,” Anne said.
“He has to learn some time. Might as well be while under our protection.” Joel snapped the brittle femur bone, tore his pants and helped him up onto his remaining foot. “There we are. Your first marauding Lurcher. Or most of him, anyway. They often have missing limbs or body parts, so he’s pretty indicative of what you’ll be facing out there. They’re clumsy fellows.”
“It’s still dangerous,” Anne said.
“I’ll pacify it.”
Joel put his hand into the Lurcher’s mouth. It gnawed on the gloves’ thick plastic casing. Joel flexed his arm and tore the bottom jaw off. A thick red liquid splattered on the floor. The Lurcher’s tongue flapped like a snake without its head. Joel tossed his knives up into the air and caught them by the blade. He beat the Lurcher in the mouth. There was a sickening crunch sound like a bag of marbles thrown against a wall. White lumps flew from the Lurcher’s top jaw. Joel smashed the Lurcher again and again. It fell against the wall but did not fall over. Joel bent down and peered around at its mouth like a dentist giving a check-up. “I think we’re good to go.”
The Lurcher straightened up and hopped toward Joel, arms outstretched, tongue flapping. Joel stepped aside as the Lurcher made a lunge for him. It almost toppled over.
“Kill it,” Joel said to Jordan.
It hopped on its ragged foot toward him. The eyes were faded and distant. There was nothing behind them. It was a grotesque impersonation of a human. A fade. Barely even recognizable as a former human. But still Jordan’s insides clenched.
Jordan raised his chair leg. The Lurcher ambled closer… Closer… Jordan shut his eyes and swung, making contact. There was a loud snap. The head fell forward, its chin resting at an impossible angle on its chest. The body stood for a moment, then folded up at the knees and waist.
“Congratulations,” Joel said. “You incapacitated your first Lurcher.” His smile disappeared. “But he’s not dead.”
The Lurcher placed his hands flat against the floor as if to perform a press-up. Its skinny arms struggled under the weight. It rocked forward and back, pushed against the floor, and got up onto its one good foot. It stared at the floor, the flesh of the broken neck stretching to the point of tearing.
“You must destroy the brain,” Joel said. “Or lead it to deep waters. The important thing to remember with Lurchers is they are supremely stupid and easily distracted.”
Joel reached into his pocket and came out with a cigarette lighter. He flicked it on. The Lurcher gave a grunt of surprise that could have come from a young child. It stumbled after the light as Joel led it up the stairs.
On Light’s deck, Joel walked to the entrance gate, the Lurcher on his heels, still mesmerized by the light. Joel opened the gate and tossed the lighter over the side. The Lurcher, without hesitation or breaking its step, followed it. It splashed into the sea, its groans audible over the gentle lapping waves on the hull.
Jordan watched as the Lurcher flailed, but was swallowed by the sea.
“A little light goes a long way,” Joel said.

16.

Orange beams of sunlight burst through the afternoon clouds and lay across the world like a mother’s love. The sea was calm with a million dimples that came and went in an eternal show of affection. A flock of brown-breasted ducks flew overhead in V formation. A light breeze drifted unimpeded across the ocean to run its fingers through Jordan’s hair.
Joel and Jordan sat on a wooden door they’d torn from one of Haven’s bedrooms, empty bottles and cans strapped at either end acting as ballast. The welding kit sat between them. They each wore a welding mask and held welding sticks in tight gloved hands. Light’s hull reared up before them like a frozen wall of ice.
They lowered their visors, put the welding sticks into the water, and then turned the torches on. The flame was yellow and spat black smoke. They turned the nozzles on the side. The flame flared from yellow to blue to white. It hissed like a snake going for the kill. Jordan felt the flame’s heat on his face and arms, a heavy sweat breaking out.
The metal dribbled as they scoured two curved lines, small puffs of smoke whispering when the sparks dove into the sea. Within twenty minutes Joel and Jordan’s semi-circles joined. Jordan’s half was irregular and misshapen compared to Joel’s almost perfect circle. The hole was about the size of a large human head.
The sea lapped against the hull, sibilating when it kissed the white-hot metal. Joel coiled his leg and kicked at the circle over and over. The action caused their door-raft to push away from the hull in vicious thrusts. The pounding reverberated over the entire hull, sending out tiny ripples on the sea’s surface. The opening gave and fell into the engine bay with a loud clang. Water flooded through the hole and into the room like it was dying of thirst.
Joel lifted his visor, caught Jordan’s eye and smiled. “That wasn’t too hard, huh?”
Something grabbed Joel’s leg, his foot pulled into the hole. Rotting fingers and arms with muscles exposed to the shoulder grasped at Joel’s boot, pulling and tearing at the fabric.
“Jesus Christ!” Joel yelled, kicking at the flailing arms.
The groans floated up to them from the hole in the hull, echoing in the spacious confines of the engine bay. Jordan braced the raft’s weight and attempted to push them away from Light, but the Lurchers’ grip on Joel’s foot did not loosen.
A mad yellow bloodshot eye appeared in the hole. It rolled around until it found Joel, and one of the arms, a ragged slice of sinew without index fingers, shot out for his ankle. Joel picked up his blowtorch, turned it on, and pressed it to the arm. The flesh bubbled and popped and burst open to reveal the bleached white bones beneath. The arm lost its grip. Joel pushed the white-hot flame into the gaping eye. Before the flare even touched it, it melted and ran down a cleaved cheek. Joel aimed the torch at the hands holding their make-shift raft. Jordan curled his lips at the stench of burning flesh. The hands relented. They pushed away from the hull.
The groans grew quiet as they drifted away, paddling across the expanse of empty ocean to Haven, which sat three hundred yards away. They climbed the rope that hung against Haven’s prow and collapsed on the deck. Joel lay on his back, staring up at the wispy white clouds in a sapphire sky. He chuckled. “Your first real Lurcher attack. How was it?”
“Wonderful,” Jordan said.
Mary brought them cups of water. Stan looked out at the ferry. The water lapped against Light’s hull, submerging the hole. Pockets of air escaped as seawater flooded the engine bay, bubbles rushing out like the sea were foaming at the mouth. “How long do you think it will take to flood the engine bay completely?” he asked.
“Hours, might be,” Joel said, between breaths. He turned to address everyone on the deck. “Anyone fancy placing a wager?”
At 7pm the water entering the ferry sputtered and gurgled like a baby who’d had too much to eat. Mary put her playing cards down on the table and peered over at the ferry. “You know, I think it’s stopped-”
No sooner were the words out of her mouth than the water began to spill into the engine bay once again, the hole bubbling foam. Mary turned back to the others playing gin rummy.
Joel checked his watch. “That’s three hours. You’re out, Mare. Who’s still in for the running?”
Jordan and Anne raised their hands. Stan had thought the engine bay would flood within two hours.
“You look nervous, Anne,” Joel said. “You’re up next, aren’t you? Worried about your four-hour hunch?”
Anne glared at him. “Not as much as you should be about me beating your ass.”
Joel raised an eyebrow. “Is that as good as it sounds?”
Anne whipped her cards at him.
At 10pm Anne started awake. She turned over to go back to sleep, but was immediately arrested by the quiet. The stars twinkled overhead like a billion fireflies leading the way to some distant paradise. A smattering of clouds obscured a third of the view in what would otherwise have been a perfect night sky. The moon was bright, the blue craters clear like the veins of a particularly strong cheese. The silver light cast a smoky monochrome of the ferry. There was no sound save the wet slap against the boats’ hulls. Anne sat up on her elbows.
“It’s finished,” Joel said in a forlorn tone of voice. She hadn’t noticed him sitting with his back against the cabin. “It finished ten minutes ago. We go in the morning at first light.”
Anne yawned. “All right.” She settled down to go back to sleep.
“Oh, and Anne,” Joel went on, “don’t mention this to Jordan.”
“Why?” Anne smiled. “Because he won the wager?”

17.

The next morning Joel and Jordan cut off a piece of Light’s upper hull and affixed it over the hole they’d made the previous day. They had both seen finger fragments and chunks of torn skin floating through the hole, but did their best to ignore it.
The water was calm again today, the surface highlighted by the sun poking its head up above the sea’s surface. They once again climbed the rope up to Haven’s deck, this time bringing the door up with them. Stan would reaffix it later. They all sat down to a breakfast of baked beans and barbequed Vienna sausages, compliments of the former ferry passengers.
“This extra sausage is delicious,” Jordan said, gloating over his wager winnings. “Do you know, I think it’s the best sausage I’ve ever had?”
Joel scowled.
“Girls,” Mary called. “Come get your breakfast.”
Jessie and Stacey were playing with their favorite new toys: a plastic tube with propeller blades that they shot up into the air with a catapult. They liked to aim them so they fluttered down over Haven’s edge, and they could catch them as they leapt over the boat’s side and into the sea.
“Girls!” Mary said, this time with heat in her voice.
There was a palpable tension hanging over the group as they ate, no one mentioning the task they were going to undertake, and ignoring Light as if it wasn’t there.
“Well, I’d better get ready,” Anne said after eating. She headed below deck. Joel caught up with her.
“Anne,” Joel said, speaking in a hushed whisper, “can I have a word?”
They moved into the main living area. The suitcase full of their salvaged goods sat on the sofas, their innards open, contents spilled across the dining table.
“Anne, I want you to stay here.”
Anne blinked as if she’d been slapped. “What? No. I’m coming.”
“There’s no point in all of us being at risk for no good reason.”
“There is good reason – the more of us there are the better.”
“Not this time. The Lurchers will all be dead.”
“You hope. What if they’re not?”
“I want you to keep an eye on Stan, Mary, and the girls.”
Anne folded her arms and looked away.
“Anne, we need you here.”
“What if something happens?”
“Then I’ll feel relaxed knowing you’ve got my back.” He rested a hand on her shoulder. “This isn’t about you. This is about what’s best for all of us.”
Anne, after a pause, nodded, but she still wasn’t happy. “Fine. But next time you get to babysit.”
“Fair enough.”
Jordan finished off his last sausage. When Joel and Anne emerged from below deck, Joel was wearing his armor, and Anne wore a heavy frown.
Joel approached Jordan and said, “Are you ready?”
“Just about.”
Anne helped Jordan with his armor. She pulled the fastenings, tugging them as tight as they would go, cutting off his circulation. She glared at him, daring him to complain. He didn’t. That only made her angrier.
Stan cranked the gangplank. It extended with all the slow energy of impending doom. Only one hook of the gangplank fastened onto Light’s soft decking, the other hung suspended in mid-air. With the added weight of the water in the engine bay, Light had listed even further during the night. The stern had been pulled down, forcing the bow to lift up from the waterline.
Jordan and Joel crossed the gangplank, Jordan with a lot less apprehension than the day before, though still not quite with the same confidence as Joel.
As they walked across Light’s deck toward the bridge, Jordan sidled up to Joel. “Do you think Anne will do as you asked?”
Joel looked at Jordan out the corner of his eye. “How would you know what I said to Anne?”
“The temperature dropped ten degrees whenever she looked at you. And, she’s not here.”
Joel smiled and eyed Jordan with newfound respect. “There’s no telling what Anne will do.”
From Haven’s deck, Anne watched them disappear out of view as they stepped into the bridge and went down the stairs. The rattling sound of Stan winding the gangplank back in echoed the twisting of apprehension in Anne’s gut.

18.

Nowhere was Light’s listing more obvious than on the vehicle parking level. The square box shape of the vehicles somehow heightened the lop-sidedness of the room. But the vehicles had not moved, their handbrakes holding firm.
Joel opened the door that led to the stairwell. They caught the strong salty iodine smell of the sea that they previously could not smell until they were at the bottom of the stairs. They shared a look.
“You don’t suppose the door could have snapped open under the pressure?” Jordan asked.
“The Lurchers having escaped and organized a nice welcome party for us?” Joel raised his knives. “We’ll have to go down and see.”
Four steps from the maintenance floor, Joel’s boot set foot in water, soaking him to the ankle. He crouched to see down the corridor. His flashlight revealed the water was deep at the stairs, then tapered off and became shallower as the incline reduced, the water only barely stroking the door’s bottom. It was shut.
“That’s disappointing,” Joel said. “No welcoming party.”
Joel waded into the pool, the deepest pointing up to his waist. He kept his arms above the waterline. As he emerged from the pool, the water ran down his waterproof pants, dribbling on the water’s surfaces then the floor as he made his way to the locked door.
Water leaked from the edges of the doorframe, thin rivulets that joined the pool on the floor. The decapitated body beside the door hadn’t moved, but now it looked like an ancient totem, a dreadful warning to strangers of the horrors yet to come.
“Listen,” Joel said.
There was no groaning, no scratching, only the trickle from the doorframe. But still Jordan felt uneasy.
“Are you sure we should open the door?” Jordan said.
Joel gave him a flat stare. “This was your idea, remember. We can’t turn back now.” Joel put his hands on the wheel lock. He leaned all his weight into it, the cords in his arms straining against his skin. He stopped. “Blimey, it’s on tight. Give us a hand.”
Jordan took hold of the wheel too.
“Ready?” Joel asked. “On three. One, two…”
They put their full weight behind turning it, their faces turning red with exertion. They expelled painful grunts of air. The wheel cried out as if in pain, then only squeaked as it haltingly gave way. Water spilled from the doorframe in wide channels, running down Jordan’s leg. They stopped.
“One more turn should do it,” Joel said, out of breath. “When this door gives, it’s going to open pretty fast. We’ll need to move quick. Are you ready?”
Jordan nodded. They braced the wheel again. They barely twisted two inches before something inside the door snapped with a sharp crack. The door flew open, tossing Joel and Jordan aside like ragdolls. The water spilled over them, rushing forth from the door like a mighty river had burst its banks. Lumps like clotted cream spilled through, splaying out in all directions, eviscerated on the sharp steel stairs, their heads scalped, the limbs hooked about the stairs torn from their sockets, thick blood oozing and spreading out over the surface.
The corridor was packed with bodies like monstrous rotting lily pads. The water level was up to Jordan’s chest now. At the deepest area at the stairs he wouldn’t even be able to keep his feet on the floor.
The room shuddered and a sound like a giant angry monster filled their ears. A light bulb fell from its holder, splashing in the water. Dust sprinkled the surface.
“What was that?” Jordan said.
“I don’t know,” Joel said, “but it doesn’t sound good.”
They waited a moment, but the event did not repeat itself. A body in a blue boiler suit floated between them. Her long blonde hair spread out around her head like a halo. Jordan put a hand out to touch her.
“Don’t go near it,” Joel said, causing Jordan to start. “Stand back.”
Joel approached the body and brought his knife down on the back of its head. The flesh and bone gave easily, like a rotten apple. The knife sunk into the skull, the cross guard thumping the bone. Joel turned the body over. Her skin was white, bloated and waterlogged, the face pale as trodden snow. The eyes were closed. She had perhaps been in her mid-twenties.
“She looks like a regular person,” Jordan said.
“Don’t let that fool you. She’s a monster. They all are.” He nodded to the other bodies, floating like trash. “Disable the others.”
Jordan looked at the unmoving bodies. “They’re dead.”
“We’ve made that mistake before,” Joel said, wading over to a body wearing a Tottenham Hot Spurs shirt. “We didn’t check them, assuming they were dead. They came up behind us and…” He slammed his knife into the back of the football fan’s head. “Almost got us. Don’t let their appearance fool you.”
Jordan waded over to the body of a man lying face down in the dark water. He wore a red rain jacket and blue jeans. His skin was pallid and bloated, the hair on the back of his head was so fine and thin his lumpy scalp could be made out beneath it. Jordan raised his chair leg in both hands above his head. He looked over at Joel who plunged his knife into the eye of a young girl no older than eleven. Jordan turned back to the man in front of him and prepared to bring the weapon down… It slipped from his fingers and slapped the water behind him.
“I can’t do this,” he said. “I can’t.”
“You have to,” Joel said. He stood at Jordan’s shoulder with the discarded chair leg in his hands. “Your life, as well as ours, depends on it.” He put the leg in Jordan’s hands. “The first time is always the hardest. It’s easier not to think of them as human. Stan reckons they’ve regressed to some former animal state, to the time before we became self-aware. I’m not sure I believe that, or even if I understand it, but I do know they want to kill us. And they won’t stop unless we kill them first.”
Jordan raised the chair leg to shoulder height. Joel moved to turn the body over. Jordan wanted to protest, but the words stuck in his throat. The face had been torn, the flesh hanging by strips. His nose was a bloody ruin, bitten or else ripped off. The inner cavern of his nostrils was dark and covered in a thick slimy membrane. Blue veins coursed under his skin like thick ropes. The eyes stared up at the ceiling, mouth hanging open, the jaw skewed at an unnatural angle. The face actually made it easier for Jordan because the thing before him did not look human. Jordan brought the chair leg down.
The skull gave way easily to the club, leaving a crater where the man’s face had been. Once was enough, but Jordan raised the club and brought it down again. Water splashed and turned red. Shards of shattered cranium pinged off the walls. Soon Jordan was pounding the water where a head used to be.
Jordan’s arms burned. He could no longer lift the chair leg. Blood and a thick green pus clung to the leg’s engravings and oozed down the vine grooves like a blood gutter on a sword, spilling over his gloves. Jordan sobbed, drawing in wracking breaths that shook his whole body.
Joel put a hand on his back. “You did well.”
“It’s not that,” Jordan said. “Until now I never really believed the world had changed, at least not as you all told me. I guess I secretly believed the world was as I remember it. But now…” He stared into the dead black eyes that gaped from the crushed skull. “Now I know the world really has changed. Everyone I knew is gone. And here I am, smashing it to smithereens with the leg of a destroyed chair from a forgotten world.”
Joel said nothing, letting the moment linger. Once Jordan was ready, they moved about the corridor destroying the brain of each floater they found. The water tinged the color of red wine with flecks of yellow pus.
And then they stepped into the engine bay.

19.

“They’ve been down there an awful long time,” Anne said, peering at Light through the binoculars.
Stan sighed. It was the fifth time she’d said it. “No longer than you were yesterday.”
“That was different.”
“How is it?”
Anne shook her head. “It just is.” She peered through the binoculars again.
“No matter how hard you try you’ll never see through the hull with those binoculars. X-ray vision doesn’t come as standard.”
Anne smiled, but the tension didn’t leave her eyes.
“They’ll be fine,” Stan said. “Don’t you think they would have made contact with us if there was a problem? The Lurchers will all be dead, and there’s nothing left to harm them.”
“It’s not the Lurchers I’m worried about.”
At that moment there was a loud screech, like a girder under too much pressure.
Anne raised the binoculars, heart pounding in her ears. She scrubbed Light left to right, looking for what could have caused that god awful noise. She felt a tap on her shoulder. She looked up into Stan’s wide white eyes, his gnarled finger pointing at Light’s stern.
“I don’t think you’re going to need those binoculars, love,” he said.
She looked up. Her blood felt like it had frozen in her veins.
The stern was sagging into the water like an old man setting himself on the sofa. The front lifted up, water dripping from the bow, poking its nose up at the sky. Anne grabbed the walkie talkie that Stan clutched tight to his chest.
“You have to get off the boat!” she shouted into the walkie talkie. “It’s sinking! Do you hear me? It’s sinking! Get out!”
Static answered her.
“Joel? Jordan? Are you there?”
Still no answer.
“If you can hear me, get out now.” Anne gave Stan the walkie talkie. “Keep trying to contact them.” She ran to the crank and pumped it as fast as she could.
Stan broke from his stupor. “Wha… What are you doing?”
Anne didn’t look up from the crank. “I’m going down there.”
“You can’t. The boat’s going to sink.”
“They’ll die down there if no one warns them. Take care of Stacey and Jessie. No matter what happens, keep them safe.” The gangplank had extended to about halfway. Anne looked at the gap, judging it.
“What about your armor?” Stan said. “You can’t go without armor!”
“It’ll slow me down.”
“But-”
“We haven’t got time to argue.”
“But you haven’t extended the plank fully yet!”
“I’ll jump it.”
“But if you fall…”
“I won’t fall.” Anne put her foot on the plank, judged the distance one last time, took one stride and…
Tonk! The hollow thud rung out across the ocean.
Anne hit the deck. Mary stood over the unconscious Anne with the frying pan in her hands. She poked Anne’s stomach with her foot. There was no reaction.
“What did you do?” Stan said, stunned.
“Me? Why, I didn’t do anything.” She handed the pan to Stan, turned and left.

20.

The ceiling was choked with pipes. They darted this way and that, overlapping and doubling back on themselves like a magic eye picture. Levers and buttons protruded from the walls. They had been chewed and gnawed on, down to nubs. One was smeared with chunks of festering lung where an oblivious Lurcher had impaled himself on it. The water on the floor shimmered with filmy rainbows, the product of a leaky pipe. Joel tapped a dirty dial that had ‘Oil Level’ written across it. The needle pointed to ‘Empty’.
“No oil,” Joel said. “Beautiful.”
Joel ran his eye over the engine, following the mass of metal the way an expert tracker pursued wild game. He got down on his belly and pulled himself under the pistons and belts. He rolled onto his back and located the alternator after only a few moments’ inspection. He took the tools out of his pocket. Within minutes he had worked the alternator free.
“Here, take this,” he said, extending it to Jordan. He pulled himself out from under the engine and wiped his hands on the T-shirt of a Lurcher’s corpse. “Let’s get the hell out of here. This place gives me the willies.”
Jordan put the alternator into a special pocket they’d sewn onto his chest. They walked toward the door. They both performed a peculiar move, their hands moving to the side as if in an attempt to regain their balance.
“Whoa,” Joel said. “Did you feel that?”
“Yeah,” Jordan said, peering around at the room. “Felt like the floor was moving.”
Joel raised the walkie talkie to his mouth. “You guys, anything exciting happening out there? Guys?”
Static answered him. Then the static fizzed and a voice like a ghost from another time crackled. “…off the boat!” More static. “…hear me? It’s sinking!”
The word was a starting pistol. They beat a hasty retreat for the door.
Light lurched again, this time forcing them forward, smacking into the door, then it pulled back, and the water in the corridor rushed toward them as the stern was pulled deeper below the waterline. The prow pulled upward, and the water in the corridor rushed with the sound of a raging river. It hit them in the chest, forcing them back, but they clung with white knuckles to their hand holds. A Lurcher sailed past and into the engine bay. The water buffeted the doorstep, rising in a cool spray. The ferry rocked back to its former position, the water flowing back toward the stairs with a whooshing sound like the sea over pebbles at the beach. The water came to a standstill.
Joel took his hands off the doorframe with great caution, as if by letting go he was going to get sucked into the depths. “I think she’s stable.”
“But for how long?”
“Who knows. We’d best get out of here fast.”
They waded out into the water. Joel’s arm reached out, blocking Jordan. “Wait.”
Jordan looked at what had arrested Joel. The Lurcher corpses floated, clinging together, forming one large mass. Their thick black congealed blood floated on top of the water, pus and other body fluids speckling the surface like a pizza.
“Whatever you do,” Joel said, “don’t swallow any of the water.”
Jordan grimaced. “I wasn’t planning on it.”
Joel launched into the water first, performing the breast stroke with powerful thrusts. Jordan, a less experienced swimmer, walked as far as he could while keeping his feet on the floor, then doggy paddled his way across the surface, careful to keep his head above the waterline. The black bloody mess clung to his cheeks and neck. He pushed a Lurcher away with a tentative finger. He gasped a mouthful of air, holding his breath, and paddled on. Joel sailed through the water like a snake, without apparent effort. 
Jordan felt himself dip lower. He could smell the blood, feces and rotting flesh. He came to a stop, treading the water a moment, cursing himself for not having taken swimming lessons, or if he had, cursing himself for having amnesia and forgetting them. He pressed on.
Something somewhere in the ship splintered, snapping in half the way a tree sounds giving way to wind in a torrential storm. Joel was already at the stairs, pulling himself from the swamp water. It clung to him like a second skin.
The water tipped over to one side. The Lurcher bodies floated past him. The water level rose. Jordan kept a close eye on the roof as it approached with breath-taking speed. He turned his face as far from it as he dared without risking the blood caking him. He stopped rising, the water sloshing around as if deciding what to do next. Joel was shouting something, but Jordan was too preoccupied with keeping his face out of the sludge to hear. The room tipped forward, and Jordan was taken by the tide, driven at great speed toward the stairs, which loomed like the stairway to hell. He slammed into them, the sharp corners stabbing into his flesh, threatening to snap his bones.
The room twisted again. The water changed direction and Jordan was forced off the stairs. He grabbed the railing, but lost his slippery gloved grip and fell toward the Lurcher cesspool below, falling into the grinning empty skull sockets awaiting him.
Something grabbed him by the collar and lifted him bodily out of the air and dumped him on the stairs. Jordan, soaked neck to foot, panted and did not move. Joel, likewise exhausted, lay beside him.
Joel was red up to his chin like he was wearing a nineteenth century high neck collar, thick globules of God-knew-what clinging to his skin. “Remind me… to give you… swimming lessons… when we get out.”
Joel reached for something at his waist, confused when his hand came away empty.
“What is it?” Jordan asked.
“The walkie talkie. It’s gone. I must have dropped it.” He looked out at the Lurcher cesspool around them, the water red and lumpy with ejaculated body fluids.

21.

“It’ll be easy going up to the next level,” Joel said as they climbed the last few stairs to the vehicle storage room. “You wait and see.”
Jordan pushed the door open. It creaked on rusty hinges. They froze at what they saw.
The vehicles had slid to the far wall, jamming together into an impenetrable wall of metal and smashed glass. Tyre skid marks covered the area like Indian war paint, the hand brakes having long since given up their fight with gravity.
“I’m waiting,” Jordan said, “but I don’t see.”
“Where are the stairs up to the next level?” Joel said, ignoring Jordan’s sally.
“They should be behind that delivery van over there.”
“That’s great.” Joel walked toward the vehicles. “You don’t happen to be able to walk through walls by any chance?”
“Maybe.” Jordan pointed to his head. “But I might just have forgotten how to do it.”
Light rolled to the left. A Hyundai i40 broke from the other cars and slammed into the wall. A Harley Davidson followed it. Decapitated wing mirrors slid along the floor.
“We’ll never get through them without getting mashed,” Joel said.
“We don’t have to go through them,” Jordan said. He climbed onto the roof of a Mercedes.
Joel smiled. He climbed onto the boot of a Nissan Micra and then onto its sloping roof. They jumped from one vehicle roof to another, taking their time to judge the distance before they made it.
Light jittered, shaking beneath their feet. Car windows trembled in their frames. Jordan and Joel froze, waiting to see what the ship would do. It stopped, and they continued to hop from roof to roof.
The room banked again, suddenly this time. Joel crouched down, gripping the roof as the car slid and smashed into a Volkswagen Beetle.
Jordan likewise crouched down, but lost his grip. His car collided with a Mini. He was thrown clear and bounced across the Mini’s roof, hitting the floor with a fleshy slap. The Mini was propelled toward him. Jordan looked over his shoulder.
The coach was three meters away. He rolled. The Mini’s wheels resisted the movement, grinding against the white floor panels. A convertible smacked into the Mini from behind, causing it to jolt forward. Jordan didn’t stop rolling. The Mini loomed large, a shadow of oblivion. Jordan came to a stop, his eyes clamped shut. There was the sharp smack of two powerful forces colliding. Jordan could smell something sharp and wondered if it was the scent of death. He opened his eyes.
Blue. That was all he could see. Both before him, and racing off into his peripheral vision. Blue. The wing panel of the Mini was pressed up almost against his nose, the smell was oil from the car’s seeping underside. It had slammed into the side of the coach just as he had rolled beneath it. Jordan breathed a sigh of relief and lifted his head, smacking it on a low-hanging pipe. “Ah!”
“Jordan!” Joel called from somewhere amongst the scrapyard. “Are you all right?”
“I’m fine.” Jordan touched his head and checked for blood. There was none. He crawled out from under the coach.
“When I saw the Mini take after you I thought you were a goner.”
“I almost was.”
Light gave a juddering cry, like it were in its death throes, metal bending to its absolute limit. 
“That does not sound good,” Joel said.
Then came a sound soft and barely audible, like a whisper on the wind. It grew to the volume of a trickling stream, then to the frantic rush of a river.
“That doesn’t sound too good either, does it?” Jordan said.
The stairwell down to the maintenance bay gurgled and spurted as water rose up to the car storage level. A few Lurcher bodies floated on top. Prancing white-maned surf leapt from the stairwell and dashed toward them.
Joel and Jordan ran. They made a hasty b-line through the maze of cars, vaulting over bonnets and crawling beneath undercarriages. The rush of water roared in their ears. Wheels squealed, metal bent and snapped, and glass exploded as the wave swept everything up in its path. Cars were carried like Tonka toys, serrated body parts thudded into bonnets and vehicle roofs. The wave swept under the coach, lifting it and pushing it over onto its side, then forced it shrieking along the floor. The coach pushed the vehicles forward like a giant snow plough.
Just ahead was the door to the next level. Jordan weaved through the final few vehicles. Water sprayed the back of his neck, sending goose bumps racing up and down his body. Joel threw the door open. Jordan barreled past. Joel slammed the door closed the instant the water descended on them. Huge fists of water banged against the door, water spilled in through the doorframe.

22.

Jordan and Joel tore up the stairs. The door bulged inward, and then flew open, the doorknob cracking the wall. The roar of the waves was deafening in the enclosed space. The water passed through the grating with ease, bubbling up like lava from a volcano, licking their boots.
Their heavy boots clanged in deep rhythmic echoes as they ascended each flight of stairs. The howl of the raging swell quietened, but Joel and Jordan weren’t aware of it as they pumped their legs as hard as they would go. They were ascending the final flight of stairs when Light gave another ear-bursting cry, and the boat turned again.
They slammed into the wall, the wind driven from their lungs. Joel and Jordan stretched and grabbed hold of the doorframe as Light twisted. Jordan’s feet left the ground and floated toward the wall opposite. He felt like a worm on a hook. His stomach trailed behind him. Light groaned to a halt, settling down once more. Jordan climbed through the doorway, and then helped Joel up.
“I feel like I’m in a washing machine,” Jordan said.
But Joel didn’t hear him. He was looking at something inside the lounge. “Now that’s not something you see every day.”
Two dozen benches ran in two equal-sized rows from floor to ceiling. Jordan raised a hand against the blinding sunlight that beat down from the window that was now in the roof, muting the pastel colors of the lounge’s interior. The light fixtures ran the length of the left hand wall like a railroad track leading nowhere.
“Light has turned completely on her side!” Joel said. “Ain’t that something?”
As Joel walked into the room there was a sound like sand crunching under his feet.
“Joel!” Jordan said. “Freeze!”
Joel turned. “What? Why?”
Joel looked down to find he was standing on a glass window that covered the entire floor. On the other side of the glass the deep turquoise of the ocean filtered into the deep darkness of beyond. Bubbles floated up from Light’s most recent roll, a million pricks of light that rose up in wobbly lines to the surface. The window was laden with the detritus of everyday ferry usage: empty crisp packets, used tissues, and magazines lay like discarded sprinkles. But that wasn’t what so grabbed their attention.
Long translucent fingers spanned the surface like a roadmap, all lines leading to Joel’s feet. The glass was thick, but at some point it must have taken a severe knock.
Joel’s face bleached white with the knowledge that should he fall through, there would be no finding his way back. Beads of perspiration poked up through his skin.
“What shall I do, Jordan?” Joel said, hardly daring to move his lips.
Jordan spoke whisper-thin. “Very slowly, get down on your knees.”
Joel did. The glass groaned, creaking like it were ice. Water seeped through the cracks over his fingers.
“There’s water coming through here, Jordan.”
“Good. You can wash your hands while you’re there.”
Joel smiled, more of a grimace.
“Very slowly, lay down.”
“What for?”
“To evenly distribute your weight.”
“Why?”
“Is this really the time for a science lesson?”
Joel got down on his front.
“Now crawl to me.”
Joel placed a hand and the window gave beneath it. He lifted his hand and placed it in another location, this one more forgiving. He inched his way across the glass, which splintered and cracked and popped, but never fractured into a hole large enough to swallow him. Once he got to the doorframe, he stood up. His body felt weak and fatigued. He breathed a sigh of relief that shook his entire frame. The cracks continued to splinter and spread across the glass’s surface of their own volition.
“The cracks are still spreading,” Joel said with dread. “Why are they still spreading?”
“We don’t have much time. We have to get out of here.”
“Even if we had ten thousand years we’d still never be able to get across this room. How can we if we can’t even touch the floor?”
Jordan looked up at the benches arranged in rows along the wall. They looked like spectators watching a drama unfold. In the farthest corner of the roof the stairwell door to the bridge flapped open like a trap door on a stage.
Joel followed Jordan’s line of sight. “We’ll never get up there in time.”
“Never say never. Give me a boost.”
Joel shook his head, but cupped his hands, making a stirrup for Jordan to step into. He hoisted Jordan up, who grabbed hold of the top of the bench and pulled himself up. The platform was three feet long, but only one foot wide. The tips of his boots hung over the edge, the drop to the glass below a good fifteen feet. Certainly not enough to kill him, but enough to pierce the glass like it were tissue paper. The gap between the benches was about five feet. Jordan had to crouch, back hunched over. He got down on his knees and extended his hand to Joel, who eyed it with apprehension. “The bench will never take both our weight,” he said.
Jordan hopped on the bench. The wood didn’t make a sound. “Seems pretty sturdy to me. Come on, we haven’t got much time.”
It was as he reached up and took Jordan’s hand that Joel picked up on the subtle shift in power that had taken place. It was usually him who gave the orders, who offered words of encouragement, who came up with the ideas and instigated them. Now it was Jordan. Joel was surprised to find he was not jealous or angry, but relieved. Finally, someone to share the burden of leadership.
The bench was crowded with them both perched atop it. They could hardly move without jabbing one another in the ribs.
Jordan turned and half-stepped, half-hopped onto the next bench. “Watch your head.”
“So this is it?” Joel said. “Hopscotch it over to the door?”
“Have you got a better idea?”
Joel didn’t reply.
Jordan hopped from one platform to the next. He got into a swinging, loping rhythm and was soon making good progress. From this vantage the glass below looked unblemished. It was only when the sunlight broke through the clouds above, piercing the water’s surface, that the cracks stood out like the capillaries on a dying man’s hand. Jordan stepped onto the next bench. It shifted under his weight. He crouched down and regained his balance, the bench rocking beneath his feet. 
“Careful with this one,” Jordan said to Joel. “She’s a bit loose.”
“Just the way I like them.”
Jordan stepped onto the next bench. It gave beneath him. The bottom pushed up, the top back. Jordan threw his weight forward, but he knew immediately that he had made a mistake and over-corrected. The bench bolted forward, striking both the bench in front and the bench behind, the one Joel happened to be standing on. Joel’s bench did not move, but stayed in place. 
The benches in front of Jordan fell into one another like a series of dominoes. The final bench was struck, but did not move. Despite the combined weight of the other benches pressing on it, it held. But surely not for long.
Jordan perched on the edge of his bench, waving his arms like a humming bird, a quarter of an inch between balance and falling through a plate of glass fifteen feet below.
“Now what do we do?” Joel said.
“I’m thinking,” Jordan said. The benches laid out before him like the peaks of wooden mountain tops. If he hot-stepped across them he might be able to make it to the end. But then what about Joel?
The bench below him jerked. He stood up straight and hit his head. His hands rose up instinctively. The bench beneath him stopped moving. Jordan took a few calming breaths before he looked up at what he was holding. It was the second row of benches. His eyes moved to the side like he was thinking.
“Joel?” he said. “Are you still there?”
Jordan daren’t turn around for fear of losing his balance. If he had, he’d have seen the flat look on Joel’s face. “Where else would I be?”
“You see the benches above us?”
“Yeah…”
“We need to climb up there.”
“How do you know they won’t be worse than the ones we’ve got here?”
“They probably are, but there are only…” He did a quick count. “Half a dozen or so left.”
“It’s that bad where you are?”
The bench acting as a bookend ahead jolted. Jordan tightened his grip on the bench above. “The bench you’re standing on, and the bench at the end, are all that are keeping us from falling. If either one gives way…”
“I’ll follow you, then.”
“Okay, good. On the count of three let’s both grab the bench above us and climb. It’s absolutely critical that we both climb at the same time.”
“What was that?”
Jordan could tell by Joel’s voice that he was in a different location. “Joel, where are you?”
“I just got off my bench. I didn’t know we had to be synchronized.”
The blood drained from Jordan’s face. “But it’s only your bodyweight keeping us in limbo-”
Snap!
Joel’s former bench jerked forward, adding to the bench weight, causing the final bench on the end to creak ominously, then crack. It spun forward, but with no other bench to knock into, it spun in a full circle. The bench Jordan was standing on flew out from beneath him, but his grip on the bench above was good. He dangled.
The bench at the end spun around on its remaining screws. It did not fall. Jordan breathed a sigh of relief. For a moment he thought it was going to-
Whatever was holding the bench in place broke with the pop of a handgun. The bench plunged downward, seemingly in slow motion free fall. The bench passed between the two below it, not so much as grazing the varnish on them, and then smashed into the glass with a hollow thunk. The bench stood erect, pointing up like Excalibur. Then the water began to filter in around where it had punctured the glass. The bench slipped through the hole, the sea swallowing it whole, disappearing into the darkness. The water spilled in.
“Sorry,” Joel said in a feeble voice.
Jordan heaved himself up onto the bench. He put his back to it and extended his legs to the bench in front. He edged his way up. His legs and arms burnt before he even got half way, but he pushed through. He could hear Joel puffing and panting. He was struggling every bit as much as Jordan was.
Finally Jordan made it to the top and pulled himself up. Joel appeared a little behind, having scaled his own bench. Jordan’s limbs felt heavy and unresponsive. He crouched down and made fists, pumping the blood back into them.
“Let’s go,” Jordan said.
The spider webs in the glass broke away, making the opening larger. The sea squeezed itself through the widening hole at an alarming rate.
Jordan hopped from one bench to another. One false move and he would fall forty feet into the maw of glass shards jutting up like a monster’s teeth. Jordan held his breath at every step he took, but the benches proved sturdy. After what felt like an eternity he got to the final platform.
About five feet of open space from the platform Jordan stood on, the door hung open from the roof like a flimsy milk tooth ready to be pulled. A square of natural light that led to the bridge, to freedom. Jordan focused on the round unadorned blob of a doorknob, the only part that could be latched onto with any certainty. It seemed impossibly small. Jordan took off his gloves and let them fall into the rising sea, now kissing the first row of benches, soaking the foam cushion.
Jordan wiped his sweaty palms on his pants. He coiled his legs, studied the distance and…
“You cannot be serious,” Joel said.
…almost fell forward. Jordan steadied himself. He glared at Joel. “You’ve got impeccable timing, you know that?”
“You’re seriously going to attempt that jump?”
“Yes. And so are you.”
Joel made a fart noise with his mouth. “Not in this life, I’m not. My hands will never fit round that piddly doorknob.”
Joel was right. His giant ham-sized fists would never wrap around something so small. “I’ll find something to pull you up with on the other side.”
Jordan coiled his legs for the second time, studied the distance, shut his eyes and said a prayer.
He jumped.
Time seemed to slow. The air resistance blew coolly against the sweat on his forehead and temples. The weightlessness felt invigorating. But the instant his feet left the bench he knew with certainty he had got the jump wrong.
But he’d figured it was better to overshoot than undershoot, and so when he smacked into the door headfirst, he was ready for it. He kept his eyes firmly on the doorknob. It was his world, his reason d'être. Nothing mattered at that moment but that drab little battered doorknob. He reached out with both hands cupped like a wicket keeper poised to receive the ball.
The door was knocked forward by his head butt. He adjusted his hands, extending his arms out further. He began to descend. His hands wrapped around the doorknob. He tightened his grip. His body continued falling. He anticipated the shock his body would have, and tucked his arms in to accommodate. As the door swung out wide, his body lengthened with it. He felt the jerk, and his hands slipped from the doorknob, but he forced his hands closed tight. His left hand lost its grip, left to clutch air. His right hand maintained it. Fearful of somehow losing his grip if his eyes were open, he swung with his eyes closed, the door squealing on its hinges.
He opened his eyes. His right fist held tight. Below, the sea erupted with white foam as if in anger. He pulled himself up with a bellow of exertion. He reached up with his left hand and pulled himself onto the stairwell.
It was like entering a new world. The air seemed fresher and full of hope. He allowed himself to lay for a few precious seconds, letting the relative silence wash over him. Then he snapped back to reality. He looked up at the stairs that led to the bridge, and then down through the door at the water rising rapidly. He ducked his head through the hatch.
“You made it,” Joel said, the slightest hint of trepidation edging his voice.
“Now it’s your turn.” Jordan extended his arm out through the doorway and braced his legs on either side of the door.
“You can't catch me with your arm, you bloody fool! I'm too heavy. It’ll snap off! Go get something else.”
“Just jump! We haven't got time!”
The sea had risen to midway up the second set of benches. Light juddered. “I’ll wait for the water to rise, then come up through the door,” Joel said.
“The boat will sink by then. Hurry up!”
“Are you sure about this?”
“Jump!”
Without preamble, Joel did. Catching Jordan's arm was evidently a lot easier than catching a doorknob. Jordan grunted at Joel's weight, and though his arm did not snap or dislocate, it wasn't altogether pleasant either. Jordan, red-faced and dripping with sweat, pulled with his whole body. Joel gripped the doorframe and pulled himself up the rest of the way. Joel laid on the floor just as Jordan had.
After a moment Jordan said, “I hate ferries.”
Joel laughed. Jordan joined in.
There was a beeping sound muffled by distance. Joel sat up and smiled. “I'd recognize that tired old horn anywhere.”

23.

Joel and Jordan hit Haven’s deck, drenched head to foot by their swim. The cold water felt incredible on their skin. Stan put down the horn he’d been using to notify them of their location.
Looking at Light now, Jordan and Joel realized just how lucky they had been. The ferry’s stern was completely immersed, the bow standing up from the waterline, only the first three letters of its name now visible.
“Did you get it?” Mary asked as she wrapped bandages around Anne's head. Anne grimaced in pain.
“Get what?” Joel said. He grinned.
Jordan unfastened the alternator from his chest pocket.
“What happened to you?” Joel said to Anne.
“Ask Stan.”
Stan blossomed red. “A little cookery accident.”
Mary pinned the bandage. Anne got up and hugged Joel. “Thank God you’re okay.”
“Don’t thank Him,” Joel said. “He was as useful as a chocolate teapot. Jordan’s the one you should be thanking. He was the one who got us out of there.”
Anne smiled, and then wrapped her arms around Jordan, a tangible feeling of awkwardness. “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome,” Jordan said.
“It was a lot of trouble,” Anne said, “but worth it.”
“Worth it if it works,” Joel said. “I’m going to go install this alternator.” He headed below deck.
The deck was silent a moment.
“How was it in there?” Anne asked Jordan.
“Like a theme park without the safety.”
“I wanted to come in and help you.”
“It’s good you didn’t. It got a bit hairy in there.”
“There she goes!” Stan said.
They watched as Light sank below the surface. The bridge was the last thing to go under, amidst a blanket of bubbles and gurgles. A space of suction pulled Haven over to one side, rocking her gently. A single ripple stretched out across the space, touching Haven, and then on to the farthest edges of the ocean. Nothing was left save stained squares of paper floating on the surface. There was a quiet moment of reflection for the dead.
The silence was broken by Joel’s heavy footsteps coming up the stairs. He was carrying the old alternator.
“It works?” Stan said.
Joel nodded. “As well as a whore during shore leave.”
Stan frowned with disapproval. “Joel, please.”
Joel ignored Stan’s protest. He raised the old alternator into the air. “How about we give her a good send-off?”
They eyed one another, thinking Joel had lost it.
“No? Okay then. Get out of here you piece of junk!” Joel pulled his arm back and hurled it into the sea.
Stan took a deep cleansing breath. “We’re safe.”
“For now,” Anne said. “A stop-gap until our next crisis.”
“Whatever it is, I’m sure we’ll overcome it. Nothing can stop us.”

24.

Thirty yards from Haven’s hull a baked bean tin can bobbed in a reflected field of pastel blue and fluffy white clouds. The ocean was unusually calm, with not so much as a ripple to disturb the smooth surface.
A bullet whistled through the air and smacked the water beside the can, not more than a few inches away, dousing it. Ripples emanated outwards in concentric circles. A second bullet came even closer.
Jordan shaved off another curl of wood from the block he was whittling. He held it up and blew the detritus away. He had carved out two front and back legs, the tail and the mane.
“Breathe,” Jordan said, not taking his eyes off his sculpture.
Jessie took her time and aimed down the sight with great care. She exhaled and squeezed the trigger. A small column of water rose up beside the can.
“Shit!” she said.
“Language,” Jordan said. “You don’t want Mary catching you saying things like that.” Jordan put his wooden whittling block in his pocket and took up the string. “Let’s see how you did.”
Jessie crowded round. “I swear that last one hit.”
Jordan checked the can. The smiley face he’d drawn on was without blemish. “Nope. No holes.”
“Let me have a look,” Jessie said, taking it from him. She ran her slender fingers over it. “Here,” she said. “Here’s a dent.”
“It’s an imperfection,” Jordan said, reloading the gun. “Not caused by you.”
“Are you sure? It looks very bullet-like to me.” She fell onto the hard plastic bench that wrapped around Haven’s interior and slammed the tin down. “I can’t do it! Twenty-five yards is okay, but thirty…”
“Sure you can do it. You just need to quiet your mind and focus.”
“But how? How do you focus?”
“I’ve told you how. Empty your mind. Think of nothing and find the void.”
Jessie shook her head. “Think of nothing? Is that even possible?”
“Then try focusing on something else.”
“Like what?”
“The rules. Do you remember them?”
Jessie rolled her eyes. “You mean the rules I had to memorize for three months before you’d even let me pick the gun up? Yeah, I think I’ve got them down.”
“Good. Take position.”
Jessie stood with her body turned sideways, feet shouldered-width apart, gun pointing out to sea.
“Let’s wipe the smile off the can’s face, shall we?” He hurled the can out to sea.
“I wish you wouldn’t litter,” a voice said behind them. Anne wore a cheeky smile and had her arms crossed.
“You’re right,” Jordan said. “We might end up ruining the planet.”
Anne snorted. “How’s Jessie coming along?”
“Not bad.”
“I’m standing right here,” Jessie said. “I think I’m doing a little better than ‘not bad’.”
“Prove it.” With a grin toward Anne, Jordan said, “Rule one.”
“Always have a bullet in your gun.” She squeezed the trigger and missed by a yard.
“Stay calm and relaxed,” Jordan said. “Try again.”
“Rule two. Always have someone watch your back.”
Blam! Only a few inches away this time.
“Better,” Jordan said. “Take a deep breath.” She did.
“Rule three. Never give up fighting.”
Ting! The bullet smacked into the side of the can. It dipped beneath the surface and popped back up.
Jessie stared at the can wide-eyed and open mouthed. “Oh my God… I did it! I did it, Jordy! I did it!”
Jessie dropped the gun and reached up to hug Jordan, who put his hands in the crook of her arms. The air pressed against her head as she rose high into the air. He put her feet back down on the deck.
“Did you see me, Anne?” Jessie asked, voice squealing like a child. “Did you? Did you see?”
“I saw. You were great! Soon you’ll be as good as Jordan.”
“Better than me,” Jordan said.
“You should learn, Anne,” Jessie said. “Jordan says it could be really useful.”
“I don’t need to learn,” Anne said. “You can shoot for me.”
“It might save your life one day,” Jordan said.
“Go on, Anne,” Jessie said. “Jordan’s a brilliant teacher.”
Jordan stepped forward and took Anne by the hand. Her skin was hard and worn from her daily tasks, but there was a warmth that shone through.
“All right,” Anne conceded. “But quickly.”
Jordan picked up the gun and held it in the correct stance. “Keep the butt firmly in your shoulder like this. Breathe out when you fire. Squeeze the trigger, don’t snap it. The gun can kick-back, so you have to be careful.”
“That’s a lot to remember,” Anne said, taking the gun and holding it as Jordan instructed.
Jordan raised her right elbow a little and gently pressed her head toward the rifle. “You need to look down the barrel. We’re going to use the sight to aim.”
“Okay.”
“Hips,” Jordan said. “They should be shoulder-width apart. Like this.” He turned to Jessie. “Do you think she’s ready to shoot?”
Jessie frowned. “Doesn’t she have to study the rules for three months too?”
Anne chuckled. “She’s right. You can’t have favoritism amongst your students.”
“I don’t,” Jordan said. He winked at Jessie, and mouthed to her, “You’re my favorite.”
Jessie tried not to giggle.
“What was that?” Anne asked in a mock angry voice. “Picking on the new girl?”
Jordan tossed a fresh can out to sea. “Are you ready?”
“She has to sing a song,” Jessie said, “to help with concentration.”
“You’re right.”
“I can’t sing,” Anne said.
“A nursery rhyme is fine,” Jordan said, enjoying this. He held up his hands defensively. “I can’t have favorites.”
“Okay.” Anne cleared her throat and tentatively sang, “The itsy bitsy spider climbed up the waterspout.”
Blam! Two yards wide.
Jessie laughed.
“Down came the rain and washed the spider out.” Anne couldn’t stop herself from giggling. A yard wide this time. “Out came the sun and dried up all the rain.”
Ting! The bullet hit the can.
Jordan and Jessie exchanged expressions of amazement.
Anne shrugged as if it had been part of her plan all along and not the pot luck that it was. “What can I say? I’m a natural.”
“Great shot!” Jessie said as she held up her hand for a high-five. “We can be like cowgirls!”
“We only have one gun so I don’t know how that’ll work.” Anne handed the gun back to Jordan. “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
On the small deck, Anne was close. A breeze brought her scent to him: lilac and lavender. It took him back seven years – to the very fringes of what remained of his memory. The barracks’ canteen. He reached for the memory as he had so many times before. He saw his friend, Flaherty, wave him over. Flaherty was a short unshakeable fellow with a straw-like mop of fringe that hung limply over his eyes. Jordan carried his tray over to him. Flaherty gestured to someone beside him, as if introducing someone. As the person stood, the memory turned to mist in his hands, slipping through his fingers.
“What’s going on here?” Joel said, leaning against the doorframe. “You were supposed to tell them dinner was ready, not playing Calamity Jane.”
“I got distracted,” Anne said, cheeks glowing.
“I can see that.” Joel had an amused look on his face.
Anne looked at Jordan through her big brown eyes. “Dinner’s ready.” 

25.

“Surprise!” they all cheered as Jordan descended the stairs into the main cabin. They wore hand-made hats and blew party horns made out of telephone directory pages. The table was full to bursting with every type of food they could rustle up. Amongst the obligatory fish, seaweed and jellyfish were sausage rolls, chicken, pies and cakes. There was also an assortment of drinks; half a bottle of Glenfiddich single malt whisky, four bottles of Bud, an unopened bottle of red wine and some lemonade for the kids.
Jordan couldn’t hide his amazement. “Where did you get all this stuff?”
“Didn’t you hear?” Joel said. “Tesco opened a new branch in the North Sea.”
“From the yacht we boarded last month,” Stan said, ignoring Joel’s remark.
“I thought there was nothing on board?” Jordan said.
Stan grinned. “Maybe it wasn’t quite so empty as we said it was.”
“Are you telling me we could have been eating sausage rolls instead of haddock all this time?”
Joel slipped a purple paper hat on Jordan’s head. “Happy first birthday. I have to say, you don’t look at all well for your age.”
“See how you look after waking up to your face every day,” Jordan retorted.
“Let’s put some music on, shall we?” Stan said, moving to the iPod they’d found in a floater’s pocket. It was connected to a battery Stan had made out of plastic cups, seawater, and strips of aluminum and copper. A poppy tune played.
Stacey ran to Jordan and held up a card she’d made. On the front was a hand-painted picture of them all.
“Wow, this is amazing,” Jordan said. He pointed to the smallest figure. “Is this you?”
Stacey nodded.
“And this is Uncle Joel? You drew his nose too small…”
“Hey!” Joel said.
“And this must be me and Anne…” In the picture they were holding hands. “Thank you so much. Can I hang it on the wall for everyone to see?”
Stacey nodded. “Can I do it?”
“Of course you can.” Jordan picked her up so she could hang it on a hook. He kissed her on a chubby cheek before setting her down. He took in the picture. “Better than Da Vinci.”
An hour later they had formed into three groups. Mary and Anne sat at the dining table, their paper hats at odds with the deep conversation they were having. Stan sat on the floor, playing Buckaroo with Jessie and Stacey. Joel and Jordan leaned back in their chairs, letting the mellow music roll over them.
“Having a good time?” Joel asked.
“I’m having a great time.”
“Good. No one did more to organize all this than Anne and Mary, you know.”
“I didn’t for a moment think it had been you or Stan. You two couldn’t organize your way out of a paper bag.”
Joel laughed. “Cruel, but true.” He looked at Jordan. “Listen, we’re getting to be pretty good chums now aren’t we, Jordan?”
“I’d say so.”
“Good. Then don’t take this the wrong away, but you’re a complete bloody moron.”
“Why Joel, I think that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me.”
“Believe me, I could say a lot worse.”
“What’s brought on this sudden show of affection?”
“Over there is a beautiful woman who likes you. I’m sick of watching you both eye one another up and doing nothing about it.”
Jordan colored. “What are we supposed to be doing?”
Joel raised an eyebrow. “Do I have to paint you a picture? On no, wait. Stacey already did that for you. Look, all joking aside, you should definitely ask her out, or hit her over the head with a club and drag her into your cave, or whatever it is we do in this new golden age of ours.” He took a swig of his Bud.
“You really think she likes me?”
“About as much as a Lurcher loves brains. I honestly don’t know what she sees in you. Love is blind, I suppose. And deaf. And has no sense of smell whatsoever. And look, if she says ‘No’ you can always blame it on the alcohol.”
“Maybe you’re right.” He took a swig of alcohol.
Joel watched him. “Well?”
“What?”
“Go over there!”
“Now?”
“No, in ten years. Of course now!”
Jordan sighed, picked up his glass of whisky and headed toward Anne, who watched him approach, a half-empty bottle of Bud in her hands.
“Hey,” he said.
“Hey,” she replied.
His mouth felt dry. “Thank you for organizing all this.”
“We all did our part.” She smiled up at him.
His knees felt weak and his nerve left him. He took a swig of his whiskey. It burnt the inside of his mouth. “Anne, I was wondering if-”
There was a flash of light from the porthole, so quick he almost missed it.
“You were wondering what?” Anne probed.
“One second.”
Jordan drifted toward the porthole. A low grumble of thunder shook Haven. The fixtures, bolts and screws jittered in their fastenings. The cabin tilted slightly, causing some of the sausage rolls, true to their name, to roll off their paper plates onto the floor.
Jordan looked out the small window. The sky was dark and overcast, the sea dimpled by growing swells, like the scales on a dragon’s back.
Jordan turned and looked at the others. “It’s a storm.”

26.

Jordan ran up the stairs to the deck. A thick black blanket roiled overhead, stretching from horizon to horizon. A shroud of darkness. A strong wind whistled past him and played with Joel’s long locks of blond hair, making it dance like fire. Jordan’s insides turned to water. Another flash of lightning, and this time Jordan counted down the seconds until the thunder boomed overhead. It took approximately-
“Four seconds, wouldn’t you say?” Joel said as he took Haven’s wheel in the main cabin. “What’s that? Just shy of one mile?”
“Roughly,” Jordan agreed. “Which way shall we go?”
Joel turned on the engine and spun the wheel west, following the needle on the dash. “To the mainland. It’s better to get shipwrecked on land than at sea.”
“Can’t we go around it like the other storms?”
“Would you like to make a guess which way it’s going to go?”
The problem with storms was they were so unpredictable. They appeared to head in one direction, and then change course with a lick of wind and head in another.
“How far are we from the coast?” Jordan asked.
“About ten miles, give or take.” Joel put a hand on Jordan’s shoulder. “Don’t worry, we’re going to get through this.”

27.

Mary, Anne, and the girls hurriedly packed all the food away, putting anything that might break on the floor and strapping it down with cello tape.
There was another loud bang of nature’s drum in the sky, causing Stacey’s face to scrunch up with tears. Jessie held her close, calming her.
“Jessie,” Mary said, “can you take Stacey downstairs, please?”
“I’m not scared,” Stacey said between sobs. “I can help.”
Mary kneeled down beside the six-year-old. “You will be helping. We need you to choose all your favorite toys to take with you. Who else can choose them as well as you can?”
She thought about it for a moment. “No one.”
“Will you do that for us?”
“Okay.”
Jessie led Stacey away.
Jordan came in. “Where’s Stan?” he asked.
“In the engine room,” Mary said. “Tell him to be careful.” Her eyes were tight with concern.
“I will.”
Jordan smiled at Anne and then made his way down the corridor that leaned aggressively from one side to the other, jostled by the growing swells.
The engine chugged and rattled. Dirt and rust made up half its constituent parts. It had been patched up so many times there was little of the original machinery left. Several buckets sat under dripping fuselages. No matter what they did they could never seem to block all the holes. Despite its decrepit appearance, the engine had no trouble with the small swells. All the dials and gauges pointed at healthy green zones. Stan was pouring the contents of a bucket back into the engine. Jordan picked up another bucket and handed it to Stan.
The room lurched. Stan reached out a hand and braced himself on the wall. There was a short snap like a discharged gun and a high-pitched ping sound as something bounced off the wall not two inches from Stan’s head.
“Jesus!” he said. “What was that?”
Jordan bent down and picked up the offending object. It was a shorn-off bolt head. Jordan’s nostrils flared at a sharp tangy smell. He got down on all fours and looked at the engine’s underside. Oil gushed onto the floor.
“Shit!” Jordan said.
“What? What is it?”
“Fuel is leaking all over the place.”
“Grab that rag over there and stuff it in the hole.”
Jordan picked up the rag and shoved it into the hole. He wrapped it around the pipe several times, tying it off tight.
“How is it now?” Stan asked.
“Better.” Jordan looked at the fuel gauge. “But we’re low on fuel.”
Stan hopped down off the engine. “How much do we have left?”
“Not enough. What’ll we do?”
Stan looked Jordan in the eye and said, “We have to go shopping.”
“Right.” Jordan blinked. “Wait. What?”

28.

After Anne and Mary finished tying everything down they headed into the cabins. They were surprised to discover a thin stream of water dribbling down the stairs. They found the girls busy packing their things into a large suitcase. If Haven did sink, this was the only room that wouldn’t have been altered. Drawings had been scribbled over the walls like ancient cave paintings. Toys were strewn like confetti.
“Are you girls done?” Mary asked.
“Almost,” Jessie said.
Anne looked down to find water coming in from under the door. She sidled up to Mary. “A lot of water is getting in,” she said. “Maybe we should prepare the emergency raft – just in case.”
“I think you’re right.”
Jessie zipped up the suitcase. “Done.”
“Are you ready?” Mary asked, clapping her hands and forming a big smile on her face. “We’re going to go on a little adventure.”
“What kind of adventure?”
“We’re going to the storage room. Come on.”
“But our toys…” Stacey whined.
“We’ll get them later,” Anne said.
Stacey hopped down from the bed. The water came up to her ankles. She screamed from the shock and started crying. 
Jessie hugged her close. “Sh-sh-sh. I’m scared too, but it’s only a little water. It can’t hurt us.”
Anne thought quickly. “Jessie, what are those rules you say when you’re shooting with Jordan?”
“What rules?”
“There are three of them,” Anne prompted. “They help you to be calm and relaxed.”
“I… I don’t remember.”
Anne took Jessie’s hands in her own. “Stacey’s very scared, but if you speak, I think she’ll be less scared. Can you do that?”
Jessie nodded. She closed her eyes in concentration. “Rule one. Always have a… a bullet in the gun.”
The boat lurched to one side, causing the door to drift open, cutting a swath through the deepening water. A jack-in-the-box on wheels played an upbeat tune as it rolled out into the corridor. Other toys slid along the floor and hit walls with dings, rings and clonks.
“Hold my hand,” Mary said, gripping Jessie’s hand tight. “You take Stacey’s hand, honey.”
They trudged through the corridor linked like a chain.
“Keep going, Jess,” Anne said.
“Rule two… Always have someone watch your back.”
Lights flickered, revealing the wall panels had sagged and fallen across the floor. Wires protruded and sparked.
“Follow me,” Mary said. She stepped on the wall paneling. It gave way under her weight. “Be careful.”
“Rule three?” Anne asked Jess.
“Rule three… Never give up fighting.”
They came to a door that looked exactly like the others. Mary pulled it open and the contents spilled out at Mary’s feet. Rolls of cello tape, blue tack, press pins, paper, card, wrenches, bags, duffel coats, blankets… Everything you would ever need to start a new life at sea. Mary and Anne searched amongst the fallen items.
“What are you looking for?” Jessie asked.
“The life raft,” Mary said.
“Isn’t that it?” Jessie said, pointing at something at the back of the room sticking out from the water. It was bright yellow and cigar-shaped.
“Looks like it,” Anne said. “Girls, come into the room. I don’t want you to get swept away.”
Mary took the yellow plastic material in both hands and pulled. It came out of the water about three inches, but appeared to be snagged on something. She pulled harder, and a wall unit that was bolted to the wall shook. Anne helped Mary pull at the life raft.
Jessie eyed the rocking wall unit with concern. “Uh, Anne…”
“One second, honey,” Anne said. “It looks like the raft is trapped under here.” They gave the life raft one big pull. It came free from the water like a salmon from a river. Anne caught it. “Got it!”
There were snaps like broken fingers and metal groaned loudly as the wall unit tilted forward.
“Stacey!” Anne screamed. “Stacey! Look out!”
Stacey stepped back, but not enough as the wall unit landed with a heavy crash on top of her.

29.

Stan and Jordan carried the bulging sacks down the corridor. Jordan’s arms shook with the effort. The water, now up to the middle of his shins, didn’t help. They made it to the engine room.
Jordan tore open the bags and took out the first bottle of spirits. He handed it to Stan, who sat perched on the engine, pouring the spirits into the fuel tank. It came to the last bottle. A 1982 Chateau Lafleur Pomerol. Stan uncorked it and passed it under his nose. His nostrils flared with desire. It was a wonderful year.
“Sorry, Stan,” Jordan said. “We need every last drop.”
With a sigh, Stan upended the bottle. Once it was empty, he allowed himself to run a finger over the bottle lip and taste it. His eyes rolled back. “What a waste,” he said. “How’s the reading?”
Jordan looked over at the fuel gauge needle, now nosing the green safety level. “Better.”
A shrill buzzing sound startled them. Jordan opened an oil-smeared box affixed to the wall. The intercom phone was ringing. He answered it.
“Jordan, are you there?”
“Yes, Joel. I’m here.”
“Can you come up here please?” His voice sounded strained.
“What’s wrong?”
“Just come.” The line went dead.
Jordan turned to Stan. “Joel needs my help. Will you be all right here by yourself?”
“Should be.”
Jordan waded his way up the stairs. It felt like he was battling a waterfall. Emerging onto the deck, the heavy rain stung his face. The boat leaned dangerously over to one side, pushing Jordan forward. His shoes lost their grip and he slid to the railing. He gripped it with white knuckles to prevent himself from being thrown over the side. The boat turned in the opposite direction, evening out. Jordan took the opportunity to dash into the cabin.
Ankle-deep water washed over to one side of the cabin, papers and pens and pieces of Plexiglas in its wake. Joel stood with one hand on the wheel. He was the only object seemingly unaffected by the storm.
Rain slashed in through the open windows. The lights from the cockpit illuminated the huge swells outside, the vast liquid walls. The lightning flashed. There was a dark shape – what could only be the mainland – in the distance.
“It’s getting a bit hairy out there,” Jordan said.
“It’s not much better in here.”
The peak of a large swell smashed against the cabin, hitting Joel and Jordan full in the face, knocking them back. Joel kept hold of the wheel with one hand, the other gripped tight at his side. Blood oozed from between his fingers.
“You’re hurt,” Jordan said.
“I caught a splinter.”
“Looks a bit more serious than a splinter.”
“A shard, then.” He grimaced. “A wave broke through the Plexiglas and part of it cut me. I need you to take over from here.” Joel let go of the wheel and fell into a chair.
“You need to go lay down.”
“Do I heck. Give me a minute and I’ll be right as rain.”
Jordan reached for the phone and pressed the button for the phone in the corridor below deck. There was no answer. He pressed the engine button. It was answered within two rings. “Stan?”
“Speaking.” His voice was calm, relaxed. He could have been answering on a slow Sunday afternoon. “Is Anne with you?”
“No. Why?”
“Can you find her and send her up, please?”
“Will do.”
Jordan hung up.
“I said I’m all right,” Joel said.
“You’re never all right.”
A giant maw opened up before them as if the sea were attempting to swallow them.
“Hold on,” Joel said. “It’s going to get a little rough.”

30.

“It hurts! It hurts!” Stacey cried. “My leg! It’s stuck!”
“Anne, Jessie, come here,” Mary said, taking the lead. “On the count of three we’re going to lift this thing off Stacey, okay? Stacey, you try to pull your leg free. Ready? One, two, three.”
They attempted to lift the wall unit, but it didn’t budge.
“Let’s try again,” Mary said. “Ready? One, two, three!”
The unit moved perhaps an inch this time, but it wasn’t enough.
Anne searched among a number of spare pipes and rods leaning against a wall and chose a short hollow pipe about half an inch wide. She shoved it between the shelving unit and the floor and put all of her weight onto it. Mary added her own weight. The shelving unit scraped against the wall like nails on a chalkboard. They pushed down harder and-
The pipe snapped. They fell face first into the water.
The boat listed sharply. The water coalesced around Stacey’s head. She gargled in panic.
“She’s going to drown!” Jessie cried.
Mary waded over and gently lifted Stacey’s head above the water. Stacey spat the water out and gasped for air.
“You’re all right,” Mary said. “You’re going to be okay.”
Anne picked up the snapped pipe. “Stacey, listen. I want you to put this in your mouth and-”
“But it’s dirty.”
Anne dipped the pipe under the water, rinsing it. “Better?”
Stacey nodded.
“Put this in your mouth.”
“Like a straw?”
“Yes. Smart girl. Exactly like a straw. Let’s practice.”
Stacey wrapped her tiny lips around the end. Throaty breaths wheezed from the end of the pipe.
“Keep your lips closed tight,” Mary said. “Don’t let any water in, okay?”
Stacey did it, and then released the pipe.
“Well done.”
“I’m scared,” Stacey said, lips curling down at the corners.
“We are too,” Anne said. “But you have to do this while we figure out a way to get this off you.”
“I don’t want to be a floater,” Stacey said, eyes shimmering.
“A what?” 
“A floater. I heard Joel say it once. Those people who float on the sea. I don’t want to be one of them.”
Anne and Mary shared a look. They didn’t think the girls knew about them. Clearly they hadn’t been as careful as they’d hoped.
“You won’t be,” Mary said, running her fingers through her hair. “Because we’re going to get you out, okay?”
The cabin tilted. The water ran over Stacey’s neck… her chin… her mouth… nose… forehead… and she was gone from view. They listened to the hollow wheezing emitting from the end of the pipe.
“Let’s try and lift this thing again,” Mary said.
Stan splashed into the room. “Anne. Jordan needs you.”
“I can’t go. Stacey’s trapped.”
“I’ll help her. You go help Jordan.”
With only a moment’s hesitation, Anne turned and waded into the corridor. The water had risen quickly, the water level now up to her knees. And though she was too far away to hear the wheezing pipe, in her mind she could hear its deathly countdown.

31.

Joel ran a blood-smeared hand across his eyes. He looked so tired. “Do you think we’ll make it?”
“Of course we will,” Jordan said. “The land’s up ahead. We’ve got enough fuel.”
“The sea’s getting rough.”
“Let’s not worry about whether or not we’ll make it, and just make sure we do make it.”
Beads of cold sweat broke out on Joel’s forehead. He looked as pale as a Lurcher.
Joel fixed Jordan with his gaunt eyes. “We have to do anything we can to protect them, Jordan. You know that, right? Anything.” His tone was grave.
“I know.”
A moment passed in silence before Anne waded into the cabin. “You rang?”
“You need to take Joel down below,” Jordan said. “He’s hurt.”
“I’m fine,” Joel said.
Anne pulled his hand away and looked at his wound. “Doesn’t look fine to me. We need to get the shard out.”
Anne helped him out of his chair and led him toward the door. Just then, the lightning flashed in time to reveal a monstrosity of a wave upon them. Jordan’s eyes widened in horror. He turned to warn Anne and Joel. “Look out!”

32.

The wave broke across the hull and smacked Anne hard on the back, knocking her into the railing, hammering the air from her lungs. The boat tilted sharply, and she skidded over the side, arms and legs flailing. She fell toward the roiling mass below, the sea foaming at the mouth. She jerked to a stop in mid-air. Her body swung and banged into the side of the boat.
Joel had somehow caught her by the wrist. “Hold on!” he bellowed.
Anne brought her other hand up and took hold of his wrist. She swung her feet up to the side of the boat, but her trainers found no purchase and slipped.
The crashing waves beneath her churned up the loam. The veins in Joel’s neck threatened to pop as he strained to pull her up. She rose a couple of inches. The boat hit another swell and dipped forward. Joel’s blood caked her wrist, making a good grip nigh-on impossible.
Anne looked up into Joel’s eyes, ignoring the rain stinging her face. “It’s okay,” she said in a calm voice that surprised her. “You can let go.”
Joel shook his head. “No!”
“If you don’t, we’ll both die.”
Haven tilted, and Joel’s grip slipped again.
“It’s okay,” Anne said. “It’s okay. Let go.”
Joel’s arms shook and his fingers began to unfurl, his grip loosening. Haven banked sharply in the opposite direction. Joel’s grip grew strong again. He pulled hard and with Haven’s added centrifugal force, Anne flew up in a wide arc and landed on the deck with a heavy bump.
Anne and Joel lay on the deck panting for air. They looked at one another and chuckled with relief. Laughs turned to gurgles as a wave washed over them. They got to their feet.
Joel smiled. “That was close, huh?”
The world seemed to slow as Haven rose up another sharp bank. The wind howled. The rain stung their faces. They turned to head below deck.
Joel froze.
Another giant wave broke across the cabin, flinging boulders of white, taking Joel hard in the chest. He grunted at the impact. It knocked him off his feet, slamming him into the rail and washing him over board in one smooth motion.
Anne reached for him, but she was already too late. “Joel!” she screamed. “No! Joel! No!”
The sea rolled like the scales of a giant snake and whisked Joel away. Within seconds he was gone. 

33.

In a single strobe of lightning the mainland was there. Trees were blown at a limbo-like angle. Solid shadows zipped through the air. Jordan’s stomach moved three feet behind him as Haven descended into a deep swell. Smaller swells cajoled her one way then another. Jordan kept the boat on course, heading straight for where he thought the mainland was.
At the bottom of the surf Jordan swore he could see the seabed. A mountain of water rose before him. The engine chugged, chugged, chugged its way up the incline.
“Come on!” Jordan said, gently brushing the wheel like a lover. “Come on! You can make it! You can make it!”
A flash of lightning struck nearby, and the world was bleached white. The hair on Jordan’s body rose at the electrical discharge. The boom of thunder rattled the wheel in Jordan’s hands, but still Haven scaled the vertical wall. Haven shuddered again, this time not from thunder but from the engine as it threatened to stall. She burst through the top of the swell and landed on an even keel. The mainland loomed large. He could almost make out individual buildings.
Jordan stroked the wheel. “Good girl, good girl.”
He heard the slosh of footsteps behind him. Anne looked every bit as tired as Jordan felt. Her hair stuck up on end, and she walked in small careful steps. She tripped on their old radio. Jordan caught her. Her eyes were red and swollen.
“Joel?” Jordan said.
She shook her head and hugged him close.
Jordan felt tears in his eyes. “I’m sorry it had to end like this,” he said.
“Me too.”
The boat plunged into a gigantic swell.
“What is it you wanted to tell me before?” Anne asked. “During the party?”
“I don’t think that matters now.”
“I want to know.”
Jordan looked away. “I was going to ask if you wanted to date.”
“Don’t you want to know my answer?”
The sea and rain pummeled the small cabin.
“Anne…” Jordan said, but stopped when she put her finger to his lips.
“If we can’t do what we want at the end of the world, when can we?”
Jordan fell into Anne’s big, deep dark eyes and was consumed for what he feared would be the last time. They were so close they shared one another’s breath. Anne’s hand crept up through Jordan’s wet hair. He brushed a strand out of her eyes and tucked it behind her ears the way he liked.
Anne kissed Jordan on the cheek, eyes glittering wetly. “Happy birthday.”
The sea squeezed itself into the tiny cabin and drifted between the two figures, forcing them apart. Their hands lost one another. Anne screamed, but the sound was enveloped by the relentless storm, wind and rain. Jordan put up little resistance as he was sucked toward an empty window and tossed out to sea.

END OF EPISODE ONE
OF THE BLOOD MEMORY SERIES

WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?

Blood Memory has only just begun.
Want to find out what happens to the survivors after the shipwreck? Want to learn what blood memory actually is? You can buy Blood Memory: Episode Two now.
But wait!
If you’d prefer to save 50% compared to buying all five individual episodes, then buy Blood Memory: The Complete Season One!

WAS IT GOOD FOR YOU?

CLICK HERE to get news and information on Briar’s new releases, competitions, and two free books for joining!

SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT

Want to see more books by Perrin Briar?

Click the link below:

http://www.perrinbriar.com/briars-books/

BE KIND, REVIEW

Reviews mean an awful lot on the internet. This is true for all products, especially books. But often, readers don’t leave reviews. If you enjoyed Blood Memory, please make sure to write one. It doesn’t need to be long – a single sentence is fine, but it would mean the world to me if you did. CLICK HERE to leave a review, and make one author very happy!

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Perrin Briar is an English author and teacher, known for his popular Blood Memory series and black comedy Keeping Mum. Before writing he worked as a TV researcher, teacher, stock counter and chocolate factory worker.
You can email him at perrin@perrinbriar.com or tweet at @perrinbriar. He loves corresponding with fans, so don’t hesitate to contact him if you have a question!

Copyright © 2014 Perrin Briar

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

Published by Briar Patch Publishing.
Cover design by Alisha at www.damonza.com
Editing by Gary Smailes at www.bubblecow.com

Want to know more about Perrin Briar’s books?
Visit www.perrinbriar.com and get two books free for joining.
