Big Girls Don’t Cry
Shadowdragon War Diaries: Vol. 1

By J.C. Rudinsky
Big Girls Don’t Cry
Smashwords Edition
Copyright: J.C. Rudinsky March 2014
Cover Art: J.C. Rudinsky
ScryNet Productions

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in retrieval system, copied in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise transmitted without written permission from the publisher. You must not circulate this book in any format.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Table of Contents

Title
Copyright
Glossary of Terms
About the Author


ONE

Fort Belden
Lestante Province, Calandra
18 Avolin, 1376

Sherry Lanis sat in her father’s lap, clutching tightly to his shirt as he gently rocked her back and forth. Tears streamed down her face; making her long, black hair cling to her cheeks in matted clumps. The hem of her dress was torn and stained red from the stream of blood that ran down her leg from a skinned left knee.
It was her best dress--the yellow one with thin, puffy, sleeves. Her mother had bought this dress for Sherry while on a trip to Medinara and insisted that she only wear it for certain occasions. Now Sherry had ruined it.
She’d fallen off her bicycle, the one her father had gotten her less than a week ago. It was her favorite thing in the world and she’d spent the entire morning at church anxiously waiting to get home to ride it. The thought had so preoccupied her mind that the instant they arrived she ran to grab it.
She only wanted to ride around the driveway, which seemed harmless enough, at least to the impatient mind of a child.
But dresses weren’t made for riding bicycles, and the loose fabric had gotten caught around one of the foot-pedals, pulling her off balance. She fell onto the pavement, tearing the dress and skinning her knee.
She wiped her eyes and looked up at her father as she tried to catch her breath between sobs. He was still wearing his military dress uniform, the one he always wore to church. He smiled down at her with his slightly lopsided grin.
She laid her head against his chest and gently fingered the silver insignia pinned to his uniform that marked him as an artillery captain. She sniffled a bit as her sobbing finally began to subside. The pain wasn’t really that bad. Far worse was the shame that she felt over ruining her dress and the fear of facing her mother’s anger and disappointment.
But, for the moment, she was safe; curled in her father’s lap on the front steps of their small house at the Coalition base of Fort Belden. Even the terrible war that raged across the world somehow seemed far, far away.
Her father cupped her chin in his hand and gently lifted her head up to face him. He wiped away the lingering tears on her face. His strong hands were rough from many cycles of handling heavy guns and ordinance, but his touch was amazingly tender.
“Better now?” he asked.
She nodded and forced a slight smile. He lightly tweaked her nose and she recoiled, contorting her face in annoyance but giggling, despite herself.
“Good,” he said.
“You’re a big girl now; and big girls don’t cry, right?”


TWO

Redoubt Montrey
Uregard, Northern Calandra
3 Ii’Laan, 1394

It was late winter in northern Calandra, and the fortress-city of Montrey lay snuggled beneath a heavy mantle of white. It was approaching midday but the sun's rays were masked behind a pallid gray sky and a moderate snow cloaked the city in a dreary, frigid, haze.
The falling snow crowned the tops of abandoned buildings, their hollow, exposed shells encrusted with ice by the chill wind that swept through their fractured walls and shattered windows. Once symbols of mankind's ingenuity and enterprise, they now stood as silent, eerie monuments to the nearly three cycle long siege of the city.
Wind-blown snow wafted through the empty streets, settling over wrecked vehicles, deserted defensive positions, abandoned weapons, and countless bodies that lay frozen amidst the drifts and rubble.
The streets echoed with the rumbling of explosions, the sharp rattling of automatic weapons, and the high-pitched wailing of arcane weaponry, indicating that there were still those who struggled desperately to avoid a similar fate.
A formation of three Coalition LAV's weaved among the battered, empty towers of the inner city, their floodlights cutting shimmering lances through the snowy haze. Generally known as hoppers, the aircraft were deceptively agile, despite their boxy, ungainly-looking design. Skimming only a few mets above the debris-littered street, they stirred up swirling clouds behind them as they banked sharply around the corner of a dilapidated building, heading deeper into the city.
Normally silent to mundane ears, their enchantech magines now hummed audibly as they strained to siphon enough ambient magical energy to keep the aircraft aloft in the heavily Vim-disrupted environment. The effect sounded much like giant insects in flight, a phenomenon that had earned them the nickname "bugs" among the troops.
But to VimSensitives, those who had a talent for sensing magic, the sound of a siphon reactor was anything but silent. It was a high-pitched, undulating, whine that never stopped, only varying in pitch as it passed through fluctuating densities in the Etherum. ‘Sensitives who were unaccustomed to the peculiarities of enchantech equipment usually found the incessant, eerie, wailing almost maddening.
Lieutenant Sheryl Lanis had long ago learned to tune out the grating whine of siphon reactors, pushing it to the back of her mind as one might the conversations in a crowded room. As a fourth tier Battlemancer in the CAF's 33rd Arcane Corps and a specialist in the use of BoosterTech, she found the unsettling drone of enchantech devices almost as familiar as breathing.
She leaned forward in her seat near the front of the hopper’s cargo bay, carefully studying the map that was spread across her knees. On it was a layout of the city, crisscrossed with lines and symbols--hastily scrawled in blue and red pencil--denoting Coalition defensive lines and fortifications.
She snapped her hand down on the map as a gust of icy wind blasted in through the open bay door, threatening to rip the paper away. She glanced across the aisle, peering past the door-gunner manning the pintle-mounted heavy machine gun. Squinting through the blistering wind, she looked for some landmark by which she might be able to pinpoint the flight's location.
The scarred facade of a building roared past the open door, sliding away like a curtain to reveal the ruined skyline beyond. Smoke from countless fires mingled with the falling and wind-blown snow, creating a chilly gray haze that smelled faintly of explosives, charred wood, and death.
A series of bright flashes erupted in the distance, quickly followed by a thunderous rumbling. Imperium artillery strikes were now reaching the inner city.
Such a thing would have been unthinkable just a few hours ago, when the city’s powerful protective barrier wards would have intercepted the majority of such attacks.
But with those barriers now shut down, the entire central city had become vulnerable to attack, and the Imps had certainly wasted no time in taking advantage of the opening.
For what it was worth, the shelling was a sign that the first stage of the 33rd’s primary mission had been completed. Now came the hard part.
Montrey’s weakened garrison force was heavily outnumbered by the Imperium assault Legion. The city's barrier wards had evened the odds significantly, allowing the defenders to hold against the enemy's superior numbers for several cycles. Without the wards, the Coalition forces were rapidly losing ground and already close to breaking under the unmitigated attack. CAF defensive positions had been steadily falling back all morning and full rout was inevitable.
The only question was how long could they hold? It fell to units like Shiv Nine to ensure that it was long enough.
As bad as the situation appeared, it hadn’t really come as a surprise to most. The Imperium had been pounding Montrey relentlessly for the past several months, attempting to finally put to rest a siege that had ground up nearly three cycles and thousands of troops.
Still, despite overwhelming odds, the Redoubt had held strong, in large part due to it's powerfully shielded central ward. Unfortunately, the same could not be said for the fortified lines to the east and west of the city. Despite the valiant efforts of CAF forces, repeated Imperium assaults had finally managed to uproot the entrenched defenders, pushing them several kilomets to the south. This had left Montrey in a weakly defended salient that was now seriously threatened with encirclement.
After several counterattacks had failed to reestablish the front, the Coalition High Command had decided that it was best to abandon Montrey and consolidate their defenses further south around Redoubt Halsburg.
Complicating what would already be a costly fighting withdrawal was the fact that Montrey’s main siphon reactor was still active. The massive core Vimstones of its Keiler-Felbs Array were responsible for supplying the vast amounts of magical energy required to maintain the city’s formidable ward matrices.
The 'stones were absolutely priceless -- a valuable prize for the invading Imperium forces should they be captured intact. To prevent this, Command had tasked the 33rd Arcane Corps, supported by the skycruisers Landry and Absolution, with the difficult mission of recovering or destroying the ‘stones at any cost.
General Hanz Daego, commander of the city’s defensive garrison, had been abolutely livid when Lance Marshal Ghelen, commander of the 33rd, had informed him that her orders were to shut down the reactor. For cycles, Montrey had been considered a key element in the Coalition’s northern front, yet Daego's troops had been left to defend the city with very little support, making the General understandably bitter.
When the Landry unexpectedly gated in over the city, Daego and his troops had believed that long-requested reinforcements had finally arrived. Instead, they found themselves being ordered to perform a holding action, without the city’s defensive wards, in order to protect a bunch of magic rocks. The fleeting boost in morale was quickly replaced by despair and resentment.
Ultimately, however, Daego had little choice but to concede that the city was lost. Reluctantly, he issued the orders for his forces to hold the line long enough for the Absolution's crew to secure the vital reactor ‘stones for transport, knowing that it was a death sentence for thousands of troops that could never be evacuated.
Although the recovery operation was her foremost responsibility, Marshal Ghelen had assured Daego that she would not abandon his men. As proof, she’d ordered her best Shiv Teams and units from the 8th Rangers to run interference for the garrison units while the Landry's LAV wing evacuated as many troops as time allowed. It was a considerable gesture of respect that the Lance Marshal would defy protocol by risking valuable Arcane Corps units to protect Daego's mundane troops.
For soldiers like Lieutenant Lanis, it was just another day at work.
Another blast of cold air shot through the open door of the vehicle. Lanis tugged the white hood of her cold-weather armor jack closer around her face and adjusted the high collar. The elemental wards of her runic armor kept her warm enough, but the occasional frigid gust on her face and the misty vapor of her breath served as a reminder that it was well below freezing outside.
She glanced back at the rest of her squad, who huddled on the benches along either side of the hopper’s cargo area, bundled in their heavy winter fatigues and Rune-Boosted body armor, which was currently painted a mottled pattern of gray and white to better blend with the frozen, urban landscape.
Unfortunately, despite being enchanted with anti-magic and deflection wards, standard issue REBAr didn’t really help much against the elements, lacking the proper schemata for such protection. Still, these days, they were lucky to have any magical protection at all, and they knew it. For the most part, they kept any grumbling amongst themselves.
Most mundane troops, like the ones defending the city below, had little to nothing to protect them from the magical hazards of modern warfare. The Coalition simply didn’t have the resources to equip the entire army with enchantech gear, making elite units, like the 33rd, the exception rather than the rule. It was just one of many signs that things weren’t going well.
“Lieutenant?”
Lanis looked up to see the copilot standing in the doorway to the cockpit. He grabbed the overhead rail to keep his balance as the aircraft suddenly banked into a tight turn around a building. The powerful harmonics of the LAV’s engines gave his voice a strange reverberation, as though he were talking through a high-speed rotary fan.
“Delta zone LZ’s coming up in two minutes,” he said, “Still no contact with sector command.”
He paused as the LAV suddenly banked hard to avoid a burst of ground fire. Luminescent tracers zipped past the open doorway and several disconcerting dull thunks echoed through the bay as the craft's light armor stopped the apparently small-caliber mundane rounds. The door-gunner rattled off several bursts in response. As the ship leveled out the copilot continued, yelling over the noise.
“This area’s hot as hell, right now! We've got incursions all over the place and ‘ScryNet’s pegging Ned activity all up and down the front!
"It's a fraggin' rat's nest down there, Lieutenant! No telling what we're dropping you into!”
Neds. Lanis’s thoughts hung on the word. Ned was common soldier slang for Netherdragons, those sadistic wyrms from the world of Gnisis. Self-proclaimed overlords of the Imperium, they, and their enigmatic so-called emperor, the Shadowdragon, were responsible for this war--a war that raged for over fifty cycles and claimed or destroyed the lives of millions of Elandian inhabitants, as well as countless numbers of Imperium conscripts.
Lanis already knew that they were here. She could sense their magical channeling as clearly as she could smell the smoke from the burning city below. It was a foul, unnatural, sensation--pure evil, just like them.
Her hand slipped down to rest on the grip of her EP rifle.
The copilot continued. “We can’t stay at the LZ. ‘We get caught on the ground and none of us get home.”
Lanis nodded. “Understood.”
“We’ll circle the area as long as possible,” he added, “Just give a yell when you need a pickup.
“Good luck, Lieutenant!” He gave a quick salute then turned and ducked back through the hatch to the front of the craft.
Lanis pulled her V3-A EP rifle out of the long leather holster strapped to her right leg and gave the weapon a quick visual inspection. Similar in size to a standard carbine, the somewhat bulky Ethergenic Plasma rifle was a powerful BoosterTech weapon. Built around a modified K/F array, it was basically a magical transformer that amplified raw Vim into a physical state.
This unstable, quasi-magical plasma was then focused through alchemechanical compression lenses into narrow bolts. EP rifle bursts were extremely disruptive to magical matrices and could shred apart most wards and barriers with only a few shots. Their discordant magical harmonics were so powerful that even mundanes could hear them. The high-pitched squeal of EP rifles bolts had earned the weapon the nickname "Banshee", in part because it was often the last sound heard by its target.
Despite the Battlemancers' arsenal of enchantech-boosted channeling techniqs, the Banshee had become their most iconic weapon. Even the most arrogant Imperium netherdragon had learned to respect its terrifying, deathly, wail.
But using it came at a cost.
The high magical draw of an EP rifle could only be powered by the user channeling Vim into the weapon at the time of firing. While a skilled Battlemancer might be able to channel a portion of the energy from ambient Vim, the sheer volume needed in so short a time virtually required the firer to supply the majority of the energy. Essentially, in a sort of bizarre karmic irony, every time Lanis used the weapon, a small portion of her own life essence was burned away to power it. 
She ejected the Vimstone cartridge from the bottom of the weapon and slowly turned the small metal cylinder in her fingers. Inside the cartridge, suspended in an aerogel medium, was a tiny Vimstone, the key element in the booster's amplifying array. This particular 'stone was rated a D1, the lowest on the Dynardeval Scale, but plenty adequate for its purpose.
Lanis used her Vimsense to delve the harmonics of the ‘stone within, pushing a tiny amount of Vim into the stone as she listened to the sound of the resulting resonance. There were no noticeably discordant harmonics or obvious variances, which would indicate impurities within the ‘stone. That was important. EP rifles were particularly hard on 'stone cartridges, often getting only a few shots before burnout. A flawed or damaged ‘stone would more easily succumb to burnout, possibly failing at a critical moment or, worse, subjecting the user to amplified Backlash, the dangerous burst of uncontrolled Vim resulting from unfocused channeling.
Lanis reloaded the cartridge, then gently ran her hand down the side of the weapon. As her fingers moved along the worn and stained wooden stock, she silently counted the three distinct gouges carved into the wood. Each mark represented a single netherdragon kill. 
Neds were notoriously hard to bring down. Even specially trained and equipped Shiv Teams rarely did so, and seldom without casualties. Each of those kills had been hard-won by her squad, and each target had gone down fighting, taking several of her teammates with it. 
Her fingers lingered, momentarily, on the third mark. It was only two months old, and still looked fresh, just like the memories. She’d lost three men in that battle.
The marks were her reminder of what she was fighting for, and the cost. They meant more to her than any medal or merit she’d earned in her cycles of service. Each one carried a story that she hated to remember but would not dare to forget.
An uncomfortable knot of emotion welled up in her chest. She forced it back down with practiced determination.
Big girls don’t cry, right?
She holstered the EP rifle and looked around the craft's cargo bay at the other members of her squad. The more experienced ones had grown accustomed to her little ritual and knew that it was time for business.
Sergeant Randal Gray, her grizzled second in command, said nothing, but gave her a quick nod, then turned to the rest of the team and began shouting instructions. The other soldiers abruptly dropped their casual conversations and jumped into action, double-checking each other’s gear, loading weapons and focusing their minds on the mission at hand.
Lanis watched them, recommitting their faces to memory -- another of her personal pre-mission rituals.
There was Watts, the tall, dark-skinned native of southern Calandra. He had the most amazingly low voice, although he hardly seemed to talk unless he had something important to say. Lanis imagined that, in some other life, Watts might have been a singer, using that powerful bass to entertain rather than shout over the roar of battle.
Contrasting him was little Denio, the boisterous native of Hespira, a small town in Valdon. You’d never guess by his foul mouth that he hailed from one of the most religious cultures in the world. Maybe that's why he was here.
Lewis, the practical joker of the group, and the more subdued Lander, made quite the odd couple, having known each other for some time before joining the CAF. Both were from northern T’Lanth and their families had fled together when the Imperium invaded their homeland. A couple of refugee children who'd met on the road and stuck together ever since.
Specialist Abes was the team's sniper. He sat near the rear of the hopper, carefully cradling his cumbersome twenty millimet anti-tank rifle almost like it was a newborn child. He was always so serious about his work. While it was Lanis's job to break down a target dragon's defenses, it was usually Abes that got to make the kill with a carefully placed SCAM round. It was about the only time she'd known him to crack a smile.
Privates Holt and Carter, recent additions, rounded out the squad as cablers, whose dangerous but vital job was to pin down the target dragon using special Pilum rifles, firing armor-piercing barbs attached to magically reinforced wires.
Finally, there was Specialist Heiko, who served as both a cabler and the team’s medic. The little Meilanni girl was barely nineteen cycles old but she was a competent Medimancer--a channeler skilled in healing Techniqs. Medimancers were a rare luxury for field units and Lanis was extremely lucky to have her.
Shiv Team Nine had earned a reputation as one of the best dragon-hunting teams in the 33rd, a fact that made Lanis very proud. She had every intention of keeping it that way.
The other two hoppers in the formation each contained ten men -- Rangers from 8th Company who had been attached to Shiv Nine for this operation. Lanis had never worked with these particular squads before but CAF Rangers were considered to be almost on par with Corps troops in terms of competence, even rating runeboosted gear, when available. She had full confidence in their capabilities.
She only regretted that she hadn’t had time to meet them in the chaos leading up to the operation. She had always made a point of trying to learn at least something about the people under her command, even though her fellow officers had warned her against getting to familiar.
But, if she lost any of them, what would she use to remember? Some would say that she shouldn't even try. She silently prayed that she wouldn’t have to.
The door gunner perked up and began scanning the area for threats as the LAV decreased speed and descended toward the ground, the time when it would be most vulnerable. Lanis unhooked her seatbelt, stood up, and grabbed the handrail above her head. She pulled down her EVI goggles and leaned toward the door to get a clear view of the rapidly approaching ground.
Wisps of snow swirled in the stiff breeze that cut through the maze of deserted ruins, carrying the sounds of battle echoing back through the empty streets. Picturing the lines on the map, Lanis looked northward to where she estimated the current line of battle to be. Through the alchemechanical lenses of the "ee-vees" she could clearly see the streaks of light made by runeboosted munitions and the eerie flashes caused by spellshocks. This was definitely the place.
Looking back at the other hoppers, she could make out the Rangers lined up at the doors, waiting to leap out. She imagined that they, too, were anxious to get out of these big, flying, targets and down on the ground where there was some hard cover.
The hopper slowed to a stop about one met off the snowy ground and settled to a hover. Lanis could hear the squad behind her preparing to disembark. She took a deep breath of the frigid air and hopped down to the ground.
It was time to go to work.
***
Staff Sergeant Cory Westlan crouched behind a crumbling wall of stone and mortar as a hail of gunfire peppered the area above his head, showering him with flecks of rock and ice. He slapped a fresh thirty-round magazine into his Kovel assault rifle, cycled the action then took a few deep breaths as he waited for the enemy fire to abate.
As the sound of impacts died down, he snapped up into a firing position over the wall and quickly scanned the area for a target. There were certainly plenty to pick from. Several dozen Imp infantry were advancing toward his position, darting from cover to cover amongst the abandoned vehicles and piles of rubble as they moved up the street.
Westlan zeroed in on an enemy who was making a break through a gap in the cover. He fired a quick burst, sending up small plumes of dirt and snow around his target, who stumbled behind a debris pile and disappeared. Westlan immediately ducked back as another volley of enemy fire erupted around him.
This had been the story all morning. No sooner had the city's defensive barriers dropped, Imperium troops had advanced into the city; moving block by block toward the main reactor complex. The last order his unit had received was a general order for all troops to hold position for as long as possible, giving time for the reactor 'stones to be removed for transport. It had started out as a reasonably organized fighting withdrawal. But it wasn't long before it devolved into a near rout as the Imps steamrolled their way in, supported by those blasted Neds and their magic--pretty much flattening everything in their way.
Rumor was that an Arcane Corps airdrop battalion was defending the reactor complex. Typical ARCHie bastards, standing around looking all pretty in their enchantech gear, and leaving the mundanes out here to slow down the Imperium’s advance. Westlan didn't really want to believe it, at first. But the more he considered his current predicament, the more irritated he got at the mere thought of it.
His unit had started out with almost sixty men. Of that, maybe half were still alive, and a good number of those were in bad shape. They’d been pushed out of their defensive line by the Imps' first major push and had slowly retreated nearly a full kilomet in the hour since.
An enemy recoiless had killed Lieutenant Stavel and the EComm operator during the opening assault and about ten more went down before Westlan was finally able to rally the unit enough for a withdrawal. They’d dealt some hurt to the Imps along the way, but it had cost them. Their path was littered with enemy bodies and no small number of their own comrades. His dwindling unit was running low ammunition and there had yet been no sign of reinforcements. Nerves were frayed and morale was getting thin.
He glanced down the short, forty-met long wall where the survivors had taken cover and were attempting to lay down suppressive fire on the encroaching enemies. Nearby his medic frantically tried to patch up the wounded enough to allow them to be moved. Before long, Westlan would be forced to call a full retreat and without Comms, he wasn’t even sure what the next rally point was. As far as he knew, his unit was the only one left in the sector. The whole situation was quickly going from bad to worse.
Westlan shuffled along the wall toward a small cluster of his men, keeping low to avoid drawing enemy fire. He stopped and kneeled next to private Vicks, who was curled up with his back against the stone as a hail of fire pelted the wall just over his head. A few mets away, Wertz was laying down a steady suppressing fire with his belt-fed light machine gun; all the while bellowing an endless stream of expletives, which, of course, the enemy couldn’t have heard over his fire anyway.
Westlan tapped Vicks on the shoulder, startling the young private, who glanced back at him, his dirty face reddened by cold and his breath coming out in rapid puffs of frozen vapor. The kid looked pretty rough, but put up a determined expression. Westlan leaned in so he could be heard over the roar of the LMG.
“We can’t stay here!”
Vicks nodded an affirmative, whether in understanding or agreement Westlan couldn't tell. Westlan pointed down the street behind their position, using hand gestures to clarify his orders.
“I want everyone to fall back in pairs!  Take cover in the structures… regroup on 21st street!
“Pass the word!” he said with a quick pat on the soldier’s back. “Go!”
“Yes, Sergeant!” Vicks yelled back, then scurried down the line to inform the rest of the unit.
Westlan watched the kid run off then turned around to take position at the wall. Suddenly, the enemy fire trailed off and an eerie silence settled over the area. Westlan was about to peek over the wall when he heard a sound that sent a shiver up his spine. The high-pitched, rapid tittering seemed to echo in his head more than his ears. There was only one creature that made a sound like it.
Eth-Hounds.
The canine-like creatures were not native to Elandis, having been brought from the Netherdragons' home world of Gnisis. The Imperium Legions used the beasts as hunters and sentries, occasionally unleashing them in packs to cause chaos among dug in defenders. 
Well-adapted to their dark home world, the eyeless creatures hunted by means of etheric echolocation, the source of their disturbing screeches. It was this unusual perception, rivaled only by netherdragon Vimsense, which allowed Eth-hounds to literally sniff out the auras of living prey. Short of being dead--there was practically no way a person could hide from them.
Far more disturbing, however, was their preference for devouring the actual life force of their prey. Their silvery teeth and claws somehow had the ability to ravage both physical matter and pure essence, allowing them to chew their way right through magical wards. Eth-Hound wounds were devastating to a victim's body and aura, making them difficult for even an experienced Medimancer to heal. Short of a netherdragon, there were few threats more terrifying for an infantryman to face on the battlefield.
“Eth Hounds!” Wertz yelled as he frantically turned and laid down sustained fire in a new direction.
Westlan glanced over the wall to see about ten of the grayish-black creatures leaping over and around debris piles in a single-minded charge toward his unit’s meager defense line. Their eyeless faces were covered in bony plates and their lips parted back to bare the silvery sheen of their deadly teeth. Their shrieking filled the air, even over the deafening roar of Wertz’s near-constant MG fire.
As Wertz stopped to reload, Westlan took a firing position over the wall to give him cover. He zeroed in on the closest hound as it bounded over an old vehicle wreck and turned to focus directly on him. His initial burst missed to the left as the creature quickly closed the distance, so focused on its prey that it seemed oblivious to the danger.
Westlan adjusted his aim and fired again. Misty spurts of blood spattered the snow as the rounds found gaps in the hound's bony hide. The beast emitted an ear-splitting wail as it tumbled headlong up to the base of the wall, where it flailed wildly as it struggled to get back to its feet.
Westlan leaned over the wall and emptied the rifle’s remaining rounds into the creature at point blank range. Cursing, he slid back and reached toward his belt and pulled out a fresh clip. But as his cold, panicked fingers fumbled to reload his weapon, he glanced up to see another of the beasts clear the end of the wall, slip on the frozen ground, then scramble back to its feet heading straight towards him.
Westlan had only seconds to react. He dropped the magazine and flipped the rifle around, his only recourse now being to use the weapon as a club. He pulled back to swing just as the hound leapt toward him.
Westlan fell back, expecting to roll with the impact. Instead, the air between him and the beast seemed to shimmer slightly as the hound struck some sort of invisible barrier that knocked it back to the ground, slightly stunned. It quickly twisted back to its feet and threw itself at the barrier in a rabid frenzy.
Westlan scampered back as the creature repeatedly thrashed against the shield, its claws and teeth creating faint, blue ripples as they gouged into the magic as the monster frantically attempted to reach the prey beyond.
Suddenly, a high-pitched squeal filled the air and the hound’s upper body exploded in a shower of gore that spewed across the wall. Its hindquarters dropped to the ground, twitching amongst a pile of twisted, bloody, remains.
Westlan recognized the infamous wail of a “Banshee” EP rifle, although he could scarcely believe he’d heard it. He looked toward the direction of the sound. Standing atop a mound of rubble about twenty mets away was what could only be a Coalition Battlemancer.
She was clad in flat gray runic armor over heavy winter fatigues. Her hood was pulled up and a bulky pair of EVI goggles covered her eyes. She was holding the EP rifle to her shoulder in a firing stance, its barrel emitting a small wisp of smoke.
She gave a quick hand signal and several squads of Arcane Corps marines and Rangers wearing heavy REBAr charged around the mound with rifles at the ready.
***
Lanis mentally prepared another barrier techniq and began “folding” the matrix into her booster to give it added power.
She'd have to be more a bit more careful next time. That etheric ebb had nearly crashed her last techniq, and that Eth-hound came dangerously close to breaking through it. It must have been that soldier's lucky day. 
She should have known better, considering the conditions. 
According to her Vimsense, the ambient magic in this area was in a heavy state of flux. The unpredictable Vim levels were going to wreak havoc with her Enchantech gear and make channeling difficult.
Such disturbances were not uncommon in modern warfare, where the high number of spellshocks and the discordant blasts of antimagic weapons tended to churn the Etherum into a froth of magical surges. Sometimes, the disruptions would become so severe that they would manifest in the physical world, resulting in large storms laced with bursts of etheric lightning. In such conditions, channeling ambient Vim could become extremely unpredictable--even dangerous.
Lanis focused on the patterns of the Etherum, trying to ascertain the extent of the disruption. Another ebb rolled through, temporarily dropping the ambient Vim level before rising yet again. She'd seen worse, but she'd need to keep an eye on it.
As a battlemancer, she’d been trained to channel Techniqs under such conditions. Her only concern was that, if the ambient levels dropped too much, the hoppers wouldn't be able to get in to pick up her team. Being stranded out here in a dead zone did not appeal to her in the least. Best not to hang around too long.
She keyed her EComm as she strode down the hill.
“Squads two and three, take down the hounds and form a firing line!” she yelled as she fired an EP burst that shredded another of the creatures, leaving nothing but a shuddering, bloody heap in the snow.
Her team advanced to the wall, adding their fire to that of the beleaguered garrison troops. Most of the Eth-Hounds quickly dropped in the deadly crossfire--but not all.
One of the creatures somehow managed to slip through the killing zone and bound over the wall, single-mindedly tackling one of the garrison soldiers to the ground, where it began mauling him ferociously. The man screamed in terror and pain as the beast's deadly claws slashed through his armor, digging deep rents into both his flesh and aura.
Watts saw the man go down and sprinted toward him, activating the strength-enhancement schema of his armor as he ran. The beast glanced up just as Watt's threw a hard front kick to its ribs that launched the creature hard into the wall behind it. Watts leveled his rifle and emptied nearly a full magazine into the beast before the thing finally quit thrashing. He yelled for a medic as he reloaded, then knelt down to reassure the trembling soldier.
Lanis ran forward and knelt down at the wall next to a Staff Sergeant who appeared to be the ranking soldier in what remained of his unit. She peeked up over the edge of the wall and made a quick survey of the situation. 
The sensitive ERIS lenses of her EVI goggles easily cut through the smoke and blowing snow, revealing an undulating sea of light and shadow as they converted the invisible magical harmonics of the Etherum into the visible light spectrum. Occasional bursts indicated nearby magical spellshocks while the bright trails of rune-boosted munitions streaked through the darkness.
Out of the filtered haze of ambient magical energy emerged the faintly visible auras of almost three-dozen essence signatures slowly advancing toward her position. The Imp troops were approaching in small groups, using the rubble in the street to cover their movement, for what little good it did them. A number of the enemy soldiers were sporting rune-boosted armor and weapons, their complex etheric halos clearly indicated on the EVI display. Lanis uttered an irritated growl as she recognized the familiar schemata of Coalition-style enhanced armor.
"Shards," she grumbled as she crouched back behind the wall and clicked her EComm.
“Thirty-plus boosted scripties approaching in staggered formation!” she said, “Shiv Nine with me! Switch JAMs! Rangers, hold the line!"
She lifted her goggles and glanced, almost dismissively, at Westlan.
“Sheryl Lanis, 33rd Arcane," she said succinctly.
“Cory Westlan, 212th,” he replied, unsure how to read her tone.
Westlan had heard his share of rumors about Arcane Corps troops, battlemancers, in particular--arrogant elitists who thought their fancy enchantech and runeboosted gear made them special. While Westlan generally dismissed those stories as overblown soldiers’ yarns laced with a bit of envy, he wan't too surprised at how, after less than a minute on the scene, this ARCHie channeler had pretty much taken full command of the situation. In different circumstances, he might have been offended.
The simple fact was that she outranked him and had every right to take command. Heck, the thunderbolt logo on her collar would give her authority over anybody short of a Brigadier, if she chose to exercise it. For his part, Westlan was just glad the rumors he'd heard had been untrue. It was nice to have some backup.
He snatched the magazine from where he'd dropped it.
"Thank the Sovereigns you showed up, Lieutenant. We’re getting shredded out here," he said, tapping the snow out of the magazine before loading it into his rifle. "My Comms have been out. What’s the situation?”
Lanis glanced over the wall at the sound of a grenade exploding up the street, then turned back to Westlan with a impatient glare.
“Listen, this sector’s rolling up fast,” she said, “We don’t have much time.
“Evac hoppers from the Landry are standing by. Get your wounded ready to move and we’ll cover you.”
That time Westlan felt a little kick to his pride.
"With all respect Lieutenant, we still have some fight left…”
"MOVE!" Lanis yelled emphatically, startling the young sergeant a bit.
Suddenly her expression changed to one of surprise.
"Shards!" she blurted out as she turned and grabbed Westlan by the collar of his armor vest. Without explanation, she yanked him to the ground and huddled over him an instant before the wall next to them exploded, engulfing them both in a shower of snow and dust.
Lanis instantly turned and pulled her EP rifle to her shoulder even before the debris had slid off the spherical surface of her hastily channeled barrier. Blue-green bolts of ethergenic plasma illuminated the cloud of dusty snow as she fired a long burst at a pair of scripties that were charging toward the breach. Distorted ripples and showers of bluish sparks obscured the two men as the magical bolts shredded apart their armors’ ward schemata and dropped them mid-stride.
The attack sparked a full-on engagement, and the air was immediately filled with the sound of automatic gunfire as both forces opened up. Rune-boosted rounds zipped through the air, kicking up plumes of snow and exploding into showers of blue and red sparks as they ricocheted in random directions off the barrier. Westlan flinched as one of the rounds penetrated the shield, impacting just centimets from his hand.
The startling sensation of a round glancing off of her body armor did a lot to help Lanis shake off the residual dizziness of firing the Banshee. She grabbed Westlan, and with a quick tap on the schemata of her left bracer, she activated the strength enhancement of her armor and yanked the young sergeant out of the exposed gap and back to the relative safety of the remaining wall.
At that moment, the rest of her team arrived and dug in, taking turns laying down bursts of suppressing fire at the enemy. Gray hunkered down next to Lanis. He winced just slightly as a burst spattered the wall above his head then glanced up with a wry twist of his mouth.
"What's the word, Chief?" he asked as he yanked the standard magazine from his rifle and replaced it with a blue-striped one containing jacketed-anti-magic rounds.
Lanis turned to face him.
“D formation. We'll take them straight on.”
She looked over at Abes, who was crouched nearby with the heavy ATR leveled across his knees.
"Abes, you're my angel," she said with a wink.
The stone-faced sniper acknowledged the order with a quick nod, then scurried off to find a suitable overwatch position.
Lanis turned her attention to the Rangers who had taken position further up the wall.
“Shaeffer!”
Sergeant Shaeffer, the leader of third squad, glanced up then quickly shuffled along the wall in a low crouch, ducking repeatedly as the Imps took shots at his head.
“L.T.?”
Lanis switched her attention between him and the battle as she yelled out orders over the noise.
“We can’t hold here! Form up a detail to get these wounded out! Second squad will secure an LZ and call in the hoppers! We'll cover you!”
She pointed at Westlan.
"Westlan, right?" she asked, not waiting for a response, “Every able body you have left is on stretcher duty!"
Westlan started to protest, but quickly thought the better of it.
"Yes, Lieutenant," he replied, a bit sullenly.
Shaeffer gave the younger non-comm a pat on the shoulder.
"C'mon, let's get your boys out of here," he said with a smile.
Westlan nodded and the two headed off toward the rest of the unit.
Lanis watched them go, and content that at least that part of the mission was in hand, she turned her mind fully to blunting this little Imp probing attack.
She hesitated briefly as another wave of etheric distortion flowed over the area, reminding her that time was not on her side. Ignoring the tiny voice in her head urging caution, she channeled a reinforced barrier techniq and gave her team the signal to move out.
Triggering the techniq, she boldly hopped over the wall and advanced at a quick pace with her EP rifle at the ready. Her team followed behind, staying in a well-practiced formation that kept them behind both her and her magical wall of compressed force.
Tempted by such an obvious target, the Imps unleashed a withering fire at the approaching team. Lanis' shield was riddled with visible distortions as the hail of lead poured in. Red-orange sparks splattered off the barrier's surface as the impacting rounds melted under the thermal transfer of their own kinetic energy, sending steaming blobs of molten lead raining down into the snow. The occasional loud crack and hazy, blue flashes indicated that at least a few of the rounds were JAMs. Lanis made sure to pay close attention to the harmonics of her booster as it the barrier matrix took repeated jolts of magic-disrupting energy.
Impressive as it appeared, the small arms fire was not really much of a threat. But the two men setting up for a shot with a recoilless rifle from the cover of a nearby doorway were another matter. Lanis caught sight of the men just as they were preparing to fire. The barrier might stop the anti-tank round but the shrapnel and concussion would definitely get through.
Just as Lanis was about to give the order to take cover, the head of the soldier aiming the weapon burst apart, showering his comrade with a fine red mist. The second man dropped the round he was holding and ducked back into the dark recesses of the doorway. It was doubtful that he would be poking his head out again any time soon.
"Nice shot, Abes," Lanis whispered, then turned her attention to the small group of scripties that had taken up position behind some overturned vehicle wrecks about sixty mets up the street. She took a few snap shots with the Banshee to keep the enemy’s heads down and, with a quick series of hand signals, indicated her intentions to the rest of the team.
Her barrier was beginning to weaken under the assault as Lanis reached a large pile of debris that would provide her unit with adequate defilade from the enemy line of fire. They'd advanced a good thirty mets, putting them in a decent position for the next part of her plan, as soon as she came up with one. Pointing toward the rubble, she flashed her team the signal to take to ground.
Once her teammates were safely out of the line of fire, she took a few more shots at the enemy with the Banshee, then dropped the barrier and took cover alongside her team. She took a moment to catch her breath and assess the situation.
The main group of enemies were entrenched about thirty mets away and tucked nicely behind the rusted shell of an abandoned vehicle that lay half-buried in bricks and snow. From the relative safety of their position, they were taking turns popping out and laying down suppressing fire, providing cover for several of their comrades who were advancing up the other side of the street in an attempt to flank the CAF troops at the wall.
Lanis had no intention of getting pinned down and losing the initiative. Revising her original plan, she gave her team the signal to activate their EVI's and began to channel an amplified force strike techniq into her Booster.
Semi-jokingly called "the hammer" by Corps Battlemancers, the force strike was a powerful, but unfocused techniq. Easy to channel and amenable to boosting, it was a quick and dirty means of causing a lot of damage, as long as you weren't too concerned about subtlety or accuracy.
Unfortunately, properly kitted REBAr would negate most of the direct effect of the blast, making the techniq little more than a distraction to rune-boosted troops, like the scripties up the street. In this case, Lanis had a slightly different use in mind.
She flashed another signal to her team, then rolled out from cover, immediately directing the amplified force techniq toward the enemy. The shockwave from the blast stirred up a blinding cloud of snow and light debris ahead of it as it roared down the street. With a crash that sounded like a truck being dropped off a building, the raw force sheared through the enemy’s cover, showering them with shards of brick and metal shrapnel with the force of a fragmentation mine. 
As Lanis expected, the actual damage to the troops was minimal. An unlucky few dropped from shrapnel wounds, but most were simply knocked back by the concussion.
But mitigating such a broad attack had engaged the full suite of their armor's defensive wards, which was what Lanis wanted. Stunned and stripped of their cover, the enemy soldiers scrambled away, unaware that the defensive schemata that had just saved their lives were now betraying them.
Obscured by the cloud of dust and snow and using their EVI's to full advantage, the members of Shiv Nine broke cover and laid down a fierce volley of fire, focusing on the clearly illuminated schema of the enemy's armor.
Two of the fleeing scripties instantly dropped in a storm of hazy blue distortions as the antimagic JAM rounds ripped apart the remains of their temporarily weakened wards. A few managed to fire back blindly as they ran, hoping to discourage pursuit.
In the crossfire, Lewis suddenly took a hit that sent him stumbling backward in a brief flash of etheric sparks. Lander quickly ran up and pulled the cursing soldier out of the line of fire as Denio and Demas stepped up to provide some covering fire.
Heiko reacted quickly, braving the random enemy fire as she scurried to Lewis's side and began to check out his condition.
“I’m good! I’m good!” he yelled, pointing at the sizzling round imbedded in his chest plate, where it had come mere millimets from penetrating. He shot a relieved grin at Lander and Heiko as they pulled him back to his feet.
Lanis ejected the burnt out Vimstones from her booster and loaded a fresh set as she advanced through a haze of windblown snow toward the remains of the enemy position.
Suddenly, an enemy soldier revealed himself from behind cover and unleashed a poorly aimed burst in her direction. Lanis reacted instinctively, ducking for the cover of some nearby rubble as the rounds churned up the ground around her. She felt several light impacts across her back and shoulder as she spun out of the line of fire but the rounds failed to penetrate her warded armor. Apparently, her attacker didn’t realize that, and the thought of taking down an enemy battlemancer was just too much for his ego to resist. He broke cover and pursued.
His mistake.
Lanis rolled back around and brought her EP rifle to bear, taking aim at the exposed enemy as she channeled Vim into the weapon. The pulses of ethergenic plasma caught the surprised soldier across the chest, searing straight through armor and flesh in a splash of blue-green energy that sent him reeling back into a nearby wall.
Lanis got to her feet and advanced, keeping her weapon trained on the downed soldier as she approached. She took cover behind another nearby pile of rubble and glanced back at the body, finally getting her first decent look at the enemy.
He was clad in T’Lanthan styled body armor and the remnants of a partially scrapped off unit insignia on his chest plate confirmed Lanis's earlier suspicions. This soldier had belonged to a Salceian provincial defense unit. Salceia was one of the central T’Lanthan provinces that had surrendered to the Imperium a few cycles ago.
Apparenty this guy forgot to read the fine print in the Imperium's "peace treaty." Lanis almost felt sorry for him.
Almost.
So the Imps were forcing the traitorist units in first to soak up losses and probe out weaknesses in the Coalition lines. It was typical of Imperium tactics, and if true to form, a larger force should be following on the heels of the conscripts to take advantage of any openings.
That meant that there was probably an Imp Legion not far off. One Shiv Team and a handful of Rangers weren't going to do much against a concentrated assault by a force that size, unless…
Lanis suddenly got an idea.
She concentrated her Vimsense, trying to sort through the chaos of overlapping spell harmonics and the wailing of ethergenic weapons that echoed across the battlefield. The effects of the disrupted zone muted and jumbled the harmonics, but mixed within the tumultuous noise she managed to isolate what she was looking for--the distinctive, sickening spellshocks of netherdragon channeling.
As she thought, a Netherdragon was leading the main assault force. It was fairly typical of them--arrogant bastards that they were. What did surprise her was how close the shocks actually were. A little too close, in fact.
How had she not noticed before?
A wave of anxiety and apprehension washed over her as she realized her mistake. The disrupted zone was distorting the spellshocks, effectively masking the dragon's channeling.
It was careless on her part, once again not accounting for the effects of the DZ. The only consolation was that it worked both ways. Otherwise, the Ned might have homed in on her channeling as well.
Of course, there was still no guarantee that he hadn't. Netherdragon Vimsense was terrifyingly accurate. It was even theorized that they could sense the minor harmonics of a living creature's aura, something even the most skilled human 'sensitives couldn't do without the help of detection techniqs or special enchantech sensors.
She tuned her senses back to the Etherum, listening for any sign that the Ned, and his presumed assault force, might be headed their way. Now knowing what to listen for, she zeroed in on the spellshocks almost instantly. To her relief, they were still at least a kilomet away. Their frequency suggested that the dragon was in combat, probably with another garrison unit--as she detected no signs of human channeling that might indicate that another Shiv Team had engaged the creature.
The idea of that monster blithely carving its way through effectively defenseless garrison troops turned her stomach. Unexpectedly, old and eerily similar feelings bubbled up from the depths of her memories, and, for just a moment, a sense of fear and claustrophobia welled up inside her. With practiced determination, she pushed it back down, chastising herself for the brief moment of weakness. Her anxiety quickly turned to anger and, in that instant, she made a decision.
She was so absorbed in her thoughts that she was a little startled when Gray suddenly took cover next to her.
"They're pulling back, Chief," he said, his breath forming dense puffs of mist, "Looks like that techniq took the fight out of 'em."
Lanis peeked around the edge of the pile and put her mind back to the situation at hand. Sure enough, the enemy units were scattering back into the maze of rubble to the northeast, apparently having had enough for now.
Inevitably, an Imperial Legionary unit would gather them up and drive them back into the fight. Scriptie morale tended to be fairly fragile, but fear could be a powerful motivator.
Gray did a quick inventory of his remaining ammo. "So what now? We bugging out?"
Another wave of subdued ambient Vim rolled through the area and Lanis clearly noted the wards of her armor struggling to remain active. She considered her plan--weighed the risks. Through the haze of magical distortion, she again felt the disturbing sensation of a Ned spellshock.
"No," she said as she stood up and headed back toward the cluster of Rangers and CAF troops at the wall. "Form up the unit and tell them to prep for a hunt."
Gray started to follow but hesitated at the last part. He eyed her carefully for just a second, then ran to catch up before she reached the rest of the squad.
"You picked up a Ned," he said. It wasn't a question.
"Yeah.
"Almost missed him in all the distortion," she replied, her frustration apparent, "but he's here."
"And you plan to take him on--in this?" Gray said, glancing around at the heavily falling snow.
"Yes. The visibility and the DZ will give us an edge."
Gray sighed.
"Maybe. But we're not really out here to take on Neds this time, Chief," he said, trying very hard not to sound insubordinate. He'd always been allowed to speak his mind with her, up to a point.
She stopped suddenly and turned to face him, her expression hard. Might have just passed that point.
"We're out here to buy time," she said, "That Ned is probably leading the assault on this sector. Taking him down will disrupt their advance.
She paused to let him consider the argument.
"You disagree?"
Gray thought it was a stretch, but he refrained from saying so, knowing full well that his opinion didn't really matter at this point.
Lanis started to walk away.
Gray had to admit that there was a certain logic to what she was saying but something still felt wrong about it. Even for a trained Shiv Team, extemporaneously attacking a Ned was inviting disaster. Well-planned ambushes were the preferred tactic, and seldom successful.
Besides, there were the casualties to evac and who knew when the withdrawal order would come down. All things considered, to him at least, this seemed like a questionable risk.
And it was that questioning, more than anything, that made him uncomfortable.
Lanis had always taken risks engaging Neds. That was part of the job, and she did it well. Some of the guys in the 33rd called her the Widowmaker because she'd had a lot of casualties in her squad over the cycles. They claimed that she didn't care about the soldiers in her unit, which was utter rubbish, as far as Gray was concerned. You didn't hunt Neds without expecting losses and he'd witnessed the lengths to which the Chief went to protect her squadmates. He'd also seen her reaction to casualties and it was anything but callous.
She was a hard one, no doubt about it, but she cared, a lot more than she got credit for. Maybe she was driven, but Gray never considered her reckless. But now, a tiny part of him started to wonder.
To his dismay, that tiny voice somehow bypassed his common sense and went straight to his mouth.
"And that’s it?" he blurted out, regretting the words before he even finished saying them.
Lanis stopped, and though she didn't look back at him, he could tell that she sensed the implications in his tone. Gray feared that he might have crossed a line.
"We're Shiv Nine," she said, "It's what we do."
She glanced back and, to Gray's surprised relief; a slight grin creased the corner of her mouth. "You're not afraid of one little Ned, are you?"
He wasn't afraid -- at least no more than any sensible person would be at the thought of taking on a dragon. He still had concerns, but he also had faith in the Chief. That was going to have to be enough.
He took a deep breath, smiled, and shook his head.
"No, ma'am." He thoughtfully looked around. "Hell of a place to die, though."
"Then let's make sure we don't," she said, "Let's go."
As they approached the rest of the unit, Shaeffer walked up and snapped a salute.
"Situation secured, ma'am," he reported. "We had a couple of casualties, nothing too serious but my squad is down to eight.
"The wounded are prepped and as ready as we're gonna get 'em.
"EComms are still no good--just a mix of cross-chatter and a lot of distortion. Still no contact with sector command."
Lanis nodded, not really surprised. "This area's heavily disrupted," she said, "Comms are pretty much out until it blows over. We'll need to get clear of the DZ to call in the hoppers."
Shaeffer nodded. "Right. My team can take point. I recommend we head southeast. Looks to be the clearest route."
Lanis shook her head.
"Change of plans," she said, "Second squad will take care of the wounded. Your squad's with me."
"Yes ma'am," Shaeffer responded, a bit confused, "What's the plan?"
"Your squad trained at Fort Colvin, right?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"Anti-dragon tactics?"
The sergeant's expression dropped slightly. "Yeah, just the primer they give you in Basic."
Lanis nodded. "It'll have to do. Load up JAMs. Your squad's got suppression duty."
She headed over to speak with the leader of second squad, leaving Shaeffer with a head full of questions.
Gray began to walk away but Shaeffer reached out and grabbed his arm.
"Is she serious?" he asked quietly.
Gray simply nodded.
Shaeffer released Gray's arm and let out a short sigh. "We didn't exactly sign up for that."
Gray patted the fellow sergeant on the shoulder and chuckled a bit. "I know the feeling, my friend.
"I hope you wore you thermal underwear," he added as he walked away.
Shaeffer couldn't tell from his tone if he was joking or not.


THREE

Redoubt Montrey
Uregard, Northern Calandra
3 Ii’Laan, 1394

Using a combination of her Vimsense and the image from her EVI's, Lanis led her team through the maze of backstreets toward her best guess at the Ned's location. The conditions made magical senses difficult to use, and, without visual confirmation, it was impossible to tell for certain where the creature might be.
But Lanis had a special knack for sensing out Neds. She knew that he was here, and she knew that he was close.
She stopped at the end of the alley and took a quick glance around. The street was littered with bodies and the burning remains of several vehicles. At first glance, it appeared like any of a number of streets in Montrey, littered with the aftermath of battle. But to the trained eye, there were differences. Lanis was certain that this was the place and something in her gut told her that, despite appearances, this party wasn't over.
She gave her team the signal to advance and they filed out into the street with weapons at the ready. Lanis followed behind, focusing on her Vimsense for any indication that the Ned might be nearby.
Gray kneeled down and inspected one of the bodies. The corpse was riddled with tiny shards of ice and covered in a thin layer of frost.
"Breath attack," he said, wiping away some of the ice to reveal the slain soldier's mundane body armor. He looked around at the large number of similar bodies and shook his head. "Poor bastards didn't have a chance."
Netherdragon breath attacks were one of the worst things an unprotected infantryman had to face. Warped by the magical aura of their home world, the netherdragons' deadly freezing breath was laced with tiny razor-sharp frozen slivers that could shred through exposed flesh like high-speed ice flachettes. Even on a battlefield full of magical threats, it was a bad way to go.
Gray stood back up. "Well, he was definitely here."
"So, where is it?" blurted out one of the Rangers, the tension getting the better of him.
Shaeffer shot the soldier a look that seemed to make him relax a bit, but it was obvious that the situation had his men a little rattled.
Lanis ignored the exchange and focused her attention northward. Her E-V's showed nothing more than the shifting currents of the Etherum but her instincts told her that something was coming.
She felt a sudden, massive draw of ambient Vim an instant before the sound of heavy cannon fire echoed through the streets, followed by a loud, screeching roar. The sound drew everyone's attention to the intersection northwest of the group’s position.
Seconds later, there was a second thunderous crash and a "Vargil" heavy crawler cartwheeled into view, spinning and tumbling along the ground until it finally came to rest partially embedded in side of a building. The team collectively stared in stunned silence until the sixty-ton vehicle suddenly exploded from internal ammunition cook-off, forcing everyone to duck for cover.
Lanis stood up and readied her EP rifle.
"There he is."
Practically on cue, the netherdragon marched into the intersection. He stopped to assess the smoking remains of the destroyed crawler, then began casually scanning for more targets.
Standing on his hind legs, he was nearly twelve mets tall at the shoulder--towering over the seemingly tiny humans in the street below. His matte black and gray scales were woven tightly over a lean, almost gaunt, frame. Bony spines projected along his neck, down his back, and nearly to the end of his tail. His leathery wings, tucked loosely behind his back, trembled with excitement.
Lanis had fought netherdragons before, and while she certainly gave them due respect, she didn't fear them. But standing here now, it took all of her well-practiced composure to subdue the feeling of dread that clutched at her heart. This was no ordinary Ned.
She glanced at Gray, noting by his uncomfortable expression that he was thinking the same thing that she was.
"Stalker," she muttered with a frustrated sigh.
Stalker was the CAF designation for Imperial Talons, the Shadowdragon's elite mechanically enhanced netherdragon shock troopers. Created via dark technosorcery and driven nearly insane by extreme biomagical rejection, the twisted monstrosities were feared and shunned by all living things, even their own kind. Their only purpose for existence was to destroy the enemies of their emperor or die in the attempt--a task for which they were very well equipped.
Cybernetik enhancements, magically implanted through an imperfect biomantic process known as spellwiring, poked through the stalker's skin in several places. Wires and tubing, tangled with partially exposed muscle and sinew, almost made him appear as though parts of him had been turned inside out.
His arms, upper legs, and torso were clad in the Talons' distinctive black and gold armor, which was heavily imbued with a complex array of defensive wards. Around his waist were several thick leather belts that dangled with battle trophies--weapons, scraps of armor, and bones representing victims from an unknown number of different worlds, including this one. Beside the macabre collection hung a long scabbard containing the Stalker's signature weapon--a three met long double-edged blade of alchemical steel, serrated on the trailing edge and enhanced with powerful draconic runes.
His long neck twisted around slowly as he scanned the surroundings. Netherdragon eyesight was weak in daylight, being far better suited to the dim environment of their homeworld. To compensate, their Vimsense was incredibly acute, allowing them to hear the auras of living beings in a way similar to Eth-Hounds. It was practically impossible to hide from a Netherdragon without the use of complicated inversion magic to mask one's aura. Spread out in the open street, Lanis's team had no chance of avoiding detection.
The stalker turned to face the humans and let out a hiss that crackled like breaking ice and sent wisps of super chilled mist swirling from his nostrils.
Slowly and deliberately, he drew his weapon from its scabbard. The jagged runes along the blade pulsed with a dull red-orange glow as though the weapon itself hungered for blood. Then, uttering a low growl, the Stalker advanced at a measured pace, each gigantic step sending a shudder through the ground as he approached.
Lanis knew that it was too late to retreat. Stalkers were utterly relentless. Any attempt to escape would merely lead him right to the hoppers. She had to kill him here, or at least keep his attention diverted from the overall battle for as long as she could.
Without hesitation, she signaled her unit to engage. The members of her team, per their training, reacted instantly, spreading out in a practiced and planned assault formation.
Awed by the terrifying sight before them, the Rangers hesitated, unsure of what to do.
"Shaeffer!" Lanis yelled at the stupifed sergeant, "Suppression fire, now!"
The order seemed to snap him out of the trance. With a quick nod, he turned around and rallied his squad. They moved forward, laying down a steady crossfire as they spread out, darting from cover to cover in their best attempt to confuse the creature. The dragon’s defensive wards rippled visibly under the hail of antimagic rounds, lighting him up in a dazzling display of sparks.
Almost immediately, explosions began erupting all around the area as the Stalker unleashed a volley of magical attacks. Debris rained down from multiple blasts while magical flames licked at the heels of the constantly displacing soldiers. It was as though an entire two-block radius had suddenly just transformed into hell itself.
Lanis sprinted along the left side of the street, bounding over small obstacles and weaving around the larger ones as she rapidly closed the range. As she ran, she began folding a spellbreaker techniq into her Booster, drawing purely on ambient Vim to power it, and making no effort to conceal her channeling. She counted on the dragon sensing the buildup of magical energy, hoping that it might draw its attention away from the rest of her unit, allowing them to prepare for the next stage of the attack.
The techniq’s harmonics raised in pitch as she channeled increasingly more Vim into the matrix, all the while hoping that the local etheric distortion didn’t cause the techniq to fail before she could release it.
Behind her, Gray did his best go keep up, bellowing orders as he ran.
“Cable team, get your arses in position!” he yelled as he jumped and slid across the hood of a wrecked vehicle, barely slowing his pace.
“Wait for the Chief to drop his barriers, then give him hell!
"Abes, get that ATR in position!”
Abes had already broken off from the rest of the group and taken cover behind a large pile of broken concrete near the side of the street. He leveled the ATR in a firing position that gave him a clear view of the target roughly eighty mets up the street. He pulled back the heavy bolt of the rifle and let it loose with a loud clunk, loading a deadly twenty millimet SCAM round into the breech.
Solid-Core-Anti-Magic rounds could punch through a light armored vehicle like a hot knife through lard, but they still couldn't pierce dragon wards without a little help. All Abes needed was for the Chief to weaken those wards for a second and he could put a hole the size of a melon through any part of that monster that he wanted.
“ATR ready,” he reported as he lined up his sights on the massive target and tried to relax into a comfortable firing position.
***
Lanis slid to a stop, leaning back just in time to avoid an enormous chunk of flying concrete as it tumbled by and shattered through the first-floor windows of a nearby building. Mumbling a short adage about luck, she turned her attention back to the Stalker looming some forty mets away.
Shaeffer's team was pulling back as the Stalker advanced, laying down harassing fire, which was doing little, if any, damage. One of the Rangers waited a bit too long before attempting to displace to a better position. The Stalker didn’t even slow his stride as he swung his massive sword in a low, backhanded arc, catching the fleeing soldier from behind. The force of the impact sent the limp body wheeling through the air over ten mets until it slammed into a wall with a sickening, wet crunch. The dragon ignored the twitching body as he marched by, turning his attention to the cluster of men that were peppering him with their feeble anti-magic projectiles.
As Lanis watched the one-sided engagement playing out, she suddenly heard the distinctive harmonics of magical channeling.
“Shaeffer, pull out!” she screamed, “He’s channeling!”
She might have been able to save one, maybe two, if she could channel a barrier ward in time. But to do so she would have to drop the spellbreaker she'd been folding, losing her opportunity to drop the dragon’s wards before he could reinforce them. In desperation, she fired a full burst from her EP rifle, hoping to distract the beast, but the shots spattered feebly across his barriers to little effect. Lanis watched in fury and horror, knowing that she could do nothing to prevent what was coming.
Two of the Rangers suddenly fell down screaming as their bodies erupted in flames, seemingly from within. Another made an attempt to run away, but after only a few strides, he collapsed in the snow. The three men thrashed on the ground in a desperate but futile attempt to douse the jets of magical flame that spewed from every gap in their now-useless body armor. After an agonizing few seconds they finally lay still, the remains of their charred bodies emitting wisps of ash and smoke that dissipated on the cold wind.
The sight of a magical attack against which they had no defense shattered the resolve of the remaining Rangers and they broke into full retreat. The dragon followed and began channeling another offensive spell, intending to finish off the survivors.
Lanis forced herself to look away from the bodies and concentrated her anger at the Stalker. The spellbreaker techniq she’d been folding had reached the limit of her booster’s capacity and the ‘stones were beginning to discord. She waited a few more seconds, trusting her instincts to warn her the instant before the ‘stones would give out.
“Come on,” she growled, and stepped out into the open.
The dragon stopped his pursuit of the Rangers and glanced around suspiciously. It seemed that he'd either just sensed her channeling or, more likely, finally decided that it was a threat. He turned, and with a sinister snort, charged directly toward her.
Exercising cycles of composure training, Lanis resisted the instinct to run and triggered the final segment of her techniq, completing the matrix. The amplified spellbreaker attacked the Stalker's protective wards, burrowing in and severing the complex magical threads of the magical matrices. She could see the barriers weaken slightly as several layers of wards dissipated under the assault.
But it wasn’t enough.
The barriers held and the Ned continued toward her with his massive sword raised, intent on keeping her from getting another chance.
“Shards!” Lanis cried in disbelief as she dove aside, narrowly avoiding the dragon’s massive sword as it carved a met-deep trough in the street just behind her.
She was at a bit of a loss. She’d folded the spellbreaker almost to the limit of her booster, easily enough to break a stalker's typical wards. Instead, the techniq had barely made a dent.
She dodged toward the side of the street, trying to present a difficult target while her mind raced frantically for options. She sensed the dragon behind her beginning to channel. She began to channel a barrier techniq, pulled out her EP rifle, and prepared to make a stand.
Suddenly, Gray stepped out from cover ahead of her, beckoning her in his direction.
“Keep going!” he yelled as he leveled his rifle at the approaching Stalker and fired off several short bursts.
As she bolted past him, Lanis saw the rest of her unit emerge from behind the piles of rubble, adding to the covering fire. She skidded to a stop and dove behind a large slab of upturned concrete, then whirled around to assess the effect of her team's ambush.
Initially hesitant in the face of the fresh assault, the Stalker soon resumed his advance. Disintegrating JAM rounds deflected in all directions, kicking up plumes from the surrounding drifts, while hazy distortions rippled across the barriers as the wards quavered under the hail of antimagic munitions.
A loud crack echoed off the buildings and the Ned recoiled from the shock of an ATR round smacking the side of his head. The round failed to penetrate his wards and disintegrated in a shower of molten sparks, but the impact was enough to stun the creature for a moment. Seconds later, another round hit him in the flank, nearly buckling his leg. He staggered back a few steps and started scanning the area for the source of this new threat.
The cable gunners took advantage of the opening, firing their Pilus rifles at the Stalker in an attempt to pin him down. Two of the harpoons deflected off of the barriers but the other two managed to get through, one in the dragon's right hip and the other lodging in the armor on the back of his shoulder.
The Stalker roared in pain and fury as he clutched at the wire imbedded in his hip. Private Carter, crouched behind the rusted shell of an old civilian vehicle, was focused on reloading his weapon and didn’t see the dragon yank the cable, which was secured to an old light post a few mets behind him.
The reinforced cable held strong, but the post's foundation was another story. It ripped free from the ground, uprooting a large chunk of concrete with it. The massive bludgeon struck the unsuspecting Carter from behind with the force of a wrecking ball, crushing him nearly halfway into the rusty hulk. The impact tore away his helmet and sent his weapon skittering across the hood. Without uttering a sound, he crumpled to the ground and lay motionless in the snow.
***
Shaeffer slipped on the icy ground, nearly falling down as he turned and threw himself behind the blackened hull of a brewed up troop carrier. Without thinking, he punched the armored hull in frustration, and then cursed out loud as pain shot through his frozen fingers. At least it helped diffuse his anger a little.
He'd just watched four of his men drop in less than a minute. He hadn't been prepared for that. Sure, he'd seen plenty of combat, and lost people under his command before, but this was the first time he could recall ever feeling so fragging helpless.
His adrenaline surged at the sound of rapidly approaching footsteps. He glanced around the corner of the vehicle to see private Esters running toward him as though there was a whole legion on his tail. Shaeffer reached out and grabbed the man as he ran by and pulled him behind the cover of the wreck.
Esters was nearly hyperventilating from exertion and fear.
"Holy fraggin' Eorelli!!" he choked out between gasps, "What 'n the hell just happened?!"
Shaeffer didn't really have an answer. His only knowledge of Netherdragons came from that tactical briefing back in basic training. They'd gone so far as to throw up a life-size holo of one just to make the troops appreciate the scale. Sure, it looked pretty intimidating and all, but a holo doesn’t stomp you into the ground or burn your guts out from the inside. Training was all well and good, but facing one of these monsters for real seemed to toss theory out the window real fast.
Still, there had to be something in that briefing he could use, if he could just remember. He was just starting to form a plan when three more of his men joined him and Esters behind the carrier.
"Where's Collins?" Shaeffer asked, noting the absence of the young rifleman.
The combination of blank and downcast expressions he got back was all the answer he needed. He nodded, took a deep breath, and leaned around the end of the vehicle to assess the situation.
Lieutenant Lanis's Shiv team was now fully engaged with the Stalker roughly seventy-five mets away. They had several wires on him but seemed to be having a tough time pinning him down. Shaeffer was no expert, but he didn't think that this was going quite to plan. Shouldn't the Lieutenant have dropped that thing's magic defenses by now? He turned back to the other members of his team that were crouched behind him.
“Okay, we gotta get back in this thing," he said. "We’ll head for his left flank and lay down some fire from that direction.
“Keep moving like you’ve got bees up your ass! If he targets you, you won't see it coming. Stand still too long and you’re dead!”
Most of the men nodded grimly but a few cracked smiles his colorful description.
“Miers, you still packing those zappers?” Shaeffer asked the young Corporal.
“Yes Sergeant!” Miers shuffled over and brandished two palm-sized metal cylinders. Each was covered with runes and had a short arming handle secured with a pin, very similar to a standard fragmentation grenade.
Null grenades, commonly called zappers by the troops, were enchantech devices that generated a temporary anti-magic burst about ten mets in radius. This burst could disrupt runic matrices and short out maintained magical techniqs--kind of a poor man's spellbreaker. Netherdragons were known to be pretty sensitive to Zapper bursts, which were like magical concussion grenades to their highly sensitive Vimsense.
Shaeffer took one of the Zappers, leaving Miers with the other.
“Good. You’re with me. Let’s see if we can distract our scaly friend.”
He secured the Zapper to his belt, hefted his rifle and, pausing for another quick glance around the corner, led his team back out into the street.
***
Lanis crouched behind a large pile of rubble and ejected the burnt out 'stone cartridges from her Booster. She gave the smoldering cartridges a disappointed frown, then tossed them aside as she reached for a fresh set.
A few mets away, Gray was braced over the rubble, firing short bursts at the dragon, who was struggling against the remaining wires some eighty mets away. As Lanis reloaded, she tapped Gray on the leg, prompting him to slither back down behind the cover so he could hear over the noise of the battle.
“We can’t take him down this way!” Lanis yelled, “I think he’s amped!”
Gray’s shot her an incredulous look. “Aw, shatter me!" he exclaimed, "Are you sure?”
“Not positive," she admitted, "but his wards are too strong, especially for being in a DZ!”
Lanis cursed her luck. Amps, or whatever the Imps called them, were a fairly new addition to the Imperium’s arsenal. Similar to, and most likely copied from, Coalition BoosterTech; amps were implanted directly into a Stalker’s body to boost their already impressive channeling prowess. Apparently, they also allowed the Stalker to function more comfortably in areas of low or disrupted ambient Vim, which normally had adverse effects on dragons' biomagical physiology.
Much like a Stalkers’ other cybernetic enhancements, the precise functioning of amps was a mystery to Coalition magitechs. Such creatures were quite rare and had not been studied in detail, which was probably a blessing. In any case, this was no ordinary Stalker, and that presented a major problem.
“Great!” Gray said, slapping a full magazine into his rifle, “So you can’t break his barriers?”
Lanis shook her head, somewhat dejectedly.
Her Booster could amplify techniqs to adequately affect typical dragon-level magic, but these reinforced wards would be almost impossible for her to break with a single spellbreaker. It would require several channelers working together to overwhelm weaves of that magnitude. Perhaps, with more firepower, they might be able to weaken the wards enough for her to finish them off. It would take a sizeable volley of HEV or SCAM artillery, which, with all the interference, she couldn't call in even if it were available.
There was one other option, but it was a long shot. If she could delve the dragon's wards she might be able to find an exploitable weakness. The catch was that delving required physical contact, and it was pretty unlikely that the Ned was going to stand there and let her scan his defenses. 
Lanis was beginning to concede that she might have bitten off more than her team could chew. Reluctantly, she began to seriously consider pulling out.
But before she could issue the order to do so, a sudden and abrupt screeching noise filled the air, quickly followed by an pained roar from the Stalker.
Gray shot Lanis a questioning look. “Was that...?”
“Zapper,” she concluded his thought.
Gray looked around the edge of the rubble while Lanis pulled down her EVI's and scrambled to the top of the pile. She instantly spotted the dissipating etheric disruption caused by the null grenade on the far side of the Stalker's position. The dragon had stopped struggling against the wires and appeared to have been slightly stunned by the blast. Whoever had thrown the zapper must have aimed pretty well.
She quickly scanned the area, trying to spot the source of the attack. Her team was to her left, spread out behind cover, laying down a sporadic fire as they maneuvered amongst the debris in the street, attempting to avoid giving the dragon a clear target.
To her right, several forms moved toward the Ned in a fairly tight formation. It had to be the remaining Rangers of 3rd Squad.
It was a bold tactic, using null grenades at close range, but the Rangers' lack of experience with anti-dragon combat was apparent. They were too bunched up, and once the Ned regained his senses he’d spot them easily, taking them out with a single spell.
"Shaeffer, spread out!" Lanis yelled into the EComm, but all she got back was a burst of static.
“Shards!” she yelled as she slid back down the rubble, pulled out her EP rifle and rushed out into the street, leaving a confused Gray behind.
“What the...? What are you doing?” he yelled after her.
Lanis didn’t have time to answer. If she didn't do something quickly, those men were doomed.
Over fifty mets away, the Stalker seemed to loom over her, still apparently too stunned to notice her approach. She could remedy that. She began channeling a charge into the EP rifle as she closed the range.
At that moment, a second zapper arched through the air and landed near the dragon's feet. Lanis gritted her teeth and kept running as the distinctive, abrupt wailing filled her ears, followed by an etheric shock that hit her like a smack to the face. She was still outside the range of the grenade's nullifying field, but the distraction was enough to disrupt her mental link to the EP rifle. The Vim she'd channeled into the core flickered out as her concentration faltered. Undaunted, she kept running and prepared another charge.
 The dragon stumbled back away from the blast and was immediately engulfed by concentrated fire from the Rangers. They were obviously hoping that the zappers had weakened the Ned’s barrier. It was a reasonable plan, and one that might have worked if the Stalker hadn’t been amped.
The dragon turned toward the incoming fire, holding up his armored left arm to shield him from the occasional round that penetrated his wards. He glanced back at Lanis and almost seemed to smirk as he began to channel a powerful weave.
“NO!” Lanis screamed as she fired a quick and ineffective burst from the Banshee, but she could already sense the Stalker's spellweave beginning to manifest. She tossed the rifle aside and began to channel a barrier techniq instead, folding it into her booster as rapidly as she could. Distraction had failed. Her only recourse now was defense.
The Rangers must have realized that something was wrong because they began retreating from their position, frantically looking for cover, not realizing that it would do them no good.
The Stalker growled and unleashed his spellweave.
Lanis was so focused on her own channeling that she stumbled, staggering a few more steps before collapsing to her knees in a spray of snow. In desperation, she triggered the barrier, wrapping the Rangers in a sphere of compressed etheric force just as the area around them erupted in an inferno of magical flames.
Lanis couldn’t see through the roiling cloud of fire but she sensed that her barrier was intact so she had to assume that the men were inside. She only needed to hold the shield up long enough.
The heat from the inferno flash-melted the surrounding snow, then quickly evaporated the resulting water, creating a dense cloud of steam that billowed up into the sky. The flames groaned and rumbled, like some ravenous, living thing trying to devour the men trapped inside.
Even from Lanis's distance, the heat was intense and sweat flowed down her face as she struggled to maintain the barrier. Despite her efforts, she could feel the shield withering under the relentless assault of the flames. Her vision blurred and her breathing became ragged as she pushed more and more Vim into the booster, desperately attempting to keep the techniq's matrix intact. The harmonics of the matrix began to discord as the booster's ‘stones neared their limit.
“No, not yet...” she gasped, trying not to think of the unbelievable terror faced by the men trapped inside that terrible conflagration. Their only chance of survival now lay solely with her and she was losing the battle.
The Stalker watched the situation with amused interest. This little human Chiriiweaver’s determination was intriguing. She had some skill, more than most he'd encountered, despite being heavily reliant on her mechanical talisman. But regardless, she had no chance against an Imperial Talon such as himself. The insolent pests with their Chi’rii rending bombs would die. But first he would savor the tragedy of this little mage's futile efforts to save them. He could sense the desperation in her aura as her shielding weave began to collapse. He admired her determination, but he wondered how far she was willing to go.
Would she sacrifice herself in the attempt to save her fellow vermin? Curious, he pushed additional power into his weave and observed.
Lanis’s booster was at its absolute limit. The Vimstone cores blasted her mind with a grating, discordant tone, signaling impending burnout. If she did not sever the link, she would be flooded with backlash as the matrix collapsed. With the amount of Vim she was pushing into the array, the backlash could be lethal.
But the only alternative was to drop the barrier and let those men inside die a horrible death. She could not do that, not even to save herself. She'd ordered those men into this fight--a fight that she now knew they could never have won. She would fight to the end, even though she realized that there was no way she could succeed. She glared at the Stalker, closed her eyes, and screamed in defiance as she pushed everything she had into the techniq as she felt the ‘stones flicker and shatter.
Her howl of rage turned to one of anguish as the barrier collapsed. With nowhere to go, the uncontrolled shock of backlash wracked her body, knocking her to the ground. Her vision blurred, becoming a bright white haze as raw ambient Vim ravaged her nervous system like liquid fire burning through her veins. The shock lasted only an instant but felt like an eternity. Delirious with pain, she managed to raise her head enough to witness the dragon's inferno weave finish off her barrier and engulf the men inside.
Their shadowy forms writhed within the flames, desperately looking for a way out, but there was no escape. The roaring cloud of fire consumed the air, smothering and immolating those within. Even their enhanced body armor did little more than prolong the torture.
Lanis collapsed in the snow, struggling for each labored breath as consciousness quickly faded. She saw the dragon snap free of the last wire and take a step toward her. Through the distorted haze of her overwhelmed Vimsense, she vaguely felt the sensation of his channeling. She squeezed her eyes tight, attempting to stem the welling tears and hoped that death would just come quickly.
But instead of the expected burning of magical flame, the sound of heavy caliber gunfire filled the air and the ground shook as the Ned roared in pained fury.
Lanis forced her eyes open enough to see the dragon reeling backward under a barrage of high-velocity impacts. The sound of enchantech magines drew her attention upward as a pair of LAV gunships passed overhead, the bright muzzle flashes of their chin-mounted autocannons lighting up the swirling snow as they ravaged the Stalker with near-constant streams of hypersonic shells. The gunships circled around, maintaining the suppression fire along with punishing shots from pylon-mounted anti-tank guns. The unenchanted rounds shattered on the dragon's wards like water on a rock, peppering the street with ricocheting fragments of searing tungsten.
Lanis's muscles finally gave way and she collapsed into the snow. Barely conscious, she watched the rain of hot metal hit the frozen ground and splatter into tiny balls of lead that danced for a few seconds on the tiny cushions of steam they created before finally cooling. She barely flinched as a deflected round smacked the ground a couple of mets away, spraying her with flecks of ice and concrete. She grimly wondered if a stray round would take her out before the backlash finished her off.
Suddenly Gray appeared over her, panic clearly evident on his face as he checked her vitals. Getting no response, he finally just huddled over her, using the wards of his own REBAr as a shield against the shower of molten shell fragments. He winced as searing sparks burned through un-warded gaps in the armor, and, several times, he yelled to someone outside of her field of view. All around, the world seemed to descend into chaos.
Lanis laid there--staring blankly up at him--trapped in the delirium of Vim saturation. In her mind, she watched those men burn over and over again, each time yearning to maintain the barrier just a bit longer, and each time failing, with the same horrible results. Gradually, even that torturous vision faded and darkness crept in. The last thing she saw was Gray yelling frantically for her to hang on.


FOUR

Sherry Lanis sat in her father’s lap with tears streaming down her cheeks. Her long, black, hair was tangled and stuck to her face in matted clumps. Her father slowly rocked her back and forth as they sat on the porch of their little house at Fort Belden.
“Better now?” he asked, gently wiping the hair away from her face.
She nodded and forced a slight smile. He lightly tweaked her nose and she recoiled, contorting her face in annoyance but giggling, despite herself.
“Good,” he said, “You’re a big girl now.
“And big girls don’t cry, right?”
Sherry wiped her eyes and, with a little sniff, compressed her lips and put on her best stolid face. Her father chuckled and smiled proudly.
***
Lanis took a deep, gasping breath as consciousness returned in a shocking burst of light and sound. The assault of cold air on her lungs sent her into a coughing fit that was only broken when she managed to suck in enough air to scream. Her every muscle seemed to be trying to contract at once as burning spasms wracked her body.
"Hold her down!!" screamed Heiko as she scrambled for her medipack.
"What did you do?" Gray yelled back at her as he attempted to grapple Lanis's flailing limbs.
"The shock of the backlash put her in cardiac arrest. I had to stabilize her heart!" Heiko yelled back as she frantically dug a small paper pouch out of the bag.
"Shards," she muttered as her shaking fingers fumbled to tear the pouch open.
"I didn't think she'd regain consciousness," she said, "She's still suffering from the backlash!"
She pulled out a small syringe and carefully removed the protective cap. "Get her collar open!"
Gray eyed the needle as he removed Lanis's EVI's and began loosening her collar. "What is that?"
"Amphedrine," Heiko said. "It'll suppress the worst of the backlash."
She shifted her gaze away, hinting that there was more to it than that.
"NO!" Lanis screamed, suddenly flying into a panic and struggling against Gray's grip with surprising strength.
Watts and Demas jumped in and grabbed her legs.
Gray looked at Heiko suspiciously. "That's all?"
Heiko stared back at him, determined not to answer but his gaze broke her resolve.
"It could destroy her ability to channel," she admitted quietly.
Lanis arched her back and screamed again.
"What?" Gray yelled as he layed down across Lanis's chest, using some of his weight to hold her down. He didn't know much about channeling but he knew that sounded really bad, and even though Lanis might be delusional, her reaction didn't make him feel any better about it. "There's no other way?"
"I wish there was!" Heiko insisted, "It might already be too late."
Gray couldn't argue. Heiko was the medic and a channeler, so he had to assume that she knew what she was doing. But he'd never seen Lanis in this state and, honestly, it scared him. She was the toughest person he'd ever met. He'd seen her face down netherdragons, for heaven's sake--watched her blast apart their magic with her channeling. Seeing her laid out by the side effects of that same channeling was almost pitiful.
Exhausted, Lanis finally ceased struggling. She looked up at Heiko with a mixture of fear and desperation.
"Don't… Please…" she begged, practically on the verge of tears.
"You'll die," the young medimancer whispered, clearly agonized.
Lanis knew that it was true; she could feel it as she fought to control the shivering in her limbs that indicated another impending seizure. But, despite the pain, she could imagine nothing worse than losing her Gift. It was her most powerful asset. She'd spent so many cycles honing it, turning it into a weapon. The notion of living without it seemed worse than death.
Thoughts of dying brought back the vision of Shaeffer and his men. They'd died because she ordered them to fight that Stalker, knowing that they weren't trained to handle it. Even her own Shiv Team couldn't have brought down that monster. Of course, she had no way of knowing that he was amped, but that was just an excuse. She never had to hunt that Ned in the first place. Gray had even tried to warn her against it and she'd ignored him.
The Stalker didn't kill those men, her arrogance did.
Part of her wanted to just let herself go, if only to spare her the guilt. But that was the cowardly way, and she wasn't raised to be like that. She had to fight, if only to make some attempt to give their deaths a purpose. If that meant losing her channeling ability, then maybe that was the price she had to pay.
She tensed up as another wave of pain shot through her body. She couldn't go down like this. This Stalker had beaten her, but there would be others. She'd find a way to make them pay, even if she had to do it without magic.
She stared up at Heiko and put on her best stolid face.
Heiko smiled weakly. "There's a chance that your gift won't be affected," she explained, trying to sound reassuring.
Lanis nodded, then looked away and swallowed hard.
"Do it," she whispered.
She felt the prick in her neck and closed her eyes as coldness began to spread up the side of her face and down her chest. Calmness fell over her, and as the cold sensation reached her temple the world faded out again.
This time there were no dreams.
***
The first thing Lanis noticed as she awoke was the painful high-pitched ringing. Her head was throbbing intensely and she wanted nothing more than for the grating sound to stop. As she gradually came to her senses, it dawned on her that the annoying whine was actually the keening of a siphon reactor. And she wasn't hearing it. It was in her head.
She was still Vimsensitive. The revelation hit her like a spellshock and, for the next few moments, she just lay there marveling at the discordant harmonics of the magical engines, almost forgetting the pain. Almost.
She ached all over, although the burning and trembling in her limbs had diminished significantly. The amphedrine had done its job, and to her relief, it seemed that was all. She was still in for a rough couple of days, but that was nothing she couldn't handle. Considering all that had happened, she was lucky to be alive, let alone intact. A major channeling hangover was a small price to pay--a very small price.
She gradually took in her surroundings. She was lying on the floor of a hopper and, judging by the jostling motion and the loud droning of its magines, the craft had to be in flight. The bay doors were closed and a mixture of red and white lights along the ceiling dimly lit the interior. She could hear what sounded like several overlapping conversations nearby but she couldn’t make out any of the words over the noise.
She slowly turned her head and looked up to see Gray seated next to her. He must have noticed the movement, because he looked down and a broad smile crossed his rough features.
“I was starting to wonder when you’d wake up,” he said.
It took Lanis a moment to find her voice.
“What’s going on?” she croaked.
Gray leaned forward. 
“We’re headed back to the Landry. ARCH issued a full evac order about thirty minutes ago. The Absolution already gated out, presumably with a nice, full set of reactor ‘stones aboard. Mission accomplished.
“We should be landing pretty soon and once the Landry is loaded up, she’ll be gating out as well."
He sat back.
“It looks like the Imps get Montrey, for what it’s worth," he said. "We certainly didn’t leave them much.”
Lanis laid her head back and stared up at the ceiling, wondering just how much she’d missed. She had a lot of questions, but her mind lingered on just one.
“How many did we lose?” she asked.
He appeared a bit surprised by the question, and took a few seconds to consider his answer before responding.
“Casualties were pretty heavy, especially in the garrison units,” he finally said. “If I had to guess...”
“No,” she cut him off, her expression turning hard, “How many did WE lose?”
Gray sighed, compressing his lips into a tight frown.
“Eleven," he said.
Lanis closed her eyes.
“Eleven?” she whispered. “Who?”
Gray twisted his mouth. He hadn’t really wanted to go here so soon. He couldn’t really explain it, but the discussion gave him the feeling that he was throwing gas on a flame. But she’d find out soon enough anyway.
“Carter and Lander,” he said with some resignation, “The rest were Rangers."
"Shaeffer," Lanis whispered, staring back at the ceiling.
“Damn Stalker,” Gray grumbled and shook his head. He glanced back down at her.
“We were sure that we lost you too, Chief. It was kinda touch and go there.”
He dug a cigar from one of his pockets and began trying to find his lighter.
"Apparently, the DZ finally cleared up enough for squad two to get an EComm to the evac hoppers. They're the ones who called in those air cav boys, when they found out about a Ned being in the area. They managed to drive him off so we could get a pickup. Lucky for us."
"I suppose so," Lanis said.
"Of course, I made sure they knew that we softened him up a bit for 'em," Gray added with a wink, attempting to lighten the mood just a little.
He wasn't really surprised when she didn't react.
Lanis winced as she slowly sat up, pausing to wait out a slight wave of dizziness before making her way to the empty seat beside Gray. He watched her with concern but he didn’t move to help her. She wasn't the sort to appreciate such a gesture.
She settled gingerly into the seat, which was only marginally more comfortable than the floor, and watched Gray rifle through his pockets, the unlit cigar hanging loosely in his mouth.
“Shards,” he muttered, then looked at her sheepishly.
“You wouldn’t have a light, would you?” he asked, holding the cigar toward her.
Lanis took the cigar and eyed it contemplatively as she gently turned it in her fingers.
Hesitantly, she cupped her fingers around the tip and attempted to channel a small fire techniq. The effort made her a bit dizzy and she had to stop once, take a breath, and try again. Finally, after several seconds the cigar tip began to smolder, gradually increasing until it finally burst into flame.
Lanis let out a small sigh of relief, then handed the cigar back to Gray.
“That’s a bad habit, you know,” she said.
Gray quickly blew out the expanding flames.
“No,” he said, “Following you around is a bad habit. THIS is a luxury.”
 He took several careful puffs, testing the flavor. He let out a long exhale, then gave the cigar a perplexed look.
“Hmm,” he said, “The darned things never taste right when you light ‘em like that.”
Lanis smiled weakly. The difficulty of channeling such a minor techniq reminded her of just how close she'd come to losing her gift altogether. There was still no way of knowing how much damage the backlash and amphedrine might have done. Only time would tell.
Heiko stopped short at the doorway to the main bay, staring at Lanis with a mix of confusion and concern. "I thought I just felt…"
"A spellshock?" Lanis said.
"Yeah," Heiko said, her concern quickly fading to relief.
"Looks like I dodged another bullet," Lanis said, "thanks to you."
Heiko smiled slightly at the rare compliment before shooting Lanis a firm stare. "You shouldn't be pushing your luck, Chief. You're not out of the null zone yet."
Lanis simply nodded back, and, marginally content, the young medimancer headed back to tending the other wounded.
Heiko was right, of course. Lanis had taken a hell of a jolt and there was every chance that it could happen again if she wasn't careful.
She tried not to think about it and pulled out her EP rifle instead. She recalled tossing it away during the battle and was surprised, and more than a little grateful, that someone had thought to retrieve it for her.
She gently ran her fingers along the stock, pausing as she reached the three gouges in the wood. Her intention had been to add another mark today, but it seemed that fate had decided otherwise.
She brushed some loose strands of hair from her face as she gently laid rifle across her knees. It was scuffed and dirty but didn't appear to be damaged. Its cold surface had begun to form a layer of condensation in the humid air of the cargo bay, producing a thin layer of patchy mud as it mixed with the grime.
Lanis wiped the gritty moisture from the stock with her hand, carefully cleaning the area around the three kill marks. She stared at them for what seemed like several minutes, then placed the rifle between her knees and rested her head on the stock.
She took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“Carter, Lander.., Shaeffer,” she whispered reverently, and made a vow never to forget.


FIVE

Skycruiser CAS Landry
Thirty Kilomets Southwest of Montrey
02:20 hours
4 Ii’Laan, 1394

Lanis hopped out of the LAV and landed heavily on the metal plating of the Landry's flight deck. Banks of lights mounted along the raised sides of the ship's armored hull bathed the deck in cool, monochromatic glow. The light reflected up to illuminate the densely falling snow that seemed to surround the vessel in a globe of swirling stars against a vast black nothingness.
A chill wind cut across the deck, biting into her cheek. As she snugged her collar, her fingers brushed against the lacquered lightning bolt insignia of the 33rd AC pinned at her neck. Beneath it was the silver bar bearing four tiny vimstones, indicating that she was Fourth Tier, the second highest rating based on channeling talent and skill. She'd always been so proud of that achievement, one of only a handful in the entire Corps. But, as she watched the chaotic scene around her, pride was about as distant an emotion as she could imagine.
Across the Landry's large, flat deck perched over a dozen LAV's, their siphoning magines thrumming rhythmically as they waited impatiently to be unloaded before taking off to make room for others that were still arriving. Medical teams scurried amongst the vehicles, tending the wounded and moving them to hastily setup infirmaries below decks.
Meanwhile, able-bodied soldiers and deckhands unloaded body bags, carefully laying them in rows along the sides of the deck where they would remain until there was time to tally them and give them proper burial. There were so many, representing only the fraction of dead that could be retrieved by the retreating troops. Lanis wondered how many more had been left behind. Nor did it escape her that she bore responsibility for more than a few of those bags.
Coalition strategists back home would label the mission a success, but, as always, these sorts of rear-guard actions were terribly hard on the morale of the troops. Perhaps it was the sense of defeat that came from ceding ground to the enemy or the unavailing loss of one's brothers and sisters in a battle that was essentially lost before it began. Not even battle-hardened troops like the 33rd Arcane could come away from such a mission unscathed.
Lanis' body felt leaden from both physical and mental exhaustion. It was a miracle that she was even alive, let alone on her feet, after such a severe attack of backlash. Were it not for the cold, she imagined that she could lie down and sleep right here on the open deck. Instead, putting on her best image of composure, she stepped back and watched the battered remainder of her team slowly disembark from the aircraft--two of them in bags that were gently handed to medical personnel who carried them off to the ever growing line of snow covered remains.
Lanis lingered for a few moments longer, lost in thought, until finally she had to step aside as the LAV crew hastily made their post-flight inspections and prepped for another run. There would be little rest for the flight crews tonight as they did their best save everyone they could before the Landry would finally be forced to gate away to safety.
Lanis slowly followed her team down a flight of stairs on the ship's port side to the hangar deck where the vessel's aircraft complement was stowed. Even inside the massive bay, it was still cold enough to see her breath, but at least it was sheltered from the wind. The cavernous deck was largely empty now, as all airworthy craft were involved in the recovery effort. However, off to one side, a dozen or so technicians worked feverishly to get a pair of damaged hoppers functional enough to join the operation.
The aft half of the deck was filled with throngs of soldiers, patiently standing in several slowly moving queues. At the front, a group of overworked bosun's mates did their best to gather weapons and unspent munitions so the troops could move on to make room for the steady but dwindling stream of soldiers joining the end of the line.
Lanis left Gray in charge of getting the team settled in and headed toward the less crowded officer's prep area. She stopped at the counter near the entryway and turned in her unspent pistol ammunition and Vimstone cartridges. After doing a quick scan, the crewman on duty cleared Lanis to go so she headed to her assigned locker and began to remove the rest of her gear.
She unstrapped the leather belts and removed her EP rifle holster. She paused for a moment and ran her fingers over the gouges on the rifle's wooden stock. She looked at the weapon thoughtfully for a moment, then thrust it into the locker and shut the door.
She stripped out of her battered runic armor and set it on a bench near the back of the room next to several similar suits that lay waiting for maintenance. Later, skilled magitechs would repair both the armors' physical damage and complex enhancement schemata.
Lanis largely ignored the handful of other officers that came and went while she undressed and headed to the showers. Most were either too busy discussing mission results or were lost in dark thoughts similar to those that haunted her.
A few of them attempted to make small talk with her, mostly inquiring about her mission or the rumors regarding her unit's Stalker encounter. Some even invited her to join them in the officer's mess later, eager to hear the details. Lanis wasn't really up to reliving the experience and, thankfully, they weren't particularly insistent when she declined the offer.
Eventually, everyone else had moved on, leaving her alone in the steam-filled room. She leaned her head and forearms against the side of the shower stall. It felt cold compared to the steaming cascade that rained down over her head and body, plastering her long, black hair to her shoulders and back.
She closed her eyes and focused on the gentle waves of water running down her bruised and aching body, watching it wash away the sweat and grime of battle and spiral down the drain at her feet. If only it could take the memories with it.
Her mind played repeatedly through the chaotic details of the day’s events, forcing her to relive each decision, and torturing her with recurring doubts. She watched those men die over and over, wondering each time if she might have done anything different, knowing full-well that she couldn’t have.
She didn’t know why it bothered her so much.
People died in battle. That’s just the way it was. You dealt with it and moved on, trying to convince yourself that they were the lucky ones. So, why did she always have such a hard time letting it go?
The water suddenly didn’t feel relaxing to her anymore so she reached up and shut it off. She stood there for several more minutes, wringing the excess water from her hair.
As she did so, she noted the tiny droplets of water that trickled down the wall, cutting their meandering paths through the thin layer of condensation. Some of the drops collided into one another, joining to form larger drops that continued on their way, faster and more deliberately than before.
Others weren’t fortunate enough to cross paths with another, destined to forge their way alone on the long journey to the great unknown abyss below--only then finally rejoining their companions.
She briefly considered the metaphorical significance, but quickly admonished herself. She must be tired. It was only water on a wall.
Finally, the air in the stall started to become as chilly as her mood. She stepped out and finished drying herself before dressing in a fresh set of fatigues.
She gently combed her hair, looking thoughtfully into the depths of the smudged mirror. Out of the blue, she considered cutting her hair short like many of the other military women did. It would probably be more convenient.
She pulled the mass up and tucked it behind her head, turning her head side to side, trying to visualize the effect. She certainly looked different, but it was just a facade. She was still the same person--Sheryl Lanis, 4th Tier Battlemancer of the 33rd Arcane Corps--the Widowmaker.
Shards, she hated that name!  Some of the grunts in the 33rd had started calling her that and, somehow it had caught on. Most didn't have the stones to say it to her face, but she heard the rumors. They thought she was some reckless and coldhearted bitch who didn't like anyone.
Maybe she was, a little. But she got the job done, didn’t she?
She wasn’t very good with people. She knew that. It wasn’t like she could just channel some techniq that would change who she was, and, quite frankly, she didn't want to. She wasn't here to make friends. She was here to fight a war. And if they didn't like how she did it that was their problem.
She let her hair drop loosely over her shoulders. Several loose strands draped in front of her face. She gently brushed them back behind her ears and frowned. Some things just couldn't be changed so easily.
She gathered her gear and left the showers.
***
Lanis reentered the hangar and immediately headed toward the exits at the aft end. She managed to navigate the throngs of soldiers with no further social encounters and was nearly to one of the hatches before a voice called out behind her.
“Well, look at that. If it isn’t the Widowmaker!”
She hesitated, mentally cringing at both the sound of her nickname and the gratingly familiar voice that uttered it.
It was Drew Braxton, a Major from the 33rd’s 6th Ranger Company, and an officer with whom Lanis had engaged in several less-than-amiable discussions regarding tactics.
It had become apparent some time ago that the two of them did not share the same perspective on issues of command, although Lanis suspected that there was a certain underlying hint of jealousy involved on the Major’s part. Whatever his reasons, Braxton had decided that he didn't like her, and took any opportunity to put his contempt on display for all to see. For her part, Lanis considered the feeling mutual. It was really no more than a conflict of personalities--one that she was in no mood to deal with, particularly at the moment.
In another unit, Braxton might have taken advantage of his rank to make her life miserable. But in the Corps, rank protocols were a bit less strict. Also, as a Battlemancer, Lanis could count on a certain degree of preferential treatment. Bearing the gift did have its advantages.
She should have just carried on and ignored him, pretending that she hadn't heard. Unfortunately, it was too late for that. Her hesitation had betrayed the fact that she had.
She still wanted to just walk away, but, for some reason, her legs defied her. What was she afraid of? She’d danced the line of life and death with an Imperial Stalker. What could Braxton possibly say that would compare to that?
He stepped away from the small group of officers he’d been chatting with and glared at Lanis with his arms folded across his chest. He had a narrow, chiseled face and his long nose was crinkled up in an arrogant sneer as he appraised her through narrowed eyes, like some aristocratic noble staring down at a lowly peasant. The potential confrontation had drawn the interest of the other officers, who dropped their own conversation to watch.
Gray, who’d just left the crowd at the armory, overheard the commotion and headed toward the rear of the cluster of officers, his face creased with lines of concern.
Basking in the attention, the Major pressed on.
"Word is that you tangled with a Stalker out there today," he said with a sardonic tone, "Don't keep us in suspense, Lieutenant. What happened?"
"Some other time," Lanis replied.
"I see," he snorted. "I heard that it didn't go very well.
"Bit off a little more than you could handle this time?" he chuckled.
Lanis turned her head slightly but didn't look back. "He was amped."
"Amped? A rare bird, indeed," Braxton said with a clear measure of disbelief in his tone. "I suppose that WOULD look pretty impressive on your record wouldn't it, had you actually brought it down."
He altered his stance, taking on a slightly more aggressive posture.
"So, did you realize that you were outmatched before or after you ordered your team to engage?"
"If you have a point to make, then MAKE it." Lanis bristled, "I lost some good men out there."
"So I heard," Braxton said flatly. "Must have been tough. Sounds like the cards were really stacked against you." He almost managed to sound sincere.
"But at least you managed to make it back, safe and sound… more less."
"Lucky, I guess," Lanis replied quietly.
“Apparently more lucky than some," Braxton said coldly.
It was all Gray could do to keep from jumping in at this point. Braxton had always been a jerk, but this was really pushing it, even for him. It was pretty obvious what he was doing and it was a miracle that Lanis hadn't taken the bait so far.
Or was it? Gray had seen these two go at it before but Lanis had always given as much as she'd gotten in those exchanges. He was surprised and more than a little concerned to see her taking this so quietly. Maybe that backlash had affected her more than she was letting on.
But it couldn't last. The Chief had a temper, no doubt about it, and eventually Braxton was going to find the right button to set it loose. And THAT wasn't going to be good for anybody. Unfortunately, before Gray could act, Braxton decided to stop playing around.
"Tell me, Lieutenant... how many did you lose this time?” he sneered, apparently no longer content to mince words,  "How many men did you toss to the flames for the chance to put another kill on your record?"
Gray sucked in his breath as silence fell over the group like a zapper burning away the Etherum. And just like the shockwave of Vim flowing back into the resulting void, the reaction came quickly.
Lanis whirled around and glared at Braxton with an intensity that could melt warded steel. The Major took a small step back, perhaps suddenly realizing that was about the least thing a combat channeler could do him.
Lanis's trembling lips betrayed an intense inner struggle. She looked utterly exhausted, but the expression in her eyes was hard and focused.
“Suck Dust, Braxton,” she growled, then spun around and stormed toward the aft hatch, seemingly oblivious to the soldiers and crew that were forced to dodge out of her path. Braxton fumed at the insult, and the lack of respect for his rank, but to his questionable credit, he settled for staring daggers at the lieutenant's back as she left. Only once she was well out of earshot did he finally turn back toward the group, quickly covering his disconcertion with a disdainful sneer.
“Fraggin’ bitch," he muttered, but it was clear that he was rattled.
Gray finally let out his breath as he watched Lanis exit the hangar. He was amazed at how well she'd managed to constrain herself and a little concerned as well.
“With all respect, Major, I think you're lucky to be alive," he glanced at Braxton, "…sir," he added.
Braxton glared back at him, clearly offended, but Gray held his ground. Braxton looked back at the empty corridor where Lanis had gone, then, apparently deciding to quit while he was ahead, marched forcefully through the bystanders, who could do little more than exchange confused glances as they slowly dispersed.


SIX

Skycruiser CAS Landry
Officer Quarters
03:30 hours
4 Ii’Laan, 1394

Lanis was too lost in her own thoughts to acknowledge the handful of people she passed in the corridors on the way to the officers quarters on C-deck. The encounter with Braxton had shaken her more than she realized, and she was still trembling when she found herself standing in front of the nondescript metal door that led to her berth.
The gray paint around the door was cracked and peeling slightly around the edges, revealing small patches of rust beneath. It seemed that, despite the anti-weathering wards placed on the ship’s hull, the persistent power of nature would always find a way to destroy man’s work. Nothing lasts forever, she thought.
The door squeaked slightly as Lanis pushed it open stepped into the small room. She flipped a switch on the wall, activating a pair of lights tucked amongst the pipes and wires that ran along the ceiling. The pale light of the dusty bulbs revealed a small, unadorned room with metal walls that contained a small bed, a tiny desk mounted to the wall, a single chair and a footlocker. The room was little more than a large closet but offered far more privacy than the enlisted men got. Such was one of the perks of being a Corps battlemancer.
Lanis tossed her bundle of toiletries on the bed as she closed the door behind her. She crossed the room, knelt down by the footlocker and lifted the lid, revealing an interior neatly packed with clothes, spare uniforms, and a handful of personal items; typical of what you’d find in most any soldier’s personal effects. She tended to travel light, having discovered, over the cycles, that there were very few things she couldn’t live without.
But there was one thing in here that went with her on every assignment.
She dug down to the bottom of the locker and pulled out a small, gray, metal box with a hinged lid that was secured with a tiny padlock. She went to the bed and sat down, gently setting the box in her lap.
She’d gone through this same ritual many times before but it never got any easier. She nervously chewed her bottom lip as she stared down at worn and dented container, as though steeling herself for what she would find inside.
Finally, she took a deep breath and pulled out the metal chain around her neck. Dangling between her metal ID tags was a small brass key, dirty and worn from cycles of use. This key went with her everywhere, and only death itself would separate her from it. With a gentleness that bordered on reverence, she removed the small lock from the box and slowly opened the lid.
Inside was a single picture in a worn wooden frame, nestled in a bundle of pale cloth that was packed neatly in the bottom of the box. Lanis gently reached in and lifted the picture out. She then set the metal box on the bed next to her and held the picture in her lap with both hands.
The frame was simple wood, its once-prominent grain pattern now smoothed and darkened by cycles of handling. The glass in the frame had a slight haze to it that never seemed to come off, regardless of how Lanis had tried to clean it. She reminded herself, yet again, to replace it when she got the chance. The picture inside was old and faded but the frame had done its job, keeping the print intact.
The image of her father, in his dress uniform and cover, smiled up at her with his familiar, lopsided grin.
Lanis stared at the picture for a long while before she finally set it down. She reached back into the box, pulled out the fabric and gently unfolded it across her lap. The little yellow dress had started to fade a bit over the cycles. The tear along the bottom had been rather poorly stitched--her unskilled attempt to repair it when she was still a child--giving it the appearance of a ragged scar that would never heal. The faint stains of oil and blood were still visible despite repeated cleanings.
Her aunt had tried to throw the dress away, insisting that it was hardly worthy of a rag. But Lanis had recovered it from the trash and kept it hidden. Her mother had so liked this dress.
These two items were all that Lanis had left of her birth parents. They had died during the Imperium attack on Fort Belden in the spring of cycle 1380, almost eleven cycles ago; a day that Lanis couldn’t forget if she tried. 
Even now, she found herself back at Belden. The sound of the sirens, the soldiers darting about, the explosions, her mother taking her down into the bunkers with the other children, and leaving her there.
By some twisted work of fate, it was on that nightmarish day that Lanis’s Vimsensitive gift had fully manifested. Her first true sense of magic had been terrible screaming of ethergenic weapons and the sickening harmonics of Netherdragon channeling.  Isolated from the deadly horrors of the carnage above but forced to endure the battle through her Vimsense, Lanis had felt every spell woven by those horrible monsters. She’d spent hours huddled in the corner of the shelter, surrounded by dozens of terrified children and other non-combatants--yet very much alone.
Coalition reinforcements did finally arrive to drive off the attackers, but it was too late. The base had been destroyed and nearly all the defenders killed, her parents among them. Lanis didn't know how they died, but she had nightmares of them being killed by netherdragons for many cycles. Later, she would learn that those dreams had paled in comparison to the reality.
Afterward, Lanis had gone to live with her aunt and uncle Vamellin. It was a tough life. Her uncle was a staff officer in the Coalition Navy and was rarely at home, so Lanis had been raised by her aunt Sandy, a hard-tempered and practical woman. Lanis was already accustomed to military life and adapted well. The lessons she gleaned from her adopted family only further tempered her resolve and she'd enlisted in the Coalition Armed Forces as soon as she was old enough, determined to serve in any way she could.
Her exceptional scores in magical aptitude and focus guaranteed her entry into the Arcane Corps and her obsessive dedication allowed her to excel in Battlemancer training. She'd made 3rd tier by the time she graduated Advanced Combat Channeling school and reached 4th only a cycle later.
Armed with cutting-edge Coalition BoosterTech and powerful combat magic, she'd made it her life’s goal to take back from the Imperium every bit of what they’d taken from her, with interest.
“Hi Daddy,” she whispered, pressing her lips together in a strained smile. "I almost got another one today," she began, "…but…" her voice faltered.
She looked away, catching sight of small desk by the wall. A wave of anxiety washed over her as she realized that, sooner or later, she would have to write a report detailing the day’s operation. She would have to compose, in painful detail, the sequence of events, enemies encountered, tactics employed, and ultimately, the deaths of eleven men under her command.
Eleven men whose lives had been entrusted to her. Men with families who would never see them again. Families that would forever wonder why their fathers and sons didn’t come home when others did. Fathers and sons who might have come home had she just not…
She let out a depressed sigh.
Widowmaker. The word itself seemed steeped in accusation.
Lanis swallowed hard and closed her eyes.
***
Little Sherry Lanis sat in her fathers lap with tears streaming down her cheeks. Her long, black hair was tangled and stuck to her face in matted clumps. Her father slowly rocked her back and forth as they sat on the porch of their little house at Fort Belden.
“Better now?” he asked, gently wiping her hair away from her face.
She nodded and forced a slight smile. He lightly tweaked her nose and she recoiled, contorting her face in annoyance but giggling, despite herself.
“Good,” he said.
“You’re a big girl now; and big girls don’t cry, right?”
Lanis wiped the tears from her cheeks and, with a little sniff, compressed her lips and tried to put on a stolid face. Her father chuckled and smiled with pride.
“But remember,” he said, “To me, you’ll always be my little girl.
“So, if you ever do need to cry, you can come to me and it’ll be okay.”
***
Lanis gazed down at the picture. The image began to blur as unbidden tears welled in her eyes.
She curled up on the bed, rolled over and stared at the wall, hiding her face from any imaginary eyes that might be watching. She clutched the faded yellow dress and the picture tight against her trembling body.
Little Sherry Lanis had fallen off her bike again.
The first sobs came hard, followed by slight whimpers as her highly practiced composure finally succumbed.
Sheryl Lanis--The Widowmaker of the 33rd Arcane--buried her face in the pillow, and cried herself to sleep.


GLOSSARY OF TERMS

Alchemechanics - The scientific theory that serves as the basis for Enchantech engineering, the science of applying magical effects to technology.

Amphedrine - Amphedrine is a combat drug similar to adrenaline but with the added effect of temporarily suppressing the effects of channeling backlash. Side effects can be severe, including nervous system damage, memory loss, and even permanent reduction of channeling ability. Normally reserved for cases of extreme backlash where a channeler risks death due to Vim saturation.

Arcane Corps - Special division of the CAF composed of channelers and Enchantech equipped troops. Notable units are the 12th and 33rd Arcane, both of which have served in well-documented battles, but the actual size and composition of the Corps is unknown outside the purview of ARCH. Corps units are usually assigned to support mundane troops on an ‘as needed’ basis and operate within their own command structure.

ARCH – The enigmatic name for the Arcane Corps high command.

Archie - slang. A member of the Arcane Corps. Normally used derogatorily by mundane troops, who can find the Corps troops a bit snobbish, it is occasionally used jokingly by Corps members themselves.

ATR (Anti-Tank Rifle) - Man-portable light anti-vehicular weapon usually chambered up to 20mm. Commonly used by Coalition dragon hunting troops for penetrating Imperium netherdragon armor.

Backlash - Uncontrolled Vim that floods a channeler’s nervous system as the result of an improperly focused Techniq. Described as feeling like a burning, electrical shock, it can result in nerve damage, weakening or loss of the channeler’s Gift, or even death. Skilled channelers can sometimes avoid backlash by shunting the Vim back into the environment, resulting in a powerful spellshock that can easily be detected by Vimsensitives in the area.

Battlemancer - Arcane Corps combat channeler specializing in BoosterTech and ethergenic weapons.

Booster - Common term for a Personal Vim Amplifier. (See PVA)

BoosterTech - Blanket term used to refer to PVA's and their use to amplify channeling Techniqs.

Burnout - The shattering of a Vimstone due to hyper-resonation of its crystal matrix, usually the result of attempting to push too much Vim through the ’stone. Burnout usually results in severe backlash to the channeler. A shattered ‘stone disintegrates into a fine, black powder called “Dust”, so emphasized due to its unique nature. (See Dust.)

CAF (Coalition Armed Forces) - Multi-national military force composed of units from all Coalition member nations and under the command of the Council of Admirals.

Calandra - Coalition member state. A Confederation of smaller states located in central Freidia. Famous for its powerful military and industrial base, it serves as the backbone of the Coalition.

Channeler - A human born with the Gift and trained in the use of magical Techniqs.

Chirii - ‘KEER-ee’  Netherdragon term for Vim.

Coalition, The - The military alliance between the Freidian nations of Calandra, Medindara, Meilaan, T’lanth, and Valdon.

Dead Zone - Also known as a Void. An area completely lacking in ambient Vim, either naturally or as the result of an anti-magic field such as that created by HEV shells or null grenades.

Disrupted Zone - An area of etheric instability, either natural or as the result of heavy spell casting or the use of ethergenic weapons. Channeling in such areas is difficult and runic effects can become unpredictable. Extremely disrupted zones can result in physical manifestations such as etheric storms, easily identified by their distinctive, roiling black clouds and eerie, green-hued lightning.

Dust - Vimstone Dust. Capitalized for emphasis and to distinguish it from common dirt, it is the fine, black powder left behind by a burned out Vimstone. Dangerous to humans if inhaled and magically resistant, it is a toxic byproduct of enchantech devices and must be handled with care.
Vimstone dust exposure was a serious problem with early enchantech devices but modern Vimstone cartridges encase the ʻstones in a gel medium that captures the Dust in the event of burnout, greatly reducing the likelihood of exposure, even if the casing is breached.

Dynard - Non-linear standard measurement for magical power. Named after the T'Lanthan magitech Traven Dynardeval, who is credited for objectifying the measurement of Vim.
A single Dynard is the amount of Vim burned per second by a standardized light schema. Also used as a rating for Vimstones, denoting the complexity and amplifying power of their crystal matrix.

EComm (Etheric Communication) - Enchantech wireless communication devices constructed around a clairaudience schema and powered by Vim. EComms work like standard radios but have virtually unlimited range, although they can be disrupted by dead zones and certain types of wards.

EDAR (Etheric Detection Analysis Ranging) - A complex system of magical sensors and harmonic resonance detectors used to monitor etheric activity. Analogous to modern RADAR.

Elandis or Elandyss - A planet similar to earth in proportion and general climate. Elandis is a nexus world possessing a powerful Heartstone that supports an extraordinarily high magical aura.

Enchantech - The fusion of rune magic, alchemechanics and technology developed by human magitechs. Examples include: siphon reactors, Boosters, ERIS lenses, and skycruisers.

EP (Ethergenic Plasma) - Vim that is highly concentrated via a specialized Booster array and focused through alchemechanical essence lenses into a physical state. The substance fired by EP rifles.
Ethergenic plasma is highly unstable, both physically and magically, making it disruptive to both magical barriers and physical matter.

ERIS lens (Etheric Resonance Imaging Spectrometer) - Alchemechanical construct that creates a visual representation of etheric harmonics. Central to the constructions of EDAR systems and EVI’s.

Etherum, The - Human term for the magical field of Vim surrounding Elandis. (See also - The Great Flow)

EVI (Etheric Visual Imager) - “EE-vee”  A portable ERIS lens. Enchantech goggles used, mostly by mundanes, to see into the Etherum. The image is similar to that of thermal or night vision cameras but is in the magical spectrum. Also known as psychoscopes or Vimgoggles. Some believe that the kaleidoscopic images are harmful if viewed for extended periods but medical evidence has yet to back up that claim.

Gift, The - The ability of some Vimsensitives to learn to channel magical Techniqs. The origins and mechanics of the ability are not fully understood but it is known that it can be lost, typically by the shock of severe backlash.

Gnisis - Homeworld of Netherdragons. Capital world of the Imperium.

HEV (High Explosive Void) - Specialized ordinance combining a chemical explosive warhead with an anti-magic matrix that burns away Vim in a radius from the impact, creating a temporary dead zone. Typically used by artillery and skycruiser cannons for penetrating large-scale barrier wards.

Imperium, The - A vast, interstellar power ruled by the Shadowdragon and his loyal Netherdragon Highlords. Centered on the Netherdragons’ home world of Gnisis, the Imperium spans hundreds of worlds, all conquered for their powerful magical resources. The Imperium’s Legions consist of all manner of exotic creatures harvested from many of these worlds and have been largely unmatched in their relentless march across the cosmos.

JAM (Jacketed Anti Magic) - Standard armor-piercing round imbued with a minor magic penetration schema; used in small caliber projectiles weapons.

LAV (Low Altitude Vehicle) - Enchantech aircraft used for small unit transport and gunship duties. Also called ‘Hoppers’.

Magine - Magical engine. Propulsion system powered by a small siphon reactor and used on both air and ground vehicles in much the same manner as traditional combustion engines. Magines have excellent range and minimal logistical requirements but must be maintained by skilled magitechs. Provincial forces and lesser equipped military units often use simpler combustion engines instead.

Magitech - A person skilled in the construction and maintenance of enchantech devices. May or may not have channeling ability, but usually possesses an affinity for magic beyond typical mundanes.

Medimancer - Field medic with channeling ability and trained in the use of medical delving and mending Techniqs.

Met - Standard unit of measurement. Equivalent to one Earth yard or meter.

Ned - slang, derogatory. Netherdragon.

Netherdragon - Species of wyrms originating on the shadowy world of Gnisis.

PVA (Personal Vim Amplifier) - Military enchantech device based on the Kieler/Felbs harmonic array that is used by specially trained channelers to amplify the power output of magical Techniqs. Also called Boosters or Amps, although the latter term is more commonly applied to the Imperium's version of the device.

REBAr (Rune Enhanced Body Armor) - Personal armor enhanced with a variety of magical schema. Lighter and more durable than mundane counterparts and may provide other enhancements such as strength boosters, deflection wards, environmental protection, or reactive camouflage.

Runes - Ancient glyphs that are tied to specific magical effects. Used individually or in combination, such glyphs can be used to scribe permanent magical effects.

Rune-Boosted - or Rune-Enhanced. Mundane technology that has been improved through the application of one or more magical schema. Differs from enchantech in that rune-boosted gear can function with or without its magical properties. Some examples are JAM rounds or Coalition REBAr.

SCAM (Solid Core Anti Magic) - Large caliber rune-boosted armor piercing round. Formed around a high-density penetrator core, SCAM rounds are kinetic-kill rounds enhanced with penetration and anti magic schema to defeat enhanced armor.

Schema - A pattern of magical runes linked to form an etheric matrix. A schema is much like a magical circuit that, when energized with Vim, outputs a specific and predictable effect.

Scriptie - slang. Military jargon for Imperium conscripts, typically those hailing from the Traitor States of T’Lanth.

ScryNet - A vast network of EDAR listening posts and EComm transmitter relays used by the Coalition to monitor magical activity and link intelligence assets throughout Coalition territory.

SERA Reactor (Superscalar Etheric Resonance Accumulation) - Advanced siphon reactor using a parallel array to draw vast amounts of Vim. Extremely complex and expensive, SERA reactors are typically restricted to military use, most notably on skycruisers.

Shadowdragon, The - The enigmatic ruler of the Imperium. Many theories exists as to the nature and origin of the Shadowdragon but few are the individuals who have seen him(?) and lived to tell of it.

Shards - slang. Common colloquialism, dating back centuries, that is typically used as an expletive. Derived from the historical phrase “Shards of the Heartstone” although few would understand the reference in modern times. In contemporary usage, it relates to something or a situation falling apart or being in ‘shards’.

Shiv Team - Special forces unit unique to the Arcane Corps, usually trained in a specific area such as recon, rescue, or dragon hunting.

Siphon Reactor - Large scale enchantech power source based on the Keiler/Felbs harmonic array. Siphon reactors draw Vim from the Etherum and amplify it through a large serial Vimstone array to supply magical energy to a city’s power grid. (See also SERA Reactors)

Spellshock - The ripple caused in the Etherum by the channeling of a magical Techniq. Each spellshock has a unique harmonic that can reveal much information about the nature of the channeling to Vimsensitives in the area.

Spellweaving - The draconic variation of channeling. Unlike human channeling, spellweaving is highly dependent on the caster’s personal Vim as opposed to ambient Vim. Considered to be the pure form of magic use, it is extremely powerful and efficient but difficult to master. Early human channelers were taught the art by dragon mentors but, over time, most turned to the easier form of channeling in use today.

Spellwiring - Teiran biomantic process that overcomes a dragon’s natural biomagical rejection of cybernetiks, allowing for the creation of Stalkers. The process is far from perfect and the freakish monstrosities it creates almost inevitably suffer from insanity.

Stalker, Imperium - Human term for netherdragons imbued with cybernetiks via Tieran spellwiring. Known as Talons by other netherdragons, they carry the authority of the Shadowdragon and are largely shunned for their unnatural state of existence and tendency for erratic behavior.

"Suck Dust" - Slang. To those familiar with enchantech gear the phrase “Suck Dust” is similar to saying “F**k off and die.”

Techniq - Human term for the formulaic mental structure of a magical spell.

T’Lanth - Coalition member nation. A loose collection of principalities covering the northern reaches of Freidia. First to bear the brunt of the Imperium assault on Elandis, much of T’Lanth has been overrun and the majority of its remaining troops have been conscripted into Imperium service. (See Traitor States)

Traitor States, The - Collective term for the T'Lanthan principalities that surrendered, either by force or by choice, and became thralls of the Imperium.

Valdon - Coalition member nation. A highly religious theocratic society that worship The Seven, a polytheistic religion that dates back thousands of cycles.

Vim - The raw power of magic. Also historically known as Mana or Essence.

Vimsensitive - 1.)  The ability to sense variations in the Etherum. 2.)  A person possessing such ability.
Vimsense is often described as being able to hear the harmonics of magical energy. A Vimsensitive can detect the use of magic nearby via the spellshock and, if skilled enough, may be able to identify certain information about the Techniq such as range, power level, the type of Techniq, or even the channelers identity. 

Vimstone - Blue-green crystals that resemble quartz and can range in size from a few millimets across to the size of large trees. Vimstones occur naturally in Vim-rich environments and resonate at magical harmonic frequencies, making them natural Vim amplifiers. They are vital to the powering of Enchantech devices and coveted by all magic using beings. Vimstone mines are a critical resource to the Coalition and Imperium alike and are among the most heavily guarded assets.

Void - (See Dead Zone)

Ward(s) - Blanket term for magical defenses. May apply to physical defenses such as barrier wards or resistance enchantments such as elemental protection wards, as well as metaphysical defenses such as mental barriers or magical protection Techniqs.

Weave - Dragon term for a magical spell formula. Also used by purist channelers trained in traditional casting methods.

Wyrm - True dragons. Distinguished by their ability to channel Vim and their general degree of social and intellectual development.

Zapper - slang. Common term for a null grenade, an enchantech device which creates an inverse etheric burst resulting in a temporary void approximately ten mets in diameter. This void can disable magical wards and disrupt Techniqs within its area and may also stun Vimsensitive beings.


About the Author

J.C. Rudinsky is an artist and writer living in northern Indiana. She is currently working on Fire and Stone, the second book of the Wyrmweaver series, and creating artwork for the Wyrmweaver Reference Guide. Contact her via email, or if you would like additional information about the Wyrmweaver setting, as well as status updates on future volumes, check out her blog on Wordpress.

jess.c.rudinsky@gmail.com
http://scrynetlinkengaged.wordpress.com

Other books in the Wyrmweaver universe:



"Black Clouds"
The Shadowdragon War: Volume One

There are signs that an ancient prophecy of profound importance MAY have come to pass. Sir Ryan Gedric, a skeptical dragonknight of the anachronistic Order of Balthas, along with his drake, Gantros, have been entrusted with the task of discovering the truth--a truth Ryan, himself, is not sure he even believes in.
His quest ultimately brings him to the ruins of a dead city where he crosses paths with a Coalition Shiv Team that is engaged in a desperate battle with a pair of Imperium cyberdragons. Ryan joins the fray in an attempt to rescue the team’s leader, a particularly driven battlemancer named Sheryl Lanis, and soon finds himself in a life or death struggle against one of the Imperium’s most deadly threats.
Ryan does not yet know it, but the implications of this battle reach far beyond immediate survival and will take his quest in a direction he never could have imagined.
The first novel in the Wyrmeaver Series, Black Clouds introduces several of the primary characters as they take the first steps on an epic journey set against the devastation of a technomagical war on a planetary scale.

Coming in 2014: 

 “Fire and Stone”
The Shadowdragon War: Volume Two

"Every avalanche begins with but a single stone."
Valdoner Proverb

As Lanis faces the consequences of her actions at Talanford, the mystery deepens around the identity of the girl she brought back from the ruins. Meanwhile, Ryan and Gantros shadow the skycruiser Adamant as Ryan tries to puzzle out a means of completing his mission.
But before he can do so, the Coalition High Command begins an operation to break the siege of the Valdon holy city of Galas. The Adamant's true mission is revealed, drawing Shiv Nine, Lanis, Ryan and Gantros into a desperate battle, the outcome of which will profoundly alter not only their own futures, but the future of Elandis itself.
On the 9th of Luun, all eyes turn to Galas as the first stone falls.
Fire and Stone, the explosive next installment of the Wyrmweaver series.
