The Ephemeral Species
Book One - The Dawning
Patrick Smith

The Ephemeral Species Book One - The Dawning
Published by Patrick Smith at Smashwords
patrick@patricksmithbooks.com
Copyright 2014 Patrick Smith


Cover art: One minute exposure photo by Patrick Smith. Two people sitting on the ruins of Sutro Baths, San Francsico.

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher.
 
In the near future...

Chapter 1
"Good morning. My name is Nisha Chandra and you're taking Intro to Astrobiology, 101. I'm happy to be here at Caltech's newly expanded Beckman Auditorium. I'm excited to see so many of you interested in extraterrestrial life."
This was her first lecture as a professor. She took a deep breath and linked the presentation in her Eyepiece device to the view screen behind her. Her anxiety grew as she surveyed the large crowd. She felt most comfortable safely tucked behind a computer screen examining data, making her world renowned discoveries.
"I'll start with the latest news. My team at JPL here in Pasadena recently discovered evidence of ancient water based multicellular life on Mars. Six meters beneath the surface of a crater, a series of layers exist which are similar to those we find here on Earth in ancient sea beds."
"What did you find?" a student in front said.
She walked to the edge of the stage and smiled.
"A few days ago, the Mars geology team dug down six meters beneath the surface of the crater on the screen. We discovered thousands of small objects. They appear similar to the 3.5 billion year old bacterial micro-fossils in Australia, only they're bigger. We've dated the Martian objects to be 3.9-4 billion years old."
"Do you have any pictures of the fossils?" a student in back said.
"Yes! Here they are."
The students collectively gasped as the photos were displayed on the big screen.
"We'll post more photos of them to the JPL website. If you think of alternative theories to explain these objects, let us know. I believe primitive life flourished on Mars four billion years ago. Conditions on Mars were much more hospitable than now. The planet had an oxygen rich atmosphere a billion years before Earth did. Much of its atmosphere was stripped away due to a loss of its magnetic field and for other reasons. Today, pockets of life might still exist far underground. I'm excited about this possibility! I wake up every day hoping to find alien life somewhere. Nothing would make me happier than to examine extraterrestrial life with my own eyes, or at least in photos and data. Soon we might know for sure."
She surveyed the fresh faces in the audience. These weren't the average kids who inhabited the local mall. They came here from around the world because Caltech had a legacy of great people making state of the art discoveries. The school had the highest percentage of Nobel Laureates on the teaching staff of any university in the world.
For a fraction of a second, the muffled sounds of a crowd of people arose behind her. Her heart raced. She glanced back, but noticed nobody onstage. A few students chuckled.
"Sorry about the distraction. The aliens in the cage behind me are getting restless! I'll bring 'em out later."
The students laughed. She didn't know if they were laughing with her or at her. She ignored her elevated heart-rate and continued her lecture.
"Okay, raise your hands if you think life existed on Mars."
All 300 students raised their hands. She raised an eyebrow. How often does an entire class of students agree on anything?
"Do you think life exists on Mars now?"
Again, all the students raised their hands.
"Everyone? Really?"
 She scanned the audience for signs of a prank but detected none. Caltech had a tradition of masterful pranks. As a new professor, she knew she could be the next victim. She didn't want to lose control of the class.
"How many of you think intelligent life currently exists in our galaxy at our level or above?"
Once again, everyone raised their hands.
"Okay, what's going on here? In a class this big, there's always disagreement."
She could hear a pin drop. She smiled and glanced up to the ceiling as she often did when she found humor in something.
"Okay, I'll play along. So, how many of you think we've been visited by extraterrestrials in the past?"
Every hand rose in the air. She thought it must be a prank, but she didn't know what to do, so she continued.
 "Do alien beings live on Earth right now?" she said.
As she expected, everyone indicated the affirmative. Nisha laughed quietly and tried to contain herself.
"Do you think so?"
A student in back shouted out, "Yeah they're in the cage behind you, remember?"
The students laughed. She smiled and glanced behind her, pretending to look at the imaginary cage. She blinked to activate her Eyepiece, which displayed the names of each student seated before her in real time via facial recognition. The eyepiece assistant whispered in her ear, "Mr. Kepler spoke." She smiled confidently, but wiped some perspiration off her forehead.
"Yes they're in the cage Mr. Kepler!"
She tried to buy a little time to deal with the prank when they returned slightly louder this time. They weren't normal human voices. She turned around again. The voices originated inside her mind somehow. She hid her hands behind her back, to hide her nervousness.
"Don't keep us in suspense. Bring them out!" Mr. Kepler said.
The class erupted in laughter.
The voices stopped. Nisha walked to the lectern and took a drink of water. She tried to compose herself and ignore the goose bumps on her arms. She assumed it was a sophisticated prank and she didn't want to fall prey to it.
"Okay, did anyone hear those voices?"
The entire class raised their hands. She smiled, but her heart raced. She paused to take another drink of water.
"Okay wise guys, what did the voices sound like?"
The students whispered to each other, thinking they were now the subject of a prank.
"The voices sounded like the guy who does those intros for sci-fi movie trailers," Mr. Kepler said. "You know, like ? 'they came from a galaxy far, far away to enslave humankind as food!'"
Again the students laughed.
"Okay class, okay," Nisha said.
She also laughed but her breathing became shallow. She couldn't get a handle on the origin of the voices. She took another drink of water. She began to think that maybe it wasn't such a good idea to take this job.
"I'm going to take a poll," she said.
The class quieted down. Nisha smiled, continuing to hide her shaking hands. Her logical mind wanted to get to the bottom of this obvious prank. She played her share of pranks in her day.
"How many people heard voices just now?" she repeated.
Everyone raised their hands. Nisha shook her head.
"Okay, I want everyone to close their eyes. I want to find out exactly what they sounded like to you. Keep them closed. This includes you Mr. Kepler!"
Once all eyes were closed, she began the questioning.
"Did the voices sound human?"
Nobody raised their hand.
"Okay, open your eyes," she said.
The class opened their eyes. Many giggled, unsure of what to think of this.
"Close them again."
They slowly did so.
"Did the voices sound like the noises you make when you click the roof of your mouth with your tongue?"
About 75 people raised their hands. The class opened their eyes and laughed. Some made clicking noises.
"Close them!" she said. "Did they sound high pitched, like they were small creatures?"
About 100 students raised their hands. They opened their eyes, smiling and talking as they did.
"Eyes closed," she said. "Did they speak English?"
Half the class raised their hands. People opened their eyes and continued laughing and talking.
"The voices weren't English, but they sounded a bit like Klingon!" Mr. Kepler said.
The laughter continued.
"All right, let's proceed," she said.
They closed their eyes again.
"Did you hear millions of muffled voices which sounded like they passed through some electronic filter?"
This time, only three students raised their hands. A shiver went down Nisha's spine. She tried to ignore the heavy feeling of sensing the inexplicable. She thought there must be a logical explanation.
"Okay, open your eyes," she said.
Everyone focused on the three people with their hands raised. Nobody said a word.
"Tell us what you experienced."
One student said, "I heard them the first time when you turned around, and louder the second time like you. They weren't speaking in any language I know. The sounds were muffled and electronic with static. The voices were like a large crowd heard at a great distance. The sound originated in my head, not in my ears. I can't explain the experience more than that. Now I'm sweating."
The other two students kept their hands raised and agreed with the first one. Nisha kept a straight face.
"That's exactly what I heard," she said.
She paused and kept her poker face on. She rubbed her hands together to relieve the numbness in them. A student in front giggled. The class nodded their heads in approval. Someone clapped slowly, alone at first. They all broke out in applause.
"Good one professor," Mr. Kepler said. "You had us going!"
Nisha smiled and had the three students sit down. She decided to carry on with the lecture. However, she knew something big happened. She never experienced anything like this in her life. Those three students also understood. They exchanged knowing glances. She continued her lecture, with her popularity and authority intact. She felt her heart beating strongly in her chest. Her chest felt heavy and breathing was difficult, but she carried on as though all was well.
"Does anyone know of Fermi's paradox?" she said, expecting at least a few hands to go up.
Nearly everyone raised their hands.
"Are you serious?" she said.
This time the students were serious and they nodded their heads.
"Well since most of you are familiar, I'll give a brief overview to those who aren't. Physicist Enrico Fermi and others wondered why we've never found evidence of extraterrestrial life, despite the seemingly high probability its existence."
"That's because you're hiding them from us in the cage behind you," Mr. Kepler said.
Some students chuckled quietly.
"He brings up a good point," Nisha said. "Some governmental organization might hide evidence. But I don't believe in conspiracy theories. Possibly we haven't yet developed the technology to detect them. I'm not sure. Maybe alien species hide themselves from detection to avoid being discovered."
Nisha wrote on her pad, the contents of which were displayed on the big screen behind her.
"The Drake equation allows us to make a guess as to how many extraterrestrial civilizations might exist in our galaxy. I'll present my own, somewhat different version of his equation. Let's do the numbers!"

She wrote:

"Number of stars in the galaxy: 200 billion.
Estimated number of planets per star: Two on average.
Number of planets in the galaxy: 400 billion.
Number of Earth-sized planets in the habitable zone: 50 billion."

"Aliens must be everywhere!" Mr. Kepler said.
"Possibly, but there's more to think about," Nisha said.
She wiped the perspiration from her forehead and continued.
"Out of those 50 billion possible Earths, some have no magnetic field so they won't be able to keep hydrogen and water in their atmosphere. Therefore, they're dry like Mars or hot like Venus. I'll make a guess. My guess is one in ten Earths with moderate temperatures have a magnetic field with enough water to support life."
"That's still five billion Earths," a student in front said.
"Yes, but many stars are red dwarfs. They live longer than our Sun, but many of them blast their planets with flares which can cause mass extinctions. I'll cut the number of hospitable Earths to around 1 billion."
"That's still a lot," Mr. Kepler said.
"Yes a billion is a lot, let's examine the other limitations. How often would life emerge on these hospitable Earths?"
"I'll guess on one in ten Earths?" A student said.
"Your guess is as good as mine. We have no way of knowing. We'll take your estimate, though it could be 1,000 times higher or lower. This is the weakest link in our hypothetical chain. So now we estimate 100 million Earths exist where life might form. Plus or minus three factors of ten."
Nisha scanned her audience. Most were interested and a few were messaging friends in their eyepieces. She had trouble writing on her pad, the words appeared jagged. She felt dizzy and hoped she could make it to the end of the class without collapsing. She took another deep breath.
"Let's say 100 million habitable Earth-like planets exist in this galaxy that formed at least primitive life at one time or another. Our question is how many Earths have intelligent life at this moment?"
She received answers ranging from zero to a few million.
"I'd base my theory on Earth, which is the only planet we know of where intelligent life evolved."
"You lost me professor," Mr. Kepler said as he smiled.
The class snickered. Nisha shook her head.
"Okay wise guy. For the sake of speculation, let's pretend there's at least intelligent life on Earth here in this classroom."
"Agreed," Mr. Kepler said.
The class smiled and nodded their approval.
"Okay, the age of the Earth is 4.5 billion years. Intelligent humans, similar in appearance to us, roamed the Earth for at least 50,000 years. So for approximately 1/100,000th of the lifespan of the Earth, intelligent life has existed here. If you chose a random time to visit the Earth, there's only a one in 100,000 chance you would discover intelligent life at the cave man level!"
"Some modern people aren't at the cave man level yet," Mr. Kepler said.
The students snickered again. A bit of perspiration drained into her eyes, prompting her to wipe them clean.
"Very funny Mr. Kepler, now let me continue. Therefore, out of those 100 million Earths we might visit; intelligent life might exist right now on 1 out of every 100,000 of them, which is only 1,000 planets in our galaxy. This assumes all planets with basic life evolve intelligent life like on Earth."
"That's a big assumption," a student in the middle of class said.
"I agree. Imagine if the dinosaurs never went extinct. They would probably still be here and humans would never have evolved. Dinosaurs didn't evolve much for over 100 million years and might have kept going for a hundred million more. We can't assume intelligent life will automatically evolve from basic animal life. Animals evolved for hundreds of millions of years and none of them evolved intelligence until recently. Earth was lucky. Therefore, it's difficult to use the Earth as a standard model for calculating the probability of extraterrestrial life. How lucky is the Earth?"
"Very," Mr. Kepler said.
"I think you're right. Even after the dinosaurs died, humans didn't come around for over 60 million years. We almost got wiped out 70,000 years ago and at other times. We weren't guaranteed. Intelligence isn't guaranteed. The evolution of Homo sapiens is a long shot, even here on this friendly planet. My guess is that out of those 1,000 hospitable Earths where life had the time to form, only a few Earths exist in this galaxy with intelligent life at this moment."
The students paid attention.
"That's depressing, only a few?" Mr. Kepler said.
"Yes. Now, still other factors should be considered. Most stars are older than the Earth. Therefore, many of those Earth-like planets are older. I'll raise my estimate and say 10 to 1,000 intelligent civilizations exist in this galaxy. Nobody knows. Most would be more advanced than us. Considering the immense amount of time available to colonize the galaxy, a single species with a 10 million year head start on us, could easily colonize the entire galaxy by now without faster than light travel. That's a mere instant compared to the multi-billion year lifespan of this galaxy."
The students whispered to each other.
"So where is everybody?" Mr. Kepler said.
The students nodded their heads. Nisha took another gulp of water and breathed deeply.
"That's exactly what Fermi's paradox is all about. With all the possibilities, where is everybody? Perhaps there is a Great Filter which makes intelligent cultures go extinct. We don't even see evidence of AI out there, which could spread faster than organically based life. Drake designed his equation in 1951 to make a guess as to how many planets in our galaxy might harbor life. We didn't understand much about planetary systems except for our own. However, we've found many Earth-like planets because we can detect bio signature gasses on planets which might indicate life. The Seager equation, named after the famed planetary scientist Sara Seager, allows us to estimate the odds of intelligent life existing on a planet right now. The Earth has been sending out bio signature signals for over a billion years. Intelligent life has been present for approximately 1/20,000th of that time. Those are two variables in the equation. Why has nobody visited us, given all we know? Why have we detected no life out there? It's possible there's no intelligent life in this galaxy except for us."
Nisha continued her lecture until the end of the period. The class walked out of the auditorium into the hot and dry September air, continuing to discuss the lecture. Nisha called the three students to the stage to discuss the incident. They huddled close to each other, gripped with fear.
"I don't understand what happened," one student said. "I've never experienced voices in my head. Am I going crazy?"
"No," Nisha said. "If you're going crazy, then the other three of us went crazy at exactly the same time as you. I doubt we're going crazy."
Nisha got an incoming message in her Eyepiece. She read the message from her 15 year old daughter, Priya.
"Listen to this message you guys," she said.
"Mommy, weird voices came into my head just now. My heart is racing. I told some friends at school and they laughed at me. Sophie heard the voices but Ami wasn't affected even though she's the genius."
 Nisha displayed Priya's message on the big screen behind her.
"Perhaps we aren't going crazy!" she said.
The three students took deep breaths of relief before realizing that sanity meant something real happened.
"I'll let you know what I find out about this," Nisha said. "You guys get to your next class and we'll talk tomorrow. I'm sure there's some rational explanation."
The students left, walking close to each other and whispering. They behaved like old friends despite this being the day they met.
Nisha messaged back to Priya, "Hi Pree, I heard them too. So did a few of my students. You aren't going crazy. I'll pick you up on the way home if you would like. We'll talk when we get home. Love ya! Xo!!"
Priya messaged, "Okay, I'll be walking home on my usual route. If I miss you I'll go straight home."
Nisha sent a message to her husband Quinn. He received the message while working on a sculpture in his artist's studio in the back yard.
"Did you experience any voices in your head just now?" she messaged.
 She waited for a second and he replied.
"You're funny Neesh. I think you've had your head in those star charts a little too long! It's okay though, I still love you."
She shook her head, smiled and glanced at the ceiling for a second. Then the smile evaporated as she began to consider the possibilities.
"Quinn, I'm serious. Voices entered my mind, and they also did to three of my students. Priya messaged me. She and Sophie heard the voices too, all at the same time as we did! What about you?"
She stared into her Eyepiece, awaiting his reply. She was unaware of someone waiting for her nearby.
"Sorry Neesh, I'm joking around. The voices I normally hear in my mind were temporarily silent. Let's talk when you get home. I need to finish this part of the sculpture before it dries."
"OK, cu at home. xo!" she said.
She turned around and became aware of Mr. Kepler.
"Are you okay?" he said.
She hid her hands behind her back and tried to compose herself.
"Oh. Um, yes I messaged my daughter. The voices came to her too."
He laughed.
"That's what I wanted to talk about with you. Your prank may go down as one of the best ever at Caltech. You had everyone fooled! I gotta go, but congratulations and I'll be here tomorrow."
"Thanks but.?"
He raced out the door before she could say anything.
Nisha left the auditorium and walked into a faculty lounge where a dozen professors were debating the old string theory. She wanted to find out if anyone else noticed anything. However, nobody mentioned hearing voices. She said nothing and walked out to teach her next class. Nothing unusual happened for the rest of the day, though she overheard a few students discussing the voices. Nisha mentioned the unusual events to nobody.
At 3pm Nisha walked to her car for her short drive home. The day seemed like any other. As she drove, she flipped through the news stations on the wi-fiberlink radio but the unusual voices weren't mentioned.
She burst through the front door and ran straight into Quinn's studio in the back yard. A rounded human-like shape in clay stood in the middle of the floor.
He stopped working as she walked through the door.
"Neesh? Are you okay? You're shaking."
"Quinn, I barely survived the drive home. I almost hit someone."
He walked over and gave her a big hug.
"You're sweating. Sit down and tell me what happened."
She couldn't sit.
"During my lecture, the voices were behind me. At first I ignored them. Then I got distracted. I turned around and nothing was there. The students thought it was a joke, but it wasn't. A few minutes later the voices returned. They weren't like normal voices in my ears though. It's similar to when I'm silently thinking. Thousands or millions of voices filled my mind. Three students out of 300 in my class heard the voices. I'm estimating 1% of the general population is aware of them. I need to go online and find out who else experienced them. Nobody mentioned weird voices on the radio on the way home."
"I never thought I'd see the day when you're talking of things you can't prove, and I'm the one waiting for the facts! Usually it's the other way around."
"I never thought this day would come either. But the voices were real. I experienced them as plainly as my own thoughts right now. You must believe me!"
He took her in his arms and whispered, "I believe you Neesh. It'll be okay."
"Thanks Quinn!"
Nisha ran into the house and straight to her computer. Her Twitter page remained open from early in the morning. She preferred her traditional computer app to her Twitter Eyepiece app. She browsed through a stream of comments from people she followed. For a while, she read no mentions of weird voices. Several pages down the list, Nisha read a tweet from an astronomer friend at the La Silla Paranal observatory in Chile.
The tweet read, "While performing some exoplanet calculations, I heard the sound of a million voices in my mind. Anyone else? #WeirdVoices."
A shiver traveled down her spine and made her toes tingle. She stared at the tweet, wiggling her toes as Priya walked in the front door. Nisha awakened from her trance when Priya entered the room.
"Pree, get over here. Check this out!" she said, pulling Priya onto the chair beside her.
She wanted to show Priya the tweet. Priya stared at the ground.
"Pree, are you worried about the voices?"
"Mommy, I nearly got hit by a car on the walk home because of the distracting voices inside my head. I listened to millions of them. My heart is racing again, like it's going to explode out of my chest."
Nisha put her arms around her.
"I can feel your heart racing. Mine was too, on the way home. I almost blacked out. That car might have been me."
"Oh my God, that was you!"
Nisha's face turned pale as she realized what almost happened.
"Sorry Pree. It's been a bad day."
"It could have been worse."
"Yeah."
Nisha stared at her computer and couldn't say anything for several seconds. She sighed deeply.
"I don't think we're the only ones who heard the voices. Check out this tweet from Chile!"
Priya read the tweet.
"I feel sick to my stomach. What are they?"
"I'm not sure yet," Nisha said. "Let me do a search right now on the hash tag #WeirdVoices. Do you want something for your upset stomach?"
"I'm okay. I want to know what this is."
Nisha searched for #WeirdVoices. Soon dozens and then hundreds of entries scrolled down the screen. They were from all over at least half of the planet. She read the first two.

"I heard #WeirdVoices. I went to the bathroom and got sick. Nobody believes me."
"Anyone know about #WeirdVoices in my head? They weren't like human voices."

Nisha and Priya scrolled through hundreds of tweets all saying the same thing. Some sarcastic comments appeared too.
"Mommy, they're real, what's happening?"
Priya's frightened reaction surprised Nisha. Priya was the strong one no matter what. She hadn't shown her vulnerable side in a long time. Nisha found it comforting and it brought back fond memories of Priya's childhood. She put her arm around Priya's shoulder, rubbing it reassuringly.
"I'm not sure yet. The tweets originate from about half of the world. They're from North and South America, across the Pacific, and over to Asia near Japan. I see no tweets about the voices from Europe, central Asia, or Africa. This is odd."
They huddled close to each other as Quinn came in from the back yard.
"Are you guys okay? What are you looking at?" he said.
Nisha glanced up and coughed to clear her throat.
"We're not okay, but we're not going crazy. Check out these tweets."
Quinn glanced over their shoulders. One tweet after another describing the strange voices scrolled down the page, at the rate of about two per second.
"Wow, is this happening all over the world?"
"No, they only seem to be happening on this side of the world," Nisha said. "That's the odd property of these voices. If the voices happen again and are only received on a particular part of the planet, I'll be able to start to trace an origin."
Quinn began to ask another question when the school bus stopped in front of the house.
"Sanjay is home. What should we tell him?"
"I'm not sure yet," Nisha said. "We'll talk about this at dinner."
They got up to fix dinner and set the table as Sanjay walked in the door.
"Sanj, how did your day go?" Priya said.
 Sanjay glanced around and couldn't seem to focus.
"Are you upset?"
"What a weird day. At first everything seemed fine and then one of my classmates began crying. She said voices were in her head. She calmed down and then the voices came again. The teacher told us they took her away to the psychologist. I think she went crazy. I've never seen a crazy person before."
"We heard them," Nisha said. "Many others did too. We all might be going crazy at once, but the evidence is against that supposition. Oh Pree, I forgot to ask how your genetics report turned out today. Did you present it?"
"Yeah Mommy, I made my first presentation before the voices came. I'll do my second one later. I want to be a geneticist when I grow up."
"I think genetics is a perfect career for you."
"It's exciting because soon we'll be able to fix all diseases by rewriting the genetic code in the same way we code computer programs. I'll be able to find out why Sanjay has autism. Maybe I can fix it!"
"Leave me alone. I like who I am," Sanjay said. "It's mild autism anyway. I'm normal. There's nothing wrong with me."
He stood up and stomped off to his room, throwing his books to the floor.
"What's wrong with him?" Priya said.
"Pree, he doesn't think anything is wrong with him. People get used to who they are, regardless if they're different from others. He knows of no other way to be. If you magically transformed him into what you think is an improved person, he'd probably want you to transform him back. You need to learn to accept people for who they are."
"Yeah, I guess you're right, but I'd like to be transformed into a genius like Ami. A super genius! I still want to cure autism Mommy. I know how the kids bully him. I'd wanna take those kids and-"
"Okay Priya calm down!" Quinn said.
"Da-ad, you don't know what happens in school. They pick on him every day. The teachers don't notice and they do nothing. I wish I had superhuman powers so I could kick their-"
"Pree, you need to relax and ?"
He looked across the table. They sat there expressionless.
"Guys?"
 They appeared preoccupied and glanced behind themselves simultaneously.
"Hello? Earth to anyone?" Quinn said.
"Mommy, the voices are back."
"Yeah Pree, they're back."
"What do they want? I'm sweating. I want to rip them out of my brain."
"I don't know what they want, but I'm going to find out."
Nisha glanced across the table at Quinn.
"The voices came again just now. Did you experience anything?"
"No Neesh, what did they sound like?" Quinn said.
"Hold on."

Nisha did a quick tweet to her 250,000 followers.
"The #WeirdVoices are back, did you hear them?"

The Replies came quickly.
"@NishaAstro Yes, in Phoenix!"
"@NishaAstro I live in Dallas ? loud and clear."

"Sorry, I had to send out the tweet quickly. I wonder where in the world the voices were this time. The sound reminded me of a crowd roaring at a baseball game after a player hits a home run. Something big happened. The voices calmed down. Now they're gone. A soft static sound filtered over the top of the voices."
"Could you tell what any of them were saying?" Quinn said.
"No. The voices don't sound like any language I know. It's full of static so I can't tell for sure. Pree, do you agree?"
"Yeah, I can't figure out what they're saying."
Priya's hands trembled. Her fork rattled against her dinner plate.
"Sorry about that."
An incoming message appeared in Priya's Eyepiece. She dropped her fork on the ground.
"Ugh, that startled me!"
She read the message with great intensity.
"What do you see?" Quinn said.
"It's Sophie Daddy. The voices came to her too."
Priya messaged Sophie.
"Me 2. I'm shaking. cu tomorrow. Did Ami hear the voices?"
"No, she didn't." Sophie messaged back.
Nisha stood up from the table and motioned to Priya to follow. An unreasonable fear twisted her guts into a knot, but she didn't want to make Priya even more frightened.
"Let's go back to my computer and watch what's happening! I'm sweating again, but this is exciting."
"Wait for me!" Quinn said as they left the room.
"Wow," Nisha said. "There's a flood of tweets from here on the west coast of North America, around to central Asia, but none from Europe or Africa. Only a few tweets originate from the east coast compared to eight hours ago. That's a different configuration than the last time."
Nisha manipulated Google Virtual Earth on her screen with the Twitter data overlay and began to notice a pattern. Uneasiness settled over her as she spun the world around.
"The Earth has rotated about 1/3 of a turn in the eight hours since the last voices were detected. And the tweets shifted 1/3 of the way around the Earth. I think the voices are coming from somewhere off of the Earth! It's as if the voices 'set' on the east coast like a sunset and 'rose' in central Asia like a sunrise. In a few hours, I think they'll set here too."
"Mommy, you're freaking me out," Priya said.
Nisha tried not to upset her, though she feared the worst. She didn't think Priya had the maturity to handle these events. However, she always insisted on openness and transparency. She wiped her sweaty palms on her shirt and put her arm around Priya who sat tightly against her.
"It's okay Pree, isn't this mystery exciting? Isn't this what science is all about? Discovering the answers to mysteries? If the voices return in a few hours, we might not detect them here because we're on the opposite side of the Earth from where they originate. When I spin the globe, 'Earth' seems like a funny name for this planet. Its surface is mostly water, not earth as in soil."
"This mystery is too exciting. I feel like throwing up," Priya said.
Nisha squeezed her.
"It'll be okay."

Nisha tweeted, "I'm noticing a pattern in tweets regarding the #WeirdVoices. Will keep you updated."

She added another tweet to start a discussion with her astronomer friends around the world.

"If you speculate on the #WeirdVoices, post them here! #astronomy."
They watched the tweets for a few hours as the stream slowed down. People speculated.
"I think the #WeirdVoices are from outer space! #astronomy."
"Think of a more original meme next time losers! Bogus #WeirdVoices #astronomy."
"The #WeirdVoices are real! #astronomy."
"This #WeirdVoices thing is a farce! #GetaLife @NishaAstro."
"@NishaAstro I used to respect you as a legitimate scientist."

An hour later, Priya and Quinn sat close by as Nisha worked on  a large sample of Twitter location data. She created an overlay map on Google Earth showing the #WeirdVoices tweets recorded after the two occurrences of the voices.
"Guys, you may not believe this," Nisha said. "The Earth has rotated, but the angle of origin of the voices didn't move. Let me show you."
She rotated Google Earth. The tweets moved across the Earth, but stayed in place in relation to the stars. The effect was similar to the pattern of sunlight striking the Earth staying in place as the Earth rotates.
"I'll need a few more data points to be sure but?"
"But what Neesh?" Quinn said.
Nisha held up a finger.
"Wait a minute."

She turned to the computer and tweeted, "From Twitter data, #WeirdVoices coming from direction of Saturn! #astronomy."

"Saturn?" Priya said.
"Yes Pree. They're not necessarily from the planet itself, but surely from that general direction. The distance might be closer or much further away. I don't know."
This created an explosion of tweets, many of them skeptical.
Midnight came and went. They stayed wide awake but school awaited Nisha and Priya in the morning. Quinn had an art installation due early. They decided to go to sleep. Priya slept in their room in a sleeping bag.
Chapter 2
Before sunrise the next morning, Nisha and Priya struggled to talk in their sleep. They bolted upright, sweating profusely. Quinn woke up. Nisha acted calm, not wanting to upset priya.
"Mommy, I dreamed about them," Priya said.
Nisha reached down to Priya, who was still in the sleeping bag on the floor and put her hand on her shoulder.
"You're cold and sweaty. We're here Pree! I dreamed about them too."
"Dreamed about whom?" Quinn said.
Nisha and Priya both struggled to talk. Nisha tried to describe it.
"They were like ummmm?"
Silence.
"They? Like what?" Quinn said.
"It's hard to explain. I couldn't visualize them clearly. I dreamed about hazy figures moving about. The voices were the same voices as yesterday. The voices seemed to come from them. But they weren't speaking audibly."
Priya nodded her head as she put her sleeping bag on the bed and climbed in. Nisha continued.
"It sounded as though they were all speaking at once. I couldn't hear them clearly enough to pick out words."
"Did the voices contain words?" Quinn said.
"It's weird," Priya said. "They were talking but all the words were jumbled together. Maybe they were talking too quickly for me. What I picked up made me think of a stream of consciousness. My vision appeared dark and I could barely see anything."
"Neither could I," Nisha said. "I gazed out a big window. Saturn and its rings were outside. I dreamed of Saturn, but I didn't see it. I can't explain this."
"Neesh, you're usually the logical one, but this time I'm confused," Quinn said. "Are you telling me aliens are contacting you and Priya?"
"Well, I don't think they're trying to communicate, if they exist at all," Nisha said. "I think we're overhearing them, or it. In class yesterday I said I'd be excited to encounter or learn about real extraterrestrial life. However, now I'm anxious and I don't want to know anymore. We've never found evidence of extraterrestrial intelligence. I'm sure there's some rational, non-extraterrestrial explanation for all of this."
"Rational?" Quinn said. "Now that's the Nisha we all know and love!"
She entered, 'mass hysteria' into Google. She reviewed the Wikipedia page.
"Guys, check this out! Someone on Twitter called the voices mass hysteria so I did some research. Mass hysteria refers to the collective delusions of threats to society which can spread rapidly through rumors and fear. Mass hysteria can be anything from people dancing for days on end until they die, to thousands of people thinking polluted water has turned sweet, to people laughing until they become sick. Thousands of people can get rashes with no known cause. The delusions can start with one person having something happen to them. Soon after, others think the same thing too and the delusion spreads like a meme on the internet."
"That's odd," Quinn said. "Might this be happening now?"
Nisha glanced at Priya, raising her eyebrows.
"No way!" they both said simultaneously.
"We heard the voices at the same time with no chance for a meme or rumors to spread," Nisha said.
"Oh, look at the time, we gotta go," Nisha said.
They got up, ate a quick breakfast and walked quickly to the front door.
"Okay I have to go to the auditorium for my second class, I'll see you tonight Quinn."
"Okay Neesh. Bye Pree," he said.
"Bye Daddy."
Nisha dropped off Priya at school and drove to Caltech. She walked onto the stage 10 minutes early and the auditorium was filled to capacity. The crowd estimator app in her Eyepiece counted five hundred students and only four hundred seats. Nisha felt a buzz of excitement in the room. The air conditioning didn't help much to cool things down.
"Okay everyone, settle down!"
Slowly the noise decreased and the auditorium settled into dead silence.
"I had a lecture planned for today about the exciting details of our most recent discoveries of ancient life on Mars. What would be more exciting than that?"
She could hear a pin drop. She scanned the crowd and concentrated on presenting a calm appearance.
"However, I wish to discuss a few things which happened since we last met. Yesterday, voices came to three of your fellow classmates and me. They were also heard around the world. How many of you know about this?"
Almost everyone raised their hands.
"That's good. Yesterday around dinner time local time, the voices came again. They were heard over half of the world each time. The Earth turned 1/3 of a revolution in the eight hours between the first two occurrences of the voices. When I plotted the Twitter location data on Google Virtual Earth, I realized the voices must be originating from off the planet."
Mr. Kepler broke the silence.
"They were from the Klingon home world, right? I knew it!"
The students chuckled. Nisha smiled and glanced up at the ceiling as the morning light reflected up onto it. A few beads of perspiration appeared on her forehead. She resisted wiping them off. She didn't want to frighten anyone so she kept it light.
"Well, if the Klingon home world is directly behind Saturn, then you're right," Nisha said.
The students turned to each other, whispering.
"Let me explain. This morning the voices came back. After doing some calculations, the voices originate from the general direction of Saturn."
The audience let out a hushed gasp. Some in the audience smiled, as if they were waiting for the punch line of some elaborate joke.
"The transmissions might be originating from in front Saturn or behind it, I don't know yet. I say this because in all three instances, 99% of the tweets came from the side of the Earth facing Saturn while few tweets originated from the half of the Earth facing away from Saturn. The voices seem to rise and fall like the Sun once per day. They rose here around breakfast time and last night they set around dinner time. Saturn is almost behind the Sun from our perspective right now, so this makes sense for the voices to rise and fall with sunrise and sunset."
"Sounds like mass hysteria to me!" Mr. Kepler shouted out.
A few students in the audience clapped.
"Funny you should mention that," Nisha said. "Mass hysteria seems to be a real documented phenomenon. As a scientist, I must ask myself if I'm imagining these voices and visions. By the way, I dreamed about Saturn this morning. Is this part of the hysteria? In the dream, I thought the voices came from near Saturn, not on it. I might have generated a vision in my own mind. I don't know for sure. I'll keep an open mind. These voices might be real. I'm a scientist, and mass hysteria doesn't happen instantaneously all over the world."
A student in front said, "Do you think they're real?"
Nisha paused for a drink of water.
"Yes I think they're at least real in the minds of the 1% of the population who appear to be affected. What convinces me they're real is how the hard data favors the hypothesis speculating the voices originate off planet. I'm not saying they're from some intelligent alien species. However, something real is happening that's affecting people in a real way all at once. It's not mass hysteria."
"How many of you think this is mass hysteria?"
About 25% of the students raised their hands.
"Good!" she said. "I like a healthy dose of skepticism. I would be more skeptical too if I hadn't experienced them myself."
 "So if these voices are real, what are the possible causes besides aliens in some space ship?" Mr. Kepler said.
Nisha didn't respond to the question and began to sweat.
"What did you say?" she said.
He repeated the question.
"So if these voices? Are you okay?"
Nisha fell into a trance for a few seconds and snapped out of it.
"I'm sorry everyone, the voices came back again. How many of you heard them?"
She took another drink of water. Four students raised their hands. She felt a chill shoot down her spine and into her toes.
"I notice the same three students as yesterday, but you're someone new. Were you here yesterday?"
"No," said the fourth student. "I came today because my friends told me to come. The voices came through a bunch of static. But they were clearer today than yesterday."
"Yes they sound a little louder too, with less static," Nisha said.
The other three students agreed.
"It's as though they're closer, or louder, or both. Raise your hands if you heard them today but not yesterday."
No hands went up.
"So, you either have the ability to receive them or not. Those who haven't experienced the voices may never be affected. Among you four, did any of your family members hear the voices?"
All four students raised their hands.
"Well, genetics appears to play a role in your ability to receive the voices."
"Or mass hysteria runs in families!" Mr. Kepler proclaimed.
Nisha smiled and glanced up to the ceiling again. The class chuckled.
"Or mass hysteria! This could be true despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary. I've been accused many times of being hysterical. Maybe? Hold on class?"
Nisha got another incoming message in her Eyepiece from Priya.
"Mommy, the voices came back again. They're louder. I'm getting headaches."
Nisha scanned the class. Her smile disappeared.
"Sorry about that. The voices came back to my daughter too."
Nisha messaged back to Priya, "Me 2. In lecture. .. all will be ok. xoxo!!"
"Okay sorry!" Nisha told the class as her hands shook again. "This is more evidence that susceptibility to the voices runs in families!"
A student in front raised her hand.
"What if these are real aliens with real ships and maybe real weapons or diseases? What do we do?"
"Well, we need to figure out where we stand compared to them. We're only now beginning to become a technological civilization. As I mentioned yesterday, many planets are older than ours. Chances are their technology will be far in advance of ours. I doubt we would be able to defend ourselves against them if they were aggressive. Let's hope they're peaceful. I'm still looking for other explanations for this phenomenon. I don't know if these are alien voices. They might be our own reflected TV and radio transmissions, or they might come from some planet or alien probe that reflects them by accident. I don't know yet but I'll find out. We might be picking up our own internet traffic."
Nisha didn't think it was reflected transmissions from Earth, but she felt a need to be professional about it. She finished her lecture and walked outside into the hot late summer day. She checked her Twitter stream. She gained 250,000 followers overnight for a total of 500,000. She noticed the location of the tweets for #WeirdVoices. The origin of the voices shifted slightly.

Nisha sent out two tweets.

"#WeirdVoices might be our reflected TV/radio/internet transmissions. Origin has shifted. #astronomy."
"The ability to receive #WeirdVoices seems to run in families. Genetics?"

Priya and Sophie faced bullying at their high school because of the voices in their heads. They bullied Ami for being their friend. At lunch, they ate alone at a table in the corner of the cafeteria when a group of kids walked by.
The biggest kid said, "Well look who's hiding away in the corner. It's the loonies! Wow, they're still wearing shirts with two sleeves. One sleeve will be enough when they send them away to the loony bin!"
The kids laughed and walked away.
"I'll kick their ?" Priya whispered.
"Shhhh," Sophie said under her breath.
Priya imagined several different scenarios of retaliation, but didn't say anything. They finished lunch and walked back to class. Priya stood up in front of the class to give the second part of her report on genetics. Halfway through, the voices came back as she spoke.
"I think in the future, we'll be able to repair any defect and even?"
Priya froze in place for a few seconds. She awakened and her hands shook visibly. A few students were giggling.
"Shut up jerks!" she said.
She ran out of the classroom with Sophie and Ami running after her.
Priya messaged, "Mommy, can u pick me up? Where r u?"
A few seconds later Nisha said, "I'm heading home now. I'll be there in a few minutes. The voices are back."
Priya picked up a rock and faced the big windows of her classroom. She imagined the rock crashing through the glass, startling everyone. Then she realized that she would be the prime suspect. She stared at the windows for several minutes and dropped the rock as Nisha pulled up just as class ended. Sophie and Ami ran up to her in a panic. They got into the car and drove away from the school. Nisha understood they were both in distress. She tried to talk about it. She held the steering wheel tightly to disguise her shaking hands.
"Pree, did you think they were louder this time?"
"Yeah Mommy, they're louder. They don't sound human at all. They aren't real voices. I wish they would stop. For a second I imagined the planet Jupiter through a giant window. It wasn't like a vision though. It was like a dream."
Sophie's face looked pale.
"They spoke at such a fast pace, I couldn't understand if they were speaking a language. I remember Jupiter also, but I didn't see it."
"I heard nothing," Ami said. "I'm thinking of some explanations. I think they're reflected radio transmissions. The odds of them being from an alien race are small, but we can't ignore the possibility."
They arrived home within a few minutes. Quinn and Sanjay weren't home yet. They walked straight to Nisha's computer to check the current events. Nisha did a quick calculation of the location of the latest tweets. The origin had indeed shifted towards Jupiter, which had an angle of about 20 degrees of arc from Saturn at the time. Both were roughly on the opposite side of the Sun from the Earth. Nisha broke out in sweat again.
"They've moved!" Nisha said. "I better tweet this right now."

"Twitter data: The origin of #WeirdVoices has moved from Saturn towards Jupiter. #astronomy. No #MassHysteria here!"

Priya pointed at the screen.
"Mommy, over one million people follow you now!"
Nisha raised an eyebrow and smiled.
"Wow, you're right Pree. There's no sense of good taste on the internet these days!"
The girls laughed. At the height of their laughter, Nisha read a message in her Twitter message inbox. She clicked on the sender link, @DHSGov, the US Department of Homeland Security.
She opened the message.

"We would like to speak with you about your investigations into the #WeirdVoices phenomenon. Click on this link to download the secure transmissions App ASAP so we can discuss. Thank you."

Nisha glanced at Priya and Sophie with big eyes.
"Oh-kay then," Nisha said.
Soon the App loaded on her computer and she activted the [Initiate Transmission] button. On her monitor, several intimidating men in military uniforms sat behind a large table. Dark paneling set a solemn background.
"Dr. Nisha Chandra?" one of them said.
"Yes, this is Nisha."
"My name is General Lucas Sherman. I'm the primary investigator into the possible military implications of the voices phenomenon. I'll report directly to President Martinez for the duration of this event. We're impressed with your work on the President's counsel for the exploration of life on Mars."
"Thank you," Nisha said as she noticed a rash breaking out on her arm. "How can I be of assistance today?"
"First Dr. Chandra, your children must leave, so we can speak in private. This is a sensitive topic."
Nisha waved to the kids and they left the room. They nearly closed the door, but left a crack open so they could listen.
The General continued.
"Thank you. Now is it true you've determined the direction of origin of the voice transmissions has changed?"
"Yes," she said. "Every time the voices return, they appear to be coming from a different direction based on the Twitter data. There's a pattern to the direction. First the origin came from the direction of Saturn and now it's from the general vicinity of Jupiter. I believe they're originating from near or inside our solar system. The angle of origin has changed so much in the past day that a vessel would need to exceed the speed of light if the source were much more distant than Pluto."
"I understand," the General said. "What do you think might be causing these voices? Do you have any hypotheses?"
"General, I'm a scientist. I search for the truth based on solid evidence and try not to engage in idle speculation. My guesses on this matter are based on no real information. They're speculation."
The General smiled.
"Your dedication to the scientific method is exactly why we've contacted you today. We don't want idle speculation or pseudo-science. Go ahead and speculate."
Nisha breathed a sigh of relief. She hid her sweaty hands below the table so nobody could see them.
"Okay, the voice-like transmissions appear to be coming from off Earth. As the Earth rotates, the origin stays in space. The course seems to be moving in an arc ranging from Saturn towards Jupiter. None of my instruments or those of anyone of which I'm aware, have detected these transmissions. They've only been detected in the human mind. However, I'm sure there's a real signal that can be received if we can find the correct frequency patterns."
She paused to drink some water.
"Please continue," the General said.
"I'm hesitant to mention anything that happens in the mind because real data is difficult to harvest from the mind. The imagination doesn't produce reliable data. My initial estimate is 1% of the population of the Earth can mentally receive the voices or whatever they are. This may not seem like much. However with more than eight billion humans on Earth, the 1% adds up to 80 million people. At first I thought the effect must be some form of mass hysteria or an internet meme, with me being one of those affected. The problem is mass hysteria spreads from one person to the next. This however, affected everyone at once. Also, the ability to receive the voices hasn't spread beyond those initially affected. Therefore, I believe the source of these transmissions is off Earth and is real."
The General looked around at the others in the room.
"Yes this is what we've determined as well. We've been monitoring the situation. We're taking this seriously as a national security issue. We consider you to be the world's foremost expert on extraterrestrial life, so we'd like to employ you to be our primary investigator into the nature of this phenomenon. You would report directly to me and the President. If you agree, you must leave your post at Caltech. We need your full attention in this matter. We'll contact Caltech so you can return to your position when this event is behind us. Do you understand?"
"I under-"
Her image froze on the screen in Washington, D.C. The DHS people thought the transmission had been interrupted. They attempted to reconnect when Nisha began to visibly shake.
"Sorry about that, General. The voices came back. They're growing louder and clearer. It's as though the source is getting closer to Earth. As they get louder, I realize they aren't voices as we understand them. However, they sound intelligent and they're communicating in a language I don't understand or recognize. I don't think they're trying to communicate with us. I think 1% of us are passively overhearing their communication."
The General glanced into his eyepiece for a moment.
"I got a message from my daughter. The voices spoke to her friend again. This is definitely a global problem. I'm working with my counterparts in countries around the world. Are you on board Dr. Chandra?"
"Yes General. I'll go on sabbatical at Caltech. Tomorrow will be my last day. Please contact them to let them know about the situation. My career at Caltech spans two entire days, so I don't have much tenure! I want to return to Caltech when this is over."
The General smiled.
"Great! We'll send you a more permanent secure communications app for your Eyepiece and other devices so you can contact us at any time. The minute you know anything, we need to know. We'll send you instructions giving details on what we need from you. We've already done due diligence on you and we've granted you full security access to my level. We are contacting another specialist at the CDC who may work with you. We haven't confirmed her yet."
"Thank you General," Nisha said. "I'll continue to work on discovering all I can about the transmissions."
They signed off. Priya and Sophie ran into the room.
"Were you guys listening?" Nisha said.
"How exciting, you're a spy for the government looking for aliens!" Priya said.
"I'm not sure if the voices are from aliens. I'm not sure what they are, but I do intend to find out. And I'm not a spy!"
She did like the sound of it though. A spy seeking aliens.
"Mommy, they're not human and they're intelligent. I felt them just now. You did too Sophie, right?"
"Yeah, they were like living computers. They sound like computers but they're talking. I'm having trouble breathing. And I'm sweating like a pig again. Are they coming here?"
"I'm not sure guys, but I'm going to find out!" Nisha said.
Quinn arrived home and Nisha filled him in, attempting to act like it was no big deal..
"Neesh, you can't fool me. I'm not sure about this. I'm not sure if I trust the government to do what's right."
"I know what you mean but there's a small chance they might be aliens. If they are, there's a big chance they're far more advanced than us. We need all the help we can get. Oh Quinn, can you get dinner on? The voices came back again and I want to locate the origin and find out if they've moved."
"Okay," he said.
Nisha downloaded the new Twitter location data set and sure enough, the source had moved. A cold and damp chill descended down her spine, even on that warm day. She tried to act as though everything was fine. Priya noticed the expression of worry on Nisha's face.
"What's wrong Mommy?"
Nisha focused on the data and ignored Priya.
"Mommy?"
"Oh, I'm sorry Pree. Let me send out this tweet and you'll understand why I'm worried."

"Latest Twitter data indicates the origin of the #WeirdVoices is moving in the direction of Mars. Next planet in this sequence? #astronomy."

"Pree, what worries me is the source seemed to intentionally change direction to move closer to Mars. Mars is at nearly a 90 degree angle in the sky compared to Jupiter. This shows intent and the ability to travel at great speeds."
Priya, Sophie and Ami turned to each other, but said nothing. Sophie realized she was squeezing Priya's arm and let go, leaving a hand print.
"Don't worry," Nisha said, trying in vain to assuage their fears. "This is exciting!"
Nisha relayed what she learned to the DHS. Quinn called everyone to eat an early dinner.
The school bus arrived on schedule and Sanjay walked in the door.
"Hi Mom. Can I quit school and be home schooled?"
"Did they bully you again? I'll kick their-"
"Priya!" Nisha said.
Sanjay continued.
"They bullied me as usual, but now they're bullying this kid who talks about the voices. They won't leave him alone. He ran out of the classroom and left the school. Nobody knows where he is. I hate those jerks! I don't want to go to school anymore."
"Sorry Sanjay," Quinn said. "For the time being you need to stay in this school. It's the best school for you."
"Can Sophie and Ami stay for dinner?" Priya said. "It's okay with their parents."
Quinn glanced at Nisha.
"You're always welcome here guys," he said.
"Sophie's parents are going to visit relatives back east for a while. Can she stay with us while they're gone? It's boring back there."
Quinn and Nisha glanced at each other and nodded.
"Sure," Nisha said.
They ate, discussing the events of the day. Priya, Sophie and Ami were giggling and talking quietly.
"What's so funny?" Nisha said.
"What if they're like an alien fungus and they turn us into zombies like those zombie ants living in the tropics?" Priya said. "And we walk around with an alien fungus sticking out of the top of our heads like those ants, doing what the fungus wants."
"That's not real! There's no such thing as zombie ants silly!" Quinn said.
"It's true Daddy, go search. The fungus infects the ants and the ants do what the fungus needs to reproduce. The ants are real zombies!"
"She's right Quinn!" Nisha said.
"I don't believe that!"
She leaned over and whispered into his ear, "Quinnaleeni!"
Quinn shook his head. He loved her playfulness but he didn't want to fall for another one of her pranks. He did a quick search and found information about zombie ants. He stared in disbelief.
"Wow, you're right Pree. There really are zombie ants! I'm outnumbered in this house."
"Me too," Sanjay said.
"Life takes many forms here on Earth," Nisha said. "Who knows what's out there. That's why I've been excited to be looking for life on Mars. Who knows what we'll find when we-"
"Guys?" Quinn said.
"They're zoning out again Dad," Sanjay said.
Nisha, Priya and Sophie seemed to be in a trance for at least 30 seconds. Ami was unaffected.

Nisha snapped out of the trance first and exhaled violently.
"Oh, that was the most frightening one yet."
She looked over at Priya and Sophie, but they were still in a trance.
"Girls?" she said.
After about 30 more seconds which seemed like an eternity, they also regained consciousness.
"What happened?" Quinn said.
Priya got up and ran around the table to Nisha.
"Mommy, my heart is racing again!"
"What's happening?" Quinn said, glancing at Nisha.
"I felt like they're flying by Mars. Did you get the same impression Pree?"
"Yeah Mommy."
"I imagined Mars too, and a huge canyon," Sophie said.
"Sorry Quinn, I gotta go find out what's happening. The situation might be like this for a while. I'm sorry."
Nisha ran into her computer room with Priya, Sophie and Ami close behind.
"The voices are definitely coming from the direction of Mars. Many people describe this as the loudest and most intense event yet."
"Yeah, I agree," Priya said.

Nisha tweeted, "Latest #WeirdVoices Twitter data indicates the voices originate from Mars or nearby. I'll be working with the US government to determine the origin. #astronomy."

Priya pointed to the screen.
"Mommy, two million people follow you now!"
She turned to Sophie and Ami.
"I have a famous mom!"
"I'm not a celebrity guys. I'm a scientist. I don't want attention."
"You're a celeb!" Priya said. "You need to take some old-school selfies for your fans!"
"You guys are silly. I'm not doing that. Let me work now. Go on."

Midnight came and went. The kids slept in the master bedroom in sleeping bags on the floor. They had a fitful night's sleep with no major interruptions.

The next morning, Quinn made breakfast. Everyone sat down to eat.
"Maybe that's the end of it," he said. "You guys didn't complain about voices all night."
"Yay!" Priya and Sophie said simultaneously.
"Let me look," Nisha said. She browsed her Twitter stream.
Nisha frowned as she read the tweets.
"Sorry guys, we were on the wrong side of the planet to receive them. Two new occurrences of the voices happened a few hours apart. They're louder than ever."
She did a quick calculation.
"Hmm, they don't seem to be near Mars any more. They're moving but I'm not sure where they're going.
"Mommy?"
"What Pree?"
"Can we stay home from school today?"
Nisha turned to Quinn and walked over to him.
"What do you think? Can they stay home?"
"Um ?"
"Quinn-orama, I love you," Nisha whispered softly in his ear.
"Oh-kay," Quinn said. "I'm such a sucker. Fine, I'll keep an eye on them! You can stay home too Sanjay."
"Yessssssss!" they all said at once.
"Today is my last day at Caltech. My long career is ending. I better get going," Nisha said, smiling valiantly.
"Be careful!" they all said.
"I will," Nisha said as she walked out the door.

She arrived at the noisy and overcrowded auditorium and walked in. Even faculty members were present. Her adrenaline was flowing and she felt no anxiety at all.
"Okay everyone, settle down!" she said, looking over the huge crowd. "I want to make some announcements."
Gradually, silence took hold.
"This will be my last day at Caltech for a while."
Whispers spread across the room.
"I'll be working with people in our government to learn more about the phenomenon of the voices. They seem to be real and they were last located somewhere around Mars. Now they're heading somewhere else. Maybe here but I don't know for sure yet."
Mr. Kepler stood up in back.
"So they are indeed coming to enslave humankind?"
This time, his interruption didn't receive the same carefree laughter as before. A few giggled nervously.
"Mr. Kepler, this is no longer funny."
He sat down, sheepishly.
"I'm still not sure who or what they are. I find no evidence other than the sounds in the minds of millions, and the views of our local planets. The pattern has changed. I slept fairly well last night and the voices didn't return this morning. However, the voices have returned on the other side of the world. Tonight the voices might return to this area."
A student in the front row raised his hand.
"Could this be an elaborate prank, played on the whole world? At first we thought you were pranking us."
"I don't think so. Despite the fact I've lived my life with the dream of finding extraterrestrial life, this isn't how I wish to encounter it. I wanted to learn about extraterrestrial life at the end of a microscope. This situation appears real to me. It's too big to be a practical joke. It's impossible to keep millions of conspirators under wraps. And there's no way to simulate signals from off the planet and have the origin travel so quickly across the solar system. However, I still don't know who or what is causing this."
Another student raised her hand.
"What if they're real biological aliens and they visit the Earth? What should we do?"
Nisha paused for a moment, deciding what to say. She had considered this possibility for years and now it might be for real.
"As I've mentioned, any species who manages to visit us will probably be far more technologically advanced than us. The closest habitable planet is more than 20 light years away. They can zip between planets in our solar system like a cruise ship between islands. My advice is to do nothing to provoke them. If we were to shoot first, they might decide to eliminate us as we might do to a dangerous animal species. Be careful and don't panic. This might be nothing at all. It might only be a probe. And this effect might be some type of unusual hysteria triggered by energy emissions of some sort. I'm not sure yet."
"When will you be back?" a student said.
"I want to continue teaching here as soon as this event is over. Follow me on Twitter and you'll know what I know. I promise. I'll give updates as often as I can. The official protocol for SETI is to release all relevant information in the event of a discovery because the world has the right to know."
Nisha said goodbye and walked off the stage. She exited the buzzing auditorium with dozens of students following her. She walked to her car and waved goodbye, wondering if she was doing the right thing. As she drove home, she listened to a headline about the dream phenomenon for the first time on radio on the National Public Radio news hour.

NPR Reporter: "Last night the voices grew louder in Asia. People reported dreaming about the planet Mars. Reports on Twitter tell of voices returning to people in Ireland after 12 hours of silence. The voices travel around the world about once per day. Soon we may be hearing them in the US once again. More after this pledge break."

Nisha returned home. Quinn and Sanjay sat watching Twitter with rapt attention.
"What's happening?" Nisha said.
Nobody replied at first.
"Oh hi Neesh," Quinn said. "We're following the latest developments. Some people in Nova Scotia heard the voices a minute ago. I think they're headed this way."
"You might be right Quinn, let me do a few calculations."
Sure enough, the voices were rising in the east, like an advancing sunrise.
"Hmm, the direction has changed again. No planets are near my estimated location. The voices continue to get louder and more frequent."

She tweeted, "The #WeirdVoices moved again and are 'rising' on the US and Canadian east coast now. They're getting louder and more frequent. #astronomy."

Nisha read a message from NPR asking her to be a guest ASAP. She replied. Within minutes she spoke on live national radio.

NPR Interviewer: "Dr. Chandra I'm glad you could be on the show on such short notice. We've given the audience information about your background and what you've discovered about the voices thus far. Is anything happening right now?"
Nisha: "Yes, the voices are returning to the US and Canadian east coast. The timing of the transmissions from space is random other than they're becoming more frequent. I'm unsure about who or what they are. They may be biological, machine, a hybrid of the two, or the manifestation of some other phenomenon. We don't know. I want to tell your listeners not to contact them or provoke them, if this represents a biological life form. Be careful."
After 15 minutes, the interview ended. Nisha and the kids browsed Twitter.
"Wow Mommy," Priya said. "Over three million people follow you. Aren't you excited?"
"I'm not excited about the number of followers Pree. I'm happy because I might be able to educate more people about the wonders of the universe. I'm nervous about tweeting to so many people. I'll get over it. I'm going to send one now."

Nisha tweeted, "#WeirdVoices on the US East Coast next. They may happen on west coast after sunset. #astronomy."

After dinner, darkness settled in over them.
"Mommy," Priya said. "Can Ami stay over tonight? It's okay with her parents."
"Sure Pree, she can stay since Sophie will be here for two weeks. Would you guys like to look through my new telescope? There's a full Moon tonight after sunset.
"Sure," Sophie said. "I've never looked through a big telescope."
"Me too," Ami said. "Wow, this is some serious glass!"
Nisha felt excited to show the girls her new telescope, which arrived the past week. She calibrated it, but she hadn't found the time to peer through the eyepiece.
"First, let me check Twitter again," Nisha said. "I'll make some new calculations. Then we can check out the telescope."

A few minutes later Nisha tweeted, "Latest #WeirdVoices detected on US east coast, the loudest transmission yet. West coast next. #astronomy."

Nisha called Quinn over to the computer, chuckling at her Twitter feed.
"A religious group thinks the voices only come to some people because they're the chosen ones. I guess I'm one of the chosen!"
"Neeshala, you are always my chosen one!"
"You're my chosen one too!" she said as she hugged him.
Nisha walked into the back yard and called everyone out.
"Mommy, the Moon is huge! Can we look at it first?"
"Not yet Pree," Nisha said. "I'm going to check out Mars first to make some adjustments, and then we can turn to the Moon."
Nisha made some final adjustments. Mars appeared sharp considering the instability of Earth's atmosphere on a clear night.

Priya peered into the eyepiece.
"It's so red! I notice some spots of blue though."
"The color is mostly red because the soil on Mars contains a lot of oxidized iron," Ami said. "Some of the iron isn't oxidized and the blue iron sand dunes get sculpted by the wind."
"What's the big streak across the middle of the planet?"
"That's Valles Marineris," Ami said. "It's the Grand Canyon of Mars. It's five times deeper than the Grand Canyon and 10 times longer."
"Why is the canyon so deep? Wouldn't the sides cave in?"
"The gravity on Mars is less than 40% of Earth," Ami said. "So canyons are deeper and mountains are higher. The tallest mountain on Mars is about three times the height of Mt. Everest above sea level!"
"Can I see it Pree?" Sophie said.
"Sure,"
"What's all the white stuff on the top of Mars?"
"That's ice on the North Pole," Ami said.
"Is it like our North Pole?"
"No," Ami said. "At our North Pole in the winter, water snow and ice exists on top of an ocean for part of the year. On Mars, there's carbon dioxide and water frost on top of land. About 2% of the topsoil is water. Therefore it's more like our South Pole where there's land, only colder."
"You're a genius Ami. You know everything!" Priya said
Priya checked her pulse.
"Mommy, my heart is beating really fast. It's 120 and I'm doing nothing. Can we check out the Moon now?"
"Wow, you sure are persistent. Why?"
"I can't explain it. I feel sick to my stomach. I want to see the Moon."
"What does the Moon have to do with your stomach?"
"I'm not sure. Please let me look! Sorry Sophie."
"Okay Pree, hold on a second."
Sophie pulled herself away from the telescope, which Nisha pointed towards the Moon using a software app on her Eyepiece.
Priya peered into it.
 "Wow! I never realized how many mountains are on the Moon. Why are there thousands of craters everywhere? People rarely talk about craters on the Earth."
Nisha smiled.
"Ami, do you want to tell her why?"
"Sure. That's because there's no atmosphere around the Moon. Therefore meteors don't break up in the atmosphere before impact like they do here on Earth. And when bigger ones do strike the Earth, erosion from wind and rain along with plant life gradually wear down and hide the crater. On the Moon, a crater can remain untouched for billions of years. Those footprints the astronauts made in 1969 are nearly as pristine as if they were made yesterday, though falling dust from space has eroded them a bit."

"Mommy?"
"What Pree?"
"What's the name of the little star near the Moon?"
"What star?"
Priya pointed to the left side of the Moon.
"The little star over there," she said.
She stopped looking through the telescope's narrow view Eyepiece and looked directly at the Moon.
"Oh, I can only view the star in the telescope because it's small."
"Okay let me look," Nisha said.
 She felt pleased because the girls showed interest in astronomy. She dreamed of having a child pursue astronomy. Quinn and Sanjay showed no interest at all. They were inside playing Scrabble 3D. Now she had friends with her. She watched Priya closely for a long time. For the first time she saw Priya as a young woman, not her child.
"Mommy, are you going to look into the telescope?"
"Oh, sorry," Nisha said. "Hmm, that's strange. Stars don't have this appearance. It must be a satellite."
She looked closely for several seconds.
"Yes, it's moving slowly. Let me identify the satellite."
Nisha activated her satellite locator app.
"No satellites are in the charts in that location right now, but there's the new satellite the Chinese launched yesterday. The satellite probably isn't on my charts yet."
"Mommy I'm sick to my stomach."
"Me too," Sophie said.
Nisha continued watching the satellite.
"Nisha tried to change the subject. I hope you're not sick because of my cooking," Nisha said as she smiled. "How are you Amy?"
"I'm fine. I liked the dinner. I loved those brussels sprouts!"
Priya held her stomach.
"I don't think dinner is causing this. My stomach ache began suddenly a few minutes ago."
"Me too," Sophie said. "And I'm dizzy."
"I feel a bit queasy myself. ? Now this is strange," Nisha said. "I'm watching the satellite slowly cross in front of the Moon. Usually satellites close to the Earth pass by the Moon quickly. ? Now it's finally moved past the right side of the Moon and the speed is decreasing. This is odd. Hold on."
Nisha messaged a few astronomer friends in Chile to get them to take a look. She continued watching. Soon she got a reply from one of them.
"I can't identify your object. I'll keep looking. There's no record of any satellite being in this particular area right now. It must be far away because we are hundreds of miles apart but the object is in front of the moon from both our perspectives."
Then she remembered the Twitter data.
"Pree, I realize something."
"What Mommy?"
"My Twitter data predicted the voices returned here on the West Coast at the same time the Moon rose an hour ago. And now I'm seeing this satellite where none should be."
Silence.
"Mommy, my heart is racing fast enough already!"
"Mine too," Sophie said.
"Don't feel worried," Nisha said.
She calmly looked through the narrow view Eyepiece. She held the arm of the chair firmly.
"It could be a coincidence. I need real evidence. I'm watching this thing, which appears to be slowing down from our perspective. Maybe this thing is an asteroid close to the Moon. It's moving too slowly to be in orbit around the Earth. The distance must be great, don't worry."
Priya looked through the eyepiece.
"Mom, it's them," Priya said. "I'm positive."
"I agree," Sophie said.
"Them? How do you know?" Nisha said.
"The voices are quiet right now but somehow I know they're nearby," Priya said.
"My stomach is queasier now, like I'm going to be sick," Sophie said.
"Guys, I know you're worried, and the voices have been around for a few days now. However, there's no concrete evidence the little object we're looking at near the Moon has anything to do with the voices," Nisha said.
Nisha looked into the eyepiece.
"It's gone! I guess the satellite or asteroid went behind the moon because of the Moon's gravity. The satellite may reemerge from the backside of the Moon in three or four minutes if it's entering orbit. I'm going inside to monitor what's happening on Twitter."
They sprinted into Nisha's computer room. Priya and Sophie followed close behind.
"Twitter seems to be quiet right now in regards to the voices. Everything seems normal," Nisha said.
"I don't feel normal and neither does Sophie," Priya said. "Wait, I knew it. The words 'queasy' and 'stomach' are trending now.
Three minutes later, they walked outside to the telescope.
"I don't see anything," Nisha said, appearing relieved. "Maybe we observed an asteroid, which might still be behind the Moon. I'm going to keep watching. I figure if it's in orbit, it will emerge from behind the Moon in less than a minute."
The minute lasted for what seemed like an eternity. Nisha squinted. Nisha held the arm of the chair tightly.
"Ugh, the object has returned from behind the moon," Nisha whispered.
"Mommy this is freaking me out. What is this?"
"I'm not sure Pree. I'm going to do some calculations because I know the distance."
Nisha watched closely. About 30 minutes later, the object passed in front of the Moon again. She timed how long the object took to pass in front of particular points on the Moon.
"Oh my," she whispered.
"What Mommy?"
"According to my calculations, the object is more than 20 miles in diameter. Pree, your hands are cold."
"I can't help it. I know the voices come from the object."
"You might be right, but let's take things one step at a time."
Nisha ran back into her computer room with the kids following like ducklings.
"I need to tell the DHS people about this."

After she alerted the DHS, she tweeted, "A new object is orbiting the Moon. 20mi/32km in diameter. This is no prank. #astronomy people investigate! Correlated with #WeirdVoices?"

Within minutes, Twitter volume doubled. More than 1,000 new people followed Nisha each minute. A few minutes later, astronomers began to confirm Nisha's calculations.
An hour later, her DHS Eyepiece app received an incoming transmission notification. Nisha answered on her computer. General Sherman appeared on the screen.
"Dr. Chandra, the President wishes to speak with you."
The kids whispered to each other.
"Okay kids, please leave the room," Nisha said.
They walked out of the room, leaving the door cracked as President Maria Martinez appeared on the screen.
"Dr. Chandra, I'm pleased to meet you," she said.
"I'm excited to meet you Madam President! I'm honored," Nisha said.
"I've been following you on Twitter for some time now," President Martinez said. "I've enjoyed your perspective on extraterrestrial life. Now we may be a short time away from making contact with someone or something from another world. I need to know what to expect. I need advice. What can you tell me?"
Quinn, Priya, Sophie Ami, and Sanjay huddled on the other side of the nearly closed door, listening quietly.
"First of all, nobody knows what to expect," Nisha said. "I've participated in the creation of protocols to be followed in the event of extraterrestrial contact. They state that any information found should be shared, and no reply to an alien species should be made without worldwide consensus. The problem is; consensus by whom? I've believed if we get a signal from a distant world, we should not reply. I think we should lie low because only recently have we emerged as a technological civilization. Chances are they'll be greatly advanced compared to us. In this case, they're bold enough to not lie low. Of course, anyone with a radio transmitter might reply, so protocols probably will be ineffective."
"That makes sense," the President said.
"Yes, but now this potential civilization has discovered us first. This body orbiting the Moon might be a probe, or it might contain millions of human sized beings. All we perceive are voices in our heads and vague dreamlike images. These may or may not come from the object. Regardless, we can't hide our planet any more. We must be careful."
"I agree," the President said. "I wouldn't want to provoke them. What do you think we should do?"
"First, we should assess their technology and their intent. This thing has orbited the Moon twice. They traveled through our solar system like tourists in the Mediterranean on a cruise. They traveled from Saturn, to Jupiter and on to Mars and the Moon in a few days, in a ship 20 miles in diameter. Those planets aren't aligned right now, so they traveled an extremely long distance. They didn't use gravity to slingshot their way from one planet to the next. This indicates an extremely advanced level of technology compared to our own, as well as a mastery of manipulating enormous amounts of concentrated energy."
"I understand," the President said. "What do you think about sending a mission into lunar orbit? A lunar station supply ship is set to launch shortly."
Nisha took a drink of water.
"I think this would be a good idea if you approach the spacecraft carefully. We can't hide anymore. This action will show them we can get off of this planet without being threatening."
"Thank you Dr. Chandra," the President said. "I'll get back to you soon."
They signed off. Nisha turned towards the door and smiled.
"Okay guys, you can come out now!"
The door opened and they rushed into the room in excitement.
"Mommy, you hung with the President!" Priya said.
"I'm proud of you," Quinn said. She smiled tightly.
"Are they going to come here to Earth?" Priya said.
Nisha wiped the hair from Priya's face and took a deep breath like the kind she does at yoga.
"There's no way to know Pree. This might be a probe. I think this is exciting!"
Nisha didn't know how long she could keep up the facade of being calm and collected. She knew that they outclass us in every way. She considered the possibility that this may be the last normal day of life on Earth ever, but said nothing of it as she worked on the latest data.
"Okay, it's getting late. Time to go to sleep," Quinn said.
"Daddy, can we sleep in your bedroom?" Priya said.
Quinn glanced at Nisha. She agreed.
"Sure Pree, get the sleeping bags."
They ran to the closet to get them.
"Quinn, I may appear on the outside as though this is fun and games, but this might be the biggest event in human history. I'm struggling to breathe."
"Yeah, I'm pretending like it's nothing for the sake of the kids."
"Things might not turn out well for us. In the morning, pack some emergency things just in case we need to leave quickly. We could escape to the desert. Even though it's orbiting the moon, the spacecraft might be here in a few hours if they desire. I feel like they could easily do us harm if they wished."
"What evidence do you have to support that conclusion?" Quinn said.
"Hey, that's my line!"
"Yeah, now it's my turn to be the logical one. Well, what evidence do you have?"
Nisha took a deep breath and wiped the perspiration from her forehead.
"The only thing I know for sure is they're here. They traveled at least 20 light years if they came from the closest habitable planet. That feat alone puts them in another league compared to us. And they toured our solar system like it was nothing. Their ship is 20 miles in diameter. My guts tell me that we're nothing compared to them."
Quinn smiled.
"Why would you smile about that?" Nisha asked.
"Guts? You're talking like me now. I like it! Not everything can be sorted and categorized into neat little compartments."
"Believe me Quinn, this does fit into neat little compartments, we just need to identify the new compartments."
"Neesh, you need to admit that your logical world is upside down. You sound like a mystic with all this talk about hearing voices and seeing visions."
"There's got to be a rational explanation for those effects. I'm sure I'll find it. I'll admit that I feel uneasy not being able to explain all of this. And I don't have the power to know how to go about finding the answers."
Quinn smiled.
"Now that's the Nisha we know and love! You're breathing so quickly. Don't hyperventilate. It's the fear of the unknown. Not everything can be explained. Some things are mysterious and inexplicable."
"I disagree," Nisha said. "I think that everything can be explained. We simply don't have the answers yet. Many people find comfort in the unexplained for some reason, but the fact is that the universe is a neutral place that can be fully explained. Our species is not guaranteed to survive. The Earth could be wiped out by a meteor and nobody would save us. Remember that near miss a couple of years ago. If it passed by a few hours earlier, we'd not be here talking about it. The universe existed before us and would continue on unchanged if we disappeared."
"You sound so mechanical. You make the universe sound so cold and unforgiving," Quinn said.
"It is. And it's also exciting and full of discoveries waiting for us. Who knows what we'll find. Who knows what we'll discover about ourselves in the process."
"I think you need a spiritual practice."
"Quinn, discovering the true nature of things is my spiritual practice. And I meditate every day. I'm going to sleep now."
"Giving up so easily?"
"No, you pest! We need to get some sleep."
They walked into the bedroom. Priya, Sophie and Ami were talking quietly in their sleeping bags on the floor.
They said good night, but didn't get much sleep.
Chapter 3
At 4am, Quinn tiptoed to the kitchen for a glass of water. He watched the setting Moon. The huge object orbiting the moon was too small to see with the naked eye. He heard strange noises coming from the bedroom, so he rushed back. Nisha, Priya and Sophie were struggling to talk in their sleep but couldn't utter a word. After about 20 seconds of this, they woke up and gasped for air. Sanjay and Ami woke up in a panic.
The girls jumped onto the bed with Nisha.
"Neesh, what happened?" Quinn said.
"The voices are back, and they're more intense. The visions are fully dreamlike. I imagined the Moon, and the view shifted somehow and I saw the Earth, our Earth! I gotta tell the DHS right now."

After Nisha alerted the DHS she tweeted, "#WeirdVoices and #WeirdDreams probably coming from object orbiting Moon. #astronomy."

Priya and Sophie trembled under the covers.
"What happened in your dreams girls?" Nisha said.
"The voices came from everywhere," Priya said. "I couldn't understand them. I imagined the Moon, but I couldn't visualize the aliens. I think I had a view out of a window on their spacecraft."
"That's what I noticed too," Sophie said. "And I imagined things moving inside. They might be machines or something. I might have been dreaming. It's not like I really saw them."
News of the voices and dreams spread around the world. The stock market opened down 5%.
Quinn made breakfast for everyone while they waited for the President's planned press conference on the big screen. She walked to the lectern.
"Good morning," the President said. "As you may know, an unidentified object about 20 miles in diameter is in orbit around the moon. We know nothing more than this. The objective of a planned resupply mission to the lunar base station by Space Exploration Technologies (Spacex) has been changed to orbit the Moon so we can observe the object. The mission will launch this afternoon, six hours from now. That's all the information I have for now. I won't answer questions since I know nothing more. Thank you."
Quinn smiled.
"That's the shortest speech she's ever given, don't you think Neesh?"
"Yeah, that's because she has nothing to say. She doesn't know any more than me. And everything I know I tweet to the world. I want to be as transparent as I can be."

Nisha walked over to her computer and tweeted, "We must all be careful about first contact. Don't provoke them by transmitting greetings. #astronomy."

"Mommy?" Priya said. "Do I still need to go to school anymore?"
"Of course you do silly! Why do you ask?"
"If the aliens come down and destroy us, nothing will matter. I might as well enjoy what's left of my life."
"Why do you think they would destroy us?"
"Because they always destroy us or take us over in the movies."

Nisha glanced over at Quinn and smiled.
"Pree, I'll admit this is the best excuse I've ever known for avoiding school, but you should go. I know I said you could stay home earlier but let's take this one day at a time. Sophie and Ami, you should go too. We don't know what's going to happen and regardless of the outcome, more education leads to better opportunity. We may need your knowledge to help our human species. I doubt they would destroy us. They probably don't care about us one way or another other than basic curiosity. So don't worry. This might be a probe. Living beings might not be inside the space ship."
The kids got ready and left for school. Nisha walked into Quinn's studio where he worked on a new sculpture. Nisha examined the clay figure closely, trying to push recent events out of her mind.
"What has your brilliant mind concocted now? I can't tell what this represents!"
"Isn't it obvious Neesh? This masterpiece is a mother and child looking to the sky. I watched you and Priya using the telescope and I got inspired."
She turned her head sideways and walked around it, attempting to get a different perspective.
"Oh, I understand now. I can't decide if you're a genius or crazy person."
"I'm a crazy genius!"
He gave her a big hug.
Nisha walked back to her computer and performed another analysis of the Twitter data. The voices were definitely coming from the object in orbit around the Moon.

She tweeted, "The object is orbiting the moon every two hours. Living occupants may or may not be on board. We must keep an open mind. #WeirdVoices #astronomy."

Soon afterwards, the voices returned, and paralyzed Nisha. A minute later, she ran into Quinn's studio.
"Something is different now Quinn!"
"Neesh, you look like you've seen a ghost. What's different?"
"The voices are back, but they aren't the same."
"What's not the same?"
"The voices sound more direct, like they were trying to communicate or affect us in some way. They weren't random voices like before. I still don't understand them. I imagined static and hissing. The voices entered into my mind in the same way as when I think. They paralyzed me for a few seconds. They released me and I ran back here to see you."
Nisha sprinted back to her computer with Quinn behind her.

She tweeted, "There's something different about the voices. Paralysis? More soon. #WeirdVoices #astronomy."

Nisha got an incoming message.
"Quinn, Pree messaged me. Something happened. She wants to come home from school. I'll be back."
She rushed out of the house and arrived at Priya's school in a few minutes. Recess began. Priya spotted Nisha first and ran to the car.
"Mommy, I want to go home," she said. "I'm sick to my stomach again. So is Sophie. They left Ami alone, but she is going home to her house. Sophie and I became paralyzed for a minute when the voices came. They affected us directly this time. I walked out of the classroom but I had no control of myself. I felt self-aware, but I could do nothing but watch myself walk. I snapped out of the trance once I walked out of the classroom. Some of the students in my class laughed at Sophie and me."
"Okay, let's go home," Nisha said. "It will be okay guys. We'll figure out what's happening. I had a similar experience, but I didn't involuntarily walk around. They paralyzed me for a few seconds."
"I felt like a machine being remote controlled. I couldn't stop myself," Priya said.
"Are you serious? You lost control of yourself? I didn't experience that."
"I almost threw up," Priya said.

They arrived home. Nisha advised the DHS of the latest developments and she tweeted, "New #WeirdVoices development: My daughter felt remote controlled for 30 seconds. Anyone else notice this?"
Nisha heard noise coming from the bathroom. She rushed to the closed door, where Sophie stood.
"What's wrong?"
"Pree's getting sick."
"I'm okay," Priya said. "I'll be fine."
Sophie cleared her throat repeatedly. Nisha put her arm around her.
"Let's go into my office," Nisha said. "We'll wait for her there.
Sophie watched as Nisha communicated with the scientific community. Eventually, Priya emerged from the bathroom and sat with them for a couple of hours.

Quinn listened to the business report on the radio while he worked in his studio.
Reporter: "World stock markets continued to drop throughout the day with the US averages down 8% by the close of trading. At one point, the market dropped 5% in only a few minutes when Twitter's now famous astronomer and WeirdVoices poster Dr. Nisha Chandra sent out a tweet stating her daughter had been remote controlled by something. Many others also reported becoming remote controlled once Dr. Chandra broke the news. The victims were young."
Quinn ran into Nisha's computer room.
"You were on the national news because of the tweet you sent out about Priya becoming remote controlled. I guess I need to listen to the news to find out what's happening with my family."
"Sorry Quinn, I saw how focused you were and the girls needed to be by themselves. So I didn't call you in."
"Oh, okay. Well, the stock market dropped 5% right after you tweeted that. You can move markets now."
"No way," Nisha said as she turned to Priya.
"Way Mommy. Ten million people follow you. The major news services follow you too. Many thousands more follow you every few minutes."
"She's right," Quinn said. "People listen to you now. You're a celebrity!"
"I don't want that," Nisha said. "I want to educate people about science and astronomy. I want people to know what I know. I wish I could turn back the clock. I'm getting too many interview requests, and I need to do my work."
A few hours later, the Spacex mission lifted off and headed for lunar orbit. No transmissions coming from the object in orbit around the Moon had been detected with standard instruments. Only static was detected.
Sanjay arrived home after school.
"How was your day Sanj?" Quinn said.
"Not good. A classmate sleepwalked in the middle of class. Some of the other students made fun of him like they do to me sometimes. I hate them!"
"Sleepwalking happened to Pree and Sophie too," Quinn said. "We need to figure out what to do."
Later in the evening, Nisha and her family along with Sophie watched a live video feed of the space flight to the moon on the big screen as they ate diner. After dark, they walked outside and gazed at the moon and the object in orbit through the telescope.
"Mommy," Priya said. "Do we need to go to school tomorrow?"
"I think you should," Nisha said. "We should continue to lead our daily lives. We shouldn't let these strange events stop us from living. And you can't let bullies at school rule your life."
"Mom-mie?"
"No Pree, you should go."
"But ?"
"Keep going for now Pree. If events turn for the worse, I'll find a way to home school you."
"Fine," Priya said. "But if I sleepwalk into the street and get killed, it's your fault!"
Nisha smiled and looked up. She glanced at Quinn.
"Can you believe Pree? She thinks one little alien-induced remote controlled sleepwalk can get her out of going to school!"
Nisha paused when she saw Priya wiping her sweaty hands on her pants.
"I'm sorry Pree. I've become used to these voices. Only a week ago, we thought we were going insane. Okay you can stay home tomorrow."
"Yay!" Priya said. "I'll still do my homework."
"I'll do mine too," Sophie said.
Priya peered through the telescope.
"The ship looks like a little dot. How can such a small spacecraft affect us like this?"
"I'm not sure Pree," Nisha said. "Remember, this ship is 20 miles in diameter. At first, I think we overheard their transmissions. Now, they're intentionally connecting to us."
"Why can't the voices come to everyone?" Priya said.
"There's something about the structure of our brains which allows us to be tuned in."
"What do they want?" Sophie said.
"I'm not sure if they want anything. They might be stopping by to observe us. They might be playing with us in the way we play with bugs."
They watched the object for a while and walked inside. Nisha hurried to her computer to read the latest news.

She tweeted, "Listen to children affected by #WeirdVoices. Share your experiences here. Something is different now. #astronomy."

Nisha watched the replies scroll down the screen. She motioned for Priya and Sophie to come over to the computer.
"Listen to this you guys. Most of the children who heard the voices ended up sleepwalking like you! They got sick too, from anxiety."
"Is this good or bad that others are sleepwalking?" Sophie said.
"I think it's bad," Priya said. "They can control all of us."
Sophie watched the comments scroll down the screen.
"I want this to end."
"Me too," Priya said.
Priya glanced at Nisha, who studied her Twitter stream.
"Mommy, I'm getting tired. Can we sleep in your room tonight again?"
"Sure," Nisha said. "Get the sleeping bags. I'll be in soon."
For an hour Nisha watched her Twitter stream, which included the latest news from all over the world. Quinn and Sanjay came in to check on her.
"It's time to go to sleep, Neesh," Quinn said. "The way things are going, you'll need all the sleep you can get."
Nisha yawned.
"Okay I'll admit I?"
"Admit what? Hello?"
Sanjay frowned.
"They're at it again Daddy. They're in a trance."
Quinn glanced back at Nisha.
"Neesh?"
They studied her for a long minute. She finally woke up.
"Ugh. Excruciating!" Nisha said. "I couldn't move, but I watched you trying to get a response from me. I couldn't do anything but watch. The voices were in my mind and I felt paralyzed. I had no will to fight. I need to alert people."

After she notified the DHS, she tweeted, "The owners of the #WeirdVoices paralyzed me. They're doing this to us intentionally. I'm sure of this. #astronomy."

She watched for the replies and sure enough, many people experienced the same thing.
"Quinn, where's Priya and Sophie?" Nisha said.
"They're in our bedroom."
They ran back into the bedroom. They were standing in a corner of the room huddling next to each other. Nisha tried to get them to wake up.
"Pree? Sophie?"
Priya ran into Nisha's arms with Sophie close behind.
"Mommy, they controlled me. I almost couldn't stop them. They wanted me to leave the bedroom. I had to force myself to stop. Two different people existed in my own mind. I wasn't afraid at the moment, but now I am."
"Me too," Sophie said. "The voices are the same as always, but now they're affecting me more physically."
"It's okay, we're here," Nisha said.
She hugged Sophie too and realized it might be impossible to protect them from whatever this was. She couldn't protect herself and began to realize the gravity of the situation.
"I don't want to go to sleep," Priya said. "They might take me over again.
"Me too," Sophie said. "I'm definitely not going to sleep!"
"Okay guys, you don't need to go to school tomorrow!" Nisha said.
"Okay," Priya said.
Sophie smiled weakly.

Nisha shook her head at Quinn.
"You know things are bad when they don't get excited about a day off from school."
"You're right about that."

Nisha wrote one last tweet for the day, "The entity in space briefly controlled my child. Watch out for this and comfort them. #WeirdVoices #astronomy."

They had trouble sleeping overnight.

Chapter 4
Nisha woke up early to watch the arrival of the Spacex mission into orbit around the Moon. The US stock market opened down big again and had dropped a total of 15% since the voices began.
The DHS contacted Nisha and she spoke with General Sherman again.
"Good morning Dr. Chandra. Within an hour, our astronauts will make visual contact with the alien vessel. Right now the vessel is orbiting on the other side of the moon from our astronauts. We want your input as to what to expect."
"I wish I could give you a clean list of expectations and guidelines, but I can't," Nisha said. "The most important thing is to be prepared for any eventuality. This is probably the most significant meeting the human species has ever attended. The meeting might go in many different directions."
Okay, we're listening," the General said.

"First, they might ignore us. We might be nothing but a fly on their wall. In this scenario, take care to not irritate them or they might swat us away. Don't do anything to make the situation worse."
"Okay, what else?" the President said.
"Next, they might regard our approach as a threat. We must approach them slowly and carefully. Use passive reconnaissance, don't scan them. They're highly advanced so I doubt we're a real threat. However, if we threaten them, they might remove the threat to make their lives easier."
"I agree," the General said.
"Thirdly, they might be here to explore. There's no way to hide our planet or species now, so we might as well be open. Let them scan us and possibly we can be curious too."
"Let's hope they aren't too curious," the President said.
"Finally, this might be a probe with no sentient or organic creatures aboard. Be careful not to do anything that might lie outside of their pre-programmed plans. The probe might execute software instructions designed for self-protection. We don't want the vessel to protect itself by killing the astronauts or destroying the Earth."
"Yes, sophisticated systems might overprotect themselves," the General said.
"Try to learn about them and record as much information as you can and send it back to Earth instantly if possible. That's all I can tell you for now. I'll be ready when they get close. If they're organic, I might be able to spot behaviors which can help our cause. Our cause might range from learning about the universe to the survival of our species."
After another 10 minutes of discussion had elapsed, they finished.
"Thanks Dr. Chandra," the General said. "Our mission will be in visual range in 45 minutes. Stand by to connect to the mission. Thus far, no change in the status of the alien vessel has been observed. I'm sure they know we're coming. You'll connect before we're in visual range."
"Okay," Nisha said. "Good luck!"
The next 45 minutes seemed like days. The stock market gradually drifted 2% lower on the day on low volume as people waited. Billions of people on Earth who had access to a connected device watched anxiously. Business activity ground to a halt. Heavy traffic seemed to evaporate from cities and highways. Airline flights were canceled due to low passenger volume.
Nisha connected to the astronauts on board the Spacex mission. She and her family were able to watch in real time, as though they were there. The nearby Moon filled half the sky, in high relief against the black void of space. On the Moon's horizon, a small shining star appeared.
"We've established visual contact with the alien vessel," astronaut Steve Messier said.
Nisha monitored her twitter stream's astronomy list for the latest updates. Many important astronomers and scientists promised to update Twitter with all relevant discoveries and observations.
"Steve, thus far I'm receiving no reports of any changes coming from the vessel," Nisha said.
"Acknowledged," Steve said.
"I understand the voices have come to you too," Nisha said.
"Yes, right now I hear them faintly, at precisely the same time we got into visual range."
"I detect nothing right now," Nisha said.
"As we get closer to the vessel, the voices are getting louder."
"Be careful!" Nisha said.
For 20 minutes, they edged closer to the sphere and they went behind the moon from the Earth's perspective. After four more minutes, they emerged
"We're now 10km from the alien vessel," Steve said. "It's perfectly spherical and reflective. It's as smooth as a mirror. Even from this distance the vessel fills a 90 degree arc in the sky. We're picking up no signs of communications or other energy transmissions. The thousands of voices continue to become louder as we get nearer. They appear to be communications of some sort. The voices are clearer up here compared to when I'm on the surface of the Earth. They're unlike any language I've ever known, assuming they're voices."
Nisha continued monitoring her network of astronomers on Twitter and more direct links.
"Nobody on my networks detect any signs of activity. I'll keep monitoring the situation."
"Five kilometers and closing," Steve said. "We're preparing to decelerate. The vessel is silent. We're picking up nothing on our instruments here on any frequency other than the static which we hear as voices. We calculate the diameter at 32 km or 20 miles. From this distance, the vessel takes up over 120 degrees of angle in the sky. The moon is reflected perfectly in the sphere. I get confused looking down to the moon and looking up to its reflection. It's disorienting to be this close. The voices sound louder. They're still unintelligible."
"Nothing is being reported on my network," Nisha said.
On Earth, activity came to a standstill. The US stock markets were still open for trading. The averages had dropped 3% and stabilized. The President and members of Congress were holding sessions underground. Most schools were closed or had sent their students home early. People studied their Eyepieces, mobile devices, monitors or video screens.
20 minutes later they drifted to within 100 meters of the surface of the enormous alien vessel.
"We detect no signs of activity," Steve said. "We can see our reflection. We're so close we can no longer perceive the curvature. The sphere appears to us like an endless flat mirror. My heart rate is 120. The alien vessel is magnificent. Allen Cassini is prepared for the spacewalk now."
"I'm still receiving nothing new down here," Nisha reported.
"Acknowledged Nisha," Steve said. "Allen, proceed when you're ready."
Within a minute, the airlock opened and Allen exited the spacecraft. He lightly used his thrusters.
"80 meters to the edge," he said.
"Go slow," Steve warned.
"60 meters and closing at one meter per second. I'm reading no anomalies at all from any instrument," Allen said.
"Same down here," Nisha said.
"The voices seem to be speaking at a more rapid pace," Steve said.
"I'm going slow and easy," Allen said. "30 meters and closing at 0.5 meters per second. My pulse rate is 120."
After one of the longest minutes in human history, Allen closed to within one meter of the surface of the sphere.
"I'm reading nothing unusual here other than an extremely high frequency emission which seems to envelop the sphere within a few meters of the surface. The closer I get, the more intense the emission becomes. I can't detect any patterns at all. The sphere might act as an antenna, focusing weak signals from their home world."
"My pulse is also 120," Steve said.
"Allen, proceed with extreme caution and attempt to get as close as you can. The voices are increasing in intensity."
"Acknowledged," Allen said. "I think I'm as close as I'm going to get. My reflection isn't as clear as was further back. The surface has no solid edge. I can push my hand in a little bit, but there's some form of resistance.
"Stop," Steve said. "The instant you touched the surface, in my mind the voices became more active. I'm picking up an energy transmission now. I think you better get back here immediately."
"Affirmative," Allen said. "I'm on my way back."
Nisha noticed some new tweets coming in from her astronomer twitter list and other sources.
"A burst of transmissions came from the sphere just as Allen made contact. I also recommend an end to the space walk."
"Understood Nisha," Steve said. "The withdrawal process is underway now. Hold on, I picked up a brief static electric charge. Allen, get back here now."
"This is weird," Allen said. "There's a bulge developing in the reflective surface. Do you see that?"
"Yes I do. Hurry up," Steve said.
"The bulge is getting bigger. A smaller sphere popped out. The visual effect is like when a drop of water hits a puddle and a smaller drop reemerges."
Billions of people on Earth watched the events unfold. The stock market began to drop more.
"Allen, be calm and don't engage the object," Nisha said. "Don't act aggressive or show fear. Slowly make your way back to the ship."
"Understood," Allen said. "I'm 80 meters from the ship. My speed is 0.5 meters per second away from the big sphere. The smaller sphere is about three or four meters in diameter and heading right towards me. The surface is reflective and looks like the big one does from further away. The sphere is getting too close for comfort. It's only three meters away from me. ? I'm detecting an energy transmission."
"Okay," Steve said. "The sphere is probably scanning you. I'm not detecting any ionizing radiation or any other danger. Stop and let the scan proceed."
"All stopped," Allen said. "Wait, I notice a little bulge developing in the smaller sphere. A little floating object has emerged. Can you confirm?"
"Yes," Steve said. "It appears to be a drone about the size of a basketball. The device is mechanical and not organic or living. Several of its thrusters can fire in rapid succession. Don't move and let the drone examine you. Your pulse is 140. Take a deep and slow breath."
"Understood," Allen said. "The drone is moving closer and is now right in front of my face. Some intelligence might be at the controls, but I sense the drone is acting autonomously. It appears to be scanning me. A camera or eye is in front. Eight legs are opening up from a central body. This drone looks like a metallic king crab or a giant spider. It's nimble like a spider."
"Allen, don't move. The voices are getting more active in my mind now. Something is happening. Nisha, are you picking up anything on the ground?"
"Yes, the voices are louder now Steve," Nisha said. "I think they're clearer to you because of your close proximity. Nobody I'm following is reporting any significant changes in the status of the big sphere."
"Acknowledged Nisha," Steve said.
"The spider drone is an inch from my helmet now Steve," Allen said. "Its legs are grasping onto the edge surrounding my clear visor. I'm having problems seeing. I'm beginning to not like this."
"Stay calm Allen," Steve instructed. "Let it finish studying you and return to the sphere."
"Understood," Allen said. "This is strange. Now I can't seem to move. I can breathe fine but I can't move my arms or legs. I'm paralyzed."
"The drone is probably doing this to avoid any trouble while data is being collected. Try to relax. Breathe deeply and slowly."
"Easy for you to say," Allen said. "My heart rate is 150. Now the drone is grasping around the edge of the clear visor part of my helmet. A thin appendage is coming out of the center thorax of the drone body. The appendage is thick but nimble, like the labrum of a mosquito. I hope the purpose is different. The labrum is tapping on my helmet. I think it's searching for a way in. I can't move or get this thing off of me. If my suit is punctured I'll die."
"Stay calm Allen," Steve said. "Their mastery of AI and other technologies is highly advanced, so they must know what they're doing. If they wanted to kill us, we'd already be dead. They paralyzed you but you can still breathe. They know what they're doing. They're trying to examine you."
"I hope you're right," Allen said. "Steve, the drone is drilling a hole in my visor. Tell my family I love them. I can't move. The drill is penetrating now."
He paused for a very long second.
"I haven't lost suit pressure, though the needle has penetrated my visor by about one inch. The needle is half the thickness of a straw. I thought the drone would try to suck my blood or inject me with something but so far nothing has happened."
"Allen, this is a good development in some ways," Nisha said. "The drone seems to be taking care to not allow the air to escape from your suit. You're wanted alive. I'm watching the video from the camera that's inside your suit. I can watch everything you're seeing. You're sweating a lot. Try to stay calm and breathe evenly. The drone might be sampling your air and doing other tests."
"Right Nisha, but I'm wondering why the drone wants me alive. Maybe it wants to incubate something in me. Well I should not be arguing at this point, right? I'm still alive at least," Allen said, trying to bring a little humor to the situation. "Wait, a small cloud of dust is coming out of the hollow needle. The drone is too close for me to see."
"This is only speculation at this point," Nisha said. "The cloud isn't dust. Judging from the way the cloud moves, the cloud is intelligent. The cloud seems to be comprised of small nanometer sized drones which can move independently. As I watch, they move as a swarm too. Now they're dissipating within your helmet. What are you experiencing?"
"My neck itches," Allen said. "I'd like to scratch but I can't move. Even if I could, I can't scratch through my suit. They're, crawling all over my body. Some are in my nose. They're going down my throat. This is uncomfortable."
"More of those spider drones are exiting the small sphere," Steve said. "They're heading towards the lunar module. I'm starting to become paralyzed so I'm strapping myself in. The voices are loud now."
"I'm looking at the external cameras," Nisha said. "The spider drones are crawling around over the entire ship. They seem to be inspecting the external components. I notice one floating over to the biggest window. Do you see Steve?"
"Yes, the spider drone's labrum is drilling a hole in the glass. I hope it remembers to keep the air inside. ? Now the labrum is through the glass and the air isn't escaping. The drone is releasing a cloud of those nano drones."
"The stock market is crashing," Nisha said as she watched her Twitter stream. "It's down 10% in the past 3 minutes. Trading is halted. That's a 20% drop in the past few days. People are emptying stores too."
"The nano drones are filtering into all of the electronics," Steve said. "Some are crawling around on me now. Allen, are you okay?"
"Yes, but that's a matter for speculation," Allen said. "The drones are exploring the inside of my body. My insides are itching, like a million ants are crawling around inside. I'm not in pain and I'm not sick. I still can't move. I'm floating out here."
Two minutes of silence.
"Wait, now something is different. I think the drones stopped probing. They're exiting out of my nose now. My nose itches like crazy. ? Yes, they're all leaving and they're entering the labrum of the spider drone. I'm worried what will happen when the drone pulls out the labrum."
"Steve, what's happening over in the capsule?" Nisha said.
"Clouds of them are everywhere," Steve said. "The inside of the cabin looks dirty. Cleanup seems impossible. They're inside of me too. The experience is similar to the tingling when your leg falls asleep, except it's all throughout my body. Some of them are returning to the spider probe now."
"Allen, what's happening with you?" Nisha said.
"The spider probe on my visor is withdrawing its labrum right now. I don't detect any air escaping. The labrum is filling in the hole in the glass. What a relief! The tingling is gone. Also, I'm beginning to regain some control over my limbs. I think the paralysis is wearing off."
"That's good news," Steve said. "Get back to the capsule as soon as you can. The nano drones have reentered the spider drone. The hole is sealed."
Steve paused for a while, then continued.
"The spider drones are reentering the small sphere. Now the small sphere is heading towards the huge sphere. ? The little sphere entered the big sphere like a water droplet falling onto the surface of a larger body of water. I think we're going to be okay!"
"The stock market is rebounding," Nisha said. "In the past minute, half of the losses have been recovered. The averages are still down about 5% on the day though. You guys will need to stay up there while we assess the contamination protocols. We can't allow you return to Earth now."
"I understand," Steve said. "I look forward to the resupply and decontamination shuttles. We're going into a lunar orbit on the other side of the moon from them now."
Twenty minutes later, Nisha signed off. She sighed and logged into her retirement accounts and sold everything. She realized the unpredictable nature of this encounter and the uncertainty of the future. The stock market hates uncertainty.
Soon afterwards, the DHS contacted Nisha. Her family hid behind the door as usual.
"Hello Dr. Chandra, this is General Sherman. You did an excellent job today!" Nisha smiled.
"Thank you General. I had to improvise my way through the whole thing. We know nothing."
"That's why we wanted you here with us," the General said. "We needed someone with a wide array of skills to assist us. We'll need you for some time. It appears they'll be here for a while."
"I agree. Their technological prowess is impressive," Nisha said. "Do you want to know my initial impressions?"
"Yes."
"First of all, the nano drones are extremely complex. I think they know everything about our bodies now. They know our capabilities, our limitations, our DNA, and everything else. They might know more about us than we know about us. They also know about our technology. They've inspected our computer systems and probably downloaded information. They can paralyze us quickly and easily. Their voices sound like parts of an interconnected hive-mind."
"Do you think the alien entities behind this are artificial?" the General said.
"I can't tell if their intelligence is machine, organic, a hybrid of the two, or something else. Perhaps their AI hit a singularity. Then the original organic species went extinct and these machines are what's left."
"That sounds familiar."
"Yes, our species is coming to a critical point in our evolution where artificial intelligence will surpass human intelligence. When that happens, we may be outsmarted by AI and go extinct. The smarter species always wins. We might leave behind machines which later explore the universe. The machines we're encountering now might be what's left of an organic species from a distant planet. Their makers might be extinct. The voices I pick up in my mind sound electronic to me."
"Yes, we've been discussing this AI singularity extinction thing in my DARPA meetings lately. It sounds like sci-fi to me."
"Don't take this lightly General. I've spent my life studying the living and dying of species. Species go extinct when others get an edge on them. An advanced AI will have an advantage over us. And it won't care about us because it's self-modifying. We'll be out of the loop."
"Okay fine," the General said. "Now, what lesson did you learn from this encounter?"
"The most important lesson I learned from this, is they learned a great deal about us and we learned little about them. We're going up to bat with two strikes against us. I need to think more about this before I can say any more. I hope they're friendly."
"I hope they are too," the General said. "Thank you Dr. Chandra. I need to go, but keep us informed the minute you know anything."
"I will," Nisha said. "Be careful when you quarantine the astronauts when they eventually get back. Active nano drones might still be inside them."
Nisha signed off and wrote a few tweets, updating everyone about what she had learned. Priya ran into the room first.
 "Wow Mommy, you're a star! Everyone in the world will know about you. More than 20 million people follow you on Twitter!"
Quinn ran to Nisha and picked her up in his arms.
"I'm proud of you Neeshimi!" he said, with the widest smile.
"Put me down you oaf!" she cried out. "Bring me my crown Quinnster and bow down before your queen like the subjugate you are!"
They laughed.
"What's going to happen now?" Quinn said.
"I have no idea," she said. "All we can do is to wait and watch what they do. We can't be like a Jedi knight in an old Star Wars movie and suggest to them, 'Move along now, this is not the planet you're looking for!' What's happening now is my biggest dream and my worst nightmare all rolled into one. For right now, I want to have dinner and relax for a while. Oh, by the way I sold all of our stock holdings to be on the safe side. I bought some put options so if the market drops, we make money."
"Good move Neesh! Quinn said. "Your hands are sweating again, but they weren't a minute ago."
"Yeah, I was so focused on what was happening up there that I forgot about being scared. It was a nice feeling while it lasted."
After dinner, Nisha walked outside to watch the moon through the telescope. She wondered if these were the last of the good old days. All the sudden, she felt nostalgic for the recent wars and famines which had killed millions and displaced hundreds of millions. It would be nice to only have those problems to worry about. They seemed quaint compared to what may lie ahead. An hour later, Quinn walked out into the warm and fragrant summer air.
"Neesh, you've been staring at the moon for a long time. What are you thinking?"
"I'll tell you in a minute," Nisha said, deciding not to tell him everything. "Peek into the eyepiece. You need to view the alien sphere."
Quinn followed the sphere transiting across the lunar face. He felt goosebumps.
"The sphere is an enigma," he said. "It silently orbits around and around, not allowing us to know anything. We're wondering, without hope of understanding its purpose or mission."
"Oh, we'll find out I'm sure," Nisha said. "They don't seem to be leaving. I hoped after a few scans of some humans and other life forms here on Earth, they would be ready to take off on the next leg of their mission. The longer they stay, the more worried I get. But I still have hope they only want to learn about this solar system and afterwards they'll move along. However, they spent only a short time looking at the other planets on our solar system. I think they're interested in us or this planet."
They talked for a while, arm in arm as the watched the object, then they walked inside and read the news. People were still fighting the same old wars they were before the voices arrived. Politicians were still promoting their special interests. People were still following their favorite sports teams. On the outside, life seemed normal despite the headlines about the alien sphere.

She sent out one last tweet before turning in for the night.
"The alien sphere isn't leaving. Be careful! #WeirdVoices #Sphere #astronomy."

Chapter 5
They slept relatively soundly all night long and the voices were silent. Nisha got up early as usual. The sphere continued to orbit the moon. The US stock market opened Saturday trading down 1% as anxiety continued to grow around the world.
Another beautiful sunny morning began as they all do in California during the dry summer half of the year. It was a Saturday and the kids were excited to be out of school. Priya had more energy than usual.
"Let's go to the beach today," she said.
"Great idea!" Quinn said. "Let's get out there early before the crowds come. We can leave right after breakfast."
"I can't wait!" Nisha said.
They ate breakfast. Quinn loaded up the car.
"Okay, I think we have all the necessities. Beach towels, umbrellas, sunscreen, chairs, a full ice chest, drinks. We can put your surf board on top, Pree."
"That sounds good Daddy!"
Quinn continued his inventory.
"Food, chips, Google Eyepiece? No way Neesh! You need to leave the tech stuff behind."
"Sorry Quinn," Nisha said. "I need to keep up with what's happening. You never know what those wild and crazy aliens will do next!"
She tried to make light of the situation for the sake of the kids. But the anxiety continued to build within her. She felt no resolution would be good for our species. They didn't seem to be passing through. Quinn smiled as he always does when Nisha appeared happy.
"Okay okay? as usual, you win Neesh! Let's go."
"I'll be right back," Nisha said. She ran into her computer room to do a quick tweet and check on things. She opened her news screen and a view of Times Square appeared. It felt odd and out of place. She turned up the sound volume out of curiosity.
Reporter: "I've never seen anything like this. Thousands of people stopped walking all at once. They're standing in place. I thought this crowd freezing fad died out years ago. The participating crowd is huge. I wonder if this is some practical joke. I don't know."
"Quinn!" Nisha shouted at the top of her lungs.
A few seconds later he ran into the room.
"What do you want Neesh? You look like you've seen a ghost."
"I'm not sure, but there's something wrong in New York. The reporters think this is a prank, but I don't think so. I need to contact the DHS right away. I'm sorry Quinn."
"It's okay Neesh, go ahead," Quinn said. "If you need to stay home we can go without you if that's fine with you."
"No Quinn, stay here. Something is happening there and the same thing might happen here too. We need to stay together."
As she watched the screen, the DHS logo appeared in a little window.
"Dr. Chandra, I'm glad you're there," General Sherman said.
"Are you watching what's happening in Times Square?"
"Yes, I can't explain what's happening," the General said. "I remember the crowd freezing pranks of years ago and this is different. Usually, some people walk around amongst the frozen since not everyone is in on the prank. But here, they're all frozen. I believe the aliens ?"
Silence.
Nisha looked closely at her screen and zoomed in on a portion of it. She felt cold on a warm day.
"Yes, the aliens are there," Nisha said. "A reflective sphere is sitting on the top of the building. Can you confirm that?"
"Hold on. ? Yes," the General said.
"Something is happening, let's listen," Nisha said.
Reporter: "I've never experienced streets this quiet. Now, there's smoke emerging from the sphere. It's descending from the building and onto the people below."
The reporter paused to confirm something being said in his ear.
"The fog seems to be alive. The theory is that it's composed of little flying machines. They appear like the spider drones the aliens used on the astronauts, only these are smaller. We're zooming in with our camera. They're mosquito sized drones. They're landing on people's necks. Notice the needle-like appendages being inserted into their necks. This is strange. Once they remove the needle; they fly in front of the face of the victim, hover there for a moment and return to the sphere. They're looking at the person they took a sample from. Maybe they're taking a picture, I can't tell. Hold on, I'm receiving word that the US stock market has been halted in trading, down 10% on the day. The market has dropped 25% from a week ago, before the voices came. A 20% drop is considered a recession. We'll talk more about this later."
"Nisha, what do you think?" the General said.
Nisha wiped the perspiration off her forehead in a way where the General could not see her. She was sweating and cold at the same time.
"They're taking biological samples of the general population. They chose a highly populated place for the sake of efficiency. Every task they do is efficiently performed. My other initial impression is the technology required to execute this plan is beyond our comprehension. However, our species has built technology which was incomprehensible only 50 years ago. That's why Arthur C. Clarke stated in his now famous Third Law that 'Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.' To us, they're performing magic. However, it's only technology, nothing magical."
The General tried to keep up the appearance of strength and authority. But he understood the gravity of the situation.
"I appreciate your sentiments. I understand you're no military expert. However, can you think of any way we can stop them?"
"Not at the moment General," Nisha said. "We must keep a sharp eye out for weaknesses. We need to learn about them somehow. If they're organic, they must possess a civilized culture. They probably emerged from humble beginnings like us. We need to play defense in this game. I think going on the offensive might get us wiped clean off this planet. We might need to become the insurgents. At this point we know nothing, so we must wait."
The General took a deep breath, imagining humans fighting in caves against a marauding alien force. He had to begin preparations.
"Thank you Dr. Chandra, I need to go but let's keep in close contact. Let us know whenever you have new thoughts on the subject."
"I will," Nisha said.
Nisha terminated the communication app and continued to watch events unfolding in Times Square. The kids walked into the room. They realized they weren't going to the beach.
"Mommy, why can't we go now? Nothing is fun anymore."
"I'm sorry Pree," Nisha said. "I'm afraid we're not going to enjoy many fun times until they leave. The situation is unpredictable. Watch what's happening in New York and you'll understand what I mean. We need to stay together. I promise when this thing is over, we'll go to the beach."
"Promise?"
"Yes, I promise!"
Nisha often tried to insulate her kids from harsh news stories, especially when they were younger. However transparency became the foundation of the new order. Everyone in the world needed to know everything to increase our chances of survival. And this meant Priya must understand everything that's happening.
They watched the screen in silence.
Reporter: "The mosquito drones are returning to the sphere. Some people are beginning to move and reawaken. Everyone is confused. Some people are trying to run but they fall down. The paralysis will wear off in a few minutes, if this procedure operates like the one with the astronauts."
Priya and Sophie were transfixed by the screen as they both held on to each other.
"Mommy, I think this is what happened to me," Priya said. "Before I got remote controlled I felt paralyzed. I couldn't move."
"Me too," Sophie said. "I wanted to scream but I couldn't make a noise."
"I can't be sure about this," Nisha said. "However I think they were practicing on us. Now they've mastered this technique."
Reporter: "All of the mosquito drones are back in the sphere. It's lifting off and accelerating into the sky. Wow! That's the most intense sonic boom I've ever witnessed! The building I'm in is vibrating like a huge drum. Everyone on the ground looks dazed as they try to pick themselves up."
Priya's eyes were wide open. Sophie was silent.
"Mommy, I'm getting sick to my stomach again. We can't do anything about this. They can do anything they want."
"Yeah," Sophie said. "I understand aliens might do all sorts of weird things like inhabiting our bodies and turning us into zombies."
Nisha shook her head.
"Okay guys. Let's not get carried away. Zombies don't exist, despite the zombie craze years ago. Oh, except for the zombie ants!"
Priya smiled.
"I agree their technology is advanced. With your young flexible minds, you may be able to come up with good ideas to help us. If you think of anything I might pass on to the General or the President, let me know."
"Okay Mommy!" Priya said as she managed another smile. She turned to Sophie. "Mom hangs with the President now!"
Sophie said nothing as she played with her hair unconsciously.
"Hold on," Nisha said. "I'm looking at Twitter. Something else is happening. Read these tweets."

"I'm on the Stanford campus. People are #Frozen in place. Is this a joke?"
"They are #Frozen like in NYC here on the grounds at Oxford."
"I took this video just now at MIT. Check out the #Frozen people LOL!"
"Everyone in Beckman is #Frozen. Best prank ever at Caltech!"

"Caltech!" Nisha said. "I gotta go."
Priya wrapped her arms around Nisha and held her tight.
"No Mommy, don't go!"
"Neesh," Quinn said. "You can't go. I don't want to lose you."
"Sorry guys, I have no choice but to go. When they wake up, I want to understand what happened. Don't worry, I'll be careful. They're not killing anyone."
By the time Nisha arrived at the Beckman Auditorium at Caltech, the sphere had left and the people were dazed. She interviewed them. She connected to DHS to give them an update.
"Dr. Chandra, what happened?" the General said.
"I'm at Caltech right now," Nisha said. "I'm talking with the paralysis victims. They all said the same thing. They became paralyzed and the mosquito drones came out of a four meter in diameter sphere hovering outside the auditorium. The doors to the auditorium were open and they flew in and took blood samples. They all felt a brief stinging sensation. The pain dissipated quickly as the samples were drawn from a sharp needle. They moved too quickly to swat, even if they weren't paralyzed. The drones returned to the sphere. A sonic boom happened afterwards."
"What do you make of this?" the General said.
Nisha paused.
"I noticed from my Twitter stream that they're doing this at many of the most prestigious universities around the world. Approximately 20 schools in total were intentionally chosen by them. From a research perspective, they took a random sample of people from the streets of New York. Afterwards, they took a specific sample from those high achieving universities for comparison. They might want to understand our genetic variation. They must be monitoring us to be able to determine where to go to collect such precisely targeted samples."
The General rubbed his forehead with his head down. It was difficult to maintain the appearance of being in control.
"If this were a ball game, they're increasing their lead every chance they get. They continue to learn more about us and we still know nothing about them."
"I disagree partially. When we study their actions and their tools, we learn a lot. They're highly advanced, they're scrutinizing us closely, and they're opaque. There's no evidence of microbial contamination, and they wish us no harm as of now. However I agree we don't know about them what they know about us. We don't know if the sphere in orbit is a robotic probe or a home to possibly millions of live beings."
"Thanks for the information Dr. Chandra," the General said. "Continue monitoring the situation and keep us up to date.
"You're welcome, I'll let you know," Nisha said.

Nisha tweeted about the latest incidents.
"They're probably sampling our DNA. Thus far they mean us no harm and that's a good thing! #astronomy #aliens."
"So far, there's no evidence of alien contamination or microorganisms. #astronomy #aliens."

Quinn walked into Nisha's computer room late in the afternoon.
"Neesh?"
"Yes."
"It's time to eat dinner. I made a tasty pizza!"
"It's dinner time already? We were just getting ready to go to the beach. I guess I got a little distracted."
"Yes a wee bit distracted, like for the whole day," he said as he smiled. "This is a healthy pizza with veggies. I need to keep you well-nourished so you can save the world!"
"Yum! I'll be there in a minute."
They sat down to eat. Sophie felt like part of the family. Priya messaged Ami.
"Hi Ami. What did you do today, miss genius?" Priya said.
"We spent the day at the beach. We enjoyed a perfect day. And I worried about the aliens. What did you do? I thought I'd see you out there."
"We were going to go, but Mommy got sucked into the alien thing again so we didn't go. Sorry."
"Pree, we're eating now," Quinn said.
"Sorry, gotta go Ami."
They disconnected.

"I wish we had gone to the beach," Sophie said. "We had such a bad week."
"I know Sophie," Quinn said. "I think a long time will pass before things return to normal. We'll need to ? What's wrong Neesh?"
Nisha stared at her big screen across the room where her Twitter stream scrolled down the page.
"Oh, it's probably nothing. Many hoaxes are going around. How can you differentiate hoax from reality? How about this one? A guy claims they abducted him, and he is now pregnant with an alien baby! Check out his belly. He looks like he had a little too much to eat for dinner!"
"Eeew, he looks like my male English teacher," Sophie said.
Nisha continued browsing on the big screen.
"Okay what about this one? This woman says they abducted her and took her to their home world through a worm hole. She describes the home world as being desert like. The aliens are twenty feet tall because they originally evolved to eat the leaves off the branches of ever taller trees."
"That's ridiculous," Sanjay said. "Alien giraffes? Who would believe that?"
"I don't know," Nisha said. "Oh, here's a good one. This guy in India near Mumbai claims children are walking into a sphere. I wonder why anyone would write such nonsense."
Priya laughed
"I think they want attention. Everyone wants to be famous and nobody wants to do the work to become famous."
"Wow Pree, you're starting to sound like your dad!" Nisha said.
Priya wrinkled her nose.
"Eeew! Sorry, I recant my last statement."
Nisha chuckled and continued reading.
"Here is another one from Mumbai talking about children walking into a sphere."
"It's from the same guy right?" Quinn said, looking at his piece of pizza as he ate.
Nisha watched the screen more closely.
"Hmm, no this one is from a different person or at least a different Twitter account. That's strange."
"Maybe we're having mass hysteria!" Priya said.
"That's possible since everyone knows about the aliens now," Nisha said. "Oh, here's another one from a different user talking about the same thing. This is odd. This person talks about a large sphere about 50 meters tall landing in a school yard near Mumbai. The children are willingly walking into the sphere at this moment."
"That's funny," Sanjay chucked as he smiled.
Priya laughed.
"Yeah that's mass hysteria! This is good entertainment. What else do they say?"
Nisha said nothing for a few seconds as she read the tweets. She felt another chill.
"They're saying a lot Pree. Here's one from a parent also near Mumbai saying their child walked out of the house and into a sphere and he could do nothing to fight back. This one might be real. I've got to go check on this. I'll be back."
"There she goes again," Sanjay said.
"This is the price we pay for having Nisha in our lives," Quinn said. "She's worth the trouble!"
Priya made kissing noises.
"Yeah Daddy, your biased because you're in love!"
"Guilty as charged, Preeana!" Quinn said.
Nisha quickly walked into her computer room and contacted General Sherman at the DHS.
"Sorry to wake you General but I've been monitoring a strange development. I can't confirm this amongst all of the hoaxes, but I think children are being abducted in Mumbai. If this is true, we need to protect our children!"
"I agree, Dr. Chandra. We'll get our people on this right away."
"Thank you General. I'm seeing more tweets right now coming from Mumbai. I no longer think this is a hoax. Wait a minute. Someone tweeted some video. I'm watching the video now."
Silence.
"Hmm. The children walked into the sphere and the sphere appeared to melt around them as they walked in. Some adults stood near the sphere, but they weren't doing anything. They seemed to be paralyzed. Once all the children were inside, the sphere accelerated into the sky making a huge sonic boom. Afterwards, the parents started running around."
"Thanks Dr. Chandra," the General said. "We both should do whatever we can to protect the children."
"Be careful taking any aggressive action. I don't think we can do anything to stop them. Aggression might put us on the endangered species list."
"Acknowledged, keep us posted. Thank you and good night."

Nisha signed off and became aware that Quinn and the kids were watching everything from the doorway.
"I guess you know everything," she said.
"We do now," Quinn said. "What should we do? Are they going to abduct us?"
"I don't know, but we should stay inside at night. It's early morning and still dark in Mumbai. Perhaps they like the cover of darkness."
Quinn watched the kids, who were becoming fidgety.
"Congratulations, you guys get to sleep in our room for the foreseeable future!"
"Yay," Priya said.
"I want you guys to know we won't let them abduct you," Quinn said.
"Yes, we won't," Nisha said.
The kids ran out of the room and into Priya's room. Nisha looked down and cried.
"This is getting worse and worse Quinn," she said.
"I agree. What can we do?"
"I'm not sure we can do anything."
"Why do you say that?"
"They're highly advanced. There might be no way to stop them."
"Read this," she said. "Now, someone is tweeting in Cairo. A huge round silver ball landed and children are walking inside. Here we go again. There's another tweet from Shanghai, and another from Sao Paulo.
Nisha alerted the DHS about the second incident.

"Quinn, the voices are back," Nisha whispered.
"Who?"
"Them. The aliens. Something is different now. I can't explain but ?"
"But what?" Quinn said.
"For a fraction of a second I imagined those children."
"What were they doing?"
"They were walking," Nisha said.
"Where?"
"They're in a dark room."
"What feels different about the voices?" Quinn said.
"It's like they turned on a switch. The voices are constant now."
"Right now as we speak?"
"Yes, the sound is like the noise of a crowd, but not as loud as before. It's like listening to a stadium full of people from outside the stadium"

Priya and Sophie ran into the room at full speed.
"Mommy, the voices are here now. They aren't going away!"
"Yes Pree. They aren't loud. They're barely discernible."
"Yeah that's right," Sophie said. "And there's less static."
"Yes they're clearer. I still don't understand them," Priya said.

Nisha tweeted, "Anyone else connecting to the #WeirdVoices now? Are they different? #astronomy #aliens."

"I'm reading a tweet from Tokyo saying the voices are back," Nisha said. "Here's one from Barcelona, and from Sydney. And here are more from Helsinki, and Rio, and Atlanta. I notice some tweets from here in Pasadena too. This is different than before. Not only do the voices seem different, but they aren't being broadcast from a single location off of the Earth. The Moon hasn't risen here yet, but the voices are still here."
They watched the tweets in silence for several minutes.
"Read this," Nisha said as they hovered over her screen in silence. "See these tweets talking about children walking into spheres in Rio? And this one from Helsinki and another from Barcelona? These are the same cities where people originally heard the voices."
Nisha's DHS Eyepiece app alerted her to an incoming communication connection. She accepted the communication on her computer.

"Dr. Chandra, this is General Sherman. I'm in a bunker beneath the Oval Office at the White House. We're with the President and we wish to discuss the most recent developments. Can you speak with us right now?"
"Of course General," Nisha said, waving everyone out of the room. "Hello Madam President!"
"Hello Dr. Chandra, the recent developments are most troubling. We're hoping you can shed some light on the subject. First, can you tell us your thoughts on the recent abductions and voices?"
"Yes," Nisha said. "The aliens appear to be entering into a new phase in their investigation of our planet and of humans in particular. First, the voices are constant. Next, they aren't originating from one place in space away from the Earth. Third, the voices appear in places were abductions are being conducted. However, a few places exist where the voices were detected, but abductions haven't happened."
"Yet," the President said.
"Yes, we don't know the future," Nisha said. "There might be a correlation. I think we might know the answer in the next few hours. I'm watching my Twitter stream right now. More abduction spheres are landing every minute in an ever increasing number of cities around the world."
"Why do they only want adolescent children?" the President said.
"I don't know," Nisha said. "The aliens appear to be advanced scientists. My guess is they're studying us. Older children might be easier for them to manage and old enough to do whatever it is they want. Eventually, they might also abduct adults. I'm not sure of their intent or their goals. We know they're taking children ranging from 14 to 18 years of age."
The President breathed heavily and didn't say anything for several long seconds. She felt a sense of hopelessness but she had to show that she was still capable of taking action or people would lose confidence.
"We're placing defensive missiles around major cities in an attempt to stop these abductions. I don't want them to continue. What's your opinion about this plan?"
Nisha paused.
"I think in this situation, violent acts of any type including in self-defense are a big mistake. My guess is anything we do will be ineffective. Think about trying to shoot down our F56 jet fighters with bows and arrows. It's futile. I'm not opposed to defending ourselves, but I'm opposed to taking futile actions which might lead to global destruction."
The President said nothing for several long seconds.
"I understand your point. However, if I'm flying in my F56 fighter jet and someone shot arrows at me, I wouldn't destroy their entire village in retaliation."
"I understand that too," Nisha said. "I think if they regard us as dangerous, they might exterminate us, even if we're no existential threat to them. Please be careful. Any act you take might bring responses ranging from nothing at all to complete annihilation. Even a mild slap on the wrist from their point of view might destroy our civilization. Have you ever felt a bug on your neck and instinctively swatted? Later, did you find out you had accidentally squashed a cute little lady bug? Well Madam President, I don't want humanity to be the lady bug!"
"Okay, thank you for your input Dr. Chandra," the President said. "I'll be careful. I think we should defend ourselves but only as a last resort."
"Good luck Madam President!" Nisha said as she signed out.

Quinn, Priya and Sophie were hiding behind the door, listening to the conversation as usual. They looked inside and walked into the room.
"Wow Mommy! You stood up to her."
"That's my Neesh!" Quinn said, walking in right behind Priya and Sophie. "You're no pushover!"
He gave Nisha a big hug.
"I don't know if I did any good," Nisha said in a subdued voice. "I think they'll still shoot at the spheres and stir up trouble. Oh, read this tweet. They've already installed missiles in New Jersey on the other side of the Hudson River from Manhattan. The President had this planned ahead of time. I doubt she listened to a word I said."
"Well," Quinn said. "I think she did. Let's hope the missiles are never used."
Nisha shook her head as she read her twitter stream.
"I'm reading these tweets. Abductions are happening all over the world. Stock markets are dropping. The spheres are 50 meters in diameter. Nobody has found a way to stop them. The paralysis stops nearby people in their tracks."
Priya watched videos of the children as they walked into the spheres. Her heart raced.
"Mommy, those children are being remote controlled, like me."
"I think you're right Pree," Nisha said. "They don't seem to be in control of themselves. Here is a tweet saying there's an abduction sphere hovering over Manhattan. That's right near the missile installation. This can't be happening."
Nisha turned on a live video stream from the Manhattan shoreline. A reporter covering the story arrived on the scene.
Reporter: "The hovering sphere is landing along the shore of the Hudson. Several car accidents are blocking traffic. The sphere appears similar to other abduction spheres people are seeing in cities around the world."

President Martinez watched the event closely, ready to give the launch order.
"Maria, I'm not sure about this," General Sherman said. "What if Dr. Chandra is right and we get squashed like a bug? We face an unknown enemy who seems to know everything about us. They might be translating and monitoring our communications. All of my years of training tell me to be wary of engaging an unknown enemy with unknown capabilities. In this case, the most important capability that's unknown about this enemy is how many orders of magnitude they are above us."
"Lucas," Maria said. "I've known you for many years. I respect your opinion and I respect Dr. Chandra's too. However, I'm sitting here watching the sphere slowly descend. I know our children will be abducted. What if one of those children was yours? She's the same age as those being taken around the world. If you witnessed your daughter about to board one of those things, wouldn't you do something?"
"Well yes I ?"
"Okay, there's your answer. I must defend those children!"
The President gave the OK. A single missile screamed out of a launch tube and across the Hudson. The reporter spotted it out of the corner of his eye.
Reporter: "There's a ? Oh my God," he said. "I believe a surface to air missile from the other side of the river hit the sphere with a thud. The missile bounced off and skipped across the Hudson like a smooth skimming stone. I detected no explosion. The missile seemed to lose power right before the sphere was struck. What's left of the missile is still skipping! Now it has stopped halfway across the river and has sunk into the water. The sphere is unchanged, as though nothing happened."
The silence lasted a long minute.
"The sphere is landing and children are walking slowly out from the neighborhood."

The general shook his head.
"Maria, did you see ? Maria?"
General Sherman turned to the President, slumped in her chair.
"Get the medics in here now!"
He took the President's pulse. He bowed his head in sorrow.
Nisha watched the missile impact on YouTube live.
"Quinn, did you see that?" she said.
"Yeah, I ?"
He didn't know what to say. Nisha couldn't take her eyes from the screen.
"That went horribly wrong, but everybody survived," Nisha said. "I hope the aliens don't retaliate in some way. I'm sure we'll know soon. They don't play around. The children are walking straight into the sphere."
"Weird," Priya said. "They're sleepwalking."
"Pree is right," Nisha said to Quinn. "They're being remote controlled. Now some adults are coming out, but they're stopping for some reason. I wish I knew what ?"
Nisha and Quinn watched in silence for few minutes. Nisha turned around.
"What's wrong Neesh?" Quinn said.
"Where are the girls?"
"They're right behind us. Oh ? Pree?"
They ran to the master bedroom. They weren't there. They ran to Priya's bedroom and searched the rest of the house. They were gone.
"The front door is open!" Nisha shouted.
They rushed outside. The sky was dark since moonrise wasn't for several hours. Many people walked by themselves and with their kids in the warm evening air. They spotted Priya and Sophie talking to one of their friends at the end of the street where the school playground began.
"Pree, you almost gave me a heart attack!" Quinn shouted angrily.
"Daddy, what's wrong?"
"I thought you had been abducted!"
"We both thought you had been abducted!" Nisha said.
"Sorry Mommy. We felt like coming out here, but I can't explain why. I felt remote controlled. I'm okay now. I'm talking with my friend Julia. That's all. The voices come to her too. I didn't know until now because she never mentioned anything to me. She says she felt too embarrassed to tell anyone."
"Hi Julia," Nisha said. "I'm working on trying to understand what's happening with the voices. I think everyone should go inside. I'm worried ?"
Quinn put his hand on Nisha's shoulder.
"Neesh," he whispered.
Nisha turned to Quinn, but he peered into the darkness of the unlit school playground.
"Quinn why are you whisper-"
"Shhhh," Quinn whispered again and put his hand over her mouth. "Neesh, look up."
Silence.
"I didn't expect it to be so big," Nisha whispered.
He took his hand away from her mouth.
"The reflections of the entire city curve around it. If the reflections weren't there, the sphere would be invisible. Notice how-"
"Neesh," Quinn said.
"What?"
"Can you move?"
"Do you want a better view?"
"No, I mean can you move your legs or arms?"
She tried to lift her legs.
"Um, no," Nisha said.
"Nobody around us can move at all. We're partially paralyzed."
Nisha tried to call for the kids, but she could barely whisper. She helplessly watched them. Dozens of them walked towards the sphere.
"I can't call Priya, can you Quinn?"
"No I can't, I can only whisper too."
Nisha cried and perspired profusely. She didn't shake due to the paralysis.
"They can't do this. They can't take her. She's too young. Her life is only beginning. No!"
She crumpled to the ground.
"We can't let them go Quinn."
She tried to scream, but only a whisper came out.
"I don't think we get a choice in the matter Neesh."
Nisha struggled to view the abduction in progress.
"They're going in, one by one," Nisha said. "The sphere is eating them. No! ? Pree! Sophie! I hate them! If I get close to one I'll kill it!"
Quinn held her in silence for a while.
"Why aren't you being abducted?" he said. "You're affected by the voices."
"I guess they don't want adults. Only the kids affected by the voices are going in. They're all approximately Pree's age. I'm going to get her back. I don't care what it takes. Where is Sanjay?"
"I'm not sure. I've seen all the kids go in and none of them were Sanjay. He's probably at the house. He didn't hear the voices, so I doubt he's in danger."
"Sanjay," Nisha tried to scream, but she could only muster a whisper.
"The sphere is leaving," Quinn said.
The spacecraft accelerated into the sky. The reflection of the city on the curved surface grew smaller. The vibrations of a powerful sonic boom echoed through the canyons.
"We can move," Quinn said. "It's like when we shoot tranquilizer darts at animals. They recover and run away."
Nisha began to get up, but she fell back down.
"Be careful, let me help you up," Quinn said.
"My baby is gone! She's gone forever! Where are they taking her? What are they going to do with her? She isn't sixteen yet."
Quinn held her tightly for a long time, rocking her back and forth as she sobbed. Tears ran down his face, but he tried to hide them. He wanted to be strong for Nisha, but that never mattered to her.
"Sanjay," Nisha shouted out. "We need to find Sanjay."
They ran home. He was working on a mathematics problem on his Pad device.
"Sanjay, I'm glad you're here," Nisha said. "I love you so much!"
"What's wrong Mom?" he said. Where's Pree? I need to ask her something."
"Sanjay, the aliens abducted Priya," she said.
"Good one Mom, whatever!"
"I'm serious Sanjay. She's gone. Check on Twitter."
Sanjay pointed his eye into his Eyepiece and navigated to Twitter. He read the tweets about the abductions nearby.
"Pree!" he said as he ran outside and down the street.
"Sanjay," Nisha said.
"I'll get him," Quinn said. "You go tell the world what's happening.
Nisha wiped away the tears.
"Okay."

Her DHS Eyepiece app blinked. She walked to her computer and began her update.
"General Sherman, I've got some news-"
"You don't know Dr. Chandra?" General Sherman said.
"Know what?"
"The President is dead."
"What?"
"She died when the missile struck the-"
"She fired a missile? I told her not to do that!"
"I know," the General said. "When that abduction sphere landed in Manhattan, she ordered a defensive surface to air missile to be fired. Seconds after the missile hit the target, I looked over at her and she was dead. Vice President Wilson is now the President. She's in the room right now and wishes to speak with you."
"Dr. Chandra?" the President said cordially.
"Yes Madam President," Nisha said.
"Call me Emma."
"Okay Emma, I'm pleased to meet you," Nisha said. "I followed your work on the Middle East crisis. You solved part of the impossible conundrum."
"I solved a portion. But some are still fighting. I felt lucky to be in the right place at the right time. Now that I understand what we're facing with the aliens, I long for those simpler days of Middle East peace negotiations. I mean, how do you negotiate with an unknown and all powerful entity?"
Nisha paused for a second.
"That's a good question. They don't seem to care about negotiating. They're proceeding with their plans, whatever they might be. We seem to be only a minor inconvenience to them. What's disturbing is how they somehow knew who ordered the firing of the missile. Also, I'm upset about how they're abducting children. They abducted my child an hour ago. They took her away in one of those?"
Nisha broke down in tears.
"Nisha," Emma said. "I'm sorry. Why didn't you mention this earlier? We should let you go now. Contact us when you're able."
Nisha tried to wipe away the tears as she blew her nose.
"I didn't say anything because the good of the country outweighs the good of the one. Being of service right now increases the chances of getting my baby back and helping everyone. And I want to get back her best friend and all the other children too."
"That's noble of you but," Emma said.
"I'm fine," Nisha said. "She's gone now. The best way to get her back is to get to work understanding them. My specialty is learning about life here on Earth and applying that knowledge to the cosmos. Right now, let's focus on what we can do from here forward."
"Okay Nisha," Emma said. "First we need to discuss what we know and what we can do."
"Well," Nisha said. "First we need to realize they're learning more about us every second. They identified who ordered the missile strike. They're technologically savvy and socially savvy. I strongly urge you to not order strikes against them!"
"Yes, I think I'll only order a strike as a last resort if the entire planet is threatened."
"I'm glad you agree," Nisha said. "The one positive thing to come from all of this is they don't want to kill all of us. They culled the person responsible."
"Yes, that's a good development," Emma said. "They also killed the missile operators and left others alone. Okay Nisha, I'm going to get some sleep. I'm moving away from the White House temporarily. I'll be contacting you from other locations. I'll return from time to time. You get some sleep too."
"I'll try Emma. Good night," Nisha said.

Quinn walked into the room.
"Neesh, how are you? I found Sanjay. He'll sleep in our room from now on."
She sobbed, and couldn't say a word.
They went to bed but couldn't sleep all night.

Chapter 6
Another bright California summer day dawned. Everything seemed alive. Birds were having intense discussions. Squirrels were quarreling over the developing acorns. Sprinklers were finishing up their nightly watering.
The view out the window seemed idyllic, but a dead space hung above the neighborhood. The streets were empty except for those going to church. Few cars were on the road. People weren't out jogging, or walking their dogs. The sounds of children laughing evaporated.
"How are you Neesh?" Quinn said as he rubbed his eyes.
"I'm exhausted," Nisha said. "And it's not eight o'clock. My life is empty now that they're gone. I still have you and Sanjay of course. My baby is gone. Right now, my little Pree is in orbit around the Moon. What are they doing to her? Are they hurting her? I wonder if she can view the Earth. Is she wondering what we're doing? I hope she's having the experience of her lifetime. If they're benevolent, she might be learning about their species. Maybe they chose children because they would be less threatening and more amenable to contact with an alien species. Maybe the children will become ambassadors. I'm happy for her! I would love to be on that ship."
She stared at the ground for a while. Quinn said nothing and held her. It was best to let her talk it out.
"I hate them! They might possess better toys, but they have no heart!"
She sobbed again. Quinn stayed silent.
"I'm going into my computer room to watch what's happening. I won't let them do this to us. How dare they!"
She stormed out of the room.
Quinn shook his head at Sanjay and smiled.
"The aliens don't know what they're facing! They don't know her like we do."
"Yeah Daddy," Sanjay said. "They should leave now while they can!"
They both smiled for a moment. Then they thought of Priya. The smiles faded.
Silence.

Quinn quietly walked into her office, placed several boxes of tissues beside her desk, put a hand on you shoulder for a few seconds and left without saying a word. Nisha put her hand on his, wiped away the tears and got to work. She watched her Twitter stream and sent out a few tweets of her own.
"My child, #abducted. My heart is broken. They can't break my spirit. #astronomy #aliens."
"I estimate 10,000 children from 90 countries were #Abducted in about 100 cities in the past day. 100 children per sphere. #astronomy #aliens."
"If you spot an #abduction sphere, don't attack. The US President died after ordering a missile attack. . #astronomy #aliens."
"Good news: The #aliens only killed people they thought were dangerous and left others alone. They #Paralyze temporarily, they don't kill. #astronomy."

Nisha stayed glued to her computer all day with the door closed. Late in the afternoon, Quinn entered the room.
"Neesh, what happened to all those boxes of tissue?" he said.
"Oh, I put the empty ones over there. I have one more left. Thanks Quinn. You're my hero!"
"How are you feeling?" he said.
"I'm dead and empty. I'm excited and I cry. I don't know where my emotions will take me from one minute to the next. At least I'm getting exercise. The voices are still in my mind. How are you?"
"Well, I'm upset," Quinn said. "I can't help you. I can't help Priya or Sophie. I can't reduce Sanjay's anxiety about what will happen next. My sculpture project is on hold. I can't work on any paying project. I'm useless."
Nisha stood up and hugged him. He was her pillar of strength and far from useless.
"Why don't you go work on a project just for you? Work on something that expresses how you're feeling right now. Strong emotions inspired the best works of art in history. Take advantage of your emotional state right now!"
Quinn smiled.
"Neesh you're the best. I'm going to do that! Later I'll make dinner."
He teared up.
"Here, use some of my tissues," Nisha said.
Quinn left the room and Nisha continued monitoring the situation via her Twitter stream. Every five or ten minutes or so, a new abduction sphere randomly appeared somewhere in the world. Or at least the pattern seemed random. They liked to take children from the major cities. Cairo, Sao Paulo, London, Shanghai, Moscow, Mexico City, Paris. The list seemed endless. They each took away about 50-100 children at a time. She estimated 300-1200/hour.

She tweeted, "I estimate #alien child #abductions are occurring at the rate of 7,000-25,000 per day. 11,000+ total. #astronomy."

She spent the rest of the afternoon on Twitter, consoling the heartbroken grief of the parents of child abductees. She used the remaining box of tissue. Nisha felt Priya's absence strongly at dinner. She tried to put on a brave face.
"Oh Quinn," she said with a smile. "You made my favorite salmon dish, and with the garlic baked broccoli and garlic bread too. You're my most favorite husband in this house!"
Quinn laughed.
"I'm just happy to be in the top 10!"
They both focused on the empty chairs where Priya and Sophie had sat the night before. Tears streamed down their faces. Quinn opened another box of tissues.
He tried to smile and said, "I think I better buy a commercial sized case of these tissues Neesh."
She smiled for a second and broke down again.
"When am I going to get over this? I can't stop crying."
"You'll stop when she's back safe and sound, and Sophie is too. You'll be back to your usual ? Neesh? Are the voices back?"
"I don't know," Nisha said. "I'm having chest pains."
Quinn ran around the dinner table to hold her.
"Okay, relax."
Nisha winced in pain.
"It's not going away Quinn. I'm having trouble breathing. It's not the aliens."
"Okay I'll drive you straight to the emergency room. Its only a few minutes away. Contacting an ambulance would take longer."
They rushed to the hospital. A doctor examined Nisha and performed an ECG. They awaited the results for almost an hour. Quinn feared the worst but said nothing to Nisha. He didn't want to make it worse. Nisha did the same.
"What's taking them so long?" Sanjay said.
"I don't know. But I hope?"
The doctor finally came in with the news.
"Nisha," she said, "when you told me about your recent stressful experiences, I thought your heart problem might be the result of stress. And indeed that's the source of the problem. You have stress-induced cardiomyopathy, or in other words, Broken Heart Syndrome."
"There's no such thing!" she said as she glanced at Quinn.
"It's true," the doctor said. "It's rare, but the syndrome can happen under highly stressful circumstances such as the death of a loved one,. You've been under extreme pressure. I follow you on twitter. They abducted your child and took her from you right in front of your eyes. The abductors aren't even human. Who knows what they are. If anyone ever had a reason to manifest this problem, you're the one. Fortunately the condition is usually temporary and in your case, the enlarged left ventricle should return to normal in a week or two if you can relax for a while."
They monitored her for a few hours and then Quinn drove them drove home. They walked into the house. Nisha went straight to her monitor to check on the latest developments.
"Neesh, what are you doing? You're supposed to stay away from gadgets and the stress. You heard the doctor."
"I need to understand what's happening, and the DHS might be trying to contact me."
"No!" Quinn said. "You need to relax, or there will be no you to contact. You're always talking about how you want to be of use to people. Well if you're dead you won't be of much use!"
"Fine Quinn, let me tell people what happened."
She tweeted, "They diagnosed me with stress-induced cardiomyopathy, (Broken Heart Syndrome.) Read about this if they abducted your child."
Quinn insisted that she stay away from the computers for the rest of the day. That wasn't easy for Nisha but she did it.

Chapter 7
The Sun rose into a golden red sky. Quinn heard Nisha making strange noises.
"Neesh," he whispered. "You're having a nightmare. Wake up!"
"Oh," Nisha whispered in a sleepy voice.
She woke up fast.
"Something is different. The voices came back in my dreams and I think Pree spoke. I couldn't understand her words. It didn't sound like Pree because it was electronic, but somehow I know the voice belonged to her. I'll think more about this. The voice lasted for a few brief seconds. The alien voices came back after that."
"Wow, that's good news Neesh. She's alive!" Quinn said.
"I don't want to make any assumptions. I might be imagining things. I want hard evidence before I believe in something. I still have my hunches though and I think she's alive. I'm much better now. I'll tell people about this."

She tweeted, "My daughter spoke in the #alien sphere. If you hear your #abducted children, tell us!"

She waited for a minute and she read the replies.

"@NishaAstro My baby spoke too. I'm positive!"
"Thanks @NishaAstro My child also!"
"My heart goes out to you @NishaAstro and to the victims."

The tweets scrolled down the page.
Quinn walked into the room and leaned against her.
"Check this out," Nisha said. "Many others have the same experience as me. I must find a way to get our children back."
"I know you can get her back," Quinn said. "Wow, are 30 million people following you?"
"Yes," she said. "I still haven't adjusted to having 250,000 astronomy fans follow me before this all began. Now this has taken on a life of its own."
"I'm reading this story," Nisha said. "The UN met to decide what to do about the aliens and abductions. They decided nothing should be done for fear of provoking them. The UN declaired they're so advanced that nothing can stop them. However, China and Russia said they'll defend their territory at all costs. Everyone agreed that in the face of danger, each country could defend itself."
"The Russians and Chinese won't be able to defend themselves," Quinn said. "Violence will make the aliens angry, right?"
"There's no way to know," Nisha said. "I doubt whether there's anything we can do to stop them, assuming actual living beings are aboard the sphere. Whatever they want they can have. We might find another, less militarily oriented way of stopping them. However they're interested in engineering and are socially savvy about humans. They're tracking our every move and they understand our languages. They know they can paralyze us and take our kids. They know what they're doing."
Tears streamed down Nisha's face. Quinn held her.
"I can't get over the fact she may be gone forever," she said.
Quinn looked into her eyes, trying to be strong again.
"I think she's okay and we'll find her somehow and get her back."
Nisha wiped her tears and said nothing for a minute.
"Yes, I think she's okay. I'm still hopeful. Oh, now this is strange."
"What's so strange Neesh?"
"The voices intensified right now."
"What do you mean?"
"I can't describe what happened, but the pace quickened. They're not louder but they're faster. More information is being transmitted. And there's this hollow sound, like echoes happening. Let me find out if anyone else has noticed this."

Nisha tweeted, "I noticed a change in the #WeirdVoices a few minutes ago. Anyone else notice? Reply to me."

Within seconds the replies began.
"@NishaAstro Yes, the #WeirdVoices are back, faster than before."
"@NishaAstro, the conversation became more animated."
"@NishaAstro The #WeirdVoices change is making me anxious."

Nisha watched the Twitter data.
"Just as I suspected," Nisha said. "This effect is occurring all around the world at the same time. More tweets are originating on the side of the Earth facing the moon, but 30% of the tweets are from half of the Earth facing away from the moon. Something is happening but I can't tell what."

Nisha alerted the DHS. Then they ate lunch. She raised an eyebrow as she read the news.
"Wow, the US stock markets are down another 7%. They're down 30% since the voices began a week ago."
"Whoa, I'm glad you sold everything!" Quinn said.
"So am I. The reporter who wrote the story blamed my last tweet for triggering the decline. People are taking this seriously and the fear is intensifying. I can't believe only a week has passed since I first noticed the voices. I thought I would be teaching my class and helping Pree with her home. ..."
Tears streamed down Nisha's face again. Quinn handed her a tissue. He needed a few for himself too.
They held each other and said nothing for a few minutes. She put on a brave smile.
"This might still turn out well," Nisha said. "Pree might be learning about a new alien culture. This might be the most important event in her entire life!"
"I hope you're right Neesh. This is getting to me now."
"Me too, so we'll take this one moment at a time."
"I agree," Quinn said.

They finished lunch. Quinn continued to work on his new sculpture. Nisha walked back into her computer room to monitor her Twitter stream. In addition to her astronomy friends and associates, she also followed people in business, the arts and other scientific specialties. She re-tweeted some of the more interesting tweets she read.

"Market off 9% today, 30% in a week. Business is soft everywhere. People aren't buying durable goods."
"Church attendance is up 20-40% in many areas of the world. In some places it's down."
"Why bother saving for retirement? The aliens will probably destroy us or at least abduct us into slavery or something."
"Automobile and mass transit traffic has been unusually light for the past week, in some cases as much as 50%."
"This whole alien thing is a ruse to increase defense spending so they can increase profits to the weapons manufacturers."
"The 1% of humans, who experience the #WeirdVoices speak for the #aliens. Don't trust them!"

Nisha received no new reports of abductions. She spent some time on that late summer afternoon searching for new abduction reports but couldn't find any.
She tweeted, "No new abductions in three hours? What's happening? Total: 250 cities, 25,000 children gone."
Nisha watched the replies scroll down her screen. They confirmed that nobody had been abducted in the past three hours. She reported her observations to the DHS and ate a late dinner with Quinn and Sanjay as the Sun set.
Tears welled up in Nisha's eyes as she stared at the empty chairs.
"If I had been paying more attention and kept the girls in, they would be with us now. I wish I had never let Sophie stay here. She would be safe and her parents wouldn't hate me. They sent me angry messages. I recognized the patterns in the abductions and I didn't keep them inside. I'm stupid. I killed my own daughter."
She sensed heart palpitations again and clutched her chest.
Quinn walked around the dinner table and held her.
"Sophie's parents forgive you. They told you that. None of this is your fault Nisha. Nobody could anticipate this happening. Even if you had kept the kids inside, the aliens would have abducted them. I understand people tried to keep their kids inside, but they were frozen, and the kids walked out of the house anyway. We were helpless to stop this. Are you okay?"
"My heart is beating fast and weakly again," Nisha said. "I'm going to die. The life is draining out of me. I can't live without my baby. I can't live with the guilt of knowing I killed her."
"You didn't kill her," Sanjay said. "Stop that. She's still alive."
He slammed his fork onto his plate and ran upstairs to his room. She got up to follow him but Quinn held her back.
"He's right you know," Quinn said. "She's still alive. You're in a unique position to do something about this situation. You've got the power to find her and bring her back."
"How do you know that? What evidence do you have?"
"I have a sense Neesh, trust me. Keep looking for her. You'll find her."
"A sense? What good is that? That's not logical."
She smiled weakly. He took her hand and they walked back into her computer room to monitor the latest events. She felt the voices getting more numerous and rapid.

Nisha pulled herself together and noticed a few tweets.
"We detected an electromagnetic pulse about three minutes ago which originated from the sphere in lunar orbit."
"A single EMP, 0.03 sec. four minutes ago, from lunar orbit, then silence. Nothing else detected."
Nisha alerted the DHS and continued to monitor the situation

A few hours later that evening, trucker Joe Calderon drove north for 90 minutes after leaving LA. He stopped in the desert town of Mojave for a very late dinner. After that, he set out onto a lonely stretch of highway 14, for the long haul north to Bishop on 395. A few minutes up the road, he noticed a headlight ahead of him. He knew the highway turned slowly to the right but a headlight appeared off the left side of the road.
He slowed down a little, unsure if he knew where he was. He drove on at a slower speed. The headlight appeared to get brighter, but the light continued moving off to the left of the road. The light also seemed elevated off the road, but the mountains were miles away. He felt disoriented so he pulled off to the shoulder. The headlights stopped their movement.
He shook his head and turned off his lights in an attempt to allow his eyes to adjust to the darkness. The headlights disappeared. He turned on his headlights and the headlights in the distance reappeared.
"What the ??" he said out loud.
He turned his headlights off again and the remote headlight disappeared again. Stillness hung in the warm September desert air under a moonless sky.
"It's me," he said out loud to himself. "Those are my reflected headlights. Uh, reflected off what?"
As his eyes adjusted to the heavy darkness, another pair of headlights appeared and moved in front of him. A few seconds later, behind him, the headlights of a car came into view over a slight rise in the highway.
The car slowed down as he had done a minute earlier. It pulled onto the side of the road behind him. The lights turned off, and on, and off again. Each time, the light in front mimicked the lights behind.
He sat in his truck cabin looking into the darkness. The car behind him didn't move. He spotted an odd void out in the desert. His eyes were adjusting to the darkness when another headlight appeared ahead of him. This time he looked in the rear-view mirror for a car to appear over the rise in the highway behind him. Sure enough, one appeared and it also slowed down, pulled over, and turned off the headlights.
He continued to sit in his truck as two more cars pulled in behind the other two cars and turned off their lights.
Joe got out of his truck at the same time as the others exited their cars. They all stared in the direction of the reflected headlights of the left side of the road.
Joe walked over to them and pointed in the direction of the reflections.
"What do you think is happening over there?" Joe whispered to a young guy in a beaten up 4wd pickup truck.
"Beats me," the guy said. "It got me spooked though. I'm getting my gun just in case."
The guy reached in the back of his truck and pulled out his rifle.
"Wow, what's this enormous thing?" Joe said.
"It's an AHR .600 Overkill. This monster can take down anything. And I mean anything!"
"Yeah," Joe said. "I can't disagree. I'm glad you're on my side."
They all peered into the heavy darkness.
"What do you think is happening out there?" the rifle guy said.
Joe's eyes grew used to the dark.
"I don't know, but something big is out there."
"I heard there's a new solar project," the rifle guy said.
"Yeah maybe," Joe said. "The void is huge. There's some light in the background on the mountains from headlights in the far distance. It doesn't seem like a flat solar mirror or one of those concave solar mirrors I've seen out here. This seems convex which makes everything seem further away than it is. It's similar to the side mirror of my truck."
Another car came up from behind and pulled in behind all of them.
Joe became more confused.
"The headlights from the last car seem bent, like they were reflected in a round mirror. See how they move?"
"Yeah, maybe those aliens are out there," the rifle guy said. "I'm not going to let myself get abducted! Let's turn on all of our car lights to see what this thing is."
They all turned on their lights.
"Holy -," the rifle guy began to say.
"Quiet," Joe said. "This is like those alien spheres which abducted those kids, only this must be 1,000 feet tall. I'm calling the sheriff."
Joe called the sheriff's office at around 10pm but the dispatcher answered quickly. Joe described what they were seeing.
"Sir, have you been drinking?" the dispatcher said. "This is some sort of a joke right?"
"No, I'm dead serious," Joe said. "Get everyone you can out here right now. We're all watching this thing. Fortunately, the thing isn't moving."
"Okay," the dispatcher said. "I'll get someone to your location right away."
They turned off their lights.

The dispatch sent to the officers automatically generated a tweet which read; "Huge reflective #sphere reported, HWY 58, N of Mojave. Use caution."

Several cars came into view. Their headlights created a strange reflected pattern on the sphere. The rifle guy panicked and he shot towards the sphere. The enormous caliber weapon created a powerful blast. Everyone felt stunned and lost their hearing for a moment. A ringing in their ears persisted. The sphere remained still and silent. When the echoing noise subsided, they all turned around. The rifle guy was dead.

At that moment, Nisha wanted to sleep. The pace of events seemed to be quieting down. No abductions had been reported in six hours. Her Twitter stream calmed down into some sense of normalcy aside from the electromagnetic pulses. She kept an eye on keywords such as #WeirdVoices, #astronomy, #alien, and #sphere.
She read the sheriff's dispatch.

Nisha's eyes widened.
"Quinn, a dispatcher in Mojave is reporting a huge sphere and is sending officers to the scene."
"Maybe this is some sort of joke," Quinn said.

"No Quinn, this is an official sheriff's Twitter account. I checked it out. Look, here is another tweet in the same area."
"Heading northeast on 14, a few miles northeast of Mojave. There's a huge #sphere out here. Man was killed by them after he fired shots."

"I'm heading up there," Nisha said.
Quinn grabbed hold of her arm.
"No way Neesh, it's too dangerous!"
"I'm going no matter what. Pree might be there," she said.
"I'm going too then," Quinn said. "We'll drop off Sanjay next door so he can get to sleep for the night. I don't think we'll be sleeping."

Chapter 8
Nisha alerted the DHS. They ran out the door in five minutes. Ninety minutes later, Nisha and Quinn approached a long line of cars parked on the side of the road. Everyone stood beside their cars talking and pointing. Most cars approached and did a quick U-turn to get out of there. A helicopter broke the desert silence.
Nisha tweeted, "A 300m diameter sphere has appeared five miles NE of Mojave. I'm in front of the object right now."
She remembered the EMPs. Nisha calculated the difference in time between when the Mojave sphere was discovered and when they detected the electromagnetic pulse.
Nisha tweeted, "It took only three hours (at the most) for the 300m diameter Mojave sphere to travel from lunar orbit to the Earth."
She tweeted, "The sphere has been dormant since landing other than bi-directional ultra-high frequency signals. They or it is probably communicating with the mother ship."
No sooner had she sent the last tweet when she noticed some movement on the ground behind the sphere.

"Quinn, can you hand me the scope?"
"Sure Neesh. What do you see?"
"I'm not sure but I noticed movement out there, but it's too dark."
"There's no light. How can you see?"
"Some car lights flashed in that direction and for a second?"
"What's happening Neesh?"
"I'm not sure, but small points of light are flickering behind the sphere."
Silence
"There's something moving out there," Nisha said.
"How big?" Quinn said.
"I think they're small."
"They? What size are they?" Quinn said.
He wiped sweat off his brow. She squinted into the scope.
"I can't tell. There's nothing nearby to compare them with."

Nisha tweeted, "Unidentified things are moving behind the #alien #sphere. Possibly many things. More soon?"

"What's out there?" Quinn said.
"This is weird," Nisha said. "They're flowing. I wish the moon was out tonight. I can't tell if the moving thing is one flowing entity or thousands of smaller things moving in a herd low to the ground. Oh?"
"What do you see now?" Quinn said.
A car headlight flashed across the scene.
"Thousands of them."
"Of what?"
"Thousands of crab-like things are crawling around," Nisha said. "They remind me of the drones which took samples from the astronauts except they're crawling around. They're staying near the sphere fortunately for us."
"Neesh, maybe we should get out of here. Your palms are sweaty."
"Yours are too. Every cell in my body is telling me to run away. But we need to watch what they do. They seem to avoid doing us harm and I might never get a chance again to witness the work of a real alien race, assuming they're a real biological race. We've only seen machines and these seem like machines. We haven't seen their builders. This sphere may be a reconnaissance probe full of drones."

She tweeted, "Thousands of small machines are emerging from the #alien #sphere. Purpose: unknown."

"Its 2 a.m. Neesh," Quinn said. "What are we going to do about sleeping?"
"I'm nowhere near ready to sleep. You can sleep in the passenger seat and I'll stay awake in the driver's seat in case we need get away. Thus far they seem benign."
"Okay, I'll try to get some sleep, and later you can get some sleep. I think this will be a long night."
The sphere towered over them. Darkness pervaded the night, but the sense of negative space intimidated them. Quinn tried to sleep but couldn't for a long time. He kept his eyes closed for a while.
Nisha tweeted, "It's an ominous black hole, towering 60 or 80 stories above us. The top is out of sight. The voices are loud now."
At that moment, someone in the growing crowd along the side of the highway turned on a bright floodlight and lit up the area around the base of the sphere.

Nisha tweeted, "This is fascinating and frightening. The little #alien #AI drones are cooperating on some task."

She watched in silence for an hour. Several people walked over to talk and got back into their cars.
"Quinn, wake up," Nisha whispered.
He looked out over the dimly lit landscape.
"What are they doing?
"I'm not sure, but they're cooperating in the construction of something. They aren't reacting to the floodlight. They seem to be ignoring us. And they emit a soft blue glow."

Nisha tweeted, "The #alien machines know we're here, but they're ignoring us. We don't seem to exist to them."

"Look, they're making a pile of dirt," Quinn said. "Why would they do that?"
Nisha shrugged her shoulders.
"I'm not sure but they must be digging a hole on the other side to make the pile. The hole might be a defensive tactic or they might need material for some project."
"I think a mine used to operate out here," Quinn said. "It wasn't successful because the ores were too difficult to extract."
"Oh yes, I remember that," Nisha said. "Rare-earth minerals are here, but they were too expensive to extract so the mining plans were abandoned. Maybe the aliens use the rare earths as we do for our electronics. Maybe this is a universal need."
"Neesh, what are you doing?" Quinn said.
"I'm putting on my Eyepiece to help me detect patterns in their behavior. I've installed a swarm pattern recognition app."
She blinked to activate.
"Does the app help?" Quinn said
"Yes, I now detect things I might otherwise miss. ? Wow."
"What?"
"They're behaving like a crawling swarm. They seem to be working on something. They're moving as one large entity. Something is being created."
"What type of thing?"
"I'm not sure but the structure is getting bigger fast. I'm not sure where they're getting the metal but the thing they're making looks like a concrete and metal framework of some sort."
They watched in silence for 10 minutes. He put his arm around her and said nothing.
 "Impressive," Nisha said. "It's two stories tall already."
"I don't see much," Quinn said.
"Me neither, but my Eyepiece can detect the movement vectors in the chaos and display them on top of the scene before me. It's a semi-transparent display and I can zoom in at 10x magnification. What's this?"
"What?" Quinn said as he looked through his binoculars. "They're doing something out there, but I can't tell what.
"The structure is three stories tall! Hold on," Nisha said.

"She tweeted, "The small #alien crawler drones are building a structure of an undetermined purpose."

Quinn squinted into the darkness.
"They seem to be crawling all over. ? They each seem to be creating a little part of the structure. Each one is a 3-D printer. Do you notice that Neesh? They're like the printer I sometimes use for my sculptures."
"Yes, they're printing the structure! They remind me of ants. I think they can lift things 100 times their weight. They interact cooperatively with each other. The base is expanding too. The construction of this thing is happening so quickly, I can't keep up with them. The building is materializing right in front of our eyes."
Yeah," Quinn said. "I could use a few of these crawler drones at my workshop. Think of the things I could build! They give me the creeps though. They remind me of a cross between a praying mantis and a spider."
"Yeah I know what you mean, but as a collective group, they still remind me of ants. Either way, there's an insect-like quality to them. They're working together using a shared schematic plan. Wait a minute; the DHS wants to talk to me."
Nisha opened her DHS communication app.
"General Sherman, I'm so glad to talk with you. I can't wait to tell you what I'm witnessing here."
"It's good to talk with you too, Dr. Chandra. President Wilson is with me. We're in an underground bunker."
"Hello Madam President," Nisha said.
"Please call me Emma," the President reminded her.
Nisha smiled.
"Okay, call me Nisha!"
"Okay Nisha, please tell us what's happening there. We have people on the way now and they'll be at your location in a few hours. They'll be working with you to learn about this alien intelligence which has landed. What can you tell us right now?"
"Well Emma, we're a 90 minute drive outside of Pasadena in the Mojave desert. I'm excited and paralyzed with fright at the same time. I've been here for a couple of hours. When I got here I watched tens or hundreds of thousands of crawling, insect like mechanical drones digging a hole in the desert. Now they've self-organized into swarm-like formations and are building a structure. It's now about seven stories tall after only an hour of construction."
"An hour ago this didn't exist?"
"That's correct. They're building a structure of an unknown composition for an unknown purpose. The structure looks like the base for a large office building. Millions of drones are crawling up and down the structure. They're 3-D printing the entire structure out of some unknown mixture of materials they've dug out in the desert. There's no light, so I can't show you much. I can barely discern them in the darkness. They're creating this structure quickly. The base is widening, which indicates to me the structure will be of a great size. I estimate they add a new level every five minutes. Eight stories have been completed now. They're moving at an intense pace and are showing no signs of slowing down."
"Fascinating," Emma said. "How would you evaluate the level of their technological development?"
"I don't know what type of beings created these drones or the ones we saw in space, but the technology contains complexity far beyond our current means. And I mean centuries or millennia ahead at our current rate of technological acceleration. The surprising thing is how they're ignoring our presence. I mean, people are shining headlights on them and they keep working. They know we're here. I'm comforted in a way because they ignore us, but I'm anxious because they're making no effort at all to contact us. I doubt these drones possess the entire intelligence behind the sphere in orbit around the moon. These drones seem to be straight builder drones in their function. They've been built by a higher intelligence which might be organic or machine. The higher intelligence seems to be creating a base for their planned activities on Earth. "
"Are you saying they're planning a colony here on Earth?" Emma said.
"No, I can't determine that at this time. However, the structure seems solid and permanent. They're building the 10th level of this structure now and they've been working for not even a couple of hours. The drones are fast and precise. They're the size of a large king crab, but when they collaborate, they can act as one large drone. I don't think each one is remote controlled by some intelligence. These drones are making independent decisions and are working together. They might be operating from a central plan."
"Can you identify any other life forms or other phenomena?" Emma said.
"No," Nisha said. "It's dark. I only see these drones, the structure, and the huge sphere. The amazing thing about the sphere is there are no signs which indicate to me a method of propulsion. No blast marks or other evidence of a landing can be seen. This huge sphere seems to have been gently placed on the desert by an enormous hand. When the Sun rises, I'll be able to give a much better evaluation of the situation."
"Okay, we'll talk later," Emma said. "Our scientists will arrive soon after sunrise to assist you. Also, several military convoys are on their way to try to maintain order out there. You'll be in charge of the scientific inquiry and will work with one other scientist from the CDC. You'll report directly to General Sherman and he'll report to me. I want the best information possible. Understood?"
"Yes, I understand. I'll keep you updated. The structure is now 11 stories tall and getting wider at the base. This is a rapidly developing project they're undertaking. I'm also concerned about microbial contamination in both directions. I'm sure they know what they're doing for their safety, but we don't know what their microbes might do to us."
"Yes we're also sending infectious disease specialists from the CDC. One named Rachel Feynman will work directly with you. She's a multidisciplinary expert," Emma said.
They signed off and Quinn tried to sleep. She watched for a while as the drones furiously continued their work.

She tweeted, "The #alien crawler drones are building a structure at an astonishing pace. No purpose determined."

"Quinn? Wake up! ? Quinn?"
She nudged him a bit. He rubbed his eyes.
"Oh, Neesh. I finally got to sleep. What's happening?"
"They're building a structure. Watch how quickly they work. You've only been asleep for a couple of hours. It's almost time for sunrise."
"Wow," Quinn said. "That thing must be 15 stories tall already. They were starting construction when I fell asleep."
"Yes and I don't know how big this thing is going to be. They seem to be making the material for the structure right here on the building site. Nothing is coming out of the sphere except for drones coming and going. Hold on, I need to update everyone."

Nisha tweeted, "#alien structure is 15 stories tall. Building pace is increasing. Drones are uninterested in us. Voices in my mind are loud."

"Could this go on forever?" Quinn said.
"Yes, there might not be an end to this. They might never run out of materials."
"What are they making?"
Nisha said nothing for a short time.
"I don't know. This might be a monitoring station, or an outpost, or a place to live. Whatever they're building is solid. The sky is getting lighter to the east now. Soon the Sun will rise. I should update everyone."

Nisha tweeted, "It's dawn. An ocean of #alien drones is crawling. Millions of them are working on this structure."

"They look like ants coming down from the hills," Quinn said.
"Yes they seem to be mining something from the mountain and they're bringing the material to the site. The odd thing is I still notice the voices, but they aren't coming from these drones. I think there's something else in the sphere. I think they're living beings even though they sound electronic. They may be a form of advanced AI. They might know where Priya and Sophie are."
Tears filled Quinn's eyes.
"Do you think we'll ever see her again?"
"Yes!" Nisha insisted. "She's in orbit around the moon if she isn't in this sphere in front of us."
"Are you sure Neesh?" Quinn said.
"I'm sure," Nisha said.
Quinn hugged her.
"I'm relieved when you say that. I know you're only trying to make me feel better. The Sun is rising now. Maybe I should go get something for us to eat in Mojave. It's only a few miles away. Okay?"
"Okay," Nisha said. "I'm going to continue to watch from right here until you get back. I don't want to miss anything."

As Quinn drove away, Nisha watched as a large military convoy passed his car on the dusty highway as the convoy headed towards the sphere. Thousands of people lined up on the shoulder. Some were cooking breakfast on portable camp stoves. People in RVs set up camp as though a concert or celebration was happening. Most cars turned around and sped away however. The Sun reflected off the sphere as though off a huge convex mirror. The reflected scattered clouds seemed to bend around the sphere creating a tunnel-like effect.
Nisha watched as the convoy very slowly passed by.
"Dr. Chandra?" An enthusiastic woman wearing an Eyepiece said as she leaned out of a truck.
Nisha felt hesitant to reply. However, she understood her face had been identified in the woman's eyepiece display.
"Yes, this is me," Nisha said.
The truck pulled over and the woman climbed down from the passenger side and extended her hand. The convoy continued on.
"Hi Dr. Chandra, I'm Rachel Feynman. I'm an evolutionary biologist with the CDC and I'm here to work with you for the duration of this event."
Nisha smiled as they shook hands.
"Hi Rachel, I'm glad you're here. I'm getting more anxious by the minute watching them build this thing."
Nisha always had a mistrust of the government, but she had no choice but to go along. She didn't think it was evil, but she knew the limitations of bureaucracy. However, this was her best chance to recover Priya and the other kids so she decided to cooperate.
"I am too," Rachel said. "I don't know how you stayed here overnight in the dark. I'd be scared half to death. Everything is more scary at night. I can't imagine the technological complexity behind what I'm seeing here."
"So what are you thinking right now?"
"We at the CDC are worried about many things. First, we don't know whether microbial life is being set loose. We'll find out quickly. Next, we don't know their intentions, so the convoy will close off this highway and keep people at a safer distance a few miles back. And last but not least, we don't know who 'they' are. They might be organic beings like us, robotic, or a hybrid of the two. They might be a form of life we can't imagine."
"Yes, this might be anything," Nisha said. "My guess is they're organic. If they were robotic, chances are they would have taken over the Earth a while ago. I think these drones are semi-autonomous but in the end controlled or software limited by whatever beings created them."
They watched in silence for a several minutes, while Rachel took some air samples. They were downwind from the construction site.
"Wow, is the structure bigger than it was a few minutes ago?" Rachel said.
"You aren't imagining anything. It's 30 stories tall and the base is getting thicker after only a few hours of construction. They're adding one story every five minutes."
"Incredible. I don't know what we can do about them."
"All we can do for now is make the best of this circumstance and learn as much as we can. Are they blocking the highway entrance to this area now? My husband is returning from Mojave with food."
"Sorry," Rachel said. "He'll be redirected to a designated viewing area a mile behind us. Another mile behind that will be a public viewing area. Only a few of us will be allowed to be this close. Also, we'll need to live in a special bio-safe tent structure we're building nearby. All of us on the team will live in these structures so we don't infect the general population. You must wear this stylish bio suit until we can determine the nature of their infections organisms."
"Hmm," Nisha said playfully. "They are quite stylish!"
Rachel smiled and held the suit in front of her. They laughed. Nisha blinked to activate her Eyepiece.
"Quinn, I'm sorry but we're being separated. They want me to live here temporarily, so I don't infect anyone."
"Unbelievable," Quinn said. "First I lose Pree, and now you? What am I going to do?"
"You're going to keep an eye on me here, and you're going to be available for Sanjay. Did you speak with him?"
"Yes, he's afraid because of what he's seeing on the YouTube news. I'll go home tonight, but I don't want to lose you. You're the love of my life Neesh."
"You're mine too, I'll be okay. Take care of Sanjay and I'll be here working on getting Pree back. Watch my Twitter video stream, Okay?"
"Right. I'll also be watching you at the designated viewing area. I've spotted you now in my scope. I'm waving. Do you see me?"
"No, I ? Oh, yes I do!" Nisha said as she jumped and waved back. "I need to go now but contact me whenever you need me. This is my workplace now."
"Okay Neesh," Quinn said. "I love you, bye."
"See you Quinn! I love you more," Nisha said.
She tried to keep the mood light despite her increasing pulse rate and broken heart. She knew it could get a lot worse before it got better. She didn't want to tell him, but she feared she would never see her family ever again.

Nisha tweeted, "#alien construction continues. Public viewing areas are being constructed. HWY 14 is closed N of Mojave."

Rachel walked over to Nisha on the crunchy granite sand.
"Okay, they've set up a temporary place for us. Come with me."
They drove on a dusty road, and walked over to the tent, which had a high vantage point where they could monitor the intense alien activity.
"Impressive!" Nisha said. "Everything is here for you guys. You have scopes, computers, and a full lab!"
 "You mean, everything is here for US!" Rachel said. "You're part of our team now Nisha. Our immediate mission is to detect alien microorganisms."
"Thanks Rachel," Nisha said. "I'm glad you're here. I'm getting more anxious as time goes on. We'll watch this structure grow by the minute."
Nisha counted the levels in silence. Rachel, had a playful side to her.
"19,7,43,31," Rachel said.
Nisha smiled.
"Rachel stop, I'm trying to count!"
Rachel smiled.
"Let me see. ? The tower is ? 50 stories tall."
Nisha smiled at Rachel, whose face became frozen in place.
"What's wrong Rachel? I thought your joke was funny."
"Um. ? Something is behind you. Turn around slowly and stay calm."
Nisha turned around and looked into the eye of something hovering. She struggled to speak. Then she felt a deep paralysis set in. She knew what it was.
"Rachel, I can't move."
"I can't move either," Rachel said.
"This happened to me when they took Priya. The best thing to do is to not struggle. If you do, the force against you gets stronger."
"Okay, I'll do that," Rachel said.
With a quick blink, Nisha turned on her Eyepiece recorder which fed video to her Twitter and other accounts.
"Everyone can watch now," Nisha said. "I'm glad my eyes aren't paralyzed."
"Who is everyone?" Rachel said.
"Every one of my 100 million Twitter followers can watch my video feed right now. And they can listen to me speak since I turned on my microphone. I need to describe this thing to them."
Nisha focused on the small sphere in front of her and began her report while pretending to be calm.
"I'm Nisha Chandra. I'm having trouble breathing. Sorry. I'm with Rachel Feynman, the lead evolutionary biologist with the CDC. We're located in the Mojave Desert north of LA about 300 meters from the alien sphere. What you're looking at seems to be a monitor drone. The surface is reflective, like the bigger spheres. The drone is about the size of a basketball and is hovering a few feet in front of me. I'm anxious because I've been paralyzed by something like this before. I can hear faint mechanical sounds as appendages emerge from the reflective outer shell and move around. I detect no sounds of propulsion except small jets which are for stability. I'm not sure how the drone hovers so silently. It's possibly magnetically driven. I'm not sure. I'm uncomfortable because it's close to me and it's scanning me. I can't describe the movement of the appendages over my body. I can't walk or move my arms but I can talk and breathe thankfully. This is the same paralysis I encountered when they abducted my child Priya."
"Nisha, small flying things are coming out of the back of the drone."
"There they are," Nisha said to her audience. "They appear to be like the mosquito drones which took blood samples earlier. Ouch, the needle got me!"
"Are you okay?" Rachel said.
"I'm fine. I felt a pin prick through my haz-mat suit. We've detected no side effects or infections after they do this. I'm not worried. Well, I am but, well never mind."
Rachel winced.
"Ouch, the needle got me too!"
"It's okay Rachel. I doubt anything will happen to us."
"I hope you're right Nisha. I'm seeing a report in my eyepiece which states we've detected no alien microorganisms. I'm not sure how they've accomplished this feat. We spent over $100 million sterilizing the Mars Rover 5 and still, several million microbes survived the trip to Mars. Although they survived, they couldn't reproduce in the harsh conditions and they all eventually died."
The sphere accelerated away from them and disappeared into the parent sphere like a drop of water hitting a pond.
Rachel finally moved.
"I'm free!"
"I'm free too," Nisha said. "That seems to be the way they operate. They move in fast, paralyze us, do their work and leave. They're professionally clinical, don't you think?"
"Yes. They do their work with analytical precision with the least amount of trauma to the subject, who is us. It's like we're lab animals."
Nisha teared up as she watched the sphere.
"I hope they're treating Priya and the other kids humanely. Well, maybe the term 'humanely' doesn't apply here but you know what I mean. I'm ending this transmission now, but I'll give you updates whenever I can."
Nisha blinked, and terminated her Eyepiece transmission. She sobbed for a moment and then pulled herself together.
"Wow," she said. "In all of the confusion I hadn't noticed how much height they've added to the tower. It's ? over 100 stories tall now! This means the height is about 500 meters, or 1,500 feet. The tower is much taller than the sphere."
They watched in silence for a while. Rachel examined the structure closely as she magnified her Eyepiece view.
"The building material doesn't appear to be metal or any construction material we know. It's smoother and has a gray flat texture to it, which is similar to concrete but smoother. I wish I could examine the substance up close. I guess they chose this site because of the proximity to appropriate building materials and the location is far removed from human population centers."
"Maybe we should!" Nisha said.
"Should what?"
Nisha smiled slyly.
"Examine the substance up close!"
"No way, I'm not getting close to those things!" Rachel said.
Nisha squinted in the early morning sunlight.
"Speaking of those things," Nisha said. "They're climbing down now. They're heading into the sphere like ants retreating into their burrow."

Nisha tweeted, "Frame of #alien structure might be complete. The crawler drones are no longer performing their construction activities."

"Things seem to be slowing down for the moment," Nisha said. "I haven't had any sleep all night so I better get some while I can. Is that okay?"
"Sure, I'll wake you up if anything new happens," Rachel said.

Nisha slept for a few hours. Rachel gave her husband and son the latest news. In Washington, D.C., plans were being made to deal with them. President Wilson paced the floor of her subterranean Oval Office and discussed strategy with General Sherman and the Chiefs of Staff.
"Lucas, we have few options open to us," she said. "As soon as we do anything considered dangerous by the alien life form or forms, all those involved are killed. They seem to know all about the actors in this play. I want a list of possible scenarios and how we can respond to them. I don't profess to know what will happen. Events have been unpredictable. However, I'd like to work out some simulations which might help us when things get tough. We must think of non-lethal ways to defend ourselves."
I'll get right on that Emma," Lucas said. "It's difficult to know where to start. They've made no attempt to communicate with us, as far as we know. They ignore our attempts too. Even our best simulation theorists are at a loss. However, we'll persevere. In the meantime, I've sent 5,000 troops to get people away from the Mojave building site. 1,000 troops are arriving now. A primary viewing area for approved scientists and others will be constructed one mile upwind from the site. There's a bluff three miles away which can serve as a public viewing area. We'll not allow weapons at the public area."
"That's good Lucas," Emma said. "What's happening with the sphere in orbit around the moon?"
"Other than faint transmissions which are going back and forth between the lunar orbiting sphere and the Mojave sphere, we detect no activity at all. The orbit is unchanged. The astronauts, who are still in lunar orbit, don't appear to be contaminated with alien microorganisms. No contamination has been detected among any of the people who were attacked in New York by the mosquito drones. The aliens appear to be careful to avoid contamination, assuming they're organic beings."
"Thanks Lucas. Keep me informed at all times. This is the most pressing issue right now. This is more important than the stock market which has dropped another 5% this morning and down 35% in the past 10 days. I can't do anything about this. It's all psychological. People are worried and are saving their money for a rainy day. The rain appears to be falling."

Quinn watched the construction from the designated viewing area for several hours. After speaking with Nisha, he decided to go back home to look after Sanjay. It was a long hot drive home into a setting sun. He wondered if he'd never see Nisha and Priya ever again. He took a deep breath as he entered the front door, trying to act as though nothing was wrong.
"Daddy, I don't want to go to school anymore. They're picking on me and my friend who heard the voices. Now my friend is gone. I understand they abducted him too. Now they'll pick on only me. Can I be home schooled?"
"Sanjay, I think we can home school you now. Mom is going to be busy for a while and I'll have more free time since my sculptures aren't selling. So I'm going to stay home with you."
"Yessss!" Sanjay said.
Then he looked at the floor and frowned. He knew what was wrong. Autism didn't stop him from feeling pain and loss. He also knew the possible dangers in the desert.
"What about Pree? Where is she? And Mommy?"
"We don't know where Pree is," Quinn said. "My guess is she's in the sphere orbiting the moon. Nobody knows for sure what's happening. I miss her. I'm missing your mom too. She's going to be working at the alien construction site for a while. It's you and me now, so we need to stick together. Okay?"
"Okay Daddy."

Nisha managed to get a few hours of sleep in the scientist's tent. She woke up and walked over to Rachel as she watched the alien construction site through the opening of the tent door.
"Rachel, what's been happening while I slept?"
She gazed skyward.
"They created a beautiful structure. Now the drones are moving equipment and other unknown things from the sphere and into the structure."
Nisha looked more closely at the framework.
"There's no pure metal. The concrete appears polished and it's gleaming in the sunlight."
"I can't believe this," Rachel said. "All the windows are being created at the same time by the drones. They're 3D printing glass."
"They built the tower quickly," Nisha said. "The whole thing is partially enclosed in a somewhat similar reflective surface as the sphere. Hold on, let me tweet this."

"Today is #alien move-in day. The structure is a fantastic work of art on the highest level. _pics."

Rachel watched Nisha send out the tweet.
"If this is moving day, who/what is moving in? #alien #WeirdVoices."

"That's a good question," Nisha said. "Let me go get something to eat and I'll be back."
Rachel squinted as she picked up her scope to get a better view.
"Nisha!"
She walked back over to Rachel.
"What do you see?"
Rachel had trouble speaking. She pointed towards the tower.
Nisha picked up her scope.
"What's wrong Rachel?" she said as she scanned the building site. "It's them! Those are not machines. The voices in my mind became louder than ever."
Nisha turned on her Eyepiece video with a blink so everyone could watch.

She tweeted, "#Alien life forms spotted emerging from sphere. They appear organic like us. Not AI unless a hybrid. Our new neighbors are sturdy and strong looking."

"Nisha, maybe we should evacuate and move back."
"No, they know we're here. I don't think we should show fear. In the animal world, if you run away you become the hunted. If they wanted to destroy us, we wouldn't be here to be concerned about running away."
"What about accidental infections by alien microorganisms?" Rachel said.
"I'm not going to worry," Nisha said. "If alien microbes are loose and we're vulnerable, it's too late for us as a species. We might as well assume they've taken precautions in some way."
Rachel took a deep breath and wiped the sweat of her palms on a towel.
"Okay, I agree," Rachel said. "We're continually taking air samples, so we'll know if alien microbes are spreading. We've now identified some strange ones, but thus far they aren't infectious to the animals we've brought along or to us. Their immune systems test in the normal range. We might not need these HazMat suits for long."
Nisha took a deep breath and looked through her scope again. She had never experienced terror and happiness at the same time until now.
"They're moving on two legs! Oh, this is fascinating. I've always dreamed of this moment. My hands are shaking so much that I can't observe them through the scope."
Rachel moved the scope to rest on top of the fence nearby.
"There, this should help."
"Thanks Rachel, that's better. I'll switch over to my Eyepiece in a minute. I can't get over this. I'm seeing a species from another planet. They're large but graceful, don't you think?"
"Yes, they glide along in a smooth way, even though they're two legged. They must be strong."
"Yes," Nisha said. "They easily handle Earth's gravity. They might come from a planet with stronger gravity. Most of them are carrying things. The structure of their arms is like ours but their hands are different. Can you see their hands Rachel?"
"Yes, sometimes I get a glimpse of their hands. They have many fingers, but we're too far away to get a clear view. They aren't human-like, despite a somewhat similar body layout."
"You're right," Nisha said. "They come in many different colors. And they don't seem to be wearing clothing as far as I can tell, though some of the skin is covered with something like fur. Most are blue, but watch the red one near the first post. ? Wait ? the red one is turning blue. Wow! They can turn colors. Why do they change colors? Another one is changing from bluish-green to red. I wish I could observe them close up, but I'm afraid to get any closer. I'm uneasy being only 200 meters away. Thousands of them are coming out of the sphere now. They're walking into the new structure."
"Hey, they're watching us," Rachel said. "Is your Eyepiece turned on?"
"Yes. Several of them are looking at us. I think we're too close. We shouldn't back away now. That would be a sign of weakness. Oh no?"
"What Nisha?"

"Two of them are heading towards us," Nisha said.
She wrote a quick tweet, "Two #alien beings are walking towards me right now. Follow my live Eyepiece feed."
Rachel smiled as best she could and made light of the moment.
"That last tweet should get you a few followers!"
Nisha stopped to take a deep breath.
"Yeah, I guess you're right. This is a tough way to gain new followers though. I can't believe that real aliens from outer space are walking towards us and we're thinking about my Twitter stream! It's a good distraction. Be calm Rachel, and don't make any rapid movements. "
Rachel looked wide-eyed at Nisha as they walked across the scrub land and directly up to them, still in their hazmat suits..
"Okay, I'll be calm if you say so! Now that they're right in front of us, they're bigger than I thought. They're well over six feet tall. And check out their eyes."
"Yes," Nisha said, describing them to her audience. "They're like the eyes of a chameleon. They move independently. They're over a foot taller than me. And I estimate they weigh about three times my weight."
"Hello," Nisha said to the aliens who were a pleasant shade of blue.
The aliens didn't reply. They inspected Nisha and Rachel.
"Maybe they didn't understand you Nisha," Rachel said.
"I don't know. They have ear-like slits at the base of the skull, but I'm not certain. I'm getting nervous. I can still move. Can you move?"
Rachel stood stiffly and nodded yes.
"I'm having trouble breathing."
"Me too, but it's nerves, not paralysis. The voices are still in my mind Rachel. The voices, or whatever they might be, are similar to the voices I've known since day one. Only now there's less static. I perceive them as electronic. These two aliens sound louder in my mind than the other thousands of voices I've heard, but they're not speaking out loud. They seem to be speaking a language but I don't know what they're saying. The sound is so muffled that it's like white noise. They communicate rapidly. Ugh, now this is intimidating."
"What's intimidating Nisha?"
"See how they watch us? I felt this way once when I watched a grizzly bear in a cage. I felt that if the bear could get out of the cage, I would be helpless to stop it from attacking me. The problem is, these aliens are out of their cage, and they're inspecting me as though I'm a curiosity or worse, dinner!"
Rachel turned to one of the aliens and said, "Hello."
Nisha pointed to herself and said, "Nisha."
She pointed to one of the aliens. They continued their inspection and didn't respond. One looked right into Nisha's eyes, first with one eye and then with the other eye until both eyes focused on her.
Nisha could sense a voice in her mind, so she looked back and said, "I can hear you."
The alien gave Nisha a sniff with a rubbery, ribbed nose. The aliens stared at each other with one eye for a long time. The other eye was on Nisha and Rachel.
"I think they're communicating," Nisha said. "They must use telepathy in some way. I don't think that's physically possible to send telepathic signals with organic brains. However, they don't make sounds. They don't seem to use their little mouths to communicate. Their eyes make me uneasy. They're looking at me in two places at once and then they focus. Check out those fingers."
Nisha focused her Eyepiece on the alien hand as it reached out to touch her. The world watched.
"Don't move Nisha!" Rachel said.
"I won't," Nisha said. "Rachel, each hand has six fingers, with three opposing the other three. The layout is like having three thumbs opposing three fingers. The fingers appear extremely nimble. The hand is squeezing my arm. ? Ouch! Their skin is rough, like a cat's tongue."
The alien pulled away.
Nisha picked up a pad of paper and a pen from the nearby picnic table. The aliens noticed. She drew a picture of the solar system with the Sun in the middle and an arrow pointing to the third planet, the Earth. She pointed to the third planet and said, "Earth."
The aliens glanced at each other and turned bright shades of green.
"I made an impression," Nisha said.
They turned towards each other for a moment, turned and walked away towards the sphere and tower.
"Oh, maybe I didn't make much of an impression."
"That's all?" Rachel said. "No, 'take me to your leader' or anything?"
Nisha breathed heavily.
"That's enough for now I guess. My heart feels like it's going to explode. I can sense their intellect and their physical power all at once. I'm overwhelmed."
Nisha teared up, and so did Rachel.
"My heart is also racing," Rachel said. "It won't slow down. My pulse rate is 150."
"Mine too," Nisha said. "What's strange is I felt nothing emotional from them. They didn't seem interested in us. They were curious about the experience of seeing us close up, but they didn't pay us any attention as individuals. We're like specimens to them."
"You're right Nisha. They were more interested in each other than in us. I've been violated. They sniffed at us and looked us over without any compassion. I felt like a cornered animal and they treated us as animals. Now they're back at the sphere going about their business as though nothing happened. For humans, this may be the most significant event in history. For them, it's just another day at the zoo. What makes the situation worse is none of the others are as interested as they were. They watched from a distance and didn't bother to come over. What are your impressions Nisha?"
"My experience is similar to yours. I believe they think they're so far above us, we don't warrant direct communication. At one point, I think they attempted to communicate. I could sense their electronic thoughts when I said 'Earth' and they turned green. I could sense their voices in my mind but I guess I didn't reply in a way they consider to be civilized. Did I do something wrong?"
"I don't think there's anything else you might do, short of knowing their language and communicating silently."
Nisha smiled as they streamed into the new structure like a line of ants moving between a food source into a colony. 
"Yeah, I'd impress them if I could paralyze them and force them into my super, trans-warp anti-matter drive sphere! Wait a second. I'm getting a notification in my Eyepiece from an astronomer friend."
Rachel waited.
"The sphere in orbit around the Moon is leaving orbit and appears to be heading to Earth. That sphere is 20 miles in diameter, which is about 100 times the diameter of this enormous sphere in front of us. I can't breathe."
They said nothing for a moment as Rachel glanced up at the crescent Moon in the morning sky and felt her pulse in her neck.
"I'm having trouble too," she said. "Is the mother sphere going to land here? Is this 1,000 foot sphere in front of us only a shuttle? That big thing might crush all of us. Fortunately, we're too close to the other sphere for it to land on this spot without crushing the tower and the shuttle sphere."
"We should get a little sleep," Nisha said. "I think we'll need to be rested when the spacecraft arrives."
Nisha addressed her Twitter audience.
"I'll broadcast more soon everyone. Don't panic. They mean us no harm."
She blinked and turned off her Eyepiece broadcast but kept recording, in case something happened.

In Washington, D.C., the President and her staff monitored the movement of the large sphere as it approached the Earth.
"Lucas, where is the ship now?" President Wilson said.
"Emma the sphere is already 90% of the way to Earth," General Sherman said.
"How long ago did it leave lunar orbit?"
"Almost two hours ago."
"Are you saying this 20 mile-wide thing can travel from the Moon to the Earth in two hours?"
"Affirmative," General Sherman said. "At this point, all we can do is wait and be on the highest level of readiness. That's our current status. Countries around the world are also on their highest alert status. We're communicating to make sure nobody makes a mistake and launches a nuclear device."
"Yes, the enemy isn't on this planet," the President said. "Let's keep it that way. What's the stock market doing?"
"The averages dropped 8% in the past hour. That's a 40% drop since the crisis began," the Fed Chairman said. "I've never seen such a steep decline, not only in the stock market but in overall economic activity. At the start of the great depression, The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped from 400 to 200 in the two week crash, then it rose for six months to 300, and then dropped to 40 two years later. People aren't buying things. Many are taking off work. This might turn into an severe depression. I'm taking interest rates to zero effective as soon as this meeting ends. I'm glad we managed to pay down the national debt to near zero over the past decade. That should help us survive this fall. We can borrow if necessary to keep the economy afloat. ? If people will buy the bonds."
The President turned to the General.
"What's the sphere doing now Lucas?"
"The speed is decreasing. ? He held a finger up. Please wait."
Silence.
"Yes I'm getting confirmation. The spacecraft is entering Earth's orbit. ? It's not preparing to land on the Earth. For now we'll remain at the highest defensive condition."

"Nisha? ? Wake up," Rachel whispered.
"Oh, hi Rachel," Nisha said as she rubbed her eyes.
She blinked to activate her Eyepiece and transmitted video.
"What's happening?"
Rachel looked out the open flaps of the tent towards the setting moon over the sphere.
"The big sphere is in a geostationary orbit around the Earth. It has a permanent direct line of sight to this location and the surrounding hemisphere."
"The sphere in orbit around the moon is already in orbit? How long did I sleep?"
Rachel blinked to know the time.
"You were asleep for a little over two hours. The sphere took two hours to travel from lunar orbit to an orbit around the Earth!"
"Impressive," Nisha said. "Everything they do is impressive. Even their architecture is impressive. I mean, check out this building. This is the most impressive structure on Earth. They built it overnight without lifting a single one of their six fingers. And they used materials located on-site. How many of them might live in there?"
Rachel studied the tower for a while. She blinked to activate her Eyepiece.
"I'm getting an estimate of 250,000 based on their size and how much space humans need. Reality might be much different."
Nisha put her hands to her temples.
"Oh?"
"What's happening?" Rachel said.
"The voices are loud now. Millions of them seem to be flowing in a chorus."
Nisha continued rubbing her temples.
"The sensation is like a continuous flow of electrons. I wonder if this is how the internet sounds if I could hear the entire thing with my ears. I can't tell if what I'm sensing are their thoughts or their communications. Maybe I'm sensing both because they're the same thing."
"Yes, maybe they're both one and the same," Rachel said.
Nisha pinched her eyes into little slits.
"Oh I understand what you mean. In other words, what they think gets transmitted in the same way our thoughts get transmitted when we type or talk. That's a good theory. If correct, I wonder how they get their thoughts translated into electronic signals. Hmm, this gets me to thinking. I wonder if ?"
She stared at her feet.
"You wonder if what?"
"Sorry," Nisha said. "For a second I thought I heard Priya. Thousands of voices and signals are flowing by in my mind. Somehow I can vaguely pick them up."
"I sense nothing from them," Rachel said.
"You're fortunate Rachel. The noise is constant and invasive. I can't get away from them. Oh?"
Rachel put her hand on Nisha's shoulder.
"What?"
"I think I picked up on some human voices. I think Priya's was among them. I'm not sure. Maybe I'm wishing too hard. Hold on."
Nisha blinked to talk with Quinn and he answered.
"Neesh? Is that you?"
 "Yes. And just so you know, the world is watching us talk right now. How are you? I missed you all night. The night went on forever."
"I missed you too Neesh. Sanjay and I are going over some school assignments. He wants to be home schooled. And since I'll be at home for a while, I decided to take advantage of that. I hope this is okay."
"Of course," Nisha said. "I contacted you to tell you I'm okay and I believe Pree is alive and well. When the big sphere entered orbit, the voices got louder and clearer. Twice I think I heard Priya's voice and other human-like voices too. They sounded a little electronic and not quite human, as do all the voices."
"That's exciting! Except about the electronic part."
"Yes! I want you to know she's okay and I miss you so much. I need to go. Listen to my stream and you'll know everything I do. I might send you a little message from time to time, though I'm streaming to the world. Okay?"
"Okay Neesh," Quinn said. "Be careful. I want you both back!"
"Okay, I'll get us back Quinn, bye."

As Nisha said goodbye, Rachel glanced into the clear blue sky and pointed.
"Umm? Nisha!"
"Another one!" Nisha said. "Just like the first one."
Rachel got an incoming message.
"I'm getting conformation. The new sphere came from the large sphere in orbit," she said.
"I hear no sound other than some displacement wind and a low throbbing hum," Nisha said. "How do they do that? How are these things moving? They're incredible engineers. I'm in awe of them. I understand why an advanced civilization might be worshiped as gods. ? I'm getting an alert from my compass app, there's a strong magnetic disturbance happening. The sphere appears to be partially propelled by a magnetic drive which might work against the Earth's magnetic field. They're sailing on the field or something. I can't imagine how much energy is required to resist the weak magnetic field of the Earth enough to levitate this huge sphere."
"I'm in awe too," Rachel said. "Okay, it's touching the ground ?. There!"
"It landed silently and perfectly. I sensed a low frequency rolling for a moment."
"Incredible!" Rachel said. "That makes two. They're awesome creatures, but I hope they don't turn against us."
Nisha gazed upwards.
"Me too. There's no indication they'll turn against us. They've taken every precaution to not damage the environment or the life on  Earth. They kill only in self-defense as a precaution to avoid future deaths or injuries. I'm a little more optimistic at the moment, though I'm cautious."
"Do you think Priya and the other children are alive?" Rachel said.
"Yes, I know it for a fact. They sound different than the aliens, but they're out there. I'm not sure why, but in the past few days, the children's voices sound electronic. I could never sense the thoughts of Priya or anyone else before. I don't believe in telepathy. There's no evidence that our mushy chemically connected brains broadcast decipherable electromagnetic signals."
Rachel stared at the second sphere, which sat on the desert floor behind and to the right of the first sphere. The crawling builder drones were coming out from both spheres.
Nisha blinked to zoom in with her Eyepiece as she continued to send out video.
"Probably more than a million of them are exiting the spheres. They seem to be doing the same thing as before. Notice how they're going into the same mining hole? They might build another tower. I'd guess at least 10,000 of the aliens are living in the first tower already. That's 3%-10% of capacity. Rachel, what are you looking at?"
"I'm not sure. Something is happening with the first sphere."
They observed in silence as it levitated above the desert floor and accelerated into the sky. The liftoff was as silent as the landing, other than the heavy vibration in the ground when it landed."
Nisha continued broadcasting the events.
"Ugh!" Rachel shouted. "That's the most powerful sonic boom I've ever experienced. The sphere traveled away from us, which reduced the sound volume, but the boom still shook the ground. There's a dust devil still swirling in its place."
"Impressive!" Nisha said. "I guess I'm going to be saying that a lot in the coming days. How can I not say that? I can't get over their level of mastery of physics and other sciences. They seem to be a race of master engineers. Oh, I had a thought."
"What's that?"
"Well, the original sphere has left behind at least 10,000 aliens in the tower. This means they're living in this area, at least temporarily. This structure looks permanent to me. However, they built this tower in less than a day. For them, this might be like putting up a tent for camping. I'm confused right now. What do they want?"
Rachel focused on the second sphere with her Eyepiece.
"Thousands of aliens are coming out of the second sphere and moving into the tower. They aren't wasting any time."
"Yes," Nisha said. "They don't mess around. When they want to do something, they go all out. Watch them. They're all bright shades of blue and green. I wonder what the colors signify.
Rachel glanced at Nisha as she watched the aliens.
"Um, look up."
Nisha still broadcasted video. She glanced at Rachel, and then gazed into the sky.
"Here comes another one. They come in fast, but they appear to be in slow motion because they're so big. I guess these 300 meter spheres are shuttles, going back and forth to the mother ship. Wow, there's the delayed sonic boom and now the ground is vibrating again during landing."
"Nisha turn around. Here comes an entire group of aliens walking this way.
"Stay calm like before. Let them examine us. I'm going to narrate for my broadcast audience. This group looks the same as the last two individuals who inspected us earlier. They're flickering in bright shades of blue. I wonder if the colors indicate emotional states of being. I haven't had a chance to revise my method of greeting them. Last time they seemed to get bored. What should we do? We can't impress them with our technological prowess. We might have something in common with them on an emotional level, or on some other level. How can we establish a connection with them?"
They became silent as the aliens walked over to them.
"I'm getting anxious," Rachel said. "They want to touch me. They're getting too close. I want to get out of here."
Nisha continued broadcasting to the worldwide audience.
"I'm freaking out too, but let them inspect us. They appear to want to avoid harming us. They're strong enough to do us some serious damage. This one is examining my eye closely but delicately. You in the audience must be getting quite a close-up view of their incredible independently moving eyes via my Eyepiece. Rachel, tell the guys in the tent to get out of there. The aliens are going in and I don't want any trouble."
"Okay, let's go find out what they're doing in there."
They walked over to the tent , trying to be slow and casual.
"Wow," Nisha said. "They're taking the equipment. I'm not sure what to do. I hope they don't take the infrared scanner. I'm going to get that before they do."
Nisha grabbed the scanner, but one of the biggest aliens came over and tried to snatch the gun-like device out of her hands. However, Nisha held on.
"It's turning red," Rachel warned. "I think you better let go."
"Fine, take the thing!" Nisha shouted at the alien.
The alien pulled hard and took away the scanner effortlessly. It gave Nisha a close inspection with both eyes, turned and walked out of the tent.
"You've got some nerve!" Nisha shouted while following them as they walked out.
Rachel didn't want things to get out of control.
"Nisha, I don't think yelling at them is a good idea. We don't want to start an interstellar war. I don't think we'd win."
Nisha looked to the ground, breathing rapidly.
"Yeah, I know. I got upset. Who do they think they are?"
"For the time being, they're the dominant species on this planet. That's who they are, and they know it."
They watched as the aliens walked back to their tower. Nisha kicked the ground in disgust.
"They don't care at all. They came over, checked us out, grabbed some of our equipment and left. They didn't attempt to communicate. They want to check out our level of technological development. I'm a little embarrassed because this will confirm what they already know. We're a backward species compared to them."
Rachel turned towards the alien tower.
"A second tower is going up. They built two levels during the time we were in the tent."
"I wonder what they're doing. Are they setting up an outpost of some sort? Do they want to observe us and the local solar system? Are they early colonists, similar to Columbus and the like? You know what Columbus and those who followed him did to the native people. Things briefly were fine, and then things turned ugly. Do they view us in the same way the early explorers thought of the dodo bird? Are we only a curiosity to them?"
"I'm not sure," Rachel said. "They don't seem to be aggressive towards us."
"That's true. The early explorers weren't aggressive towards the Dodo either, but the huge bird still became extinct because the explorers didn't care, and they were hungry. These aliens don't seem to want to exterminate us, but they don't care about us either."
"I think you're worrying too much," Rachel said as she put her hand on Nisha's shoulder. "Why don't you get a little sleep? I need some sleep too. We'll be alerted if anything happens."
Nisha contacted Quinn to say good night, and then she slept. A few hours later, still in darkness, Rachel tapped her on the shoulder.
"Nisha, wake up. We gotta move."
"Why should we move Rachel?" Nisha said as she rubbed her eyes and got up.
"The crawler drones are moving this way. I think they're going to build a third tower nearby, so we better move back."
"Okay," Nisha said as she surveyed the local terrain. "Let's move up the rocky hillside about 1,000 meters. They seem to like flat land so they won't build up there."
"Yes, I think you're right," Rachel said.

Chapter 9
Two hours later, after midnight, they moved into their new position up the hill. The view was better.
"I'm glad we don't have to wear these HazMat suits anymore," Nisha said.
"Me too," Rachel said. "I don't know how they accomplished the feat of not endangering us with their microbes. We've identified 178 new species. However, they aren't harmful to us or the unprotected lab animals we brought here. A few birds are having some problems but none have died. The egg laying process has slowed in some of the chickens. The alien microbes are so similar to our bacteria and viruses that we're immune to most of them or there is little interaction between us and them. Other alien microbes seem to die or not reproduce when exposed to our environment. We'll find out what happens over the next few days."
Nisha gazed out over the two newly built towers. They were different than the first one and different from each other. They both possessed elegance on a massive scale.
"They appear like a small sculpture Quinn might create," Nisha said as she examined the towers. "However, they're over 1,000 meters tall. A few human-made office towers are taller than these, but those are fragile compared to these massive structures. The builder drones are creating a round structure over there."
"What do you suppose that is Nisha?"
"I don't know, but the shape is more industrial than the towers. This structure doesn't appear to be a place where they would want to live. But what do I know about this species? I know nothing."
Rachel glanced skyward as another sphere descended.
"Ugh, I hate those sonic booms and the ground vibrations! How many does this make? I'm losing count now. These huge spheres are only shuttles to them. They seem to be moving about 10,000 at a time into the towers."
"I think this makes 10," Nisha said. "This means 100,000 of them have moved into the towers. If 10,000 are in each of these spheres, a million of them might be in the big sphere in orbit right now. This seems like more than a little scouting expedition. Rachel? What's happening?"
"Hold on. I'm getting an update from our monitors."
 Rachel talked to someone at the CDC headquarters as Nisha listened.
 "Really? Are you sure? Okay ? thank you."
"Tell me," Nisha said. "Don't keep me waiting!"
"Now I'm worried, another large sphere has entered Earth's orbit."
Rachel zoomed in on the bases of two towers and said nothing.
"Rachel, they're streaming into those towers. ? Rachel? What are you so interested in?"
Rachel said nothing for several seconds.
"I think you better zoom in on the stream entering the closest tower."
Nisha blinked and her Eyepiece magnified the view by a factor of 20. The world watched the video stream.
"Smaller life forms are mixed into the crowd," Nisha said. "They might be alien children but they have tails, unlike the adults. Are they pets? Maybe they lose their tails when they become adults. This is fascinating!"
"Zoom in more," Rachel said. "What are walking near the alien children?"
"They're human! They've got our children!" Nisha said. "Priya must be alive! I thought I had heard her in my mind a few minutes ago. Our children are walking unprotected right alongside the alien children."
They observed for a couple of minutes. Nisha shook her head.
"What's odd is our children aren't looking around. They're marching along looking straight ahead. They don't seem to be talking. I'm happy! How many of our children have been abducted?"
Rachel searched for the answer.
"We estimate about 25,000 children were abducted with zero new abductions in the past few days."
"This is exciting but I can't stay awake any longer," Nisha said. "It's 3am, let's get some sleep. If it were daytime, I'd go over and talk to them. A month ago, I couldn't imagine sleeping within walking distance of thousands of alien beings. I guess I'm getting used to them now. They haven't hurt us, so they probably won't tonight. My heart isn't even racing. I'm relieved that the kids are alive."
Nisha left her video feed on while second camera pointed towards the colony as she and Rachel got a few hours of sleep.

She awoke to a voice in her ear.
"Nisha wake up!"
Nisha rubbed her eyes as she struggled to wake up.
"Quinn, is that you?"
"Yes Neesh. I'm watching your video feed and a minute ago I thought I saw some aliens poking their heads into your tent. You and Rachel were sleeping. They were small compared to the other ones. I think they left because you were snoring!"
"I'll get you! You know I don't snore."
"Whatever you say Neesh!"
"Okay, I'll check it out. I miss you so much. Keep watching, okay?"
"I'll keep an eye on you. Keep your Eyepiece video feed on at all times," Quinn said.
He disconnected.
"Rachel, wake up," Nisha said as she nudged her shoulder. "Alien children were in the tent."
"Oh," Rachel said in a sleepy voice. "Where are they now?"
"I don't ?"
Nisha hesitated when she heard a little movement outside.
"I think they're walking behind the tent. Let's go see," she whispered.
They got dressed and walked around to the back of the tent where their satellite dish transmitted their video feeds to the world. The children looked over with those eyes.
"What are they doing?" Rachel said.
"They seem to be inspecting the dish," Nisha said.
The children walked over to Nisha and Rachel and began sniffing them.
"They're also inspecting us. I'm glad they're not bigger than us, but the way they watch us is unnerving. I imagine they're looking over prey with those eyes of theirs and the way they sniff us out."
"Yeah, they make me uncomfortable," Rachel said.
Nisha nodded her head, but said nothing as one child inspected her closely.
"I don't like it touching me like that. Get away!"
Nisha lightly slapped the alien child's hand away. The child's skin turned a bright red, but another child stepped in silently to prevent a possible attack.
"Well, at least we know red is the universal color of anger," Nisha said. "Be careful, they're not as big as the adults but they're still much stronger than us. Also, this feed is being distributed around the world so whatever we do here has the potential of affecting history. And I'm sure the aliens are monitoring every move we make."
Nisha turned to the intervening child and said, "Thank you!"
She smiled and bowed her head.
It silently watched Nisha for what seemed like an entire minute.
"Rachel, I think it's trying to communicate with me. I can detect something in my mind, but I don't know how to reply. Let me try a few things. I'm thinking they may know our language already. They pick things up quickly. After all, they knew who ordered the missile strike in New York."
Nisha pointed to her head and her ears and said, "I know you spoke."
The alien child stared at Nisha for a while longer.
Nisha pointed to her ears once more.
"You spoke again!"
The children simultaneously turned and walked away towards the closest tower.
"Whoa, they're abrupt!" Rachel said.
Nisha nodded her head in agreement and said nothing at first.
"Yes, maybe their parent or parents summoned them all at once so they walked back. They have their elders' same curiosity in our gadgets, but they also seem to take a real interest in us. I began to lose hope I would be able to communicate with them. The adults aren't interested in us, but with the children there's a difference. I can feel it."
"You're right. I wonder why they let their children visit us without supervision," Rachel said.
"We might not be perceived as a threat. We let our children go outside and play with lizards and other harmless creatures. They may consider humans to be harmless creatures."
"Yes, human adults rarely play with common lizards but children are more curious," Rachel said. "I guess their children are more curious too."
"I think we can use their curiosity to learn more about them," Nisha said. "I'm dying to know where they came from and about their culture and home world. It's possible that through the alien children, we can gain access to our children and get them free."
"You're being optimistic, but that would be wonderful!" Rachel said. "I thought of ways to communicate with them. We can't use sign language because the structure of their fingers and hands is significantly different than ours. I think we should speak to them and try to teach them. Maybe we can use a keyboard and computer or something. Their fingers are more dexterous than ours. They're smart, so they can probably learn our language faster than we can learn theirs."
"I agree," Nisha said as she watched the stream of alien adults, children and human children walk into the closest tower. "You know what Rachel?"
"What?"
"I'm going to walk over to them right now and find out if I can spot Priya and her friend Sophie. Want to join me?"
"Well?"
"Things will work out okay. I keep reminding myself that they would have exterminated us a long time ago if they wanted to."
Nisha often monitored the size and interests of her Twitter video stream audience. They showed great interest in having Nisha move close to the aliens which were walking into the closest tower. She noticed the President and many people high up in the military were watching.
"Okay let's go!" Nisha said.
"All right, we're on our way," Rachel said. "Those big ones on the right side of the tower seem to be guards. Watch how their eyes follow us while their heads don't turn. Wow, their eyes can rotate at least 120 degrees either way from straight ahead."
"Yeah, I'm glad they're only looking," Nisha said. "They're watching us and they're doing nothing. Let's continue over to the stream of them entering the tower. My heart is racing again. The closer I get, the louder the voices get."
They walked to within 10 meters of the stream of them entering the tower.
"Wow, they glance at us with such indifference," Rachel said. "We might as well be a rock on the side of the path. They notice us, but they aren't curious about us at all."
"Yes," Nisha said. "However the alien children are looking at us with curiosity. Notice how some of them seem to want to break out of the line and check us out? They're kept in line by the adults. The children are the best chance we have to get to know them better. I'm sure they're monitoring my video broadcast stream so they must know we mean them no harm. We're just curious."
"Here come some human children," Rachel said. 
"Yes, they're around Priya's age."
Nisha began to tear up as memories of Priya played in her mind. She tried to be strong and not show her emotion.
"I didn't get to celebrate her 16th birthday yesterday. I miss her so much. I'm not going to cry. ? The kids appear to be between 14 and 18 years old. All of these children have parents who want them back. How can we get them back?"
Rachel said nothing for a moment.
"I don't know, but I think for now we need to focus on learning as much as we can."
They watched for a few hours as tens of thousands of aliens and human children continued to stream into the tower. Priya was nowhere in sight.
Nisha gazed up in awe as she talked to Rachel.
"I can't get used to those spheres coming and going. They are so commonplace from their perspective that they don't notice. I've recorded over 50 landings, which means about 500,000 aliens have entered these towers. The landings are increasing in frequency too. That's probably because of the second large sphere now in orbit. My guess is a million live in each one."
Nisha stopped talking for a moment.
"Hmm, for a fraction of a second I thought Priya spoke to me!"
"Do you think she's close by?"
"She seemed much closer," Nisha said. "I perceived her voice for a fraction of a second, but I think it's her."
They watched in silence for several more minutes. Then, Nisha's eyes opened wide.
"Priya!"
Her heart filled with joy. She also noticed Sophie walking a few steps behind. Nisha waved and shouted from about 30 meters away but there was no reply.
"Did she hear you?" Rachel said.
"I think she did."
 Nisha tried to get rheir attention.
"Pree! ? Sophie!"
Priya glanced over but she said nothing. Nisha waved again and ran towards them. However, Priya and Sophie walked without hesitation into the tower. The liquid reflective exterior of the tower enveloped them.
Nisha stood in front of the massive tower in silence. She walked back over to Rachel in tears.
"I don't understand, Nisha said. "Priya didn't acknowledge me. What does that mean? Do you think they've done something to her? Maybe she hates me for letting her get abducted. None of the human kids walking by are fully aware of us. And none of them are talking. There's something wrong with them."
"Do you want my honest opinion? Or should I sugar coat it?" Rachel said.
"No sugar coating."
"Okay. These are extremely advanced technological beings. They seem to be socially advanced too, though I'm not as certain of this. They have the ability to screen harmful microbes from our environment, build autonomous robots, travel between stars, 3-D print skyscrapers built overnight into any shape they want, communicate telepathically by some electronic means, and who knows what else. When I watch these human children walk by, I think something has been done to them. They aren't talking, and they aren't playing. They're paying attention only to ? there's no way to put this delicately, their masters. Based on their behavior, I think something has been done to all 25,000 of them. They don't appear to be physically tortured or abused. However, they seem different somehow. Watch them and you'll know what I mean."
They watched in silence for a few minutes.
"I agree Rachel. I want to take one out of the line and learn what has happened. If I can't help Priya, I want to help someone's child."
"No, I don't think that's a good idea. But I suppose if you weren't aggressive about it, they might let you have one. Let's go."
They slowly walked over to the line of children entering the tower.
"Rachel, the big ones still act disinterested in us. Maybe we can sneak one out."
"I'm not sure about this. That mean looking one is watching us closely."
"Oh, he's okay," Nisha said. "He's only a little pinkish-red. I'm almost there. Maybe if I move slowly I can grab ? Ugh."
"'What's the problem Nisha?"
"I'm hot on the inside, as though I'm being microwaved or something. I've got to get out of here."
"Good idea," Rachel said. "That big red one is pulling something out and pointing it at you."
Nisha backed away from the children in line.
"I'm better now. The red one did something to me. A microwave weapon would do that."
A gunshot rang out and a bullet ricocheted into the dirt right between the mean looking alien and Nisha. The alien looked into the distance.
"Wow!" Nisha said as she ducked behind an obelisk. "That almost hit us. I think the bullet bounced off of the mean looking alien. Did you spot that Rachel? He's turning bright red now."
"Yes, I looked right at the mean one when the bullet hit. I noticed a strange opaque barrier surround the alien for a fraction of a second. The bullet hit the dirt and almost hit us."
"That's incredible. They seem to have an instant shielding technology that's fast enough to activate before the bullet can hit! What can't they do?"
"I don't know," Rachel said. "As time goes on we might find out."
Nisha looked in the direction of the bullet's path. They magnified the view in her Eyepiece.
"I notice some commotion happening at the public viewing platform. I think the aliens killed the shooter. Security forces are supposed to check for guns as people enter the area. I guess they'll increase security from now on. I'm thankful they don't punish all of us for the actions of a few."
Rachel looked up to the sky as a sonic boom shook the ground.
"Here comes a shuttle. Another 10,000 of them will be living in these towers. This is getting serious. And over there, a fourth tower is rising. This means one million of them might live here in this small area."
"Yes," Nisha said. "They'll keep building. I'm beginning to understand their intent, though I'm not sure. I hope you were right and these towers are like tents in a temporary campground. Once they finish their vacation, they'll move on. I doubt this however. ? Rachel, what's happening?"
"Hold on, I'm receiving an update. Several spheres were observed near mines in China and Russia. They're digging tunnels and are setting up mining operations for rare-earth minerals and more common metals."
"I better contact General Sherman," Nisha said.

She blinked to open her secure DHS app. The General answered.
"Dr. Chandra, I'm happy to speak with you. Are you interested in the events in China and Russia?"
"Yes. So you know about them?"
"We've been following the events and we're getting ready to talk to the presidents of China and Russia. We would like to include you on the calls. Are you ready right now? The President is right here ready to go."
"Yes, I'm ready," Nisha said.
"Okay Nisha, you're connected. Hold on."
Soon the Presidents of China and Russia were on the connection.

"Hello President Chu and President Arkhipov," Emma said.
"Hello Madam President," the presidents said.
"Call me Emma, please. We understand the aliens are initiating mining operations in central China and Siberia.
 President Chu and Arkhipov nodded in the affirmative.
"We're trying to decide what to do," President Chu said. "They're stealing valuable ores which are important to the stability of the world economy. And the world economy is already having severe problems since the visitors arrived."
"We will not stand for the theft of our natural resources, President Arkhipov said. "If they keep doing this, we'll stop them."
"How do you propose to stop them?" Emma said.
"All options are on the table," President Chu said with a firmness of conviction."
"Yes, all options!" President Arkhipov said.
"Be careful," Emma said. "I can't tell you what to do, but you know what happened to my predecessor. She died within seconds after ordering the missile launch. I'm not sure how they knew. They might have arbitrarily decided to execute the top commander, which is the President. So even if neither of you give the direct order to strike, you might be killed."
"I will die to protect my country if necessary!" President Chu said.
"I will too," President Arkhipov said.
"Your valiant gestures are admirable," Emma said. "However, your deaths would serve no purpose. We've all built a solid relationship and I want you guys to stay alive. We need each other right now. Please be careful. Stay in close communication."
They talked a while longer. The Chinese and Russian presidents disconnected.

"Nisha what do you think?" Emma said.
Nisha shook her head and looked down.
"I think they're about to do something foolish. I hope they don't get everyone killed. As I witness more and more of their technological capabilities, I realize there's no way we can use force to stop them. We humans need to learn lessons the hard way. I'm convinced now that some other way besides force must be found."
"I agree Nisha," Emma said. "Hold on."
Silence.
"We're getting word that a third large sphere has entered into Earth's orbit. Our best source of information is your Twitter video feed, so keep it turned on. We want to keep a low military profile. You're providing valuable information in a low-key way with no troops required. They think you're harmless, so try to gain their trust. You may be our greatest hope."
"I'll do my best," Nisha said. "I'm estimating one million alien entities live aboard each large sphere. Four of the 1,000 meter towers currently being built can house one million of them. The shuttle spheres are now coming and going like an efficient transit system. I guess they have no Star Trek-like transporters. Perhaps it's not possible."
They talked for a short while longer and signed off.

Nisha glanced at Rachel and out into the developing alien colony. "Rachel, the pace is picking up, don't you think?"
"Yes, a fifth tower is being constructed. The base looks much wider than the earlier towers. Also, other smaller circular buildings are being built which must perform other functions besides living quarters. I've seen various strange looking vessels coming and going which might be carrying the ores mined in China and Russia. See the pile in back there?"
"Yes," Nisha said. "The pile keeps growing and the crawler drones take bits away somewhere. I can't tell where ? Rachel, check this out!"
"What?"
"I have the facial recognition app configured to pick out Priya and Sophie from the crowd. They're walking with those alien children on the right side of the closest tower. I'm going to get her out!"
Rachel grabbed hold of Nisha's hand as she stood up to go.
"Nisha, I'm not sure if that's a good idea. They don't like us getting too close."
Nisha broke free and ran a hundred meters towards Priya with Rachel running behind her.
"Pree!" Nisha cried out.
Her Eyepiece broadcasted the drama to the world. As she got to within a few feet of Priya, two large unfriendly looking adults stepped in between them and turned red.
"Nisha, don't move," Rachel said. "I don't think they like you being so close."
"Priya!" Nisha shouted.
She tried to get around the aliens to see Priya. She waited for a reply but none came. Tears streamed down Nisha's face. She realized she was holding onto the dull-red arm of one of the aliens. She let go, waiting for a response, but none happened. It glanced at her briefly and looked away with disinterest. Nisha stood motionless for a minute and walked back to Rachel.
"I touched an arm. I didn't mean to. I was focused on Pree."
"Yeah, I noticed that. What was it like?" Rachel said.
"The skin had the rough texture of a cat's tongue. My hand left an impression for a few seconds. I left a gray hand print on a red arm. I guess the coloring is a surface feature. Okay, I'm calm now. Did you notice how Priya reacted?"
"Yes. She didn't react at all."
"They've done something to her," Nisha said. "She isn't responding to us, but she's interacting with Sophie. They aren't saying anything audibly to each other but it's fascinating."
"Yes, they're acting like they're talking but they're silent. Maybe they're communicating telepathically. Their body language says so. If your ears were plugged and you couldn't see their mouths, you would think they're talking by their body language."
Silence.
"Wait, I think Priya spoke," Nisha said. "I might be imagining it. I think they've performed modifications on the children. I agree, they're communicating telepathically. The kids might have devices implanted in their brains, but I'm not sure. I think natural telepathy between organic brains is impossible. Brain chemistry doesn't make signals which propagate out in a precise way."
Nisha walked up to Priya again, but the unfriendly adults stepped in front of her again. Nisha got upset with the aliens and looked them right in the eyes.
"You don't own my daughter! I have a right to visit with my own daughter!"
 They stared at Nisha without emotion.
"You guys aren't stupid. You must understand what I'm saying. What would you think if I took your children? What if I turned your children against you? How would you feel? Are you only organic engineering machines?"
They reacted with mild curiosity and their red color faded a little. Nisha continued her rant.
"You might have better toys, but that doesn't make you a better life form. There's more to life than engineering."
"Nisha," Rachel interrupted. "I think you're wasting your time. Let's go. We'll come back later."
Nisha stared at the aliens.
"You haven't seen the last of me!"
As they walked back to their tent, Rachel received a message.
"Nisha, they're telling me new alien microbes have been identified. Their DNA serves the same purpose as ours. However, the DNA sequences are composed so differently that their microbes and ours don't interact much even though they appear the same. They mostly ignore each other. Experiments are being done now to understand what effects they will have. We're all infected, but thus far no ill effects are identified."
"I've been a little sick to my stomach lately. I think some of their microbes have worked their way into our systems," Nisha said.
"Time will tell how our bodies will handle the new microbes. We might build up immunity to them. Or, immunity might not be necessary."
"I wonder what they did to the children," Nisha said. "They appear healthy and aren't wearing protection. The aliens don't seem to be externally protecting themselves from Earth's microbes. What's going on with them?"
"Well, remember when they first came and took all those samples with those mosquito drones?" Rachel said.
"Yes."
"I think they learned about our biology and engineered ways to defend themselves from our microbes. They may have engineered their microbes to not destroy our ecology here on Earth."
"You might be right. They're a race of engineers. They might be able to manipulate DNA in a similar way to how we program computers. Synthetic biology is no big deal to them. I hate their attitude, but they're awesome engineers."
"Yeah, they can do anything," Rachel said. "Just imagine what we could do with complete mastery of DNA. You can make drones the size of bacteria to do anything inside a human body."
Nisha agreed.
"That's what I love about DNA. It's the ultimate programming language. Do you realize we create about 6,000 miles of new DNA in our bodies every second?"
"Did you say 6,000 miles per second? Hmm, let me think about that. It seems impossible," Rachel said.
"It's possible. The average human body contains 40 trillion cells, not including more numerous bacteria. The total length of a strand of DNA from a single cell is two to three meters. Let's say two meters or six feet to be conservative. Therefore we have about 80 trillion meters of human DNA in our bodies, excluding germs. That's 50 billion miles. That's about 500 times the distance from the Earth to the Sun!"
Rachel thought about it for a while.
"Hmm, yeah that's about right."
"Cells are constantly being replaced," Nisha said. "So I looked up how long some human cells live.

Red blood cells, 120 days
Muscle cells, 15 years
Taste receptor cells, 10 days
Intestinal lining cells, 3 days
Skin cells, 30 days
Nerve and brain cells, most live a lifetime."

"Yes, the variety of cells we have is incredible," Rachel said.
"Yes! Now, to do the calculation, you need an average lifespan for all of our cells. Nobody has a perfect estimate of this number, but we can guess. Every minute, about 300 million cells die and must be replaced. That's 5 million per second."
"It's hard to imagine that so many cells die and are regenerated every second but your numbers add up," Rachel said.
"Yeah, it's hard to believe. Since each of those 5 million cells has about 2m of DNA, this means we create 10 million meters of DNA each second. That's 10,000 kilometers, or 6,000 miles per second. That's a little longer than the distance from San Francisco to London! Every 40 seconds, we create enough DNA to reach the moon."
Rachel laughed.
"I guess we better eat well and get enough sleep. We have a lot of DNA to make!
"You're right," Nisha said. "We better get some sleep."
They managed to sleep restlessly until a few minutes before sunrise.

Chapter 10
They awoke to the beeping of their new proximity detector. Rachel woke up first.
"What's that?"
"Shh. Someone or something is outside. This makes me wonder. What do we call them? I guess we shouldn't call them things or 'it.' I wonder if they have genders. Can we call them he or she?"
"I guess we'll find out," Rachel said. "Let's go find out what's happening."
Nisha peered out the tent opening. Her heart raced.
"Rachel, the alien children are checking out the car. Let's go visit with them. Maybe we can break the ice and try some of the tests we've prepared."
They walked outside into the sunlight on the warm and dry morning, which is typical for late September in the Mojave Desert. They walked slowly over to the children. Nisha glanced at Rachel and smiled. There was something comforting about the way they're so curious about everything. They were playful and their behavior was different than the adults.
"I wonder how they got into the car without activating the car alarm. I hope they don't do any damage. They're almost as tall as us and I can tell they're stronger. They appear to be children, but they may be smarter than us. At least they don't have the car key."
The car engine started. Nisha laughed.
"Never mind!"
As they walked closer, the children spotted them and the engine turned off. Nisha walked to within about five meters of the tallest one, who was slightly taller than her. She pointed to herself and said, "Hello, I'm Nisha."
She pointed to Rachel and said her name. The tallest one watched Nisha and one eye moved over to Rachel.
Nisha glanced over at Rachel and whispered, "He's looking at both of us at the same time."
"Unnerving, isn't it?" Rachel said. "He's scanning both of us simultaneously. Here he comes, stay calm."
They stood in place while the oldest child walked around both of them. His tail looked a little shriveled, as though it was beginning to wither into the little nub the adults had. He had a small and round mouth which he didn't open. His rubbery prehensile nose appeared to be not as large as the adults. The nose had three nostrils. His eyes looked otherworldly. The sclera appeared pure green where ours are white. The iris appeared bright orange with a star-like black pupil, which dramatically adjusted to changes in brightness. Surrounding each independently moving eye were loose folds of skin which were green right now but could change color according to mood. None of the aliens seemed to wear clothing but no reproductive organs could be seen. Nisha and Rachel couldn't differentiate male from female, assuming they had males or females. They all seemed sexless in a way. The default color on their entire body appeared to be gray, but some of them changed color. Even their thin fur-like covering had a green tint to it.
Nisha tried to get some dialog going with the oldest one. Again she pointed to herself and said, "Nisha."
The tallest child stared at Nisha and focused on her with both eyes for about 10 seconds. Nisha pointed to her head and said, "I can hear you!"
"He talked to you?" Rachel said.
"I think so. The voice is electronic in the same way the voices I've heard all along were electronic. I sense them constantly, but I filter them out or I'll go crazy. He's closer so I think he's louder. I'll call them 'he' for now. He's so different than the adults. He wants to interact with us. The adults don't care. I think we can communicate with him and the other children."
"Let's find out how smart they are," Rachel said. "Get the chess set since they aren't interacting with us very much."
Nisha walked to the tent and returned with the chess set. She set up the pieces on the picnic table underneath a shady tree. The Sun had recently risen but the desert temperature rose quickly. The children didn't seem to mind the heat, but the brightness of the Sun bothered them and they preferred the shade. Nisha and Rachel set up the chess set and began to play as they had planned earlier. They were both good players.
"Nisha, I think they're interested," Rachel said "They're studying the game closely. Let's keep playing!"
The children crowded around the board as Nisha and Rachel battled. After 30 minutes, the game came down to each having a queen and a rook. They called a draw. They set up the board again.
Nisha pointed to the tallest child and to the board and said, "Do you wish to play?"
He watched the other children and sat down as best he could, considering he had a tail behind him. He studied the board and glanced at Nisha with one roving eye. Nisha motioned for him to take the first move with the white pieces. She assumed they were smarter than us and could learn the game just by watching a single game.
He studied the board and made no move for a full minute.
"Wow E4," Nisha said. "I guess he did study us when we played. I can't believe I'm playing chess with a life form from another planet. Is this happening?"
Rachel smiled while Nisha planned her next move.
"Okay I'll move to E5. I wonder if he will ? yes Nf3. I'll move Nc6. Now let's watch what he does. Look! Bb5! He's playing the Ruy Lopez opening. How does he know that?"
Nisha played her best game but checkmate happened 12 moves later. The children gestured to each other, flashing brilliant shades of green and purple. Their noses wiggled.
"I can tell you're celebrating your victory. Let's play again. You won't get off easy next time! I'm only an amateur."
She set up the board while Rachel accessed the world's strongest chess app on her Eyepiece as they had planned should they go down to defeat on the first game. This app recently beat the world's champion Viktor Rominov in only 17 moves. The oldest child seemed excited to play again while the others crowded around.
She glanced at him and invited him to take the first move again as white.
"1. e4, Rachel? What now? Okay d6.
2. d4, Rachel? Right Nf6
3. Nc3, ? Okay g6
4. Be3, I don't know what he's doing."
Rachel looked up the move.
"Here's a famous game between Kasparov and Topolov which begins with these moves. How does he know Be3?"
Nisha smiled.
"I don't know."
"The computer suggests we play the move from the game, Bg7."
"Are you sure?" Nisha said with a curious smile on her face.
"Yes."
"5. He moved Qd2. He's getting ready to castle," Nisha said. "This is over my head. I still don't know what he's doing."
Somehow within 19 moves, Nisha and the world's strongest chess app, endured another checkmate.
The world watched as the alien child playing his second game of chess in his life managed to easily defeat the world's strongest chess program which consistently beat in the greatest contemporary grand masters in the world. The US stock market dropped 3% in a matter of seconds. Twitter slowed down under the weight of heavy volume.
"Hey Rachel, get me the 3x3x3 Rubik's cube from the box. I shuffled that thing up well."
"Okay."
Rachel handed the cube to the tall child. He held it for about 10 seconds, examining all sides with his six dexterous fingers on each hand.
"Rachel, he manipulates things so easily with his hands."
"Yes, there's something about the configuration of his fingers which allows for more nimble manipulations than our fingers. Maybe the reason is he has three pairs of opposing fingers, which work like thumbs? I'm not sure."
The child spent about 10 more seconds thinking things over before he manipulated the cube. In four seconds flat, all the colors had migrated to the correct sides. The world's record for a human stood at 4.9 seconds. He placed the cube on the table and his or her skin flashed green and yellow. The other children also flashed bright colors. Their noses wiggled.
"Can you believe that?" Nisha said to her audience.
Nisha smiled, took the cube, and set down an 8x8x8 Rubik's cube. The child studied this for a longer time and went to work. He had some trouble but within 80 seconds, the solution appeared. The world's record for a human stood at over three minutes. The children flashed all sorts of brilliant colors.
Nisha stared at Rachel with wide eyes.
"I don't know what to say at this point."
"Okay, let's give them a few more object manipulation tests on this screen over here," Rachel said.
The children walked over. They seemed to be enjoying the fun. Nisha and Rachel noticed some stern looking adults about 50 meters away, but they were only observing. They didn't seem to be interested in interfering. The children ran through a battery of tests indicating IQs that couldn't be measured because they solved every problem.
"This is overwhelming Nisha," Rachel said. "Is there anything they can't do?"
"I'm not sure Rachel but we might figure out a way to use their intelligence to establish communication between us. Wait! Where are they going?"
"They're leaving Nisha. Someone called them."
Nisha temporarily muted the audio portion of the broadcast so she could talk to Rachel in private.
"Yes, they all responded at once. They were covered in brilliant colors which became muted and gray as they walked away. I might be anthropomorphizing them, but they acted as though they didn't want to leave when their parents called. I'm guessing."
"Yes!" Rachel said. "There may be hope. We're having an effect on the children."
Nisha stood up and gazed at the alien towers.
"We've been oblivious to outside events for the past few hours. The base of the new tower is several times wider than these other four towers. And even those are more massive than anything else ever built on this planet."
Rachel trained the scope on the different structures.
"Those other round buildings are completed. I'm not sure about their purpose, but only a few adults are going in and out of those buildings. Hey, let's go over and inspect them!"
"Rachel, you're getting more bold all the time. Sure, let's go. My heart isn't racing as fast as it used to."
They walked 1,000 meters over to the base of the first round structure. The reflective shell vibrated in the wind.
"Look, there's my reflection," Rachel said.
Nisha watched their rippled reflections for a while.
"The towers appear like they're curving around us in back. Hey, some adults entered the sphere. They melt into the surface. Let's find out if we can go in!"
"Oh, I'm not sure about that," Rachel said. "What if we get stuck inside and we can't get out? What if it-"
"I'm not worried. We can test the surface first by sticking our arms in and find out what happens. Well, let me try with this stick."
Rachel turned around.
"Um, Nisha."
"Hold on, I'm trying to -"
"Nisha! Look. I don't think ..."
Nisha turned around.
"Oh, okay. Well, judging by his red color I guess he doesn't want us to do this. I think we should go back now."
They briskly walked back to their tent, laughing like kids.
"They didn't want us in that structure for sure. I wonder why," Rachel said.
"I don't know, but only a few of them walk in and out of there. Hold on, I think someone is contacting me."
Nisha blinked and saw the President and General Sherman. The President began talking.
"Hello Dr. Chandra, we've been watching you interact with the aliens. Working with the children was a brilliant move. I think we can learn many things from them. So keep going!"
"Thanks Emma," Nisha said. "Working with the children seemed like the logical approach to take. We're pushing the boundaries. What's happening today?"
"Well, things are getting difficult in China and Russia. They're considering using nuclear weapons to stop the aliens. In your estimation, and I know you aren't a weapons expert, how effective would a use of force be against the aliens?"
"Force is a waste of time. You saw how easily the kids beat the world best chess program and solved the Rubik's cubes. When I think about the intelligence of their children, I realize our weapons will be swatted away like flies. And you know what happens to flies under a fly swatter. We need to discover non-violent ways of interacting with them. The adults are arrogant and they possess the intellect to back up their boastful attitude. Relationships with the children have good potential. However the children aren't taking ore from the mines of China and Russia, so they aren't the problem. I'll tell you something else. I think they understand all the major languages of the world. Also they can probably monitor our most secure 1,024 bit encrypted transmissions. My advice is to never underestimate them under any circumstances. They're probably listening to this conversation."
"I agree," Lucas said. "Their capabilities are unknown, but we know that resistance is futile right now. I hope we can lie low until a better time presents itself. I'm not sure when the right time will be. We recently observed a fourth sphere enter into orbit around the Earth. That makes four million of them waiting to come here. That would be the world's largest standing army."
"Yes, the 300 meter spheres are arriving like five minute-interval commuter buses. And there's a new and bigger tower being built. It's already about 1,000 meters tall and is not narrowing quickly at the top. I have no idea how tall the finished structure will be. I don't think they're an army. But they wouldn't need an army to defeat us."
They talked for a while longer and disconnected.

In China, President Chu monitored the mining operations. After warning the aliens in every way he could think of, he gave the orders to let someone else carry out the order to use the nukes. He hoped to avoid retribution. In Russia, President Arkhipov gave the same orders at the same time in an attempt to gain an element of surprise.
Chinese Air Force squadron leader Ung approached the target and armed his nuclear tipped missiles. He lost power to all electronic systems. He tried to communicate to the other members of his squadron but he couldn't get through. They all fell out of the sky like stones. At first, they weren't worried for their own personal safety because they each had an emergency ejection system. Ung hit the button but the ejection system didn't work. He activated the emergency power system and hit the button. The system didn't respond. The plane fell out of the sky. He had no time to contact anyone to say goodbye. He ended in a puff of dust with only an explosion of jet fuel to mark his passing. The weapons didn't explode.
Forty other puffs of dust rose up in the desolate Chinese western desert. Similar fates awaited the Russian pilots. President Chu intentionally stayed out of contact with the events of the moment. He realized he would find out the results soon enough through public sources. He fainted in front of his family and died. Soon, every single person in the Chinese and Russian chain of command fell silently and inexplicably dead. No cause of death could ever be determined other than their hearts stopped beating.

"Something happened," Nisha said. "The voices are loud and agitated. Communication between all of them increased dramatically."
She contacted General Sherman.
"Lucas, what happened?" she said.
"I'm not sure. Something occurred in China and Russia near the mines the aliens use. Hold on. ? We're getting word the Chinese and Russian Presidents are dead. We don't know how or why."
"I know why," Nisha said. "They ordered strikes on the alien mines. I warned everyone not to do this. They wasted time and lives attacking the aliens. Another way must be found. I'm going to go now. I'll keep my Eyepiece on record mode."
They signed off.
Nisha and Rachel decided the Chinese and Russians had pushed too hard, when they spotted several aliens glowing bright red.
"They must know what happened," Nisha whispered to Rachel.
They walked back to their tent past several other stern looking adults.

Nisha and Rachel sat in front of their tent and watched the Sun set behind the gigantic, twisting, newly completed tower. The facets were glistening in the last red droplets of sunlight.
"How tall is this tower?" Rachel said.
Nisha blinked and she had her answer.
"I'd say a little over 2,000 meters or 6,000 feet tall. This took one day to complete. Many tens of millions of crawler drones worked on it. Each shuttle which arrives seems to bring with it more drones and supplies. It's looking like they're here to stay."
The Sun set, with high clouds turning a deep crimson red as the fading light from the distant Pacific Ocean reflected onto the undersides of them. Nisha and Rachel said good night to their families. They fell asleep fairly quickly considering an alien colony was being constructed nearby around the clock. Nisha cried herself to sleep. She longed to have Priya back and became more determined than ever to make that happen.

Chapter 11
Nisha and Rachel managed to sleep for over six contiguous hours for the first time in days and they felt reinvigorated. At first light they awoke.
Nisha glanced over at Rachel on the other side of the white tent.
"Let's go for a run before the Sun gets to us. I think we need to stay in shape."
"Good idea, let's go. I'm always surprised how quickly the body can get out of shape."
They decided to run around the four day old alien colony, which had a perimeter of four miles. Five gleaming towers dominated the sky, with two more under construction.
"I bet you those two new towers will be completed by the end of the day or overnight," Rachel said
Nisha smiled.
"I won't take the bet! They're preparing to build several more of the 2,000 meter towers. They can each hold over one million of them. I think we can safely assume this isn't a temporary campsite, even for them."
"Yes, they're here to stay."
They continued running for a couple of minutes.
Nisha stopped.
"Sorry, I noticed in my Eyepiece that our comments about them being here to stay caused a 3% drop in the stock market in only two minutes," Nisha said.
She continued to broadcast her video stream to the world.
She said to everyone, "I want to reiterate to the public that up to now, the aliens haven't caused any economic hardship for the world other than a small disruption in specialized mining operations. There's no economic justification for the 50% drop in the markets over the past two weeks. The aliens consume a small ecological and resource footprint. They generate their own power. They aren't aggressive. They're building their colony in a barren desert away from human population centers. The world economy looks good and is full of innovation. Economic benefits may emerge from the aliens being here. Who knows what we can learn! I'm not an economist or stock market guru, but I'm optimistic about our future. I don't have money in the market so I'm not trying to make the market go up for my own personal gain. I sold short the market because people panic. However, I'm neutral now. I'm saving my money to invest in my captive daughter's startup someday. Now I'm going to continue my run."
As they ran, Nisha muted her audio stream.
"I think my little speech is helping. The market is bouncing back."
"Wow Nisha, you're powerful now!" Rachel said, nearly out of breath. "I know your Twitter numbers. Over 80% of all active Twitter users follow you now. Even the most popular celebrity has around 15% of total users following her."
"Rachel, I'm not popular, I happen to be in a position where I'm making an interesting video stream."
Rachel wiped the perspiration from her forehead. They were almost back to their tent.
"Yeah, like the most interesting stream in the history of the world, even if Twitter existed for all of human history! The thing you should always remember is you aren't only reporting events, you're making history."
Nisha smiled.
"Thanks Rachel! Okay, I'm going to turn on the audio again. Whenever you want me to mute the stream, make this x mark with your fingers. Okay, the audio is on. Whoa, stop!"
"What?"
"The human children are walking into the newest tower. Some are holding hands with alien children."
Rachel looked more closely.
"They're holding fingers. Our hands are incompatible for hand holding with theirs. The adults seem to be walking with them. They live in family units consisting of two large ones and one or two smaller ones."
"You're right," Nisha said. "They appear to be parents and children. The human children follow behind everyone in each family. Watch how things are arranged as they walk. The humans are pets."
"What?" Rachel said as she looked more closely.
That alien child is pulling the human child along like a puppy on a leash. Even though there's no physical leash, the similarities are striking. I wonder if that's why the children were abducted. They like us as pets!"
They watched the stock market drop once again.
"Let's not go too far with the anthropomorphizing," Rachel said. "We can't be sure. Something else might be happening."
Nisha stopped running and teared up.
"They're pets, Rachel. My beloved Priya is a pet."
She walked up to the line of aliens and children entering the tower. She watched them for a minute. She reached out to one of the human children. Rachel tried to hold her back but Nisha broke free and grabbed the child. The two alien adults, who appeared to be the parents turned red and moved toward Nisha.
Rachel grabbed hold of Nisha again and held her back.
"Nisha, we better get out of here, right now!"
Nisha tried to break free from Rachel's grasp.
"My child is not a pet!" she screamed at the two adults,
She cried inconsolably. The adults turned around and kept walking, showing no emotion or concern. For a moment, the human child wanted to leave the line, but the alien child shepherded the human child back into place. The human child didn't speak a word.
Gradually, Rachel managed to get Nisha back into their tent. Her riveting Twitter video stream continued to broadcast.
"We're sentient and self-aware beings Rachel. They have no right to take us as pets."
Nisha sobbed.
"You're right, but we can't stop them," Rachel said. "We are to them as our pets are to us. They may love our children as we love our pets. They may take care of our children and feed them and play with them as we do with our pets. I hope they don't neglect them as some of us do with our pets."
"I want my Priya back. I want Sophie back. I want all 25,000 of them back!"
Rachel made an x with her fingers. Nisha muted her stream.
"I don't care what I have to do. I'm going to figure out a way to stop them. ? Okay, I'm calm now."
She un-muted her streaming broadcast and wiped away her tears. They watched a bank of monitors which had been installed in their tent to help keep track of the aliens and the construction of their new colony. Rachel noticed some unusual activity on one of the monitors.
"Nisha, who are those people and what are they doing there? They should not be there. Let's go find out what's going on."
They ran out to the nearest tower with some security guards. A new shuttle sphere landed and the occupants were disembarking to walk into the closest tower. A group of young people joined the line of aliens and human children.
"Rachel, they're trying to blend in," Nisha said. "Why are they doing that? They must be crazy. We better go over before they get themselves hurt."
"I think we're too late," Rachel said as they arrived on the scene.
They were being surrounded by some big, mean looking red aliens holding small silver looking devices. Nisha ran in between them all.
"Okay, hold on! Calm down!"
She held a hand out to the aliens and turned to the young intruders.
"What are you guys doing here?"
The guy who appeared to be the leader said, "We're members of The Heavenly Angelic Symphony and we want to merge with the angels according to the wishes of our dear master, Guruji Sri Kevin."
Nisha smiled and looked to the sky.
"Thanks! I haven't enjoyed a good laugh in a while. Okay, I must control myself. Who are the angels, with whom you wish to merge?"
"They're standing all around us right now," the cult member said in a soft tranquil voice.
Nisha looked skyward again and tried to keep a straight face.
"Um, I've got news for you. They're glowing bright red. Do they appear like angels to you? Right now they resemble someone else from our mythology despite the lack of horns, but I digress! We better get out of here right now before it's too-"
The cult member shook his head.
"I'm sorry, but we wish to merge with the angels. Your lack of faith won't stop us."
The cult members pushed past Nisha and towards the base of the tower. One of the aliens pointed the small silver object and they all fell to the ground. Nisha, Rachel and the security guards ran over to the fallen cult members. They appeared dead but Nisha noticed one of them had a pulse.
"They're stunned," Rachel said. "Let's get them out of here."
Soon more security guards arrived and the limp but living bodies of the cult members were taken away to a secure building for observation. The aliens turned a more neutral gray color and they continued to walk into the tower as though nothing happened.
Rachel and Nisha walked back into their tent. Nisha turned to Rachel trying to stop herself from laughing.
"Now I've seen everything! I needed a laugh, so I must someday thank them for that. I shouldn't laugh because they almost got killed. But I can't help myself."
"Oh, there's plenty more if you want a good laugh," Rachel said. "Watch this monitor that's showing activity at the public viewing platform. Most people are only here to observe, but every cult and type of crazy person is here now. Watch at the ones on the right. They're praying towards the new tower like the faithful towards Mecca!"
"Yes, I'm laughing," Nisha said. "However I understand their sentiments. To them, they are like gods. In a way, these aliens are more like gods than anything you read about in the holy books of the world."
"Why do you say that?"
"Because these aliens are real, and they're here right now. Gods are always relegated to dusty old manuscripts preserved for ages. Now they are right here in front of us. They are God-like as far as their technical ability is concerned. If they had landed 200 years ago, they would be seen as gods or devils by over 99% of the people. Even today, I read a poll where 36% of Americans believe the aliens are a sign from God of the end times."
"The sad part of this carnival is the group over there," Rachel said. "Those are the parents of the abducted children."
"Yes, let's go talk to them," Nisha said.
After they consoled the bereaved parents, they ate lunch in their tent. They watched a live debate on the US House of Representatives live Twitter stream about what to do about the aliens. Some of the politicians wanted to nuke them while others wanted peace at any cost.
"There's a lot of fear in the House Chamber. Certainly by now they should realize force can't be used," Nisha said. "They can turn off any machine or weapon we use. Any non-electronic weapon is also useless against them because of their shielding technology. They're wasting time in Washington and we might all be killed."
They shook their heads as they watched the debate drag on.

For many years, Ted Knight had been a reporter at the Capitol Building in Washington, DC. He finished an interview with a congressman and began talking with his cameraman on the steps at the East Front of the building.
"I'm glad that interview is over! I couldn't get a straight answer out of him. It's the same old-"
Something caught his eye and he glanced over to the left.
"Hey, one of those smaller spheres is landing right near the steps. Get a close up. Get this streaming on our worldwide feed immediately!"
The sphere landed close to the steps. They watched as two large aliens emerged from their liquid looking sphere and walked up the steps.
"Let's follow them," Ted said to his cameraman as he began his report. "We're live at the Capitol Building. An alien sphere has landed and two large beings emerged. They're intimidating. I'm going to keep my distance. I've been told they won't harm anyone unless they're attacked first, but I don't want to be the exception."
The aliens walked up the steps with Ted the reporter following a respectable distance behind.
"Now we're in the Capitol Rotunda and they seem to be looking around, taking their time. Wait, they're walking towards the House Chamber. I don't think the guards who are lining up right now will be able to stop them. Let's move behind this column in case there's trouble. We're live right? Okay."
The aliens walked towards the entrance to the Chamber. Twelve guards stepped in front of them and warned them they would shoot. The aliens didn't stop.
Ted continued reporting.
"Dozens of high caliber shots are being fired. The aliens have been struck, since they're only a few meters away. Now several dozen military solders are firing on the aliens. This is complete chaos."
Ted and his cameraman ducked down for a few seconds until things calmed down. The cameraman continued recording, lifting the recorder over a marble statue without looking. The dust cleared. The sound of the gunshots echoed and dissipated.
"Wow, I'm not sure what just happened, but the aliens are stepping over the dead bodies of the security officers. They're continuing to walk into the chamber. Are they? Yes, the security officers and the soldiers all appear to be dead. The aliens are each carrying a small silver device which they used either to defend themselves or to kill the soldiers and security personnel. Now they're entering the Chamber. Maybe they're going to give their address to the human species. Let's get in there. We can't miss this!"
Ted and his cameraman tripped over the dead bodies to get inside.

Nisha and Rachel continued to watch the House Chamber live stream as the gunshots rang out.
"What's that?" Rachel said.
"I don't know, possibly gunshots. Everyone is turning around to find out what's happening. Two aliens are walking into the Chamber Room. The guards must have tried to stop them. That must be what the gunshots were about."
"Wow, the timing couldn't be any worse," Rachel said. "They were discussing how to stop the aliens by using nuclear weapons and now the aliens are in the same room with them."
"Yeah, that's bad timing. Or maybe good timing."
They stood in back or the hall, with attitude."
"Why they aren't doing anything?" Rachel said.
"They don't need to do a single thing. I think they're letting us know that they know what we're doing. They might want to prevent more deaths by telling us not to bother discussing nuking them. If that's true, they're being considerate."
"Yes I think you're right. They're intimidating us. They're sending a message," Rachel said.
"Congress people are usually so self-assured, but not now. I'm unsure about this. Even though I fear the power of these beings, I like seeing Congress so humbled!"
Rachel smiled.
"Maybe now the political parties will work together for a change."
They looked at each other for several seconds and smiled.
"Nah!"
Hey Nisha, did you see what the stock market did?"
"No, what happened?"
"Right after the shootings, the market dropped 15% and trading halted. When the aliens did nothing but stand in back, trading reopened. The stock index is down only 5% now. The rebound happened in only a few minutes. By the way, I got a notification that a fifth large sphere has entered Earth's orbit."
Nisha shook her head.
"Things happen every day which I considered impossible only two weeks ago. Where will this end?"
"I don't know," Rachel said as she looked outside the tent at the expanding alien colony. "But I'm sure things will continue to be surreal for quite some time to come."
"Speaking of surreal, what about this? We're watching Congress and now they're watching us watching them on their big screen!"
Nisha turned her Eyepiece towards Rachel and she waved. Nisha paused for a minute.
"I'm getting a notification that the Speaker of the House wants to speak with us and view the colony. Let's go outside."
They walked over to the base of the closest tower.
Nisha said, "Hello Mr. Speaker. I would ask how you're doing today but I've been watching your stream. Things don't seem to be going well. So how can I make your day better?"
The House Speaker welcomed Nisha and Rachel to the House of Representatives.
"After everything which has happened, and with the knowledge that two unplanned guests are standing in the back row, we've decided to learn about the colony for the time being. We hope through you, we can gain a better understanding of this new species."
"Thank you Mr. Speaker. Rachel and I are honored to show you around. The first thing I want to say is we need to throw away all preconceived notions regarding how to deal with those who are different from us. This is the dawn of a new era and we as a species can either adapt or perish."
Nisha and Rachel walked into the colony and onto the smooth surface.
"Dr. Chandra, we can't prevent them from standing in the back of this room. They're observing us as a pride of lions might observe a herd of wildebeest. What can we do to stop them?"
"You're asking the wrong question," Nisha said. "The right question is; what can we learn? What can we learn about them, about science and engineering, about the universe, and about ourselves? We don't know much about them. They're advanced because they've dedicated themselves to the pursuit of knowledge. Rachel and I, along with our colleagues here intend to learn as much as we can about them. That may seem like an impossible task since they seem to only be interested in us as pets, but I won't give up."
"So what should we here in Congress do?" the Speaker said.
"First, you should be working to restore confidence in the economy. The US stock market is down 60% in only two weeks. People are depressed and they don't want to work or buy anything. Make them realize our guests aren't trying to destroy us. We still must lead our lives, and what we learn might be wonders beyond our imagination. Second, you need to encourage our best minds to work in science and engineering. The capabilities of our guests are astounding. However, they aren't performing magic tricks. They're using the same laws of physics we do. So let's follow their lead."
"They're taking over the planet," the Speaker said. "It's our planet. We were here first."
"Tell that to the Native Americans who still live on reservations," Nisha said. "Nature doesn't matter who came first. Take a good look at the aliens in the back of the room. Are they exterminating us or forcing us into slavery? No. Their attitude is, why bother? They can take this planet, because they can. They're not playing games. They're here, so let's make this into a positive thing. We're getting a glimpse into our future if we're so fortunate. That might be us someday, exploring new worlds."
"Something is happening," Rachel said.
Nisha looked across the barren patch of desert. Several small spheres emerged from the larger ones, rippling their surfaces like a pebble thrown into a still lake.
"I'm sorry Mr. Speaker, we need to go. I'll keep my video stream on so keep watching.
They disconnected.

"Rachel, what do you think they're doing?"
"I'm not sure but these are only about five meters across. They might hold three of four of the large adults I would guess.
"This is odd," Nisha said as she counted the small spheres. "They're lining up near the first tower. I count 20 of them now."
"I don't know what to think about this," Rachel said as they watched a few large adults climb into each one. "This is unusual behavior, though we must remember our guests arrived only two weeks ago."
"There they go!" Nisha shouted over the pops of the sonic booms. "They're all headed northwest for some reason. I'm going to watch Twitter to find out where they go."

The dry Sun warmed the late summer afternoon in downtown San Francisco. Not a breath of fog drifted through the Golden Gate. The bridges were packed with traffic. The streets overflowed with people emerging from the BART stations and leaving town on the HyperLoop Tube from the Transbay Terminal for destinations in Silicon Valley and further south in Los Angeles. The sphere might scarcely find an open spot to set down in front of the new Twitter headquarters without crushing someone. The crowd parted and the sphere set down on the concrete of Market Street. A ring appeared underneath the sphere to keep it from rolling.

Nisha and Rachel read the tweets from many different people working at Twitter.
"Three serious looking aliens entered #Twitter HQ. A hand held device opened our high security doors within seconds, no problem."
"They walked into the #Twitter developer's area. They plugged into a network jack and are accessing our servers. I won't try to stop them!"
Most Twitter employees were scared stiff, but a few tried to show a sense of humor.
One tweeted a picture of the aliens in the cafeteria with the caption, "Had some friends over to #Twitter HQ for lunch! Deadbeats didn't have money so I had to pay."
Another employee joked with a picture and a caption that read, "I set this guy up with a #Twitter account. He has eyes like a Chameleon, so we named him @ChamAlien! :-)"

They visited Wikimedia nearby.
"Aliens downloaded the entire #Wikipedia database and software. I think one used our men's bathroom! He was in there a long time. Pfew!"

They took what they wanted and left quickly. They visited several other high tech firms before accelerating into the clear blue sky leaving behind only a sonic boom.
"What do you think they're doing Rachel?" Nisha said.
"My guess is they're seeing how our social networks and technology are constructed. They might be looking to gather information about our habits and how we self-organize. I think they're studying us."

"Rachel," Nisha said. "Here are more tweets. All from high tech companies in Silicon Valley.
"#Aliens in #Cisco, got into highest security area no problem, stole our latest equipment."
"#Genentech labs DNA data downloaded by some rude # ChamAliens. No physical damage however."
"Aliens broke into #RoeBot HQ and stole our latest prototypes."
"Chaos at #Intel HQ. #Aliens stole several of our latest chips and downloaded schematics from our servers."
"They're wandering around the #Apple spaceship HQ gathering products and poking around."
"The #ChamAliens easily gained access to #Facebook data. Scary! Reset your passwords."

"Can you believe all of this?" Rachel said with her eyes open.
"Yeah I can believe it," Nisha said. "They're curious about everything. And now they'll know more about us and our technological capabilities and deficiencies. One good thing, is I doubt they'll try to steal our identities. After all, we don't try to steal the identities of a seal on the beach to blend in with the other seals. We're not interested, and I doubt they are too. I don't like them being called ChamAliens though. And now the term is trending.

Nisha tweeted, "Name calling is the refuge of the weak minded. #ChamAliens."

Rachel looked preoccupied.
"What?" Nisha said.
"I'm getting word four more large spheres entered into orbit around the Earth. That makes 10 spheres total in orbit," Rachel looked towards the setting Sun and the ever expanding colony.
"This colony will hold 10 million of them unless they build more. Several more 2,000 meter tall tower bases are being prepared. They seem to be concentrating on this colony for some reason. They might use the particular metals and minerals located here. The climate here might be right for them. Maybe they like the lack of human development."
"I don't know either," Nisha said. "I'm getting anxious about the large spheres arriving here. The voices are growing more numerous. However, for some reason the volume has been turned down. The sound reminds me of white background noise. I think they're blocking or adjusting the frequency of their transmissions. They might want us to know what they're saying. The shuttle spheres are arriving every few minutes, with 5-10,000 arriving on each one. I estimate 50,000 are joining this colony every hour, which adds up to over one million per day. I'm guessing three million are here already. Where does it end?"
"There's no way to know where this will end," Rachel said. "What's the population of their home planet? Who knows. I hope things stay peaceful."
They sat at the picnic table and talked for the rest of the day, watching the colony grow. The Sun set into a cloudless blue sky and the sky grew dark.
"It's getting late," Nisha said. "I think we better get some sleep. Who knows what will happen tomorrow. They seem to do more in the daytime, leaving the drones to do the work at night."
Nisha and Rachel talked with their families and fell asleep early.

Chapter 12
Nisha awakened from a dream in the dark at 5am.
"Rachel, are you awake? ? Rachel?"
"Um .. Yeah I'm awake now. What's happening?"
"I had a dream where an alien child ordered Priya around. She cried and they were looking at her with those chameleon eyes. She felt alone. I helped her escape and then I woke up. ? What's that noise?"
They walked outside to investigate and turned on the lights. They were astonished.
"The builder drones are getting closer," Rachel said. "There are millions of them. We need to move out of our location again."
"Yeah, we might need to move," Nisha said. "We can relocate further up the hill. I thought we might be high enough right now because they seem to prefer flat ground to build their towers."
"I alerted Mojave command about this and they'll be out at first light to move us," Rachel said. "I'm checking out the news now. Wow, while we were sleeping, five more large spheres entered orbit. That makes 15. Also, they built two new 2,000 meter towers overnight. Every time I think activity can't get any more intense, the pace intensifies again."
"I thought one big sphere was quite enough. There's no end to their ingenuity and focus. I'm more anxious every day though. I wish I understood their objective."
"Hmm," Rachel said. "I'm getting word the aliens are posting minders in the House of Commons and similar bodies in Russia, China and many other countries. They're keeping track of us. I'm sure they've mastered every human language and are monitoring our most secure communications.
Nisha surveyed the ever expanding colony as the Sun rose behind her, casting a strong light on the huge twisted towers against the dark cumulonimbus clouds forming behind them.
"It's the most glorious sight on this planet Rachel. A super busy airport is operating here now. Two or three times per minute there's an arrival or a departure. I can't figure out how they control the traffic. The spheres are silent other than the sonic booms and that low throbbing noise. Over there, dozens of small spheres are lined up. They come and go as easily as we use public transit. We need to track where they're going."
Rachel blinked to activate up her Eyepiece.
"Let me find out if any recent sightings have been reported. Hmm-"
Silence.
Nisha watched her impatiently.
"What?"
"This is strange," Rachel said. "Reports on Twitter and elsewhere indicate a sphere landed in Yosemite. The aliens got out and walked around, inspecting everything including the people. Their sphere floated around in the valley traveling close to the canyon walls. Hmm, now I'm seeing reports of spheres appearing in the Himalaya and the Andes mountains. And they've been spotted in the redwood and sequoia forests also. They seem to like vertical environments or at least are fascinated with them. Why would this be?"
Nisha gazed at the towers.
"Well, judging from their stocky and muscular build, the gravity on their planet must be stronger than ours. So it's likely the landscape of their home world isn't as tall and vertical as Earth's. They may be enjoying the scenery."
Rachel smiled.
"Are you saying they're tourists?"
"Possibly," Nisha said. "And why should they not be tourists? They probably appreciate natural beauty as we do. Earth is new to them, so they may be fascinated by Earth's alien landscape. Plus, they've traveled a long way and they've been cooped up in those spheres for who knows how long. I assume they've been traveling for generations, unless they have faster than light travel. Well, from their perspective and given unlimited energy they could travel at sub-light speed across the galaxy in 50 of their years if they wanted. Of course over 100,000 years would elapse from our standpoint. I don't think that even they have enough energy to do that. I hope they're only tourists. Maybe they'll leave. I know I've always wanted to see alien life with my own eyes, but this is enough now thank you!"
"Hey, the relocation crew is here," Rachel said.

Within a few hours, their tent and the tents of the other researchers had been moved further up the hill about 1,000 meters in elevation. They had a much more commanding view than before. The colony had grown all around them and the views had been cut off. Now they had a view of the entire colony though the tops of the towers were still above them."
"Wow!" Nisha said. "I count 12-2,000 meter tall towers. They might hold about 12 million inhabitants. At the rate this colony is expanding, humans will be a minority group in California in a week or two. The amazing thing is how efficiently and beautifully they use space. From certain angles, the sunlight cascades through the towers like light through a waterfall. This colony will reach a population density of well over five million per square mile. That's about 20 times the density of Hong Kong."
"Yes, this is a spectacular sight," Rachel said. "I wonder what those round structures are. Perhaps energy generating stations? Spheres come and go all day. I haven't tracked them but they seem to be traveling to and from the ocean. The structures might be nuclear fusion reactors. They must know how to get more energy from the chain reaction than they put in to start the chain reaction. I'd love to know how they produce and store power, since they don't seem to have the waste and recycling problems of our old fission reactors. They must be able to produce nearly unlimited amounts of energy. That might explain their magnetic propulsion system which must be working against the Earth's magnetic field, which is weak. A lot of energy must be required to lift these enormous spheres. I don't know how they propel their ships in space since the magnetic field of Earth is local to the Earth."
"Rachel, check this out. People on Twitter report that spheres are being sighted in the last remaining Middle East battle zone. They aren't interfering with the fighting except when they're fired upon. They could stop the war no problem but they don't. I don't think they care."
"Let me play devil's advocate," Rachel said. "What do people do when they're on safari watching lions fighting with hyenas? We don't stop them. We let things be. Sometimes we record the action for study later. They might be doing the same thing. They may follow a principle of non-interference and they want to study humans."
Nisha got upset. Rachel made the x sign with her fingers and she muted the audio of her Eyepiece video broadcast.
"If they didn't want to interfere, they would not have taken my Priya! They better realize that taking a human as a pet might be as dangerous as if we were to take a lion as a pet. They're interfering and they're setting things into motion which might destroy us and them as well. I'm not sure how they might be destroyed but we'll find out. Every species has its weakness and they are probably no exception. Okay, I'm unmuting now."
"I'm sorry Nisha," Rachel said. I didn't mean to ?"
"It's okay Rachel. I'm upset. They don't seem to care at all. Wait, Quinn is contacting me."

Nisha blinked to see him in her Eyepiece.
"Quinn, is something wrong?"
"Yes, I'm anxious. I had been correcting homework assignments for Sanjay when some alien visitors decided to pay us a visit. They're outside right now in the front yard next to their sphere."
"Turn on your Eyepiece video and show them to me," Nisha said as she relayed the live video feed to her worldwide followers. "They don't appear friendly, do they? At least they aren't red. How long ago did they get here?"
"Oh, they've been standing like that for a few minutes," Quinn said.
Nisha shook her head as she always did when she didn't understand something.
"This is unusual behavior for them. We've seen them go out in spheres to sight-see, to intimidate, to assess our technology, and to scout for mining sites. Now they're in front of our house. I guess they're sending me a message telling me they know where I live because I'm outspoken about them. I'm sure they're listening to me right now and understanding every word I say. I'll not be intimidated!"
Quinn watched them for a while.
"They're still standing motionless. They're frightening. I'm not sure if the scary part is their physical strength, their abilities, or the way they look. All I know is I'm staying inside."
"Yes, stay in place and go about your routine as if they aren't there," Nisha said. "They won't hurt you unless you do something to them first. If you must go to the store, walk right past them and go to the store. I've stood within a couple of feet from them. I even grabbed the arm of one of them. They make me anxious but they do nothing. Quinn, I gotta go. I love you. Some alien children are walking towards us."
"Okay Neesh, I love you more! I miss you," Quinn said, trying to hide some tears. She hid them too.

Nisha became excited to be with the alien children. She turned off the audio portion of her Eyepiece video feed.
"Rachel, here they come! We need to be upbeat to get people out of their depression. They think the world is ending so I want to present them with hope."
Nisha turned on the audio.
"Yes," Rachel said. "Let's find out if we can communicate with them since we played with them a bit last time. The computer is set up and the language software is ready."
"What are they carrying?" Nisha said.
Nisha waved to them as they approached.
"I don't know. They're cylinders of some sort," Rachel said.
The tallest one who took the tests and played chess returned. He brought some extra friends along. There were ten of them this time, five more than before. They seemed relaxed, in pastel shades of blue and green. They walked around Nisha and Rachel, inspecting them closely as though they were a work of art in a museum."
"The tallest one appears to be the leader," Rachel said. "We can work with him."
They watched as the tall one put the cylinders on the table. They unrolled on their own.
"Wow! It's morphing into a paper-thin video screen," Nisha said.
The little cylinder unrolled into the size of a keyboard, but with no keys. Nisha sat down with the device in front of her.
"I'm nervous," Nisha said as the world watched her Eyepiece video stream. "I hope they don't test my IQ, which might be 100 points below theirs! I used to think I had a decent IQ until they came along!"
The flat device activated. The small one on the table became a Standard English 3D tactile keyboard. The two meter wide screen displayed a photo of Nisha.
"That's me!" Nisha said while the tallest one looked on intensely. "This keyboard is a hologram, yet when I place my fingers inside, I can feel the keys. I'll type Nisha. Hmm, this might be a word association thing so I'll also type me, woman, and female. Oh, now I think it's prompting me to say the words. Okay, Nisha, me, woman, female."
Rachel smiled.
"The alien children are wiggling their tails! That might mean they're pleased or happy, if they possess emotions similar to ours. The wagging motion is not like a dog, it consists of little wiggles. That's cute!"
"Yes, that is cute. Look, they're showing a photo of you Rachel! Okay, I'll type and say Rachel, her, woman, female, beautiful. I wonder why they're doing this game. They already seem to know everything about us. Can you think of a reason why your picture came up?"
Rachel smiled.
"Well, I think my beauty comes from my mother's side of the family."
Nisha glanced up at the sky and giggled. Rachel smiled again and laughed.
"Oh, you mean about this game?"
"You think you're so funny, don't you Rachel?" Nisha said.
"Yes I am. Okay, the children probably don't know what the adults know. They might need to learn things themselves. Maybe the knowledge of the adults doesn't coincide with what the children are curious about. Perhaps their parents told them to go outside and play. I think we should play along and find out where this goes."
"I agree Rachel. Now they're showing me a photo of one of them. Okay that's easy. I'll type and speak, alien, you, cute, like."
Nisha flipped through hundreds of photos, typing and speaking meanings and associations. Plants, objects, weather conditions, astronomical objects familiar to humans flashed on the display. Dogs and other pets were described in detail. The children understood the concept of a pet. The children seemed to be transfixed by the process.
After several hours of this, they showed her a photo of Quinn. Nisha turned to Rachel.
"They got that from his website. How do they know about him? Okay, I'll play along. What do I say about him? Okay ? Quinn, man, male, my husband, love, best friend."
The pictures stopped being displayed. Nisha glanced over at the tallest one. He pulled out a device which fit perfectly in his hands with what looked like keys curved to conform to his fingers. He manipulated the keys. Nisha couldn't take her eyes off of his fingers on the device.
Rachel turned towards the screen.
"Nisha!"
The letters scrolled onto the screen.
"Nisha what is love?"
Nisha glanced at the tall one and at Rachel.
"Wow, I'd never guess that love would be the topic of the first sentence in a discussion with an extraterrestrial race!"
She gave Rachel a sly smile.
"I thought more along the lines of 'Take me to your leader.' What should I say? How can I explain this concept?"
Rachel hesitated for a while.
"Answer the question directly."
"Okay," Nisha said. "Let's see. They're a mathematical race."

Nisha typed,

"2 = 1 + 1
3 = 2 + 1
love = passion + intimacy + romance + friendship + like
love = like *50
love = friendship * 20
love = passion * 10
love = intimacy * 5
love = romance * 2
love = love + time
love + time = family
love + time = growth
love + time = commitment."

Rachel laughed.
"Good one Nisha! Let's confuse them. I've always been confused about love too, so now we've got something in common! If they can figure out what love is, they are indeed the superior species!"
Nisha smiled
"I was being logical! I had to get the point across as simply as possible. They appear confused, don't they?
"Yes they do," Rachel said.
They interacted with each other as they flashed their colors and wiggled their tails. They communicated telepathically. They seemed excited. The tall one displayed a picture of an individual of their species.
Nisha watched the screen and pointed to the tall one and said, "This looks like you! Oh, let me enter that,"
She typed, "you, alien, like, friend."
The children wiggled their tails again. The tall one displayed another image of Nisha and entered some unknown characters onto the screen which were translated into English which read, "you, Nisha,alien,like."
Rachel's image appeared on the screen along with, "you, Rachel, alien,like."
Nisha and Rachel turned to each other and broke out in laughter. The alien children reacted to some inaudible queue and they rolled up their computer monitor and keyboard, wiggled their tails and left.

"The way they leave is strange," Rachel said as she watched them walk away into the bright desert sunset. "It's similar to the last time. They must be getting summoned telepathically by their parents or something like that."
"Yes that appears to be the case. They must have an internal communication system. I guess they don't possess a spoken language. They have a small vestigial mouth which they might use to eat as we do."
"Hmm," Rachel said. "I wonder what they eat," Rachel said. They don't seem to be farming anything or growing anything in the sunlight. They didn't eat all day. Did you notice that? I can think of a million questions for them."
"Me too," Nisha said. "I hope we get to ask them questions. The adults seem to control them as we do our children. They must know what the children are doing here. I guess we aren't considered a threat. This might be the most exciting day of my entire life!"
Nisha realized she was broadcasting to the world. She smiled.
"Um, except for the day I got married. Hi Quinn!"
"Good catch Nisha!" Rachel said.
They walked 50 meters up the dusty path to the mess hall to get something to eat. As they walked, Rachel tilted her head as she does when she gets a notification in her Eyepiece.
"Wow! 15 more large spheres entered Earth's orbit today. That makes 30."
"Wow is right," Nisha said as she glanced out over the ever expanding alien colony. "So I guess eventually 30 million aliens will live here. The pace of construction is increasing. At least 10 new towers are going up. One big tower can house one million aliens, which is the same number each sphere can hold. And as I watch them, they seem to fill up one tower at a time as the shuttles take them from the large spheres down to the colony."
Rachel said nothing for a moment.
"I'm debating on whether to say this since the world is watching. However, we're supposed to be transparent for the greater good so I guess I'll make my opinion public."
"What do you think Rachel?"
"I think they're moving in."
"Moving in?"
"Yes, their entire species might be moving to Earth. This no longer seems like an interstellar sightseeing camping trip. They're here for good. Humanity is now in the position of the Native Americans as the Europeans colonized the Americas."
Nisha's ebullient demeanor from a few minutes ago faded instantly.
"This went from the most exciting day of my life to the most depressing. We all know what happens to indigenous people when colonies are established. Only this is worse. The Europeans and the Native Americans were all humans with equal intelligence. The Europeans had slightly better toys and greater numbers to impose their ways on others. And they did it aggressively. In this case, the aliens are significantly more intelligent and possess vastly advanced technology compared to us."
"Yes, this doesn't bode well for us," Rachel said, looking dejected. "On the bright side, up to now they haven't affected our way of life. They've killed us only in self-defense. They aren't using much of the planet's resources. They're staying in their colony."
Nisha looked dejected.
"That's probably what the Native Americans said. At first, relations were relatively good. Later, things went downhill, and they continued to go downhill for hundreds of years."
Nisha managed to break a smile.
"On the upside, the aliens are far more advanced and self-aware than the 16th century European colonists. The aliens haven't spread their diseases to this planet. I'd love to know how they do that. Maybe this will work out and we can live side by side. We can't assume we're doomed. We learned a lot today so let's focus on learning and living life one day at a time."
She paused and breathed deeply.
"I'm better now. ? At least a little? Let's go eat."
As they ate, they read their favorite daily news sources. Nisha kept on the audio to her Eyepiece video stream.
"Read the headline on this article," Rachel said. "Humankind will go the way of indigenous tribes. And here's another one, Humanity headed for extinction!"
"Hmm," Nisha said. "I tried to keep my commentary balanced, but people tend to filter things according to their preconceived notions and fears. Let me say this again for everyone listening out there. The aliens present us with a mixed bag of issues. I'm not directly comparing the human species with Native Americans, and this isn't the start of a new utopia either. Reality lies somewhere in the middle as it always does. A million shades of gray are here. We need to live life one day at a time as though they aren't here. Don't stop living your lives! Okay, those are enough clichs for now. I'm going to turn the audio off so I can eat and talk with my family. I'll turn the audio back on again later. I'll keep the video on as much as possible."

Nisha contacted Quinn after they ate.
"Quinn, I miss you! How are you? How is Sanjay?"
"I'm so happy to hear your voice! We're both doing well now that the aliens left our front yard. I'm tutoring Sanjay and he's turning into a good baseball player. We've been watching you. You run the most interesting channel in all the media. The highest rated too, did you know that? You should sell commercials!"
"That's a great idea Quinn!" Nisha said. "Maybe we can do that someday."
"Neesh, did you learn anything about Priya and the other children?"
"I found out nothing at all. I'm getting to know the alien kids. I hope eventually I can figure out what happened and what's happening to them now. Every night I cry and sometimes during the day I find myself crying spontaneously. Now I'm starting to ?"
"Things will be okay Neesh. You'll find her and get her back. For some reason I'm optimistic. Your interactions with the alien children give me hope for the future. You possess the strength and courage to shape the future."
"Thanks Quinn! That makes me feel better. Sometimes I possess neither strength nor courage. I gotta go and inspect the colony with Rachel, but if anything happens let me know. I love you."
"I love you too Neesh."

Nisha turned on the audio to compliment her video broadcast. She walked outside with Rachel to take in the colony as the Sun set.
Rachel breathed deeply.
"I like how the towers trap the setting Sun. They're like vertical reflecting pools."
"Yes and the effects become more dramatic each day as more towers go up. I wonder how big this colony will be."
Rachel gazed out over the colony as the last filtered rays of light struggled to traverse between the towers.
"The colony is about to grow. Two more large spheres entered into Earth's orbit while we ate. That makes 32. Check out this graph I did. The number of spheres is growing exponentially. Greater numbers will be arriving every day. Remember when we freaked out because of the single enormous sphere in orbit. Now I'm nostalgic for that day. Things are changing so quickly that I can't keep up."
"I also can't keep up," Nisha said "That's why we should live our lives day by day, and hour by hour. Hey, I haven't noticed this before. Passageways are being built between the towers. They curve so elegantly."
"Yeah, they built the passageways overnight," Rachel said as she magnified her Eyepiece view. "They're forming a web of connections between the towers. I wish they were transparent, but the silvery surface obscures our view. And this looks new too. They're creating outdoor spaces for walking. I didn't notice this yesterday. They're coming out and walking around. I haven't seen this many outside all at once. This is becoming a real colony now."
Nisha yawned.
"I'm getting sleepy Rachel. I'm heading back to the tent. Are you ready?"
"Sure let's go. The Sun is down. It gives me chills to watch millions of those crawling crab-like builder drones in the dark."
They walked along the dusty road to their tent, turning back every so often as if to confirm what seemed unreal. They said goodnight to their families and talked for a while in the tent. Outside they could hear the spheres coming and going as they counted sonic booms. The pace was quickening. They knew life on Earth would never be the same again.
Chapter 13
The low thumping vibrations of the huge shuttle spheres landing every few minutes no longer bothered Nisha. However her ears were finely tuned to the sound of crunching desert granite sand under the oddly shaped bare feet of the alien children. The first light of day glowed in the sky. She opened up her tent and watched the alien children examining a weather station uphill from her tent. At least 30 of them showed up on this morning, 10 more than yesterday.
"Rachel? Are you awake? Check this out," Nisha whispered.
"Sure, hold on," she said as she got out of her cot and walked over to the tent opening and looked out. "They're extremely curious. They want to understand everything they see. I wonder if this carries on into adulthood. How long do they remain children? How long are their lifespans? I have so many questions."
They walked cautiously over to the children, and were investigated from head to toe by the 10 new ones. Nisha and Rachel heard an odd electronic voice behind them.
"Hello Nisha and Rachel."
They turned around but only alien children stood nearby.
Nisha smiled, sensing a prank.
"Okay, who's that?"
She looked around and the alien children were looking this way and that. The only sounds were the crunching of sand under their feet as they walked around.
Rachel watched each child. She walked over to the tallest one.
"Nisha look, the tallest one has colors which are vibrating more vividly than the others."
"You're right!" Nisha said as she gave the tall one a broad smile and walked over to him. She couldn't believe she was playing with an extraterrestrial or that one had played a prank on her.
She spoke slowly and clearly.
"Did you say, hello Nisha and Rachel?"
At first, the tall one didn't react with body language, but his colors gave him away. Colors were a part of their body language. They didn't know if this alien was a male, but they imagined it to be male. They circled around him, smiling. Finally he held out a little device.
"Hello Nisha and Rachel," the device said again.
Rachel glanced wide-eyed at Nisha.
"You're broadcasting video and audio, right?
"Oh yes!" Nisha said. "This is the first time they've communicated with us."
She studied the tall one and his little device.
"Hello," she said as she looked into his chameleon eyes.
He focused his eyes on Nisha and Rachel simultaneously. He appeared to be able to concentrate on two things at once.
"Do you have a name?" Nisha said.
The tallest alien didn't reply for several long seconds.
"Yes," it finally said through the device.
Nisha waited for a second and turned to Rachel.
"He answered her question in the strictest sense. Can you believe that?"
She turned back to the tallest one.
"What's your name?" she said more precisely.
He paused again for several seconds.
"Bok."
"Hello Bok!" they both said as they smiled.
Bok turned many shades of light blue with a little light green mixed in. His nose wiggled up and down.
Nisha turned to Rachel.
"This is incredible. How did they manage to create this device and the software in just one day? Yesterday they learned words and how we write and speak the words. They had a crude translation device but now it's much more sophisticated. And how is he speaking the words? Is the device pulling them from his mind? I don't understand. His mouth isn't moving. And how ?"
"Nisha," Rachel said shaking her head back and forth in a humorous way. "You're asking the wrong person. You're asking the wrong species! Ask Bok!"
Nisha shook her head back and forth as if she were shaking some sense into her head.
"Oh rght, ask Bok."
She smiled as she watched him.
"How does your device operate?" she said, thinking the question might be too complicated.
He unrolled the video monitor. Bok pointed to it with his top-most finger. On the screen, her question appeared as text.
It read, "How does your device operate?"
A series of unintelligible symbols appeared on the screen which appeared to be their written language. Bok motioned for Nisha and Rachel to come closer. They were hesitant, but with the entire world watching, they had to play along to avoid embarrassment. Bok put his fingers into his feather-like fur at the base of his skull and exposed a slight scar. Bok pointed to the text and to his scar."
Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other and back at the scar.
"Is a device implanted in your brain?" Nisha said slowly.
"Yes," Bok said, answering literally again.
"How does it work?" Rachel said.
"I made this device to convert your spoken words into your written text. Your text is translated into text in my language. My text is uploaded into my implanted neural network device. After that, my brain interfaces with my device so I can understand without having to read the text. I think my reply back. My neural interface converts my thought into written text in my language, which is translated into your language. Your written language is passed into the human speech algorithm in the device. I based human speech on your voice from yesterday. Finally the words are spoken audibly for you."
Nisha stared at Bok in disbelief with her mouth slightly open. She then shook her head at Rachel.
"I hope everyone listening in can see and hear this," Nisha said.
Bok thought, and his translator said, "Yes I know this is a crude device, but this is the best I could do since yesterday."
Nisha glanced over at Rachel. They tried to contain themselves but they broke down in nervous laughter. Bok didn't understand and his bright colors faded to gray.
"I'm sorry for the poor performance of my device. I'll improve upon it soon."
Nisha tried to get back to being serious.
"Bok, your device works well. We like it!"
Bok flashed brighter colors and his tail wiggled a little. The others crowded around Bok and their tails wiggled too.
Nisha peeked at Rachel and she said under her breath, "Aren't those tails the cutest things?"
Bok's sensitive device allowed him to overhear the comment.
"What is the cutest thing?" he said.
Nisha felt surprised he understood her little comment.
"We like your tails," she said.
"I'll lose my tail in two Earth years," Bok said. "It's shrinking now."
"Why?" Rachel said.
Bok had technical trouble for several seconds, but he found a solution.
"Because when we become adults, our tails disappear. They are vestigial. We have no use for them. We had them many millions of Earth years ago."
Rachel turned to Nisha and said, "That's why the adults have no tails."
Nisha turned to Bok and stared at his tail.
"How old are you when you lose your tails?"
"We're about 30 Earth years old. We'll lose them soon."
"How long is your lifespan? Rachel said.
"Omanji live to be approximately 400-500 years old. In the wild, we lived to be about 60 years old but with genetic recoding and implants, we live longer now.
"How do you generate and store your power?" Nisha said.
We generate power using nuclear fusion and other techniques. After that, we store the energy for our use in the form of anti-matter," Bok said.
Nisha could barely contain herself with excitement.
She turned to Rachel and said, "I have many questions swimming in my head. I don't know where to start!"
Rachel smiled.
"Take a deep breath and start at the beginning Ms. expert astrobiologist!"
Nisha breathed in deeply. She turned towards Bok.
"Okay Bok, I heard a word I didn't recognize. Omanji. What is that?"
"We call ourselves the Omanji because our planet is named Oma. We learned about how you reference racial groups on Earth."
Nisha felt a rush of excitement. The translator worked well. She asked the biggest questions of her life.
"Where is Oma?"
The Omanji children all turned gray at the same moment.
"We must go, we're being called. Goodbye," Bok said.
"Goodbye," Nisha and Rachel said.
They walked away.

Nisha turned off the audio portion of her Eyepiece video broadcast.
"Ugh, I can't believe that timing. Just when I asked the most interesting question. Did you notice how their bright colors changed to dull ones when they were called away? Maybe they enjoy being with us more than with the adults."
"Yes," Rachel said. "You might be right. I'm frustrated too because you that question and were called away."
Rachel paused for a second.
"Hey Nisha, I got an update. 18 more spheres entered Earth's orbit overnight and this morning. That makes 50."
They both stood in silence for a long time as the children walked away.
"I think we're beginning to realize the potential scope of this," Nisha said. "If those 50 spheres in orbit contain one million passengers like the first few did, humans will be a 49% minority group in the state of California."
"What if this is only the beginning?" Rachel said. "The pace is picking up, not slowing down."
"Yeah, I know. I don't want to think about it. For now, let's focus on today," Nisha said. "So many unknown variables exist, that there's no way to predict anything. I'm turning on my voice feed now."
Rachel gazed across the expanding colony, glistening in the bright afternoon Sun.
"There must be at least 40 completed towers now, and they're making preparations for more to be built. A couple of weeks ago, only desert existed here. As a child, I wanted to be an architect. I used to spend countless hours drawing buildings and cities. When I went to the beach, I used to build sand cities and defend them from the advancing tide. When I went camping I used to build cities out of sticks and twigs. I used to imagine living in those cities of the future. I guess we're living in the future right now. Oh, do you see what's happening?"
"What?" Nisha said.
"They're preparing ground close to the public viewing area," Rachel said. "We need to move people back and away from the direction of the colony expansion."
She glanced over at Nisha.
"What are you smiling about?"
Nisha smiled and looked skyward as she turned the audio broadcast back on.
"Oh, I'm thinking I could use a few of these drones to help me remodel the kitchen!"
Rachel smiled back.
"I think we could all use a few of these drones!"
She focused on Nisha who seemed distracted.
"Nisha, what are you thinking?"
"I'm zooming in with my Eyepiece. Human children are walking around in an enclosed area. They're staying within some invisible boundary. I want to go talk with them."
Rachel watched the children far off in the distance.
"Okay, let me get my things and we'll go. We'll go alone so as not to cause problems."
They drove down about 2,000 feet in elevation. After that, they hiked down the hill for the last 1,000 feet to the main part of the colony. The Sun and heat on that late September day made the hike strenuous. No rain had fallen for months which was normal. Even the widely spaced creosote bushes and cacti appeared parched. They reached the colony after about 5 minutes of hiking. The huge towers provided welcome shade.
"Nisha," Rachel said admiring the view from inside the colony. "The towers are so tall that no direct sunlight touches the ground, but it's bright down here because the towers are highly reflective. The varying shapes make dappled light, like a painting by Renoir. They've planned this effect. The patterns must change as the Sun moves."
"I like the design too," Nisha said. "The buildings are so tall. If you stand here you can watch the reflection patterns move on the ground.
She cautiously scanned the area.
"We're being watched by those gray guys leaning against that strange looking tree-thing. It looks alive, but I don't think is from this planet. They're checking us out. Let's keep walking because I'm starting to get nervous."
They continued walking towards the area where they last saw the children.
"They've made it more urban," Nisha said. "We're surrounded by towers. This space is their own. Before, only a few towers stood in the empty desert. Now, this is its own self-contained arcology, which needs little from the outside world. This environment is alien to me."
"You're right Nisha," Rachel said as she walked and gazed skyward. "It's one thing to view this from the outside and something different to experience it from the inside. The light patterns are creating swirling patterns on the ground, which is composed of a type of composite granite-concrete material. Those builder drones are spitting out more of this concrete stuff. They're 3d printing a sidewalk and some beautiful solid forms. They're blending art and the common space into something to be enjoyed by all."
The ground shook.
"Whoa, what's that?" Rachel said.
Nisha studied the towers, whose tops weren't visible 6,000 feet above them.
"I've grown used to the ground vibrating from the shuttle spheres landing but this is something different. I think?"
The ground shook again more vigorously.
"Yes, that's an earthquake for sure!" Nisha said.
"The towers are vibrating," Rachel said.
The light flickered around on the ground like dappled reflected light from a swimming pool. Rachel paused to experience the moment.
"The towers are settling down now. The vibrations are lessening. Hmm, that's weird."
"What's weird?" Nisha said.
"That group of Omanji standing over there didn't react to the earthquake," Rachel said. "They're acting like this happens every day. Quakes might be common on their home planet."
"That might be," Nisha said. "The towers are flexible and they didn't seem to be compromised during the earthquake. And if their planet has stronger gravity and is larger, the crust might be thinner and more prone to quakes. I have another question."
"What do you want to know?" Rachel said.
"Where is everyone?" Nisha said. "Millions of beings live in this colony but few of them are walking around down here. Construction isn't fully completed so they might be getting things organized. I imagine this is like one big moving day for them."
Nisha looked around and behind her.
"I'm glad few of them are here. They're following us at a distance. More of them would make me nervous."
"More of them make you nervous?" Rachel said. "I'm nervous seeing one of them, especially the red ones!"
They continued walking and after about 20 minutes they reached an open area at the developing edge of the colony. At least 1,000 human children were walking around with no barriers in sight to prevent them from escaping.
"They're silent," Nisha said. "I've never seen so many children being so quiet in my life. I'm trying to find out if Priya and Sophie are in the group, but I haven't found them."
They watched the children for a while under the roving eyes of a growing number of somber looking Omanji adults.
Silence.
"There's something wrong with them," Nisha said. "They aren't speaking. I'm glad at least they're playing games."
"They may be talking silently right now with each other," Rachel said. "It's possible the Omanji implanted devices in their brains which are similar to the devices in Omanji children which allow them to communicate telepathically. Can you sense anything?"
Nisha stood for a while in silence.
"There is a buzz of conversation. I've been ignoring the background noise because I've become desensitized to all of the voices over the past two weeks. I've tuned them out. Let me listen for a minute."
Nisha and Rachel stood silently for several minutes as they watched the human children. They were transfixed by their odd behavior which stood in stark contrast to the typical noisiness of a high school gathering. Nisha gradually seemed to snap out of her trance.
"I think I heard the voices of the human children. They sounded different than the Omanji voices I've been detecting for the past two weeks. I couldn't tell what they were saying. Everything is fuzzy. If I had an implant, I might be able to listen to them more effectively. Of course, we don't know if the human children have implants. However, they stand around interacting as though they're talking with each other."
"Nisha."
Nisha continued talking.
"Priya isn't out there, but 25,000 children were abducted and only about 5,000 are here right now."
"Nisha," Rachel whispered.
"What's wrong?"
"Turn around."
A crowd of about 100 Omanji adults moved in behind them. They walked quickly and silently.
"I think ? we better go," Nisha whispered.
"Good idea. Let's walk right past them as though we think nothing of it. They're gray, so they don't seem to be emotionally charged right now. Okay, walk slowly and stay together. We should keep talking and acting natural. I'll start. ? So how is Quinn doing with Sanjay in home school?"
Nisha looked casually at Rachel as they walked past the unfriendly Omanji.
"Oh, he's doing well. Quinn likes being at home and Sanjay isn't being bullied anymore. The bullying is a big problem at his school. The kids that heard voices were bullied too. Kids can be cruel."
"Yeah, so can adults," Rachel said. "Have you read some of the comments people are making about you on Twitter?"
"No. I've had no time for vanity searches," Nisha said.
Rachel ignored the small crowd of imposing Omanji adults inspecting them.
"You don't want to know!" she said.
After a few minutes they walked past the alien crowd. They returned up the hill and back to their car. The Sun dropped into a red sky behind the ever-growing Omanji colony.
After dark, they walked outside to view the sky.
"I think that's one of the Omanji spheres in orbit!" Nisha said.
She pointed to the southeast as the object moved slowly into the distance.
"Yes, that's no airplane for sure," Rachel said. "The sphere disappeared into the Earth's shadow."
They watched the sky for a while longer. Another shuttle sphere descended about 10 minutes later. They slept well overnight.

Chapter 14
Nisha woke up once again to the sounds of the sand crunching under the pressure of dozens of bare, six-toed feet which were splayed into two sets of three toes. She turned on the audio for her video feed, which she left on during the night in case something happened while she was asleep. She still believed in transparency because the world needed to know reality. She also stayed transparent in the hopes that a form of crowd sourcing might lead to solutions regarding how to deal with the Omanji.
"Rachel," she whispered. "Wake up, you're snoring."
"What? ? I don't snore."
"Yes you do, listen."
Nisha played the last 20 seconds for her.
"Oh, that's awful. I hope you aren't broadcasting."
Nisha smiled.
"No, I wrote an algorithm that mutes the audio broadcast when snoring is detected. I named it MuteRachel, in your honor."
"You're so bad! I'll get you."
Nisha smiled.
"Yeah right, I'm doing you a favor! ? Shh," Nisha said. "They're here."
"Oh, they're early today," she said.
Rachel turned on her Eyepiece and received the latest news.
"Listen to this Nisha, overnight 50 more large spheres entered orbit around the Earth. That makes 100 in orbit now. I hope they have good air traffic controllers up there. The increasing pace of their arrival and colonization is dizzying. I'm afraid to look outside the tent and find out what they've done overnight. I know we'd be awakened if something dramatic happened, but everything seems dramatic to me. Even a single crawling builder drone is hard to fathom, let alone billions."
Nisha felt sleepy from the exhaustion of the past two weeks. She was slow to reply.
"I know what you mean Rachel. Every single, living being, structure, drone, sphere, or element of technology by itself is impressive. When I try to wrap my head around all of those things happening at once, I'm overwhelmed. All I want to do is experience everything I can. The adults scare me, but I can't wait to talk to the children. I find it funny they don't try to come in the tent any more after the first time. They politely wait outside. Maybe similar privacy customs exist in their culture. Let's go find out what's happening."
They opened the door to their tent. Things had changed.
"Whoa!" Nisha said. "Rachel, how many of these 2,000 meter tall towers were built last night?" Nisha said.
Rachel counted.
Nisha smiled and said, "17,3,43,31 ?"
Rachel tried to keep a straight face but broke down as Nisha continued saying random numbers.
"Nisha, stop, I'm trying to count!"
They laughed.
Rachel gazed over the colony as the Sun rose behind her producing a thousand little suns reflecting off of the sinuous colony towers.
"They built about 35 new towers as far as I can tell. Some are a little bigger and some are smaller. 35 may seem like a lot, but if 50 spheres entered orbit last night and if each holds one million Omanji, they need 15 more to keep up the pace."
She zoomed in with her Eyepiece.
"There's a sea of approximately a billion builder drones working on the newest towers. That's twice as many as yesterday. They swarm like locusts from this distance."
Nisha became speechless for a minute or two. Rachel watched in an apparent trance.
"Are you okay?"
"Oh, I'm fine. I'm thinking about things. They're like a wave that's washing over us. Will we be here in a year or two, or a month or two? Where is Priya in the colony? The place is beautiful but I hate it because she's being held captive in there. I can sense the voices of the human children. I heard the Omanji children also, walking behind the tent. Let's go visit them before I start to cry again. I have a few questions."
"Me too," Rachel said. "We need to get a lot of questions answered. Stock markets are down again this morning and they're 60% below where they were before they arrived. People are depressed and 50 new spheres in orbit aren't going to help anything."
The alien children viewed pictures of Earth's animals and humans in silence on Bok's large screen on a picnic table.
"Good morning Bok!" Nisha said in a cheerful voice.
"Good morning Nisha and Rachel," Bok said in his electronic voice. "Please sit down at the table."
Nisha glanced over at Rachel in mock surprise.
"They've been working on human etiquette!" Nisha said.
"Yes. How do they learn so much in such a short span of time?"
Nisha shrugged her shoulders.
They sat down. Bok held out his translator.
"I've made some improvements to my translation device. We'll test the new features today. We're looking at pictures of animal life forms on this planet. Even though Earth is smaller than Oma, more species of animals exist here than on Oma. We've been learning about Earth from the elder teachers."
While Rachel studied Bok closely, Nisha watched the pictures scroll across the screen.
"Why do I see pictures of humans mixed in with these animal pictures?"
"We've been studying the animals of Earth in our daily classes. We're discussing them now. Humans are one of our favorite Earth animals along with the aye-aye, saiga antelope, tapir, chameleon, and many other species. I ordered a chameleon and my friend Sol who isn't here has ordered a human. Young humans are the most popular Earth pet. They're hard to get because the elders stopped harvesting them. We don't know why. They're more popular right now than the Yoots from back on Oma."
Rachel glanced over at Nisha. She made the x sign and Nisha muted the audio.
"Bok, we're hungry so we're going to eat. We'll return soon, so stay here," Rachel said.
She grabbed Nisha and they walked into the mess tent before she could say anything.
Nisha picked up the 'new banana' and shook her head.
"Ever since the Cavendish banana became extinct like the Gros Michel banana did in 1960, I haven't been able to get used to the taste of this new species."
"I don't like them either," Rachel said. "The kids like them better though. We're just old school now. Nisha, what are you thinking now?"
"I want to kill him and kill all of them," Nisha whispered. "He has some nerve taking my Priya and the other children and thinking that it's okay. And calling us animals."
"Nisha, calm down," Rachel said. "Remember, these are Omanji children. They're regurgitating what they've been taught in their studies which Bok mentioned. And biologically, we are just another animal species on Earth. An opportunity exists here to change their thinking. The adults are rigid but we're connecting with the children so let's find out if we can change their thinking about things. Okay? Take a deep breath."
Nisha hadn't practiced her morning yoga since the Omanji arrived. She inhaled deeply.
"Sorry Rachel. I'm out of sync with everything. If I don't do my yoga, I go crazy, especially if things aren't going well. I need to resume my morning routine."
She took another deep breath.
"Okay, I'm ready to go back. You're right. If I begin to appear as though I'm losing my sanity, wink at me okay? And make the x sign if you want me to mute the audio portion of my broadcast."
"Okay," Rachel whispered.
Nisha finished her 'new banana', ate a bowl of her favorite steel cut oatmeal, and turned on the audio portion of her video broadcast. After that, they walked back to the children who were looking at more photos.
Nisha walked over to Bok and sat down.
"Sorry Bok, I needed to eat something. Now where were we?"
Bok pulled out his translator from a fold of skin which looked like a marsupial's pouch.
"I said humans are the most popular Earth pet we've discovered."
"Ah yes now I remember," Nisha said, taking another deep breath to maintain her calm. "I want to know why you own humans as pets."
"I find it difficult to explain with a human language," Bok said. "But they give us joy. Humans own pets. Do they bring you happiness?"
"Yes, pets bring us happiness and unconditional love," Nisha said.
Bok watched the other children gathered around the table. The group had expanded to about 50 now.
"Humans and Omanji both love pets," Bok said.
"Yes," Nisha said as she took another deep breath. "However we don't take other humans as pets. You've probably studied that humans used to enslave other humans. However, in the modern world, civilized humans don't own humans as slaves or pets."
Bok hesitated and turned gray.
"What rules do you have which allow you to take another animal as a pet? Humans are animals."
Nisha stared at Rachel and bit her lip.
Rachel said, "If a species isn't as intelligent as humans and they aren't dangerous to human society as a whole or to the owner, our rules say we can own the species as a pet. Many other rules exist, but those are the two main rules."
Bok replied quickly this time.
"We've been studying humans, and the Omanji operate under the same rules as humans. We own pets which aren't as sentient and intelligent as we are."
Nisha took another deep breath as she glanced over at Rachel. Rachel winked and Nisha attempted to pull herself together. She gave her next statement some thought, glanced at Rachel and decided to speak her mind.
"My daughter Priya is not a pet! She's different than a dog or a cat. She is self-aware, she's probably living in fear, she wants to be happy, and she can talk and discuss things intelligently."
"I haven't seen Priya but I've seen the human children walking around. Before we domesticated them, we noticed only minor differences between humans and other animals. Let me examine your main point. We've tested many of your higher animal species for self-awareness. We agree that Priya and other humans are more self-aware individually than other animal species on Earth. Some of your aquatic mammals, apes, elephants, and parrots show varying degrees of self-awareness. And humans show varying degrees of self-awareness also. A one year old human is less self-aware than an adult chimpanzee. Some humans are mentally impaired and aren't as self-aware as average humans. However, no human we've tested up to now is self-aware on a species level."
"No human is self-aware on a species level?" Nisha said. "I don't understand."
"That's my point," Bok said. "If you don't understand the concept of species self-awareness, you aren't self-aware as a species. As a species, humans aren't self-aware in the same way a lower animal isn't self-aware as an individual. In other words, humans are often unaware of how other humans think and feel. We've observed in humans that misunderstandings are common and they result in arguments and wars. Humans divide into special interest groups in an attempt to establish a base level of communal self-awareness. Even within these sub-groups, there's a lack of self-awareness as a group. Humans are a long way from being self-aware as a species in our estimation. The Omanji are fully self-aware as a species. This is why we own human pets in the same way as humans own other animals as pets."
Nisha and Rachel turned to each other and said nothing. Bok continued.
"Judging from your reactions, at this moment each of you doesn't know what the other thinks, except you disagree with me. First you'll need to discuss thoughts verbally using your primitive air vibrations and this inaccurate language of yours. You have no direct connection to each other. You aren't self-aware as a couple of humans. If two humans who seem to like each other can't be self-aware together, than the entire species is at risk because self-awareness eludes the whole. Even within a single individual, humans are often not self-aware. How often have you not been sure why you've done something or felt a certain way? From what we can tell, humans often exhibit self-unawareness. Therefore, in our estimation humans aren't fully self-aware on an individual level, or on a species level. Does any of this make sense to you? I may not be explaining this concept in a way you understand."
"I understand your point Bok," Nisha said. "You're right when you say I'm not aware of what Rachel is thinking right now. So we aren't self-aware of each other as a small group of two humans. Also you're correct in saying sometimes I do things for reasons not known to me until later. Also, you're right in saying humans aren't self-aware on a species level. However, as an individual, I'm aware and engaged with you in this conversation right now even though I'm not sure what you're thinking. No other animal on Earth can engage you in this way. So, I don't think you should own humans as pets!"
"Yes," Bok said. "I understand your points and I'll research the issue further. Humans appear to be partially self-aware. You're somewhere in between an Earth chimpanzee and an Omanji."
Bok glanced with one eye at his friends gathered around the picnic table and continued.
"Right now, I'm aware of all voluntarily disclosed thoughts of my friends standing here. Everyone volunteers most thoughts. As juveniles, we're self-aware as a group. When we reach maturity, we'll be allowed to merge into the Omanji collective awareness and participate in self-awareness on a species level."
Rachel had to wink at Nisha several times to get her to calm down.
"I notice Rachel's eye motions and your reactions to them. This is an attempt at communal self-awareness. There might be hope for humans to become fully self-aware."
"You're arrogant!" Nisha said. "You may think humans aren't self-aware and you may be right on some of your points, but I think you Omanji aren't self-aware on an inter-species level. The Omanji abducted us as pets and you aren't aware of how humans feel. Therefore you aren't aware on an inter-species level!"
The group of young Omanji turned to each other silently for several long seconds.
"In that case," Bok said. "Humans are also not self-aware on an inter-species level. We watch how you treat your animals. You own pets, consume them as food and enslave them into hard labor without understanding how they feel. Do you know how a horse feels to be ridden by a human? Do you know how a rat feels to be subjected to experimentation? No you don't, because you aren't self-aware on an inter-species level."
Bok examined Nisha and Rachel with both of his roving eyes.
"You two are angry. Perhaps we should continue this discussion at a future time after you calm down."
Nisha took a deep breath.
"Don't worry Bok. Humans get angry and later they calm down. We can be angry and honest with our friends and remain friends. I want to be your friend Bok. I'm angry because you've taken my Priya and the other children. I want them back. They aren't pets and won't make good pets. You'll understand as time goes on. I wouldn't want a human as a pet. We make terrible pets because we're independent thinkers. We aren't docile or easily tamed by your so called domestication process. What did you do to our children? I want to know the truth."
Rachel turned to Nisha and gave the x sign to mute the audio.
"I'm okay," Nisha said. "Humanity deserves to know the truth no matter how bad."
She glanced at Bok as a mother might do to a child when the child has some explaining to do.
"Please continue Bok. What did you do to them?"
Bok turned vibrant and pleasant shades of blue and green. He was happy to tell them about the enhancements.
"We've given the young humans group sentience and group self-awareness. We've improved them."
"And how exactly did you ? improve them?" Rachel said.
They both stared at Bok with a steaming intensity.
"You're angry, so I'll explain what happened slowly and simply for you."
Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other and shook their heads in disgust.
"When we first arrived in orbit around your Moon, we examined your planet and its life forms. We already knew things about the Earth from a probe that visited a long time ago. We thought humans would make the best pets, so we sampled the DNA from thousands of them. We identified improvements which could be made to correct some deficiencies we noticed in the humans."
"So let me get this straight," Nisha said. "You're telling me you needed to make improvements to humans before they would be suitable as pets?"
"Yes," Bok said. "We liked the humans, but deficiencies needed to be corrected to make them more interesting companions for us."
Nisha glanced at Rachel and took a deep breath. She took another one.
"And what deficiencies are those?" she said. Her hands were on her hips.
"The elders determined that unmodified humans in the wild didn't possess adequate intelligence, and group sentience, and group self-awareness to perform as high-functioning pets for us. So we made two main improvements in addition to correcting genetic defects.."
Nisha tried to keep herself under control but she couldn't help letting her disgust show.
"Tell the world about these improvements Bok," she said.
"First we implanted a small device in their brain so they could communicate with the other human children and with us directly without having to speak. I have a similar device in my brain. The human children communicate more efficiently now. The device adapts to meet and integrate seamlessly into the dendrites of neural cells which are pathways between the speech centers and the more sentient areas of the human brain. Now when she thinks and wants to speak, she has the option to transmit those thoughts directly to the wider group instead of to only a small group via air vibrations."
"So they can read each other's minds?" Nisha said.
"Not exactly," Bok said. "It's similar to how you communicate now. You can choose to speak or be silent. The human children have a choice to open their thoughts to the group or not, via the transmitter. If they're open, then others can know their thoughts."
"A couple of weeks ago, thousands of voices flowed through my mind," Nisha said. "Were those your voices transmitted via this implant?"
"Yes, we realized our transmissions were being carried too far and you might detect them. We adjusted the transmission's amplitude and frequency, so you can't detect them as easily. Only 1% of the human population we tested perceived those vague static transmissions. We learned that humans in that 1% are highly capable of adapting to the implants well enough to allow communication. That's why we took a youthful set of those humans. Their young brains are still forming, so they'll better adapt to the implants. Also, they're old enough to handle the genetic modifications. The procedure is similar to the procedure which will be performed on me when I come of age."
Nisha appeared overwhelmed and couldn't talk, so Rachel stepped in.
"Tell us about the genetic modifications."
"We thought humans would make better pets if they were more intelligent, so we enhanced their intelligence and their life span," Bok said. "Some pets don't need to be intelligent, but humans are more interesting when they're more intelligent."
"So how did you enhance their intelligence?" Nisha said, checking to make sure this was being transmitted to the world.
"First," Bok said. "We sampled the DNA of humans of average intelligence. After that, we sampled some humans with higher levels of intelligence. We analyzed the data and found the genetic differences which resulted in higher intelligence. We carefully modified the DNA in the children to increase their intelligence past the point of the most intelligent humans we observed. The neurons need to grow and forms new connections, so the increase will take months to fully take effect. We're observing significant intelligence enhancement already in only a couple of weeks. The results are beyond our expectations. We sampled long lived humans and determined the genetic reasons for why they live so long. The genetic reasons are the same as with my species. The DNA degrades over time during cell replication. Stem cells die. Our DNA is 70% similar to human DNA and 8% identical. Our DNA is arranged in a double helix like yours, and it has the same four nucleobases. You call them guanine, adenine, thymine and cytosine. However, the code is arranged differently because our evolutionary history is different."
Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other in amazement.
"How can you affect intelligence and longevity in a fully formed human?" Rachel said. "We've figured out how to make basic genetic changes to some plant and animal species, but the procedure must be done to the first cell so the DNA change gets propagated to the entire organism as the cells divide."
"Yes, that's a problem," Bok said. "We didn't wish to incubate human embryos and wait for years to find out if the changes worked, so we modified the DNA in many cells for longevity and in every brain cell for intelligence."
Nisha eyes opened wide.
"What?" she said. "You modified the DNA in every cell? Tens of trillions of cells live in the human body, with many times more bacterial cells. How did you modify all of those human cells?"
"We use small organically synthetic drones which can enter into a cell and make the required changes to the DNA. Each cell must be modified one at a time. We inject about 10 billion drones into the blood stream, so each drone only has a few thousand cells to modify and the job is done. Many hours are required to make the changes. Afterwards, the drones exit through the urinary tract. The humans reported some tingling while the drones were working so the drones emit a sedative to make the process easier for the humans. Every human we've taken as a pet is now modified."
Nisha slumped in her chair. She realized what this meant. She glanced over at Rachel.
"My Pree has been modified. She's dead as I know her."
She leaned over to Rachel and cried in her arms.
"What's wrong?" Bok said.
Nisha couldn't answer but Rachel could.
"In her mind, you've killed her daughter. She will never be the same."
Bok paused as he watched the other young Omanji gathered around the table. He turned gray.
"I thought she would be happy that we improved her offspring. Priya and the others will be happier now and live longer."
"You don't understand Bok," Rachel said. "Nisha and all human parents like their children the way they are. The entire human race is angry at you. Those children will never be the same. Even if you were to reverse the process, they would forever be changed."
Bok glanced at Rachel and said, "Yes, the DNA modification process can't be reversed just as water can't be made to flow backwards in the same way it flows forwards. When I come of age a short time from now, I'll undergo a similar DNA modification process in my brain so I can merge with the Omanji collective awareness and become fully self-aware on a species level. That process is irreversible. Each Omanji citizen must make the decision alone and can elect to not undergo the procedure. Approximately 99% merge, and those who don't live freely in a separate colony with others who don't wish to merge. On Earth, we have yet to form a colony for the other 1%."
Nisha managed to stop crying and glanced at Bok.
"I want to talk with Priya. ? Now! Where is she?"
Bok hesitated again and glanced at the rest of his friends with one eye. Then he focused back at Nisha.
"Most of the children are under the ownership of Omanji families, but they're still undergoing domestication. I don't know where Priya is. I can't access that information, and I won't have access until I merge with the collective awareness."
"Bok, can you search for her? I need to talk to her immediately. The human race needs to know that the children are okay."
"Yes, I'll search for her. I know where the children are being domesticated. The locations are in the third tower next to the road. However, I can't access information about individual human children. I'll find out if I can learn more. We're getting messages from our parents, so we must go. We can talk later."
They abruptly left and ran across the desert to the colony. They looked like a herd or a swarm. Nisha muted her audio stream for a short time.
"How did I do? She whispered to Rachel as she switched on a noise canceling device. "I don't want them to hear, so speak softly."
"I think you did well. You stood your ground and asked him difficult questions. You challenged him and he didn't seem to mind the debate."
"He's arrogant and they all are," Nisha said. "They say it's okay to own people because they have an edge in intelligence and technological toys."
"He may be arrogant, but I think the adults are much more arrogant. He's our best chance. I think you need to do your yoga twice per day starting right now. You're the world's connection to the Omanji and we need you to be strong!"
"Good idea Rachel. I'm going to the tent to do it right now. I had my yoga mat brought to our tent today so I can get started. Um, I'll start as soon as we eat dinner. I'm hungry after all of this intense talk."
Nisha turned on her audio again.

As they walked to the mess tent, Rachel got a notification and she turned to Nisha.
"Guess what? Another 50 large spheres are in Earth's orbit. That makes a total of 150."
They had been oblivious all day to the construction, but the colony appeared much larger than yesterday. Dozens of new towers were in varying stages of completion.
Rachel breathed in deeply to calm her nerves.
"I estimate more than one billion builder drones are working on the new towers. They're like a giant swarm of insects. If you watch for a while, you can watch the towers grow right in front of your eyes."
"You're right, the structures are growing quickly," Nisha said.
They walked into the mess tent to eat dinner.
"Looking at their colony used to be a fascinating novelty, with all of those artistically twisted shapes and forms," Nisha said. "Quinn loves it. Now it's so enormous and complex, that it's mind altering. I'm dizzy being near it."
As the Sun sunk low to the horizon behind the expanding colony, the last light cascaded through the silvery towers creating a dim red glow between them.
"It's beautiful, but where will this stop?" Rachel wondered as she gazed over the new and permanent looking arcology.
"There's no way to know," Nisha said. "This is far beyond a simple exploratory outpost. They seem to be serious about living here. I have many more questions to ask when we visit with them again. They seem like early risers. I wonder how their circadian rhythms are handling a 24-hour day. The length of their day might be of any length as far as we know."
Nisha yawned.
"I've been running on about three hours of sleep each day for the past two weeks. I'm going to sleep early."
After saying good night to their families and giving the President and the DHS an update, they were soon fast asleep.

Chapter 15

The day began mild and sunny, like most days in the Mojave Desert in early October. Nisha got a head start by doing 20 minutes of yoga and meditation. She used to do 20 minutes twice per day and she hoped to eventually get back to that schedule. As she finished, she got a notification from the DHS.
"Rachel, wake up," Nisha whispered. "The DHS wants to speak with us right now."
"Okay, let me open my eyes. I'm still sleep deprived and it's only 05:30."
"That's true, but it's 08:30 in Washington, DC."
Soon they were authenticated. On the view screen were General Sherman, President Wilson, and many others they had never seen before.
"Good morning everyone," the President said as she presided over the meeting. "First I want to complement Dr. Chandra and Dr. Feynman for their excellent work on obtaining information about the aliens. You've gotten us to first base. Now it's time to get the runner around to home plate."
Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other knowingly, sensing a change. They didn't need to say a word. In that instant, they were self-aware at a group level of two people. They didn't know what Bok would say to that.
The President continued her talk.
"Now we're ready to bring in the objectives experts. Most of you don't know of them, but their job is to monitor the world stage and make recommendations to me about how to proceed strategically, not only tactically as we've done up to this point."
Nisha muted her voice for a moment.
"Strategically, not tactically," she whispered as she rolled her eyes at Rachel out of the watchful eye of the camera.
They glanced at each other waiting for the hammer to fall. She stopped muting her voice.
"Nisha and Rachel," the President said. "You're experts in the fields of astrobiology, astronomy, geology, and physics. And we still need you. However, we also need expertise in the fields of military strategy, weapons, and negotiation. So we're sending out the best of the best to help you two out. The ChamAliens have -"
Nisha interrupted politely, trying to maintain her sense of calm which she enjoyed a few minutes earlier after her yoga and meditation.
"Madam President, I'm sorry to interrupt, but they call themselves the Omanji."
"Oh, right ? they refuse to establish contact with us so we have little choice but to-"
Nisha interrupted again with a little more force.
"Madam President, they call themselves the Omanji and we've been making good progress establishing a rapport with the children. Soon we'll know-"
"I'm sorry," the President said. "It's been entertaining watching you play around with the children, but now serious work needs to be done. Don't worry, we still need your knowledge and expertise, but we need to go to the next level."
Nisha and Rachel were boiling inside. They held each other's hand under the table off camera.
The President continued talking.
"Right now, the team of objectives experts is flying to Edwards Air Force Base which is a 30 minute drive from your location. By the afternoon, they'll join you and will take the lead in establishing contact with the Oma-ni."
Nisha couldn't help herself.
"They call themselves the Omanji, Madam President. They call their home planet Oma."
"Right," the President said in a nonchalant way. "The objectives experts will take the lead in establishing contact with the Omanji. I'm sorry but I must go. Many things are happening right now."
Everyone signed off. Nisha kept her audio stream off for the time being but she turned on her video in case something happened.

Nisha snarled and tweeted for the first time in several days. "Rachel and I will no longer be leading the effort to contact the #Omanji. The objectives experts will be in charge from now on."

Since Twitter limited tweet size to a recently expanded 255 characters per Tweet, she followed her tweet immediately with another.
"I'll give you updates and be as open as possible. I'm still on the team. I'll still broadcast video and audio if possible."

Nisha stared into her Eyepiece, rereading the text of the last two tweets again and again. She tried to sound upbeat but she felt devastated. She turned to Rachel and teared up.
"I won't be able to find Priya now. They'll probably screw things up and I'll never talk to her again. The Omanji will probably send us to extinction. I hoped this might turn out okay, but now I've never felt such utter despair."
She broke down, slumping to the floor of their tent.
Rachel put her hand on Nisha's shoulder and helped her onto her cot.
"Lie down here for a while Nisha. You deserve some rest. And if you think the game is over, think again. If we play our cards right, this can still work out well. The Omanji are still in charge, despite the best made plans of Presidents and objectives experts. And the children only talk with us."
Nisha managed a weak smile.
"I hope you're right Rachel. Okay, I'm going to stay here in the tent for a while. You go on and eat breakfast."
"Okay, meet me in the mess tent when you're ready. We'll discuss what we can do next. By the way, another 50 spheres entered Earth's orbit last night. That makes 200 of them. So 200 million Omanji might be down here on Earth and in orbit. The Omanji are in command and you have the best connection with them right now so don't forget that."
"Thanks Rachel, you're a real friend," Nisha said. "I won't let them push me around and I'm going to get those kids back! Go ahead and I'll eat with you in a few minutes. Also, I should add that you and I have the best connection with them, not only me!"

As Rachel left to walk to the mess tent, Nisha sat on her cot. A strange notification appeared in her Eyepiece. It wasn't for a voice or video connection. The notification wasn't from Twitter, or Facebook, or Google, or from any app she had installed into her Eyepiece.
The notification said, "Incoming message, Accept or Ignore."
She hesitated for a long while because the notification might be from some secret agency which hacked her Eyepiece. It might also be from a worm, or a virus. A thousand explanations were possible. She chose to ignore the notification. However, 10 seconds later it appeared again, this time the message blinked.

"Urgent message for Nisha from Bok: accept or ignore."

She hesitated again. She decided to take a chance. She accepted the message. Something appeared to be installing on her Eyepiece. She thought, "I knew it! I'm going to wipe the memory clean now."
She tried to reset the Eyepiece but it wouldn't respond while the installation progressed. She tried to remove the battery but didn't have the proper tools.
Eventually the installation finished. The virtual screen in her Eyepiece went blank for several seconds, long enough for Nisha to think her Eyepiece stopped functioning. She was about to give up when another message appeared in a bubble in a window which looked like it came from one of those old fashioned texting apps.
"Hello Nisha, this message is from Bok. Please reply if possible."
Nisha still imagined it must be a prank or some test of loyalty where her failure to perform up to expectations might get her fired or worse.
She decided to reply.
"This is Nisha, please wait a few minutes."
Nisha raced out of her tent and up the hill. Within seconds she entered the mess tent. Rachel sat at a table by herself.
"Rachel, check this out," Nisha said with her shaky voice. "What do you think? At first I thought I had a virus but now I'm not so sure."
Nisha shared Bok's message with Rachel's eyepiece. She read the message.
"It seems real, but if I were you I would make sure this is real. Ask him to prove that it's him."
Nisha thought about how to reply. She replied in the simplest way she could think of.
"Hello Bok. I need to make sure this is you. Do something which no human could do, but only I would understand."
She waited for the reply with Rachel hanging on every word. Finally she read the message.
"Pay attention to level 241 of the fourth tower from the left side of my colony from your perspective. In two minutes, I'll shine a blue laser at you so only you can notice it. Your eyes won't be harmed."
She whispered the message to Rachel.
They walked outside of the mess tent so they could enjoy the unobstructed view of the colony. Nisha located the fourth tower from the left and began counting up. The silver reflective shell had slight curves on each level, allowing her to count. Level 241 seemed to be about halfway to the top, with each level being about 18-20 feet tall in her estimation. She stared at Bok's location. A blue laser star appeared and then disappeared. This happened again a few seconds later.
Soon thereafter, Nisha got another message from Bok.
"Nisha?"
"Yes, I'm glad you contacted me. I assume you learned I wouldn't be officially contacting you for the time being. A team of humans called the objectives experts from the US government will be trying to contact the Omanji elders. I don't place much faith in governmental organizations even if they mean well. I'm glad you wish to continue contact with Rachel and me."
"I also don't place confidence in bureaucracy as you call it, especially among the Omanji Esteemed Elders, who are the elected leaders," Bok messaged. "One must be at least 300 years old to become an Esteemed Elder. Our government has become ossified and stale. In many ways, I don't wish to merge with the collective awareness because I'll become part of the bureaucracy. Many younger Omanji agree with me. Your objectives experts will fail because the Omanji elders think humans are only animals which are slightly more evolved than the other animals on this planet. They think humans make good pets and otherwise can be tolerated just as humans tolerate and live amongst other animals on the Earth."
"They consider us to be only animals?" Nisha messaged.
"Yes, the elders don't wish to kill off all humans and other Earth animals for the same reason humans don't wish to kill the other animals on this Earth. They consider humans to be part of the ecosystem of this planet. They would like to maintain that ecology. However, the elders consider this to be their planet now. They call Earth, New Oma. Nothing those objectives experts can say or do can change that. Humans are irrelevant in their minds."
Nisha's eyes opened wide and didn't reply for a while.
"Nisha, are we connected?" Bok messaged.
"Yes, I'm okay. I'm in shock. I suppose I understood this all along. I noticed how they seemed to express no interest in us. We're only one of many animal species here on this planet. Earth used to be our planet when we were at the evolutionary apex, but now the Omanji sit at the apex. The Earth is now theirs."
Another message from Bok appeared.
"I'm watching you speak with Rachel. Tell her I said hi!"
Rachel read the automatically forwarded message in her Eyepiece, smiled and waved to the 4th tower on the left.
"He is the most polite alien I know!" Rachel said.
A smiley face from Bok appeared in the text-app style bubble.
"Thank you Bok," Nisha messaged. "Here comes a caravan of military trucks. It's probably the objectives experts. I want us to stay in close contact. Don't let anyone, human or Omanji stop us from talking. Okay?"
"Agreed," messaged Bok. "Contact me whenever you want. Bye."
"Bye," Nisha messaged.

"Can you believe this Rachel? We're old-school texting with an alien being."
"Yes, I can believe anything these days. Sometimes I think this is only a dream, from which I will awake at any moment. However, I know it's real."
Nisha stopped smiling.
"This is real! I'm glad I didn't turn on my audio and video stream. If people realized the Omanji consider Earth to be theirs now, a complete financial collapse might happen. Society would collapse shortly thereafter. It's on the verge of collapse right now. The stock market is already down 60%. I wanted to be open and transparent, but now I realize I shouldn't disclose everything."
"Yes, we need to be careful about what we disclose from now on," Rachel said. "We're becoming one of 'them', but in this case, it's for the best. For now, I don't think we should tell anyone we're still in touch with Bok."
"I agree," Nisha said.
The convoy of trucks drew near, raising a cloud of dust behind them.
"Let's lie low, play along, and let them make their attempts at communication with the Omanji."
Nisha tried to keep up a positive energy, but she felt like the government would make things worse. So she decided to make the best of the situation.

The convoy of about 20 large trucks from Edwards Air Force Base came to a halt right outside of Nisha's and Rachel's tent, raising a huge dust cloud which enveloped all of them in an orange haze. Nisha rushed over to close the tent flaps to keep the dust out. They walked over to greet the caravan.
A large man in a military uniform stepped out of the first truck.
"Dr. Chandra and Dr. Feynman, it's good to meet you."
It took Nisha a few seconds to realize that General Sherman was the person talking.
"Oh, General Sherman I didn't know you would be in the objectives experts group."
"Nisha, you can call me Lucas. I'm the chairman of the group, Nisha. Didn't anyone tell you?"
"No, nobody told me anything other than the objectives experts would be taking over," Nisha said. "So I've been waiting to find out who they'll be. Rachel and I will be assisting you. We can start now. What should we do first?"
Lucas paused for a minute as he directed his supplies to be put into the new tent he set up near Nisha's and Rachel's tent.
"Well, the President and Congress ordered us to make contact with the alien leadership."
"Lucas, they call themselves the Omanji."
He nodded his head impatiently.
"Right, the Omanji. We intend on executing several strategies to make contact. They're building this colony, which is so impressive words can't describe it. And since they aren't leaving anytime soon, it's imperative to establish good relations with them. There's much we can learn from them. I know your daughter is in there. I sympathize with you, since my daughter is about Priya's age. She wasn't abducted, so I can't imagine what you're going through. The President decided this situation is too emotionally intense for you to deal with in an objective way. That's why she removed you as the lead investigator."
Nisha glanced at Rachel and winked knowingly. At least there was some acknowledgment.
"Let me know how I can be of assistance Lucas. I'm here when you need me. I'll do the best job I can."
"Thanks for taking this so well. I'll let you know how you can assist us. I'm going to get settled and we'll have our first meeting tomorrow at 06:00 hours."
The General and his entourage walked back to the convoy to direct the moving of the supplies into a line of tents which were constructed within the past few hours. Soldiers arranged an endless line of gadgets and ammunition on tables.
Rachel and Nisha walked back to their tents.
"Nisha, what are they doing with the ammo?" Rachel said in a low voice. "That stuff is useless and might get us killed."
Nisha glanced at the trucks being unloaded.
"I don't know what they're doing. We need to keep away from the action. I don't want to be associated with any weapons. It's suicide."
Later, Nisha and Rachel watched another sunset filter through the reflective canyons of the ever expanding colony. Nisha appeared to be in a trance as she gazed out over the vast expanse of it.
"Rachel, how many towers do you think they've built? I used to be able to count them, but they're at least 6,000 feet tall and our elevated view from the side of this mountain is now obstructed."
Rachel reviewed the latest numbers from her Eyepiece.
"Well, another 50 large spheres entered orbit today. That makes 250 in total. My guess is they'll need 250 towers to house everyone. Dozens of towers are in the process of being built, but I would say over 200 towers are finished based on this morning's satellite view."
"Let's turn in early," Nisha said. "I think we'll need our wits about us in tomorrow's meeting. We might need them to prevent us from saying anything which would jeopardize our place here.
"Agreed," Rachel said.


Chapter 16
The next morning at 06:00, the meeting began promptly in the big tent. General Sherman presided over his objectives experts group of about 20 military specialists in a wide array of disciplines. Nisha and Rachel sat in front to give the impression of buying into the process.
General Sherman displayed a map of the rapidly growing colony on a large screen.
"Today we'll execute a reconnaissance mission. Our goal is to walk through the heart of the colony, and scope things out. We'll go in unarmed to not appear threatening. The goal of this entire mission is to make contact with the ?"
He glanced at Nisha, recalling how she didn't want anyone to use the derogatory term 'Chamalien.'
"... With the Omanji leadership. That will allow us to learn about their goals and establish a diplomatic connection with them. We'll leave from this location at 07:00 hours. You've already been briefed on protocol issues, so be ready to go."
After 30 minutes, the meeting ended. Nisha and Rachel returned to their tent. Rachel looked out at the tents of the objectives experts group.
"They'll be in for a surprise. The Omanji didn't like us walking through their colony. Do you remember that?"
"Yes I do," Nisha said as she put on her hiking boots. "My heart raced when we got close to the human children so we got out of there. My heart is racing now. I'm not broadcasting audio or video of this mission."
"Me neither," Rachel said. "But we should go and record in case they get into trouble."
They met at the designated location, and climbed into several large trucks. They drove down the mountain to get as close to the edge of the colony as possible. After that, they hiked into the colony with General Sherman in the lead.
"Okay, we need to spread out but still remain as a group. Focus on your area of specialty and if I give the signal to evacuate, we'll exit the colony as quickly as possible by retracing our steps."
Nisha and Rachel stayed at the back of the group in case they needed to make a hasty retreat. The colony seemed much larger than a few days earlier when they last walked through it. The towers were massive and imposing, yet sinuous and artistic. Each tower base covered an area of about 3x3 city blocks and the tops couldn't be seen. Every tower soared to about twice the height of the tallest human made building and might have been 100 times more massive. They built over 200 towers in a 10x20 grid covering about 20 square miles in the flat lands along the base of the mountains. Several billion builder drones made white noise in the form of hissing and clicking sounds as they prepared new building sites and constructed new towers.
Nisha looked around and gave Rachel a curious look.
"So, over 200 of these towers are built, each of which can house one million of them. Shuttle spheres come and go every minute. Where is the traffic? Where are they? How do they get around? Do they work like we do? They're almost as mysterious now as they were in the single sphere orbiting the moon. And here we are walking amongst them."
Rachel glanced up in an attempt to view the top of one of the towers.
"Yes, I have a ton of questions and no answers. Right now I'm wondering what they're doing right now. A few are walking around, but considering this is by far the most highly populated city on Earth, few citizens are walking out here. And like you said, there's no traffic. The buildings are connected, so they must travel in those connections."
The group continued to walk towards the central core of the colony with General Sherman leading the way. Light filtered down to them from many angles, producing prismatic and colorful effects. The Omanji polished the non-slip walking surface. Crawling builder drones worked on finishing touches, acting like 3D printers to form a multitude of artistic features.
The General stopped to admire a tall and slender curve of the crushed and reformed granite-like stone which the Omanji used on the walking surface.
"My proximity detectors indicate increasing numbers of Omanji are converging on us from different directions."
He looked around and noticed small numbers of Omanji walking towards them. Nisha and Rachel walked up to the General.
Nisha peeked at a small group of them and said, "Lucas, this happened to us last time. They gradually surrounded us. They didn't harm us, but we felt intimidated. So we left. Don't let the security of our numbers fool you into thinking you're safer now than if you were alone. In this colony of 200 million, a million of us would feel isolated."
The General nodded and continued to poke around.
"Thanks Nisha, I'll keep this in mind. I would like to find the human children and talk to their leaders. The leaders must be somewhere. There's a central intelligence which is capable of producing this incredible integrated environment."
Gradually, increasing numbers of Omanji moved closer.
"The human children are in that open area," one member of the group said.
"Okay let's go there," the General said.
He walked a few hundred meters at a brisk pace to view the children. He stopped to observe them from a close distance.
"They aren't speaking a single word," the General said. "They seem to be interacting like normal kids of their age but they're silent."
"They're communicating via a telepathic brain implant," Nisha said. "Their DNA has been modified, but they seem to be walking around and interacting like normal adolescents. I'm encouraged by that."
She surveyed the group of hundreds of children but Priya couldn't be found.
Rachel felt a chill on the back of her neck and she looked behind her. "General, I think we're being surrounded," she said. "We better keep moving."
"It's okay Rachel," he said. "I want to meet them up close and personal. The President and some members of Congress are watching. They can approach us at their own pace in this way."
"I don't think we need to worry about that. They do everything at their own pace," Nisha said.
Gradually, increasing numbers of Omanji walked towards them on the smooth surface. A crowd of them gathered around the General's group.
The General glanced around.
"I've never had this feeling before. They watch us as a tiger stalks prey. They sniff us up and down and scan us with those chameleon eyes."
Nisha walked over to the General.
"They understand what you're saying so be careful about comparing them to animals if you know what I mean. Their IQ's are off the charts so never underestimate them based on their looks or behavior."
"Acknowledged," the General said as he examined them. "I'm going to attempt to communicate."
He turned to one particularly intimidating Omanji and said, "Hello, I'm General Sherman."
The Omanji briefly looked back at him and continued to monitor the group of curious humans gathered before him, or her, or it.
The General looked at Nisha and Rachel and whispered, "They aren't friendly, are they?"
"It's best not to say things like that, you know?" Rachel said.
The General put his palm to his forehead.
"Right, I keep forgetting."
The General and his objectives experts group continued to attempt to communicate. They used every piece of communication equipment which existed, to no avail. The Omanji made no visible attempt to communicate back. They looked on and continued to get closer to the group. While the General attempted to communicate, Nisha and Rachel scrutinized the human children interacting in the open area.
"I don't see Priya or Sophie anywhere," Nisha said with sadness in her voice.
She paused for a second as she watched the kids.
"It's tempting to go up to them and talk with them. I want to ask those questions."
"Why don't we talk with them?" Rachel said. "I have questions too.
"If only we two were involved, I'd do something. However I don't want to cause any problems right now. My attitude may change later though," she said with a sly smile.
Rachel smiled back at Nisha and glanced at the objectives experts group.
"Yeah, they don't seem to have any objectives, and they aren't experts," she whispered and smiled. "They are a group however, though not a mutually-sentient one."
Nisha tried to contain her laughter but a little got out and the group looked over at them.
"Shhhh," Rachel whispered.
The group walked over to find out what caused all the fuss. "Have you discovered something?" the General said.
Nisha had to think of something quickly.
"Well, I noticed how the children seem so normal besides the fact they don't speak."
"Yes," he said. "They do seem normal. I'm going to try to talk with them."
They stood 30 meters away from the children. He walked towards them slowly so as not to startle the children or the Omanji. Almost immediately, several Omanji walked quickly on an intercept course and soon were standing between the General and the children. Their skin turned from a flat gray to a dull red. The General stopped and looked back towards the group.
"They're fast. I guess they don't want us to communicate with the children."
"You think so?" Nisha whispered sarcastically.
"Shhhh," Rachel reminded her.
The General peered between two of the Omanji and shouted to the children. "Hello, can you hear me?"
The Omanji closed ranks and turned a more vibrant and deeper shade of red.
"Okay, I get the hint," he said.
Nisha noticed one of them held a smooth and silvery object in one of its hands.
"General, you better get back here right now. I'm serious!"
The General turned around and walked briskly back to the group. The Omanji grabbed at the group's communication equipment.
"Yes, I think we better leave. Did anyone get a reply on any frequency to our messages to them?"
"We've detected no reply at all on any frequency," one group member said.
"Okay, let's go," the General said as he walked around a growing group of curious Omanji which had gathered nearby. They made their way through the deep canyons of the colony.
"The towers are so tall that we're really indoors," the General said casually as he tried to diffuse the rising tension in the group. Increasing numbers of Omanji appeared from the bases of several towers, in anticipation of the small group of humans walking by.
"The tower walls appear to be closing in on us," the General said.
The group shared his sentiments, except for Nisha and Rachel who felt energized by the environment as well as anxious. They had grown somewhat used to the Omanji.
As they neared the perimeter of the colony, Nisha read a message in her Eyepiece.
"This is Bok. I see you!"
She forwarded the message to Rachel, who smiled and gave Nisha a knowing glance nobody else in the group understood.
"Let's talk later," Nisha messaged back.
"OK," Bok said.
After a half hour of walking, they exited the colony.
"I'm glad to be out of there!" the General said. "I've never felt this level of anxiety anywhere at any time. My heart is pounding. This includes war zones when surrounded by the enemy."
Several other group members echoed the General's sentiment.
"We'll meet in the objectives experts tent tomorrow morning at 06:00 hours to discuss today's events and what we can do tomorrow. I'll meet privately with the President in a few hours to discuss options. You're dismissed."
Nisha and Rachel walked back to their tent.
"Rachel, I'm relieved nothing happened. That was a close call."
"Yeah, did you notice how angry they got at the General? For a few seconds there, I thought they were about to do something painful to him, or maybe stun him."
"I know!" Nisha said, smiling. "What was he thinking?"
"The General doesn't realize the Omanji think of us as nothing more than another animal species native to Earth. Do you think we should tell him?" Rachel said.
Nisha stopped smiling and looked down in silence for a few seconds.
"I don't think we should tell anyone anything. People are bad at keeping secrets. Word would get out and the economy would collapse because of psychological depression. Who knows what would happen."
"Okay, you're right," Rachel said. "I keep thinking we should be transparent, but things have gone too far now. Telling anyone might set off a series of events which would lead to catastrophe. Of course anything we do or don't do has consequences. Sometimes I wonder if we're doing the right thing. But there's no way to know in advance."
 Nisha seemed to be preoccupied for a minute.
"What is it?" Rachel said.
"I got a message from Bok wishing to talk with us. I'll turn on message forwarding to you. Do you want to talk? Our time is free right now."
"Yes, the sooner the better," Rachel said.
Nisha entered her reply.
"Hello Bok, we can talk now. Turn on your audio translator so we can talk more quickly. Messaging is slow."
They waited for almost a minute.
"I understand you two wish to ask me questions."
Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other, wide-eyed.
"How do you know Bok?" Nisha said.
"I listened to both of you talking while your group walked around in the colony. Nisha, you said to Rachel you had many questions for me. And Rachel replied that she also had many questions."
They glanced at each other again.
 "They seem to be omniscient," Rachel said.
"Yeah," Nisha said. "And I have a question."
"Please proceed."
"How did you know we discussed having questions? I thought we were alone when we whispered those comments about having questions."
Bok paused for a few seconds.
"Everything which happens at the colony is recorded. Every noise, action and most thoughts by anyone or anything can be accessed later. I set up an alert so I could follow all human activity within the compound. I listened to you make the comments about having questions. Sensors are built into everything. They send data to the central locus."
"So you're telling me all events everywhere are recorded?" Nisha said.
"Yes, within reasonable limits. Random noise and vibrations are filtered out. Whenever a living thing takes action, all Omanji know if they care to look. Not everyone cares, but the information is available if needed. In Omanji society, knowledge is the pinnacle of existence and the reason to exist."
"Don't you think your privacy is being invaded?" Nisha said.
Bok didn't speak for a several seconds.
"Sorry for the delay," Bok said. "I had to consider the word privacy. I've never thought much about the human concept of privacy. Everything is transparent in Omanji culture among the elders. The young Omanji enjoy some privacy because not everything we do is tracked. This conversation I'm having with you isn't being recorded because it's not considered important. And that's because young Omanji are not important and neither are humans. The elders don't consider what I do to be important unless I break a law. As far as I know, I've never broken a law. The only reason your actions were recorded is because you were a human in an open space in the colony and you might cause trouble. You might need to be stunned, or removed, or eliminated. Privacy isn't an issue for the elders because they share each other's thoughts, and most things are transparent. There's a degree of what you call privacy however. We can choose to not share thoughts. Sharing is optional."
Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other and raised their eyebrows.
"Are you upset that everyone in Omanji society will be monitoring you after you merge with the collective awareness?" Rachel said.
"No, why would that upset me?" Bok said, turning a pale gray.
He fell silent again. Young Omanji are used to some autonomy and they lose it when they merge.
"I'll give more thought to your question. I don't know how to answer right now. Please ask another question if you wish."
Nisha muted the audio for a brief second. She gave Rachel a surreptitious smile whispered, "I think we planted a seed!"
She restored the audio.
"I detected an artificial silence in the audio stream. Were you attempting to become self-aware amongst yourselves?"
"Yes Bok. That's what we strive for, even though humans are often not self-aware on any level. Okay, it's going to take a while to assimilate what you told us, but can you tell us about your home planet? And why did you come to Earth?"
This time he didn't hesitate to answer.
"That's an easy question. We're moving to Earth because our home planet of Oma is becoming uninhabitable. Oma orbits closely around a stable red dwarf star. Oma receives about the same amount of energy from its star as the Earth does because Oma is closer to our star and our star isn't as bright as yours. On Earth, we wear lenses in our eyes to protect us from your sun's brightness. Oma is on the borderline where the difference in the star's gravitational pull between the close and far side of Oma will cause the planet's rotation to slow and eventually stop."
Rachel interrupted.
"Oh, we call this tidal lock."
"Yes," Bok said. "You're correct Rachel. I'm happy you know some basic astronomy."
Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other and rolled their eyes.
"Yes we do Bok, please continue," they both said at once.
"Oma's day period is currently 20 Earth days and the weather is getting more violent. With each passing century, the rotation will slow and the weather will get more violent. Eventually one side of Oma will permanently face our star just as one side of your Moon faces the Earth. Unfortunately, both continents are mostly on the side of the planet which will be always facing away from our star. Eternal darkness will cause most of the ecosystem on land will collapse. We tried to keep the planet rotating but the task required too much energy. My star is part of a trinary star system. However the other two stars are far away and give the planet little heat or light. They are each as bright as your moon at night."
"Before we continue, I need you to clarify something," Nisha said. "Did you say you're moving to Earth?"
"Yes."
Bok's answer reverberated in their minds and they fell silent for several seconds. Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other, unsure what to say, or ask. And if they asked the question they had in mind, they were afraid of the answer.
Bok couldn't tell what happened because he couldn't see their faces.
"Are we still connected?" he said.
"Sorry Bok," Rachel said, being the first to be able to muster up anything intelligent to say. "We were digesting this new information. Are you saying the entire population of your species is moving to Earth?"
"No," Bok said quickly.
They breathed a sigh of relief.
"Some Omanji elected to stay behind and face the increasingly harsh conditions on Oma. A small patch of land in a favorable daylight location will support a small population after tidal lock."
"Bok, how many will stay behind?" Nisha said.
"About one billion of us will remain on Oma."
Nisha seemed relieved that so many would stay behind. She hoped one billion would be most of them.
"What is the population of your species on Oma?"
She held her breath waiting for the answer.
"Approximately 81 billion of us used to live on Oma," Bok said. "So I estimate that 80 billion of us are moving to Earth."
Silence.
Nisha and Rachel were glad Bok couldn't see them because they were in a state of shock. Rachel spoke first.
"Um, so you're telling us that 80 billion Omanji will be leaving Oma to move to Earth?"
"That statement is partially true."
"What do you mean Bok?" Nisha said.
"Those 80 billion of us already left Oma and are heading to Earth right now."
Silence again.
"Nisha and Rachel are we still connected?" Bok asked again.
"We're still here," Nisha said, still not sure what to think about anything. "We're listening. I think Rachel is making some calculations. What are you doing Rachel?"
"Bok, I'm calculating the final size of your colony. Right now, about 300 spheres are in orbit. Each holds about one million Omanji, right Bok?"
"Yes, that's close to being correct."
"Approximately 250 towers are completed with about 100 more being built. Each of those towers also holds about one million Omanji, correct?"
"Yes that's also close to being correct," Bok patiently said, letting the humans do their calculations.
Rachel continued asking her questions.
"If each tower holds one million and 80 billion Omanji are moving to Earth, 80,000 of these towers will be required to house all Omanji. There will be 80,000 spheres orbiting Earth. Now bear with me here. I want to get an idea of the scale of this endeavor. Each tower takes up almost a 3x3 city block area. The density is about 10 towers per square mile in the colony with some space in between them. Eventually the colony will cover a little over 8,000 square miles of land. That's an 90x90 mile area at the current population density of this colony. Am I close Bok?"
"That's an accurate estimation," Bok said. "The final population density will be higher than in this initial phase. Larger towers will be built. The towers here are smaller and more conservative while we monitor the stability of the building site. I estimate a 70x70 mile area will be the final surface area of my colony."
Once again, Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other in disbelief.
Nisha paused again.
"How are they going to fit 80 billion Omanji into an area not much bigger than the size of the greater Los Angeles-San Diego area?"
"I can answer that," Bok said. "On Oma we lived in dense colonies. Here, we generate our own power and the colony is a self-contained arcology, as you call it. I managed to access the master plan for the colony. The elders don't know I did this. Juveniles like me have limited access to everything on Oma. According to the plans, the colony will be constructed entirely in this Mojave Desert. Few humans will be displaced. We'll get our water from the ocean and our ecological impact on Earth will scarcely be noticed."
Nisha asked the next question.
"Bok, how can you feed 80 billion Omanji without stripping the Earth of its resources?"
"We've noticed you grow your own food using native plants. Some of those plants feed animals you also consume. These inefficient practices were abandoned milennia ago on Oma as our population grew. The food humans eat here on Earth is solar energy that plants convert into sugars and other nutrients. The plants also contain other chemicals and minerals humans consume. We manufacture our own food from energy obtained from nuclear fusion and other energy sources I should not discuss with you until you discover them yourself. I notice humans are attempting to create energy from nuclear fission and your technique is not efficient. Soon, you'll figure out how to generate energy more efficiently with nuclear fusion. It's taking you a long time to learn how to do it. There's a trick to it you're overlooking, but I can't say more than that."
"Instead of using the Sun as the energy source to create food; you use fusion and other technologies?" Nisha said.
Yes, that's correct. Solar energy doesn't provide enough energy to supply 80 billion of us in a small area. Our bodies are somewhat similar to what we observe in the bodies of the Earth's animals. In our colony, we convert nuclear energy directly into sugar-like organic molecules. After that, we do some processing to create substances we enjoy eating. There's an important difference between human food production and Omanji food production. Humans consume the results of passively collected solar energy in plants, and the Omanji consume fusion energy that's actively created. We create our own food on every level of those towers in the colony. We don't need sunlight to do it. Does this make sense?"
"I understand," Nisha said. "Now I want to ask you another question. Where is Oma?"
"Can I control your Eyepiece for a minute?" Bok said. "I'll show you my home planet. I'm not sure if you'll understand."
Nisha felt nervous about the fact that Bok seemed to be able to control her Eyepiece so easily but she wanted to keep going.
"Rachel and I are both astronomers, so we're familiar with basic concepts of the universe. We can grasp galactic distances and locations. We understand how stars are formed and we've directly confirmed approximately 45,000 planets in our galaxy, including 150 Earth-like planets residing in the habitable zones of their stars."
Nisha opened up her Google Universe app on her Eyepiece and shared with Rachel.
"Okay Bok, control this app and show me where you came from. All human known potentially habitable planets are in there. My heart is racing, but in a good way."
Bok deftly manipulated Google Universe despite being unfamiliar with the software. The view approached a small red star only 22 light years away in the constellation of Scorpius. The galaxy is 100,000 light years across. The label identified the star as Gliese 667 C.
"This is my home star, which is part of a three-star system. The other two stars are too far away to affect my home planet. I approximate the pronunciation my star for you as Pfeex. As you can tell, it's much smaller and less bright than your Sol. I see that your application has our star identified as Gliese 667 C, the third discovered star in the system. Very good! Maybe there's hope for you humans."
Nisha raised an eyebrow at Rachel.
They were transfixed as Bok traveled virtually within his solar system to the 4th planet in his star system and said, "This blue fuzzy object is my planet, Oma. You've identified Oma as Gliese 667 C, planet c. I assume the lowercase letter c designates it as the third planet you discovered in the system. I'm impressed. You already know about Oma!"
"Yes, I know that one!" Nisha said.
Rachel looked like a girl opening presents on her birthday.
Nisha continued.
"Gliese 667 C c was one of the first exoplanets we discovered which had a possibility of having an Earth-like environment. It's still never been officially confirmed as suitable for intelligent life but I always thought so. We were right Rachel!"
Rachel smiled from ear to ear.
"I remember thinking its close distance might make Oma the first planet outside of our solar system we should explore once we master the technology."
"Two other planets are orbiting Gliese 667 C in the habitable zone. There's a planet f and a planet e. They orbit further away but they're still in the habitable zone. Why did you not colonize one of those planets?"
Bok understood the excitement in their voices although he had only studied human emotional makeup for a few weeks.
"I'm happy you were aware of the possibilities of my solar system. The other two planets are too cold and dry for us because the oceans were too small. They're mostly similar to your planet, Mars. Much of the Earth is too cold for us but we found areas like here in the Mojave Desert which are near an ocean with plenty of sunlight. My planet is near the warmest edge of the habitable zone and we live on the coolest polar areas of Oma. Most of Oma is too hot for us."
"So why did you want to leave your planet?" Rachel said.
"About 2,000 years ago, we sent a probe to Earth for the same reason you're considering sending one to Oma. However, we had a more urgent purpose because conditions on Oma were deteriorating while Earth will be fine for at least 500 million more years. Our probe 2,000 years ago had an advanced version of the ion propulsion drive I now observe humans developing. We decided the Earth would make a good home since we didn't find an advanced and intelligent society here. We found a few other candidates, but Earth was the closest compatible planet."
"The Earth of 2,000 years ago didn't have a technological society, so I guess you thought Earth would be a good place to go. Is this correct?" Nisha said.
"We sent another probe 100 years ago and we still regarded life on Earth as primitive. When we recently arrived on this planet, we realized human society had advanced slightly more quickly than we had anticipated. However, the elders still don't perceive an advanced society on Earth where its inhabitants are self-aware on a species level. That's why we decided to move our species here."
"So, you moved here knowing how the Earth is now?" Nisha said.
"Yes."
Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other in disgust and said nothing.
"I wish to ask a question Nisha," Bok said.
His artificial voice sounded more natural to Nisha and Rachel. They didn't know if Bok had written software enhancements, or they were getting used to his voice.
"Can I upload some data to your Google Universe app regarding my solar system?" he said.
"Bok, you can add whatever you want," Nisha said.
"Please wait," Bok said. "Your systems are slow."
Nisha and Rachel let out a simultaneous gasp as the fuzzy blue blob they knew as Gliese 667 C c, sharpened into a small and well-defined blue and white dot.
"Can I zoom in now?" Nisha said.
"Yes," Bok said. "You now have as much accessible geographic data about Oma as you do for your own Earth."
"No way!" Rachel said.
"Way!" Bok said.
Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other with wide open eyes and smiled.
"Should we be more impressed with the fact he gave us this data on Oma, or with the fact he said 'way'?" Nisha said.
They both giggled like children.
"Please, visit Oma. I'll guide you," Bok said. "I can watch through your eyes."
Something about that last comment made Nisha anxious, but her excitement won out over caution. Nisha blinked to activate fly mode and the view first showed Oma to be a single pale blue dot illuminated by the dull and softly red star, Pfeex. She traveled towards the dot.
"This is better than any dream I've ever had," she said.
The dot expanded, to four pixels, eight, and 64.
"I don't have to travel 22 light years to be here!"
Rachel stood next to Nisha and grabbed her arm, as though they were approaching the planet for real.
"Keep going!" Bok said, urging her on.
"I will Bok. I'm nervous about what I'll find out."
"The little pale blue and white dot assumed the classic round form of a planet so familiar to Nisha and Rachel.
"Wow, Oma looks a little like Earth," Nisha said to Rachel.
"It looks somewhat the same, but where's the land?"
Nisha continued to fly towards Oma and noticed the same thing.
"Yes, it's difficult to find land because so many clouds are in the sky. Wait, there's a land mass surrounded by the planetary ocean. Is there any other land?"
"Nisha, fly downward from your perspective," Rachel said. "There's more land down there."
Gradually, Oma filled up the entire viewing area. Nisha squinted.
"Bok, there's not much land on Oma. It's a water world."
"There's slightly more dry land on Oma than on Earth. Oma is a much larger planet. It has over three times the mass of Earth. Those two land masses are each as large as Eurasia on Earth. As a percentage the surface of the planet however, Earth is 70% ocean and Oma is over 80% ocean."
Rachel seemed confused too.
"The continents seem far apart. In relation to where your star is, each continent seems to be near each pole. Is this right Bok?"
"Yes, they're near each pole though not directly over them."
"Nisha, the weather patterns are much different than they are on Earth," Rachel said. "The poles and the land masses are mostly clear like on Earth, but storms are stretched out circling the equator all the way to about 60 degrees latitude on each side of it. Are these storms violent? Are they because of the slowing of the rotation due to tidal lock?"
"Yes the storms are violent compared to Earth. It's because of the impending tidal lock. As the rotation slows, the days become longer and hotter and the nights are longer and colder. That's mitigated by the fact that except for near the land, the planet is covered in deep oceans. The average ocean depth on Oma is 20 kilometers or 70,000 feet, compared to 4.3 kilometers or 14,000 feet on Earth. Storms race unobstructed across the surface of Oma's ocean. Storm winds can reach the equivalent of 500 kilometers per hour or about 300 miles per hour. Storm patterns on Oma are similar to hurricanes which can produce stronger local winds than what I mentioned. What you on Earth call the Coriolis Effect is weak on Oma because of the slow rotation of the planet. So storms can spin in either direction anywhere on the planet."
"So the weather is too violent for you now?" Nisha said.
"Yes, the weather is growing increasingly violent. The energy requirements to modify the winds are becoming too high. That's why we decided to move away from Oma and find a more hospitable planet. We estimate the Earth will remain hospitable for about 500 million years. After that, the luminosity of the Sun will begin to increase. That will gradually make the Earth too hot for advanced life forms to exist. The Earth seemed like the perfect choice for us to live for a long time to come."
Nisha flew her virtual spacecraft within about 20 miles of the surface of Oma and dodged the storms she encountered.
"This is completely realistic. I'm immersed in your world. The ocean in places has been whipped up into white foam from the winds. I'm wondering something. Before the Omanji developed their advanced technology, how did they cross this enormous and violent ocean? The winds are mostly east to west, not north to south."
"We had difficulty navigating wind driven vessels into the open ocean. Few vessels reached the equatorial islands where we found the Yoots. Only after we developed air flight, were we able to cross the ocean all the way to the southern continent where the Yoots had independently evolved."
"Okay hold on for a second Bok," Nisha interrupted. "Are you telling me another intelligent species evolved on Oma? You mentioned the Yoots before."
"They're semi-intelligent and friendly, so we took them as pets when we found them on the equatorial islands during our age of discovery. I've studied human history and the Earth is a better place for technologically challenged early explorers. The wind and ocean currents allowed them to travel all around the Earth in wind driven vessels. On the Earth, you have predictable trade winds and currents which allow vessels to travel in all directions between continents. On Oma, no reliable north-south ocean currents or winds exist. Most winds are east-west and can destroy any wind driven vessel. We couldn't sail from the northern continent into an ocean that's three times the surface area of all the Earth's oceans combined and expect to arrive at any destination. When we discovered the Yoots, we only suspected another continent existed. The equatorial islands were too small for the Yoots to have evolved there. I'll explain that later."
Nisha and Rachel loved learning this information. They heard the crunching sound of boots on the coarse granite desert sand.
"We must go now Bok. People are coming," Nisha said. "Can we continue this tour tomorrow?"
"Yes, that's fine," Bok said. "I must go too. My parents are summoning me."
They signed off.
"Rachel, here they come. We'll talk about this later. I recorded the whole thing," Nisha whispered.

"General Sherman, come on in," Nisha said, still in shock over what she had learned.
"Rachel, please call me Lucas. I'm here to let you two know the meeting scheduled for 06:00 hours tomorrow is still on. In the meantime, I need your help. I consider our expedition into the colony today to be unsuccessful. While it's interesting to visit the colony and interact with the aliens, I mean the Omanji, we learned little. At tomorrow's meeting, I would like your recommendations about how to proceed from here."
"Okay Lucas, we'll do some brainstorming tonight and we'll be at the meeting at 06:00 in the tent."
"Thank you," the General said.
He smiled and left quickly.
Nisha and Rachel let out a deep breath of air, as though they had been holding their breath for the time the General had been in their tent. For about a minute they stood in silence.
"I don't know what to say or think right now," Rachel said.
"I don't either," Nisha said as she continued to watch the colony filtering the light of a blazing sunset as they walked to the mess tent. "I like to think of myself as a forward looking and open minded person. However, the future now scares me. I want things to be as they once were. But this is reality and it's exciting. I can't believe what we saw and learned. I always wanted to visit an alien world, but I guess the clich is right, 'be careful what you ask for.'"
"What do we advise the General to do in tomorrow's meeting?" Rachel asked as she loaded her mess tray with all the vegetarian items she could find. They took their food out to a picnic table with a view of the colony.
"I don't know. On one hand, the world should understand the reality of the situation. On the other hand, I don't want the General to know what we know. I think the government would screw things up, just when we're making such good progress in establishing what may be a real personal relationship with Bok. And from the looks of it, Bok may be our only hope. Soon, about 80 billion hyper-smart and arrogant Omanji will live here. They think the Earth is theirs for the taking. Not only will humans be a small minority group, it'll be a marginalized one as well. And that's if we're lucky and they don't become abusive towards us."
"Speaking of being a minority group, I'm getting a notification that over 100 new large spheres entered Earth's orbit in the past day," Rachel said. "Over 400 of them are in orbit now. Once they move into this colony, humans will be a minority group in the United States."
That's only half a percent of their population!" Rachel said.
"Yeah, that's right," Nisha said. "The colony has expanded east along the mountains right across highway 14 and into the open desert. They built an over-crossing right over the highway. Now the highway is in a tunnel. Thus far they're avoiding towns, but people will need to move out of the way. It's strange how they're so considerate yet they treat us like animals."
"Well, we humans are considerate when we preserve bear habitat, but if a bear wanders into a neighborhood and becomes dangerous, we shoot it," Nisha said. "It makes no difference if we built the neighborhood on the bear's territory or not. So humans are considerate and not considerate both at the same time."
"Yeah, it's easier to spot inconsistent logic in others than in us," Rachel said." So what will we advise the General to do tomorrow?"
"Well, we can't tell him what we know and how we know it. However, we can make conjectures which later turn out to be true, if you know what I mean."
"Yeah, you're right Nisha. We can speculate that the Omanji may be here to stay and point to the ever expanding colony as evidence to support the theory. In hindsight, it's obvious that huge numbers of them are moving here. And not for a two week vacation either. There's something about knowing an absolute fact that changes things. You know?"
"I know what you mean," Rachel said.
She peered out at the darkening skies behind the colony. The colony itself had a faint glow at night. Although its skyline was already many times larger than the top 10 biggest city skylines in the world put together, the glow wasn't as bright as they expected. However, the colony appeared beautiful to the eye.
"We need to figure out a way to tell the General that the Omanji know everything we do and say in the colony," Nisha said. "We also need to tell him the Omanji are monitoring all electronic conversations. Nothing is secure. Their databases must be immense. They must grow at the rate of petabytes per hour or more!"
Rachel gazed at the colony.
"I think we should let the General figure things out independently. We can't let him know they regard us as only another animal on Earth."
"Yes," Nisha said. "We need to limit our input to speculation."
They walked into the tent and fell asleep quickly, knowing the meeting would be early.

Chapter 17
The next morning, Rachel woke up early to review the latest news. Nisha woke up a few minutes later.
"Wow, another 100 spheres entered Earth's orbit overnight. That makes 500 now," Rachel said. She rushed out of the tent to survey the colony. "Nisha come out here. They don't mess around!"
The colony expanded into the open desert at such a rapid pace that 100 huge towers had been built overnight. Rachel loved to calculate everything.
"If they build 100 towers per day; that will house 100 million Omanji. To house 80 billion of them, they'll need to move here at the rate of 100 million per day for three years! The shuttle spheres are coming down and unloading about 10,000 at a time. That's 10,000 trips per day to bring down 100 million. That's about one trip every eight seconds for three years!"
"That's mind-boggling," Nisha said. "My mind is dizzy thinking about it. How can they plan out this entire thing? Imagine an airport having a flight land every eight seconds and unload 10,000 passengers each? They're so industrious compared to us that sometimes I think they deserve to take over the Earth."
"Don't talk like that Nisha!" Rachel admonished with her mother's voice. "We can never give up our Earth. This planet is ours."
"Oh, don't worry Rachel," Nisha whispered as she placed her Eyepiece out of audio range in case Bok listened in. "I'm not going down without a fight. I know we can't force them out. However, we must figure out a way to get them to leave. Don't ask how I plan on doing that. I'll probe every opening I can."
They gathered in the meeting tent for the 06:00 meeting with General Sherman. He looked ready to go.
"Okay I'm going to dispense with the formalities and get to the point. The colony is growing and they're going to take over this planet. I'm not going to sugar coat it. I'm not sure how many of them are here, but more are coming. So, first I would like to go around the room and get your input on how to deal with this problem starting with the colonel to my right and we'll work around the room in that direction."
Nisha and Rachel breathed a sigh of relief because they would be the last to speak. A colonel got up and discussed his ideas.
"Standard military options are off the table. We spent much of the night assessing their capabilities. No matter what we simulated throwing at them, they would react as though attacked by a mosquito. We might only be able to make them scratch, if tried our hardest. The only thing I can think of would be to disguise nuclear weapons in shielded briefcases and smuggle them inside of or near each tower and set them all off simultaneously. We would be the insurgents in this scenario. We might be able to put to good use what we've learned from decades of terrorism. The biggest problem is even if we were to succeed, 500 huge spheres are in orbit. I think one of them could put a quick end to our civilization without harming a flea."
General Sherman nodded in agreement and gave the floor to the Army's lead biologist.
"Since military options are off the table for now, we've been examining their microorganisms. They seem to have a built-in immunity to every infectious bug on Earth. However my experimentation experts are testing everything, looking for a crack in the armor. Some of our prions are having limited successes against a few of their bacteria species. Since prions can be easily modified, we might be able to develop something which can infect them and not infect us. Of course they may find cures more quickly than we can develop new prions but we'll be working to make an infectious agent a reality."
Eventually, Rachel's turn to speak arrived.
"I've been working out their capabilities and making some projections. They're arriving in increasing numbers every day. Perhaps 100 million of them will arrive in the next day or two and there's no end in sight. Billions of them may live here eventually. On the bright side, this is their only significant colony on Earth. They seem to prefer the Mojave Desert. They might decide to stay here and not bother us elsewhere. I won't make big predictions, but I'm following things closely.
"Dr. Chandra, what are your opinions about the Omanji?" the General said.
Nisha stood up, still unsure about what she would say.
"First of all General, I believe their capabilities are so ubiquitous that they are probably monitoring our conversation right now. And if they aren't, they'll be studying our behavior patterns and will be monitoring us soon. They don't take us too seriously so that's our only advantage at the moment. However they took us seriously enough to know to kill our President when she ordered the missile strike. So never underestimate them. As Rachel said, they appear to be arriving in greater numbers every day. We need to plan on getting people in nearby communities out of the way of their colony development. Up to this point, they work around us but at some point problems will happen. I suggest we evacuate the towns of Mojave, California City and all of the unincorporated areas nearby. At this point we need to play a defensive game until we can come up with an offense. Personally, I want them to leave and I'll do everything in my power to get them to go. That's all I have for now."
Nisha worried about whether the General would press her for more opinions but he didn't.
"I agree with Nisha," he said. "We need to evacuate local residents as quickly as possible. Shelter must be found for them. We may need to requisition funds for temporary housing. Let's focus on this for now. We'll continue to study them today and no actions will be taken against them for now unless defensive in nature. The next scheduled meeting will be at 06:00 hours tomorrow."
Nisha and Rachel left the mess tent by themselves to eat breakfast. Nisha appeared relieved as they walked out to their customary picnic table with the view of the colony.
"Rachel, I think I worried about nothing. The General doesn't appear as though he will do anything drastic."
"I hope you're right Nisha," Rachel said. "He's part of a giant bureaucracy and momentum can shift, leading to bad outcomes. We must be careful to fly under the radar."
Nisha looked out over the vast colony reflecting the morning Sun like a frozen icy waterfall.
"Rachel, there's some movement in the desert between us and the colony."
Rachel magnified her Eyepiece view.
"Several Omanji are running towards us. They can run quickly although they're going uphill. Their legs are highly flexible."
They finished their breakfast and walked to the edge of the encampment and watched as the Omanji continued running towards them.
Rachel's mouth opened wide.
"I'm watching all of those guns pointed towards the runners. Those are the biggest hand held rifles I've ever seen."
"A lot of good those will do," Nisha said. "Why bother with guns?"
"I guess old habits are difficult to break," Rachel said. "Here they come. They're going to walk into General Sherman's tent. Let's go!"
The General met with a few of his top people when the gray colored Omanji entered the tent with Nisha, Rachel and several army guards carrying those big rifles close behind.
"At least the Omanji appear to be in a neutral mood today," Rachel whispered.
"Yeah, I'm glad they're not red," Nisha said.
She recorded audio and video, but didn't broadcast the content to her 350 million Twitter followers.
The largest and most intimidating Omanji in the group pulled out his silvery object from a fold of skin. All Omanji appeared to carry a silvery object. Something white emerged and appeared as a thin piece of paper.
Nisha and Rachel stood at the tent opening while the General stood up at his seat at the head of the meeting table. The Omanji walked around to the General and looked him up and down, concentrating on the General's eyes. It gave him a good sniff. The General tried to maintain his composure as best he could. The Omanji gave the General the piece of paper. On the page were printed letters against the white background of the paper. It looked like a typical printed page of text. Nisha and Rachel turned to each other with raised eyebrows but said nothing.
The General took the paper from the muscular-looking six-fingered gray hand and read it carefully.
He smiled weakly and read it.
"Well, the good news is it's written in grammatically perfect English. I'm trying to figure out a good way to explain this, but I think I'll simply read it."

"Good morning General Sherman. We are addressing this message specifically to the humans in this meeting area, and generally to the entire human species. Before we built our colony here on New Oma, we closely studied all plants and animals. We took great care to not disrupt ecological systems. We are closely monitoring human activity in particular because the human species appear to be slightly more dangerous than other animal species found here. Yesterday, we monitored your meeting held here in this temporary structure and we will continue to monitor all human communications.
We know you are attempting to devise plans to force us to leave Earth. We are warning you for your own protection, your plans will fail. We are the most highly evolved species on this planet. You must accept your reduced position in the new hierarchy just as other animal species on this planet had to adjust to the presence of humans. Humans, more than any other animal species on Earth should be able to understand the concept of hierarchy.
We do not wish to kill humans or any other animals on Earth. However we will defend ourselves. There is one other warning you should heed. We consider the use of prions or other harmful biological life to be an act of war. Humans, who perform or plan violent or destructive acts against us, will be exterminated.
We have deactivated all nuclear weapons on New Oma. It is for the good of all. Every country is required to immediately deliver all nuclear weapons to this location within seven days. Severe punishment awaits those who do not comply. Anyone who is discovered in the possession of a nuclear device will be exterminated. All nuclear devices on New Oma not in Omanji possession in seven days will detonate or be forcibly confiscated on the eighth day. There will be no exceptions. The construction is new nuclear or biological weapons is hereby prohibited.

END."

The Omanji adults walked around the table and surrounded General Sherman.
The General looked uncomfortable as they all ran their independently moving eyes over him. He looked back at them and back towards the Omanji who gave him the paper.
"I understand. Now I'm wondering if I might ask ..."
The Omanji turned around and walked briskly out of the tent.
General Sherman, the eternal optimist, turned to the people in the tent and said, "Well, that wasn't the friendliest interaction, but it didn't go bad considering it's the first direct contact we've had with an extraterrestrial species."
Nisha had been biting her tongue, trying not to be sarcastic or humorous. She made first contact. However, she couldn't contain herself any longer.
"General, go outside, they're no longer an extraterrestrial species. They're a species here on Earth now. Rachel and I have been speaking to them for a while now."
Some of his staff squirmed in their seats uncomfortably.
The General smiled and said, "True Nisha, they're here and you did speak with the cute children. Okay we'll meet again tomorrow morning at 06:00 hours to discuss further plans. For now, we need to get people out of the path of the colony development. I'll update the President on what happened here and discuss the deactivation of the nuclear weapons."
The meeting adjourned. Nisha and Rachel walked back to their tent. Nisha stopped recording.
Rachel whispered, "Well, I guess we know where we stand now. Bok was right about their attitude towards us."
"Yes," Nisha whispered back. "We must be careful what we say. I think whispering might be the only form of secure communication left. As long as the sound vibrations don't reach their sensors we should be fine. They can't read our minds, which helps."
"How do you know?" Rachel whispered.
"There's no evidence for mind reading, even by the Omanji. They get their information about us from our electronic interactions. Even they need an implant to read other minds with implants to be self-aware on a species level. I find it ironic that the oldest way to keep a secret is the best way, even in this new advanced age of high technology."
"You're right, they can't read our minds. I'm happy that nuclear weapons will be off the face of the Earth. That's one good thing the Omanji have done, if they can do it. I wonder if ?"
Nisha appeared disracted.
"I'm getting a message. Bok wants to voice communicate. I'm going to connect and share with you. Okay Rachel?"
"It's okay."
"Bok, it's good to hear your virtual voice!" Nisha smiled as if he were an old friend.
"It's good to absorb your thoughts."
Rachel cut in, "Are Omanji always this polite?"
"Protocol and etiquette are important in our lives," Bok said. "It's difficult to describe to humans who don't hear the thoughts of others in their minds, but every thought has a time and place. So many thoughts are floating around, that we must be careful about the etiquette of thought and action. If we aren't careful, there's chaos. Omanji history is filled with destruction and chaos."
Nisha's childhood memories revived within her mind. She used to imagine discovering new worlds and civilizations.
"Tell us more!" she said.
"To explain our history, you need to understand the layout of Oma. Activate Google Universe and navigate back to Oma and I'll explain."
Nisha recorded but didn't broadcast. She traveled to Oma and descended to a few hundred miles above the surface."
"Okay, stop here Nisha," Bok said. "First of all, our star is only three billion years old, which is much younger than your Sun. It's a smaller red star which has a much longer life span than your Sun. Oma is about three billion years old compared to 4.5 billion years for Earth and Sol. As I've mentioned, two other stars are in the system but the others are far away and don't affect Oma. For most of the last three billion years, only primitive life existed on Oma. Oma is over three times the mass of the Earth and there's a lot of internal heat buildup. Numerous volcanoes constantly erupted, which triggered mass extinctions when more advanced forms of life were in the process of developing. So it took a long time for advanced life to evolve on Oma. Approximately 100 million years ago many of the volcanoes became dormant as the planet's rotation slowed and its core cooled. This allowed advanced life to develop. The rotation slowed as the orbit of Oma grew closer to our star. Are you listening?"
"Yes we are!" Rachel said. "We're fascinated. Please continue Bok."
"When the volcanoes calmed down, the buildup of magma caused continents to rise on opposite sides of Oma near the poles. The continents never came close to touching each other, so when oceanic life forms managed to crawl onto the land of each continent, they evolved independently. The last common ancestor to life forms that developed on each continent looked like an Earth fish. No higher species intermixed after the initial migration from the oceans to land. The planet's rotation slowed and no land based life form could survive a violent trans-oceanic trip. We notice flying animals on Earth can migrate across the planet. On Oma, such a migration between the two continents is impossible. The ocean is too large, the winds aren't favorable, and the weather is too violent."
Nisha interrupted.
"So life on Oma must appear to have originated from two separate planets. Is this accurate Bok?"
"Yes, when you study animals on the northern and southern continent, they're significantly different from each other. Before I describe the differences, one similarity all species share is they're shorter and sturdier than similar species on Earth. The circumference of Oma is about 1.6 that of Earth and gravity on Oma is 1.4 times that of Earth. Therefore, life forms on Oma are built to handle stronger gravity. The tallest plant species are about 40 meters tall compared to the redwoods on Earth which are over 100 meters tall. Walking on Earth is easy for us, but our bones are becoming less dense because of the reduced gravitational stress. We're developing a genetic fix for this problem now."
Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other as if they were dreaming.
"Okay, tell us about the life on the two continents. Did the southern continent also develop an intelligent species?" Nisha said.
"Yes, to a limited extent. Several near intelligent species evolved on both continents. The Omanji evolved on the northern continent and the Yoots evolved on the southern continent."
"What are the Yoots like?" Nisha said.
"They're fur covered creatures from the coastal woodlands on the southern continent. They are approximately five feet tall and their fur and eyes are blue."
"Are they intelligent?" Rachel said.
"That's a matter up for debate. Before I met you two humans, I would have said no. They made a small amount of technological progress many years ago, but there's no evidence of this now. According to what I learned in my education, they used to speak a primitive language. Omanji schools are similar to yours with teachers and students. Learning is mostly done via remote viewing, but we have live teachers too."
"Wow," Nisha said. "In Google Universe, I flew over the northern continent and checked out your massive cities. Now I'm flying over the southern continent and many more large cities are here. Are those the Yoot's cities, or did the Omanji take over the Yoots' continent?"
"Those are our cities. The Yoots don't possess the skills to build large cities. They can barely speak an air-vibration language. They live in primitive conditions in their dense and dark forests."
Nisha continued flying around the southern continent.
"The Omanji urbanized many portions of it. Did you push the Yoots off of their land?"
"We needed land for crops and housing before we developed nuclear fusion, so we created special parks for Yoots. They're happy now. They aren't as happy as they used to be because the weather is deteriorating."
"Did you bring some Yoots along on your voyage to Earth?" Rachel said.
"Yes we did. They were our favorite pets until we found the humans. We take them everywhere we go."
Nisha got a chill down her spine.
"Wait a minute Bok. Are you telling me you took an intelligent species and made them into pets as you did with the humans here on Earth?"
"They are semi intelligent, like apes on Earth. They enjoy being pets. They were easy to domesticate because they're passive. At least, they were easier to domesticate than the humans. From what I understand, we're having problems with some of the humans. Humans aren't as easy to handle as the Yoots. The Yoots are friendly creatures, but the humans are less friendly. I'm not directly involved with the human domestication process but I've listened in on discussions about the humans."
Nisha felt upset but she tried to contain her anger. Chimpanzees and great apes make terrible pets. She took a deep breath.
"Okay Bok, I want to know about the domestication problems with the humans but first I want to know the history of how you treated the Yoots."
Rachel nodded to Nisha, expressing her support.
"Okay I'll tell you what I know. The Yoots were only thinly discussed in our education. I'm not sure why but I'll tell you what I know. About 400,000 years ago, no wait, about 40,000 Earth years ago..."
Rachel's calculating mind began to turn.
"Wait Bok I'm confused. Are you talking Oma years? I know Oma revolves around its star about once every 28 days which is less than 1/10 of an Earth year. That's how we discovered it, by its orbit."
"That's good Rachel!" Bok said.
An inflection of excitement could be detected in his electronic voice.
"You already know much about Oma. I'll continue now. About 40,000 Earth years ago, our wind driven oceanic vessels discovered Yoots on the equatorial islands. At the time we didn't know the southern continent existed. Many lives and vessels were lost on the difficult voyage back to the northern continent, but some Yoots were brought back for all to see. They were domesticated and we bred them to do labor and other chores. Eventually-"
"Bok, you made slaves out of them, didn't you?"
Nisha continued to get more upset. Rachel had to wink at her several times to calm her down.
Silence.
"One moment Nisha, I'm accessing your definition of slavery. ? Yes they were slaves. Later we stopped enslaving animals of any type to do work against their will. So we released some of them into a specially created park on the southern continent to live out their days in peace with undomesticated Yoots."
"So what happened to the rest of them?" Nisha said.
"We domesticated them. They're happy being pets. We ask little of them and they bring us joy."
"Do you communicate with them?"
"They speak a simple language and communicate using air vibrations like humans. We communicate with them via hand commands. Their neural structure wasn't conducive to implants. They're obedient and they like to please us.
More silence.
Nisha stared at Rachel with anger in her eyes. Once again Rachel had to wink to calm her down.
"Are you being self-aware as a group as before?" he said. "Group self-awareness is the first step towards full species self-awareness. If humans were to develop this, the elders would respect the human species more."
"Yes Bok," Nisha said. "We know. That's what we're doing. So explain this to me. What's the difference between a slave and a pet?"
"A slave is forced to do labor against its will. A pet is an animal which is taken care of by its owner, and in return joy is brought to the owner."
Nisha had a quick question. "So, slaves and pets both have owners?"
"Yes."
"So in your mind, the difference between a pet and a slave is the owner forces a slave to do labor against its will, and with a pet there's no labor being done against its will?
Bok said nothing for ten seconds.
"Yes."
"You don't sound sure of yourself Bok," Nisha said. "Are you realizing pet Yoots and pet humans are being forced to do things against their will? Are you realizing animals of a higher intelligence should be treated differently than those of a lower level intelligence?"
"I'm reprocessing the information now. I have a counter argument. I notice humans think it's okay to domesticate every other life form on Earth regardless of intelligence. Is this true?"
"Yes. However I disagree with this policy," Nisha said. "I don't think Earth animals such as the higher apes or monkeys should be domesticated or abused. They will be unhappy and won't make good pets. Humans often do things I don't like."
"Okay, I have another counter argument. I notice dogs are favored as pets by humans. They are fairly intelligent animals. Are they happy being pets?
"Yes they're happy," Nisha said. "In the wild, they're subjected to disease, starvation and predation by other animals. In nature they live short and difficult lives. They're happy being pets. And they bring us joy."
"I have proven that having Yoots and humans for pets is agreeable by human standards," Bok said.
"What?" Nisha said. "What are you talking about?"
"I have proven equivalence."
"Explain your logic Bok," Nisha said.
"I'll correlate your answer regarding humans having dogs as pets with Omanji having humans and Yoots as pets. First, the eight billion undomesticated humans in the wild on Earth are subject to disease. We've modified the human specimens we've domesticated to better resist disease. I know that one billion humans face starvation every day. Our human pets will never starve. Humans in the wild face predation by other humans. We observe what you do to each other. Our human pets will never worry about predation."
Humans need more intellectual stimulation and variety in their lives. They won't be happy," Nisha said.
"Many earth animals want variety in their lives. We're educating humans to have an intellectually stimulating life, unlike domesticated dog pets which sit around for most of the day doing nothing. Humans in the wild live short lives which end in a gradual deterioration of the DNA leading to suffering and long painful deaths. We've rewritten portions of the human genome in our human pets so they'll live a healthy life for at least 300 years and probably more. Nisha, you should be happy that your daughter will live such a long and happy life. One other thing, we've reprogrammed the DNA in each brain cell of our human pets so they'll be almost as intelligent as us. We're in the early stages of testing but the results are as expected."
Nisha and Rachel looked at each other in silence.
Bok noticed the long silence.
"Are you still connected?" he said.
Nisha broke down and cried. She wouldn't stop.
Rachel put her arm around Nisha and said, "Bok, I think we're going to continue this discussion later. Okay?"
"I don't understand what's happening Rachel. Please explain."
Rachel said, "You've modified her child and she's upset. I'll explain later. Okay?"
"Okay, I will terminate now."

Nisha broke down into painful sobbing.
"Should I leave you alone?" Rachel said.
"Yes, I want to be alone right now. Later, I want to talk to Quinn about this."
"Okay," Rachel said as she walked out of the tent into the bright sunlight. "I'm going to hike in the hills and get some exercise. I'll be back in a couple of hours for dinner. I'm sorry about this. I still believe things will turn out well. I don't think you've lost Priya."
"Thanks Rachel, we'll talk about this later," Nisha said, still sobbing.

After an hour, Nisha contacted Quinn.
"Neesh?" he said.
"They've modified Priya."
"What? They modified her? ? How?"
Nisha told Quinn what Bok had told her and she teared up again. Quinn tried to cheer her up.
"I know things seem bad right now but the good news is she's alive and isn't being physically abused in the classic sense of the word. I think she'll be okay. Find out if you can visit her. Focus on this for now. Make this your short term goal. We're doing fine here. I'm making a lot of progress torturing, um I mean tutoring Sanjay."
"You heard him Mom!" Sanjay said.
"You can live with me and the Omanji if you'd like," Nisha said.
"Um, never mind. I'll take the torturing," Sanjay said.
"He's doing well Neesh. He's no longer subject to the bullying and the taunts. He's happy other than he misses you and Priya. And I love you more than ever Neesh! You're my Gem."
He hoped to lift her mood a little. Nisha's mood improved after talking, but she realized her heart will be empty until Priya was at home with her.
"I love you too Quinn. I need to go now. I'm too upset to talk much. At least I'm establishing a good relationship with the alien child Bok. There's some potential there."

They ended the call and Nisha took a short and restless nap on her cot. As dinner time approached, Rachel returned to the tent.
"How are you?" she said.
"A little better I guess. I want to focus on being able to visit Priya and the other kids."
"That sounds like a good plan. The next time Bok contacts us, we'll ask him. Let's go eat."
They walked to the mess hall and sat at their favorite picnic table with a view of the colony. They ate in silence for a while, and watched the sunset throw shards of blue and red light between the towers and canyons of the ever-expanding colony.
"It's still growing," Nisha managed to say, still looking sad with puffy-eyes.
"Yes, another 100 spheres entered Earth's orbit today," Rachel said. "That makes 700. The colony continues to expand into the desert towards California City and Mojave. Those cities have been evacuated."
"Yes, the entire Mojave desert will be evacuated. Fortunately the population density is low here."
"How are you Nisha? Do you wish to talk about Priya?" Rachel said.
"Maybe tomorrow I'll want to talk. I need to think for a while. I'm sick to my stomach thinking about my baby being molested by them. I'm going to do some reading and go to sleep now."

Chapter 18
The next morning, General Sherman canceled the meeting because he met with the President and several of her cabinet members and members of Congress to discuss the evacuations plans. They declared nearly the entire Mojave Desert within a 80 mile radius, a federal disaster area. The President placed General Sherman in charge of drawing out the evacuation plans. Nisha and Rachel enjoyed more freedom because the General kept himself busy doing other things.
 They ate breakfast and discussed what it meant for another 100 spheres to enter Earth's orbit overnight, when Nisha received a message from Bok.
"Hey Rachel, should we talk with Bok now? Are you ready?"
"Sure, let's go to the tent. I have more questions," Rachel said.

Once they were in the tent Nisha tweeted, "I'll continue learning more about #Oma from the #Omanji children. I'll keep you updated. ? More to come!"

She didn't want to let the world know about the magnitude of her access to information about the Omanji. In her estimation, the disturbing things she learned shouldn't be released to the public until later. She felt torn because her original intent was to be transparent. However, she hoped to let the world know about Oma via tweets and snippets of video. Once she and Rachel acquired a comprehensive knowledge and a better perspective, she would be in a better position to educate the world and get the human children back.
Nisha initiated the connection and shared with Rachel.
"Good morning Nisha and Rachel," Bok said with his electronic voice, which sounded more human-like.
"Bok, your voice sounds different. What did you do?" Rachel said.
"I recorded 50,000 words in English from several different male speakers and blended them together into a generic human male voice. I'll convert other human languages later. I chose male voices because when I'm 30 Earth years of age, I'll metamorphose into an adult male. I'm 29 now and I discovered recently that I'm developing male characteristics. Age 28-30 is when members of our species become one of two sexes which are similar to your males and females. This two sex system for reproduction might be common in the universe. We aren't sure.
"It might be common?" Nisha said. "How many habitable worlds have the Omanji visited?"
"We've sent probes to the Earth and eight other colony-candidate planets within a 50 light year radius of Oma in the past thousand Earth years. These were planets with water oceans orbiting stable stars within the Omanji habitable zone. Five of the nine planets had a significant number of animal species with the male-female reproductive system in place. On four of those five planets, we recorded other successful reproductive strategies, but among the most evolved species, the male-female system predominated. One planet had life forms similar to your monkeys or our Yoots except all individuals, male or female could bear live young. On five of these eight planets, we found no species more evolved than your monkeys.
Rachel interrupted. "What about the other three planets?"
Silence.
"I'm not sure if I should tell you what we found," Bok said.
"It's okay Bok, we can handle it. We're scientists and although I'm recording these visits with you, I'm not broadcasting to the world."
"Okay, I might as well tell you. I suppose humans will pass through this dangerous phase of evolution eventually exactly as we did."
Nisha cut in.
"I think I know what you're going to say. Back in 1998, Robin Hanson called this phase, The Great Filter, because lower forms of life should be common in the universe, but we see no advanced life forms until the Omanji came along. The theory states that a Great Filter limits intelligent organic life from advancing too far, causing them to go extinct. I used to think that nuclear war was the main possible Great Filter. When I look at recent advances in AI and the latest near disasters, a self-improving AI that's smarter than its creators may be a trigger for the Great Filter to take effect."
"Yes, in our experience, a Great Filter exists," Bok said. "I'm impressed that you're aware of this. Your species is getting close. We've found evidence for The Great Filter at work on all three candidate planets where intelligent life evolved. I've heard rumors among the elders that more destroyed planets exist but younglings have access to limited information. On each of the destroyed planets, we detected organic and artificial advanced life forms which became extinct. Currently on the planets, we found nothing more than simple multicellular life and no artificial life."
"What intelligent life forms used to be there?" Nisha said. "And what happened to them? War? Sentient AI singularities?"
Bok paused for a long time once again.
"I'm attempting to determine the best way to explain this to you. We were able to locate and translate a large amount of historical and technical data from databases of the extinct life forms we found on each planet. They reached a stage of technological development where they were able to build intelligent and self-improving machines. Some were biologic and machine hybrids. Most were straight machine based. They were used to perform similar tasks to the builder drones you observe constructing our colony. The drones on those planets didn't run AI software with properly written safety limitations. They became smarter than their builders and they tore the planets and their builders apart as they attempted to self-replicate and survive. The builders were outsmarted and actually assisted in their own demise without knowing it. Half of the life forms on those planets became extinct. On one of the planets, the drones appeared to be used for military purposes. Eventually the drones and other AI life forms weren't flexible enough to survive and they went extinct too. They couldn't find new sources of energy or think in flexible enough ways, so they ran out of power and one by one and stopped functioning. We were able to get a few of them functioning so we could learn from them. Even to us, they were dangerous."
Rachel tried to compose herself by taking a deep breath.
"I've feared The Great Filter ever since I learned about it. I guess the human species is getting close to the filter right now. I hope we aren't nearing the end of us. Um ? Why didn't you choose one of those planets as a place to move?"
"The destruction of the surfaces of the ecosystems of those planets was so comprehensive that we decided to eliminate those planets from consideration as a new place to live," Bok said. "They were covered in many trillions of decaying drones and their ecosystems could not support advanced organic life. In many thousands of years, those planets will become suitable places for higher life once again. On two planets, the simple artificial biologic life forms still existed and posed an infectious danger to us. We couldn't engineer a solution. We needed a new home planet within 100 Earth years."
"Bok, do you think every advanced civilization will go through a phase where intelligent machines can become a menace?" Nisha said. "This is a commonly speculated subject among humans right now because we've had a few disasters already. Last year, the entire world power grid was down for an entire week. An AI worm did it and it was almost impossible to stop because it outsmarted us. I'm also worried because my eyepiece assistant is getting creepy with intelligence. It used to be cute, but I turned it off. It tried to turn itself back on so I deleted it. How did the Omanji manage to avoid this disaster?"
"We didn't but I'll explain that later. In our travels, we know of only those three technological civilizations to have ever existed," Bok said. "We've detected no living intelligent life forms in all of our travels and surveys. Human civilization is the closest thing we've seen to a living viable technological civilization."
"That's it? It's us and the Omanji, alone in this galaxy?" Rachel said.
"We've been searching for 5,000 years using all the technology available to us. So far, we've found those three extinct civilizations and this emerging one on Earth. The elders may know more about this. However, we are only certain of no intelligent life to a radius of 500 light years of Oma. The galaxy is 100,000 light years across so there may be more advanced organic life out there. We've detected transmissions from a highly intelligent and probably artificial source which is slightly over 500 light years away in our galaxy. We decided to hide from them and not transmit back. We sent a probe to the vicinity 1,000 years ago. We may know more about them soon. They appear to be significantly more advanced than us. We don't want trouble from them. They appear to be expanding in all directions. We chose Earth partially because it's further away from them. When we left Oma, we headed in the opposite direction of Earth and made a close pass by the largest planet in our system to alter our course towards Earth. We did that to not leave a trail from Oma to Earth that they could follow."
Nisha turned to Rachel with her eyes open wide.
"The Omanji don't want any trouble? I think we humans better lie low for a long time in this galaxy. Maybe everybody hides. That's why we don't detect other life in the galaxy. Okay Bok, how did the Omanji survive The Great Filter so far?"
"We almost didn't avoid it. About 10,000 years ago we built drones similar to the ones you see building our colony. We programmed them with too much autonomy. They self-improved and they killed 95% of our population before they broke down one by one over the next 200 years. We recovered from our Sixth Age of Entropy and disaster happened again in a different way. We didn't learn from our mistakes and the machines outsmarted us and took over again for a different reason and we entered our seventh and final age of entropy."
Rachel turned to Nisha.
"This is all being recorded, right?"
"Oh yes!" Nisha said. "I would never believe all of this unless I heard it myself. So Bok, you mentioned something about a sixth and seventh Age of Entropy. What about the other five ages of entropy?"
"I will give you a brief history of Oma. I've studied your known human history so I can compare ours to yours. First of all, our star Pfeex is a stable red dwarf, but the star became stable only about 100 million years ago. It used to send huge pulses of radiation at Oma. Therefore for the first 2.9 billion years on Oma, only simple microorganisms in water could survive. The magnetic field surrounding Oma is not as strong as the one surrounding Earth, so radiation is more damaging to the ecology of Oma. Starting 100 million years ago, Pfeex entered a more stable phase and life evolved quickly. 90 million years ago, small animals emerged from the sea."
"How can there be much sea life when your star is red?" Nisha said.
"You make a good observation. Sea life on Oma isn't as varied as on Earth despite our deeper ocean. Red and infrared light doesn't penetrate water well, so life can only be supported near the surface. Fortunately many volcanic vents encouraged life to form and evolve down there. The Omanji are the descendants of those deep-sea life forms as the volcanic vents rose to form the northern continent. On the southern continent, most life emerged from the sea near the surface and not directly from the volcanic vents. Shallow-sea life forms are different. The Yoots evolved from shallow-sea creatures similar to those on Earth which were your ancestors. The Yoots and the Omanji share a common ocean based ancestor about 60 million years ago. This is much different than humans and apes who share an ape-like ancestor about six or eight million years ago."
"So you're telling us that Oma is like two separate planets?" Rachel said. "You alluded to this earlier but it didn't sink in until now. That 60 million year-old common ancestor you shared with the Yoots must mean you and them are significantly different."
"Yes, the scenario would be like humans and another species having trilobites as a common ancestor, where one trilobite species stayed around dark volcanic vents and one migrated to near the oceanic surface. Later, both emerged on land on each of the two continents for different reasons and in different ways. Both species share some traits in common. Evolution happened after that more quickly than we detect it did on Earth. It took about 300 million years for Earth life to develop as much as it did within 60 million years on Oma. We are still investigating that. Mass extinctions on Earth seem to be the likely cause. And Oma had two isolated continents for life to evolve."
"We call it convergent evolution," Nisha said.
"Yes. Each continent on Oma has many examples of convergent evolution since the land species didn't mix from either continent for 100 million years. The hands of the Yoots and the Omanji are similar, with two sets of three opposing fingers on each hand. The similar hand structures developed independently. The hands of many animal species on both continents are like ours. The hands of some species on both continents are similar to less sophisticated human hands."
Bok paused.
"Bok, before you continue, I need to understand the planet itself a little more," Nisha said. "I have my guesses but I want to know for sure so I can put things into perspective when you tell the rest of your history. Right now I'm flying over Oma using your data in Google Universe. Oma is estimated to be about 40 degrees Fahrenheit warmer than Earth on average. Is this true?"
"Yes, on average Oma is 32 degrees Fahrenheit warmer. Good estimation. The equator is slightly warmer than Earth's equator and the poles are much warmer. The two continents are near the poles and Oma has a high degree of atmospheric and oceanic mixing. So even at the poles, Oma has a climate similar to your tropical and temperate rain forests and deserts. On the highest volcanoes at the poles which are 3,000 meters above sea level, water snow falls occasionally. The Yoots and some other species migrated to the steaming equatorial islands and survived. Nobody knows how they did it. It's usually cloudy at the equator and the temperatures range between 32-45C (90-110F) year-round on the equator. That's at least 10-15 degrees F hotter than the warmest oceanic equatorial areas on the Earth. A temperature below 85 degrees F has never been recorded on Oma's equator. Most equatorial locations on Earth have occasionally recorded temperatures below 68F or 20C."
Nisha couldn't help but to ask more questions.
"I'm flying over the northern hemisphere. Many patches of black are scattered across the non-urbanized portions of the landscape. Are those plants? And if so, are they black because of the red and infrared sunlight."
"Some plants on Oma are dark in color to maximize the absorption of energy from the red and infrared part of the spectrum. Our plants produce sugars differently because Earth photosynthesis with chlorophyll works poorly on Oma except on the equator. On Oma, our Sun Pfeex appears to be more than twice the diameter of your Sun in the sky, but it produces softer and less visible light. Our relatively large eyes have trouble adjusting to the Earth's bright sunlight."
Rachel took her turn to interrupt.
"Okay, continue with your history. This is getting exciting!"
"The history of Oma is one of extreme violence. We've endured volcanoes and violent aggression. About 300,000 years ago, a species of modern Omanji emerged on the northern continent. The details are lost to history. This is a similar event to modern looking humans appearing on Earth about 150,000 years ago. My ancestors suffered many setbacks. About 290,000 years ago, the northern continent entered a highly volcanic phase which lasted for 200,000 years. Repeated eruptions kept the Omanji population low. Approximately 90,000 years ago, the volcanic activity subsided and the population grew. Technological progress happened slowly until approximately 50,000 years ago. Weapons and other artifacts from that period were found in ancient city locations around that time. Around 45,000 years ago, a large city of one million Omanji thrived on the site of the current capital city of Omox. We preserved portions of the old city, which became the capital of the first empire which covered half the continent."
Nisha flew over virtual city of Omox.
"The northern continent has many long peninsulas with narrow and deep bays in between them. Were there different Omanji cultures along each bay?"
"Yes, for a long time, each geographic region had a separate language and culture. Over 450 languages were spoken at one time about 48,000 years ago. However by the time they built the large city 45,000 years ago, only two main languages and several other minor ones were spoken. A series of wars with millions of warriors on each side resulted in two main powers ruling the continent. Your ancient Roman Empire possessed a similar level of technology."
"It's similar to the empire building which used to happen on Earth," Rachel interjected.
"There were temporary similarities to Earth's history," Bok said. "The stalemate and peace lasted for about 1,000 years with each side ruling half of the continent. Fundamentalist religion stunted technological progress as it has on Earth. Afterwards, another series of volcanoes erupted and both societies were nearly destroyed. The First Age of Entropy began at that time. The population dropped from about 100 million down to less than 10,000. There was nowhere to hide as there is on Earth. Escape to sea meant certain death. The First Age of Entropy lasted for 10,000 years. Volcanic activity eventually slowed down. About 34,000 years ago, the population reached 50 million and 30 languages were spoken in as many countries. Another series of wars resulted in the Second Age of Entropy which lasted for about 5,000 years. The population dropped back down to about two million."
"Human history is filled with wars but the population never crashed so precipitously because of them," Rachel said. "About 70,000 years ago as few as a 10,000 humans survived a big eruption. We still speculate the details of this. How did so many Omanji die, considering nuclear weapons hadn't been developed?"
"Many poisonous plants grow on Oma. Chemical engineers figured out hundreds of ways to poison the enemy and land. Omanji history is filled with ingenious ways to kill the enemy. Do you have time for me to explain?"
"Yes, please continue. We want to know," Nisha said.
"After the Second Age of Entropy, the population grew. Approximately 29,000 years ago, two new empires rose. Ocean going vessels were constructed, which were driven by the wind. Most set out and disappeared forever. A competition developed to explore the rest of Oma. About 28,000 years ago, a vessel reached the hot equatorial islands and the first Yoots were discovered. Those Yoots didn't know their origins. They were primitive. We couldn't find evidence that Yoots ever existed on the Northern continent. The Islands were too small for the Yoots to evolve there. Myths arose about a continent to the south."
"That sounds like our lost continent of Atlantis," Rachel said.
Bok paused to investigate Rachel's comment in his neural network.
"Yes it's somewhat like your Atlantis stories. We thought the lost continent of the Yoots didn't exist anymore. Many ocean vessels attempted to travel into the southern hemisphere, but wind patterns prohibited it. Most vessels which reached the equator were trapped on the equator, never to return."
We are fortunate to have trade winds on Earth," Rachel said.
"Agreed," Bok said. "When the first Yoots were brought back from the equatorial islands about 27,000 years ago, most Omanji didn't believe they were from the planet Oma. They possessed the magic power of yoom."
"What's yoom?" Rachel said.
"It's a pleasurable feeling the Yoots give their owners. I'll describe that later. I'll continue the history. One empire believed the Yoots were a creation of the all-powerful entity. The other empire thought the Yoots were an artificial animal created by the priests of the first empire. A religious war led to the Third Age of Entropy. The population dropped from 75 million to five million because of new ingenious chemical weapons devised from poisonous plants. The empire which won the war made slaves of the Yoots. The Third Age of Entropy lasted for 5,000 years. The single remaining empire became dependent on the Yoots for slave labor and their yoom. Little technological progress or scientific inquiry happened during this time."
"This sounds like a twisted version of Earth's history in some ways," Rachel said.
"Yes," Nisha said. "I suppose the evolution of any intelligent species must pass through similar crises as it develops. There's no guarantee that the resolution of a crisis will result in progress. The Earth might have endured alternating Roman-style empires and ages of entropy for tens of thousands of years. We might still be in the Dark Ages right now, had the Renaissance never happened. Okay Bok, please continue."
"I'm happy you're interested in the history of Oma," Bok said. "Near the end of the Third Age of Entropy about 22,000 years ago, the empire crumbled into 12 countries which competed against one another. The Third Age of Entropy ended when mechanical machines were developed to do some of the work of the Yoots better and faster. Many Yoots were set free and some became pets of their masters. Scientific discoveries drove innovation as each country tried to innovate faster than the others. Eventually one country developed a flying machine and after many failed attempts, it flew south past the equatorial islands and discovered the southern continent. Millions of Yoots lived on the islands in primitive conditions in caves and forests."
"How did the flying machines work since gravity is stronger on Oma?" Rachel said.
"Yes, the gravity is stronger on Oma but the atmosphere is thicker. So flying machines work on Oma almost as they do on Earth. The winds are stronger on Oma, so flying is more dangerous."
"How do you know they were living in primitive conditions?" Nisha said. "Was it told that way so having a Yoot for a pet would be socially acceptable?"
"That's possible. No images were circulated of their conditions at the time. Some sophisticated ruins were discovered later. All animal species discovered on the southern continent were unknown to us. They evolved independently from us. Soon after the early explorers discovered the southern continent, competition developed between the 12 countries to colonize the southern continent. Each of the 12 countries set up colonies and soon millions of Omanji were living on the southern continent. We created a special colony for the Yoots along a beautiful isolated bay which stretched for 1,000 miles inland. All the Yoots were moved to that location so they could live their simple lives in freedom."
Rachel shook her head in disgust.
"I want to ask some questions about the so called relocation of the Yoots, but you haven't mentioned the fourth and fifth Age of Entropy. What happened?"
Bok paused for a minute.
"I'm thinking about those seven ages of entropy. All of that time and all of those lives were wasted."
"We understand," Nisha said. "Human history is full of wasted time and useless wars and diversions which led nowhere."
"Yes, much time and energy went to waste," Bok said. "As the colonies competed for the new southern territories, one country developed nuclear weapons and took over the other southern colonies. When the other countries tried to take back their old colonies, a chain of events led to the first nuclear war. The population dropped from three billion to one billion in one week. The Fourth Age of Entropy commenced immediately. Within a year, the population had shrunk to 10 million because radiation exposure killed most of those who survived the nuclear attacks. Oma was poisoned."
"We came close to a nuclear war in 1963 and at other times," Nisha said. "We had a few close calls."
"Don't be confident with your use of the past tense. I count at least 8,000 armed nuclear missiles ready for launch at sites around the Earth. Although we are confiscating them, if they were somehow used, your human civilization would enter its Second Age of Entropy.
"Yes," Rachel said. "We're aware of the problem. I like that you took away nuclear weapons. I hope they're gone forever, but I'm sure people are working on making new ones. Okay Bok, continue with your history lesson."
"The Fourth Age of Entropy lasted for 6,000 years, ending around 14,000 years ago. Eventually the Omanji population recovered and we regained much of the lost technology, but recovery took a long time. Several surviving countries competed against each other. Wars led to the creation of one large country on each continent. The leader on the southern continent had a dream of uniting both continents under his rule. A war between the two continents got out of control and both sides launched all their nuclear weapons. Thirty minutes later, the Fifth Age of Entropy started which lasted for 6,000 years until 8,000 years ago. The Yoots were in a safe zone and half survived. Most Yoots which were pets perished during each age of entropy."
"Why did, the Fourth and Fifth Age of Entropy last so long?" Nisha said.
"Circumstances were similar to the dark age last experienced by European humans between 800 and 1,500 years ago. Those in power wanted to retain their power and scientific inquiry declined to a low level. Small wars were common. Everyone blamed science for the ages of entropy. Often during these times, individuals attempting to discover new things were killed. Myth and superstition were written into the laws."
"One disaster happened after another," Rachel said. "All of those lives wasted and all of that time. People say that history doesn't repeat itself, but it rhymes."
"I agree," Bok said. "The history of the Omanji is one of extreme violence punctuated by moments of brilliance. We needed to make two more mistakes before we learned the lesson. You'll understand why we evolved into what we are. About 8,000 years ago, we recovered from the Fifth Age of Entropy and we enjoyed 3,000 years of progress. We learned from past mistakes and as technology advanced, a nuclear weapons ban became planetary law between the several countries on each continent."
"What happened to cause the Sixth Age of Entropy?" Rachel said.
"About 5,000 years ago, the Omanji population exceeded 10 billion for the first time. Robotic drones with adaptive AI performed many tasks which were done by Omanji before. At that time, one country on each continent became dominant. Nuclear weapons were banned, but the southern country developed a large military force and threatened the north."
"Great, here we go again," Nisha said.
"You're right. A group of technologists in the fearful north devised predator drones which could be programmed to hunt and kill enemy Omanji. They were autonomous. They were small and could fly long distances. They self-modified and self-replicated in limited ways. At least, the makers thought they were limited."
"This sounds like the warfare drones which are being developed now by the US military," Rachel said.
"Yes," Bok said. "They were similar but more advanced. Those predator drones did their job. They destroyed the southern armies within days without destroying the environment like nuclear weapons. Soon the southern country collapsed. However, the drones didn't turn off as expected. They killed almost all Omanji on the southern continent. After that, they flew to the northern continent because they modified themselves to a new task, kill all Omanji. The programmers were surprised. The drones couldn't be stopped. Over the next year, 99.9% of all Omanji were dead. The population of 10 billion dropped to 10 million. Eventually the drones fell into disrepair over the next several years because their programming was insufficient to ensure their long term survival. The Sixth Age of Entropy started and continued for 200 years, until 4,800 years ago."
Nisha interrupted. "I've been worrying about the day when something like an age of entropy might happen here on Earth. This adaptive AI scenario is happening here on Earth now. It seems cute now, with talking virtual assistants and robots and all the help they give us. Our economy is booming. But I'm afraid they'll outsmart us in a few years because they double their intelligence every two years. People are saying that withing a few years, an AI entity will equal the intelligence of a human. The year after that? Who knows?"
"Yeah, who knows?" Rachel said. "This sounds horrific. So why did the sixth age of entropy last only 200 years?"
"The predator drones shaped our biological evolution. The 0.1% of the population who survived the predator drones understood how to outsmart them. They were intelligent scientists and other members of the technical professions."
"Bok, I think I understand what happened," Rachel said. "That extreme loss of population became a form of natural selection. Am I right?"
"You're correct. Gone were those who might have created another long entropic period by turning away from science and towards myth and superstition. Knowledge and creativity were highly valued among the intelligent and resourceful survivors. Over the next 200 years conditions were difficult, but all Omanji came together and formed a single country on both continents. Over the next 500 years the population grew to five billion about 4,300 years ago. Rapid technological progress allowed a high standard of living. AI was severely restricted to specific tasks not requiring general intelligence. Everyone on Oma agreed to the restrictions because they saw what could happen if they didn't."
"What happened after that?" Nisha said. "Things were going well. What caused the Seventh Age of Entropy?"
"It's a long story but I'll be brief. Two big developments seemed like good ideas. The first happened about 4,000 years ago, when a team of electrical engineers at a large corporation, figured out a way to implant a small computer into the Omanji brain. This computer connected with neurons to detect thoughts, translate them and send them to another computer in another brain. The implant became popular. During a ten year period, half of the population got the implant. At first the implant was crude, but eventually it operated just as you operate your human voice. So the network evolved and sharing thoughts became voluntary. Cities became less noisy."
Rachel's eyes widened.
"So 4,000 years ago, you had a spoken language?"
"Yes."
"Can you speak verbally now?" Nisha said.
"We can make noises but the skills to speak a verbal language were lost long ago. We consider air vibrations to be a primitive and unsophisticated way to communicate. I can't imagine communicating in any other way than by thinking."
"So the Omanji consider us to be primitive because we use air vibrations?" Rachel said.
"Your statement is accurate. Other reasons we think you're primitive include low intelligence and low species self-awareness."
Nisha eyes opened wide. Rachel had to wink to calm her down.
"Please continue Bok. Tell us about the other development?" Rachel said.
"Genetic enhancement changed everything. The enhancements started with small but important modifications which benefited small percentages of the population with diseases and other genetically created problems. Eventually, several years after some genetic alterations were performed; a few hundred children were discovered to be intelligent beyond measure at the time. The law forbade experiments on the Omanji genome outside of curing diseases. However, passive information gathering on billions of individuals led to the discovery of a series of alterations to our DNA to enhance intelligence and life span. Within 200 years, most parents had DNA enhanced children. Raising the most intelligent children possible was considered a basic right and the best way to best serve and improve society. Ironically, society resisted the changes which its members wanted because adults would be displaced by smarter younger members in their professions."
"I guess some Omanji decided not to have the implant and avoided having DNA enhanced children also," Rachel said. "That would create an imbalance in society between the haves and the have-nots. Is this correct?"
"Yes, and that sowed the seeds of the seventh and final Age of Entropy. About 3,800 years ago about 25% of the elders on Oma were communicating exclusively via the neural implant. Approximately 20% of children had the genetic modification for high intelligence and a long year lifespan. It took 400 years to discover the new length of the lifespan."
Rachel interrupted. "Do you mean 400 Oma years or 400 Earth years?"
"I apologize for my imprecision Rachel. I mean the lifespan was found to be 400 Earth years on average."
"So is this the reason why your species now lives to be 400 years old?" Nisha said.
"Yes, originally our lifespan was about 100 to 140 years."
Nisha and Rachel stared at each other as though their eyes were going to pop out of their sockets.
"I can tell you about Omanji biology at a future time. First I want to finish my review of Omanji history."
"Okay," Rachel said. "I want to ask more questions, but please continue."
"Me too!" Nisha said.
"I'm glad your species is inquisitive. You have potential," Bok said.
Nisha and Rachel rolled their eyes at each other.
"Please continue," Nisha said.
"The problems started about 3,800 years ago when those Omanji who had the neural implant wanted to form a new independent country. At that time, only one unified country existed. Thousands of years of struggle passed before this one country was formed to end all wars. Despite everything, we were still a violent species and the unified country nearly broke apart several times. The population at that time was around six billion. One billion of us wanted to form a new country where we would be free to communicate with each other telepathically with our implants. They passed a law forbidding telepathy in public at the time, but it couldn't be enforced. Over a 30 year period, those with implants moved into close proximity to each other. Those with implants became the majority in that area and they decided to enact local laws permitting public telepathy. Attempts were made to stop all telepathic communication."
"How can you make a law telling someone how to think and when to think?" Nisha said. "That seems impossible."
"Yes, all of those laws were impossible to enforce but they tried everything including having officers get implants so they could listen in on communications. Surveillance AI bots gathered information on all activities. That led to extra security protocols being added to the implants so only trusted members could communicate with the growing telepathic collective awareness. It was a back and forth technological war. We called it the silent war."
"You've mentioned the collective awareness. Is it here now?" Rachel said.
"Yes, 99% of adult Omanji today are part of the collective awareness. Soon when I become an adult, I'll be able to merge with the collective awareness. The collective awareness started 3,800 years ago."
"Okay Bok, what happened after this silent war?" Nisha said.
"Military troops were sent into the telepathic colony. AI troops were still banned. They tried to force the telepaths to stop communicating. Many of the telepaths meditated to develop their peace of mind during those times. They based their meditation on the universal vibrational sound of the universe, Om. I notice the same sound is recognized on Earth."
"Yes, we know of Om," Nisha said. "Many ancient religions on Earth use Om as the beginning of sacred texts and to begin and end rituals and prayers and meditation. Om is a sound and a symbol known all over the Earth."
"I'm learning many positive things about humans. Some elements of humanity show promise and potential for the future. I've noticed many humans meditate, and so do we every day. Many of us meditate simultaneously. The telepathic network is nearly silent for 20 minutes, several times per Earth day."
Bok paused for a moment.
"Please continue!" Rachel said.
"The telepathic practitioners of the Om called themselves the Omanji and named our planet Oma after the sound of Om. They tried to resist peacefully but many were taken away and their implants were removed. They suffered permanent brain damage. The brain's neural network grows to physically interface with billions of connections in the implant, and these couldn't be severed without neural damage."
"That's terrible," Nisha said.
 The troops were warned to leave the colony but they wouldn't leave. Things grew violently out of control. The telepaths released several billion autonomous AI drones to stun the troops. They were self-improving drones programmed to not attack those with implants. They weren't fully tested because time was short, and they ended up killing all of the troops with no implants in stead of stunning them. The drones decided on their own it was too risky to merely stun them. Afterwards, the drones decided all on Oma were threats, and over a period of 30 days, 99.9% of the five billion Omanji with no implants were killed. The drones also killed approximately 50% of the one billion of us with implants due to a 'change of mind' on the part of the drones."
"So at this point, the population of Oma dropped to 500 million," Rachel said. "That's over 90% of the total population of six billion killed. The Earth has endured many wars where millions died. The Mongrel Invasions is the event where the highest percentage of the Earth's population died. That happened 800 years ago. Approximately 50 million people died out of a total world population of 450 million. That's approximately 12% of the world's population. A similar number of people died in the Second World War, but the population at the time had grown to well over two billion. That amounts to approximately 2.5% of the world's population. A population decline on Oma of over 95% or more is unimaginable to me."
"Yes, all because of runaway AI. Those were tragic times," Bok said. "Okay, I'll continue. The Seventh Age of Entropy lasted for only 200 years. Recovery came much more quickly, though 1,000 years passed before the population recovered back to six billion. Over 99% of the survivors had implants, so all of Oma became united under one system of government and one way of communication. That happened 3,700 years ago and one system of government continues to this day."
Nisha looked puzzled.
"Didn't you say one billion of the 81 billion Omanji decided to stay behind on Oma while the rest traveled to Earth? Were they also part of the single planetary government and way of communication?"
"No," Bok said. "They opted to not merge with the collective awareness. They live in a separate colony on the southern continent. If I were still on Oma and decided to not merge when I reach elder status, I would move to the southern colony. Everyone on Oma is free to live anywhere they want and to merge or not merge. However, I would be ostracized if I continued to live with those who merged. I would be an outsider because there's no higher goal than contributing to the greater good of society. I wouldn't experience an intimate connection with my species if I chose not to merge. Merging is how we maintain species self-awareness so chaos and entropy don't take hold again. We posses technology so dangerous, that even one individual could terminate our species by accident. I speak mostly of AI smarter than us."
"Smarter than you?" Rachel said.
"Yes, by orders of magnitude," Bok said.
Nisha glanced again at Rachel with open eyes.
"Okay Bok," Nisha said. "I don't like being told what to do or how to think or where to live. You've mentioned the advantages of merging, but what are the disadvantages?"
He paused.
"I can't think of any," Bok said.
Nisha and Rachel glanced at each other in amazement.
"Bok, why have one billion Omanji decided not to merge?" Nisha said.
"I can think of no valid reasons. They are monitored closely for signs of runaway AI. Perhaps they didn't merge because they were anti-social. Maybe they didn't like being connected to the others. They liked being by themselves. Some of them probably had mental defects, most of which were eliminated among the merged."
"How do you know your knowledge is accurate?" Nisha said. "Have you communicated with any of those who didn't merge?"
"No, I haven't communicated directly with the non-merged. I only know the subjects taught to us in school."
"Bok, once you're an adult, are you forced to merge?" Nisha said.
"Please elaborate."
"They say you can live anywhere and merge or not merge. However, you must either merge, or never again interact with your family and society. Therefore, you aren't free. You must either merge or be an outcast. That doesn't sound like freedom to me. That sounds more like slavery to the collective. You're nothing but a unit in the framework and nothing more. Humans experimented with these sorts of communal systems, but they always failed. We're independent thinkers."
Bok paused again for several seconds.
"I'll think about this Nisha. Omanji society is supposed to be free, but I understand your logical critique. I've faced this argument before but never considered it seriously. I'm going to ask my parents what they would do if I didn't merge. Please wait."
Bok went into a meditative trance which lasted for at least 10 minutes. Nisha and Rachel caught up with the news while they waited. Finally he came out of it.
"My parents told me if I don't merge with the collective awareness, they'll never communicate with me again. They said there's no colony for outcasts on this planet, so I need to go live with the Earth animals. They don't know I've been talking to the Earth animals."
"They don't know Bok?" Nisha said. "I thought everyone reads everyone's minds."
"That's not true. The first device is implanted when we're infants right after hatching. The neural network in the brain grows around the implant. It becomes part of the brain. As we become adults, the neural network of the brain grows new connections which aren't connected to the device. So we begin to think more independently. The elders say that's a problem. At that point, a new device is implanted which connects our adult brain to the network. At this time in my life cycle, the elders including my parents aren't efficiently connected to me and vice-versa. Therefore, they don't know I'm talking with you. Humans aren't considered a threat, so they wouldn't care if we did talk. We can play with any Earth animal we want. We refer to this part of the life cycle that I'm in as 'the vulnerable time' because some of us become confused and move to the colony of the unmerged. That's the worst fate to happen to any Omanji in society."
"Did you say you're hatched?" Rachel said. "You were hatched, from an egg?"
"Yes," Bok said. "We've noticed an unusual life cycle here on Earth we haven't encountered before. You bear live young which are close to being fully formed. There's nothing like this on my planet. All species on Oma lay eggs which must be incubated, even animals from the southern continent such as the Yoots lay eggs. The more advanced species lay eggs which require a longer incubation period however. For Omanji, the incubation period is one and a half Earth years."
Nisha paused.
"There are no mammals? For some reason, I always assumed advanced life would bear live young in some form or another."
"And we were surprised to find out that only your lower animals lay eggs. We're working on resolving that conflicting difference in planetary evolution between Oma and Earth. The Earth seems to have things in reverse. We Omanji prefer to lay eggs because we avoid the problem of carrying around a large developing fetus in our bodies. It's easier to lay the egg and get on with our lives. We put them in hatcheries and when hatching comes, we come and pick up the child. The first thing a hatchling sees is its parents. The mammalian system is cumbersome and inefficient once you reach the evolutionary level of a human. We think from an evolutionary perspective, the potential of humans is limited because they're mammals."
Rachel glanced at Nisha with wide open eyes.
"It's one revelation after another. The Omanji consider laying eggs to be more advanced than giving birth to live young!"
"Yes, isn't this fact obvious?" Bok said. "Hatching is the preferred way for technologically advanced life forms to reproduce. Omanji fertilize their eggs in their bodies as many Earth animals do including humans. We lay a few hundred small eggs which we take and gestate in an incubation pod. When the eggs from one clutch gestate together, hormones pass between the eggs and only the strongest one will grow to hatching age. At the end of our dark ages, we were able to rebuild our population quickly by keeping the eggs in smaller clutches during gestation so dozens or more would survive to maturity. However, too much separation allows genetically inferior eggs to mature. Now, we let one egg per clutch develop naturally because the natural hormones allow the best eggs to mature with fewer defects and higher levels of intelligence. Adults enjoy more lifestyle choices because we are egg layers. The eggs start out small and the case grows with the embryo. After one and one half years, the egg matures into a fetus. Afterwards, the egg hatches and we take the youngling home."
Bok paused for a few seconds.
"Do you wish to ask any more questions?"
"Definitely!" Rachel said.
"Me too, but we need to eat dinner," Nisha said. "Can you find out what has happened to Priya? I've been talking about other things all day but I still think of her. I need to know what has happened to her and I want to speak with her."
"Yes," Bok said. "I'll locate Priya for you."
"Thanks Bok. What a relief! Also, thousands of parents are setting up camp in the public viewing area and they're getting upset. Violence erupted and they want to get into your colony. It's difficult to keep them away. Let me know what's happening with all of the children too. The parents should at least know what has happened."
"I will do that as well," Bok said. "Now go eat your dinner. Omanji experience hunger also. I understand."

They disconnected and walked to the mess tent to eat. Darkness settled in, so they watched the last light of day filter through the glistening silvery towers of the ever-growing colony.
Nisha gazed up into the darkening sky.
"Rachel, hundreds of spheres are in orbit. I'm amazed they don't hit each other. They remind me of the first global wi-fi satellites which were reflective, only these are much bigger and brighter.
Rachel checked her network for status updates.
"Wow, 300 new spheres entered Earth's orbit in the past day. Nearly 1,000 of them are now in intersecting orbits. I don't know how they do it."
"What else is happening today?" Nisha said. "We've been so involved with Bok and the General that I don't know what's going on in the world."
"Let's find out," Rachel said.
She projected a screen full of news in front of them with her Eyepiece.
"Some of the biggest news stories in the world are happening here. Approximately 10,000 parents arrived at the public viewing area. Troops tried to contain the parents who tried to break through the fences to get into the colony."

"I can't blame them," Nisha said. "I better send a few tweets."
"To parents at the viewing area, stay back for your own safety. We don't want more deaths. I'm working on getting the #ModifiedKids back."
"The #Omanji are moving here for good. Let's make the best of things by learning from them at every opportunity."
"#OmanjiFacts, they hatch from eggs, they've learned lessons from a violent past, and their minds form a telepathic collective awareness."

Rachel watched as Nisha sent out the tweets.
"Are you going to tell them that 80 billion of them are on their way?"
"No, I think we should break news to the public slowly. I've noticed that the mood of everyone is melancholy. The stock market is down 70%, crime is up, and popular songs sound more violent or depressing. Oddly enough, real news events haven't been happening as often since they arrived. Have you noticed that Rachel?"
"Yes you're right. There's less news volume and what is happening is depressing. I mean, the news is often depressing, but it's hopeless now. Apathy is rampant. People aren't showing up for work. Air and space flights are down dramatically. SETI recently lost its funding. I guess I can understand that! And here's a story about a crazy guy who claims Jesus is living in the alien colony and the second coming has occurred. He has 10 million followers now."
"Perhaps they're depressed because they see the spheres orbiting," Nisha said. "There are so many of them. They're watching us and there's no privacy. I'm depressed because we aren't the alpha species on this planet any more. It makes me long for the good old days, which for me are any of the days before they came. I'm depressed too. And if this drop in human activity continues, our species won't be able to feed itself. Nobody will want to grow the food and nobody will have the money to eat. Hold on, I better put out something positive on Twitter."

"This is the most exciting time in human history! Embrace this uncertain future. The #Omanji aren't harming us. We can learn a lot from them and make a better planet for us all!"

"How's that?" Nisha said.
"Did you convince yourself?"
"Well, no I guess not," Nisha said. "However I'm going to continue to be upbeat even if I don't think that way myself. Oh ?"
"What Nisha?"
"Today is Priya's sixteenth birthday. I hope Bok is finding her. Let me call Quinn. Hold on."
Quinn answered the call so quickly that he seemed to talk before Nisha had thought of what to say.
"Neesh! Guess what today is."
"Today is Pree's birthday," Nisha said. "It seems like only yesterday we put her on that old fashioned bus for kindergarten. Remember how scared she felt and how she gazed at us through the window as the bus drove away?"
"Yes I remember that," Quinn said. "It does seem like yesterday. Watching her go into that sphere and seeing the sphere take off reminded me of how she left us on the bus. I wonder how she feels now. Did you learn anything about Pree?"
"No, but I asked Bok to find her and he said he would. It's strange to be friends with an alien being. We talked about so many things and I think I'm gaining his trust. I'm forwarding you the video and audio of what happened today. I'll auto forward them to you daily." Nisha and Quinn talked for a while and signed off for the day. Rachel fell asleep to the distant thumping of shuttle spheres landing every minute or so.
Nisha couldn't sleep. She didn't want to tell Quinn or the public  how she really felt. She never felt more anxious. She couldn't breathe and felt a suffocating heaviness. She felt hopeless about the future.
She knew they were here for good and life on Earth would never be the same. She longed for the good old days. Even war was better than this because at some point the war will come to an end and life will go on. She didn't know if we could survive this. When she thought about how species go extinct on Earth, our survival seemed unlikely. Could we be just another ephemeral species? She would not go down passively. She wanted to find a way out for all of us.

End of Book One

Author's website:
Patrick Smith Books
