
Ashra

By Jon Lang

Copyright 2015 Jon Lang

Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This ebook may not be reproduced in whole or in part without permission. This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents
Dedication
Ashra
Afterword
About the author
To my sister Val, for believing



And



The man with eyes the color of rocks on the riverbed, for showing me things 
I couldn't see by myself.
Chapter 1

"Left or right?"
Alan Belmont looked at the statue of an Erudite from ages past. Its sleeves were frozen in stone, hanging to the ground. Its palms faced the ceiling, waiting for a divine command that would never come. Each hand pointed down two corridors that both extended as far as Alan could see. He had come through one that looked no different; the walls adorned with the paintings and tapestries that detailed the history of Galea, a world famed for its learning and arts.
He looked down one path, noting windows that stretched to the ceiling, casting light upon the bodies of the temple guards and Sanctum soldiers scattered on the floor. Their blood mingled and soaked into the carpet underneath. He was glad it was still too early to smell the decay.
"Did you check the map?" A woman appeared behind him with a layout of the temple displayed in the air. "We had ample time in darkspace to look it over." She slid by silently, her calf-hugging boots making no sound as she walked over the carpet.
"I took a glance," Alan said, "but this place is too big and we only need to find one person. Our contact hasn't been responding." He held his pistol with one gloved hand and rubbed his stubble with the other. He wondered if the statue in front of him held any clue, but its eyes were closed and its mouth was shut. "After all," he continued, "if I knew where to go, what would you do, Aki?" he joked. 
Aki dismissed him with a wave of her hand. She studied the map glowing from her wrist- a maze of multicolored boxes that intersected with other shapes, outlining the temple complex and its buildings. She traced a path with her eyes, following the corridors and rooms. "Left," she said.
Alan turned and started down the hallway, away from the mess of bodies that lay down the other hall. "The guards must've tried to defend that area, thinking they could hold them off in tighter spaces," he remarked. His boots left deep impressions in the carpet as he jogged.
"Good plan, poor execution," Aki said. "The soldiers sent to retrieve an offering aren't stock Sanctum." She swept the area with her gun as they ran, looking for any movement. She hopped around the bits of broken statue on the floor, her short hair bouncing in time. The ceiling had been blasted through, now missing in most places, letting a mixture of light and salty air inside.
Alan looked up to see a Galean fighter in the distance, its boxy frame leaving a trail of flame and smoke as it was shot down by two bolts of plasma launched by the Sanctum ship chasing it. An explosion followed as the outdated fighter crashed into a building, sending bits of metal raining into the nearby sea. The shockwave forced Alan to steady himself on the remnants of a column. He shook the plaster out of his hair and heard shouting ahead, the voices punctuated by screams. "I think we're close," he said. He saw Aki dash forward, her body covered in a tight black suit that blended into the shadows.
At the end of the hallway, an arch made from a giant pair of sculpted hands invited them to enter. As they went through, the shouts became louder. Alan noticed that here in the antechamber, the debris was larger, large enough to hide behind. Chunks of stone had fallen, exposing a reinforced ceiling high above them designed to withstand attacks even from orbit. He knew, however, that the Sanctum Empire no longer used such weapons.
Alan ducked through and Aki followed. They went to opposite ends of the room, crouching to avoid the superheated plasma blasts volleying over them. The fighting had become trench warfare; the Galeans held their position behind a barricade of furniture and debris, while the Sanctum soldiers shot back from across the other side. Alan slid down and hid himself behind a fallen slab of rock, next to a Galean guard that held a hand over his stomach. The wet spot underneath the guard's charcoal uniform grew larger as he tried to breathe. Alan held a hand over his, trying to staunch the flow of blood. The guard winced.
"Is the Erudite behind that door?" Alan asked. He looked at the set of wooden doors that towered over them in the antechamber. 
The man nodded and gasped, finding it hard to speak. "And?Seth." The man closed his eyes and focused his remaining energy on breathing. 
Alan glanced down the row. The Galean forces were falling fast. He caught a glimpse of Aki, surfacing from her cover and firing two shots. He saw two sprays of blood cover the wall and heard two bodies fall to the floor on the other side.
Alan opened his com. "Aki, Seth is in the other room."
"I guessed as much," she responded. "Looks like he barged through the guards and sealed the door from the inside, leaving his troops to defend." She popped up and fired again. "We don't have much time. A Javelin has been sighted entering the atmosphere at this location."
Alan played with a smooth piece of metal in one of his many pockets. "We only have one left, should we save it for inside?" he asked.
"Only if you want to kill the Erudite in the process," she said. She stopped firing and ducked behind a marble slab, covering herself with a painting as plasma splattered against the wall behind her. Some dripped onto the canvas and the oils burned green and red. "I still have my Sheet," she said, throwing away the flaming art.
Alan nodded. He was already assembling the weapon from parts ferreted out of three pouches on his pants. With a pinch of his fingers, two silver crescents came together to form a ball. He checked the pulse of the Galean next to him and felt nothing. Risking a glance, he saw the Sanctum forces as some of them stood up, preparing to jump over their own cover and close the space between them. "Are things clear on your side?"
"No friendlies left here," she said.
"Deploying Ardor," he said.
 Aki ducked. Alan pressed a button on the completed ball and lobbed it high above him towards the center of the room. He pulled himself under a table, clutching his knees and tucking in his head. He tapped a command into his wristband, pressed it to his chest, and then took a deep breath. A silvery film flowed outward from his suit and covered him, tightening around his limbs and armor and hardening against his back. Aki had flattened herself into a hole between slabs, a similar silver lining covering her boots as she pulled herself under the marble and disappeared. 
The ball hung in space as Sanctum soldiers ran underneath it. The surface of the ball rippled once and receded, revealing a blue core that pulsed white, a moment that Alan thought was strangely beautiful when he saw it for the first time. The core shrunk to a pinprick and imploded, releasing a burst of light. Alan closed his eyes and felt a wave of intense heat wash over him. The silver film glowed orange as it took the brunt of the burn.
He opened his eyes. All that remained of the table were the ashes the clung to him as he stood up. The Sheet was burnt, the edges eaten by embers that crept up his body and fluttered away. Aki came to join him as he surveyed the damage. A crater stood where the center of the antechamber used to be, surrounded by sooty prints in the shapes of bodies. The door that led to the inner chamber was blown off its hinges, lying charred on the floor. He ran to what remained of the frame, pressed his back against it and peered inside. 
The Erudite of Galea was cowering in the corner of his audience chamber, his thin hair matted with sweat as he clung to a pillar behind the holy dais where he normally governed. The ceiling was missing here as well. Within the sunlight another man stood in the middle of the chamber, dressed in robes that weren't fit for battle. He moved so fast that all Alan could see were blurs of purple and blue as he danced between what remained of the elite guard of the Erudite, striking with only his hands. Alan recognized him instantly. This was Seth, First Prince of the Sanctum and Voice of the Empire. He stood at least a head above the other soldiers, an impressive feat considering Galeans were known for their stature. Yet despite his size, Alan couldn't follow his movements. His fist seemed to hang at his side, but a moment later it impaled one of the elites in the chest. As the man staggered and fell, Alan saw a hole where the man's heart used to be. 
Having Seth here was an opportunity Alan couldn't pass up. He nodded to Aki. She aimed and fired a bullet at Seth as he was preparing to impale another particularly large elite guard. As soon as the shot rang out and the vibrations rippled through the air, Seth threw the man aside and spun away as the bullet sped past him. The bullet only took out a chunk of plaster from the wall. Alan aimed another shot right after Aki, seemingly into empty space. He watched as it connected with Seth's shoulder as the prince appeared; Seth had dodged one bullet only to hit another. It impacted and shattered inside his arm, slicing through muscles and sinew. Seth stood still as he looked at the wound. The blood seeped through the fabric of his sleeve, turning the blue into black. He lifted his head and roared in anger. Alan took the opportunity to fire two more shots at him, but Seth dodged them with ease, leaving only a shadow of himself every time he disappeared and reappeared at a different location, coming closer with every turn. Alan stepped back and watched as Aki slipped behind them and headed towards the Erudite, helping him to his feet. Alan continued to shoot, but Seth had stopped moving forward and held still. Alan looked at Aki with the Erudite near the back of the circular room, seeing no other way to escape other than through the door he was slowly backing out of.
He thought it was strange that Seth would stop, for the First Prince was known for his ruthlessness and didn't rest until his enemies were dead. Alan heard a rumble above them, the sound of ship engines. A moment later, what remained of the ceiling was splintered and sucked out. He looked up. Instead of sky, the underside of a transport emerged, its smooth silver hull designating it a Sanctum ship.
Seth was nowhere to be seen. Aki only had a moment to deflect the fingers that were aimed at her heart before another hand came and swept her aside. She collided with the back wall and fell to the ground. As he swatted her away, Seth grabbed the Erudite, who was mumbling incoherently. Alan still had his pistol trained on Seth, but couldn't shoot and risk hitting the hostage. The air around Seth and the Erudite started quivering, as if there were waves of heat surrounding them. They lifted off the floor and were pulled up through the antigravity beam, along with rocks and bits of debris. Alan couldn't believe they could equip such a small ship with such a beam. There was still much to learn from their enemies, he thought.
"Do you have a shot?" he said into his com.
Aki nodded, recovering her breath. She lay on the ground and looked up, aiming at the back of Seth's rising head. She fired. The bullet sped towards its target. But when it hit the beam the bullet slowed, then stopped, until it spun lazily along with the other debris.
Seth and the Erudite disappeared into the ship. As it started climbing, Alan opened another channel.
"Claudia, are you there?" he asked.
A crackle of static, then a male voice responded, "The High Adjudicant is currently synchronized with the Aurelius. This is Second Medium Simmons."
"Seth has taken the Erudite and they're leaving by transport ship." Alan looked up through the hole at the vessel speeding away. "Looks like they'll be heading out of system."
"We haven't detected a Sanctum ship preparing to shift," Simmons said.
"I'm looking at them right now," Alan said, "and they're going to shift. We can't risk losing the Galean Erudite to the emperor. The Baldur is close isn't it? We can use their armament." The ship had enough long range missiles, Alan thought.
"I'll check." A few seconds passed before he responded, "The AIs have decided that we cannot risk starting a war with the Galeans. Your request has been denied."
Alan clenched his fist. "Understood," he said, his level voice hiding his disappointment. He continued watching as the ship sped away until all that remained of it was a bright blip that vanished into the clouds, taking Seth and the Erudite with it. 
Alan's eyes widened when he saw the other ship descending towards Galea. "Tell me Simmons, what do you plan on doing about that thing up there?" he asked. Though he had seen a few during his battles with the empire, the Javelin-class warship was sent only to the most resistant territories. It was a behemoth of metal shaped into an octahedron, a spearhead. Where each triangular face met at the edges were deep grooves brimming with recessed plasma turrets. A full squadron of fighters waited inside it. To Alan, it seemed like overkill for a city that had already all but fallen.
The warship cast a shadow across the capital city of Galea, the bottom point burning red as it entered the atmosphere. Alan knew that once it was through, it would quickly destroy whatever pockets of resistance were left. Even now, its grooves started to glow blue as it built up charge.
"We've identified the ship as the Javelin-class warship, the Edict, last seen in the battle over Phalos," Simmons said. "The Baldur has arrived and we're evacuating as many as we can from other major cities on Galea. The rest will need to find their own way offworld. We don't have enough resources to wage a battle while coordinating rescue operations."
"Leaving another world to die?" Alan spat.
"Insubordi-" 
Alan tapped his com and cut him off. "Quiet Simmons," he said to himself. "We share the same rank."
Aki had pulled herself up and limped next to him. "Call the Umbra?" she asked.
"Already on its way," he responded. He watched as the remaining Sanctum fighters left the isolated temple and headed towards the main city further inland. He was updating his position when a large chunk of the fallen ceiling behind them started shaking. Startled, he and Aki both aimed their guns on it. A muffled voice came from underneath it.
Alan put his gun away, found purchase on the cracked floor and braced his knees. With a grunt, he pushed against the rock slab with his back, straining to lift it. He felt his legs tighten and burn with the effort. From underneath him, a large pair of hands followed by two burly arms appeared. A face emerged; Alan recognized him as the elite guard that Seth almost killed earlier. With a final heave, they pushed the slab off. The man rolled out from under it and balanced on his knees. Aki kept her gun trained on him.
The man spat dust out of his mouth. "The Erudite?" he choked out in a baritone voice. He pushed himself up with hands so large that Alan was sure he could crush his head without effort. This bear of a man seemed larger now that Seth was gone. He towered over them both, standing on legs as thick as Alan's torso.
Alan shook his head. "He's been taken." 
But the Galean could only stand for a moment. The man staggered and sat on the ground, holding a hand to a deep gash on his thigh. Aki lowered her weapon and tore a piece of fabric from one of the dead elites and wrapped it around the wound.
"Thank you," he said. "I am Argus Volgren, one of the guards of the Erudite of Galea." He looked at them. "My saviors are?" he asked.
"I'm Alan, and this is Aki," he said, pointing to her as she tied a tight knot around Argus's leg. "I believe you called for us earlier. We're from the Einhart."
"The Einhart! Thank you for coming," Argus said. "With your ships, we can go after them. Surely you have some way we can find His Sagacity!" His excited movements caused a fresh stream of blood to trickle from his leg.
Alan put a hand on Argus's chest, shaking his head, but the large man continued. "They couldn't have gotten far. Did you see where they went?" He tried to push himself up and looked around, searching for some sign of the Erudite's gold and red robes.
"He was taken by Seth onto a stealth ship," Alan said. "It's too late for the Erudite. When we received your distress call the invasion had already begun." Even with the drugs that coursed through Alan's veins, he was still saddened to the see the hopeful light fade from Argus's eyes.
Argus hung his head in shame. "I apologize on behalf of the Erudite," he said. "Galea has always been a center of learning, collecting information from many of the known worlds, a neutral land that believes that knowledge should be free and available. We have never participated in any of the conflicts that occurred in other areas, and we never thought we would be attacked in such a fashion," he said.
"Is there anything special about the Erudite of Galea?" Aki asked.
Argus held his back straighter, his voice clear and his words rehearsed. "He is the guiding light, the principal magister of the twelve schools, the great scion of the arts and leader of the peop-"
"There's no need for the speech. The man is gone and he isn't here to hear it," Alan said.
Argus sat down on the floor. A sigh escaped his lips as his failure to protect his leader fell onto his shoulders with a greater weight than any slab of stone. He took a breath and said, "The Erudite was a jerk. He was never popular, and his policies pushed away the few that would support him. But, it was still my job to protect him, and I couldn't fulfill my duty to do so."
"You did what you could," Aki said. "This isn't the first time the Sanctum Empire has come to a world to only take a few, though they will make the populace believe otherwise." She looked at the broken throne on the dais. "Was there anything the Erudite could do that others could not?" she asked.
"Now that he is gone, there's no need to keep it a secret anymore," Argus said. "We Galeans believe that knowledge is the greatest attribute an individual can have, and it is a waste when one dies and takes it with them to the grave. The Erudites have always transferred a select portion of their knowledge and being into their successors so that their descendants wouldn't make the same mistakes their forebears did. It's a tradition and technique that has been practiced here since the beginning of our recorded history, and it's an ability particular to the Erudites of Galea and their bloodline. Though it doesn't seem to have helped much in his case." He looked up wistfully. "His flaws could also be attributed to this tradition; the knowledge came with the vessels that once held them, and the vestigial remnants of the minds of the Erudites before him tore at his psyche like birds to carrion, inflicting their own opinions and viewpoints." 
Argus gazed towards the city in the sunset, watching as Sanctum fighters swarmed its skyline like flies around a corpse. The husks of buildings lay on their sides half-collapsed, as if they were hands stuck in rigor mortis.
Alan knew the look in Argus's eyes. "Remember it while you can," he said. "Or maybe it's better if you forget altogether." He recalled an evening in his own past, when he realized all that he knew was no more.
"I know most of the landmarks," Argus said. "I played in a park over there, as a child," pointing to a column of smoke, "and I trained over there on our military grounds." Alan followed his finger to a smoldering crater. "It's funny, even the most forward-thinking worlds have some backwards customs. But I'll keep them. I'll keep these memories close to me." His hands dropped and he clenched them into fists. 
He knelt on his good leg before Alan and Aki. Even on his knees he wasn't much shorter than they were standing. "You have saved my life," he said to them both. "And since we share a common enemy, I pledge what remains of it into your service in the hopes I can find the Erudite and put an end to his captor." He spoke with his head bowed.
Aki looked at Alan. "We may work together, but my goals are different from his," she said. She backed away and headed through a hole in the wall to keep track of the Edict and its descent. 
Alan helped him up. "Don't you have obligations here? This is your homeworld," he said. They followed Aki out.
Argus's face had become stone, his features unreadable. "Before the Sanctum came, I told the people I needed to of the invasion. What they did with the information was their choice. Here, upon Galea, I am limited. What can a grain of sand do to stop the tide?" He looked at Alan. "We guards dedicated our lives to the Erudite. My only obligation is to atone for my failure," he said.
From above, Alan heard the hum of engines. The Umbra came in from above, its elliptical shape black against the setting sun. Four variable hybrid quadrupole engines rotated around it, their cylinders glowing blue and white as they held the ship aloft. They were connected to the main body by electric purple tethers that crackled and popped as they heated the air around them. At Alan's command, the tethers shifted to the bottom of the ship, bringing the engines with them as they reoriented their position. The ship began to descend.
"We need to leave before the Edict arrives and turns what remains of this city to dust," Alan said. Already, most of the Javelin-class ship could be seen. Lances of plasma shot from its sides, melting the fallen buildings. "Seth got what he came here for and there are no more defenses left to hold the empire off." He stepped over the wall and headed towards the Umbra as it prepared to land on a small rocky patch.
"Look!" Aki said. Alan and Argus turned to look where she was pointing. An explosion rocked one of the sides of the Edict high above them, halting the bombardment and sending out plumes of fire from one of the hatches.

Chapter 2

"Left or right?"
It was Lydia's first time in the bowels of the Javelin-class warship, the Edict. As a consort of the emperor, she had only walked within the bright halls of the ship, a ship reserved for dignitaries and nobility. She wasn't used to the darkness of the service corridors through which she now blindly felt her way. The only light came from lamps built into the ceiling above, so high that they barely illuminated the ground she ran across. She had made her way through the maze of turns and pressure doors as best as she could, her sandals slipping on the wet floor when fear overtook her, when she saw shapes without substance in the darkness. Vents released jets of steam into the air that coated her hair, turning it into an ebony mat that slapped against the back of her blouse. Her memory and adrenaline had brought them here, but as she faced a choice between two equally gloomy corridors, she knew she was lost. She kept one hand against the wall to steady herself as she made her way forward. With her other hand, she guided her daughter, Ashra. 
Lydia asked her again. "This is what I see, one light and a choice between two identical corridors. Can you sense where there are others?" 
The princess Ashra was a child that only came up to Lydia's waist, yet she had the same dark hair and light skin that she had inherited from her mother. Though she was blind and mute, she had ways of seeing that which no one else could, and a way of communicating that was rare even among the royals of Sanctum. The princess thought it was strange to see her mother outside of their arranged appointments, but she had come when Lydia beckoned.
<Mother, I do not see why we are running from our own people,> she said. Ashra's voice sounded like the leaves of a tree rustled by a light breeze, skipping the ears and heard directly by the mind. <They chase because they were ordered to, but I do not know why we run.>
Lydia knelt down and held her daughter by the shoulders. "They are chasing us because they want you. Now that you're older, your father wants to turn you into another tool of the empire. They will beat the humanity out of you until all that's left of my daughter is a shell that obeys, like all the other children. I cannot let that happen." She stood up and squeezed Ashra's hand, "We don't have time, but we can leave here, we can leave forever, if we leave now. What do you see?"
Ashra hesitated. What her mother was afraid of should've been an honor. She was, after all, a princess of the Sanctum, even if she wasn't treated like a daughter of the emperor. Still, she would trust her.
<Left,> she said. <We should go left. There are people there, near the edges of the ship. To the right there is nothing but darkness, but behind us,> she turned and looked back as if she could see through the murk. They were still a ways away, but they moved with purpose and their steps didn't falter. <They are not far,> she said.
Lydia pulled Ashra close, felt her daughter's hand upon her hip, and they headed through the darkness. Lydia recognized the passage from the crudely drawn map she had received earlier. She kept her fingers connected to the surface of the wall, feeling the smooth stone until one of her rings snagged on a vertical slit. She released Ashra's hand and felt inside her skirt pocket for a card that was no bigger than her thumb. It was a final gift she received from one of her servants a little earlier, a eunuch that had served her faithfully for the last few years. Though they were supposed to meet before she left, he never appeared and Lydia had left alone.
She pressed the card into the slit, took her daughter's hand and stepped back. A screeching came from above as thick slabs of metal dropped from the ceiling on hidden rails. The two crouched and huddled together as the slabs collided with the floor with a blast of air that forced Lydia to shield her eyes. Foam sealant oozed out of the sides of the plates, filling the air with an acrid scent as it fused the plates together along with the floors and walls, creating a vacuum seal against decompression. It would buy them enough time.
"Let's go," she said. She grabbed Ashra and led them down another set of dark hallways. She had found her bearings, and with one more turn, they arrived at a dead end. Her hands searched along the wall, patting it up and down until she found an indent and pressed it with her finger. She heard a click and the wall panel slid to the side on invisible tracks, flooding the area in front of it with light. Lydia squinted and shielded her eyes, but Ashra didn't react, for the princess saw nothing.
Lydia looked around the corner, and seeing no one there, stepped out with Ashra. As soon as they left, the panel slid back soundlessly and sealed itself with a hiss. 
The hallway they entered was smooth and white, with graceful curves that wrapped around a long panel of mercurial glass that doubled as the wall. The energy shield that surrounded the Edict took the brunt of the force of entry into Galea's atmosphere, painting the air outside in shades of orange and red that mixed in with the sunset. Beneath them, all that remained of the capital city were spires that stuck out of the ground at odd angles, the scorched earth underneath them visible through their melting frames. Escape craft carrying refugees launched from the surface, leaving trails of wake with their ion engines. Some made it out of atmosphere and gathered enough speed to shift to darkspace. The rest were destroyed by Sanctum fighters or the Edict itself, their debris raining down on what remained of the city.
Since her capture, Lydia had seen it many times. The Sanctum Empire went to worlds with technology, with resources, with people, subjugating and acquiring what it could in an effort to expand and dominate. The empire would justify the deaths of the escaping Galeans one way or another, perhaps even going so far to suggest that their souls were at peace and one with the holy emperor; but what the empire didn't want was people hiding in the far reaches of space who would remember this day. 
She remembered when her own homeworld of Phalos had fallen. Now, she and her daughter were close to escaping the Edict, the great warship that was also their prison. Ashra would know what it was like to walk the ground of Phalos, as Lydia once did.
In the empty hallway she knelt next to her daughter, using her hands to comb and straighten Ashra's dark hair, doing her best to wipe the sweat and dirt that had covered them during their escape through the tunnels. Ashra's white silk dress was torn at the sides from a fall earlier; Lydia brushed off the grime that clung to it. "We're close," Lydia said, allowing herself to feel hope. She knew this area of the ship. This path would lead to the bay that held the escape craft she was looking for. With the preparations to conquer Galea, she hoped that the guards normally stationed in front of the bay would have other duties.
She took a deep breath. From the hem of her skirt, she unhooked a knife she had smuggled earlier and held it behind her back. She and Ashra walked with measured steps, their footfalls loud against the floor.
After turning a corner and seeing the same two guards stand in their usual positions, flanking the sides of the escape bay, Lydia steeled herself.
The two soldiers assigned to watch the escape bay were not happy where they were. Bloodlust coursed through their veins. They wished to be with their comrades as the first terrestrial raiding party. They wished to be part of the battle, to bring glory to their emperor, to spread the truth of the Sanctum Empire.
Despite their own desires, they stood guard at the bay, prepared to kill any soldier that dared run away. As they saw the royal consort and her daughter approaching, the guards bowed low, their faces held in rigid solemnity, their trunks parallel with the ground. They thought nothing of the two appearing. Perhaps the consort wanted to show the child the might of the empire firsthand.
They remained bowing as Lydia walked next to one of them, appearing to gaze out the window. When he saw the knife it was too late. In one motion, Lydia released her daughter and sliced through his neck. He clutched his throat as blood escaped through his fingers. He fell to the ground with a thud, the last of his life pooling out onto the floor.
Consort or not, the other guard reacted quickly. He ran towards Lydia and tackled her, pinning her under the combined weight of his body and armor. The knife was knocked out of her hand and clattered to the ground.
"Ashra!" Lydia cried out right before the guard clamped his hands down around her throat.
Ashra stood silently next to them. Her hair quivered as she trembled. In the past she had caught hints of her mother's life before the empire, but she never imagined she would kill another Sanctum in their bid to escape.
Lydia tried to call out again, but the guard's hands were strong and no air escaped her lips. She saw the edges of her vision darkening. She thumped against his armor, her fists useless against the metal. The interval between taps became longer.
Seeing it in the world she lived in, Ashra felt her mother's life slipping away and she made the decision any daughter would.
The guard's consciousness was a mix of colors, the red of his adrenaline infusing everything around him. Ashra focused on him, easily slipped into his occupied mind, and felt for the right synapses. Imagining herself as a vine, she wound herself through his neurons and bundled a select few together, knotting the impulses that shot through them.
The guard's hands loosened from Lydia's neck. The only thing that moved were his eyes, still filled with bloodlust, but now tinged with confusion. Lydia reached out and found the smooth handle of the knife with her fingers. She grabbed onto it and then plunged the knife between the cracks of his armor, felt as it slid past bone and into his heart. He grunted once and was still. Ashra mouthed a silent scream as if she felt the dagger plunge into her own body; the princess withdrew from his mind a moment too late. 
Lydia pushed him off to the side and coughed. The imprint of his hands was still on her neck as she drew in ragged breaths. Ashra had collapsed from the effort and pain and she lay still on the floor. Lydia wrenched the knife free, put it back into her skirt, and scooped Ashra up with both hands. She stumbled past the two bodies and made her way into the escape bay.
The bay was illuminated with a thin strip of lights. The doors to each escape craft lined up in neat rows that stretched as far as Lydia could see. She plodded ahead, counting each vessel, looking for a dimly lit number she had memorized earlier.
When she found it deeper inside the long bay, it looked no different than any other escape vessel: a small pod that would comfortably fit two, with a circular bench covered in plush red lining. A console made of light flashed once and appeared in front of Lydia as she placed Ashra onto one of the cushions. It expanded around the child, snugly embracing Ashra to the point where she wouldn't be able to move, protecting her against the rough travel ahead. 
Lydia dug in her skirt and took out a pendant in the shape of a half-moon with a clear blue jewel suspended in its center. Wrapping it in a small piece of cloth, she put it on Ashra's lap. In time her daughter would earn the right to wear it, a right she herself did not have, but that time was not now.
She busied herself with the coordinates of her homeworld, glad to see that she had chosen right and this was the modified escape craft with a darkspace drive.
Ashra stirred drowsily and mumbled, <Mother?>
Lydia continued inputting coordinates and path calculations through the unfamiliar console, cursing to herself as her shaking hands made mistakes.
<Mother,> Ashra insisted, <there is someone else here. It is strange, not one, but not two. I cannot see who->
On the inner surface of the escape pod, reflecting the dim hallway behind them, she caught the reflection of a flash of metal. She ducked and felt the blade whiz above her head, taking a few strands of her hair with it. She turned and saw nothing, but thrust her foot out and kicked into the air. Her sandal connected with something solid. The rippling air flew back into the dock and landed with a thud. Tendrils of electricity crackled around it as the cloaking device overloaded from the impact. A figure appeared on the floor.
Lydia brought out her knife as it stood up. It was sleek and covered from head to toe in a tight suit that changed colors as it sought to blend in with the surroundings.
A helmeted head emerged, black visor obscuring the face and reflecting its surroundings. It nodded towards the knife, still slick with the guards' blood. A sweet, female voice rang clear. "I finally have a reason to kill you, consort," she said, hissing the last word. She looked at the escape pod. "Killing a guard and running away with a princess?he wouldn't be happy." Lydia knew the voice and the way it would laugh and sing, as if it were the only way to hold its body together. It belonged to Lady Vijera, also called the Lady Gemini. Lydia knew that she would not be leaving the dock alive.
Lydia dove from the escape pod onto the dock. She aimed for Vijera but only fell on air as the lady leapt backwards. Back inside the dock, Lydia slammed her fist against a panel on the wall. The door slid over the escape craft entrance. Facing Vijera, she lunged forward with her knife, attempting to pierce the helmet she wore, but the assassin sidestepped and drew a long blade. Vijera parried the attack and smashed Lydia in the head with the hilt. Lydia fell and hit the ground with the back of her skull. Stars blossomed across her field of vision. As she tried to push herself up, a laughing cry sounded above her and she felt something slide through her abdomen, out her back and into the floor underneath her. It was followed by a burning pain and forced a trickle of blood to flow from her mouth. She looked at the shaft of metal that protruded from her stomach. The helmeted head came close and Vijera whispered in her ear. 
"So close. So very, very close. Poor Lydia." Vijera twisted the blade and Lydia cried out. "Where were you going? Where were you going, so far away?"
Lydia gritted her teeth and spat out blood in response, leaving crimson traces running down the visor. With a laugh, Vijera took it off, revealing a face that was white and flawless, radiant in the darkness. She leaned in until Lydia could feel her breath against her ear. "You don't have to tell me, consort. When I'm finished with you," she said, looking at Ashra pressed against the seat of the escape craft, "I'm sure she'll tell me everything, once she learns what a bad person her mother was." She drove the blade in deeper, smiling as Lydia clenched. "Well?if she could speak," Vijera said with a sneer. Standing up, Vijera removed the sword, sending waves of pain coursing through Lydia.
She raised the sword up, ready to sweep it down in one graceful arc through Lydia's neck. But Lydia fought through the pain and kicked up with all her might. Her foot caught Vijera in the stomach as she was bringing the sword down and the lady fell backward.
With her remaining strength, Lydia stumbled to the door of the craft, leaving a bloody handprint smeared across the glass. "Not in this lifetime, Vijera," she said. She looked at Ashra restrained by the chair, her tiny shoulders shaking with sobs as she felt her mother's pain. Lydia held this final image of her in her mind and thought of the love she had for her daughter. She thought she saw Ashra's trembling subside a little as she slammed her fist into the panel next to the escape pod. A second pressure door slid down. She heard the escape craft launch with a gentle thump. She smiled, even as Vijera howled behind her and drove her sword in again, this time through Lydia's heart.
Lydia had not wanted to use it, but now that her daughter had escaped from the Edict and her own life was forfeit, she pulled out the last thing the kind eunuch had given her. She would leave this world on her own terms.
As the escape pod jetted away, Ashra felt her mother shrink from her mind. When Lydia's star dimmed forever, the darkness enveloped her and she passed out. Though she could not see it, her black hair turned white, swirling around her like snow.
All that remained of her mother was a spark in the world of her mind, of the Empyrean. She held it close, willing it to live again. As she thought these thoughts, the light began to grow and take the shape of a seed, smooth and white. 
Vijera pulled Lydia's body away from the panel and watched her crumple to the ground. She glowered at the empty space where the escape pod once was, and only saw the purple light when it rolled out of Lydia's hand. She turned and ran, but her feet had only taken her so far when an explosion rocked the escape bay, destroying the surrounding craft and sending a large plume of fire into the Galean sky. Although Vijera ran faster than any regular human, the blast caught up with her, shredding the back of her suit and throwing her against the wall.
She barely came to her senses when the air started whipping around her and pulled her back. Her fingers wrapped around a doorframe, keeping her anchored as the hole in the hull sucked air and debris into the sky beyond. A crate barreled towards her; she kicked it away and waited for the wind and fire to subside before she released her grip. With blood running down her side, she limped over to the hole where Ashra's escape pod was earlier, gazing upon the sea of clouds and catching glimpses of the destroyed city below. 
She pressed a hand to her leg she called her ship. A star seemed to fall from the heavens, bright against the sunset. A trail burned behind it as it entered the atmosphere. As it slowed, the light dimmed and all that remained was a black dot, the outline of her personal ship, floating closer to Vijera as she steadied herself on the edge of the hole. It was a small craft designed for a single occupant, no more than a pair of flared wings and an open cockpit. She thought it was sleek and beautiful, similar to herself. 
Vijera heard the sound of metal warping and collapsing. Risking a glance behind her, she saw white tendrils snake through the floor of the Edict. They went through the plating as if it didn't exist; the metal armor vanished when the tendrils touched it. Unable to maintain its integrity, the damaged floor began to sink into itself. 
She didn't wait to see anymore. She put one foot into the narrow cockpit and felt it dip slightly under her weight. Her damaged knee couldn't support her weight and she collapsed into the ship. Despite the pain, she still smiled, savoring the death of the consort. Wincing as the chair made contact with her back, she adjusted herself until she was facing the setting sun. Overlapping layers of glass appeared above her, one piece sliding forward from another until the cockpit was covered by a clear crystalline shell. Proximity warnings screeched in her ears, indicating further explosions inside the Edict, but she ignored them as she sighted Ashra's escape pod in the distance. Her hands manipulated the navigation panel in front of her. In response, a line of blue ion flame erupted from under the wings as she chased after it.
Chapter 3

Alan boarded the Umbra with Aki and Argus behind him. They went up the ramp, through the crew compartments and then entered the cockpit. There were only two chairs; Alan took the one on the left while Aki took the other. He pressed his palm against a burnished metal table set under the flight deck windows that stretched around the cockpit. The ship scanned his biometric readings. Once he was verified, the command console was etched into existence by light, displaying the surrounding conditions and various parts of the ship. The yellow glow reflected off Alan's face as he manipulated the light console, his fingers working with a diagram of the cockpit they were in. Inside the console, he shifted their seats to the right with a swipe of his hand. The seats he and Aki sat on moved in response, placing Alan in the center. In the diagram, he pinched to the left of him, where the ground would be, and pulled up a trail of yellow that formed itself into a seat.
Argus watched as a small hatch opened up from the floor. An outline of the chair was imprinted in light, the seat and the back drawn into space by blue lasers. A tiny black cloud made of nanomachines streamed out of the hatch. They assembled the chair layer by layer using raw resources stored inside the Umbra. A stand erupted from the ground like a miniature tower. Plush foam materialized out of thin air, porous and yellow. They finished by wrapping it all up in a layer of black cloth.
Alan gestured to the seat, telling him to sit at the newly-created secondary weapons console. Though the chair could barely contain his bulk, the big man did his best to fit. His own light console appeared outlined in blue, giving him an overview of the armaments aboard.
For a ship so small it packed quite the armory. He studied the diagram and separated the layers of the ship from each other. Within its stealth frame was a layer of missiles, grouped based on their cores. Four stationary laser turrets drew power from the darkspace drive near the back of the ship. A complement of magnetized electric field generators, similar to magnetic pulse drive system that allowed the engines to be manipulated with complete freedom, were scattered throughout the hull. These he could use to attract an object, or if he switched the polarities, deflect oncoming metal projectiles. However, it seemed like there was one thing missing.
"Any plasma weapons?" Argus asked.
"Ineffective at long ranges with our power output," Alan responded, sitting himself in the pilot's chair. "And," he added, "the Einhart aren't too fond of using the same weapons the empire uses."
Argus noticed a hexagon in the bottom right corner of his panel. "What does this do?" he asked.
"Never press it unless I tell you to," Alan said. "The Umbra will be useless afterwards."
"And right before?" Argus asked.
"Hopefully whatever it is we wanted destroyed will be dust, and we can just float until someone rescues us. The darkspace engine is our main source of power, but it can be a weapon in a pinch." Alan sat back and zoomed in on the flame that had spurted out of the Edict. It was subsiding, replaced by heavy smoke that poured from its hull. He thought he saw a flash of white inside the smoke but couldn't be sure. "Aki, look for anomalies around the smoke. Did anything make it out?" 
"Scanning," she said, moving her fingers through her light console. "Unknown wave form detected."
"Magnify," Alan said.
The screen enlarged, showing a white sphere hanging in the air, its radiance shining even through the layers of smoke that strove to obscure it. It fell slowly to the earth, drifting as if being blown by a gentle wind. It wound its way to the space below the Edict and hung there. Twisting black lines ran across the sphere's surface, making it look like a seed. It split, and Alan had to look away as he was blinded by a brilliant flash. When he opened his eyes again, the seed was no more. In its place were white lines that crisscrossed over one another, like lightning frozen in time, all branching from a single point, roots that found purchase in the air. 
The Edict had also noticed the ball of light beneath it. Alan watched it turn and aim its battery of turrets towards it. Each cannon launched a stream of plasma towards the shining mass beneath the ship. The rays disappeared as soon as they impacted the white roots, and Alan saw no change. Nothing stopped the roots from growing longer. They undulated and extended their reach; their tips reached the fallen buildings of the Galean capital city, plowing through smoldering beams and concrete.
Once the roots were set, a shoot of light rose up from the mass, twisting and winding towards the sky. When it brushed against the enforced hull of the Edict above, it broke through with no resistance. The light carved a hole through the ship as it continued its ascent, leaving an empty path behind it, as if whatever it touched simply disappeared.
Once inside the ship, the trunk of the light tree widened, and from this trunk branches started to form. They teased their way through space, metal and people, without regards to who or what they were. Sheets of glass shattered as the branches found their way to the exterior of the ship. The crewmembers that ran into one of the shining boughs were killed instantly, the atoms of their bodies pulled apart and dispersed by the wind and venting atmosphere. Some people fell to the ground in pieces as the branches sliced through and separated one limb from another.
Alan watched from afar as a tree made of light, taller than any building built on Galea, destroyed a Javelin-class warship. These ships were technological marvels that were the pride of the Sanctum Empire's fleet, and they had conquered dozens of worlds before their might, Alan's homeworld being one of them. Yet, the destruction of the ship was so fast and complete that no escape pods launched from its gutted frame. The trunk of the tree must have gone through the core of the ship, he guessed. No power was left and only hazy red fires could be seen jetting sporadically from the breached areas of the ship.
In a moment, it all faded. The white light, the roots and the tree it had become, vanished. All that was left again was the seed, and as Alan zoomed in on the image, he watched it fall apart, thinning into motes of light that scattered into nothing. Lifeless and without thrust, the Edict fell from where it had floated, the remaining gravitational fluxes inside pulling it into itself, making it look like a pair of crushed pyramids. It fell as if in slow motion, but Alan saw the distorted air whipping behind each of the corners and knew better than to remain on the ground.
 "Hold on," he said. Harnesses wove their way across his body as he repositioned the four engines around the Umbra, watching them swing around on their electric tethers and rotate. He eased the ship upward with his fingers inside the light panel, controlling the individual thrust of each engine, making minute adjustments based on the haptic feedback. Tight blue energy spiraled from each of the four engines. The ship rose smoothly, and Alan got a view of the warship as it crashed into the flaming wreckage of the once great capital of Galea. A dome of dust erupted from the impact site, spreading outward and threatening to engulf the temple of the Erudite and the Umbra with it.
Alan looked at Argus. "That light tree, was that a Galean weapon?"
"I don't even know if that was a weapon," Argus said. "It seemed like the ship just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time." He looked at Alan. "If we had something like that, you can be sure we would've used it at the beginning of the invasion, not at the end."
"Then what was the source?" Alan said. "Aki, switch to infrared and ignore the heat signature from the impact."
The screen shifted and the dust disappeared, replaced with a hazy purple background with blooms of red and yellow that faded as Aki removed the fallen Edict and the burning city from view. All that was left were two pinpricks of red and white speeding away from the wreckage. Alan zoomed in on the image. One flew at a steady speed on a straight course, while the other was erratic and shaky but much faster. If Alan was going to catch up, there wasn't time to go into orbit and risk the two shifting to darkspace. The Umbra would have to go through the dust.
"Shields," Alan said.
Argus fumbled around the controls, looking for any oblong indicator that might've governed a shield or protective device. As he searched, a shimmering layer came across the front of the ship, spreading from concealed generators on the hull. Individual purple squares patched themselves together from the front, briefly blocking their view, and spread upwards and out of sight. As they connected, they lost their coloring and the ravaged landscape of Galea reappeared.
"Shields active. Adjusting strength midflight for incoming projectiles," Aki said. "An estimated three minutes before they are exhausted."
Alan pushed forward with his arms and they dove into the storm. The ship rattled as it entered the swirling dust. Aki heard crackles of electricity as she adjusted the shield to deflect debris that flew in their path, strengthening parts and weakening others as necessary. Argus had always been uncomfortable in the air; he always wanted to keep his feet on solid ground. He never liked the idea of his life in the hands of a pilot, but Alan flew with a steady hand, always keeping his eyes on the two dots. Though their targets traveled fast, the Umbra was faster and gained. As they passed through the center of the impact site, secondary explosions shook the air around them. Alan guided the ship and rolled with the turbulence. For a moment, Aki's hair hung straight up from her head as they flew upside down. Alan righted the ship, and Argus saw giant pieces of melted metal, the remnants of the Edict, draped over the buildings like a shroud.
They could still see nothing but dust when a rhythmic beeping chirped over the noise. "Incoming from Claudia," Aki said.
"Take it," Alan responded, his eyes never leaving the route that only he could see.
Static buzzed over the speakers, replaced by a smooth female voice. "Alan, we detected a giant burst of delta waves from the other side of the planet, where you are. What did you see?" she asked.
"A giant tree," he replied.
"A tree?"
"Yes, a tree made of light." Alan twitched his fingers inside the light console and the three of them were ripped to the right as a hunk of concrete flew past them.
"Traces of the delta waves are still in the area," Claudia continued, "but the source is accelerating and will be out of detection range in thirty seconds. Can you track it?" 
"On it."
"And the Erudite?"
"Taken by Seth. You might want to ask Simmons what the AI decided upon."
He heard her sigh. "Damn it, Simmons," she said. "I'll deal with him later."
"Understood," Alan said as he barely dodged the remnants of a Galean fighter that was blown into the sky with the explosion. A wing hit the Umbra and warning sirens rang.
"That last hit drained a large part of our shield reserves. Recalculated as ten seconds remaining," Aki said.
Alan responded to Claudia. "I'll give you a full report and hopefully something more when we dock with the Aurelius. Umbra out."
As they headed near the edge of the storm, the dust began fading and Alan could make out parts of the sky without infrared. He glanced at Argus. "I'm shifting weapons control over to you. Take out whatever is chasing it." Alan flicked two switches and set weapons to the left console where Argus sat. Just in case, he kept his own fingers resting on the launch triggers, ready to resume control should the Galean fail, or worse, betray him.
Argus nodded and cycled through his options. There was no more dust or debris as they started to clear the atmosphere of Galea and climbed higher. The stars were shining brighter in the darkened sky. He settled on the fastest missiles. Though they had less concussive power, he wouldn't need too much. He aimed at the chasing ship and fired the three missiles in quick succession. The ship they were aiming for, a small black vessel with flared wings and a single pilot, anticipated the projectiles. Slits above its wings retracted, releasing formless gray clumps that spun in the wake of the ship. Each clump separated into smaller marble-shaped pellets. When the missiles neared, the pellets turned crimson and elongated into needles. 
The needles flew towards the incoming projectiles. One needle lodged itself in a missile's plating, turned into a liquid and dissolved the metal underneath it. Another set of needles crammed inside, flooded the circuitry, and melted the guidance core of the missile. The missile fell back to Galea, disarmed. The second missile fell in the same manner, but by then Argus had primed the set of lasers aboard the Umbra. He shot a steady beam of light that burned a path through the red needles. With his left hand, he guided the last missile behind the laser. It dodged a needle and impacted; detonating and blowing a wing off the ship. The small fighter spun away wildly out into space.
"Nice shooting," Alan said.
"The escape pod is nearing darkspace shift speed," Aki said. They all focused their attention on the remaining target.
"Didn't think they could fit an engine on an escape pod," Alan said. A black ring appeared around the escape pod, blotting out the stars and distorting the edges of the pod as the light bent around it.
"Initializing magnets," Argus said. He left the four magnets necessary for the engines under Alan's control and directed the rest towards the escape pod. The black halo slowly faded as the pod lost the speed and energy necessary for the darkspace shift. Argus kept an eye on the pod as he brought it closer to the Umbra. "Where do you want it?" he asked. There was no place to bring it into the ship.
"Keep it outside. We'll tow it back to the Aurelius," Alan said. They picked up speed as Argus stabilized the pod behind them.
"Contacting the Aurelius for newest coordinates," Aki said. "Updating location while in darkspace."
Alan's fingers flew across the light console, highlighting different parts of the ship. Four thumps echoed around them as the tethers of the engines that had been rotating around the Umbra shortened. The engines fastened to the hull.
"Bubble constructed. Dark matter vesicles prepped. Darkspace engine engaged," Aki said.
"Shift," Alan commanded.
The four engines and the main booster glowed black, and then shot them into a dimension of folded and layered time and space. Inside the cockpit, the stars turned red then black as the ship left the visible color spectrum.
Alan dug inside one of his pockets for a small bottle and pulled out two green pills. He put them between his teeth and bit down, feeling the liquid flood his mouth. The Virifen pills tasted bitter as they always had, but he had done it for years and came to enjoy the flavor. He found comfort and peace as the back of his head tingled.
Though the stars never seemed to get closer, the Umbra sped away from Galea. In a flash of light, the ship and the escape pod it towed behind it were gone.

Chapter 4

Darkspace was a wondrous place, and Alan never tired of the jump. The darkspace engine, separate from the four engines that propelled the Umbra through normal space, was hidden away behind layers of shielding and steel deep inside the ship. Most of the time it ran as a generator that provided energy to the systems onboard and supplied the gravity inside the ship. But when activated with a touch from Alan through his light console, the darkspace engine hummed with life, surrounded by black lightning as it altered the space around it. 
A volume of normal space, called the bubble, was preserved around the ship and the escape pod behind it. But in darkspace, where light and other waves were distorted, all that was visible was the engine, floating alone. The darkspace engine remained in darkspace while it was being ferried from one point to another, acting as the link between the dimension it resided in and normal space.
The electricity subsided as it collapsed an area between normal space and darkspace. The Umbra materialized around it, surrounded by a shield that protected it from the physics of a dimension that no scientist from any world or empire fully understood.
"The Uchida sonatas," Alan said to the ship. He removed his hands from the light console. It flickered once and disappeared, leaving behind a surface of brushed metal. Soft music began tinkling through the cockpit as the harness that held him retracted into the seat. The captain's chair was quickly dismantled as nanomachines took it apart molecule by molecule. Alan stood up and stretched, feeling several of his joints pop, his shoulders stretching the limits of his armor as he pressed his arms towards his head.
Argus gazed at the swirl of colors that glanced off the outside of the bubble, creating a fractured rainbow that stretched across the length of the ship. "I've only been in darkspace one other time," he said, his voice tinged with sadness and awe. "Before I was a guard for the Erudite, I accompanied a Galean ambassador to another planet. That was before the Erudite decided we could be self-sufficient, before he decided to close our borders to the outside and the ambassadors were made superfluous."
"That policy didn't work out too well, did it?" Alan said. He beckoned for Argus to follow him into the crew quarters.
Argus wanted to say something, about how he had lost all he had ever known in less than a day, but he was in the company of those he didn't know and decided to remain silent. Despite his training, his heart still ached for the place he had always thought of as home. He took those emotions and locked them away, kept them in a dusty area of his mind that he would try not to visit. As he stood up, he felt a jolt of pain run up his leg and remembered his previous injuries.
When he arrived, Alan was busy brewing something inside the cramped kitchen. Next to it was a small table. Three cups pushed their way out of its surface, made from the table itself as it generated the cups from its own material and then separated them with rings of light. Alan poured a pungent brown liquid into two of them. Argus caught hints of cardamom along with other spices he had never smelled before. Alan raised his cup to him. "To living another day," he said. He tilted his head back and tried to down his drink with one gulp. Some liquid dribbled out of his mouth as the scalding concoction burned his tongue. Argus raised his cup, tiny in his hand, but said nothing. He took a sip. It was bitter yet refreshing, bringing Argus to his senses and relaxing his sore muscles. The pain in his leg eased up a little. 
He watched as the thin and hard armor plates decompressed with a hiss around Alan. They fell to the ground, revealing a suit underneath that was even tighter against the soldier's body, outlining the taut muscles underneath. He didn't look that old to Argus, but his eyes and the way he carried himself suggested lifetimes of experience.
 "Is darkspace still as hard to shift into as before?" Argus asked. "Despite Galea being a center for cultural knowledge, our engineering was sorely lacking."
"The basics remain the same, though the Einhart, combined with Auroran help, have made some improvements. Our scientists on the Aurelius have made progress with the time distortion and bubble flexibility, resulting in fewer casualties than before. You wouldn't normally find a darkspace engine on a ship this small, but since our missions are a little more?urgent, they put one in."
"May I ask what it is your group specializes in?" Argus asked.
"Reconnaissance. Information gathering. Where just a few people would be better than an army. We tend to operate outside of the typical chain of command."
"Oh? In that case, who do you report to?" Argus took another sip of the brew. He felt the heat course through his body, a welcome feeling amidst the coldness of space.
"Claudia Einhart."
"The High Adjudicant!" Argus said, surprised. "Leader of the Einhart?"
"The one and only."
"And she was the one on the com just now?"
Alan nodded.
"If I had known!" Argus held up a hand to his forehead in disbelief. "Are the rumors true?" he asked.
"Rumors surround her like mist," Alan replied.
"You know, the one?" Argus hesitated, his voice dropping to a whisper. "Is it true she sent a whole subfleet retreating with just three ships?" 
"That was before the Aurelius was made. You've done your reading," Alan said, impressed.
"Though I couldn't take part, I went to great lengths to keep on top of the war that went on in the other ends of space. In fact, I always wanted to meet someone from the Einhart, though under different circumstances."
"Yeah, she did rout that subfleet with just three ships. A risky maneuver, but she's always been an excellent if not brutal strategist." Alan massaged one of his shoulders, bruised from the battle before.
They looked up as Aki came in, walking with a fluid grace that made her seem like she knew her way around the inner workings of both ships and men. "I've recalibrated some sensors. If anything happens to that pod we're towing, we'll hear about it," she said, nodding her head towards the back of the ship. She took out a flask and poured a dark green liquid into the remaining cup. She blew on it with gentle puffs to cool it off.
"This is Aki Fushimi from Aurora," Alan said. He turned to her. "What do you think Aki, should we keep him?" he asked jokingly.
Aki looked Argus over. "He's done well so far. Let's see what other tricks he has up his sleeve."
Argus nodded his thanks.
"While I work on behalf of the Einhart, Aki is here for different reasons," Alan said.
"And what reasons might those be?" Argus asked.
"I'm more of a consultant," she said. She sat on the last chair, crossed her legs, and took another sip of her bitter drink. "My sister was captured by the empire a long time ago."
"I'm sorry to hear that," Argus said.
"She was careless," Aki responded, her voice controlled and practiced. She spoke with a hint of the Auroran accent, the words layered with silk as they left her lips. "There's no hope of getting her back, so I've been assigned to terminate her. Signs of Auroran technology have been seen in some newer Sanctum weapons, so we believe she's been leaking information."
"No Auroran would willingly give up your secrets to the Sanctum Empire," Argus said. "The empire could afford your services, I'm sure."
"No, no agent would," she agreed. "But it's not willingly. You know of Lady Vijera?"
"Yes, the Lady Gemini. I've read about her." Argus said.
"There's a reason she's called that," she said. 
Argus's eyes widened. "Your sister? She merged with your sister?"
Aki nodded. "My sister, Rin. Her will is strong and she fights it." She let a smile flash across her lips. "It's said that the Emperor himself has had to use his own strength to keep my sister under control."
"We never knew who Vijera merged with," Argus said. "We only knew of her as the most unstable of the children."
"Vijera wasn't ever stable. Even before the merge my sister was as beautiful as she was strong. Nobody could ever keep Rin down and Vijera was no match. Merging with Rin created a lunatic, but a lunatic with the skills of an Auroran assassin. I am here to assist Alan, since he seems to come across her often," she said. Alan pulled back the collar of his suit, revealing a long scar across his shoulder. "Until she's taken care of," Aki said, "I'll be around. If you ever see her, let me know where she is." She got up. "I'll prep a medbed for your leg. Come to the back when you're done." She got up and went through a door that led deeper into the ship.
Alan waited till she left. "You should see her with a rifle. Light-based or metal, she is an amazing markswoman," he said. He leaned and whispered, "But she can't operate the weapons on the Umbra worth shit. I'm glad you're-" Argus shot his hand out and pulled Alan's head to the side as a knife spun through the air, missing Alan's ear by inches. It landed into the table with a thud, its edge bright against the dark handle. "She also has great hearing," Alan said, smiling.
After they finished their drinks, the table absorbed the cups back into itself, filtering out the waste and transferring it into the ship's biogenerator. The biomass would be recycled for other uses.
Argus got up and winced as his leg throbbed.
"We'll take care of that in the back," Alan said. "Come on."
Argus felt his eyelids getting heavier. The adrenaline was leaving his system, and coupled with the blood loss, he found himself lightheaded as he stood up. He grabbed a chair for support. Alan came over and put a hand underneath his shoulder to prop him up, though his legs buckled under the large man's weight. 
"Just?a few?steps?over there." Alan struggled to speak and move at the same time. He half-set and half-tossed Argus into the medbed. Aki returned and put his feet up so that his whole body was inside it, though he barely fit. A clear green shield came over Argus. The medbed analyzed his leg, listing a series of medicines and procedures. Argus nodded his thanks. The last thought he remembered was how grateful he was these two had helped him.

Chapter 5

Sanctuary, the throneworld and foundation of the Sanctum Empire, was one of the empire's greatest achievements. Light shone from above, washing over the deep valleys and even deeper forests in a layer of light.
The small planet was in the shape of a disk. It was mostly untouched, a pristine home for its unique inhabitants. A large bird, called a rukh by Sanctuary's few humans, flew near the treetops. Its wings skimmed the edges of trees and knocked leaves free as it searched for prey on the ground. Bright blue plumage that mimicked the sky made it invisible from below. Upon seeing a big furry animal dozing in the shade, it flapped its wings once and dove towards the ground with talons outstretched, thinking it had found an easy meal.
A tree, seemingly no different than the others, shook its leaves once and parted its branches. A gaping maw emerged from the top. Sharp teeth gleamed for a moment before the whole trunk stretched and shot up. They clutched the diving bird by one of its wings and dragged it inside its mouth. The bird struggled and squawked, but the branches returned, their leaves and sprigs weaving into each other, creating a net that made escape impossible. The cries of the bird were abruptly silenced with one snap of the arboreal's jaws. A clump of blue feathers floated to the ground and the tree stopped moving. Ever hungry, the arboreal balanced the corpse of the furry animal on one of its roots, moving it up and down in a simulation of deep breathing.
But the forest had its edges. In the middle of Sanctuary was a city. The nobility and their servants lived within, and all prayed to the emperor once when they awoke and once before they slept. All inhabitants of the city were sent as tributes, a reminder to their respective homeworlds that the empire always had at least one of their own as hostage.
The homes and buildings that dotted the city all faced in one direction, bowing as if in homage. And in that one direction there stood a palace, tall and mighty, the curved roofs of its towers challenging the sky. Floating gardens obscured the view of the palace from the rest of Sanctuary, and in the center of the palace was the tallest tower, the citadel.
Inside the citadel, Seth, Voice of the Empire, knelt upon the floor. Sunlight streamed in through the chamber for there was no ceiling to block it. It illuminated a crystal throne, a prize from another world, rumored to lengthen the life of whoever who sat in it. He continued kneeling as he heard the slurping, wet noises that signaled the beginning of the merge. Though he himself had done it twice before, the sounds always sickened him, as flesh dissolved and was broken down into its most basic of components. Yet the sounds also brought with them a sense of excitement, of a future limited not by what one was, but only by what one would be.
He risked a glance upward and saw the face of the Erudite of Galea, frozen in a mask of fear. The rest of his body was also paralyzed, encased in a block of ice. Only his eyes could dart back and forth, looking for help that would never find him.
The Erudite had been arrogant, Seth thought, and he deserved to lose his position. And to be merged with the emperor himself! Seth felt the honor might've been too high for such an incompetent ruler, but his father had a reason for everything he did. Even with the power of three minds, Seth had only begun to understand some of the emperor's plans, plans that were convoluted, complex, and baffling. Yet the result was always another territory under Sanctum control.
The merge was starting. Cocooning was always a delicate process, needing the utmost physical and mental control. A thick membrane had already wrapped around the emperor and started to cover the Erudite. Seth remained kneeling through the entire process, entertaining himself by finding patterns amongst the tiles of white stone, decorated with renderings of the orbits of planets and the formation of stars. 
At last the sounds stopped. Seth stood up and looked at the current incarnation of the emperor, a purple chrysalis that stood taller than he did. It was in the shape of a drop of water, and Seth wondered if it looked that way because of how large the Erudite had been. The purple became muted as a thick layer of frost spread out from the top and made its way down to the bottom, covering it in jagged protrusions. Seth put his hands around the cocoon, and his skin burned as it touched the ice. With a gentle push he lifted it up, cutting himself on the icicles as he did so. The cocoon floated upward, past three curved spires that jutted up and away from the top of the palace. Along the cocoon's bottom, a rim of frost began to appear and separated. Each granule of frost pulled water from the air and expanded into a shard of ice. They stuck together, forming a crown that turned underneath the cocoon.
Seth watched as the cocoon settled in the center of the three spires, held aloft through the emperor's power. Light cast itself upon the ice cocoon. The refracted beams of light shot across the throneworld, creating a dazzling jewel that sat atop the citadel. Rainbows danced across the landscape as the ring of frost underneath slowly rotated. All would know of the emperor's glory as it cast its brilliance across the land.
Back on the ground, Seth looked at his hands, watching as the cuts from the ice sealed themselves together. The bleeding stopped as muscles and sinews grew back. His skin fused over the wounds and no trace of the damage was left; all that remained was a thin line of blood. He expected a servant to have brought him a towel by now, but he remembered the throne room was still partitioned off. No one outside of the royal family could see the merge.
He stood next to the throne and laid his hand upon the side of the chair, resting it on a protrusion of quartz. His foot tapped a pattern into the stones behind the throne, feeling each tile sink into the ground as he pressed it. With a click, the walls that surrounded the throne room descended, retreating back into the sides of the tower with a rumble.
The chamber became a large platform as the walls fell away. Seth stood out in his purple robes, his shoulder still stained red from the bullet Alan landed, the only one he could remember in recent memory. Surrounding him below the steps were prostrate figures; knees bent under their stomachs and palms flat against the floor. They were covered in the black shrouds that all nobility wore within the palace.
Here, at the top of the citadel where the wind was most fierce, those that did not kneel or plaster themselves to the ground were blown off the platform. But Seth stood tall and strong. Though his robes rippled and billowed around him, he did not bend and he did not yield.
Seth, the Voice of the Empire, spoke. "His holiness the emperor, ruler of the Terra Sanctum and the worlds under his command, has broken the confines of his mortality and is in cocoon." His voice was powerful and resonant, cutting through the wind itself. All who heard it wished to be closer to the source of such sound, even if it announced their own demise. Though the nobility came from different worlds, their hearts were moved. In their fervor, some of them murmured in ecstasy or wept in the presence of the emperor, blinded by the rays of light refracted from the crown.
"I, Seth," he continued, "the First Prince of the empire, will be the voice of the emperor in his stead." When no bolt of ice came from the cocoon to strike Seth down, the nobility believed him. They touched their foreheads to the ground to show respect for the interim ruler.
The nobles scampered aside as Seth walked to the edge of the platform that held the throne. Its view and height were unparalleled by anything else on Sanctuary. Seth himself had thrown a few people off of the precipice, from a height so far up that even he could not hear their bodies shatter upon the gardens below. He looked past the forest of arboreals and the city that lay beyond it, beyond the streams and rivers that plunged off the sides of the disk. He thought he could do a better job of ruling than his father did. He would prove it to his father, the rest of the family, and even the low nobility with their faces against the stone. What his father could not accomplish he would, for the fires of ambition burned brightly in his merged soul, and he would not rest until there was no more resistance to the empire; until he could rightfully claim the position of emperor as his own.

Chapter 6

"This is Alan Belmont of the Umbra, requesting permission to dock with the Aurelius."
Alan and Aki sat next to each other at their light consoles. Argus remained blissfully asleep inside the medbed.
A female voice responded. It was so controlled, Alan wasn't sure if it was an AI or a human he was talking to. "Please describe the item in tow behind your ship," she said.
"It's an escape pod, the source of the delta waves above Galea. Check with Claudia." Now that he was so close to setting foot on the Aurelius, Alan chafed at the bureaucratic procedures. 
Just the docking bay alone spanned the entire view of the Umbra's cockpit, but Alan remembered when it was nothing more than an idea. From its inception, the Aurelius had been built as a floating city, a necessary center for the Einhart as their rebellion had gained traction. It had become such a hodgepodge of different buildings and sections that, in its entirety, it could never enter a planet before entry stresses tore it apart. It followed a rough pattern, but haphazardly added circular habitation platforms, each housing thousands, sprang out at sharp angles.
In the center of the mass stood three transparent domes made from hexagonal plates, each one looking like a gigantic version of an insect's compound eye. Under each dome were fields of vegetables and fruits that could be grown in a week, along with protein synthesis farms that used engineered bacteria to produce chains of complex nutrient additives.
At the bottom was the command module, the largest of the Garuda-class supercarriers of the Einhart, the core of the Aurelius. Though it made up less than an eighth of the total space of the complex, it had enough energy to power a facility twice the size of the city it held on its back. It was hidden away behind layers of plating, the first of which had begun to open. The triangular slats spun away into thick walls, revealing another layer of metal. Six sentry drones, long and white with glowing red sensors atop bulbous heads, detached from the inside of the slats and flanked the Umbra. Light flooded the cockpit as they scanned the ship.
The voice returned. "Please release your cargo and lower your shields." Alan flicked some switches within the light console and the magnets spun out of alignment. The escape pod floated free.
Three of the sentries left and charged their own magnets, pulling the pod into the middle of the circle they formed, then started spinning around it. When they reached a speed where they all began to blur together and the escape pod couldn't be seen, laser blasts from their heads eliminated trace particles and contaminants upon it. They escorted it to another portion of the ship while the three remaining sentries did the same thing with the Umbra. Ship sensors picked up focused heat signatures as remnants from their journey in Galea were vaporized.
"Scans show you have an unexpected life form aboard the Umbra. Please explain."
Alan looked back at the crew quarters. "He was one of the Erudite's guards and may have valuable information concerning the empire. He sustained injuries to his leg when we were on Galea; the medbed onboard stabilized him, but I'd like to give him a full physical aboard the Aurelius."
"Understood. A medical team will be waiting." A pause, then the voice softened into someone Alan recognized. "I'm glad you're back, Second Medium. Your usual spot has been reserved for the Umbra in Dock B. I'd offer you the tractor, but I'm sure you don't need it."
Alan smiled. "So it was you, Bri," he said. The remaining three sets of shielding retracted into the walls of the Aurelius and Alan guided the Umbra forward. "I was debating whether or not it was a computer. It's hard to tell the AI from the humans nowadays."
"Sorry Alan. We're under higher security here ever since the sudden attack on Galea and can't take chances. We've been picking up their survivors as their escape craft arrive, but there haven't been many."
"I understand, Bri. Everything good at home?"
"Now that you're back," she said.
Alan could hear the smile on the other end. Behind the layers of plating, the dock had come into view. Alan guided the Umbra into the cavernous belly of the Aurelius. Recessed lamps flooded the giant chamber with light, illuminating the other much larger warships inside. Gravity was disabled inside the docking bay and the crew floated within it, bringing supplies and equipment to and from the ships with minute thrusts from the jet packs located in their suits. They retrieved materials and supplies from crates located on the floor, walls, and ceiling, though it was hard to tell which surface was which. A crew member loaded a cluster of missiles into one of the largest ships in the bay, while another checked and calibrated dark matter receptacles that were slated for maintenance.
Alan fit the Umbra on one of the middle decks, between a freighter and an exploratory craft. With a few feet to either side, Alan parked it in the snug space.
The engines powered down as Alan locked the ship, restraining it with cables that attached from the bay. While the crew was gone, these cables would also run diagnostics, supplement missing raw materials and supplies, while the small, four-legged, mechanical repatons would scurry about and perform minor fixes.
He headed into the back of the Umbra where Aki was already waiting. The medbed had healed a large part of the wound, but Argus was still unconscious. The two of them hoisted Argus up onto their shoulders. The large man's armor had already been removed and lay to the side in pieces, but they still needed all of their strength to get him out of the ship and out into the docking bay.
Alan breathed a sigh of relief as they entered the zero-g. He pushed off the side of the Umbra and guided them with the railing. A pair of orderlies wearing white uniforms stood nearby and hurried over to Argus. They grabbed his arms and torso and deposited him into the floating bed. He groaned as they shifted his leg into position. A translucent green cover came out from one side of the medbed and covered Argus in a protective dome, displaying his vital signs. Alan watched the little wave move up and down. The man's heart beat strongly.
"He'll be in the sector two medical bay if you'd like to see his recovery, Second Medium," an orderly said. He took a quick glance at the chart beamed atop the cover. "Most of it has healed, so it shouldn't take more than a few hours to get him functional again."
"Take a look at his levels and supplement anything he might be missing. I want him in top shape," Alan said. He hoisted his supplies onto his shoulder as the orderly ran calculations.
"As you wish, Second Medium." The two orderlies pushed off, bringing Argus with them. They dodged and wove their way through the web made from the stream of crew and supplies, moving with skill honed from years of practice, until they reached a lane that led to the bay doors. Alan and Aki followed in their wake.
As the orderlies were about to leave the bay, they paused, set the medbed onto the floor and bowed low to the staircase above them. Though he couldn't see her, Alan knew who was coming.
All the mechanics, welding and tinkering, holstered their tools. Crew that floated in midair with boxes of equipment between them became quiet and spun to face the doorway. It seemed like even the machines had stopped their humming.
A guard barked out, "High Adjudicant on deck!" The guard bowed his head down, his face stern and his posture unyielding.
The docking bay had become silent. Alan heard the firm footfalls of boots with hard heels striking against the floor.
Claudia Einhart was a sharp woman, both in mind and body. The drab, green military uniform that was standard for the soldiers of the Einhart was tailored into a suit for her tall frame. It hung upon her shoulders and cinched in at her slender waist, making her seem more masculine than she was. Though she was the High Adjudicant of the Einhart, the only decoration she allowed herself was a cravat with a jeweled wave pinned to it, the stylized crest of the Einhart house, tucked under her vest. Golden hair flowed out behind her, reaching almost to her knees. It was pulled tight against her head, kept tied back with a small black ribbon, though bangs still stuck out over her forehead. As she entered the dock, the long braid took a life of its own in the absence of gravity, undulating behind her.
Upon her angular face were two green eyes that scanned the room in an instant, taking in and etching everything into her memory. Alan looked into those eyes and felt as if they could see into his past, and he almost lowered his own out of shame. But he held his head high. He and Aki were the only ones to do so.
Claudia nodded once and the dock came back to life as people returned to their duties. Some people were slow to resume work; their gazes lingered on the High Adjudicant.
"Welcome home, Alan," Claudia said. Her voice was commanding yet soft, requiring no volume to assert authority.
"It's good to be back," Alan said. He held a big black case that contained his equipment, and another duffel bag that had the rest of his supplies from the mission.
"Walk with me," Claudia said. She turned around and pushed herself back into the doorway, her feet landing with two clicks upon the floor.
Alan nodded to Aki. She went back into the ship to get her own belongings. Near the door, he drifted to a translucent box, scratched and dented with years of use, and placed his items inside it. Affectionately called "the pipe" by everyone aboard the Aurelius, it served as the internal transport system of the capital ship, using pressure and vacuum to deliver packages and other goods throughout. Alan scanned his hand on a nearby panel. After confirming the location of his living quarters, a lid closed down on the box. His belongings were sucked into the tube and disappeared.
He turned and entered the hallway, bending his knees to absorb the shock as the gravity pulled him to the floor. Claudia was a few steps ahead of him and he hurried to catch up to her. A part of her ponytail brushed against his arm as he kept pace with her.
They made a right through a corridor that seemed identical to the one they had just been in, the gray metal walls decorated with a continuous knot that looked like a long ocean wave, the crest of the Einhart. Anyone they met quickly stuck their backs to their wall and held their heads down in respect. After passing a few more people, they strode together in silence into a small compartment, with buttons on the side designating different areas of the ship. Claudia ignored all the buttons and pressed her hand against the side of a compartment wall, where hidden sensors scanned her biometrics. The lights inside turned blue, bathing them in an aqua glow. The lift started moving, powered by supercooled magnets that pushed against railings that lined most areas of the ship.
When it was just the two of them, Claudia breathed out and relaxed her shoulders. She turned to Alan. "One can never be too careful, the walls have ears and they hear what they want," she said. 
"How was the last excursion to find Sanctuary?" Alan asked.
"A failure," she said, recalling the reports. "I've stopped watching the live feed and just wait for the results now."
"What happened?"
"An ambush happened. We lost another three ships on a false tip. Not one of the scouts made it back."
"We've always had scouts to spare."
"Three more families to contact, three more souls to commemorate." Claudia looked at Alan. "We have enough support and resources, but we need to put them in the right place. I want an end to this fruitless search."
"So do I," Alan responded. "It's like chasing a shadow in darkspace." He gazed out at sea of stars. "I wonder if we'll ever find the throneworld."
"We will. But right now, I'd like some good news. What did you see on Galea?"
Alan fished inside one of his pockets for a small green chip and handed it to Claudia. "This is what we saw," he said.
"I wish I could've seen this earlier, but with Sanctum trackers all over darkspace it's good we waited." She inserted the chip into her wristband and it projected an image in front of them.
"These were the recordings from the Umbra. When you contacted me, a giant tree had just destroyed the Javelin-class warship, the Edict," Alan said.
Claudia nodded. "I saw from our ships on the other side of the Galea. We did what we could to evacuate the population there, but when we arrived the empire was mostly finished. They didn't leave much to rescue."
"It must've been serious if you participated."
"I was linked with the Aurelius and coordinated rescue efforts from here; it's easier when there's only one person directing. But I'm more interested in what happened over their capital city."
They watched the video together.
"The Edict had already begun to vaporize the remnants of the city when there was an explosion from inside the ship," Alan explained, pointing out areas of the battle. "After that, there was a small white dot; you can see it here, almost like a seed. It fell to the bottom of the ship, where it split and a tree started to grow out of it." He followed it with his finger in the projection as it fell. "At this point, it appears the ship shielding also failed."
"What did the tree do?" she asked.
"It went through all the armor and destroyed the ship in seconds."
She watched the light tree grow its way through the Edict. "Seems like the Edict had no defense against it."
"None. In moments, this tree blew through plating that normally would've required the full armory of three of our warships to get through. The strange thing is, when it happened, the Umbra didn't detect any heat signatures. Seemed like whatever the light went through just disappeared. And when it was finished, it just vanished. It left the Edict so full of holes it collapsed on itself."
The video ended as the compartment came to a halt with a ding. "I'll send this over to engineering to have it looked at further," Claudia said.
They stepped out. Two wooden doors closed behind them, and Alan could feel the slight change in pressure behind him as the compartment left. He found himself standing on a crest of the Einhart carved out of marble. The ceilings were low, for space was always at a premium on the Aurelius, but it was luxuriously furnished. He whistled appreciatively.
"You've been away too long," Claudia said as she walked, allowing herself a brief smile that no one would see.
A butler stood by and opened the door. It was old-fashioned, complete with a brass knob. Alan couldn't remember the last time he had seen it. The butler bowed and asked, "Will the High Adjudicant be having company for dinner tonight?" 
Alan was suddenly aware of how dirty his clothes were and just how much dust from Galea still clung to him. He felt as if he were sullying the room by just being there.
"I-" he started to say, but Claudia held up a hand and silenced him. 
She looked at the butler. "Set the table for two," she said. The butler nodded and disappeared.
They walked into the dining area, where a tablecloth was draped over a heavy granite table bolted to the floor. As she walked past it, Claudia let her fingers trail across the linen.
Alan knew that this table had seen the highest level of negotiations between the Einhart and the worlds that sought their protection. Decisions that saved and damned countless people were made here, and alliances were forged on this surface, some of which were broken later.
And once, when Alan was away on a mission, an assassin managed to gain entry into Claudia's chambers. Alan watched the recording-after a brief fight that involved broken plates on the floor and sauces on the walls, Claudia threw the assassin onto the table and pulled back the mask that protected his neck. She grabbed the knife she had been using, still with bits of vegetables and meat stuck to it, and pulled it across his throat. The tablecloth had absorbed most the blood so cleanup hadn't taken long.
Claudia took a seat at the head of the table and gestured to the chair on her left, pulling Alan out of his memories. He went to the chair and sat. Alan sank into the rich upholstery, so different than the fabricated command chair he was used to sitting in. The butler scurried around them, placing utensils of different shapes and sizes in rows next to china that was decorated with the symbol of the Einhart on its rims, the continuous knot winding and flowing across its surface. He picked up one of the utensils. It looked like a fork with three tines, except the ones on the sides were bent outwards. 
Claudia saw him studying it. "It's for variety," she said. The butler set down a plate of meats and soft cheeses, some of which Alan had never seen before. Claudia poked one of the prongs into a thin slice of marbled meat, and another into some kind of pungent leaf. She put both tines into her mouth and appeared to savor the flavors. Alan mimicked her.
"There is an art to putting things together in combinations that one might not suspect are good at first," she said. "With three tines, you have the choice of what you want, and an extra prong, for the freedom to experiment."
The meal continued with a root plant that took the shape of a fractal, colors breaking all over its surface and spreading across tiny points, giving Alan the impression that he was eating glass. But when it touched his tongue it dissolved into something that was so soft and buttery he barely had to chew. Alan wanted to stick his tongue out to see what color it had turned, but he resisted the urge.
In between bites of a meat he didn't know the name of from a planet he hadn't heard of, he asked, "Are you worried? We don't know what's inside the escape pod we brought back to the Aurelius. It could be a weapon that the empire has been dying to get aboard our ship."
Claudia put her spoon down. "That's what the earlier scans were for. We couldn't confirm if there was a life form inside it, so engineering has the pod stored away in a remote and detached bay normally reserved for experiments. If it's a new weapon that the empire has developed and we have it, it may just be what we need. Who knows, it might even lead us to Sanctuary."
"Wouldn't that be nice," Alan said. "Bringing the fight to them. Still, I'm more concerned with our performance on Galea."
"What bothers you? You did as you were ordered and performed well, as always."
"We arrived late. If we had gone earlier-"
Claudia held up a hand to dismiss his train of thought. "That was the choice of their Erudite and the rules he followed to govern his people. We did what we could in the time we were given." She looked him in the eyes. "You can't save them all, Alan." She took another sip of her soup, the spoon barely touching her lips. "Speaking of which, I heard you brought one of them back."
Alan nodded. He suddenly found the seasonings inside the soft and creamy pile of mashed vegetables very interesting and didn't look up.
"You know it is against regulation to take on soldiers without proper training," Claudia continued. "We need to make sure he is dedicated to our cause, that he is a good fit for the Einhart before we let him fight our fight."
Alan nodded again. "But he was also one of the Erudite's guards," he said. "He held Seth at bay for a few seconds, which is more than what most soldiers of other conquered worlds could say. Please Claudia, let me have this one."
She thought for a moment. "Simmons would be unhappy," she said, though her eyes betrayed the mirth behind her words. "At least five broken rules."
"All the more reason to do it," Alan responded. She chuckled at his remark. "I don't know why you made him a Second Medium as well," Alan said.
"He has his strengths and weaknesses, just as you do Alan."
"When I spoke to him on Galea, he told me the AIs chose not to pursue Seth. Did they really decide against destroying the Prince?" he asked. 
"Two out of the three did. Atropos took your side, as she always has," she said. "But because of our rescue efforts, Galea, or what is left of it, is now our ally. Their people will support us and our cause. It wouldn't be good if it were known we killed their leader. It's better to use his death as a tool against the empire."
"But it was the First Prince, the Voice himself. He was right there above me."
"I'm not sure even destroying his vessel could've killed Seth," Claudia said. "From what we know, he is the result of three merged princes and is still in one piece mentally. Who knows what he can sustain?"
Alan let the matter drop. What was past was past, and soon Alan forgot about it. They moved on to the final course of the meal, a clear jelly that was suffused with the essence of a plant Alan couldn't pronounce.
"Though we can't compete with the empire in terms of conscripted men, what we lack in numbers we make up for with passion," Claudia said. "There are those here that are willing to fight, like you, when you first arrived from Cybele. The academies are full; they've gotten so large we've had to split them into multiple satellites. There wouldn't be any space to train?what's his name?"
"Argus Volgren."
"Another A name. It'll be hard to keep you all apart."
"You wouldn't need to if we were together as a team," Alan said, pushing the point.
"I do have to commend you in some way, and I can't promote you because you're right below me?"
"The only thing I would like is Argus," Alan said.
She debated as she sipped the jelly from a small glass. "Very well," she said. "I trust your judgment." Even Alan was flattered by the highest praise Claudia could give. "He will have access to information pertaining to you, Aki and your missions. But if he appears as a threat to the Einhart in any-"
"He won't," Alan said. "He is skilled and thoughtful. And if he's going to be a problem, well, I would be the first to correct my mistake."
Claudia nodded. "We are agreed."
They finished the rest of their meal in silence. Precisely one hour after he had entered, Claudia bid him farewell. The butler escorted him to the pipe where a lift was waiting for him. When he arrived in his own apartment, he took two more Virifen pills and entered an empty home.

Chapter 7

Argus found him where he thought he'd find him; half-naked and sprawled across a small clearing on the ground, an empty bottle lying next to him. Argus knelt and shook Alan gently with his hand, but he didn't stir from his slumber. Alan only cradled the bottle between his arms, the moonlight reflecting off the green glass. 
Argus lied down next to him, his body barely fitting within the cramped space. He looked up at the sky, illuminated by one moon that was falling toward the horizon, its brilliance bathing a field of wheat in a hazy glow, making it look like an ocean trembling under the weight of its own waves. He studied the stars, stars in positions he had never seen before, and when he closed his eyes he could almost feel the breeze that wound through the golden stalks around him. And for the first time since he had left Galea, Argus felt a sense of who he used to be. He dug into his memory and recited:

"I have always preferred the night
with its gentle slopes
leading to steep cliffs,
Seeing things only I can see.
Before sunlight 
melts my dreams."

It was from the Book of Rudera, a poet he had found and come to like during his studies on Galea. Alan stirred from his slumber and opened one sleepy eye to gaze at the large man next to him in the wheat field.
He yawned. "Am I dreaming?" he asked sleepily. His voice was gravelly and his breath was tinged with spirits.
"If you were, I'd be flattered," Argus responded.
Alan's smile cracked the dried trail of saliva that ran down his chin. He turned until he faced the sky, the moonlight making his skin look paler than it was, covering the scars on his chest and arms in a white blanket. "I was supposed to go see you in the med bay," he said. "You weren't supposed to come see me." His words were muffled as he rolled over into a pillow. He didn't remember pulling it off the couch while he slept; must've been out of habit.
Argus continued to gaze at the moon. "It's amazing how fast we can heal with the right tools." 
"Yeah, you'll be pissing out nanodocs for a week," Alan said.
"I had a chance to read up on those machines while I was recovering. Fascinating what they can do." There was no pain when Argus flexed his leg. They could've removed the scar, but he wanted to keep it as a reminder of his own failure. The largest civilian clothes they had in the med bay ripped at the seams as soon as he pulled them over his head, but thankfully, a uniform and a set of field garments in his size had been delivered to his new room, along with the location of Alan's living quarters. Argus had changed into his new military garb, wearing the dark green of the Einhart. He enjoyed the feeling of the uniform. It gave him a sense of belonging, even though it was tight around the chest and the colors were different from what he was used to. 
"You look at the stars as if you've never seen them before," Alan said from the pillow.
"They really are beautiful. So different from what we had on Galea," Argus said. "The city lights made it impossible to see them like this." He tried to find the animal constellations he had heard of. When he only saw the skyline of the city he missed in the stars, he made up some of his own, connecting imaginary lines between the spheres scattered across the sky.
Alan turned and stretched. "But from what I saw, there was always something to do in the evenings in Galea." Alan looked at the expanse of wheat surrounding them. "Back on Cybele, all we could do was lay down and look up. See which one of us could get off the rock first; which one of us could get rid of the smell of dirt from our clothes the fastest."
"It's funny how much we think we know when we're younger," Argus said.
Alan propped himself up on his elbows. He pointed to a blip in the distance. A small light sat atop the fields, barely distinguishable from the sea of yellow. "I was born there. Grew up on that farm. You wouldn't believe the stink."
Argus looked at where he pointed. "If you could go back, would you?"
Alan remained silent and gazed at the light. He could make out the faint outline of the house that surrounded it, but there his memory blurred and so did the image, and beyond it was nothing more than a haze. He remembered the musk of the livestock and a big red barn that he had played in. But its size and shape had been lost along with his childhood.
Alan turned to look at Argus. "Why are you here?" he asked.
Argus sat up. "The High Adjudicant is ready to open the pod we brought back."
"Time?" Alan asked. 
"In thirty minutes. One of the scientists was concerned when you couldn't be reached, so I came to fetch you. Though he seemed more worried that the High Adjudicant would ask him where you were."
Alan stood up, balancing on one leg since the other had gone numb. He reached out into the wheat field and pressed his finger down on an invisible button in the air. The field, moon, and stars around them flashed and receded, swallowed up by the holographic display in the center of the room. It was a small cube that took up little space on Alan's one table. All it left behind were empty walls and memories.
"I'll be waiting outside," Argus said.

Chapter 8

Fifteen minutes later, the engineer sighed in relief as Alan strode into view with Argus behind him. They were in a testing facility, a module separate from the Aurelius created as a containment unit for things that were deemed too unsafe to bring onto the ship itself. Argus watched as the docking tube that brought them here retracted back into the main body of the ship and left them floating alone.
Claudia was already there, standing in the center and back. Surrounding her were a dozen guards that were spread out across the room, their faces stern and their guns held in firm grips. In the row of control panels that lined the thick windows, Aki sat at a light console with the other engineers. They viewed charts and graphs that had lines bouncing up and down them as sensors measured particle and wave concentrations. The engineers wore white uniforms similar to the medics, except for a green stripe that ran across their arms and backs. 
Another engineer was calibrating the mechanical arms for use inside the test chamber. Two giant metal hands stretched from the ceiling, connected to the chamber with purple electrical tethers similar to the ones used by the engines of the Umbra. They shifted position slightly as the engineer raised his hands and light projected onto his hands and forearms, tracing the contour and position of his extended arms. He flexed his fingers. Though they were hundreds of times larger than his hand, the robotic digits inside the testing chamber made the same movements he did. The hiss of the hydraulics came through the speakers. He lifted his arms and the robotic counterparts followed, first from the floor to the ceiling. With a tap of his foot, he locked them into place and awaited orders.
As they walked toward the assembled group, Alan gave Argus a black square patch that looked like a sticker. "Just in case of depressurization," he said. Argus didn't see how a synthetic patch that fit in the palm of his hand could protect him from space, but he kept it in his pocket and saved his questions for later. Claudia glanced at them as they arrived.
An engineer turned around. "Preparations are ready, ma'am."
Claudia nodded. "Bring the capsule into the quarantine zone," she said.
A set of blast doors opened, revealing stars and nebulas behind it. Still tethered to the outside of the testing facility was the escape pod, its silver hull battered and blackened. The engineer manipulated the mechanical hands. He guided the fingers and palms around the capsule and locked them in place. The tethers decoupled from the capsule and retracted as the two hands guided it inside. The blast doors closed and the testing chamber repressurized with a blast of air.
"Object is secure, ma'am," he said. 
"Wave concentrations are within normal ranges," another reported.
"Check for outbound transmissions," Claudia said.
The observation deck turned dark. Scanners mounted on the walls of the chamber swept waves of red light across the capsule and everything else in the room. "There are residual darkspace signatures," the engineer reported, "suggesting it has some kind of generator onboard, but other than that, it's clear, ma'am."
"Open it," she said.
Two digits separated themselves from the hands and probed the surface for a latch. They clicked and tapped and pulled at anything that stuck out, but nothing happened. When they could find no way to open it, the engineers whispered among themselves. 
One brave engineer spoke up. "Ma'am, the vessel has been tampered with. The normal opening mechanisms for this kind of craft are not there," she said. "We normally look for a latch that can be accessed manually from the outside, but this one doesn't seem to have any such device."
"Find one," Claudia said.
Thick wires came down from the ceiling and the walls, anchoring the capsule into place, holding it like an orb in the middle of a web. The hands split into ten separate fingers, each one controlled by an engineer. The digits hovered over the surface, each trying to find an access port.
They still couldn't find anything after a few more minutes of searching. With each passing moment more beads of sweat grew on the engineers' foreheads as they kept the High Adjudicant waiting. Most knew that she was not a patient woman, and those that didn't know soon found out. She began tapping one foot and the engineers doubled the speed of their commands.
While they worked, Aki continued scanning the vessel. She overlaid image upon image, pieced together data from the graphs, and realized something. "It's waiting for an input," she said. "Since there isn't any physical interface, I'm assuming it has to be wave-based." She set a wave routine into the computer by holding her thumb down on a button on her console and selecting the pattern with her free fingers. 
"If I may," she said, glancing at the engineers. They stopped reluctantly. "Thank you. Commencing bombardment." She had the computer cycle through various combinations of waves, from infrared to ultraviolet, sound to pressure. The quarantine chamber darkened as light waves from the visible spectrum were removed. After that, the chamber glowed a rainbow of colors as different waves hit the escape pod and bounced off. But none seemed to work. A couple engineers snickered but a stern look from Alan and they were quiet again.
"Computer, display the waveform observed on Galea. The delta waves," Aki said. A series of jagged peaks and valleys traced in blue appeared. "Replicate and bombard," she said.
There it was. A slight dip in the readings as the ship absorbed them. But it still didn't open.
"Delta waves absorbed," she said. "We're getting closer."
"The human brain wave?" an engineer asked. 
Aki nodded. "But the computer recreated it through a spatial medium, changing its innate properties. And it requires a whole host of other triggers it seems." She turned and looked at Claudia. "We need someone to go down there."
The engineers shuffled uneasily in their chairs, more focused on their consoles than ever before. If and when the pod opened, no one knew what would come out of it. The empire had played such tricks before. Whole stations had been destroyed by a well-hidden bomb or by biologics kept in stasis. And it was strange that an escape pod would have a darkspace drive attached, normally reserved for more important ships.
Alan walked over to the door that led down to the quarantine zone. His footsteps were the only sound that echoed in the observation deck. Everyone turned to look at him. He placed his hand on the pad next to the door, but the door didn't budge. "Open the door," he said. 
The engineers were unsure and looked to Claudia for guidance. "Ma'am?" one asked.
"I'm tired of waiting," Alan said. "Plus, I brought the damn thing back." He pressed his hand against the pad for emphasis, feeling the gel rebound with each tap of his palm.
Claudia looked at him. "I trust your judgment, Second Medium," she said. She nodded to the engineer and he unlocked the door.
Alan went through and Argus followed close behind. With a hiss, the door closed behind them. The air was cooler inside the quarantine zone, still not completely heated after repressurization. Alan saw his breath drifting over him as his feet beat out a staccato down the stairs. The escape pod looked larger now that he was standing in front of it. The fingers of the mechanical hand still swarmed over it.
"Can you get these off?" he asked, never taking his eyes away from the escape pod. Argus snorted once, and Alan ignored it.
The fingers scuttled away and reformed themselves into a hand connected by electric ligaments. It moved to the side of the room, leaving Alan to work with the capsule.
"Get ready," he said. Argus pulled out a pistol from his holster and aimed it on what was assumed to be the door.
Alan moved closer and put one hand on its surface, feeling the dents in the metal. He drew closer and pressed his ear against the door with no windows. He heard a click come from inside. 
"Pod is decompressing," Aki said through the speakers.
Alan backed away and brought out his own gun. Steam poured out of the small vessel. He barely had time to react as the door fell forward from the mist. He jumped backwards, and it landed where he had been standing a moment before.
"Jump in delta waves!" an engineer said. Alan looked up to see thick steel plates fall from the ceiling. They shielded the observation deck and blocked his view of what happened above him. He felt a wave of disorientation, as if he were on the verge of sleep and had the sensation of falling. He tapped his foot on the floor to rid himself of the feeling. An iridescent sheen washed over the metal slats as they absorbed the waves.
The ventilation system engaged. The mist turned into white funnels that were sucked into the ceiling. As the steam disappeared, Alan faced the plush red interior of the pod. In front of the pod was a small figure. She had a mass of white hair that floated around her as if she were underwater. The dress that billowed around her was once white, but now it was stained with blood and dirty with grime. On the floor of the escape pod, a small object glistened underneath its cloth covering. He quickly scooped it up and put it into one of his pockets before the mist completely cleared.
When Alan saw her face, he felt something stir deep inside his memories. He wished he had a couple capsules of Virifen, but he had forgotten them in his room. He patted his pockets in vain with his free hand as he walked closer.
Though he did not know how, the girl was floating as if there were no gravity in the chamber. Trusting Argus, he holstered his gun and then put his arms under her, afraid she might fall at any moment. When his forearms touched the edges of her dress, her hair fell straight down followed by the rest of her body. Alan easily caught and held her.
She was tiny, or perhaps it had been too long since Alan had been near a child. The rapid movements under her eyelids stopped. Alan heard the shutters rise behind him, but he didn't turn around. There was something about this girl that was familiar, but he didn't want to see it. He felt a tingle in the back of his mind. Argus shifted uncomfortably on his feet, his gun still held steady. He felt the tingle too.
Like the memory of a spring breeze, Alan felt different parts of his mind respond to the strange feeling, as if a gentle scent had enveloped his thoughts. But there were no words, only a jumble of emotions. There was fear and confusion. Underlying everything, a current of sadness swept over it all like night on an ocean.
Claudia opened the com and her voice came through the speakers. "Alan, what is it?"
Alan paused, unsure himself. "It's a girl, Claudia," he responded. "Just a little girl." His voice was calm.
"Is it a threat?"
"I?I don't know." He looked down at the girl who was now shivering in his arms from the cold. "I don't think so." A tear slipped past one of her eyelids. He swept it away with a gloved hand, watching it leave a glistening trail across her cheek.
This time an engineer spoke. "Ma'am, if I may. We don't know what that thing is. It could be a Sanctum trick. We need to keep it under observation, find out what we can, then dispose of it in a timely manner. It may compromise the location of the Aurelius and bring the empire upon us." Alan wasn't supposed to hear him, but he could imagine Aki accidentally keeping a finger on the com switch as they debated above him. He was glad he had an ally up there.
"She needs help." Alan whispered, but he knew the microphones were sensitive. "She's been chased by the empire. Who knows what happened to her before we brought her here?"
"She was clearly important to the empire, and now we have her," Claudia said. "But she still may pose a threat to the Einhart, and until we can determine she is not one, she will remain here, under close observation."
Alan nodded. "Bring in a medbed," he said. He turned and looked at the opaque glass of the observation deck. "And warm this damn room up!"

Chapter 9

Many in the empire looked down on Ashra. Most knew her as the strange child that was always with her mother, Lydia, a woman who kept to herself and had few, if any, friends. And though Ashra was the daughter of the emperor, she was also the daughter of a trophy of war. Aboard the Edict, Ashra remembered the times when others had asked her questions, something as simple as her name, and she couldn't respond. She could only tilt her head towards the source of the sound, with her eyes closed and her ears open. 
Once, when Lydia wasn't there to protect her, a few of the children on the Edict had cornered her. She remembered their damp palms on the sides of her face, she recalled being held back and forced to face them and answer their questions and taunts. She didn't know what the effect was, but when she opened her eyes the bullies released their grasp and backed away. 
When Ashra looked at them with her eyes with no irises, no pupils, just a blank white canvas that stretched between her eyelids, the other children didn't know how to respond. Unnerved, they released their grip and ran. They ran back to their parents working aboard and they told them of the deaf, mute, and blind girl that roamed the halls of the ship like a ghost. Ashra was always the pariah that others whispered of, the child of the consort. They also called her the child of the void, for they believed that without any senses, she couldn't feel. 
But she was not deaf. She heard and understood what they said around her, what they said about her. Rather than bear the wounds their words inflicted, she pushed them aside and found solace in a place where only she could be, where there was nothing but silence. She called this place, her world, the Empyrean. Here, she was whole. She had eyes that could see and a voice that could speak. At first it was lonely, and she would cry inside, alone in her mind, on a small island that floated upon cold waters. But as she aged, a small sprout had taken root at the center of the island. Though it was always night in the Empyrean, shortly after, the first star appeared in the sky, bringing with it the gift of light.
She plucked this first star from the Empyrean, as easily as plucking fruit from a tree. She held it between her thumb and finger and put it up to her eye so that it was all she could see. Inside this star was another image. Of a maintenance hatch upon the wall of the Edict, and objects that she did not recognize by sight but would know if she touched them. They were held by hands and twisted and turned until a spark appeared and a panel lit up again. The two large hands, hands that belonged to a man, placed the panel back on the wall and wiped the sweat off his brow. She took the star away from her eye and put it back into its rightful place in the sky.
As she grew older, more stars filled the empty void above her. When she put each to her eye, the star replaced her irises and she saw the world as that person did. From the cooks in the galleys, to the commanders of the armies that would rest aboard the ship with their servants, to the captain and the crew that oversaw the weapons of the ship as they bombarded enemy territories from the safety of low orbit. She had learned much this way, but had no way to share it with anyone.
She was bursting with the desire to tell. One evening, she focused her thoughts on the young daughter of a mechanic. Ong was Ashra's age, and the girl would play with the other workers' children, in the sooty dark corners of the ship where adults didn't go. She wasn't too smart but she had a free spirit, and Ashra enjoyed watching Ong wander the ship, and in her mind she followed where Ong went. One day, Ong had found an old projector, a catalog of the different plants and animals of the Empire's worlds. She flipped through the holograms quickly, not really paying attention. But when Ashra saw a hologram of a plant that looked like the one that grew on her island in the Empyrean, and she had to know where it came from.
Ashra first asked with her voice, but it only echoed around the island and sea around her and did not leave the confines of her existence. So she asked with her mind, and when Ong did not respond, Ashra tried harder, finding her way into the girl's auditory cortex with the question, <What is it?> In a few days, Ong and her family were transferred to another ship because the child had gone insane, or so Ashra had overheard the medic say. She never learned the name of the plant that grew on her island.
She tried again, gentler, with her mother, and in time Ashra learned to speak with her mind. Lydia didn't know how to communicate that way, so she responded with her physical voice. Those that overheard the one-sided conversations thought Lydia had gone insane as well. They thought that she contracted some disease from her strange daughter, and the two were both avoided, yet respected, for they were still related to the emperor.
Ashra felt the guilt of having dragged her mother into shame, and the child wept because of it. But Lydia was already too enveloped in her own shame to notice, and she wept only tears of joy now that her daughter could tell her all that was in her heart.
Now at eight years old, the sprout had turned into a sapling. The island had grown as well, though Ashra could still see its edges as the water lapped at the sand around it. Large stars started to appear in the middle of the sky, motes of color that never moved and never disappeared. She called these stars the perpetuals.
She tried plucking these perpetuals from the sky, but not matter how she tried, she could never move them. When she stood on her tiptoes and brought her eyes close to them, she could never see anything past their bright hues. But she remembered the last time she saw her mother, and with her passing, the great magenta perpetual that had been at the very center of the Empyrean also disappeared. Ashra knew she would never see that color in the Empyrean again.
Another one of the perpetuals, a pale yellow star off to the side, was especially bright. Though these stars never changed positions and colors, she had never seen the yellow one this bright before. She reached out to touch it.

Chapter 10

Aki watched from the observation deck as Alan kept his hand on the girl's arm. The efficient, ruthless, and cynical man that she had come to respect as her teammate had never shown compassion or mercy on the battlefield. She kept a watchful eye on the graphs and charts that cycled across her light console, but an even closer eye on Alan.
After the child had not stirred after thirty seconds, Claudia grew impatient. "Send me a transcript and recording of what she says."
"What if she won't talk?" an engineer asked.
"Make her talk." Claudia turned and left the observation deck with the majority of her guards. The remaining ones spread out across the control room.
Not moments after her departure, a man with beady eyes and a red beard crept onto the testing facility. He tried to inherit Claudia's commanding presence surreptitiously, but his paunch interfered with how well he could keep silent as he moved across the hall. Aki noticed him first from the sounds of his labored breathing. His creeping had exhausted his energy and he was panting by the time he arrived at the observation deck.
"Simmons, what are you doing here?" Aki asked, her eyes never straying from her light console.
He took deep gulps of air before deigning to answer. "That", he gasped, "is none of your concern. You aren't even an official soldier of the Einhart. Just an Auroran assassin." He tried uttering the last word with contempt, but it came out as a wheeze. Aki counted two beats then hit the broadcast button as Simmons started his next sentence. "I am Fitzgerald Simmons, Second Medium of the Einhart! I shall not tolerate insubordination." His bark left him deflated.
"Since I'm just an Auroran assassin, you can tolerate it," Aki said and gave him the finger. Her other hand danced over the light console and selected the syringe. She maneuvered the needle into the child's skin.
The girl rested upon the medbed that had been hastily brought in. Her breath no longer turned to mist as warm air was filtered into the quarantine room. As the cocktail of vitamins and drugs entered her system, her eyelids quivered once then lifted, revealing two white orbs. Some engineers above gasped in shock, but it mattered little to the ones who had been through battle, those who had seen much worse than two blind eyes.
The windows of the observation deck became tinted and Simmons's voice came through the speaker. "We rescued your ship from the Edict, which has since been destroyed. You are currently safe with us, but that may change depending on how you respond to our questions." He let the threat hang in the air. "What is your name?" he asked.
The girl brought her hand to her throat and shook her head.
"She can't answer," Alan said.
"Don't tell me what it can and cannot do, Alan Belmont. For all we know it could be the very weapon that destroyed the Edict and is waiting to do the same to us."
Alan glared. "She can't answer if you ask the wrong questions," he retorted. He turned back to face Ashra and put his hand over hers. His tone changed and his voice became soft. "Do you understand me?" he asked her. "Nod if you do." He had forgotten what it was like to speak like this, in that voice adults reserved for talking to children and pets. It was gentler than he remembered it, though it came out rough from lack of use.
The girl nodded once.
"Good," he said. "We aren't here to harm you. But we found you pretty beat-up and you've been resting here since we rescued you. Is there a way you can communicate with us?" he asked.
She nodded again. Alan felt a tingling at the base of his skull, as if a drop of warm water had been placed there. The warmth spread up from his spine, into his brain, and seeped into his mind. He noticed Argus fidgeting behind him as the big man experienced the same sensations.
From that warmth came a breeze, as if he were back home on the empty trails of Cybele. On it rode a voice, a voice that sounded like it belonged to a girl older than the one in front of him. Like the rustling of leaves, words formed in his mind.
<I am Ashra, daughter of Lydia,> she said, though her mouth did not move and no sound left her lips. She cast her head about, as if she were looking for someone. <Was there another with me? My mother?>
Alan shook his head, but forgot that she couldn't see. "No," he said. "Only you were inside." 
She turned her head to the side. <Then I did not imagine it.> It started as a small tremor that bounced her shoulders up and down, followed by tears that formed at the edges of her eyes.
Simmons opened the com channel. "What did she say?"
"Her name is Ashra," Alan responded. "If you want to be a part of the conversation, get down here yourself or shut up," he said, knowing Simmons would remain where he was safe.
Alan turned back to Ashra and rubbed her back until the sobbing subsided into silent tears. She was strong.
<May I see you?> she asked. Her voice had regained some composure.
"You can see? How?" Alan asked.
<I need others to be my eyes, but I can see.>
Alan hesitated a moment, and then said, "Sure."
Ashra pressed two fingers to Alan's forehead, to the point where his eyebrows met. She pressed harder and the exertion creased the skin around her eyes and mouth, and he had to gently lower her hand to show her that it wasn't working.
"Maybe it's just me," he said. He waved for Argus to come over. "Would you?" he asked.
Argus lowered his gun and walked over. He had to kneel for the girl to reach him, but once she touched his face, he started to swoon and Alan had to use all his strength to keep him from falling. Argus sat on the medbed next to her with a hand on the edge to hold himself upright.
"I feel like someone else is here," he said drowsily, tapping his temple with a finger.
<Thank you,> she said. She saw the world through Argus's eyes. She saw the blacked-out observation deck above and the rugged soldier in strange clothes that stood in front of her. She saw herself, tiny and dirty. Her hair had turned completely white, and she ran her hand through it, feeling each strand slide across her fingers.
<It is rude of me to address only a part of the party if there are others that would like to listen. May I?>
Alan looked up. "She wants to speak to everyone on the other side of the glass."
"The guards and engineers will stay out of it, but the rest, including myself, will join," Simmons said. 
An engineer piped up. "Our sensors have detected a recognized waveform coming from the entity. The computer is processing it. It seems like the waveform can be decoded into sound waves."
"Do it," Simmons said. "Forward whatever you record to the High Adjudicant."
At once they felt the tingle in their minds. Simmons shook his head as if water were stuck in his ear.
<The Edict is no more,> she said. <If so, where am I?>
"You are safe," Alan responded, "aboard the-,"
"No more, Alan!" Simmons interrupted from above. "You've already shown her where she is; now it's time for her to answer our questions."
Even Alan had to agree he was getting soft.
Simmons continued. "When we rescued you, the Edict was being destroyed by a heretofore unseen weapon. What is your connection to this weapon?"
She paused. <Weapon? I don't know of any weapon.>
"Don't lie to me, child, if that's what you really are. A burst in delta waves was recorded as your escape pod left the ship. Your pod was the source of it."
<I still don't know of any weapon,> she responded. She sat up, dignity and confidence straightening her back.
"If that's how you're going to play it," he said, "we can always lock you up. There's ample space in our jails, and we have ways of getting you to talk. And if you don't cooperate, we can always use more biomass for fuel."
"That's enough," Argus said, looking up. "Regardless of where she came from, this is no way to get the information you seek."
Alan put a hand up, signaling for those in the observation deck to be silent. "Let's start with what you do know," he said. "Tell us what you remember."
Using Argus's vision to adjust her position, Ashra turned to face Alan. <I had not seen my mother in weeks,> she explained. <I wish I could've seen her more often, but they kept us separated, and I was always busy with my tutors. At a time when there were the fewest people awake aboard the Edict, she came for me and we fled.> She paused, trying to control her grief. 
Hearing her telepathic voice was an experience Alan had never felt before, and the same look of wonder and curiosity was on Argus's face as well. 
Ashra continued, <We were to leave together, to arrive here as mother and daughter, but in the escape bay, someone who was not one but not two?> Sorrow threatened to overtake her again.
Aki spoke from above. "Not one but two? What do you mean?"
Ashra turned in her medbed, looking straight at Aki through the opaque glass that separated her from the observation deck. <She moved as if she were one being, but the light inside was a mixture that did not mix, like oil and water. The two colors were not solid; she was two stars bound together with force. And there was a laugh, a laugh that celebrated remorse, one that celebrated death.>
Aki continued, "Her name? Was there anything-"
Simmons interrupted. "I ask the questions here, Miss Fushimi," he said.
Aki removed her finger from the broadcast button and pulled out a dagger. With a flick of her wrist, the edge of the dagger telescoped into a long blade. She pressed the blade against Simmons's throat, angling it under his beard and drawing a drop of blood. He tried to move his head away, but the feeling of cold metal against his neck suggested he stay where he was. 
Aki heard the ratchet of guns being cocked behind her from the guards that remained in the room, but she didn't care. Her face was as still and impassive as before. "I could kill all of you in this room and sustain at most one shoulder injury from him," she said. She nodded to one of the men that had his rifle trained on her. No one doubted her, not even the engineers that laughed at her earlier. "I won't kill you because I respect you. I ask for the same respect in return. Allow me to learn what I need to, as per my agreement with the High Adjudicant, and I will continue to assist the Einhart." She looked at Simmons, who quickly waved his hands below his waist. The men lowered their guns and Aki withdrew her blade. The metal retracted into itself and she returned the dagger back into the sheath strapped to her thigh.
"Ashra," Aki continued, "did you hear her name? What more do you remember about her?"
<Vijera. My mother called her Vijera, right before I left. And I tried, I tried so hard, but I couldn't peer into her mind; I could not see with Vijera's eyes.>
When Aki heard the information, her eyes narrowed into slits. Ashra described the woman she had been searching for, the reason Aurora had sent her here. "Thank you, Second Medium Simmons," she said. "Please continue with your questioning."
Simmons found his confidence again, though it wasn't as strong. "Ashra," he said. "If you know nothing about the weapon, which I don't believe for a second, then please explain your connection with the empire. What were you and your mother doing aboard the Edict? The empire isn't known for entertaining visitors."
She sat up straighter and held her head high. <Right before my mother's death, she said that I was to fulfill my birthright as a princess. I was going to be trained and eventually take my place as a royal.>
There was murmuring. A moment later, Simmons said over the com, "Don't be silly. A new child has not been heard of in decades and the ones that are already out there have merged with each other. We would've known of you."
Alan had also never heard of a royal child this young. With his doubt, he removed his hand from hers. "Is it true?" he asked.
<Yes. After my training, I will speak on behalf of the Sanctum Empire on the worlds that would like to join us. This was news to my mother, and for some reason she wouldn't allow it and tried to take me away. So I would like to know, where is this place? Is this where my mother intended me to be?>
Simmons spoke first. "Ashra, you are aboard a testing facility belonging to the Einhart. You are familiar with the Einhart, yes?"
<I have heard tell of you. When our soldiers go to battle they go against the Einhart, along with the systems that would seek your protection rather than join us.>
"Then you know you are an enemy and a threat here," Simmons said.
She nodded. <Too late, but yes, I now know,> she said. <But the empire has only sought harmony. I still do not understand why any world would choose to remain separate from the Sanctum. We distribute resources and the wealth of knowledge we have from the worlds in our domain. Most importantly, we offer peace.>
"Peace!" It was Alan who spoke. "Ashra, we, the Einhart, fight because the empire makes slaves of the people they conquer. Through fear. Through neural implants that force their soldiers to only think of the goals of the Sanctum. I have been fighting the empire for longer than I can remember; we all have," he said, gesturing around him, "and never once has the empire spoken of peace. They have only taken and conquered; and when they could not conquer, they destroyed."
Ashra was silent.
"If you are a princess, then you know much about the empire," Simmons said from above. "Regardless of if you're a child or a princess, you will tell us what you know. If you do not, we will pry it out of your brain. We have our ways."
He turned to the engineers, making sure to avoid looking at Aki. "Drug her. Take the escape pod to the engineering bay for further analysis. Find out what you can from it."
Ashra interrupted. <No,> she said, her voice firm. <I will go and I will cooperate, as a sign of goodwill between us. But I go on my own terms.> She pulled the needle out of her skin.
Simmons thought for a moment. "Very well," he said. "But you shall see what we think of the Sanctum. Even though we strive for peace, as you say your empire does, many families have been destroyed by your soldiers and they will show you their feelings." He turned to the guards. "Take her through the hub."
"Simmons," Alan said. "That's too much. She is still a child. The public would have no mercy in the hub," Alan said. But before he could continue his argument, the device on his wrist displayed a message above his palm.

She will be taken care of. 
-C

So Claudia had heard everything.
<As a sign of trust,> Ashra said, <I shall remove myself from the man who so graciously lent his eyesight.> She bowed once to Argus and pulled herself out of his mind. He shook his head to clear it then stood up, uncertain of what he should do next. He didn't want to hurt her; the girl was just a child. But he had his duty to uphold, his duty to Alan, not to mention she was the sister of the man who abducted the Erudite.
<I face my fate.> Ashra squirmed to the side and almost fell off the medbed, but Alan caught her before she could tumble to the ground. <Thank you,> she said to him privately. 
Though Alan helped Ashra up the stairs, she still tripped a couple of times on the steps. When they reached the top, a guard had already prepared a pair of handcuffs. He fastened them onto her wrists with no mercy, tightening the bindings more than he needed to. Men joined the Einhart for many reasons, but they all shared a common enemy. Ashra acted as if she didn't feel the pain.
Alan escorted Ashra down the hall. Argus, Aki, and the rest of the guards followed behind them. Their footsteps were in unison except for the princess's, who took shorter strides. They made their way down the extended tunnel that connected the testing facility with the rest of the Aurelius.
They stood in front of a bay of lifts. "If she knows the location of Sanctuary," Simmons said to Alan, "don't think for a minute I won't tear her limb from limb trying to find it. She is a threat and an asset, nothing more, and you had better remember it, Alan." He left.
Alan and the others boarded the lift that came after. It took them to the lower levels of the city that sat upon the back of the Aurelius. He had never ventured so far down, but he was glad with what he saw when they stopped. She would be kept in an isolated chamber with a few guards. One of them guided her to the center of the room, removed her cuffs, and stepped back. She rubbed her wrists as a hexagon of light lowered from the ceiling, securing her behind its six walls. It would be a lonely night for her, but no more lonely than her time aboard the Edict.
Alan looked back once then left without saying a word.

Chapter 11

"Guren, I need something stronger," Alan said.
"Alan, I can't keep giving these to you. Virifen aren't candy. You don't pop them into your mouth every time you feel the need to freshen your breath." But despite his words, Dr. Locus Guren had already reached underneath his desk and unlocked a drawer cleverly hidden away. 
They sat in front of a clear sphere. Behind that sphere, three monoliths, each an AI, towered over them and the rest of the room. Alan looked at them and considered the arbiters that made the decisions that affected the outcome of his last mission and many before it.
The AIs hung suspended in their own superconductive shell, cooled by the vacuum and darkspace sinks. Each one was an elongated rhombic prism filled with a near infinite amount of qubits for processing and maintaining the Aurelius. They controlled things from the levels of atmosphere in each section of the complex, the calibration and timing of the vacuum pipe transport system, to the repair schedule of the ships that needed maintenance. The work was spread over all three. They communicated closely, forming a black hexagon with their three sections, each section floating to its own rhythm. Banks of lights blinked on and off making them look like sleeping giants to Alan, though the multicolored electric currents that ran between them suggested that they were very much awake.
Dr. Guren was still searching under his desk when Alan asked, "Which one is Atropos?" Guren tried to stand up but bumped his head on the edge of his desk. Wincing, he rubbed his scalp and pointed to the one closest to them on the left. "That one. Why do you ask?"
"She seems to be the only one that likes me. The other two don't find me as attractive."
"Please, Alan. They are computers. Machines. To them, there's no such thing as like or dislike."
"But they're not just machines; they're AIs," Alan said, leaning back in the chair and putting his feet on the table that stretched around the sphere. When the Aurelius was in battle this table was filled with engineers, but right now, there were no light consoles and the room was dark.
"Programmed with human thought patterns," Guren said. "But they will not deviate from what they are programmed with."
"If so, then why does only Atropos agree with my actions?"
"Because like humans, they have each been programmed with different values, putting more weight on some issues and less on others. Clotho will always value life above anything else," he said, pointing to the one to the right. "While Lachesis is always hard to guess." He put a handful of Virifen pills on the table. "But a lot of processing happens in the background, while we only see their answers. It would take a lifetime to sort through the logic reasoning behind one decision."
Alan put his feet on the ground and looked at the pills. "And all three of them agreed not to give me anymore of these." He held up a green capsule between his fingers and studied it in the dim light. "I must be doing something right then." He put his pointer finger down onto the surface of the table and drew a circle around the remaining pills. An edge of metal rose from the table and surrounded the capsules, forming into a small container.
"Alan, Virifen alters the chemical composition of your brain. Considering your dosage and the time you've been taking them, I'm surprised you can still talk to me. Without the medbeds, your teeth would've been ground to nubs by now."
"You know I need these," Alan said.
"We are all here because of one kind of trauma or another. I'm not saying yours is any less; in fact, you've suffered more than anyone else I know. But there are healthier ways to cope."
"There'll be time to grieve when I'm dead. These numb the pain and give me the energy I need so I can focus on my job."
"But at what cost? They numb your humanity as well. Have you ever wondered what you'll do after the war is over? When there's no battle left for you to fight?" Guren's concern showed in the additional wrinkles that appeared on his forehead.
"You've been trapped in here too long, with these computers that argue with each other," Alan said. "When I'm out there, it doesn't look like the war is ever going to end. And I'm pretty sure I'll be dead before I see the end of it." Alan popped a pill into his mouth and bit down. "Despite the empire's actions, many worlds are afraid of us. Afraid that we'll take what little they have."
Guren shook his head. "They make their own decisions. We do what we can and you do what you can. But your body can't sustain this for much longer. Your mind should have fallen apart years ago. These were developed for temporary use, blocking emotions so soldiers could continue fighting the battle they were in. But it takes time to heal, time you haven't given yourself. You've been taking them ever since I've known you, ever since I joined the Einhart years ago."
"Maybe I'll allow myself the luxury of dreaming of the day when I won't need to get back into the Umbra again. We found something on our last mission, something that might make that dream come true."
"You mean the princess?" Guren offered.
"How did you know?"
"I monitor the AI, checking for any anomalies in their systems. And when all of their computing power is dedicated towards one event for a prolonged period of time, I am interested."
"That wasn't for you to see."
"But I saw it."
Alan smiled. "You're so tricky," he said. "She could be the key. She could know where Sanctuary is. We could finally take the war to their homeworld, invade them as they invaded us; show them the pain we have felt." He thought for a moment. "Speaking of which, is there a cure for her condition? It seems strange that a princess would remain blind and mute."
"Extending health benefits to our enemies now?" Guren chuckled. 
"Just trying to be compassionate. It's this new mindfad I'm trying," Alan said jokingly.
"I've looked at her genetic code and she didn't lose her eyes and voice to any disease or injury," Guren said. "A portion of the DAX genes are missing; it's as if her DNA never coded for those parts to begin with. Even if you put her into a medbed, it wouldn't be able to regenerate what wasn't there to begin with."
"Hmm, that doesn't seem like something the empire would allow?" He remained silent as he pondered the strange guest he had brought back.
Guren looked at Alan. "There's more to it, isn't there?" the doctor asked. "Why are you here? With your clearance as Second Medium, you could get those anywhere," he said, pointing to the pills on the table. "What else do you want?"
"I need a spare display, loaded with recordings of our battles with the Sanctum, including the most recent skirmish on Galea." 
"Those are classified. They have our complete battles, our strategies, our weapons, our troop arrangements. In the wrong hands, an enemy could predict our future deployment schemes and counter our stratagems."
"Give Claudia more credit," Alan said. "She hasn't ever used the same formation twice. And you can edit out some parts. I just need to show the empire's aggression. Their ruthlessness. The conduct of their soldiers and commanders. Though I know we don't have much, any footage of Seth and Vijera would be useful too."
"Releasing footage is something only the Sisters of Fate have permission to give," Guren said.
"Then ask them," Alan said.
Guren sent in the request to the three AIs. Moments later, three holographic displays activated on top of the table. Singular points of light expanded into three young women, triplets, wrapped in togas. The three looked the same: miniature, translucent and beautiful, except the colors of their hair were different. Two of them faced Alan, smiling, while one remained with her back turned, her blonde braid displayed in defiance.
"Truly, you are a favorite of Atropos," Guren said. "Lachesis has also taken your side, so you will have what you desire. Perhaps they see reason where I cannot." The Sisters winked out of existence. A holographic display cube, like the one Alan had in his room, emerged from the table. Alan took it and ran through some of the images, looking at battles that took place on different worlds. He was afraid he might've lingered on one planet, Cybele, but he flipped through it as quickly as he did the others. The pills did their job.
"Looks good," he said, putting it in one of his pockets. "Thanks for these," he said, shaking the small container of pills. He turned and started to walk away.
"You're going to show it to her, aren't you?" Guren asked.
Alan didn't stop walking.
"What do you see in her?" he called from behind. "She would be the same age, wouldn't she?" his words echoed in the empty chamber.
Alan stopped and turned. His face betrayed no emotion. "Don't ask questions you don't want to hear the answers to."

Chapter 12

Alan was greeted in the front of the isolation cell by a different guard from the one earlier. "Sir!" The man snapped a crisp salute when he entered. Alan nodded and the man relaxed.
He looked over the list of visitors, seeing no new names since he had left Ashra here. He identified himself with a press of his palm and the pair of doors opened with a hiss. The room was dark except the brightly-lit center, where Ashra sat encased behind the electric shield. The yellow shield crackled whenever dust came into contact with it, turning the motes to ash. She sat quietly with her eyes closed inside the hexagonal prison. Her dress had been replaced with another white dress, this time of Auroran cut. Despite being a prisoner, the Einhart tried to give her the respect that was befitting of a royal, regardless of the world she came from. She would want for nothing, other than freedom.
As his eyes adjusted to the dark, Alan made out another guard stationed in the corner of the small room, behind the enclosure. "I'd like to speak with her alone," he said.
"Yes sir." The guard jogged out of the room. Alan and Ashra were left in silence.
<You have come back,> Ashra said. <To what do I owe the honor of your visit?> Though her voice was young, it was humble and controlled, with no hint of malice or irony.
"I believe," Alan said, "that your education may have been incomplete."
<I was tutored by the best teachers of the empire in many fields, including diplomacy, mathematics, and science.>
He pulled up a chair and sat down in front of her. "But did they ever teach you of war?" he asked.
<No. The tutors always avoided the subject of the vastness of our domain, and I could never see the worlds the Edict visited. I was always limited to the people aboard the ship. And even now, I feel parts of this ship starting to close off, the stars in my sky growing fewer.>
It was true. After Alan had left, other Einhart had scavenged what they could from the husk of the Edict. Their scientists reverse engineered and replicated the technology to dampen Ashra's delta waves. They even attached some of the scavenged plating directly onto the Aurelius.
"They?we?are afraid of you," Alan said. "A girl that cannot see, but sees more than any one of us ever could."
<So my life has been and so it will be,> she said. Despite himself and the drugs that coursed through his body, Alan felt a pang of pity.
He was surprised that he was having this conversation with this child, whom he had only met a day ago. The girl should've meant nothing to him, but there was something about her that reminded him of a past he had tried to forget, but could never outrun. "The empire is not as kind as you believe it to be," he said.
<But nor is the Einhart. I am supposed to be somewhere else, yet the Einhart have abducted me midflight and now hold me prisoner. Yours is the only kind face I have seen, yet even you withdrew your hand when I said I was a Sanctum princess.> She did not need to pause for breath when she communicated telepathically, yet she hesitated, as if preparing herself. <Why?>
"Princess, you should know that your brother, your sister, your father?your whole damned family is responsible for the deaths of everyone I loved, back on my homeworld, Cybele. After joining the Einhart, my comrades and soldiers have been mowed down by your men, your biologics, and again by your family. That is why." He took out a pill and swallowed it, immediately feeling the emotion subside, replaced with only detachment and ice.
She chose her words carefully. <As someone who has known cruelty, I cannot condone violence and more cruelty as solutions. But as I said earlier, Mr. Belmont, I have difficulty believing what you say when I have not seen the destruction you speak of->
"And now you shall." Alan stood up, turned his back to Ashra and called the guard back in. The guard returned with quick strides and stood at attention.
"Your name?" Alan asked him.
"Tairus, sir."
"And your homeworld?"
"Adona, sir."
"The water belt?"
"Yes sir."
"And why are you here?"
"Adona was conquered by the Sanctum and it is my duty to avenge my homeworld and fallen worldmen. Sir!" He saluted.
"And what would you do to see the empire fall?"
"Anything, sir."
"Good." Alan gestured to the chair in front of the electric field. "Sit."
Tairus sat in one swift movement and remained unmoving, his hands in his lap. They really train these guards well, Alan thought.
"For the good of the Einhart and our cause, will you allow this girl inside your mind?" Alan asked.
"Yes sir!" There was no hesitation. This boy, for he was too trusting to be a man, was truly dedicated.
"Princess Ashra, try to see through his eyes as you did with Argus."
In the Empyrean, she saw the star closest to her, a dim one. She plucked it from the sky and held it to her eye. Her world changed and suddenly she saw herself sitting behind the barrier, staring at herself, with her white hair and white dress. Alan placed a small cube that floated in place between Tairus and Ashra. Its sides became translucent and light streamed out of them, coalescing into images. Images of destruction. She recognized the uniforms of the empire, their navy blue a stark contrast to the red of melting buildings, of fire, of blood. The things she had wanted to see all her life she finally saw; and she wished at once she did not see them. Faced with proof, the shield that protected her beliefs about her family began to crumble.
 "Tairus," Alan said, "I know it is difficult to see this. Adona is in this series. But keep your strength and remember your training in the academy. You'll be her eyes for the duration of the recording." He turned to Ashra. "Princess, it will be hard for you too. But look and listen to what your heart tells you is the truth. You will see what happened on Galea as well, when we took your escape pod into our custody."
Ashra was silent. She concentrated with her borrowed eyes on the scene in front of her, of Seth addressing a crowd of the recently conquered. Those that refused to kneel as the others did and those that stood up and shouted on behalf of their beliefs were quickly silenced by bursts of plasma.
Alan couldn't stand to be in the room a moment longer. He took the transport waiting for him up to the city where he sought a drink.

Chapter 13

Within the palace on Sanctuary, Seth, Voice of the Empire, sat in a chair floating above the ground. Freshly bathed and anointed with oil, he prepared for his journey on the road to conquest. He was at his desk, carved from an ancient arboreal that he felled after his second merge. He looked at a cluster of stars that floated in space before him, arranging motes of light in the shapes of his warships. 
Footsteps pattered from the hallway, the sound echoing around the tall chamber. A servant, tan and shirtless knelt before him.
"The Lady Vijera has returned. She awaits outside the chamber, First Prince."
Without taking his eyes off of the configuration of ships, he said, "Send her in." The servant hurried off.
He played with a few more arrangements then settled his hands and spoke into the darkness surrounding him.
"You can stop hiding, sister."
In one corner where the gloom was thickest, high above where the stone rafters held up the ceiling, a piece of darkness parted from the rest and slid forward, growing longer like a shadow in the dusk. The shadow took the form of woman and the Lady Vijera emerged, the darkness running off her suit like water. She kicked off the beam she stood on and flipped forward, past the windows and tall shelves of books. She landed gracefully on both feet. Only the sound of dust trailing her from above could be heard.
"I never could sneak up on you," she said. She came close to Seth and traced one finger across his broad shoulders, flicking one of his ears as she reached it. "Must be a gift from Prince Siris." She looked around the large library. "You could use better security, however."
Seth continued to look at his map of the stars. "I never needed security after merging with Siris. It was I that stepped out of the cocoon, and after him, there is no one left to be afraid of," he said.
"Except Father," she said.
"Except Father," he agreed.
"Now that he's cocooned, that puts you in charge of Sanctuary and the Sanctum Empire," she said.
"And I will make him proud," he responded.
Vijera smiled at the prospect of battle. "Which world shall fall to us this time?" she asked.
"Abyssinia. A land we already conquered," Seth said. "But they have become greedy, feeling that they deserve more than we give." He expanded the star map. A small planet appeared, its surface covered in gray and dark mountains. Everything was slick with water from the storm that roiled above. "There lies a nest of traitors here. They're selling technology off-world, technology we commissioned them to develop."
"Ungrateful scum," Vijera said. "What greater honor could there be than fulfilling the tasks we've given them to do?"
"Father saw value in keeping Abyssinia as it is. He said the information they exchanged with spies could help us as well, if we knew where to listen. Their spies were our spies, whether or not they wanted to be. But this affront has gone on long enough. Material gain rules their hearts and they must be punished."
"Has Father approved of your plans?"
"He will," Seth responded.
Vijera smirked at her brother's ambition. "He finishes merging faster every time," she said. "Will you be able to accomplish it before he emerges? Who will you send?"
"I will go myself. After Galea, I crave the taste of blood again."
"The Abyssinians are a valuable resource, brother. Can't we just use the neural implants like we do with all the soldiers?"
"The cost of invention is creativity and freedom of the mind. The implants dampen and suppress those qualities. So I shall administer virtue through fear and pain, things their minds will comprehend." He zoomed in on a valley between two mountains, onto a small square building. In the gloom, it would have been indistinguishable from the rest of the valley if not for the red lights on the roof. "Plans for our compact darkspace drive, the ones we had begun installing in select escape pods aboard Javelin-class warships including the Edict, were beamed off-world. I will go to make sure nothing gets transmitted ever again." He waved his hand and the maps collapsed into a beam of light and disappeared. 
He stood up and stretched. "It's a pity we lost the warship," Seth said, "but there are many to replace it. More importantly, what happened after I took the Erudite? What of the consort and Ashra, Princess of the Void? Did you retrieve her?"
A grin spread across Vijera's face. "She is dead," she half-sang. "The whore Lydia has perished by my hand." She pirouetted across the stone floor. "Now Father will be ours, ours again! No more sharing," she hummed.
Seth moved to the bookshelves that lined the wall, taller than even him. "And what of Ashra?" His finger stroked a volume bound in vellum.
She stopped dancing and looked aside, thinking of what she should say. Seth disappeared. A moment later the back of his hand struck her face. She collapsed and felt her cheek collide with the floor. A thin trail of blood flowed from a crack in her lips.
Seth's voice seemed far away. "Your silence is answer enough." He leaned over her, blocking out the light above. "Where is she now, Vijera?"
From the ground she held up a small black disk. Seth took the disk and threw it at his desk, where it was absorbed into the wood. A new display of stars was mapped out onto the air.
"You should thank me for the Auroran technology I brought to the empire, brother." Vijera spat the blood out and picked herself up. "I managed to tag her escape pod with one of the new tracers. Biologics that can withstand vacuum and transmit across distances never heard of. Here," she pointed to a bright blue speck hidden among the field of stars. "This is where Ashra's escape pod entered normal space. She can't have gone much further than that." She stood triumphant, sure of her absolution.
"Don't be so proud of yourself. It sickens me," Seth said. He rotated the field of stars, orienting the field with known clusters and nebulas. "You need Father's power to keep yourself in one piece. If it weren't for him, you, a former princess of the empire, would be the plaything of an Auroran assassin! You would be completely under Rin's control because she is stronger than you, Vijera." She turned away, not wanting to listen, but he continued. "And that is why you are no longer a princess, only a lady, because you were greedy. And you did it not for power, but for beauty, and this is what we are stuck with; a child that cannot control her own impulses. Do you know what they call you now? The Lady Gemini. Even the nobles mock us on Sanctuary!" He grabbed her roughly by the shoulder and turned her around to face him. She refused to look at him. "You know how hard it is to find a woman that can sire Father's children. You know! Most die while pregnant if they even make it that far. And you killed one of them."
"Lydia killed two guards and was stealing Ashra away," she murmured.
"Don't play dumb with me. Death is all you can do, and you sow it everywhere without consequence to the fruit it bears. The consort Lydia was an asset, and she produced a princess that was to be the best of us. And not only have you killed one of the few women capable of bearing his children, but you also allowed the most precious daughter to be captured by our enemies."
"I was unprepared for Ashra's awakening," Vijera said. "And she had help." Her eyes remained downcast, but confidence crept into her voice. "I will find her. I will bring our sister back to us."
"No, you will not," Seth said. "You have failed already. If you weren't related to me and still loved by Father I would've thrown you off the top of the citadel like a common noble." Vijera knelt in deference as he continued. "Do not forget I am the First Prince. I have survived two merges with princes that were far more difficult than an assassin from Aurora. You have failed, Vijera, and I will correct your mistake." 
A plan had begun to form in his mind. "You will take my place on Abyssinia, and you will kill, because that is what you are good at, and it is the only thing you can do. Show them the talents you acquired from Rin Fushimi," he said. "Make them fear us again. Spare the lower scientists, for they do the work, but destroy the commanders for they are treacherous. I am not heartless." Seth was satisfied. "Find out where they have sent the information, and make sure there is no trace of their betrayal. The other worlds cannot know that we have been deceived under our very noses." He turned away. "Go, now."
Vijera stood up and left, concealing her rage at being ridiculed by showing only her back. She walked away with measured steps that cracked the tiles of the stone floor.
Seth called for a servant. "Bring me everything we know on Galean customs," he said.

Chapter 14

Akiko Fushimi, or Aki, as everyone outside of Aurora called her, pulled out the rubbery glove that looked and felt like skin. The holographic projection had already been setup on the floor. A convincing image of Simmons floated in the air. As she put on the glove, she accidentally swept her hand through the image, causing it to distort for a moment before it snapped back into place. Fooling the sensors that led into the holds of the Aurelius was no easy task. She chastised herself silently for her carelessness. She flexed her fingers, feeling the fake skin adhere to her own. A thin layer of oil covered the fingers and palm. She pressed her hand against the panel while using her other hand to input her destination. The sensors read Simmons's handprint, matched it with his DNA, and Aki quickly stepped back into the hologram of Simmons, completely hiding herself inside its light. Hampered by the weights she applied to herself to match his bulk, she wasn't as graceful as she normally was, but she was inside before the sensors noticed anything outside of the normal parameters for Fitzgerald Simmons. The lift started to descend.
Earlier, with Alan's permission, Aki had created a copy of Simmons's hand when she met Alan in the one bar that he always went to when he was back on the Aurelius. He had a drink that was untouched, made even fuller as the ice inside melted and pushed the liquid up to the edge of the glass. He sipped only because he had to, grimacing every time he swallowed. It was a strange ritual. Perhaps he liked being around people outside of the military, or perhaps it was because he could find the privacy he wanted in a crowded place where no one would notice him. Aki leaned towards the latter. The bar was filled with patrons she hadn't seen before, including some Galeans that had just arrived on the Aurelius. Those that still had the means to drowned their sorrows in drink.
Alan met Aki at the bar to make a request. A request outside of regular channels since he couldn't go himself. Aki did this as a personal favor to him, but she would've gone even if he didn't ask. There were many things she wanted to ask the princess, and now that she had the approval of one of the few people aboard this ship that appreciated her presence, she went with nothing clinging to her conscience. She had the feeling Alan knew what she wanted, and did it more out of friendship rather than work.
It wasn't difficult to get Simmons's DNA. The speck of blood she drew when she pushed her blade against his neck was more than enough, and he was the careless sort to leave handprints over everything he touched, including command consoles when he was angry.
The lift was slow as it made its way down to the holding cells, probably a result of nothing more than heavy traffic from the other lift compartments in the vacuum tube. She took the time to review the tactics she had come up with in her mind. There would be at least two sets of guards; one guard in the doorway and two in the inner chamber where Ashra was held. The first guard was the most difficult. She would need to keep him standing as if nothing were wrong until she could reach the inner chamber. That would require a paralysis technique. She could always go with an electrical discharge, but that would require embedding a transmitter into his flesh. It would be painful and she didn't want to hurt her current allies. There were always the needles coated in nerve toxin, but that could lead to permanent paralysis. No, in the end she decided she would do it the old-fashioned way, as she learned from her training on Aurora. The other guards in the inner chamber she could incapacitate with a reverse rising dragon followed by a diving falcon and blooming lotus fist.
The lift stopped. The guard looked up from his post and stood up straighter when he saw Simmons appear. He snapped a salute. "Sir!" he said.
The guard only caught a blur of movement. Simmons disappeared into a speck of light. After that, he saw a pair of eyes, dark and narrow. By the time he had enough sense to reach for the gun at his side, he felt pinpricks strike his calf, back, chest and shoulders. Though he felt the pistol grip, he couldn't close his hand around it. His fingers were frozen in place. They only twitched when he tried harder to move them. He wanted to look down, but found his neck was paralyzed as well. The only thing he could do was swing his eyes wildly back and forth.
Aki didn't know the code, the guard certainly wouldn't tell her, and Alan wasn't able to see what this guard had input earlier. She was left with one choice. She pressed a point on the guard's shoulder, feeling her nail dig into his flesh. His hand shot up in response to the pressure point trigger, as if he were a marionette. Two more presses along his ribs and he was facing the door leading to the inner chamber. The reflex for the right elbow joint was located in the lower back. She crouched and tapped the point like she was playing an instrument. She heard the pounding of his fist on the door above her. His eyes, wide and full of fear, would add to the deception.
The door opened and Tairus came out with his pistol raised. He checked the corridor and saw his comrade frozen in place. He didn't see the assassin underneath him. Aki pushed off the ground, her fist held above her head. It impacted with Tairus's chin, jarring his brain inside his skull. He crumpled to the ground. Aki's leap brought her higher, and she repositioned herself in midair against a wall. She kicked herself towards the remaining guard. She covered the distance in a heartbeat, avoiding the electric barrier that held Ashra. If she had a blade, she would've cut the last guard's throat open, but he was an ally, so she landed behind him. With her hands clasped into a club, she smashed her fist into his head, then opened it and struck her palms into the base of his skull in two rapid strikes. She caught his slumped body as he fell and laid him gently on the floor.
Aki stood up and breathed. The first guard still stood on the threshold between the chambers, his arm raised and his fist curled as if he were still pounding on the door. Aki pressed a point on his shoulder. The blood flowed normally again and the signals that traveled from his brain reached the rest of his body. However, a moment later she pinched another point on his shoulder and he collapsed as quickly as the others. She pulled him inside and closed the door behind her. Prying each of their mouths open, she slipped small, tasteless lozenges under their tongues that quickly dissolved.  They wouldn't remember any of this.
Ashra had watched the action through the borrowed eyes of the guards. She jumped from one to another as each guard was knocked unconscious. When the last one fell, she was without sight. In the Empyrean, only Aki's star remained. It was similar in shape and color to a part of Lady Vijera, so Ashra guarded her thoughts and movements around the assassin. 
As if knowing how she felt, Aki said, "To show you I mean no harm, let us speak as equals." The light barrier that surrounded Ashra flashed once then disappeared, leaving only yellow rays that faded to nothing. Aki moved away from the control console and sat in the chair in front of Ashra and crossed her legs. "You and I, we are both outcasts here," she said. "I, by duty, and you, by birth."
Though the barrier had disappeared, Ashra remained where she was. <You would not risk betraying the Einhart for something trivial,> Ashra responded. <What is it you want?> She kept her mind to herself, only allowing her voice to reach Aki. Who knows what would happen if she tried to see through her eyes? This woman did not play by the same rules as everyone else. She may have been playing a different game entirely.
"My sister," Aki said. "We were interrupted earlier, and I came here to find out if you knew anything more."
<You are not a member of the Einhart. Who are you?>
"If you're worried, know that I am not a threat to you. Not now at least. I am Akiko Fushimi, an agent from Aurora. I have a contract with the Einhart to seek out and kill Lady Vijera, thus, I am currently a friend. But the Einhart have information that they're not willing to share with me, information you may know. So I did what I needed to see you." 
<To see me?>
Aki decided to tell Ashra the whole story. "A while ago, Vijera captured my sister, Rin. As a result, the empire has their hands on Auroran technology, tactics, and other secrets. This must be stopped. She's my sister, and it's my duty above anyone else's to subdue her. Know that our enemy is the same, Princess Ashra, and if you help me find her, you will be avenging your mother as well." She spoke with confidence and authority. Most importantly, Aki spoke to Ashra not as a child, but as one as capable as she was.
Ashra didn't know if she could trust her. <Your sister is strong,> she said. <From what I saw in the Empyrean, she has resisted merging a part of her mind with Vijera. So something did not go as planned.>
"While the Aurorans have many sources of information, the Sanctum Empire is the major group we know the least about. What are the details of the merge?"
<I have not done it, but it is a capability that is passed through my father's bloodline. They have tried to keep the information hidden from me, but I explored the minds of others, of visiting dignitaries, of officers and those above them. I pieced together what happens. During a merge, a member of the royal family will go missing, sometimes for years at a time. Their absence is noticed by others.>
"What happens when they're away?"
<They hide themselves somewhere, on some backwater planet or an abandoned husk of a city. There they will consume the parts of the individual that they want and discard the parts they do not need. The physical body of the target is surely absorbed, but more often than not, it's their minds, their knowledge and abilities, that are the true goal of the royal.>
Aki considered this. "Why do they go missing?"
<They are defenseless,> she said. <During the merge they are covered in an organic film. If you cut it open, a mess of body parts would tumble out.> Her nose wrinkled at the thought. <A merge takes time and concentration. The stronger individual wins, dominating until nothing is left of the other person. According to some visitors on the Edict, Vijera was never the same after her merge, so Rin may have beaten Vijera in one way or another. They also mentioned that Seth has been absent from the affairs of the empire, and that he has only recently returned.>
"Yes, he's returned. We met him," she said, remembering the bruises that followed.
<Oh? I haven't seen him myself, but they say he is worthy to rule in Father's place.>
Aki considered Ashra for a moment. "Would you like to rule?" she asked. "As a princess, you're in line to take the throne, aren't you?"
<Being in the line of succession brings with it many threats. I am not only a target of the empire's enemies, but also a threat to fellow members of the royal house. I am weak, with this wretched body that can only hear and feel. I have no voice of my own; no way to affect change. I am not fit to rule; not in the way my father and brother are,> she said.
"I believe you're stronger than you think you are," Aki said. "You've seen the death of your mother, and you've been thrust into an unfamiliar place with unfamiliar people. Yet you are still in one piece." She grabbed the cube that floated in the air beside them. She flipped through scenes of war, watched the empire dominate one battlefield after another, both before and after the formation of the Einhart. "You've seen this?"
<I've seen it all, and I've seen enough,> Ashra said. She stood up and stretched her arms and legs. 
Aki appreciated the Auroran cut of her white dress. It was formalwear, stiff from heavy starching, but it sat well on her small frame. The sleeves were long and almost touched the ground, waving about as she moved. But the cloth sash that held the dress together was lopsided. When Aki spied the back, she noticed it was tied incorrectly. That was the problem with fashion, she thought. Traditional Auroran styles were a la mode, but misappropriated without respect to the source.
"The dress you're wearing is beautiful; it's from my homeworld of Aurora," she said. "However, it seems like the Einhart don't know how to put it together. Allow me to make it proper." She walked over to Ashra, proving that the barrier was no longer active. Aki stood in front of Ashra and waited until the girl nodded her consent. Aki knelt behind her and undid the ugly knot from the back, pulling out a long length of hardened silk that was twice as tall as the princess. The fabric was difficult to work with, but Aki remembered the strong yet graceful strokes required to tease the fabric into the desired shape. Considering how few Aurorans left the homeworld, she wasn't surprised that no one aboard knew how to properly tie it. Aurora was still under its own jurisdiction, and its population had little reason to leave. The influence of the Sanctum Empire or the Einhart was minimal, other than the influx of credits as groups on Aurora were contracted to assassinate members on both sides. If she remembered right, it was an Auroran that failed to assassinate Claudia years ago. Though he was sloppy and careless, she learned from the mistakes of those that failed before her.
"What have you been shown?" Aki asked.
<A side to my family and the empire that I did not know and did not want to know.>
"Is that regret I hear?" Aki took the fabric in both hands. It was stretched out like a river of gold, embroidered with mythical beasts in hues of red and black. She wound it around Ashra's waist, pulled it tight and then wound it around her again.
<No,> Ashra said. <No regret. Too much information is better than too little.> She felt more at ease as Aki helped dress her. It was similar to her mother's touch during the short times they had to visit. The feeling of another woman's hands was both familiar and comforting, but there was also sadness there, lurking deep in a part of her mind she didn't want to explore. Aki was not Lydia, and she wished more than ever her mother were alive to answer the questions she had left unanswered. <I was taught that war was a last resort; that the majority of the worlds that joined us did so out of their own free will.>
"I take no sides in this war. I only go where I'm sent. But from what I've seen, no world gives up its identity, its sense of self, without fighting for it. Violence is the most efficient way to acquire and exert power, but the worst way to keep it." Aki held the separate folds of fabric together with her fingers and pinched them in to make two wings of cloth that unfurled out of Ashra's back.
<From what I have seen, the empire has only ever used violence.> When Aki continued to adjust the bow on her back and gave no response, Ashra knew she was right. <I always had the feeling that my guards and tutors hid much from me. They kept me isolated. They controlled who I saw, what I learned, when I could leave my quarters. Even now, I only go from one prison to another, always of someone else's making.>
Aki fastened the last edge of the belt. "Done. You look like a proper princess now. And if your eyes weren't so big, you'd fit right in on Aurora." The belt had turned into a butterfly bow. The whole dress felt tighter and sat properly on Ashra's shoulders and back. "You are freer than you were a moment ago, so take advantage of it."
Ashra had memorized the layout of her cell and took small steps around its perimeter. She was careful not to step on the guards that were still unconscious on the floor. <I know how much your sister means to you, Ms. Fushimi,> she said. < I wish I could help, but I do not know where Vijera is. The movements of my siblings are kept secret and I was never privy to such information. My best guess is that she would be on Sanctuary, if she hasn't been sent to another world to wreak havoc there.>
"Sanctuary, the throneworld?" Aki asked.
Ashra nodded as she took more confident steps around the room.
"Do you know where Sanctuary is?"
<I do not. I have never been there.>
"You do know that the Einhart will ask you where it is. They'll expect you to know its location." Aki stood up and stretched her legs.
<I know, but I cannot give them an answer when I have none to give.>
"Be prepared for them, princess."
<I'm sorry I could not be of more assistance, especially after you went through the trouble of incapacitating my captors.>
"There is nothing to apologize for. I came here only to check if you knew anything else about my sister. I'm glad I came." She looked at the guards. "They were a good exercise. But unfortunately, they will be waking up soon. The price of non-damaging concussions," she said, a hint of unfulfilled want in her voice.
She went over to Ashra, who only came up to her waist. She put a gentle hand on the child's shoulder and Ashra knew that their time together was over. She calmly headed back to the center of the room.
"Ah, one more thing," Aki said. "This is from me." She pulled out a simple knife made from one piece of metal. Its grip was as thin as the blade, with four round holes for easy wielding. "Careful, don't cut yourself," Aki said. "You may lack the strength to stab, but the blade has been dipped in poison, my own special blend, and drawing blood is enough." She held the knife by the blade and put Ashra's fingers through the grip. Ashra clutched it, holding it close to her heart. Aki took Ashra's other hand and put the sheath into her palm. The princess felt the engraved flowers across the smooth surface. The blade slid in soundlessly.
"A girl should always have a knife," Aki said.
<Thank you,> Ashra said. <But I have nowhere to put it. This dress, beautiful as it is, has no means of concealing anything. The Einhart saw to that.>
Aki put her hand inside the belt and opened up the small pocket she had hidden within the folds of the fabric. Ashra smiled when she felt it and slipped the knife inside.
"And, I was told to give this to you," Aki said. She pulled out a small bundle wrapped in cloth. She placed it in Ashra's hand. Ashra gasped when she felt it. Her fingers ran across the crescent surface, like half a moon, its stylized rays radiating out in thin lines of silver. A blue jewel in the shape of a teardrop was suspended in the center of the half-circle. It was slightly warm when she held it in her palm.
Placing Ashra back into the center of the room, Aki activated the barrier and the air hummed with electricity once again. She was arranging all the guards when she felt a question brush against her mind.
<I thought I lost this when my mother passed. Why did he give it back to me?> Ashra asked.
Aki finished returning the guards back into their original positions. "You should ask him yourself," she said. She quietly slipped out of the doorway and melded with the shadows.
When the guards awoke, they found that they were sore in some areas and had headaches that rivaled the mornings that followed their wildest nights. Tairus moved his mouth and his jaw felt sore. But, the princess was still inside the barrier, and she sat quietly as she always had. When they questioned one another, they realized they didn't know why they had all been unconscious at the same time. No one could remember what they were doing before. They considered filing a report, but when there was nothing to file other than mutual embarrassment, they decided against it and kept it as their own secret. Though, after the event, Tairus would always tense up when Aki was near, and he wouldn't know why.

Chapter 15

It wasn't easy for Seth to fit in. Even among the big and bulky Galeans, he was still a head taller and had to hunch to look the same height. Hunching was something the First Prince did not do well. 
Earlier, the probes had located numerous Galean escape vessels traveling in darkspace. It was easy to board and overtake the smallest one without anyone else noticing. There had been only one occupant; Seth killed him quickly in his sleep. After he broke the man's neck, he pressed a palm against the dead man's face. He mapped out his facial features with his fingers, and Seth's own face changed in response. His lips became slightly wider and his eyes grew rounder. A few days' growth of stubble sprouted across his jaw line and two elongated earlobes completed the look. Though he loathed losing his beauty, he knew he could have it back when he retrieved the princess and brought her to Sanctuary.
 With the transformation complete, Seth launched the deceased Galean out with the rest of the rubbish. He sabotaged the escape craft and sent out a distress signal. Other Galeans, more than happy to save one of their fellow worldmen, picked him up. They said that they were going to the Aurelius, whose coordinates they learned before the attack. The Einhart were there to provide for those with no more homeworld in exchange for work and loyalty. Seth added to the hope these people had. He cheered when they made their promises of revenge against the empire that destroyed them. Secretly, he despised them for their lack of realistic thinking. The empire has swept aside and assimilated civilizations far greater than yours, he thought. We only lost the Edict and it had nothing to do with Galean efforts. Still, he observed everything and learned mannerisms quickly, remembering details with his augmented brain. He would shut down whenever anyone asked too many questions, saying the trauma was too much. They would leave him alone to grieve for family and friends he never lost. Seth was a consummate actor, and by the time he reached the Aurelius, he had picked up their slang and customs, and was treated as one of their own. But after he boarded the flagship, he slipped away and disappeared and no one saw him again. Most forgot about him, for despite his height, nothing else about him had really stood out.
Seth had his contact aboard the Aurelius set him up with a spare room and a fake identity. He then began his search for the princess.

Chapter 16

By the third night, word of Ashra had spread. The leak must've been one of the engineers. Though he hated Simmons, Alan knew that the man would never breach the security of the Einhart in this way and risk his own position as a Second Medium. But blame could be assigned later.
It had started two hours earlier, when the message scrolled across his palm.

Get down there now.
-C

Argus was standing next to him when he read it. He grabbed him and went to the nearest pipe transport. When Alan arrived in the isolation cell, the door to the inner chamber was open. Aki's techniques couldn't have lasted this long, Alan thought. A man ran past them in the other direction, headed for the lift the two had just gotten off of. The man's eyes were wild and fear clung to him as he barreled past them.
Alan took the scene in at a glance. The barrier that imprisoned Ashra was no longer there. One man lay on the floor, his back bent in an unnatural position. Black lines carved their way across his face where his veins should have been, necrotic and full of congealed blood. He was clearly dead, yet spasms still ran through his body out of reflex, exhausting the remaining muscle fibers. It was Aki's poison, but she was up above poring over lab notes. Another man was on the ground, crawling away as fast as he could on his arms; his legs had been engulfed in a white light-
"Ashra!" Alan pushed Argus back and dove out of the way of the quickly expanding white light. She was floating in the air; the red marks remained from where the man had grabbed her, where he held her up and throttled her by the neck. The man was now on the ground, yet still she hung there. Her white hair swam around her; her blank eyes were open as she hovered above him, suspended by an unseen force. The white light expanded and the man cried out in pain. He made a little progress crawling away with two hands. Alan saw that what remained of his legs were two stumps, the shape of the wounds perfectly matching the curve of the seed of light. They bled profusely and he would be losing consciousness soon.
Alan ran two steps toward Ashra. With a push, he jumped and tackled her from the air, hugging her tight to his chest as they both fell. He turned himself in midair so that he landed on his back. The wind was knocked out of him when he hit the ground. He kept a tight grip on Ashra. Small tendrils of light started snaking out of the bottom of the white sphere, one of them piercing through the chest of the man crawling backward. He died in an instant, his head lolling to the side. Anything the light touched simply ceased to be. The floor was disappearing as Alan pushed backward with Ashra in his arms.
She stared blankly ahead. "Ashra, wake up!" he said. He scooted back with his feet as the orb expanded. "You don't need to do this." His back slammed against the wall. He stroked her hair and held her close. He didn't know what would happen when the light touched her, but he was pretty sure what had happened to the others would happen to him. "Ashra, you're safe now," he whispered. He put two fingers to her forehead, as she had done to him earlier, and repeated the phrase in his mind. You're safe. I'm here, you're safe.
He wanted to curl his legs up away from the light, but he kept them outstretched to protect Ashra, as if to block its progress with his foot. The light touched the bottom of his boot. There was no heat, but he could feel his foot getting lighter as the sole of his boot was removed layer by layer.
Ashra's head shook once, as if she had woken up from a dream. The shock of seeing the light seed in front of her jolted her awake. In response, the ball of light pulsed and expanded. Alan winced in pain as the light ate through his boot and the bottom of his foot.
Ashra came to her senses. She pressed her hands together and the light shrank. It receded and collapsed into itself until it was nothing more than a small dot. With a flash, the dot burst into motes of light, almost like dust, then disappeared. The light seed left a crater in the ground, revealing the circuitry that ran underneath the floors. Sparks flew between exposed wires.
Argus came in and jumped around the hole to get to them. Alan stayed with Ashra on the floor. He fought the pain as he moved his leg. The bottom of his right foot felt like it was on fire. It left a trail of blood wherever he dragged it. "Ashra, what happened?" he whispered.
She breathed and collected her thoughts. <The guards left and three men came in. They deactivated the barrier and brought me out.> She was shaken up. Alan saw the red handprints on her face and guessed the rest.
<They said, 'bring them back.' They told me to give them back their homeworlds, their families, but I didn't know where they were from. Why did they think I could?> She turned to Alan. <I looked into their minds. They had so much pain. Honest pain, the kind that stays rooted in the soul and is impossible to forget. I managed to paralyze one with the knife Aki gave me, but when the other grabbed me?> she trailed off and tears formed around her eyes. <I didn't want to start anything; I wanted to be a good girl. But I couldn't breathe.> She dragged her hand up to her neck.
"It's okay," Alan said. "You're safe now."
<I?I know.> He felt her shake in his arms. It started as small tremors that brushed her hair against his face. Her breathing was rapid and shallow. He hugged her tight as tears fell onto his shoulder. <I know,> she repeated.
"I shouldn't have brought you here."
In between breaths she said, <I'm glad you did.>
Though he wanted to rest here with Ashra for another minute, for another hour, he knew that their time was short. One of the assailants had escaped. The man would go into the hub to tell everyone what had happened. They would be back soon.
Argus stood above them. Alan took the hand he offered and lifted Ashra up with his other arm. He tried putting weight on his foot. Though he hobbled, he could still take a few small steps forward.
He looked at Argus. "Take her to my quarters and lock the doors. Arm yourself, and don't come out until I tell you to." He gently let Ashra down and Argus took her hand.
"What are you going to do?" Argus asked.
"Prevent the inevitable," Alan said.

***

That was two hours ago. In that time, his foot was healed in the med bay, he received a new pair of boots, and an emergency session of the Zodiac Council had been held. Claudia appeared to him as a hologram; her corporeal form was integrated with the ship as she conferenced with other council members across the stars.
"What do you mean, interrogated?!" Alan fumed.
They were inside the High Adjudicant's chamber above the bridge, where she oversaw all of the Aurelius, but none could see or hear her. She stepped back from the window, her toga drifting and flowing with her movements as if it were real. She viewed herself as a goddess of wisdom, but Alan always thought a goddess of war was more appropriate. Her identity of self was fundamental to the image that floated before him. It wasn't too different than what she really looked like, except perhaps softer and more rounded at the edges. Her words were still just as sharp. 
"I may lend my name and the vast majority of my resources to the Einhart, but I am still bound by the rules of the Zodiac Council," she said. "That is the thin line that separates us from the Sanctum Empire, Alan," she explained.
"But interrogation! It's too much; she didn't start it. They came to her and she acted out of self-defense. She's only a child."
"I also believe that she is of more use to us alive. She may lead us to more information. And though I can see she's only a child, the other members of the council cannot. Ashra has clearly demonstrated her capabilities as a weapon, and now we know why the empire wants her. She has killed two of our men aboard the Aurelius. You know as well as I do she will be hated by everyone when word spreads, if it hasn't already. The people are seeking blood and the council has decided to give it to them. We know of no way to harness her powers without inviting destruction upon ourselves, so interrogation was their only remaining option. It was not a unanimous vote, but it was the majority, and so it is their suggestion that shall be executed."
"Executed," Alan scoffed. "Poor choice of words, Claudia. You know what they do at interrogations. You know that they will torture her until she can sustain no more, then they will parade her through the hub, where those that are gathered, and for her there will be many, will pelt her with abuse and filth, and then she will be publicly executed to the cheers of the crowd."
"You don't need to explain to me what happens in the hub," Claudia said. Her voice was calm but there was an icy bite to her words. "I helped establish the rules. Interrogations have been the best means of extracting information. It is the threat of violence, not the actual act of, that has gotten us the knowledge we have sought in the past."
"But she doesn't have it. She doesn't have the knowledge. She doesn't know where Sanctuary is. I've asked; others have asked. I believe her. She has told us all she knows." Alan sat down on a chair facing the desk and let out a sigh. "Is there any way you can stop this?" he asked.
"There are things that are out of even my power. I cannot pardon the crimes of another."
"She has committed no crime, other than being born to the wrong family. To the wrong side."
"And that is why the Zodiac Council was so adamant in pushing their agenda. We have a princess, a member of the royal family. After Galea, her public torture and death would bring a greatly needed morale boost. It would show all of the Einhart that we have the ability to destroy not only their soldiers, but their leaders, their most precious royals as well. They don't care that she's a little girl; they care that she's a Sanctum princess."
Alan dismissed her arguments with a wave of his hand. "Sometimes I wonder why I'm fighting," he said. "Why can't they realize that she's flesh and blood? Just like everyone else here?"
"You're in no position to say that," Claudia said. Her hologram sat on the desk. "You have killed countless Sanctum soldiers with no remorse. You were, and are, driven by revenge, and it has not been so long for many of those here."
Alan was silent. He had no response because she was correct. He put his head in his hands. "When's it going to happen?" he asked, his voice muffled by his palms.
"The council has just adjourned and the secretary will be inputting the commands. It should take no more than ten minutes for the guards to retrieve her from her cell."
"Her cell? I told you she's not?"
"I know and you know. The council doesn't." She hopped off the edge of the table, and Alan could've sworn he saw a spring in her step. "The favor you called in should be done by now. You'll find it at the end of dock 6-S."
Alan didn't know how she knew, but she was, after all, the High Adjudicant. He was already out the door before Claudia's image winked out of existence.
His feet pounded down the carpeted hallway that led to one of the lifts between the bridge and the rest of the ship. He entered, scanned his palm, and confirmed the location of his apartment. When the lift started to move, he brought up the schematics of the Aurelius, noting that dock 6-S was in a relatively unpopulated area, next to the munitions depot. But it was still far away. He opened a channel to Argus.
"Argus, is she still there?"
A moment of static, followed by, "Yes boss, she's fine."
"Get her dressed in civilian clothing, and you too. Find something in my closet that fits you and get a gun. Also, there's a drawer with a lock on it. Break it and find a small marble. It should be black; looks like it's made of glass."
He heard Argus rummaging through his stuff in his messy quarters. "I can't find anything here. Your room is as cluttered as your mind," Argus said, and Alan wished he had cleaned up earlier. "What is this, some new breed of vegetable?" Argus asked. Alan heard gagging and the sound of the package being resealed. "Not new. Rather old," Argus said in between gulps of air. Alan thought back; it might've been the cuzich, the long, green vegetable undoubtedly covered in a layer of fuzzy mold. Alan had left it on his desk before leaving for Galea.
"Just look for it," Alan said. "Take care of Ashra first. I'll tell Aki to meet us. Alan out."
When the lift arrived, it took every fiber of Alan's self-control to not run. Not wanting to raise suspicion, he walked quickly and silently in case anyone else happened to be there.
He opened the door and found Argus. The big man wore khaki shorts and an ill-fitting t-shirt that was ripped near the biceps when he put his arm through it. Ashra was covered in a cloak. "She wouldn't take the dress off," Argus said. "Said that there were things she needed to keep safe." 
Alan nodded his understanding. "Did you find the marble?" he asked.
Argus shook his head. Alan pushed past him. The lock on the cabinet was broken without tools; the doors were pried open with sheer force and Alan marveled at Argus's strength. Alan dug through the cabinet and threw weapon parts and unopened bullet boxes to the ground. "Damn it," he said when he couldn't find it. With his hands on his hips, he looked around his small apartment for an object he knew he had.
"Boss, our time is short. Is this truly necessary?" Argus asked.
Alan dismissed his question with a wave of his hand. He opened up a closet and looked at the top shelf.
"Aha! Here it is." He reached inside a drawer. When he turned to face them, he held a black bead between his fingers and made Ashra feel it. "This will constantly transmit your position to me. If you need us, smash it on the ground and I'll see where you were last. These normally come in pairs, but," he looked back inside the drawer, "I only have one."
Alan knelt down and tucked it into the complex belt Aki made earlier.
<Thank you,> she said. She had never heard of anything like it before.
Alan nodded and the three went to the lift.

***

"My Lord First Prince, her escape pod is not where it used to be."
Seth, Voice of the Empire, sat huddled against a wall, wearing the rags that made him look like any of the other refugees that sought shelter. No one took a second glance at the lonely man with his head between his legs.
"Where is it, then?" he whispered.
"An authority higher than myself has blocked anyone from accessing its location. It must be Claudia." His informant's voice was intelligible but garbled, scrambled across a thousand relays before it reached him.
"I didn't come here to sightsee," Seth said. "Tell me where Ashra is."
"My apologies My Lord, for I do not know. But there may be a way to find her. There was a spike in delta waves below in the isolation chambers. The ship has been detecting faint traces of those waves with the new sensors that were recently installed."
"Enough talk. Show me."
A map of the ship scrolled across his eyes. A hazy mist of red could be seen where the ship recorded the delta waves. They were concentrated heavily in the bottom of the Aurelius. But there, along one of the pipe lift routes, a red dot moved down.
Seth got up and disappeared into the dark alley he had been sitting in. He left the rags he wore on the ground.

***

Aki met the trio when their lift arrived. She replaced her tight suit with loose-fitting clothes, but underneath it, Alan could see the outline of pouches and guns. He had rarely seen her in anything outside of her uniform, but she moved with grace and seemed comfortable in whatever she wore.
"This way," she said. Going through a densely populated area wasn't the best route, but it was the shortest, and they didn't have time. The munitions depot was still another floor below them, but due to safety issues the transport lifts didn't go there. The escape bay was still further beyond that, but first they had to get through the hub.
Surrounded by the three biospheres, the hub acted as the civilian center of the ship. When they entered, Ashra almost slipped on the grime. The walls were wet from condensation coming from the pipes that ran across the ceilings high above them. Inside the hub it was always night. Tiny storefronts with neon signs as large as their entrances sold all manner of strange things collected from different worlds. The goods that came into the Aurelius were highly regulated by officials, but with enough credits and the right connections, one could get almost anything.
Aki led the way, watching for anyone with too much curiosity. She wove through the crowd like a fish through water; a deft turn of her shoulder or a gentle push deflected the traffic that came her way. But there were many people heading in every direction, and she had to slow down and wait as some of them bumped into Alan, who was encumbered by a small girl wearing a hood that covered her face.
Relentless vendors held up trinkets along with the dried husks of animals and plants. One said to Aki, "A new necklace for the pretty lady? Finest ore from Batten!" She waved him aside and continued forward. Some would whistle after her, saying lewd but flattering things. She ignored them as well.
Ashra had never been to a marketplace like this one before. She heard vendors hawking fresh fruits and fried pastries. There were the scents of cooking, sweat, and the bitter smell of spirits mixed with an undercurrent of sewage and rot. It was a fascinating experience; far removed from the sterile halls she was raised in. She wished she could've stayed longer, if she were someone else. Someone who could appreciate the sights with her own eyes and converse in the dialects of different cultures with her own tongue.
Though the crowd bumped into Alan and paid no attention to the girl, they parted as Argus made his way through. Argus could recognize the other Galeans by their height as they stood out from the crowd; there were maybe one or two. He yearned to talk to them, to ask if anyone else made it out, but he had a job to do.
The stench of rot became stronger as they wound their way through the hub. They emerged off to the side of a round pavilion, where a young man was stripped naked and steeped in his own waste, locked behind a cage of light, similar to the light that had held Ashra just hours ago. He silently endured as cuffs cut into his wrists and chains held him suspended from two tall posts. His feet barely touched the ground. Even if he wanted to cry out, he would have had trouble through the blue gag stuffed into his mouth, the color denoting his Sanctum affiliation. His interrogation had ended a couple days ago and not much of the crowd remained, but there were individuals that would stand outside his cage and pelt him with words and humiliation for lack of anything better to do. Street urchins would dare each other to get as close as they could to the cage. They would almost reach him before he snapped at them with a turn of his head and unfulfilled violence in his eyes. But he was losing energy, having been without water and food ever since he was strung up, and the most he could muster was a strained bobbing of his head. High above him was a holographic sign that rotated in the air. "Sanctum." There was no name, no accusation. Once he had been labeled as the enemy, as the other, he was no longer human. He may have been a spy, or he may have been a simple soldier captured from the last battle. It did not matter to the public, who only wanted something to keep their hate strong.
"Barbaric," Argus muttered under his breath.
Ashra took notice. She had been diving in and out of people's minds for short periods of time, gleaning what colors and sights she could without being detected. She looked through Argus's eyes and saw the scene he saw. She had felt the man's presence once before, on the Edict. She recalled him being sent as a spy, because of how innocent and young he looked. But friend or foe, no one deserved such a fate. She said a silent prayer for him, hoping his torment would end quickly.
The hologram above the man changed and Argus looked again. All he needed to see was an image of Ashra's face, the Sanctum emblem, a series of numbers, and a credit sign after it to know what it meant. "That's a rather large ransom isn't it?" he said.
Alan looked up. "Damn. That was less than ten minutes."
"The one time your government is efficient," Aki said.
They maintained their speed, hesitant to call attention to themselves. They stuck to the edges, away from the center of the hub and the largest crowds. But after Aki ignored one vendor who was trying to push on her some ridiculous hat that was supposed to be the latest fashion, the woman didn't waste any time. She turned to Ashra and kneeled, offering her the same item. "Little girl, this hat is much prettier than a cloak," she said. Before Alan could stop her, she pulled off the hood that covered Ashra's face. She saw the princess's face and the woman knew. With the reward the Zodiac Council was offering, she and her stolen goods would never need to return to the streets. She made a vicious grab for Ashra but fell to the ground when Alan's fist collided with her head.
"Move!" he said. Aki stepped aside and Argus came forward. The big man started with long steps, pushing people out of his path as gently as he could. The steps gradually turned into great strides that were felt as tremors through the ground. Though he was not a sprinter, Argus's height and thick legs gave him speed and force to use. He gave people one warning to move out of his way before he trampled over them. He hoped that they would think it was some kind of emergency, and not that they had the Sanctum princess with them. But as he pushed and tossed aside those that wouldn't get out of his way, he caught some glances behind him that worried him.
Ashra had already stumbled once, so Alan scooped her up in his arm. She was light, almost too light, and he wished that he had asked Aki to also smuggle some food in for her. She wasn't malnourished, but she weighed so little in his arms. He was afraid Argus's wake would blow her away.
Aki brought up the back, running with one hand held near her waist, ready to fend off anyone too curious or greedy. She had hidden needles inside the jade bracelet on her wrist, and she now took them out and held a needle in between each of her fingers. Whenever she saw a suspicious face or heard a knowing gasp, she threw one of them at the offender. They would scrunch their faces up in pain before feeling a million insects crawl upon their skin as the toxin entered their bloodstream and caused them to hallucinate. Most were too busy getting out of the way of the giant hurtling towards them to notice the people who followed behind him, but Aki was running out of needles.
Argus looked back without breaking stride. "How much longer?" he asked.
Alan checked the map. "Make a right at the next alley. We can cut down the stairs to the munitions depot."
They had to cover a long strip of ground. Aki risked a glace back. A sizable mob had built up behind them, chanting for Ashra. The mob wasn't fast but Alan was hampered by the princess and their going was slow. The howling of the crowd grew. He heard an undertone of anger, overshadowed by zealous avarice.
As the men leading the mob gained on them, Aki pulled out a small sachet and threw it behind her. The pressurized smoke erupted and a hazy darkness covered the area, temporarily slowing the crowd down, but she knew it wouldn't keep them away for long.
Argus almost overshot the corner. Alan put Ashra down and reached out a hand to stop him. When Alan grabbed Argus's arm, his own was almost torn from its socket by the large man's momentum. "Here!" Alan cried out. 
Argus looked right at the last moment. Without stopping, he pivoted on one foot and threw his weight and momentum into a locked door. It crumpled beneath his shoulder, flew off its hinges and embedded itself into the concrete wall of the staircase. The crash had stopped his charge, and he ushered the three of them past him. The staircase was narrow and they had to go down one after the other. After they were through, he stayed behind. "I'll take care of them here!" he said. He watched as motion-detecting lights turned on as the others went down and vanished from sight.
He turned around. The doorway was narrow and he blocked most of it with his bulk alone. The people that chased them were closing the gap quickly. Argus could hear the bloodlust in their cries. He looked around for any weapons, but all he saw were metal carts filled with food, abandoned by their owners when they saw Argus approaching. He grabbed one in each hand as if they were as light as empty baskets and pulled them to the staircase entrance. He held one by its handle at his side. A man wearing clothes too fashionable for his age came into view, leading an angry mob of around thirty people behind him. Argus grabbed the cart handle with both hands and spun on one foot, using the cart as a counterbalance. He spun four times, gaining more speed with each revolution. He aimed low. With a final glimpse at his target, he let the cart fly. Like a food-laden missile, it skimmed the surface of the ground before colliding with the man. The cart broke a few ribs as it impacted, sending him and those behind him flying backwards. They landed on the floor and didn't get up.
Argus watched the cart go. A blur leapt over the cart, jumping an impossible distance towards him. Argus wouldn't have noticed it if not for how the light seemed to bend around its form, like heat waves that distorted the air. It was well camouflaged, but it looked like the shape of a man, a man that seemed familiar to him.
Argus brought out his gun and fired two shots at the figure that flew overhead. One went wide and ricocheted off the ceiling. The other hit its mark as the figure twisted in midair. A trail of blood appeared next to Argus. But the figure continued on its trajectory and landed inside the staircase. With its invisibility destroyed by his bullet, Argus saw a man covered in a tight black suit. The man disappeared down the stairs.
Argus accessed his com. "One got through. Look out behind you," he said.
"Just one?" Alan asked. He was panting on the other end. 
"Yes."
There was the pattering of running feet. "Almost at the escape pod. Rendezvous below," Alan said.
"Understood. Argus out." Now all he had to do was deal with the remainder of the mob. He aimed his gun at the ceiling, brandishing it as a warning. 
The crowd stopped in front of him. One by one, they each pulled out their own weapons. Some were plasma-based from Sanctum, while others were types Argus had never seen before. All were aimed at him. He hung his head and let out a long sigh. Life was never easy. He grabbed the remaining cart and held it up as a shield as they opened fire. It was peppered with ammunition from different worlds and began leaking a fragrant sauce. With the cart in front of him, he took two steps backwards down the staircase behind him. Not giving the crowd time to catch up, he pulled on the door he had slammed into the concrete earlier. After a couple of hard wrenches it came free, loosening chunks of cement that fell around him. He smashed it back into its frame and wedged the cart between the narrow walls, ramming the cart with his weight to make sure there was no space between it and the door. Furious but futile pounding came from the other side. He made his way down the stairs, his broad shoulders brushing against the walls.

Chapter 17

The munitions depot was a long hallway filled with unused ordnance. Weapons were stacked in shelves, some rows reaching so high that Alan couldn't see the tops of them. Some of it was held in crates and organized by shell size. Unused missiles lay in neat rows, waiting to be loaded into launch tubes. Judging by the layer of dust on the floors and weapons, very few people came down here; probably the reason why Claudia chose this isolated portion of the ship, he thought.
Alan heard it before he saw it. Above the stacked towers of weapons was the silhouette of a man. The man leapt from stack to stack, pushing off the walls and landing gracefully on the tops of the boxes. Beads of blood fell to the ground as he moved, leaving crimson drops that splattered around them. Alan barely pulled Ashra aside when the figure came crashing down, its outstretched arms aimed for the princess. Alan took two steps backward and the man's hands closed on air. The man stood up from his crouched position to his full height, easily two heads taller than Alan.
Aki was ahead of them. She stopped, turned around and threw her remaining needle at the open wound on the man's chest. Alan and Ashra ran past her.
"Petty tricks," the man said. Though his face was different, Alan recognized the voice, the Voice of the Empire, and he knew it was Seth. Next to him, Ashra finally knew who the blue perpetual in her Empyrean was. She was pulled along as Alan made his way deeper into the depot. Alan hated leaving Aki behind, but he had no time to consider other options.
Seth raced forward, but Aki held her own against him. After being knocked against the temple wall in Galea, she knew his tactics better. She dodged one fist after another, always trying to pull out one of the weapons she had hidden on her. But Seth gave her no chance to do so. One stray step and one of his massive fists or feet would take her out of the fight. There was no room for error, no room to be sloppy. 
She danced between the rows of crates, using each one to conceal her movements as she jumped between one stack and the next. Seth was not so graceful and smashed them to pieces as she ducked and twirled. The crates spilled unfired rounds and torn pieces of plastic around her. She relied on her fast kicks to keep his attention, to prevent him from going after Ashra, but she knew it was only a matter of time before she ran out of boxes to hide behind. The escape bay was hidden behind this maze of organized armaments; she only hoped Alan would have enough time to reach it.
It was this stray thought that caused her to lose track of Seth's knee. As she jumped back to avoid Seth's grab, he pushed himself off the ground and his knee connected with Aki's solar plexus. Blood escaped her lips as she smashed into two towers of crates. She slid across the floor with her remaining momentum and blacked out. Seth didn't bother to finish her off; he ran past the few remaining boxes to catch up to Alan and Ashra. 
Ashra struggled to keep up with Alan's pace. They went past rows and rows of similar shelves, but all Ashra could see was the yellow light in front of her, holding her and guiding her. Behind her was the blue light, ever closer, its pull ever stronger.
Alan was glad to see that there was no door that separated the escape bay from the weapons depository. The corner of the room dead-ended into a small alcove that held only three small ships. Two were easily identifiable as belonging to the Einhart. These were oblong and dull gray; escape vessels that could take many at once. Connected to the wall furthest away from them was Ashra's pod. Behind the raised door, Alan could see the red form-fitting cushions and navigation panel were still intact. 
"I don't know what your mother was planning," Alan said, "but I hope it's safe where you were going." He prayed the miniature darkspace drive inside it was still functional. They were about to enter the bay when Seth caught up with them. He leapt forward and landed in front of Alan, blocking their path. Alan quickly retreated a few steps, keeping Ashra behind him. He kept his hand on Ashra and his eyes on Seth, watching as the prince rose to his full height. As Seth focused on the princess, his face began to change shape. The lines and wrinkles around his eyes and mouth disappeared, the crags and valleys rising and filling out until all that remained was smooth alabaster. His skin was once again flawless. His eyes were filled with the same malice and cunning Alan had seen earlier.
Seth looked at Ashra and spoke to her. "Come back, Ashra, Princess of the Void." His intoxicating voice filled the air and Ashra's ears. "Your place is with the empire, among the royals. Now that you are of age, you belong in Sanctuary, to rule over it and all the other worlds along with us, your family. It is your duty to your father the emperor and all the peoples that shall bow to you. Come back to us." He held out a hand. He would've turned that hand into a fist through Alan's gut if he could, but he didn't know what Alan would to the princess. Seth needed her alive and safe. That meant he had to charm her.
"Don't listen to him," Alan said. 
Seth ignored him. "You will always be an enemy here, always hunted," he said. "You have already seen how they treat you and the other Sanctum. Come back to your family, Ashra. Your mother was a fool to leave us; she didn't know what her actions would do to her daughter. Look at what happened. You, prisoner to our greatest foe!" He stretched his hand out further, waiting for her to take it. "Come back to where you belong."
She stepped out from behind Alan, her face unreadable. <You are my brother?> she asked, broadcasting her thoughts so that both Seth and Alan could hear her.
"I am Seth, the First Prince, Voice of the Empire. You are my sister."
She gravitated towards Seth, pulling harder now, stretching Alan's arm out. Alan was stuck. He couldn't run past Seth with Ashra in his arms. The only reason he was still alive was because of the distance they had from the prince. Once Seth could step in between them and remove Ashra, his advantage, and his life, was lost. "Straight behind you," he whispered to her.
She wiggled her fingers in his palm. He didn't know if she understood, but all he could do was trust. He let her go.
She ran forward. Alan was faster. He launched past Ashra and crashed into Seth with his shoulder, knocking himself and the prince off balance. Though Ashra was tempted by Seth's words, she didn't stop. She ran straight past them. 
Alan and Seth wrestled on the floor. Seth quickly gained the upper hand, pinning Alan to the ground and leaving bruises on his shoulder. From his position on the ground, Alan heard someone coming. He turned his head and caught a glimpse of Argus dragging something large and metal behind him, making sparks fly from the ground. With his last spurt of energy, Alan kicked Seth off of him and rolled away. 
Argus came up, flexed his shoulders and swung the missile in a large arc. The side of the missile cone crashed into Seth's torso. Alan saw it connect as if time had slowed. Seth's ribs compressed slightly to absorb the impact. In the next moment the prince was gone, leaving a trail of broken boxes and scattered ammunition in his wake.
Alan rolled onto his stomach. Simple commands ran through his mind. Hands down, push up, pump legs. The royals never stayed down for long. He rushed to Ashra's side, grabbed her hand, tiny in his, and guided her towards the escape pod. 
"You are your father's daughter, but you are your own person as well, Ashra," Alan said. "Your family doesn't burden you anymore." He checked the systems on the escape pod. "Live your life and be happy," he said. "That's the only thing a dad should wish for his kid."
He picked her up and placed her on the cushions. They began to puff up around her.
Ashra hesitated. In the last three days she had come to enjoy the presence of this man very much. She steeled her courage and reached out to him while she still could, this pale yellow light that had always been close to her in the Empyrean. She didn't know why she did it, and she didn't know what it would do, but she leaned over and kissed him on the forehead.
Alan was concentrating on the diagnostics when he felt a tingle travel from between his eyebrows and spread along his skin, as if an electric current had run down his body and ended at the tips of his toes. With a shake of his arm, Alan shook it off and regained his footing. "Be safe," he said. He input the final command. The door sealed and the escape pod launched, shaking the small bay with the force of its departure.
He opened a line to the High Adjudicant.
"Claudia, can you hide Ashra's ship from our sensors?"
"I don't know what ship you're talking about," Claudia said. He smiled, knowing Ashra would be safe.
Alan heard gunshots and knew he didn't have much time. Argus fired off round after round. Seth, now unhampered by the throng of people, sidestepped each one with ease and blew past the large man without even bothering to disarm him. Alan remained in the bay, pistol drawn and ready. It only took a moment for Seth to register Alan's smug look to know that Ashra was already gone. He dodged each of Alan's bullets, dove into one of the escape vessels and launched it. A second later, Seth's own ship, which had been waiting in darkspace, reentered normal space next to the Aurelius. Alan glared at it, but a part of him was impressed by the precision shift.
It looked to be a modified cruiser, designed with a focus on stealth and speed, which would explain how it evaded the Aurelius's sensors. The escape vessel had disappeared inside of the cruiser. Normal space engines located in its rear were changing configuration, glowing white and blue as they prepared to pursue Ashra. 
"Seth's ship is located right outside the bay," Alan said.
"Seth? The prince?" Claudia asked. Even she sounded a little surprised.
"Yes. He was here to collect Ashra. You better hurry if you want to catch it."
Claudia, still connected to the ship, relayed the message and coordinates to Simmons, who currently stood as the right helmsman. 
"Destroy the ship!" Simmons commanded. "Without the First Prince the empire will be leaderless."
Trace his ship, Claudia corrected privately, the words scrolling across his palm from his wristband.
"Belay that order," he said. "Launch the tracers. If we can find where Sanctuary is we can end this war."
Like a swarm of insects, a group of small spearheads shot into space, designed to burrow into hull plating with their sharp tips. Each was equipped with a long distance transmitter. They boosted forward on their single-burst engines.
Seth's ship had only started to pick up speed when the tracers shot after him. He released a series of small toroid mines behind him. The donut-shaped mines arranged themselves into a defensive matrix in the wake of his engines. One of the tracers came close and a mine detonated. It wasn't a concussive blast, but rather an electromagnetic pulse that stopped a whole swath of the tracers dead in its tracks, turning them into nothing more than floating pieces of metal.
Seth still had to maneuver to outrace the rest. By the time the last of them clunked uselessly against the ship's shield, Ashra's pod had already disappeared. He cursed and pounded the console, leaving two fist-shaped indentations in the steel. The only thing left was to report back to his father when the emperor emerged. He shifted into darkspace.

Chapter 18

"All the surveillance cameras in the munitions depot were offline," Claudia said. "Though, that was by my order." She was drying off with a towel when Alan went to see her. She was immaculate in her green suit, but her long blonde hair was still wet, flowing past the seat of the chair she sat in.
"Seth must be very good at infiltration," Alan said. He took the seat across from her.
"Yes, he must be. Still, to think Seth got aboard this ship. As a refugee no less." She looked up at him. "It points out many flaws we have in our security."
"The Einhart has always taken on refugees in their time of need."
She ignored him. "And how did Seth know where to find her? That bothers me the most. We have always had traitors in our midst, but this one ranks higher than I feared." She turned to him. "So Ashra is gone, yes?"
"She won't be coming back."
"I would've liked to have known more about a weapon such as her, but we learned a lot from her short time here. In case we ever encounter the princess or something like her ever again, Dr. Guren is working on ways to counter her abilities. We also have the technology from the Edict to help us out." A thought crossed her mind. "Speaking of technology?" She pulled up a schematic of Ashra's escape pod, and maneuvered it so that it floated beside her. For a moment, Alan was afraid Claudia still knew where Ashra was, but then she said, "Before she left with the escape pod, Guren managed to find out more about its darkspace drive." Alan's mind relaxed.
It zoomed in onto the spherical fullerene and the darkness it enclosed inside of itself. This darkspace drive was similar to what the Umbra had, but it was simpler and smaller. Its lines were cleaner, removing the bulky excesses that were required for stabilizing the core and instead replacing it with geometric shielding. It relied on energy rather than physical materials. 
"It's still functional like this?" Alan asked, rotating the image.
"Yes. And since it lacks the clutter, far more accurate jumps can be made. At least that's what the prototype has demonstrated. We modified two existing engines with these specifications and installed one on the Umbra. I thought it would be useful, considering the nature of your missions. Think of it as a gift."
"Thanks. I'm sure we'll put it to good use." Alan traced its lines with his finger. "Who made it?"
"Very few people have the skills and knowledge to do this," Claudia said. The image of the darkspace engine was replaced by the projection a planet, rough and craggy. A storm raged on its surface. Alan wondered how she did it without any gestures or visible commands. Perhaps Claudia was still connected with the ship somehow even after she left the integration chamber.
"We have always had ties with the empire, whether we wanted to or not," she said. "Abyssinia is technically a Sanctum holding. But some of their researchers are sympathetic to our cause, and their wallets are sympathetic to our credits. Regardless, Abyssinia is one of the forefront worlds for scientific research. Research we need."
"Sanctum has gone lax, or they're spread too thin to control their territories," Alan said.
"I'm surprised it's taken the empire as long as it had to rein them in. The emperor must be in cocoon after taking the Erudite, leaving Seth to do as he pleases."
"I think that's the case," Alan said. "Should Seth take the throne, we'd have a larger problem on our hands than we do already." He turned back to the projection of the planet. "What have you heard from Abyssinia?"
"Nothing," Claudia said. "And that's the problem. They've gone silent, and our negotiations with them concerning their new light-based weapons have gone cold."
Alan knew what was coming. "My mission?" he asked.
"Find out what happened," Claudia said. "Though we may have lost a resource, every setback hides an opportunity. We relied on peaceful commerce to get what we wanted before, but if there's something amiss on their research station, we have the chance to obtain things that credits can't buy."
Alan considered the ethical implications but let them slide. This was war and Claudia always had her reasons. He was there to follow orders. He popped another Virifen into his mouth, but had trouble swallowing it. They had started tasting bitterer recently.
"It's a good thing that they're under Sanctum rule," she said. "If there is even the remote chance we can locate Sanctuary, the throneworld, we can finally bring this war to them, rather than wait for the next territory to fall," she said. Alan nodded.
 "You will be given a platoon consisting of light infantry along with a technologist," she continued. "We cannot be perceived as a threat or we risk losing what information they do have. You are reconnaissance, and you will be offering assistance on behalf of the Einhart. Officially, Sylvan Winters will be leading this excursion, but you will have ultimate command as Second Medium. He, along with the rest of the crew, have been briefed on this point. 
The image of a man with thinning white hair appeared. "Our contact has always been Dr. Ballard; find him and find out what happened. His last transmission, a few hours ago, put his location here." She added the marker to his map of the planet. "People are cooperative when their lives are at stake, and he should be no different. Let Sylvan do the talking. You are my left hand, and will remain in the shadows until necessary."
She slid forward a clear tube containing a small metal spike that was held aloft by a magnetic field. The surface of the spike was shaped like a smooth cone. It was covered in small holes, and underneath it, Alan could see bundles of tiny cables within the spike.
"Your data mine. The largest one we've ever made, so take care of it. There are some new modifications, including an EMP once it's finished to clear your tracks. You can read the manual during transit."
Alan took it and slid it into his pocket. "You're expecting a lot of data. We'll be lucky if we find enough to fill half of it."
"One never knows, but we are not in the business of luck. We make our luck," she said. She stood up. Alan quickly followed, his arm automatically snapping into a salute. 
"May the Fates watch over you," she said.

Chapter 19

Alan rested on his bed. It was no more than a hunk of metal riveted to the wall of the Umbra with form-fitting gel cushioning thrown on top of it. Still, he had slept on worse and had no trouble falling asleep, especially after the energy he expended making sure Ashra escaped. With their upcoming mission, he knew rest and sleep were just as important as a good firearm.
Though the princess was gone, he saw her in his dream. In the final moments before sleep overtook him, the last thing he remembered was the sensation of falling. He expected a spasm to shake him awake, but none came.
When he opened his eyes, there was no light. He was floating, but whether he was facing up or down he could not tell; there were no stars to guide him nor ground to stand on. But when he looked at himself, he could see a pair of hands resting on his chest. He moved them and noticed they were his own. They were lit from within, as if the light from a moon was captured and released inside his body, shaded with a pale yellow.
As soon as he thought about Ashra, a figure appeared kneeling on top of the darkness in front of him. The figure grew brighter, and a hill sprouted from under its knees, teeming with fresh grass until it reached a sandy dune that encircled an island. That was followed by water, cool and clear, stretching as far as he could see. His feet had found purchase on the edge of the island, his boots making indents in the sand.
The figure stood up. It was Ashra, but different. Her eyes, complete with pupils and irises, twinkled with sense and seeing. She spoke in a voice that rang clear, fitting of the child it belonged to. It had substance and echoed around them instead of just in his mind.
"Alan? What are you doing here?" she asked. There was confusion in her eyes, but no fear. "I never knew anyone could visit me here."
"I?I don't know," he responded. "I was falling asleep. Falling?and then you appeared." He looked around. "Am I dreaming? Is this real? You look real." He knelt down and felt the sand, letting it run through his fingers. "It feels real."
"I think you are dreaming," Ashra said. "But that doesn't mean it's not real." She stood up in the Auroran dress Alan had sent her off in. "This is where I live. Where I spend my time," she said. She gestured to the night sky above them. "I call it the Empyrean." Alan could make out the edges of the island on the other side, faint in the darkness. Flower petals, fragrant, soft, and pink, fell down on them from above. Alan looked up and saw that a tree grew from the center of the island, its trunk gnarled and twisted. He came close to Ashra, brushing past her as he reached out to touch the tree. She was substantial and alive, as real as could be. The tree's bark felt rough under his hands.
"This tree has always been here," she said. "It was once just a sprout, but it has grown as I have grown."
"It's beautiful," he said. With one look he knew it was the same tree that sprouted on Galea. He guessed that its seed was the same shape as the one that appeared in Ashra's cell on the Aurelius. But here it was not made of light; its bark was brown and its light pink flowers gave off the faintest perfume.
She nodded in agreement. "You may enjoy it more if you were more comfortable," she said. She pointed to his feet and pockets, still bulging with equipment.
Alan looked down at his boots, still slowly sinking into the sand. He tried to remember the last time he walked somewhere without purpose, and he couldn't remember when that was. Yet while he was here, he didn't want to wear these boots. As the thought formed in his head, his boots disappeared and his bare feet replaced them. The sand was warm and the granules started filling in the spaces between his toes.
He looked at her, confused.
"This is my world, my universe," she said, spreading her arms and spinning, the way a happy child might. "When I was born, this was only emptiness, and for a long time I lived in darkness. I was called the child of the void by those who knew of me. But as I grew and understood those around me, these lights appeared above, dotting my black sky with all sorts of colors." 
Alan looked up at the pinpricks of light that faded in and out of the sky, as if a cosmic weaver was sewing with thread that cycled through the colors of a rainbow. Ashra continued, "Many have wondered how I, blind though I am, could know what color was, what beauty was. But they don't know that I have these stars. I can pluck each one out of the sky, just like this." She reached up and pulled a star towards her as if it were no more than a ripe fruit on a branch. "I borrow their sight, and in doing so, I have come to know what colors are and how people see them." She played with the star in her hand, rolling it around her palm like a pebble. "I have noticed," she mused, "that most people have the same favorite color. It's just what one person calls green, another person calls blue, and what one calls purple another may call yellow."
She brought the star to her eye. "I only see people who are close to me. Their stars fade when I am further away." She stood on her tiptoes and put it in front of Alan's eye. He saw the inside of another ship, unfamiliar characters manipulated by hands that danced across them with familiarity.
She released the star and it floated back into the sky. He watched as it ascended and settled back into its place, rotating with the others. 
"Now that you are here, I finally have the opportunity to see you with my own sight," Ashra said. She came up to him and stood up on her toes, while Alan knelt down and put his face close to hers. "You have the most beautiful eyes," she said. "I haven't seen their kind before, but then again, I don't have the chance to look into people's eyes often. What color are they?"
"I think they're mostly gray, with some other colors thrown in. I haven't really looked," Alan admitted. He gazed towards the center of the sky above the tree. There was an empty space surrounded by larger stars that didn't move. They sat firmly in their places and watched the other stars revolve around them.
"What are those?" he asked, pointing to them.
She followed his gaze. "I call them the perpetuals. These perpetual stars were some of the first to appear here. By their light I could see myself, and so I could make everything else you see here." She grabbed one of the perpetuals, a deep blue one, and tried to pull it down. It didn't budge. "I believe they are my family and my relatives. I cannot see through their eyes as I can with others. Perhaps my father saw to that." She pointed to one of them; a star that shone like it was covered in purple ice. "That one has always been there. Next to it, there once was one that was pink like the skin of a peach. But after my mother's death, it's disappeared. All that remains of her perpetual is the dark hole there," she said, looking at the emptiness Alan noticed earlier.
Alan was awkward during moments like these. "I'm sorry," he muttered.
"You needn't be," she said. "She wanted a better life for us. I am sad that she had to die for it, but her dreams and wishes live on through me." She stood up. "Thanks to you, I know now the true extent of the atrocities committed by my family and the empire. Though it was difficult, I am glad I was the outcast, the unwanted and useless child, so that I could see the galaxy with eyes untainted by their lust for power."
She walked over to the water's edge, near where Alan was standing. She kept going, her feet making small ripples as she walked across the surface of the water. "I wanted to thank you," she said, "for saving me and finishing what my mother set out to do. This world makes dreams into reality, or as close as it can be. Just as you did not need your boots," she said, pointing to his bare feet, "nor do you need the past that burdens your mind."
Alan's eyes became steel and his lips grew firm. "My past is my own, and it belongs in the past," he said.
"I do not know what happened, but it is clear you have seen much more than you should have in your years."
Alan smiled briefly and looked at her. "And what would a child like you know of time?" he asked.
"Time stretches here, as it does in dreams," she said. "And so I have had much time to think and much time to observe. But it is only in these past few days that I have begun to act. So I offer you the only thing I can."
 "We're at war," Alan responded. "I'll have the luxury of time after we defeat the empire."
"There's always time, especially here. I'm not asking you to tell me what haunts you. I only ask for you to imagine what it would be like if it didn't follow you anymore." Her eyes narrowed, and Alan felt like she could see the entirety of his being. "It is like a shadow that clings to you, extinguishing your light that is so bright. Remember what it was like before the pain. Imagine if you didn't need those pills anymore."
"How did you??" his eyebrows furrowed in confusion, but his stubbornness won over his curiosity. "I could never be over it," he said. "I could never let it go."
"Imagine," she said. "Just imagine. I'm not asking you to be happy. I'm not asking you to forget. I'm asking you to remember. To remember with the love and joy you once had."
He looked down at the ground and searched inside of himself for a part that he had been afraid of. How long had it been? Three or four years? It couldn't have been more than that. He had not bothered to remember because he didn't want to. He put his hand on those memories. He wanted to open the lock that bound them. But his hand quavered; his will was unsteady. He withdrew.
"No," he said aloud. "They belong in the past. They have no place in the present."
Ashra tilted her head to the side and studied him. "Your thoughts are enough. You have moved the pebble that blocks the dam," she said. There was no hint of disappointment or judgment.
A vibration rattled across Alan's wrist, surprising him. "How could I be getting a message in this place?" he wondered.
"Time is warped and bent here, but your body still feels and your mind still responds," Ashra said. "I'm afraid you're needed elsewhere." She nodded towards his wrist.
He walked to one of the edges of the island and felt the water lap at his toes. "I hate to leave you Ashra. I have a feeling I won't be able to come back, but I have to go. We're on an important mission." He took another step and turned around to face her, feeling the water tickle the edge of his pants. "As long as I know you're safe, I can continue without worry on my mind." He looked around, but didn't see any exit. "Uh, how do I get out?"
"I'm not sure, but I'm guessing you can leave the same way you came in. Just go to sleep."
"That may be hard-" he said, but when he thought of the act of sleeping he collapsed onto the sand as the Empyrean willed his thought into reality. The image of his body disappeared. All that remained was a yellow light that hovered in the air. Ashra walked over and put her hands around it. She gave it a lift and helped it float back into the sky. The pale yellow perpetual returned to its place beside the icy purple perpetual and another green one. They hung at the top of the Empyrean, unmoving and bright. "I always believed it was you," she said to herself.
Inside her pod, she continued sleeping.

Chapter 20

"Have you seen the new darkspace drive?" Aki asked.
"Yeah. The engineers don't waste any time," Alan said. He had woken up an hour ago from the dream he had of Ashra. Reality had returned, but the Empyrean clung to him tighter than any dream or nightmare he ever had. Out of instinct, he had reached for his bottle of Virifen pills. His hand had wrapped around the bottle, but some part of him said they weren't needed anymore, and that he would never need to take another. He left them by the bed.
They sat at the command console while Argus reconfigured the arrangement of missiles aboard the ship. "I'm surprised they allowed me to come," the big man said. "Isn't this supposed to be a stealth mission?" He pointed to himself. "As you can see, I'm not the stealthiest person." As if to give life to his comment, the chair groaned under his weight as he squirmed about, trying to find a comfortable position. The seat was designed for someone more Aki's size.
"You'll fit," Alan responded, "and if you don't, we'll make you fit. There's lots of room in space." He reconfigured Argus's chair from his light console. On his display, he pinched the edges of the base and pulled them out. In response, the nanomachines scrambled out of the floor and up the base the chair. The swarm surrounded the edges of Argus's seat and added material to where Alan had indicated.
Argus moved his butt around the widened base. "Thanks."
Alan nodded then opened the com channel. "This is the Umbra, hailing dropship Meridian." Judging by the distortion in eta-waves in the normally smooth planes of darkspace, an object moved parallel to them. Alan's transmission traveled through the new darkspace core before it was sent through an encrypted channel and received by the Meridian's own core. Despite being encrypted, the Einhart had always tried to keep their broadcasts to a minimum. The Sanctum had surprised them before with ambushes that the empire could've only known about if they had intercepted the Einhart's messages. Alan only sent the message when they were about to enter normal space.
"Hail Umbra. This is Captain Sylvan Winters of the Meridian. Your orders, Second Medium?"
"You are set to shift to normal space in T-minus 30 seconds. Are all personnel ready?"
"Aye, sir. We are prepared to reenter."
"Good. As discussed earlier, maintain a geosynchronous orbit with the dark side of the seventh moon after reentering. I'll test the bounds of this prototype drive and shift in as close as I can to Abyssinia. After scouting, we'll report back with details. Umbra out."
"May the Fates grant you a favorable wind," he said.
Aki watched the sensors as the eta-waves smoothed. "The dropship has left darkspace," she announced.
"We're flying solo now. Field report."
"Multiple targets detected in the surrounding space," Argus said. "Abyssinia doesn't have a planetary ring, does it?" 
"No, it only has a series of moons," Alan said. They floated through the field of particles, passing through them harmlessly in their own dimension.
"There's a spot on the edge that's barely wide enough for the ship." Argus marked it on the projection. The circled area appeared on their consoles.
"If we reenter normal space on top of something that's already there, what happens?" Aki asked. Her voice betrayed no hint of emotion, yet she gripped the edge of the command console, her knuckles white.
"The worst that could happen?" Alan said. "The atoms superimpose on each other, destabilizing their structures and creating a chain reaction that explosively decompresses the hull." As a friend, he enjoyed seeing Aki in those rare moments of fear. "Or?nothing at all. Shields up," he said. She activated them quickly.
With a flick of two fingers, he shifted the ship back into normal space. The bubble around them collapsed, sending out a small shockwave that rippled through the vacuum, pushing away silver objects that floated near the Umbra. 
Alan was impressed. Normal reentry was usually accompanied by a larger compression wave as the different spaces normalized. But this was like poking a hole through space that expanded to accommodate the ship, as opposed to earlier shifting, which was like tearing through the fabric of reality.
"Scan the objects," Alan said. "What are their compositions?"
"Mostly planetside metals," Argus said. "Some electric charge hasn't dissipated yet." He looked at a piece floating in front of the cockpit, its jagged edges exposing circuits and leaking plasma. "It looks like what's left of their orbital defenses." He watched it drift further away and collide with a small toroid. Alan had seen that shape before, released from the back of Seth's ship. 
The toroid mine detonated. The silent and bright explosion flung debris in every direction. Some of it was knocked towards Abyssinia below, causing the pieces to burn up in its atmosphere.
"Dropship Meridian, this is the Umbra," Alan said. Orbital defenses around Abyssinia have already been destroyed. Whoever did it left a surprise for us. The minefield makes a direct landing too risky and I'd prefer not to reveal our location by detonating the mines from our current position."
"Understood, Second Medium," Sylvan said. "My men are ready to clear the minefield."
"We don't have time the clearing squads need. We'll use comets and force detonation once we're through. Make your way here and come through the hole we create. Looking at the spread pattern, it may not be open long. Follow when you can. Dr. Ballard's transponder is active on the surface and we'll be aiming there. Umbra out." He checked his wrist-mounted map. The blue blip that represented Dr. Ballard shone brightly. "This is our rendezvous point," he said to his team, marking the point on their shared map of Abyssinia.
The three of them had suited up inside their comets. Each comet was shaped like a teardrop, designed for point insertion. The curved portion that was the base contained the equipment they would need on the surface. All along the sides, the comets were covered in plate defenses designed to withstand the heat and stress of atmospheric entry. Inside, the comets were snug and tight against their stretched-out bodies. Argus was so big that it would only close if he went in without his armor; he had to stow it underneath. Only their hands were free to manipulate controls mapped to each finger. They could crane their heads to look through the clear display that formed the top of the cone, but the comet was designed for durability, not mobility. 
They waited inside the launch tubes of the Umbra. In front of them was the field of debris interspersed with mines. "The Umbra will perform a short-range darkspace jump after we launch," Aki said.
Alan nodded. "Let's go." Three muffled thumps sounded one after the other across the Umbra's hull. Alan was shot into the debris field at breakneck speed. He would have preferred to have gone slower, but he didn't want him and his team to be easy targets for any possible ground troops below. His display showed his teammates through the tracking devices in their own comets.
But there was something else. Multiple objects trailed behind them. The mines weren't stationary, Alan realized. As soon as they sped past them, the mines raced after the comets, their burning cores making the center of each mine glow blue.
"Release beads when they're close," Alan said. Two lights winked in acknowledgement on his display.
Alan used his thumb and pinky for navigation. He guided his comet past the remnants of plasma cannon barrels. He dodged poles that were twice as big as the comet was long, support structures that once maintained the cannons. The mines were getting closer and proximity warnings sounded. He tapped his finger and a spray of tiny silver beads trailed out from behind him. The mines went after the beads and exploded behind the trio. The three flooded the space behind them with more beads. The beads dispersed throughout the wreckage and between the mines.
He continued navigating through the ruins of what once must have been a huge network of orbital defenses. As he dropped closer to the planet, he could make out patches of land between the turbid clouds. He caught glimpses of tall mountains and deep valleys covered in rain.
In a small gap between mines and wreckage, Alan checked the status of the ships. The Umbra had shifted to darkspace and was no longer above him. In its place was the Meridian, ready to descend. Everything was going according to plan.
In his moment of looking away, a mine had appeared in front of him. He was so close that it filled up most of his view. He tried tilting the comet, but it was too late to change directions. He braced himself against the pod, but at this distance the explosion would shred through the comet and his body. He narrowed his eyes, staring down whatever fate had in store for him.
"Boss!" Alan heard Argus shout right before the big man slammed into him from the right, jarring his head and the sensors. Instead of killing Alan, the mine detonated off to the side of Argus's comet and sent the Galean spiraling away. Smoke trailed behind him.
Alan cursed his own lack of attention. "Argus! Argus! Status!" He waited for a response, but there was only silence.
Shortly after, Alan made it through the debris. The outside of his comet started to glow orange as it entered the atmosphere. As much as his thoughts went to his teammate that just saved his life, the dropship still needed a way to get through. "Activate remaining beads," he said. Aki acknowledged.
Behind them, the beads detonated. The explosions set off a chain reaction that grew more violent as debris was thrown into the mines that surrounded them. Different flashes of color bloomed then quickly cooled in space. When the explosions stopped, a hole had appeared through the detritus. The Meridian began its descent.
Alan scanned the horizon for any sign of Argus's comet. He saw a small black spot with a trail of smoke behind it start to enter the atmosphere. Argus's comet wasn't spinning anymore; its bottom was facing towards the planet, which meant Argus was still alive to adjust its position.
"His course has stabilized," Aki said. "With his current trajectory he'll be a few kilometers away. We'll find him."
Alan activated his own acknowledgement light. He shifted the position of the comet with two presses of his fingers. His feet now faced towards the planet. True to its name, a trail of red streaked past the top of his head and behind him as he burned through the lower layers of the atmosphere. Landing thrusters activated, consuming the last of the fuel as they made minute changes in course and slowed his descent. When he moved through the dark clouds, lightning flashed around him and rain pelted his screen. He continued plunging past the bottom of the clouds. He could barely make out the ground below him, but magnification showed that whatever battle had taken place was already over. Bodies were strewn across the ground. He zoomed in; the wounds they had were bloody and ragged, nothing like the burn marks of plasma.
He braced himself for impact. Even with the thrusters on full it would be a rough landing. The display read three, two, one. He felt the ground beneath him shake. His knees bent and sank into the cushioned interior as the comet absorbed the shock. A moment after touching down, the front cover of the comet detached and fell away. Alan jumped onto the craggy rock that was the ground. Rain immediately soaked his hair. He held his pistol aimed in front of him. The air was full of the smell of ozone, made stronger every time lightning bolted across the stormy sky. He did a quick sweep of the area, his boots finding traction on the wet ground. When nothing came out of the darkness to greet him, he put his pistol away and watched as Aki landed. "Clear!" he called out to her. She nodded. 
After Aki left her comet, the upper part of the comets blew off. This left the comet bases, filled with their supplies, lodged in the ground. Alan grabbed his one duffel bag, hoisted it over his shoulder, and surveyed the area. 
Despite all the hills and mountains that dotted the distance, they were on a relatively flat piece of terrain. There was no dirt. Nothing grew here. The ground was made from hard volcanic rock, smooth from years of exposure to the elements. A square, squat building stuck out as the only manmade object on its surface. It took up little space; Alan could've jogged around it in a few minutes. He guessed that the rest of the research facility was underground.
 After he got out his equipment, he checked where Dr. Ballard was. The doctor's location hadn't changed since they had entered the atmosphere. When Alan walked over to where the blip was, he knew why.
Dr. Ballard was unrecognizable. Only his nametag, the blood washed off by the unending rain, identified the corpse. The man's face and clothes were torn to shreds. One of his hands, still clutching the offworld transmitter, lay a few feet away from the rest of the body. The blood was fresh, but it was too late to get any information from the doctor. Alan rummaged through his lab coat for anything useful. His hand closed around something hard and he pulled out a keycard. It was covered in gore but still in one piece. Alan thought the technology was obsolete, but it looked like it would still work.
"They still use these?" Alan asked.
"They never expect anyone to come here in the first place," Aki said. She was adjusting the sight on her sniper rifle, her favorite firearm. A sword sheath hung across her back, secured to her suit.
He pocketed the card. "It may come in handy," he said. He opened a com channel to the dropship. "This is Alan. We've arrived on the surface. What's your ETA?"
"Thanks for paving the road," Sylvan said. "The storm is making it difficult for our pilots. Barring electrical overload, we should be there in less than nine minutes."
"Understood," Alan said. "Aim for this position when you land. Secure the perimeter and find an entrance into the facility. We'll scout the surrounding areas while you're coming down. Alan out."
Aki slung her completed sniper rifle over her back. "Ready?"
Alan looked anxiously to where he saw Argus enter the planet. "Let's go find him," he said.

Chapter 21

Argus landed. It might've been a crash landing, considering how beat up his comet was, but he was alive. He turned his hand up and pulled the lever to release the front cover. Nothing happened. Maybe the mechanism was jammed, or perhaps the explosion warped the cover so much that it couldn't open. It didn't matter. His shoulder and back muscles were enough to crumple the cover. With a flex and a shove, it flew off and he stepped out into the rain. Cracking his neck a few times, he checked for any injuries. Other than a bruised side from the mine explosion, he seemed unscathed. The comet had taken most of the hit; mine shrapnel was embedded in the plating.

"In the distant morning rain
where the mountains end
and the clouds begin,
I do not know."

Though the poet Rudera was referring to the tranquil landscape of Galea and his ambiguous and growing feelings for his lover, Argus couldn't help but be reminded of the poem when he saw Abyssinia. But the rain was not distant; it coated him without mercy. There wasn't much to see other than the darkness, illuminated by stray flashes of lightning. Mountains surrounded him. A multitude of paths carved their way between them, though most led nowhere. He took the top of the comet and tried to remove it by pulling the latch on the side. When that failed, he grabbed it by the edges and flexed his hamstrings. He grunted as he lifted the bottom of the comet. In one movement he pulled it above his head and then threw it into the ground, smashing it into bits. His gear bag spilled out onto the wet rocks. 
He began to walk forward to retrieve his bag, but a quiet growling from behind stopped him. Slowly, he turned around. Under the shadow of a tall rock, two eyes leered at him. They were narrowed to slits and glowed red in the darkness. A third eye opened between the two. Together they looked like three rubies in the rain. Only when lightning illuminated the sky did Argus see the rest of its body. A long tail, segmented, thick, and muscular, waved sinuously behind it. It stood on four feet like a canine. Each foot ended in four claws that looked like they could rend through steel, flesh, and bone with one swipe. The head was long and topped with two pointed ears. Its wide maw seemed disproportionately large; saliva dripped from its lips and three rows of teeth gleamed behind them. It was covered in a layer of matted fur, but underneath it looked like it had the scales of a reptile. Argus was intrigued by its origins, but right now it looked hungry and Argus had a lot of meat. Study could come later.
Argus was crouched and his bag of weapons was still a few feet away. He could reach for it, but how fast was this creature? Only its tail and the three blinking eyes atop its head showed any movement. His pistol had been destroyed when the mine exploded, leaving him unarmed. Better to risk it while he still had the advantage of distance.
He dove for the bag and stretched his arm out. His fingers brushed against the handle, but the creature's tail knocked the bag aside before he could grab onto it. If the tail was already there-
Without looking, he flipped over, pulled back his hand and punched. His fist connected with the beast's muzzle, knocking it, along with a few teeth, away as it pounced for Argus's neck. It spun and landed on all fours, its growl louder now. The teeth grew back instantly, pushing out at sharp angles and cutting its own gums, causing blood to flow out of its mouth. No natural animal would do that to itself.
There was no time for Argus to get up before it jumped again. From his position on the ground, Argus kicked up, hoping to knock it back, but it whipped its tail on the ground and changed course in midair and landed on top of him, knocking the wind out of his lungs. Argus wrestled the beast on top of him, but it was strong. He fended off one set of claws only to be raked across his left side. Three long gashes appeared across his shoulder. He held it away from him with both hands clasped around its neck, trying to strangle it with his bare hands. In retaliation, its tail came and wrapped around his own throat. Out of instinct, he held his head down. He ignored the crushing of his windpipe and the slime that dripped over his cheeks as he sought to choke the life out of the beast. 
His face started turning blue when the beast suddenly fell limp, its brain splattered across the ground and onto the side of his bag. It was only a moment later that he heard the gunshot echo throughout the valley.
On a nearby rock, Aki whispered to herself, "Boom. Headshot."
Alan ran down the trail, his feet slipping on the smooth stone. As he rounded the bend he caught sight of Argus, throwing the carcass of some animal off himself. Alan came up next to him and put his arm under his, helping him up.
"What took you so long?" Argus coughed as he took in large gulps of air.
"Got into a bit of an accident. Some crazy guy slammed into me," Alan said. He could barely suppress his laugh. He embraced the large man, his arms not quite making it all the way around. "Thank you," he said into Argus's chest. Alan felt warm arms embrace him in return. "My duty," Argus responded.
They let each other go. Argus sorted out the last of his items from the comet, attached malleable armor across his body and patched up the wounds on his shoulder. Alan fished around in his pockets and threw him a spare communicator.
A voice came from behind them. "That's why metal is better than light." Aki walked up to them, her sniper rifle slung behind her. "With a light rifle, the rain would've absorbed the heat and this," she said, poking the beast with her boot, "would still have most of its head." She knelt down and ran her hands over it, studying its anatomy. She opened its mouth. A slimy tongue, swollen and purple, lolled out.
"Doesn't look indigenous to this planet," she said. "Biologic?"
"Seems like it," Alan said. "It's a little too well-built for anything other than killing."
"If they've set loose biologics across the planet, then they're not too interested in the people here anymore," Aki responded.
"Biologics?" Argus asked. He flexed his shoulder. It hurt, but he would live.
"The empire employs more than just people and ships," Alan said. "They didn't use them on Galea because they needed your Erudite. But when they're through with a planet, they let all sorts of engineered creatures loose. Think of them as the cleanup crew. Biologics will destroy remaining pockets of resistance while the empire moves on. Haven't seen one like this before, but there's always something new."
"At least we know we can kill it," Aki said.
The com line opened. "Second Medium, we've landed and are surrounded by hostiles!" It was Sylvan, speaking in between bursts of gunfire. "Second Medium, do you copy?" Alan heard shouts in the background followed by vicious growls. The gunfire was unfocused and random.
The three ran back up the path.

Chapter 22

If Lydia had been there to see it from orbit, she would've thought that Phalos was unchanged. With the exception of the patches of ground that had turned to glass from the brief war with the empire, the trees, rivers, and other agents of nature had reclaimed the rest without hesitation. Only its wide oceans stopped the progress of land, and within those blue depths laid mysteries unknown to both the people of Phalos and the empire. Sanctum still controlled it in name, but the forests were vast and the trails were narrow, and most had forgotten this planet. But Lydia was not there to see it, and Ashra remained in stasis as her pod began its descent into the atmosphere.
She arrived during the day when the sun was highest, and so her pod went unnoticed by most. But there were two who saw it as it burst through the mesosphere. 
The first was a Sanctum radar technician who sat dozing behind his console. The console beeped at him, trying to get his attention. He lazily opened one eye and logged the anomaly with a flick of his finger. There was always something coming in, whether it was a stray meteorite or some ship debris from the battle years ago, only finding its way down now as the gravity of Phalos pulled it in. This object was slightly larger than usual, but nothing outside of normal parameters. He would file it with the daily report to the Marquis after he was done thinking about the girl he left back on his homeworld. On Phalos, the days were long and the nights were even longer.
The other being that saw the pod stood crouched atop of tallest branch of the tallest tree in the forest west of the Marquis's estate. He was called Zava. He was small and lithe, weaving in between leaves like the wind. He was like any other who kept watch over the land, vigilant and unseen, camouflaged by the forest. The only thing that gave him away was his eyes, white and luminescent, as if they were powered by the sun itself. He and the other watchers would play games to pass the time, like trying to find a star hidden in the midday sky. Once they found it, they would turn their heads and stare at each other, count to ten, then whip their heads back up, seeing who could find the star again first.
They had spent the past month searching the sky for stars and something that should've been easier to see. It was Zava who spotted it first. He saw the orange and purple streak across the sky, coming from an object that was too round to be anything other than what they had been waiting for. It crashed in the fields to the west of the Sanctum outpost.
He clambered down the tree, his brown skin blending in with the bark as he made his way toward the ground. His movements were swift and the placement of his limbs precise. His feet dug into the notches in the bark, the green scales on his ankles and calves worn smooth from experience. His fingers, which had long since turned into claws, wrapped around the branches and trunk. He dropped the last few feet into the underbrush and landed on soft dirt and dead leaves. He ran deeper into the forest. There was scurrying as others followed him, eager to report what they had also seen. They were afraid to approach the maiden during the day, for she was tired and often lost control of herself in the bright hours, but this was something she would gladly awaken for.
They reached the mouth of the cave, where the darkness consumed what little light made it past the entrance. They stepped inside, their pace slow and their eyes cautious. The air was stale and old. Their footsteps left faint imprints in the dust behind them. Soon, all the natural light had disappeared and they relied on their glowing white eyes to see. As they progressed further into the cave, they went through so many spider webs that they didn't bother to peel them off their skin. Zava was in the front. He now looked more white than brown, but still they plunged deeper as his eyes led the way. The cave split into a maze of smaller tunnels and passageways, many of which contained the desiccated bodies of Sanctum soldiers. These soldiers were sent to their deaths when they tried to flush out the remaining inhabitants of Phalos and failed. Their corpses had all but turned to dust, and in some areas only the empty navy blue armor was proof that they had ever existed.
The group knew they had reached her chamber when the webs were thickest. All of the children had to pull and tear with their claws in order to get through. The walls were studded with moonstone, so called because they cast an eerie glow throughout the chamber like the two moons that circled Phalos. The light bathed everything in its softness. Jagged edges became round and smooth. The unending darkness gave way to the white light of the stones, content to share the space as they illuminated the woman in the center. More webbing surrounded her and nothing could be seen past their threads below her nude waist. Her hair was straight and black, only visible by the sheen it gave off in the dim light. Her arms were slender and her face was delicate, shockingly white against the dark hair that framed it. She was still and quiet. But a low hum and the skittering of legs echoed around her.
She raised her head and opened her eyes. There was a group of children standing in front of her. Their bodies had changed, and she felt a moment of regret for who they used to be, who they might've become, and who they were now. But it was only a moment, because the smiles on their faces showed that they didn't mind anymore. Perhaps it was only she that still grieved for something everyone else had forgotten.
Zava knelt on the floor, his knees becoming entangled in some of her webs. "Maiden Orana," he said, "the star has fallen! The star you mentioned. It's really come!"
With these words, the burden of her heart lifted and her weeks of waiting and prayer were answered. "Are you sure?" she asked. "What did it look like?" Her voice was soft and clear even after days of silence.
"It was big!" Zava demonstrated by throwing his arms out. "Bigger than anything I've seen fall out of the sky!" The other children murmured in agreement.
"Was it as big as the chunk that fell a year ago?" she asked. The hull of a Sanctum warship had finally succumbed to Phalos's gravity.
"Uh huh! It was!" He stretched his hands out so far that it looked like he might pull himself apart.
Orana reached forward and rubbed Zava's head affectionately with delicate fingers tipped with shiny nails. She took his clawed hands into her own. "You saw where it landed?" she asked.
He nodded. "Over there." He pointed to the west. "Far from the people." By people, he meant the Sanctum. They, Orana and the children, were no longer people. 
"Gather the fastest runners and be swift. Find it before the empire does. I'll be there to protect you."
At this the children cheered, waving their clawed hands in joy. The maiden rarely came out of her cave and it was a special event to have her join them. They bolted from the cavern. Only Zava was left behind, stuck to the ground by the webs he knelt in. Orana bent down cleared them away with a sweep of her hand. He bowed once then hurried to catch up to the rest.
Now that the children had roused her, she awakened herself fully. Her irises became encircled by rings of red. Six crimson eyes glowed underneath the webbing. She rose upwards as if an ocean wave carried her forward, but there was no water beneath her. The head of a spider emerged as the webbing fell away from her complete form. Her upper body grew out of the spider's head, beautiful and radiant, but from her waist down, where two equally beautiful legs should've been, was an enormous spider covered in short black hairs. Two fangs curved in the dim light. Poison dripped from their tips and sizzled on the stone below. Eight muscular legs broke free from the webs that had hid them, their span reaching from wall to wall. She pressed forward and the remaining white filaments fell away from her like a silken cloak, revealing an oval abdomen that left a trail of fibers behind it. Atop it was a crest emblazoned in white; three tear-shaped orbs with long tails that wound into a circle. Some say it looked that way because she cried for everyone Phalos had lost. She herself thought it looked like cosmic dust being sucked into a black hole. But when the Sanctum saw the emblem, they knew only death.

Chapter 23

Aki took position on a rocky outcropping as Alan and Argus ran ahead. She brushed a strand of wet hair behind her ear and adjusted the sniper rifle on the rock. The bipod was made of two tendrils of electricity, similar to the tethering that bound the engines to the Umbra. They reacted to the motion of her arms, changing height as she moved the rifle up and down from her high vantage point. She pressed her shoulder into the rifle stock and fixed her eye to the scope. When she looked through the scope, the rain disappeared as an infrared filter covered her view. Heat showed up in various shades of red and yellow. She took aim at the nearest orange object galloping on four legs. She exhaled, steadied her body, and pulled the trigger. There was a loud report. Red and orange splotches appeared on the ground, quickly turning green and blue as they cooled in the rain.
She knew the rhythm. Grab the knob. Pull up, pull back, push in. A round slid into the chamber. A new target, this one with its jaws around a soldier's wrist, dragging him away. He was screaming. His head blocked her shot, but she was patient. Waiting. Waiting for the right moment. It would come. The beast reared up, ready to eviscerate the man with its claws. Exhale, pull the trigger, report. One shot, one kill. The soldier wouldn't be able to use his hand, but he would live.
Death was so impersonal this way, but she didn't mind. Death was her job, not something to like or dislike. She did her job with accuracy and efficiency. She felled another two of the beasts before Alan and Argus appeared at the edges of her scope.
Alan held his own smaller rifle at the ready, unloading three-shot bursts as he entered the fray. Two of the beasts immediately turned on him. His bullets slowed one of them as they impacted into its chest, but the creature continued forward, oblivious to the pain. It wasn't until he fired into its third eye in the center of its head that its four legs crumpled and it fell. The other leapt at him from a boulder, its claws flashing as lightning illuminated it in midair. Alan aimed his gun up and pumped bullets into its exposed chest. When it didn't flinch, he threw himself to the ground as it swiped at where his head was moments ago. He fired three more shots from his supine position. The beast landed on its side, collapsing onto the hard rock. Blood pooled around it. Yet its tail still whipped around, threatening to choke whatever was close. Alan put another round into its head. The creature was still.
Alan caught a glance of Sylvan Winters, a rough and rugged man with a graying beard, sitting on the ground. The man clutched a gash that ran across his forehead. The blood seeped into his eyes and he couldn't see, which meant he couldn't give orders. Alan knew that at this rate everyone would be dead before they made it inside the facility.
Alan accessed the platoon-wide com. "What's the status on the door?"
"Can't get it open, sir! Code ain't workin'!" A soldier responded between bursts of gunfire.
Alan saw a small soldier, the technologist, with a device hooked up to the door. Another soldier guarded him. "Gather at this location," Alan said, marking the entrance to the building. "We'll hold them off. Find a way inside!"
The scattered troops started backing up, pulling into a tighter formation. The ones that had spare hands grabbed the wounded and dragged them towards the rendezvous point. Alan was glad to see Sylvan stumbling along with them. He would need a commander once they were inside.
Alan fired two bursts at the nearest beast. Another one jumped from the top of the dropship; Alan spent the last of his ammo taking it down. He was almost at the door when another one leapt from the roof of the facility. Putting aside his empty rifle, he grabbed his knife from its sheath. He braced for its attack, bending his knees and holding the blade out, hoping to slice its abdomen before it landed. But the claws never came. It was blown backwards onto the roof it leapt from as a sniper round ripped through its head and out its back. He could barely make Aki out against the rock she laid on, but he nodded his thanks. He was sure she saw it.
He ran up to the technologist. "What's the problem, soldier?" Alan asked. He saw the name Samson stitched onto his uniform. Samson had a boxy device attached to the entry pad. It scrolled through different combinations of letters and numbers and symbols Alan had never seen before, but it couldn't crack a single character of the entry code. Alan pulled out the keycard he had taken from Dr. Ballard and waved it front of the pad. There was recognition and a welcome sign, but a moment later it asked for fingerprints. 
Alan sighed. He scanned the battlefield for the doctor's hand. To his surprise, it lay where he last saw it, the communicator still gripped in rigor mortis. It seemed like the creatures didn't go for things that were already dead. Alan charged forward, feet slipping on the wet stone. He dodged two of the beasts as he made his way towards Dr. Ballard. He dashed past the body, slid the last few feet and grabbed the hand. When he turned around, he was faced with a set of jaws. He pulled his head away right before the teeth clamped down. Tendrils of saliva coated his face as he shuffled back.
A roar, a human one, was the only thing he heard before Argus came crashing forward and rammed the animal with his shoulder. The two barreled past him.
"We have guns for a reason!" Alan called to Argus as he got up.
"No fun!" he yelled back. "And we need to conserve ammo!" he said between punches.
Alan went to the building and threw Dr. Ballard's hand at Samson. The technologist fumbled with the dead man's hand, disgusted with the appendage.
"Scan it and open the door or we're all dead," Alan said.
Samson's head bobbed up and down. He proceeded to pry open the fingers one by one.
Alan radioed Aki. "I need you here."
"Been a long time since a man said that to me," she responded.
Back on the rock, Aki slung her sniper rifle over her back. The creatures had noticed where they were taking the heaviest fire from. Two of them rushed towards the rock she was perched on. She had sacrificed stealth for speed, and after the first round of bullets, it was easy to see where she was shooting from. They were getting closer, but she waited. Timing was everything. The first one leapt, its hindquarters propelling it high. She ran and jumped forward. As she pushed off, she pulled her sword out from its scabbard on her back. The silver blade of the katana flashed once as she pulled it through the air and the rain. The beast's head fell to the ground. The rest of the body continued sailing ahead. It crashed lifelessly onto the rock she left. She twisted her body and somersaulted through the air. Another one was below her. She gripped the handle of the sword with both hands and drove the blade deep. It entered from the top of its back, through its heart, then out its chest. It was still when Aki's feet hit the ground. She removed the sword and flicked the blood into the rain with one swift movement. When she sheathed the blade, the beast fell over.
With hydraulic clicks, the doors finally opened into the wall. Alan grabbed a fresh magazine and kept the animals at bay while the soldiers dragged the wounded inside. He looked for Aki in between shots but couldn't find her through the rain. He scanned the trail from where they had come and caught a glimpse of black on black that darted between the rocks. Only her face, white as moonlight, gave her away in the darkness. Behind her was a train of at least five of the creatures, maybe more. He aimed but couldn't take a shot. She ran straight for him and blocked his line of sight.
His com crackled. "Close the door," Aki said.
"I'm not leaving you out there," he replied. "Hurry up."
"I'll make it," she said. 
Alan trusted her. He looked back at Samson. "Close the door!"
"Sir, she's still outside!" he protested.
"Do it." Alan's eyes made it clear it was an order.
The doors started sliding in from the wall, rumbling along their tracks as they converged towards the middle of the opening. Aki ran, but the beasts were faster and were about to overtake her. When she was a few steps away from the door, she pivoted on her foot, faced the creatures and leapt backwards. In midair, she reached to her sides for two pistols. With one in each hand she unloaded four rounds at the ones closest to her. They collapsed and the others tripped over their bodies. Still gripping the guns, she arched her back and landed on her hands. Flexing her shoulders, she pushed off the wet ground. With a final backflip, she made it inside the facility. The doors closed as her fingers slipped past. They sealed shut with a thud and the sound of rain was silenced. Low growls and scratching could be heard on the other side, but they were safe for now.
Aki holstered her pistols and walked towards the back of the room as all the soldiers looked at her. Some looked in fear, some in shock, all were in awe.
"Where did you find her?" one of them whispered to Alan.
"Aurora." 
The soldiers nodded knowingly.
Alan at last had a chance to look at the building he was in. It was a wide space. The lights hung in rows from the ceiling and illuminated the concrete floor. He put his hands to the walls and tapped. Solid and reinforced. Nothing else would be able to get in, he hoped. There were a few doors on the far end, but other than that, the room was empty. That bothered him. The one entrance to a research facility should've had more foot traffic and more security, but there was nothing here now. Whoever had unleashed those things outside had already made their way down.
As Alan looked around, Sylvan approached him. A bandage had been wrapped around his head. The majority of the bleeding had stopped, but there was still a gash that ran from his forehead and down his cheek. Sylvan looked at the ground as he spoke. "Thank you, Second Medium. It was my job to command and I wasn't able to. If it weren't for your team, we would still be outside, torn to shreds."
Alan put a hand on his shoulder. "There's no need for thanks. We all make mistakes." Alan nudged him with his palm and they moved away from the soldiers that could overhear. "You're lucky you have a chance to fix it," he said. "My team and I have our own orders from the High Adjudicant, and I'll need a captain to lead the others. Can you do it?" Normally Alan would've upbraided the captain for being incompetent, or worse, he would've ignored him completely. He didn't know why, but he felt like forgiving the man.
"Sir, yes sir!" Sylvan's hand quivered from the adrenaline, but his voice was firm.
"Good," Alan said. "First, treat the wounded. Our contact, Dr. Ballard, the one you were supposed to befriend, is lying in pieces outside. We'll need to get our information by other means. Secure this area; I don't want any of those things coming in from the ceiling or the shadows. When you're done, find a way into the main structure."
"Understood, sir. What were those biologics anyway?" Sylvan asked.
Apparently they hadn't gone far enough. A soldier overheard them and put down the skin sealant he was applying to his arm. "Hey Deacom, what'd you call 'em?" he called to another soldier squatting next to him.
"Fren."
"Like Captain Winters's ex? Frennen?"
"Yeah, 'cept just half her name cause they're only half as vicious." The room filled with laughter. Alan was glad that the troops still had their morale. The captain scowled at the mention of his past.
Sylvan strutted back and barked out orders. "I want everyone patched up and ready to go in five minutes. Give me a tally of the wounded and killed. You all who can walk, grab your weapons and secure the area. Find a way down. We're going to finish our mission and see what we can find."
After four minutes, Alan looked at those that remained. They had lost five; their bodies were still outside and left to the fren. There were ten members of the platoon remaining, eight that could fight. The two that couldn't hold weapons, including the one Aki had saved, would be surveillance and intelligence. Though they couldn't shoot, they would still assist their team.
The group headed towards the far wall. There seemed to be an elevator of some sort, but it required another handprint and Samson had left the hand outside. Alan decided not to use it. He didn't know what surprises this place had in store, and he didn't want to bring up an elevator car full of them. 
There was a smaller door next to it. There wasn't any handle, and a quick push showed that it was locked tight.
"Argus!" he called.
The big man came up and put his bag on the floor. He opened it and pulled out two shaped charges made from sticky plastic with imbedded micro-triggers. He was always fond of explosives, and he was glad to finally have a chance to use them outside of his training on Galea.
He looked for joints on the door, and finding none, turned the putty into long strips. With forceful pushing, he inserted the strips into the seams where the door met the frame. There wasn't any cover, so everyone ran back as far as they could.
Argus stepped back and looked at the readout displayed in front of him, his finger ready. "Detonating on three. Five, four, three-"
An explosion rang out and the door disappeared, clanging as it fell down a long staircase. They kept their guns trained on the darkness. When the smoke cleared and nothing appeared, they marched forward, their steps steady and their gun sights level.
Sylvan tagged four soldiers. "Squad A, you're with me at the vanguard. Deacom, take the rest. You and squad B will bring up the rear."
"Sir!" They gathered into formation, clustered around the two weakened soldiers and Alan's team. Despite Alan being military, it was an unwritten rule that a Second Medium was to be protected at all cost. With only their gun lights illuminating the darkness, they descended.

Chapter 24

They went down the stairs quickly; their footfalls on the metal steps sounded like the rain outside. After six flights they saw light at the bottom. The door was already open. After a quick sweep, they stepped out. Sylvan waved for his team to disperse and check the area for survivors or enemies. Alan entered behind them and saw the true entrance to the facility, deep underground.
A statue of a woman stood at the center of a wide atrium. It was carved out of a hunk of black rock, the same rock Alan had slipped across earlier on Abyssinia's surface. Golden wings unfurled from the sides of its head, pulling its face and body up in a gesture of hope, or so Alan thought. "The burden of science is on our shoulders," was inscribed along its pedestal. Next to it, with his arm around the statue's feet, hung the limp body of a scientist, his lab coat smeared with blood. Alan checked his pulse and felt nothing. The wounds that went through his chest were different than the ones caused by the fren. These were precise and clean. Three round holes entered his front and exited his back. 
"Have you seen anything like this?" he asked. Everyone shook their heads.
They moved forward past the statue and the empty reception desk. There were no more bodies in the area, but there was blood on the floor. The blood streaked across the tile and continued onto the walls. A congealed substance coated the path the blood took, as if a hunter dragged its prey away to consume it elsewhere. Samson put his hand to it and felt the substance with a couple fingers. When he tried to withdraw, he had trouble pulling his hand free and an even harder time untangling his fingers from the clear slime. He wiped his pants with a grimace.
"Keep an eye on the ceiling," Alan said.
Behind the reception desk, the hallway split into two corridors. The walls were the same in each corridor and no sign indicated where either went. Doors lined both halls; the rooms they led to were all dark.
"Should we split up?" Deacom asked. "We could cover more ground faster." 
"No," Sylvan said. "The fren took out a third of the platoon, and we don't know what else is here." Even he took to using the name of his ex for the beasts.
"Which way should we go then, sir?" Samson asked.
"You're the technologist, shouldn't you have the map?" Sylvan growled.
"Sir, I haven't been able to find an active console. Without one, I can't download a map."
Neither of the paths was labeled; there was no indication of what each one led to. Though Alan didn't want her here in this dangerous place, he wished he had Ashra's gift of sight beyond sight; he wished that he could see past the walls and the rooms and see if there was anyone who could tell them what had happened here.
When Alan did not offer an opinion, Sylvan took the lead. "We go right." He marched confidently down the corridor and the rest followed. They continued deeper into the facility, ever wary for anything that could surprise them. They shone their lights into the rooms, but when all they encountered was lab equipment and conference tables, they passed the rest of the doors quickly and quietly. All Alan heard was the jangling of their equipment and the nervous breathing of the men.
They continued further into the facility and the air cooled as they walked down a slight decline. The corridor ended in a set of heavy doors that were already open, the entrance obscured by a veil of mist. They stayed in formation as they entered.
Their footsteps sounded hollow against the metal grating. Alan's foot bumped into something hard. He waved the mist in front of him away. A large glass tube appeared, filled with some kind of clear liquid. It looked like a test tube, as if something should've been inside of it in suspended animation, but he saw nothing. Thick wires connected it to the ceiling and Alan saw more wires run underneath the grating and into the floor. Whatever grew in the tube was big, and Alan was glad it wasn't inside the tube anymore.
"What kind of research did they do here?" a soldier asked. He was peering into another tube.
"We purchased light-based weapon and pre-fabricated darkspace engine schematics from them," Sylvan said. "All of that stuff is mechanical."
"Huh. This looks kinda biologic to me," the soldier said, tapping on the glass.
"This is Sanctum territory. They did a lot of things we didn't know about-"
"Shh." Aki put a finger to her lips. The hairs on the back of her neck stood up and she knew to trust her instincts. Something was wrong. As she thought it, floodlights turned on from the ceiling, casting the room in a harsh glow. The soldiers could barely see each other through the low mist that covered the lower level, but the second level that revealed itself in the light was clear. A walkway wrapped around the wall of the upper floor, and in its center was an observation deck. Behind the glass of the deck was a fren. It sat stiffly, its mouth dripping with saliva and its three eyes fixed ahead. Stroking its head was Vijera, the Lady Gemini.
Upon seeing her, Aki put a hand on the grip of her blade.
Vijera spoke through the com system and her voice echoed around them. "So glad you could make it," she said. "I was getting bored here all by myself." She kissed the fren on the muzzle and nuzzled it with her nose. "The pets helped, yes they did, but no one put up a fight. No fun at all. Which is surprising, since they made weapons here. What good are they if no one knows how to use them?" She laughed. Her voice was soft and high, touched with the instability of two souls wrestling for control over one body. Aki heard her sister's voice somewhere in there and refused to acknowledge it. This was Vijera. Her sister, Rin, was gone.
When she regained control of herself, Vijera said, "This biologic research was funded by the empire, and I think it's time to see what they did with our money." Her hands moved around on the console. "I hope you live, I really do. It's been so long since I've had a challenge." She looked Aki in the eye and blew a kiss at her. A second later she disappeared out of the back of the observation deck. Aki was prepared to climb atop one of the big tubes and launch herself onto the railing on the upper level, but at that moment, the glass tubes exploded. Those nearest to the tubes were splashed with the liquid inside. They gagged. It wasn't water, but some kind of nutrient broth. There should've been more liquid if that was all the contents in the tube.
Alan quickly issued commands. "Samson, find the ventilation and suck this mist out. We need to see." Something was in those tubes and he needed to know what it was.
"Sir!" The two wounded soldiers accompanied Samson as he looked for a console to hack into. The two would be nothing more than bait as they protected the technologist, but perhaps those few moments would make the difference in the outcome of the mission.
The remaining soldiers tried to gather into a tight formation, but some on the outside couldn't find their way through the mist. Alan heard a cry behind him and turned around. The soldier disappeared through the fog and appeared a moment later on the wall. He seemed to be suspended in midair. Alan would've thought he was levitating if it weren't for the three round holes in his abdomen and the jerking of his body. Alan looked closely and could make out some distortion in front of the soldier, in the shape of?fangs? He couldn't be sure; whatever it was, it was camouflaged. The soldier shuddered one more time as something collided with his back. He stopped twitching and was still. Blood dripped down his pants, but not enough from a wound that size. Most of the blood was going elsewhere. 
The blood flowed through a pattern in midair that curved up and down, traveling outward as if filling up a tube. The blood spread. It began to trace the outline of veins and arteries and four beating hearts. These disappeared as the blood made its way to the surface of the creature, filling in a series of segmented sections with red. As the blood coursed through it, the clear form settled into the shape of a leech. Three fangs surrounded its mouth. It fed on the soldier, drinking its blood, blood that colored it from the inside out.
Alan and the rest of the platoon opened fire. The leech's blood, mixed with their comrade's, spilled out. The leech let out an ear-piercing screech and fell to the ground, disappearing into the mist.
"Where's my air?!" Alan yelled. He couldn't risk firing blindly into the mist when he didn't know everyone's position.
"Working on it, sir," Samson responded. A scream came through his com and was echoed in real life. One of Samson's guards disappeared. "Beck! Where are you?!" Samson called out to his fallen teammate.
"Focus soldier. I need those fans up yesterday!" Alan said.
"Yes sir." He was shaken, but Samson would do his job. He executed more commands through his portable light console. "Found it," he reported.
Alan heard a whirring and the fans mounted into the ceiling started up. They twisted the mist into small tornadoes that spun into nothing as they disappeared. The room cleared. The emptied tubes and dead soldiers appeared on the ground. The first leech was nothing more than a deflated carcass leaking blood. Its head was still twitching.
Argus caught movement out of the side of his eye. It shimmered for a second then was gone. But it left a trail of slime behind it, which another soldier had the misfortune of stepping into. His foot was immediately glued to the metal grating of the floor. Another shimmering as the leech doubled back. The soldier raised his rifle. Its muzzle flashed as he shot bullets that disappeared into the distortion. Alan thought he had hit the leech, but it was unfazed and kept coming forward. Three fangs sank through his torso and came out his back, pinning him in place. The leech's mouth, concentric circles of razor sharp teeth, cut through his clothing, skin and bone. It was a quick but painful death.
Argus pulled out a launcher and loaded a blue-tipped canister into it. "Explosive!" he called out. He pulled the trigger and everyone ducked. The round arced through the air then disappeared into the mass that was starting to gain color. It punctured its flesh with a wet popping noise. He could still see it inside the leech, the little light on its side blinking ever faster. Argus turned away, covering his ears with his hands.
Argus felt the ground shudder. The shockwave of the detonation was dampened by the innards of the leech, but it still coated him in a layer of slime and blood. With a push of his legs he got up and surveyed his work. There was nothing left except for a charred crater.
Now that he could finally see, Alan made out the four tubes that stood in the room. They were all empty of their contents, still leaking goo that dripped from broken glass. Two down. Two left.
Aki saw the third one before anyone else, hiding in the shadows. It had already feasted on blood, so it only had darkness for cover. As soon as Aki spied it, the leech spun to face them. It didn't just leave a trail of slime on the floor; it spewed the clear goo out onto a wide swath of the floor. There was no approach from the front. It slithered along the wall, its movements erratic as it caught the scent of blood from the remaining injured soldier near Samson.
Aki gave herself a running start and put her hand on the sword handle. When she had enough speed, she leapt onto the wall and ran two steps across it. With her sword gripped in both hands, she angled the blade out to her left and pushed off from the wall.
There was barely any resistance. The sharp edge was a trait of Auroran steel. The katana she wielded was known as kujiki, meaning "eater of suffering" in her native tongue. When it cut, the target felt no pain as it was sent from this world of suffering into the next. The leech felt nothing.
She landed. Behind her, the leech fell apart into two halves that slid away from each other with a squelch. She whipped off the gore with a flick and returned kujiki to its sheath.
One more remained. Alan didn't care where it was as long as it wasn't a threat. "Go now!" He pointed to the stairs that led to the upper level. The remaining soldiers scrambled up the steps. Sylvan came up last as he ushered everyone else in front of him.
The upper level was no more than a thin walkway that circled the perimeter of the room, allowing a different view of the broken test tubes and carnage below. After they all made it up, Alan led the way towards the observation deck where they last saw Vijera. If she went out the back, there was a way out of here that led deeper into the facility.
As they were running and about to leave the chamber, Alan noticed that the light on the ground was uneven. It quavered for a moment. He didn't have to look up to know that it was the lamp above him that was moving.
"Back!" he yelled. He had made it to the corner and jumped to the side, but the soldier behind him wasn't as fast. Something clear and wet dropped from the light. The soldier was engulfed by the leech as it landed on top of him. His head disappeared as he collapsed under its weight. Alan and those behind the fallen soldier opened fire, shooting at it until it was nothing more than bullet-riddled gelatin.
Before they could suffer any more casualties, Sylvan guided everyone into the observation room. They gave the body of the leech as much room as they could as they ran by it.
Alan slammed the door behind them and breathed. He did a quick count of the survivors. They had lost half their number again in the last attack. Of the platoon, Sylvan, Deacom and another soldier remained, along with Samson. Alan didn't know how the man did it, but the technologist had a penchant for survival.
Alan checked behind Argus in case he was blocking her, but Aki was gone. Alan knew that according to her contract with the Einhart, she would lend her skills in a fight, but her first priority had always been Vijera and she would take her leave when necessary. But Vijera was a royal and despite Aki's skill, Alan didn't know if she could handle her by herself.
"Vijera released those biologics from here," Alan said. "There has to be some kind of terminal that's connected to the rest of the facility network." The light console was full of buttons and switches. He turned to Samson. "Do you still have your data mine?" 
Samson dug through his pack, his hands slipping on three different colors of gore. He pulled out a data mine, similar to the one Alan had. "Found it, sir," he said.
"I don't know what you'll find, but get it onto the mine and keep it safe," Alan said. "Any biologic information would be useful, so their deaths won't be in vain."
Video streamed from security cameras spread out around the facility. Alan looked for Aki across the series of images. There was at least one body in every screen. The fren still wandered the corridors. It was in a large manufacturing floor with half-made darkspace engines that he found Aki. She was running towards another figure before she disappeared from the edge of the frame.
Alan pointed at the screen. "Where is that?"
"Accessing camera locations. Looks like there's a map, sir. Forwarding to you." Finally, a holographic diagram of the facility popped up from Alan's wrist and floated in front of him. He studied the route they took. "We should've gone left," he murmured.
The Abyssinia Research Station was divided into two main divisions. One half was dedicated to light, space, and darkspace based technologies, while the other half focused on genetic manipulation and biological weapon creation. They were in one of many biologic testing chambers located in the wrong half, but thankfully the layout of the facility was well-planned. It wouldn't take too long to get to the other side. 
"Can you access their darkspace research from this console?" he asked.
Samson shook his head.
"Then find me a terminal that can."
Samson marked a room near the bottom of the facility. "This looks like the main one, sir. You'll have to travel through the darkspace experimentation zones." He marked the path with a yellow line.
"Understood. And where's this screen?" He pointed to the video where he last saw Aki.
"Here," Samson said, pointing to a manufacturing plant. "It's a little past your target terminal."
"Got it." Alan looked at the group. "Sylvan, take your remaining men and guard Samson while the data mine is siphoning. We have separate orders from the High Adjudicant."
"Sir!" Sylvan saluted, hitting the wound across his forehead and causing it to bleed a little bit. The man was dedicated.
"Keep me updated with your progress." Alan nodded at Argus and the two followed Aki's trail.

Chapter 25

Aki ran faster than any soldier, Einhart, Sanctum or otherwise. But Vijera was not a soldier. She was a royal, the product of a lineage designed specifically to be better than everyone else. And she had merged with Aki's sister, Rin. As she ran with one hand on her sword, Aki thought about her sister, more than she had in a long time.
On Aurora, Rin Fushimi was feared even among her own people, a people that used death as a currency. It wasn't her skills that they feared, though those were effective in their own right. It was her creativity.
Their training began when Aki was two. Born from the same parents, Rin was a year older than Aki. But it was Auroran tradition for guilds to remove selected children from their parents before attachment could be formed. The children carried the name and honor of their families, but love had no place in assassinations. An added benefit was that children were easier to train when they weren't the masters' own children. Their teachers started by holding their heads under freezing water every morning. The training began with thirty seconds, with more time gradually added. Sometimes the children died, but that was to be expected. The ones that survived moved on.
Even from an early age, Aki felt a bond with Rin. They competed with each other, out of both sororal duty and their desire to outshine one another in their masters' eyes. But when they left the training grounds, after both were bruised and beaten, either by each other or by their masters after they made a mistake, they bonded as only sisters could. There was something odd about two females who were so talented in a world dominated by men. The boys could never land a blow on them with their wooden training swords and they soon learned that girls that made it as far as the Fushimi sisters did were stronger than everyone else.
Though the personal time the sisters had was precious, they spent it in each other's company. There was no wheedling, no politics, no desire to shame the other. They would sit on the edge of a pond with their feet dangling in the water as they applied ointments to the blue and black splotches that covered their bodies. While rubbing the pungent creams in, they would laugh at the raccoon-dogs that fell into the pond when they chased dragonflies.
As the years passed, they blossomed into two beautiful women that graduated years ahead of their peers. And when they grew into adults, even the masters themselves were afraid of what the sisters could do together. It was then that Rin, the eldest, was given the first sword of the Fushimi clan, murakumo, or "gathering clouds," so named because of the rare white metal used to fashion its blade, making it almost weightless and giving it the power to cut through flesh as if parting air. Aki, the second child, was given kujiki.
In time, each sister grew into her own. Aki was more skilled in marksmanship, excelling in long-distance shooting. She knew how the air felt, how it would affect the bullet, where the target would be when the bullet arrived. And so she was contracted for many stealth missions, like executing unassisted kinetic bombardments from orbit. Her precision also applied to her pressure point techniques. She immobilized and killed her marks with her control of their nervous system and blood flow.
Rin excelled in close quarters combat. It was amazing what she could do with two arms and two legs. With the addition of a blade she had no equal, and she often had Aki under her training sword. She mastered the martial techniques passed down within the Fushimi clan and merged those into the training styles she was exposed to from her own missions.
After they left Aurora, they didn't see each other often. Their skills took them to different places across distant worlds, and it was rare for two agents to work together. Aki became involved with the Einhart, taking down agents of the empire from afar. Rin's skills were better suited to the Sanctum, where brute force and invasion required deft skill on the ground. Yet, their paths rarely crossed on the battlefield, and if they did, the other would make just enough accommodations so that the other could escape.
Vijera, one of the younger princesses of the empire, grew up watching Rin work. She not only coveted the assassin's beauty, but also idolized her abilities. Vijera glorified the way Rin seemed to dance across the battlefield as men and their machines fell, useless, to the ground beneath her. And, as a princess, it was only natural for Vijera to get what she wanted. She was secretive and plotted often, never consulting with advisors or asking for help, always preferring to do things her own way.
The mission she set up for Rin had been simple, a contract drafted for a minor noble of an underpopulated but resource-rich world. Pin the murder on another member of the nobility with planted evidence. Sew political dissent to facilitate Sanctum takeover. Rin took the job.
The poisoned food at the gala event was a success. The target took two bites and started turning green. Not just a sickly green, but a bright emerald green associated with a toxin indigenous to the planet. It was supposed to be public and visible, and the target gave a good performance, leading to a series of tables overturned as his airways swelled shut and he collapsed on the floor. Foam frothed out of his mouth, and Rin, dressed as a server, checked his pulse, or lack thereof, and quickly went to get help by exiting the building through the back, traveling to the extraction point and entering her own shuttle, in preparation for off-world launch. But the oxygen that was supplied for space travel had been replaced by a sleeping gas. As soon as she left the atmosphere, it started filtering through the small cockpit. The only ones who knew how to tamper with an Auroran ship without making it self-detonate was another Auroran, and she and Aki had made enough enemies on their homeworld that she didn't know where to start before she blacked out. The last thing she remembered was her shuttle being guided into a Sanctum imperial ship.
Vijera was ecstatic that she had finally caught Rin. They took her from the shuttle, placed murakumo aside and removed all of the poisons she carried so she wouldn't have a chance to commit suicide.
Rin was one of many contracted assassins and her disappearance wasn't noticed on Aurora until she didn't respond to any of the next ten proposed missions. But by then Vijera had already taken her and wrapped the two of them in a cocoon.
The merge began well. Vijera felt Rin's muscles being added to her own. Short black hair darkened her own auburn hair. Her arms lengthened as they absorbed Rin's limbs. She took on the appearance of a grown woman though she was only a child in mind. The knowledge of the body as a weapon, the poisons from different worlds, and the technology Aurora had that wasn't available to either the Einhart or the Sanctum was now hers, and by extension, the empire's.
But Vijera was greedy. Not only did she want her physical skills and beauty, she wanted all of Rin, including the memories the Auroran held dearest to her.
She tried to gain access to those memories, to the one where Rin and Aki sat with their feet dangling off a bridge as they fed fish in the pond, fat carp with wide eyes and even wider mouths. It was then that Rin struck, hiding the full power of her consciousness within those most precious memories. Vijera was overwhelmed by the sheer fury and force of a betrayed assassin. The cocoon turned black and the two were at risk of dying in moments, which was Rin's intention. The quick-thinking servants saved the cocoon by putting it into stasis as they returned to the throneworld, Sanctuary. It was only with the emperor's power that the merge was completed and Vijera came out in control of the body. But the emperor's power faded over time as Rin, ever vigilant, fought against the shackles that bound her to Vijera's mind. Vijera had no choice but to remain close to the emperor so her father could assist her.
Rin could not undo the merge and refused to control this mix of two bodies that included the princess's subpar mind. She would kill them both and save her dignity and honor. She would save what few Auroran secrets remained that Vijera and the emperor had not yet gained access to. But it grew harder, for the longer she remained bound to this form, the less she remembered of herself, and the emperor removed little pieces of her every time they returned to Sanctuary.

***

Aki continued forward with Rin in her mind as she chased Vijera through the corridors. She passed by a terminal filled with darkspace figures and equations. She threw a location dart at the console as she dashed through, marking it for Alan and Argus. After another set of stairs that spiraled upward, she stepped out onto a long and narrow bridge. Aki could make out Vijera's fleeing form at the other end. Without stopping, Aki pulled out her pistol, synchronized the sight with her running, and fired. The bullet sped straight for Vijera's back, but when it was supposed to impact, Vijera disappeared. The bullet continued and hit the back wall. Vijera materialized a moment later, facing Aki.
"Has your body become as slow as your mind?" Vijera said. 
Though it was dim, Aki was trained to find details in the darkness. Vijera's suit was Sanctum-made, tight and black, similar to Aki's. But there was a purple trim on it, denoting the color only Sanctum royalty could wear. Vijera's hair was longer and a dark shade of brown. But Aki knew those eyes. They were shaped like crescent moons and double lidded, a trait of the Fushimi clan. The sneer, however, was completely Vijera's. Why did she run here? Aki thought. Was there a trap waiting to be sprung on this bridge? Were there more leeches or fren lurking on the other side? 
The bridge had no ceiling. The glass panes that doubled as barriers overlooked darkspace drive production below. This thin bridge must've led between the processing plants. Here, Aki had the advantage. She could fire as many bullets downrange as she wanted while Vijera, it seemed, carried no projectile weaponry. Violence of action would be rendered useless from Rin's training, but Aki could fire.
With two pistols, she compensated for Vijera's increased speed and reflexes. She shot in a wide spread, her left hand shooting at where Vijera was, her right hand shooting at where Aki guessed she would appear next.
The bullets went where she aimed but hit only air. Instead of Vijera, they crashed into the panes of glass that surrounded the bridge. Aki didn't flinch as they shattered. Bits of crystal rained down onto the engine containment fullerenes below. Each time Aki caught a glimpse of Vijera, the lady would turn and disappear, leaving only a shadow in her place. Aki tried to follow with her eyes but couldn't keep up. She now knew how fast she herself appeared to everyone else.
But Vijera was getting sloppy. Her dodges became predictable. Aki fired one more bullet. It sped toward the spot Vijera was materializing in.
Vijera appeared. Aki waited for the sound of impact, for the splatter of blood, but it never came. There was a flash of white light. The bullet split in half and two harmless sparks flashed from the wall behind Vijera. Murakumo had been drawn.
To test if it was truly the blade given to her sister, Aki emptied the last of her clips. Vijera spun the blade with her wrist and fingers, turning it as if it weighed no more than the air she wove around it. Its white metal shone in the darkness as she swept aside all the rounds. The final pane of glass stood behind her, reflecting both of them. Aki stood with her empty guns still aimed at her. Vijera stopped spinning and held her katana horizontally. Murakumo grew darker as silver streaked across its surface. Aki made out the faint metallic rivers that ran across the blade, and even she could barely believe it.
She dropped her guns. "You turned murakumo into a harmonic blade?"
"I made it better," Vijera said. "You Aurorans are still stuck in the past, clinging to tradition as the worlds pass you by." She laughed and with a snap of her wrist flicked the silver liquid behind her. The melted bullets spilled across the glass, sending cracks that branched along its surface as the metal cooled. She raised her sword to the pane of glass. Though it never made contact, the glass shattered nonetheless, leaving the sides of the bridge completely open. Only support beams rose around the edges.
Aki realized she had lost her advantage. Judging by the speed it melted the bullets, Vijera's harmonic blade vibrated in the terahertz range. The vibrations meant that accuracy wasn't necessary; the blade cut through materials by conducting the vibrations through the air immediately surrounding it. The molecular stresses were too much for most materials; their atomic bonds were broken by the energy created from the sword.
They were now in Rin's territory, in Vijera's territory. Aki had spent the last of her bullets trying to defeat an enemy that couldn't be harmed by them. Aki took the sniper rifle off her back and put it onto the ground; it would be useless at this range. She would need to be light if she hoped to survive.
She drew kujiki. "Murakumo is the first sword of my family," Aki said. "It was perfect before you added what was not needed." Her voice was calm and still, like the waves before a storm.
"Don't you mean our family, sister?" Vijera spoke with Rin's voice. When Aki heard it, a part of her broke away and was lost. Aki would never be able to untangle the sound of Rin's voice with the body she was now trapped in. Any hope she might've had of rescuing her sister ceased to exist, like a spark swallowed by the night. She raised kujiki, feeling the familiar weight of her blade.
Vijera changed her stance in response. Her voice was high-pitched and fragile again. "I want her to see this," she said to Aki. "I want Rin to see all of this, the fall of the bastion where she keeps her most precious memories. I will embarrass you, sully the image your sister still has of you, until nothing is left but your battered corpse. She will see it. And when she does, she will break and your sister will be no more."
Aki charged forward. She held her blade out to her side, not wanting to reveal where she would be striking from. The first technique she thought of was the dragon's tail, normally used against multiple targets. She lunged forward, aiming for Vijera's heart. As expected, by the time the blade arrived, it pierced only empty space. Aki executed the second part of the technique. Extending her arm and pivoting on her foot, she swung kujiki in a horizontal arc and spun around, clearing the area immediately around her. Her foot crunched on the glass as she turned. She knew she chose the right opening when her sword was stopped halfway as it impacted with murakumo.
Kujiki shook in Aki's grip as the vibrations transferred from one sword to another. The Auroran steel held and kujiki didn't shatter. A lesser blade would have disintegrated in seconds, but the atomic bonding employed by the craftsmen of her homeworld ensured it would remain whole.
Vijera was forced to parry Aki's strike. She retaliated by drawing the blade up, aiming at Aki's exposed trunk.
Aki dropped to the ground as fast as her muscles could pull her. Even though the blade didn't touch her, the vibrations it sent through the air cut through her suit and skin. A diagonal gash appeared across her stomach, quickly filling with blood. Before the pain could register, from her crouch she switched her grip on kujiki and thrust at Vijera's torso.
But Vijera was gone and Aki hit nothing. The force of her thrust pulled her upright. She looked for the lady. Vijera was mid-leap above Aki, her feet pressed against one of the thin beams that once supported the glass. Her body was tilted towards Aki and she stared like a bird watching its prey. Aki recognized the pose immediately; she knew the tension in the thighs, the sword held off to the side, the adjustments Vijera's feet were making as they made minute changes as she reached the apex of her jump. She would push off in a moment. The diving falcon was a move Aki herself used, and the only effective defense against it was to never let it happen. 
Aki grabbed a shard of glass from the floor and threw it at Vijera's foot on the beam. It flew like a dart and shattered harmlessly, making the beam ring out like a bell. But Vijera was forced to move her foot and the diving falcon would miss its mark. Yet Vijera was confident. She pushed off anyway, her lust for blood overriding Rin's knowledge and experience. The tension in her thighs released in one burst as she dove, aiming for Aki's neck with murakumo.
Aki didn't know what to make of Vijera's judgment, but used it to her advantage. She maneuvered kujiki into position. The tip was pointed not at Vijera's center of mass, but at the much smaller target of her palm. Aki would have to be hit the exact point where she held murakumo and weaken her grip on the sword. But once Vijera pushed off the beam she was at the mercy of gravity. Her course was set.
Aki moved her neck an inch to the right, avoiding murakumo and its harmonic vibrations. She felt the tip of her sword touch Vijera's hand. In position, she held it tightly and let Vijera's momentum do the rest.
Vijera landed behind her. Four fingers followed, dropping to the ground with wet thuds, some still twitching atop the broken glass and staining it red. Murakumo fell from Vijera's broken grip; its blade still hummed and sank through the floor of the bridge, held in place only by the handle that swung back and forth.
Aki wasn't finished yet. Rin was too close and Aki didn't have time to turn around or change grips. She dropped her own sword and extended the pointer and middle fingers of both hands. There would be no time for needles.
With Vijera's back turned to her, she quickly hit the key pressure points she needed to damage. She shot forward like a snake, her fingers jabbing with such speed that it looked like she had six hands. 
She hit the point above the scapula for left arm control and the point between lumbar four and five for shoulder rotation. Yet with each strike something didn't feel right. She could compensate for minor differences from body to body, but Vijera no longer conformed to human anatomy. It seemed like her muscles were denser, her cartilage thicker and her joints were slightly misaligned. Each of these differences rendered Aki's attacks useless. Even though she struck with precision for two seconds, the normal changes of the stiffened neck and loss of muscle control didn't occur. She realized the futility of her attacks and went to grab kujiki, but Vijera had already recovered. As soon as Aki gripped her sword, Vijera swung out with her fists balled into a club and smashed them into Aki's chest.
A line of blood shot out from the cut on Aki's stomach. She felt ribs crack as she was sent flying. Strands of her hair fluttered in front of her eyes. The force of the blow would send her off the bridge. She looked to her right and was about to fly past one of the support beams. She pulled her legs back and hooked onto it. The crook of her knees acted as a pivot as she swung around. After a revolution, she extended them, letting go, using her remaining speed to propel her back onto the bridge. She landed on her back and slid a few feet. Through the pain, she held onto kujiki. She thrust it into the ground to slow herself. Glass built up behind her as she stopped.
Vijera's right hand was reduced to a thumb and four bleeding stumps, so she picked up murakumo with her left hand.
Though Aki had trouble breathing, she stood up as well. She tried to straighten her back but the pain was too great. Slouching was bearable, and the pressure helped keep the bleeding in check.
The sisters faced each other and prepared to dance again.

Chapter 26

"Aki!" Alan called out as he ran past darkspace engine enclosures. He looked at his map. Aki should've been close by. Another blip came from the room they were approaching, this time from one of Aki's personal markers.
Argus followed close behind, his guns sweeping for invisible leeches and fren that might jump out from the shadows. None had appeared, yet he was afraid Alan's calling would attract them to their position. But he kept silent. He wanted to find Aki just as much as he did. She wasn't a member of the Einhart, but she was still a member of their team. They would find her.
Alan trotted up the stairs to the room Aki marked. Argus backed up each step one at a time, scanning for any movement. When he saw none, he hurried and caught up with Alan. Perhaps they didn't roam this area since there wasn't any prey.
The door they passed through had already been opened. They found the location dart Aki had left them on top of a wide console. It was small and thin, barely larger than the needles Aki used to cure Alan of his joint pains. But it emitted a powerful signal on a specific frequency, and Alan knew she had passed through here.
Alan looked up at the projections surrounding him. Symbols he had never seen before mixed with symbols he knew. They danced across the screen, reforming themselves into endless permutations as if they tried to solve a riddle.
The console appeared locked down, but Alan wasn't concerned with access. He brought out the data mine, designed by Dr. Guren and given to him by Claudia. It was still suspended inside its magnetic cage, untouched and undamaged throughout all the fighting. He reached down into the thin cylinder, gingerly pinched the data mine with two fingers and brought it out. The magnetic field that suspended it dissipated. Though it was the biggest the Einhart had ever made, it looked the same size as all the other ones he had used in the past; a metallic cone that tapered into a sharp point that fit in his palm. He fiddled with the top of it, trying to twist it or pull it so the bundle of wires and programs inside would activate. It worked before with previous models on past missions.
Nothing happened. He was about to just smack it really hard against the console and see if that would fix it, but at the last moment he decided against it. "Argus! Do you know how to work this thing?" he asked.
Argus slung his rifle over his shoulder and held out his hand, beckoning with his fingers in mock impatience. "Didn't bother to read the instructions?" he joked. 
Alan gave him the data mine. It looked even smaller in Argus's hand. "Just turn it on."
"I mean really, boss, we had a whole darkspace flight to figure it out," he quipped as he studied the console. A look at Alan's steely face and Argus grinned. "Here," he said. He found a projection unit on the console, where light streamed out of a tiny aperture that formed an image of a darkspace engine prototype. With a thrust, he shoved the sharp part of the data mine into it, breaking the aperture's glass.
Alan was afraid the data mine was nothing more than scrap metal after that, but when Argus backed away, small lights began to glow on the part of the cone that stuck out from the aperture. "Well," he said with his hands on his hips. "I could've done that."
The lights were accompanied by a high-pitched whirring. Wires of every color shot out. Each was tipped with a metal spike on its end. The wires were like threads, thin and flexible. They dashed this way and that, tearing through the metal beneath the light console as if it were no more than paper. The ends pierced the circuitry inside, hijacking the information and siphoning it into the data mine. The wires climbed over each other in an effort to commandeer all the data. In a few moments, the tangle of rainbow-colored vines had covered it so completely that barely any of the silver console was visible. All the wires led back to the data mine. The core spike started to drain the network.
The data was uploaded to Alan's wristband and projected in front of him. Equations, schematics, and unfinished projects flashed by one after the other. The data spike prioritized darkspace propulsion information, and he was looking at a new engine shell when Argus tapped him on the back. It was a touch so light that Alan knew something was wrong as soon as he felt it. He didn't ask but only turned around and looked questioningly. Alan saw nothing so he quieted the beating of his heart, ignored the whirring of the data spike in the background. Then he heard it. The quiet clicks of claws against the concrete floor, the tiny squeaks as the darkspace engine frames were gently nudged aside. Fren? The clicks continued across the ground, untraceable. They were far but getting closer.
The quiet was shattered by the gunshot reports ringing out high above them, followed by a rain of glass. The sudden burst of sound jolted both of them. "Aki," Alan said.
"Go. I'll defend and hold until it's finished," Argus said, nodding to the data mine that chirped as it guzzled information.
Alan turned to go, but Argus stopped him.
"It's dangerous to go alone," the big man said with a twinkle in his eye. "Take this." Argus held out his grenade launcher, the same one he used on the leech earlier.
"You'll need it for the fren," Alan said, trying to push it back.
"I have something I can use here," he said, looking around at the engine frames. "This is the only way in and better defended with something else," he said, pointing to the wide doorway they had come through. "I've never heard Aki miss before. You'll need it." Argus dropped the launcher. Alan caught it with both hands and hefted it across his shoulder. He handed the suspension case for the data mine to Argus, nodded his thanks and went up the staircase.
Argus turned back as Alan's footsteps faded above him. The data mine would require more time to complete its work as it sifted through the databases in the research facility. 
He quickly set up his perimeter. His bag, or mobile armory as he thought of it, had become light. Not much was left. Dumping out the remainder of its contents onto the floor, he sifted through spare ammo and sealed silver packages before he found what he was looking for. His hand closed around a bandolier with black canisters attached to it. Each canister held three balls made of soft, malleable plastic. He pulled one out. It immediately changed its color and patterning to match the textured grip of his gloves. He aimed the camouflage mine, or k-mine as the other soldiers called it, and threw it as hard as he could back towards the way they had come, past the stairs and out onto the manufacturing level. It bounced once and changed colors as it rolled across the floor, calculating color distribution and adding cracks based on observed patterns. When it came to a rest, the ball began melting. It thinned and spread out across the ground until it was only a few millimeters thick, blending into the floor like a concrete pancake. Its new shape activated the explosive charge. Its pressure sensors would be tested soon enough.
Argus threw more k-mines out across the floor. As they flattened and activated, their locations were yellow arrows that appeared from his wrist projection. The area was wide and he didn't have enough to cover the whole floor, but this would have to do. 
He grabbed the silver packets he set aside earlier and ripped them open. It looked like there was nothing inside, but once the nanomachines were exposed to air, they came to life and flew out in a buzzing cloud. The object they were going to create had already been programmed into them; Argus had seen to its design and engineering during the trip from the Aurelius to Abyssinia. He hoped that his calculations had been correct and that they could use the material here. What he wanted to make wouldn't be as easy as a chair. It needed a lot of metal. 
The nanomachines knew to avoid the data mine behind them and went out onto the manufacturing floor to search for the proper materials. They scanned the concrete and air for the necessary materials, but those didn't have what they needed. They only found a match when they hit upon the darkspace engine frames, made of an alloy designed to withstand the pressures of interdimensional travel. Using their lasers, they cut off atomic chunks of the material and brought it back to the assembly area designated behind the wide doorway. After one trip they only had part of one of the support struts built. Argus knew there wasn't enough time. 
He ventured out from the doorway, his rifle held at the ready. He avoided the yellow areas marked on his map, ever vigilant for a stray tail or glowing red eye. He didn't see any as he reached the first fullerene engine cage. With a yank it came off the hooks that held it on the assembly line. It was heavy. Even with his strength, he had to drag it across the floor. If those creatures didn't know where he was, the screech of the metal against the floor made his position clear. He reached another one and pulled it off with his other hand. As it came crashing to the ground, the first mine exploded far away. Argus scanned the dim edges of the production plant. A large plume of orange and red lit up around the furthest k-mine. 
From behind, within the supposed safe zone, he heard the click clack of claws against concrete. One had made it through, and judging by the rhythm, it was already too close. There was no time to release the engine cages and grab his rifle, so he extended his arms, turned his feet and swung around in a circle, using the cages as extensions of his fists. As he started his second revolution, one of the cages crashed into something hard, almost jolting the cage from his grip. He caught a glimpse of something toothy and shaggy batted away between spins. The fren must've landed on another mine. Another plume of fire went up where it fell. He felt the shockwave and heat on his back.
He shuffled back and dragged the cages up the stairs. A low growl was the only warning he got before a fren leapt from the shadows and ran towards him. With the adrenaline coursing through his veins, he pulled the cages to either side of himself. The fren was coming closer, but he waited. After it leapt, when Argus could see the drool leak out of its mouth, he flexed his chest and smashed the cages together. The fren was sandwiched between the bars. The force of Argus's attack destroyed the scaled armor and the flesh underneath it. He felt bones break as metal rang against metal. The fren slid off the rods in pieces.
He finished climbing the stairs with the gore-covered darkspace engine shells. The nanomachines assembled faster now that the source material was in front of them; the other support legs started to take shape.
With the time the mines bought, Argus checked on the data mine. Only halfway done. He started to loathe that little bar that wouldn't fill faster. Its colorful spinning, designed to soothe the senses, only stoked the fire of his impatience more. He turned back to guard his domain.
His rifle would have to do until the nanomachines were finished. He opened the last canister of k-mines. With precise throws, he placed the three mines in a row leading up to the stairs. He was the king of this hill, and until the data mine had taken the data it needed, he would keep it safe.
The mines on the outer perimeter detonated. He kept watch through the yellow markers projected in front of him. Four markers disappeared in quick succession, followed by four fireballs on the right. Argus could make out large metal sphere cages fly into the air. When he looked closely there were bits of fren and perhaps something else. 
Argus guessed that they would approach from the center or the left now, scared off by the explosions on the right. There was only one set of stairs that led up to him, and Argus commanded a clear view and the high ground. But he was only one person, and he didn't know how long he could last.
Another series of explosions. The center cluster detonated. They were closer now. Argus could make out their triplet red eyes as they covered the open ground that led to the stairs.
While they were still far off, Argus looked into his scope and picked them off one by one. He didn't have Aki's accuracy or her sniper rifle, but he managed to hit a few of them. The more densely grouped mines closer to the base did the rest. He slapped in a fresh magazine and fired again, always keeping an eye on the nanomachines. Enough of the weapon had been built so that he could balance his rifle on top of one of its shield plates, improving his aim and reducing recoil.
The fren came in waves. They were close; Argus didn't need to look through his sight to aim. He counted at least ten of the creatures as they galloped towards his position. He kept pulling the trigger until the gun clicked uselessly. He had spent the last of his ammunition. 
The nanomachines had deconstructed the two darkspace engine cages. All that was left of them were scraps of metal deemed unfit for the project. In their place stood another pile of metal in the same color, but arranged into thin, triangular flaps on the floor. The rest of the weapon was a stationary turret, with heavy front shielding made of sheets of alloy. Argus put his hands on the two grips, still being finished between his fingers. Two power cords snaked back towards the console and connected with the facility's power supply. His display told him that the current was flowing with minimal fluctuations. The railgun was active. Large ammo shells derived partly from the cages and partly from the atoms in the air hung in a long line below the main body of the railgun. New shells were being made from available materials, their cylindrical bodies only half-formed, but they would diminish in quality as materials became scarce. These first rounds were the best.
Argus turned the railgun on. The electric current surged into the gun, and the triangular flaps on the ground floated upwards. They arranged themselves into a long cylinder held together by magnetic force. Tendrils of green electricity crackled between each of the pieces. They wobbled slightly, as if they were being blown by a light breeze.

"Even my life, etched into stone
in time
becomes nothing more than
dust before the wind."

The fren reached the base of the staircase as the first shell was loaded into the railgun. The lights dimmed as the railgun drained power from the facility. The electricity funneled into the cylinder that acted as the barrel of the gun. Argus took aim, leading the fren with his reticle, and fired. Electricity cycled through the railgun; magnetic fields propelled the spinning metal slug out of the muzzle with the smell of ozone and the sound of striking lightning. The slug was shot out so quickly it partially melted as it accelerated towards its target. When it struck, there was no fire, but only a deafening crash as the kinetic energy obliterated everything around it.
When the dust settled, the ground was no more. Where a group of fren used to be only a crater remained. The shell blew through the concrete, and Argus could catch a glimpse of the level beneath the manufacturing plant. 
Bits of concrete pinged off of Argus's armor as the next shell was loaded.
Two more minutes and the data mine would be finished.

Chapter 27

"Aki!" Alan called out as he took the stairs two at a time. The bullets had stopped, replaced by the clashing of steel against steel. The blood pumped in his legs and sweat dripped off his face but he didn't slow. Vijera had become a feared name throughout the Einhart after her merger with Aki's sister, and despite his confidence in Aki, Alan didn't know if they could neutralize her with just the two of them.
When he reached the top of the stairs, the bridge was already listing to one side. Vijera held her sword with her left hand; her movements were sloppy and wide from the pain. Each time she missed, she cut through the floor. With every swing, one of the support beams underneath the bridge was severed by murakumo. It groaned as the two fought above it, weakening it with every step.
Aki wasn't in much better shape. She bled from a gash on her stomach, and Alan was surprised she was still standing considering how much blood was on the floor. She slouched and her breath came in ragged gasps. She managed to parry Vijera's blows with her own sword, but she was weakening and kujiki looked heavy in her grip.
Alan aimed with his rifle but couldn't get a clear shot; they still moved too quickly. He switched to the grenade launcher he received from Argus. With his sight synced to the reticle, he aimed for a far beam. Accuracy wasn't important; all he needed was the concussive blast and enough time to retrieve his teammate. He aimed high and fired.
Aki locked swords with Vijera. She pushed as hard as she could to maintain her footing as she sought for any opening to use against Vijera. With her back turned to him, she didn't know Alan was there until she saw the projectile grenade out of the corner of her eye. But in that moment of distraction, Vijera planted a kick in the middle of Aki's weakened chest, forcing her to the ground. Aki grimaced as she fell. The grenade was still arcing through the air, but Vijera was fast and the blade was coming down on her neck. There was no chance of Vijera missing now, when Aki had nowhere to go. She closed her eyes, regret filling her as she awaited the deathblow.
It never came. When she opened her eyes, Vijera was still poised over her, her mouth tightened into a line full of rage, the tendons sticking out like suspension wires underneath her neck. Her left hand was frozen mid-swing. Aki noticed the change happening in her eyes. They softened, grew deeper. Vijera's mouth relaxed. And for just a moment, Aki saw Rin again. She was on the ground after sparring with her elder sister, just as she had always been. For just a moment, they were two sisters again.
Rin didn't have control over the vocal chords, so she mouthed only one word. "Live." The grenade detonated behind her. She smiled, and then jumped backwards into the explosion. The last thing Aki saw was Vijera's hair on fire and the suit melting and fusing to her skin. Aki reached out a limp hand, as if she could save Rin by pulling her back.
A pair of strong arms grabbed Aki from behind. "No!" Aki shouted, but she was too weak to struggle. Alan dragged her back from the flames, then off of the bridge. They watched as the blast weakened the thin floor and the fire ate through the remaining supports. The metal strained and fought to keep its original shape but couldn't. With a groan, one by one the supports snapped. 
The bridge collapsed. It was a long way down, and the fires burned brightly as Alan and Aki watched the bridge crash onto the engine production level below. Explosions lit up the area as it touched undetonated k-mines. The floor, already weakened by Argus's railgun blasts, caved in as the bridge fell on top of it. The bridge shattered and broke through the ground, finally coming to a rest in pieces, exposing a smaller basement corridor that ran under the production level.
Back to her senses, Aki looked up at Alan. "Do you think she's alive?" she asked. Her voice was weak, but tempered by determination and love.
Alan looked down at the wreckage. He didn't know which answer would hurt less. "I don't know," he decided. "The royals are tough. Like you," he said, smiling. "Can you stand?" 
She nodded and tried to push herself up, but collapsed when her arms couldn't support her. A trail of blood leaked out of her mouth. Alan put his head under her arm and pushed up with his legs. With one arm draped over his shoulders, they made their way down the stairs one at a time. Alan lost his balance twice with the added weight of the grenade launcher and Aki, but he put one foot after the other and that was enough.

***

Argus had run out of regular shells for his railgun. To make new ones, the nanomachines had to resort to the nearest material. Each of the new shells was a mess of biological, metal and concrete components, harvested from the fren corpses and whatever else was close at hand. Each shell, if it could be called that, was covered in a layer of slime. With every shot the railgun deteriorated, its magnetic launching fields only exerting force on the metal components. One even misfired, landing dangerously close to Argus as it exploded in a shower of gore and shrapnel on the stairs as it detonated the remaining mine. He had only ducked behind the defenses of the turret in the nick of time. Something chunky splattered on his back. The railgun wouldn't last much longer.
As he fired the last shell, a particularly malformed and goopy one, he saw Alan with Aki. They tripped over the last stair and barely caught themselves. With no more fren in the immediate vicinity, he went to help them. He took the grenade launcher back from Alan. Aki had to keep her hand on the wall, but she could stand.
"Is it done yet?" Alan asked, nodding to the data mine.
"No, ten seconds," Argus responded. He was back at the railgun, inputting final commands. The barrel of the railgun started spinning faster, a dizzying blur of triangles and green electricity. "Where's our exit?" he asked.
Alan looked to where the bridge had fallen through the floor and into the basement below. "There. The fallen bridge made an opening we can slip through."
"Do you know where it goes?" Argus asked. He aimed the barrel towards the wreckage of the bridge.
"Looks like there are launch tubes that reach the surface," Alan responded.
"What's the time on the EMP?"
"Three seconds."
"Firing." Argus aimed towards the bridge and shot the railgun one last time. There was no ammunition inside its chamber. The barrel of the gun itself launched, leaving only the bottom half of the turret intact. The spinning cylinder of metal shards and electricity flew towards the flames. Behind him, the tangle of cables and wires that extended from the data mine retracted into the core spike, leaving the console looking like a cheese from Cybele. The core spike emitted an electromagnetic pulse. It spread, destroying the circuitry of anything that wasn't shielded. The console it was connected to sparked and fizzled, the cloud of nanomachines fell dead to the ground, and row after row of lights went out. When the pulse reached the barrel flying through the air, the green electric field that held it together dissipated and it spun apart. Triangular sheets of metal unfolded and lodged themselves into fren and concrete and fire, clearing a path for them to get through.
Though electricity was gone, the data mine still glowed brightly. Argus handed him the mine case. Alan pulled the mine out of the console, put it back into its case and stuffed it into his pocket. He commanded it to sort through the data and display anything relevant as they were making their escape.
They climbed down the broken staircase. Alan led the way, jogging across uneven craters. Argus carried Aki, close behind. They ran together, guided by the flames that still burned where the bridge had fallen. Alan was alert, but it seemed nothing else survived.
After crawling over concrete and stepping over bodies, they reached the hole in the floor. Alan jumped down first followed by Argus. Aki groaned slightly as they landed. The lights were still functioning on this level.
They ran down the empty hallway for a short distance until Argus said, "Wait." He gently put Aki down and reloaded the launcher. Facing the way they'd come, he aimed for a cracked spot on the ceiling and launched a grenade.
They continued on before it hit. Chunks of rock and concrete came down, caving in the corridor behind them. A cloud of dust coated their backs. Nothing would follow them down here and they could slow their pace. Now that their mission was over, all they needed was a way out.
Alan looked through the map of the area, trying to figure out where this tunnel led. Further ahead, there were launching tubes that reached the surface, only he didn't know what was being launched from them.
His com chattered to life. "Second Medium, do you copy?" It was Sylvan. "Second Medium, are you safe?"
"Alan here. We're alive."
"Thank the High Adjudicant! We heard explosions come from the way you'd gone and we feared the worst."
"What's your status?" Alan asked.
"The data mine finished its work and we went back the way we came. It's down to Deacom, Samson and myself, but we're safe here. If we open this door we can leave the facility, though I don't know what's waiting for us out there."
"Hold position, I'll find a way to get you-" Alan said, but his attention immediately turned to a strange map that appeared on his display. "It couldn't be," he said to himself. 
"Sir, what is it?" Sylvan asked, but Alan ignored him. He rotated the image. It was an area of space that encompassed at least a dozen solar systems. Overlaid on top of it was a network of passages that connected to each other, like the top of a tree; its branches were directed in certain areas, with smaller twigs ending up at specific worlds. But the map had two different views. One was in normal space, where everything was scattered and didn't make sense, with large gaps between the passages. The map was disjointed, like a single piece of glass that had been shattered. But when he shifted the image into the darkspace view, it all came together into a fluid whole.
It was no wonder why, despite all their searching, they could never find Sanctuary, homeworld of the empire. It took massive amounts of energy to move a ship from normal space to darkspace, but the work he was looking at, the research they did here, made it possible for even a small planet to shift into the other dimension. That planet followed a set path through prefabricated routes invisible to everything else. It pulsed steadily across one of the branches, a beautiful blip of light in the darkness.
"Sanctuary," Alan said. "We've found it."

Chapter 28

Ashra awoke. She didn't open her eyes, but she noticed that the Empyrean, with its island surrounded by clear waters and the tree that stood at its center, had changed. Something was different here, something vibrant and alive. The tree had grown during her time in stasis, now overshadowing her as she sat under it, giving her shade from a sun that didn't exist. Small buds began to bloom into flowers on the tips of the branches. Their scent was calming and light, lending only the faintest trace of perfume to the air. With the exception of the perpetuals, those colored stars that hung in the center of the sky, the other stars had become much fewer in number. They were clustered in the eastern part of her sky, with another grouping to the north. Very few people lived in wherever it was she landed. Yet there was life here, more than she had ever felt before. It was not the life that encompassed individuals. It was nourishing, something from deep under the ground, something that had its own rhythm and mind, something that slept, undisturbed by the events on the surface far above it.
The plush restraints of the escape pod had deflated back to their original shape, allowing Ashra to move again. As she stepped onto the threshold, she let her hand linger across its surface. It seemed silly to still call it an escape pod, something made for only one use. This vessel had journeyed from warship to capital ship and finally settled on land. Though she couldn't see, she knelt down and felt its cold floor, if only to touch her mother's blood that was still there. We made it, she thought, as her fingers ran across something dried and grainy. And though you are no longer in my sky, we shall fulfill your last wish together and see what this world gave you, and why you chose this place for me. For us.
The first thing she noticed as she stepped outside was the smell. She didn't know the word for it because she had never experienced it, but what the wind blew through her was the scent of the earth, the scent of the wildflower pollen and the dirt after the rain. When she stepped down from the pod and the grass tickled her legs under her skirt, she knew what nature was for the first time, what genuine gravity felt like. She was not on a ship with a destination; she was anchored to the ground of a planet drifting through space, one that derived its sustenance not from any engine but from the sun itself.
 And so, without knowing why, she took off her shoes and felt the grass with her feet, feeling each blade slide between her toes. She felt the soft ground underneath them, providing a cushion as she jumped up and down. She smiled, a smile that can only be seen from a child playing in the grass. She sought to find a pair of eyes so she could see what it was that brought her such joy, but the only life she felt close to her was that of the insects and little animals, whose eyesight she could not share. They appeared as cosmic dust in the Empyrean, too small to hold to her eye.
Yet, she was not alone. The stars had changed position and some were closer than before. Her arrival on Phalos had not gone unnoticed. It seemed like the northern stars were coming. These were like no stars she had seen before; their shapes were varied, some were full of points, some were ellipses, and one of them was even round and hollow like a torus.
In all her years on the Edict, the only stars she knew were the round white ones. They would shine brightly. The stars of the soldiers would parade in lines from one end of the Empyrean to the other, and she would compose a small march in her head as they bounced their way across the ship during their drills, twinkling all the way. The officers were sloppier, yet the shape of their stars had always been the same. Humans. They were all humans. Round and bright, that's what they were.
But these, these oblong and strange ones, some parts round and bright, other parts rough and dull; she didn't know what to make of them. The paths of some of them were erratic; they would dash forward then backward, go up and then down, giving the impression they were climbing something. But one of the strange stars remained steady in its path; it looked like three white orbs being pulled to the center by a black hole. Each orb had a long tail that wound the three into a circle.
What were these things? Perhaps they weren't humans; perhaps they were like her, part human, part something else, pariahs of their own societies. She could try to use their eyes, if they had eyes at all, but she didn't know what would happen. Sometimes her targets would become drowsy, other times they'd feel an itch in the back of their mind they couldn't scratch; how would these creatures react? She didn't want to risk linking her mind with something that could possibly use her instead. She would remain blind and rely on herself.
This is where her mother wanted her to be, she thought. Though delayed, this was the spot she was supposed to be in. And these new stars, she had never seen their like before. Were they friend or foe? She dug into the belt to check what she had. The knife Aki had given her, the tracking beacon from Alan, and the pendant with no chain from her mother. She might be able to defend herself.
She didn't know the terrain, so she put her shoes back on and took small steps forward. She still needed a guide, and settled for a branch she found on the ground. She broke it to match her height. There was warmth on her skin from the sun. The wind gently blew her hair as if her mother were behind her, straightening it with a comb made of air. She decided she was in a meadow. A meadow! Something she only saw through her tutors' eyes as she studied. She didn't know how far it extended, but she knew she wanted to walk to its edge.
If it were a week ago, she would've fled. She didn't know who or what was looking for her, and her first instinct had always been to hide, to hide behind her mother, behind her hair, behind a wall. She was the outcast princess, Princess of the Void.
But things had changed and she had changed. She remembered Vijera and the final moments of her mother's star, she remembered the angry men who came to her cell and demanded she return their conquered homeworlds. But most of all, she remembered Alan. She remembered when he first supported her in his strong arms as she left the pod, when he held her as only Lydia had held her before, when he trusted her, and she in turn trusted him. His pale yellow star still shone brightly, and though she didn't know where the Einhart sent him, she took strength from the fact that he was alive.
She was still Ashra, Princess of the Void, but this time she would not hide. With her branch as her guide, she put one foot in front of the other and headed towards the group of strange stars as they danced up and down. As she kept her feet along the narrow path through the meadow, she wondered if her mother had walked the same path she was walking now.

Chapter 29

Again, it was Zava who spotted her first. The runners ran ahead, but their sight was blocked by the tree trunks that cast their shadows over the dirt path. Zava could crawl and climb as easily as he walked, and he found a perch among the trees. The pod had opened. Walking towards them was a small figure. He saw her immediately; how the runners had not noticed her was beyond his comprehension. She had long hair the color of snow and wore white garments so bright she shone like a star in the day.
"There's someone coming!" he called down, his voice full of pride. The runners increased their speed, their legs fueled by competition, to see who could reach her first. The runners were a strange group. Their upper bodies were those of young men and women, older than Zava. Their lower halves had been fused with the legs of a bird that ran on the ground of Phalos. Their heights varied, but the one thing they had in common was that they were fast, and when they were fast, they were silent.
When Zava looked again, the brightness of the figure had been reduced as she entered the shade of the trees. She must've felt it as well, for she slowed as she entered the shadows.
Zava climbed down and walked next to Orana. Though she seemed to be taking a leisurely stroll through the woods, her pace was deceptively quick with her eight legs, each step stirring up puffs of dirt around her. Her eyes, the two human ones and the six spider ones, kept watch for ambush. She walked with her wrists crossed; her hands lay on top of the spider's hairy head, and from the waist up it appeared as if she were being borne by a palanquin, so smooth was her gait. "Who's coming?" she asked. She patted the emblem emblazoned on the abdomen of her spider half, inviting Zava to ride with her. It was rare to have the maiden out of her cave, and Zava relished every moment in her company. With a hop, he sat on the hairy surface, enjoying being rocked back and forth by the movement of the spider underneath him.
"She was all white, like this!" he said, gently pulling on the tuft of white hairs that made up the symbol.
She glanced behind and laughed. "And how many did you see?" she asked.
"Just one." He saw the worried look on her face and quickly added, "but maybe there were others I couldn't see."
"There has never been anything you couldn't see with your bright eyes," she said with a smile. Yet even Zava, only a child, could sense her anxiety. 

***

Ashra felt the sunlight cool to shadow as she followed the path, feeling its curves and edges with her feet and walking stick. The stars came closer, and it seemed like their energetic bouncing had been reduced to little hops as she neared. She showed no fear. More than a princess of the empire, she was her mother's daughter and would walk with the confidence that Lydia had given her.
They met amongst the trees, under their layered shade. Ashra stood alone with her stick. On the other side, the climbers had crawled to the highest branches to provide a lookout. The runners stayed to the side of the path; they knelt down on their elongated feet, like birds roosting on the grass. The Maiden Orana stepped forward with Zava next to her, and they stopped in front of Ashra.
Ashra stood silent, her face upheld and her eyes closed. Orana, as the ambassador for Phalos, spoke first.
"Welcome to Phalos," she said. "We have been awaiting your arrival." She bowed as low as she could, bending at the waist with her human half while the spider lowered its front legs.
Ashra heard the woman's voice and was reminded of her mother. There was something in the timbre, in the curve of the words. No one else had spoken like Lydia before.
Ashra prepared her gestures in advance. She pointed to her throat and shook her head, frowning slightly. With her other hand, she held two fingers to her forehead, tapped the place between her eyes and then extended them towards the voice she heard.
"What does she mean?" Zava asked. Orana watched intently, studying Ashra's face. She didn't know what to make of this young child in white. She looked like Lydia. She had white hair; a trait of the priestesses after they awakened. 
But Orana was cautious. She did not survive this long by trusting others. Who was this child? Why was Lydia not here? She would only get the answers if she opened her mind. "Let us talk," she said.
Ashra nodded. She held the star that stood in front of her, the one made of three white orbs that curled into themselves. She extended her mind, the tendrils of thought tentative and probing. As soon as they reached Orana, Ashra was repulsed by a force, an unyielding wall that pushed her away. She had never felt such a strong resistance against her mind before. The sudden impact jolted her.
 Orana apologized. "I have not been in the presence of one with the powers of a priestess for many years." She closed her eyes and calmed herself, going deep into her own mind, removing the layers of protection that enshrouded it. "Please, try once more," she said.
Ashra sought out the maiden's mind again. Despite having to maneuver around mental obstacles Orana had forgotten to remove, she made contact this time. <I am Ashra,> she said. She considered introducing herself as the Sanctum princess, but thought better of it. <The daughter of Lydia,> she finished.
Orana's face lit up. "It is wonderful news to hear you all have survived. Where is she now? Where is Lydia? Is she still where you landed? Is she hurt?" The words tumbled out.
Ashra shook her head. <Lydia, my mother, is no longer with us. She perished aboard the Edict as we tried to escape.> She reached inside the pocket within her belt and took out a small bundle wrapped in cloth. <This is all I have to remember her by.>
Orana brushed her fingers over the pendant Ashra held. The blue jewel in the center seemed to absorb the light filtered through the trees, lending a glow to the half moon it was ensconced in. "The Moon of Phalos," she said. "It has returned. Truly then, you are her daughter." She pulled back her hand. "And she is gone." Her ebullience had been tempered, but her hope remained strong.
<The Moon of Phalos?> Ashra wrapped it back up and returned it to her belt. <This was a jewel my mother had. She left it with me as we were leaving.>
"Phalos has two moons that circle it, and a third that defies orbit, going only where the priestess goes."
<My mother was a priestess?>
"No, but she was going to be. She was going to be the one Priestess of Phalos, the one who sends. I was her attendant." Orana heard a faint rustling in the leaves. Though it was probably only an animal, she grew anxious. "Let us go somewhere more private, away from the eyes and ears of the empire."
<I understand.> Ashra was going to start walking with her stick again, but asked, <May I borrow a pair of eyes?>
Orana looked confused. "I'm afraid we don't have any spare ones," she said.
Ashra laughed. <I may be blind, but I can see through the eyes of others with my mind, like I can speak with you.>
"Ah. In that case, let me give you the best pair of eyes we have, the ones that first spotted your arrival."
Zava trotted close to them and offered a clawed hand. "Nice to meet you," he said. He and Ashra were about the same height.
Ashra took it. She felt the rough scaly skin, but didn't mind. <Your name?>
Zava grinned as he heard a voice speak not to his ears but to his mind. "I'm Zava, the climber! You need my eyes?"
Ashra nodded. <If you'll allow me.> 
"Uh huh!" He vigorously nodded his consent. Ashra felt the vibrations through his hand.
In the Empyrean, she plucked out the star closest to her, a rounded sliver that looked like a sickle, and put it up to her eye. In that moment, her world changed. She had never seen with such clarity, such brilliance before. Yet more important than the tool through which she saw was what she saw. Only in holograms had she seen trees like these and grass so green.
She caught a glimpse of herself as they trekked deeper into the forest. She walked with confidence now; her back was straight and her head was held high. The runners, on legs made from some large bird, dashed ahead while the climbers gripped trees with clawed hands and feet. She saw the Maiden Orana. The maiden's human half was quiet and gentle, while her spider half was feral and proud.
As if sending her thoughts, Orana asked, "You are wondering what happened here, aren't you?"
<A little,> she admitted. <If this is the natural order here, I only wonder why my mother and I don't look like you.>
"This," she said, gesturing to herself, "happened after your mother was taken. Before the arrival of the Sanctum, we were all human. We had settlements and enjoyed our lives here, living off the bounty of the land. So it had been as far back as we could remember, and so we thought it would always be."
They continued deeper into the forest. To make better time, one of the runners put Ashra upon Orana's back. "Our clan has always been a matriarchy, ruled by women," she continued. "And the greatest of these women was the priestess. Only she was capable of the sending, where the souls of the dead are returned to the earth."
<Souls? The people of Phalos believe in souls?>
"You do not?" Orana asked.
<I do not. Souls are a religious construct. We are a bundle of nerves and electric impulses. If there is a soul, then it is only a representation of who we believe we are,> Ashra said.
Orana laughed. "How does one as young as you come to such a conclusion?"
<Time passes slowly in my mind.>
"And in your mind, is there a field of stars from which you see the world?"
Ashra was surprised. <How did you know?>
"You are not the first descendant of the priestess I have known. After the empire arrived, I lost my faith as well. Souls may be just as you describe them. But that blueprint of consciousness, perhaps an electrical impulse, perhaps a soul, perhaps an essence of life; regardless of what it is called, it is powerful. Our priestess then, Izmir, wielded their power, turning our dead and the Sanctum dead into weapons. She turned them into blooms of light that eclipsed the two moons of Phalos and stretched to the stars, where their ships came plummeting to the ground when they touched the branches. Our weapons were primitive but adequate."
<She sounds like she was quite the priestess.>
"Izmir was. She was your grandmother. But if there was a flaw to her, it was that she did not trust. She never entrusted her daughter Lydia with the skills of the priestess, because Izmir never imagined we would lose. Without her, Phalos fell. We were forced to retreat into the caves and forests beyond. She was great, but she was only one. Since the empire had no use for a woman with a mind harder than stone, they killed her in a bombardment that slipped between her defense of leaves. But Izmir's daughter, Lydia, was only a child, and that was someone they could mold to their will, or so they thought. The emperor had never seen such power like the priestess's and wanted it for himself. So he kept Izmir's only daughter locked away on the Edict. It has taken this long to find those who were sympathetic to us, to give Lydia the coordinates, to tell her which escape pod she needed."
They reached the settlement. It was deep within the forest, away from the prying eyes and satellites of the empire. Ashra slid off of the spider's back and landed in a clearing. A fire had been built, its glow getting brighter as twilight faded to night. Zava's eyes could see clearly in the darkness, and she noticed the other climbers had similar, luminescent eyes.
Curious onlookers hidden in the trees looked at their guest. Ashra was the only one of them that was fully clothed, and she sat with a dignity that the others didn't understand. But after a while, she relaxed. The creases that lined her forehead smoothed out when she heard the singing and laughter in the forest. The climbers and runners danced around the fire, and the smell of roasting food made her mouth water.
Their plates were broad, waxy leaves and their utensils were their fingers or claws. Ashra had never eaten with her hands before, but she kept silent, watched, learned, and mimicked. The food was plain and delicious, rough in the way the ground was. There was no special preparation or techniques used to cure the meats or to turn the berries into a sauce. The food was simple and the company was superb. Ashra wondered if this was what her mother ate before she was exposed to the trappings of the empire. Aboard the Edict, where everything was elegant. Where the food may have been hot but the meal was cold.
<What do you call this?> she asked Orana, waving around a spiced strip of meat.
"Kallum. Large but fast, with tender meat. Yiz, a runner over there, found a large one that should keep us fed for awhile."
<What's a runner?> Ashra asked. She wanted to know about the world she was on. She felt at home. The hint of an idea appeared, nothing more than an image of her staying here for a long time.
"A better question is, what are we all?" Orana responded. "We were once fully human, all of us. We walked on two feet and ate with hands, not claws." Her red eyes looked away as she recalled the past. "Once the empire had Lydia, they experimented here. They were fascinated by the priestess line, and they marveled at the genetic diversity between us and the rest of the planet. The empire has always been fond of biologics." She picked up a blade of grass. "After Lydia was taken away," she continued, "they released mutagen gasses into the places where we hid. The children were affected first," she said, pointing to Zava and the other climbers. "We kept them deep in the caves where the cimmerians, the lizards that bask in the dark, also hid. As a result, their fingers changed to claws and their feet became scaled and their eyes found their power to see in the night."
She pointed to the runners. "They are the warriors who tended the ground birds, the katras, we kept for battle. Nowadays, they have less to fight, so they took to exploring and mapping the land. They are swift and act as scouts, keeping us aware of the few Sanctum that remain here. As for myself?" she paused. "I did not like spiders when I was younger, but I have come to appreciate my other half."
<What the empire has done is inexcusable.>
"We weren't people in their eyes. We were the unwanted results of their experiments. Their greatest triumph on Phalos was the arboreals, trees combined with the haga, great beasts that even we could not tame. Though in the end it seemed only their teeth remained inside the trees."
Despite her words, she looked proudly at the assembled group. "We have come to accept who we've become," she said. The others murmured their agreement. "And we are left alone. The Sanctum are still afraid of treading outside of their outpost, lest they get turned into something else." She and the others laughed. "You needn't worry child, the mist they used has long since disappeared and nothing has changed since we became who we are."
The night drew on. As the flames died, each person went their own way to find a place to sleep. But Ashra, her mind too busy with what she learned and the questions she still had, found herself gravitating towards Orana, who had walked off into the night. The maiden had given Ashra permission to use her eyes. Ashra walked beside her up a steep trail, seeing the world as she saw it.
They had come to the edge of a cliff that overlooked the forest they came from. The earth was cool and the night was warm. Both moons of Phalos hung brightly in the sky, casting their soft light, making the tops of the trees seem like a sea unto itself. Orana extended a hand. "May I?" she asked.
Ashra found the pendant and handed it to her. Orana held it up to the moonlight. "I had hoped," she said, "hoped for many years. But never did I think I would see the three moons of Phalos together again." The pendant seemed to capture the moonlight, the facets of the jewel absorbing it and taking its color for its own. She gave it back to Ashra.
"The Moon of Phalos, the one you hold, is the symbol of who we used to be. Only those who earned the approval of the slumberer could wear it."
<The slumberer?>
"She sleeps, but when the next priestess is named, she will awaken."
<I don't remember my mother ever wearing this,> she said.
"Your mother was never a priestess. She never took the journey to meet the slumberer. She was too young, and Izmir never let her. Now, you are the only one who can."
<How do I go on this journey?>
"The journey was never talked about. It was a process only Izmir knew, and perhaps Lydia, if she told her. If you don't know, it's a mystery and is lost to us now."
Ashra listened and wished her mother was there to explain to her what this all meant. But she put those thoughts aside and continued gazing through Orana's eyes at the sea of moonlight. The maiden was staring at a tower in the distance, one that rose above the forest, and so Ashra had no choice but to look at it as well.
<What is that?> she asked.
"The tower is part of the Sanctum outpost here. After they took your mother and the arboreals, there was no more need for military here. Without Izmir, we certainly didn't pose a threat to the empire. So the Sanctum departed, taking their ships and their plasma with them, and left a Marquis in charge with a group of men. That tower is the empire's remaining presence on Phalos."
To Ashra it seemed like a scar upon the landscape, a monolith out of place and out of time. Its spire blocked a part of one of the moons, and Ashra could only think of how beautiful it would be if it were gone.
<What have you tried?> she asked.
"Many things. But after Izmir passed and Lydia was taken?not many of us survived. What you see is the handful of children that made it. There were opposite results, where animals were merged with parts of human bodies. They were tormented beings, and it was unconscionable to force them to live in a body they couldn't control."
<The empire has done horrible things,> she said, and she thought of the reason behind her own birth.
"They have. We are weak, but if you are willing to fight them, we will rally behind you, as we did Izmir." She paused for a moment, hesitant to continue. "However, everyone only sees your mother in you. It seems I am the only one who remembers it takes two to make a child."
This was the conversation Ashra feared. She chose her words carefully. <I have never seen my father, and we have never spoken.>
"Yet you share his blood. They were only rumors Ashra, but he has done the same to other worlds. He would never merge with Lydia, or any woman, yet he still needed one who had her latent abilities. Someone he could control. You are a princess, and you are important to him. He will come looking for you, if he hasn't already."
<Who I am is not important to him. We have never spoken, and he has never shown me any affection. My time aboard the Edict was spent with my tutors and my mother. And even then, the time spent with my mother was limited. I know now she could not speak of things she wanted to speak of.>
"You do honor to your mother, but this," she said, encompassing the wide plain in the span of her palm, "is also your father's work. Can you turn against him so easily?"
<I was never his to begin with. I was born only as a tool, an instrument for the royal family to use. Even as a child I understood this, when I was isolated, when I was shunned, when love was denied to me by a man I wanted to love. But a tool can be used by anyone, even itself.>
"If you are decided, then we can find a way for you to control your power. The hair normally becomes white only when you have made the journey," she said, running her fingers through Ashra's hair, "but perhaps the slumberer granted you her approval even before your birth." The maiden's voice became stronger. "We shall reclaim Phalos, and you shall be the one who did it. We will sing of your deeds around the evening fires, if there are any of us left to sing."
They were quiet as they gazed out over the forests and hills. One of the moons was setting and the other followed. The maiden bowed once, as deep as her waist would allow. She turned and headed back to the settlement. Though Ashra no longer had sight, she felt the moonlight on her skin and wondered if her mother had seen the same moon, if she had ever stood on the same cliff Ashra was standing on now.
That night, she dreamt of a seed waiting to bud. A voice said, "You have returned," but she would not remember by morning.

Chapter 30

The Marquis d'Avester slapped his neck. His fingers came back covered in his own blood, along with bits and pieces of whatever insect it was that had been drinking it. Three more flew in to replace the one he smashed.
"Killian!" His voice echoed down the hall past the banquet table at which he sat alone. In response, he heard strong and even footsteps as Killian appeared. The soldier-turned-assistant entered the dining room and stood with his back straight and his arms at his sides. A scar ran down from his left eyebrow to his lip, cutting across what once might've been an attractive face. His body was lean and toned, in stark contrast to the marquis that sat in front of him. "Marquis," he said.
"I told you that I didn't want to be disturbed."
"Marquis, I-" Killian started, but the marquis silenced him with a raised hand.
"I am disturbed! I am disturbed every moment here. I am supposed to be enjoying breakfast by myself, but these?" he sought the right word but never learned the names of the insects of Phalos, "things?they've sucked more blood out of me than my last three wives combined! Why is that?"
"Marquis," Killian said patiently, "there seems to be a gap in one of the screens. It is being repaired. However, the-"
"No excuses! If I can't enjoy my morning, then no one will!" 
In name, he was the Marquis d'Avester, administrator of Phalos. But what was Phalos? With the exception of the outpost he and the other soldiers lived in, everything else was nature. Nature, that found its way through the concrete wall that surrounded the outpost; that found its way through the windows and onto his skin and into his blood. He was the marquis of useless land, of irradiated zones that everyone, including himself, was afraid to enter.
"No shields," the marquis said. "We've been reduced to common screens-"
"Marquis!" Killian said, unable to mask his contempt. "Seth, First Prince and Voice of the Empire, requests your time."
"The prince?"
"Yes, Marquis." Killian left a small device, no larger than a token, on the table.
The marquis made some buzzing noises and waved Killian away with a shaking of his wrist. Killian left, muttering something under his breath, but the marquis didn't have time to care.
He smoothed his hair and took a deep breath, but before he was ready, Seth's disembodied head appeared, projected from the device.
The marquis jumped out of his seat and fell over backwards. "My Lord," he said, his voice faint as it came from the floor. He scrambled to find his chair, but the cold stare in the prince's eyes made him stop and remain prostrate on the ground. Behind Seth's head were brief glimpses of dark walls lined with books, and the marquis guessed he was on Sanctuary.
"Is this a bad time?" Seth asked, the sarcasm dripping like venom. The prince had heard everything.
"No, no, My Lord. My time and the whole of my being belong to the empire."
"And your dedication?"
"My dedication is unwavering, and I seek only to fulfill your wishes upon Phalos."
"Then why is it you ignored a mandate I distributed across the empire?"
"Mandate, My Lord?"
"Certainly you saw it, if you are as vigilant as you say you are."
Suddenly the marquis wished he hadn't dismissed Killian. "I?I have not seen the mandate, Sire. Perhaps the transmission was lost in dark-"
"No more excuses. When did it arrive?"
The marquis's palms were sweating. He wished he knew the right response, but he drew a blank. He weighed lying to the First Prince against exposing his incompetence, and knew there was not a correct answer. So he remained silent.
"An object entered Phalos's atmosphere at 1137 universal time yesterday morning," Seth explained. "Despite your negligence, the system logged the entry and it was reported to me. Take your men, find where it crashed and record everything you see. If there are any survivors, arrest them and bring them to the outpost."
"My Prince, what should we be looking for?"
"An escape pod registered to the Edict."
"And what kind of survivors are we expect-"
"Just a young girl," The prince said, cutting him off. "The rest is none of your concern."
"But My Lord, we don't have the resources we used to on Phalos. The men are afraid of the irradiated-"
"Hold your tongue before I cut it out and make you eat it. If you wish to remain marquis, do as I have commanded. Your sensors have been calibrated to be sensitive to the waves we are looking for. Report every hour with your progress." 
Seth thought for a moment. "If you do well, you may become marquis of another world, one with fewer pests," he added as an afterthought. After one final glare, Seth's enlarged face disappeared.
The Marquis d'Avester waited another twenty seconds, a lifetime it felt, for the First Prince to become occupied by something else. He then called for Killian, the leader of the Sanctum troops on Phalos.

Chapter 31

"I was not a priestess so I cannot tell you what you are supposed to do," Orana said, standing next to Ashra. "But, I can share with you what I know."
Light from the setting sun filtered through the leaves. They were alone in a glade outside of the settlement. But on Phalos, where the trees have eyes and the wind carries conversation far, they were never truly alone. Zava looked out from the tallest branches, while the runners patrolled the edges of the forest. When they had heard that Ashra, daughter of Lydia, would join them in overtaking the Sanctum on Phalos, they found the budding seed of hope in their hearts. They vowed to keep her safe as she tread the path her mother didn't have a chance to walk.
<I have felt the tree,> Ashra said. <The first time was when my mother died, and I don't remember how it came about. The second time was on the Aurelius, when those men came after me. But I don't know how I did it. It seemed like someone else, someone separate from me, brought those blooms to life.>
"We call the light trees you mention the drasil," Orana said. The first priestesses brought their drasils forth when they were threatened. Phalos is a dangerous place, Ashra, and the animals hunt at all hours of the day and night. But sometimes worse than the animals were the men, and it was only after the first priestess awakened and destroyed her attackers that Phalos became a matriarchy." She chuckled at the tale. "The priestesses harnessed their own fear and used it. Your grandmother, Izmir, was the greatest we had ever known. She could command a divine wind to blow the leaves of her tree far into the sky where the Sanctum ships hid. Moments later, those ships would come crashing down as the leaves tore through their metal with nothing but light."
Ashra walked to the center of the glade. <I will make her proud,> she said.
"The drasil is rooted in death, which is rooted in life. It takes the essence of the being, its complete existence at the moment of death, and harnesses it, changes it to another form. The tree of every priestess is different, but they say it is the one that accompanies them in their mind; the one that is always with them."
Ashra removed herself from Orana's eyes and returned to the Empyrean. She saw the tree, her drasil, and willed its existence to leave her world, to be more than something only she could see. She tried to see it out upon the grass, tried to imagine its branches waving in the breeze. She checked with Orana's eyes, but there was nothing in the glade. The drasil remained fixed in her mind.
"For us, death is only the beginning," Orana said. "I was told that Izmir used a moment to create her drasil. The moment when life ceases to be, the moment when all of who one was, is."
Ashra remembered the two times she had brought her drasil forth. The first was with the death of her mother. She did not remember it well, but the second time, with the man she had slashed with the knife; that time she remembered. It had been a reflex, but as his life was drained by Aki's poison, she took what remained of his star and shaped it into a tree, the most familiar object to her and her only constant companion.
<But Maiden Orana, surely you don't mean I sacrifice a human to do it. The price is too high.>
"When the empire came with their fire from the sky, Izmir took our dead and raised them to great heights. With each one of us that fell they lost three. But she used death in all its forms. From the crushed trees to the cimmerians in their caves, each life became a part of the trees she created. Find death in all its places, even amongst the insect husks and yellowed grass, and you should have enough to start," Orana said.
Ashra looked in the sky of the Empyrean, at the darkness between the nebulas, at the stardust she had not bothered to consider. She held her hand like a net and wove her fingers through the dust, picking up the particles and gathering them until they formed a clump in her hand. She let the clump go, watched it sink under the island, under the water, but even then she felt its presence, as if it were another limb.
She danced. She moved her body to the simple rhythm of the songs she heard in the evening. She danced the way she saw Zava dance around the fire. As she drew her arms up she felt the clump sprout. She couldn't see it in the Empyrean, but as she pounded her feet to a rhythm in her mind, she felt it grow. It was no different than the way she could feel her arm lengthen when she stretched. She knew it took root in the real world, where the maiden was.
Where the maiden was.
She stopped dancing and sought out Orana, afraid of what she had done. She found her outside the glade, under the shadow of leaves. With the maiden's eyes, she saw herself in the center of the glade and the tree of light that she had only heard of and felt, until now. The branches sprouted above her head, but didn't reach much higher than that. 
<Maiden Orana, I am glad you had the sense to leave. But, if you would come closer?there's something here I'd like to see.>
Orana bowed and moved closer. Ashra looked at the drasil through borrowed eyes. Under the light, deep veins of black pulsed through the trunk and into its leaves. She felt each pulse inside her own body and noticed it matched the beating of her heart.
They were not the only ones to see it. Insects, drawn to the strange light, flew to it. One by one, they disappeared into its trunks and leaves, their bodies reduced to nothing. Ashra felt the essence of the tree grow. She danced and shaped it further. A stray bird dove for the insects and was absorbed as well. The influx of energy allowed her to lengthen the top so that it peeked out above the other trees.
Maintaining the drasil took all of her focus. Sweat broke out on her forehead. A wave of exhaustion overcame her and her eyelids felt heavy, as if she had been awake for days. Even in the Empyrean the stars seemed dimmer. When they were about to fade, she let the tree go. She collapsed onto the grass, breathing heavily.
The darkness within the veins of the tree stopped, freezing mid-pulse, fading to white. Then, the light itself fell apart, first into rays, then into motes, then into nothing. The tree disappeared.
Two spider legs lifted Ashra up, followed by two human arms. "You will make a fine priestess," Orana said. "Even Izmir would've been hard-pressed to create such a large drasil from so little material."
<What shall we do now?> Ashra asked drowsily.
"You shall rest. No more can be done today," she said, looking at the setting sun. "I shall keep guard for the evening and we shall continue tomorrow. Perhaps with more practice you may even attract the attention of the slumberer." She smiled at Ashra, left her in the care of some runners, and disappeared into the forest around the glade. She wove a different type of strand from the spinnerets on her abdomen. These strands were strong and almost invisible. She wrapped them around her fingers and legs and crawled between the trees, leaving a trail of silk behind her. She crossed and recrossed them with threads she wrapped around different branches surrounding the glade. It was a complex web, but one she, or the spider attached to her, knew how to make. They would be covered with blood by night's end.

Chapter 32

Far to the east, the Marquis d'Avester was alerted to the spike in delta waves. He and the personnel posted to Phalos stood in the basement of the tower. The tower served as the antenna for the planet, receiving and processing all data.
Seth's mandate recalibrated the radar arrays scattered on and above Phalos. They pinpointed the location of the burst, about forty miles to the west.
"Visual confirmation?" the marquis asked.
"Spotted," responded Killian. "There are reports of unexplained light that peaked above the emergent layer of the forest in sector K-5."
"Very well. Take a squad and cover the area. Find out what landed there, what survived, and what the source of those waves was."
"Understood, Marquis." Killian was glad to be out of the outpost and back on the field again, but he knew that the others would not be so willing to go. Though no mutations had been reported after the initial bombardment, rumors and stories meant for the dead of night persisted, about men who lost half their body and woke up with six limbs instead of four, their teeth replaced by mandibles.
"Would the marquis be willing to entice the other soldiers to journey for the glory of the Sanctum?" Killian asked.
"The glory of the Sanctum should be enough," the marquis said. "But in light of the First Prince's commands, I will offer an addition ten thousand credits for each one that returns with whatever was in the escape pod." Any price was worth paying to get off this rock, the marquis thought.
"Yes sir." Killian bowed and left, eager to don his armor and weapons again. Ten thousand credits! Half a year's salary for one excursion. Now he would have an easier time finding the right men.
What he didn't know was, when the moons rose again, none would be able to claim it.

***

It felt good to be in uniform again. Killian had taken off the decorative clothes that the marquis preferred to see and donned the armor of the Sanctum. The navy blue would blend into the sunset as they started their trek out. He was covered head to toe with a skin-tight suit, useful for keeping away the bugs that would otherwise eat him alive before he made his way past the wall of the outpost. It did nothing against any irradiation that remained, but he told the men the suit protected them from whatever was in the air and he hoped they were dumb enough to believe him. On top of the suit were pieces of interlacing fitted armor and a battery pack, encasing him in a powered exoskeleton. He flexed his elbows and knees, feeling the hydraulics and electricity that bound the exoskeleton together respond to his movements. 
A helmet completed the armor set. A wire snaked out from the bottom and sought out the input for his neural interface at the base of his skull. He winced as it found it and plugged itself in. His heads up display flashed and activated. Numbers and graphs scrolled off to the side of his vision, showing his coordinates along with the heart rates and blood chemical levels of his squad mates. The concentration of delta waves appeared as a blue marker to the west. 
He checked the plasma on the pistol and noticed it hadn't been used in years. Hopefully it could still fire. He holstered it above his thigh into a compartment built into the armor. If their mission was to secure one person, they wouldn't need that much firepower, but if the prince was interested, then this was no ordinary person. Thinking it better to be safe, he also grabbed the plasma atomizer, a bulky weapon that looked like a portable cannon. It felt heavy on his back, but the suit compensated for the extra weight.
Within half an hour, Killian had assembled the men he needed. Even with the incentive, only six others were willing to go. But these six would be enough. Though it was hard to tell under the helmets, their faces had been mangled by years of mercenary work; there were more scars than skin. Their features were set in scowls, and a little mutation wouldn't change their appearance much. They had grown up on different worlds, but they each knew two things. The first was hardship from the beginning of their lives. The second was the importance of money, both earning it and spending it.
The seven of them strode out into the twilight, the dark blue of their armor taking on a red tint from the setting sun. Levdisks, round, gray, and flat, waited on the ground, each one as wide as a man's shoulders. Killian stepped on top of one, followed by the mercenaries behind him. Once his neural signature was verified, his feet were locked to the surface of the disk. Blue light rings along the disk's edge came to life, revolving slowly at first and then picking up speed. When they spun so quickly that the sides seemed to be white, the dust around the levdisks vibrated off and they lifted off the ground with their riders atop them.
They hovered a few inches above the dirt; the air underneath each disk was distorted by the propulsion waves. Killian did some calibration checks by moving his legs back and forth, then leaning his body to the left and right. "How're the levdisks feeling?" he asked his team. When he received six ready signals, he leaned forward on his levdisk and sped off through the gate and into the forest beyond.
It was getting dark, but the lights on their helmets and the glow given off by their disks illuminated the way. They skimmed across the tops of the tall grasses, flattening them as they made their way deeper through the trees.
Despite what others feared, Killian liked the air of Phalos. It was rich and earthy and full of life. He loved the way it smelled after the rain, loved the way he could see for miles from the tower with nothing to obstruct his view. In his childhood, he was surrounded by tall buildings and large cities; an environment, a station, built by man. He had volunteered for the position on Phalos after the empire's conquest of the territory; he just didn't know it would be as an assistant, or servant so he liked to think, to the marquis. The marquis didn't deserve his station, and if there were a chance to stage an accident, Killian knew he would be the first to make sure it happened. This may be a good opportunity, he thought. A child that the First Prince wanted would be no ordinary child.
The others were silent, so his thoughts kept him company as they traversed the land. The trees started to thin out until they disappeared and gave way to a field. The wreckage of the escape pod was visible even in the darkness. It was a blemish upon the landscape, round and metallic against the flat plain. It left dirt and burnt grass in the wake of its crash. Killian unbound his feet, jumped off the levdisk and landed in front of the pod. He peered inside. Upon seeing nothing, he put his hand on the red cushions and felt around to see if there was anything else. His fingers touched a smear of dried blood on the floor. It was old and cracked and he didn't know what to make of it. Hopefully it didn't belong to the passenger. Killian knew the prince would prefer his quarry alive.
"Whatever was in here is gone," he said. The others got off their levdisks. Afraid the propulsion would disturb any fragile tracks, they searched on foot. It didn't take long to find a trail leading further to the west. The footprints belonged to a small human. The distance between each step was short, as if the person who made them was hesitant, as if they didn't know the right direction to go. This was good. A child lost on Phalos should be easy to persuade, easy to capture. Perhaps he had packed too much firepower, Killian thought. He was afraid he might scare the child away.
The trail went deeper into the woods. They got back on their levdisks and followed it, making sure to stay to the sides of the path so they could follow the tracks. As they went closer to the source of the delta waves, one of the mercenaries noticed a change in the prints. There were many more here, some like those of birds, and another set that seemed like large spikes driven into the ground. Before he could tell the others, he saw the light from his helmet reflect thin filaments strung between the trees. And before he could react, he went through them.
His levdisk split into two pieces. The man was split into many more, as the razor thin and sharp strands cut cleanly through his skin, muscle and bone. The pieces of the levdisk spun away in separate directions, as did his body. In a jumble of chunks, it fell with wet thuds into the grass.
Killian only had a second to look back and see his squad mate fall to pieces before he saw a similar web blocking his path between two trees. He shifted the plasma atomizer from his back to his hands and squeezed the trigger. A jet of blue flame, crackling at the tips like a lightning storm, expanded in a cone in front of him. The plasma engulfed the threads, burning them to ashes. He brushed away the trailing filaments from his visor. They left small cuts on his armor, exposing the unpainted metal beneath.
On his display, another set of vitals dropped to nothing; there was a spike of adrenaline and then the mercenary's heart rate flatlined. What was happening? There were never any reports of survivors on Phalos. There had only been a few scattered tribes across its vast land, and they were supposedly eliminated by the mutagens. Killian was sure the marquis was ordered to exterminate any survivors after the empire acquired the arboreals. So who was doing this?
He spun his head around and the lights on his helmet illuminated a shape. The top half was human, and he glared at him with human eyes. But beneath his waist were two long scaled legs that looked like they belonged to a large bird. They pumped up and down like pistons and kept pace with Killian's levdisk. The runner leapt up. He was about to kick Killian in the chest, but the soldier had already pulled out his pistol and fired. A burst of plasma collided with the runner in midair in a bright splash of blue. The runner fell limp to the ground. Killian's nose was filled with the smell of burnt hair and charred flesh.
Killian adjusted the propulsion on his levdisk and shot up a few feet into the air. He tried to get an idea of what was happening through the foliage and darkness that blocked his view. White eyes peered at him through the leaves, tracking him as he dodged and weaved between the trees. 
Runners ran alongside the mercenaries, matching their speed. They jumped and kicked, keeping the Sanctum away from a small glade. But they were no match for the plasma that splashed on them. Many fell with holes burnt through their bodies. 
Killian looked past the trees to find out what was there, what it was they were guarding. What he saw stunned him. It was a beautiful woman, with hair so black it blended into the night. Her features were gentle but her lips were pulled back into a snarl. Her human half was nude, radiant in the moonlight, but below her navel was a spider with six red eyes. She covered much ground on her eight legs. A mercenary that had stepped foot into the glade found himself impaled on one of her fangs. He screamed as venom entered the wound, its acidic mix melting him from the inside out.
In her hands he saw the faint outlines of the threads, the same threads that sliced his squad mates into pieces. She wove them between her fingers. In the moonlight they seemed soft as they framed her face. But then she threw the strands to the far side of the glade and pulled them together with both her human and spider limbs. Killian only heard the sound of wet lumps falling, followed by another flat line on the side of his display.
She hadn't seen him yet. He floated away into the trees and then jumped from the levdisk. Its blue light disappeared as it floated idly next to him. He adjusted the density setting on the plasma atomizer and hefted the weapon in both hands. He diverted all the remaining plasma into the shot, and aimed at the six glowing eyes.
She stuck her fangs into another man. As he thrashed about, Killian pulled the trigger. The gun launched a lance of superdense plasma; a long blue ray surrounded by guidance rings that kept its flight stable.
It vaporized the first tree it came through. A wake of scorched earth trailed behind it as it entered the spider's head. A moment later it exited out its abdomen and disappeared into the trees.
The Maiden Orana was weaving more strands when she felt the instincts of the spider leave her. Her irises lost their red rings and faded to amber, the color they were before she was joined to the spider. She looked down. The spider's head was no longer there, just a cavity. 
She felt heavy. She tried, but could no longer command her legs to hold her up. The spider fell, leaving a deep imprint on the grass from its weight. The abdomen landed with a thud. Blood seeped into the white markings on the back. 
Orana had been looking forward to this day for years. It was with pleasant acceptance that she felt her heartbeat slow. She and the spider were joined in both life and death. The spider completely left, leaving only the human behind.
Ashra had been hiding a distance away, near the entrance to the cave where Orana once dwelled. She had been gathering the stars of the fallen soldiers and runners, preparing to make a drasil, but she hadn't been fast enough. She heard the spider fall to the ground.
<I fulfill your wish.> In the Empyrean, Ashra gazed upon Orana's fast fading star and split it into two halves. She put the human half, so much like her mother's, back into the sky, granting Orana a few more moments of life. She took the spider half, an ancient soul that had seen many seasons on Phalos, into her palm. This was the final one she needed. She added it to the white mass she had in her hand. Zava, crouched at the top of a tree, was told to keep his eyes on the Sanctum tower in the distance. Despite the fighting that happened around him, his bright eyes never wavered.
Ashra used Zava's sight and hurled the ball as far as she could towards the Sanctum outpost. It manifested itself as a bud of light that appeared at the top of the tower.

***

The marquis was in the basement of the tower complex. He listened through his neural implant as the technicians reported their findings. "Sir, a spike in delta waves again," one said. 
"Location?" he asked.
"One locus in the west, near Major Killian's position." The technician pored over more data. "Wait, a second locus has appeared?" the technician paused, making sense of the data. "The second locus is above the antenna, sir."
"This antenna?" he asked, as if there were any other.
"Yes sir." The technician's voice was calm but he clenched and unclenched his fists in nervous anticipation.
The marquis weighed some options in his head. He could leave the tower and leave the others to figure it out. His life was, after all, more valuable than everyone else's here. But if he were to be the only survivor of Phalos, Seth would certainly kill him, maybe even personally. That was a fate worse than whatever death awaited him here, even with those bloodsucking insects around. What were delta waves anyway?
"Everyone out!" he commanded. "Make sure to take the equipment you need to contact the throneworld. Gather near the wall of the outpost!" He shouted these last words behind him as he had already disappeared down the hallway and was pressing the button for the lift that would take him to the surface. The others passed him by with their portable light console cores and satellite relay equipment as they went up the stairs next to him. He looked at them, then at himself. He begrudgingly joined them.
Though it was far away, Ashra felt the seed. She coaxed it to grow, feeling the hard edges crack and soften under her touch. 
Above the tower, roots spread out from the tip, seeking their way closer to the ground. As if they drew nourishment from the air, the top of the seed broke in half. A single bud emerged. It grew from a stem into a stalk, and as Ashra danced, the stalk lengthened and expanded into a trunk. Branches made of light covered it like a head of hair, the black veins inside fueling its growth. A tree, with its roots, trunk and leaves, hung floating in the space above the tower, brighter than the two moons that rose behind it.
Ashra stopped dancing and the tree stopped spinning. She was tired but she would continue. She would honor the maiden's death and the deaths of everyone who had fought to protect her; she would honor her mother and do what fate did not allow Lydia to do. With the last of her strength, she brought the tree down. From its position high in the sky, the drasil descended gracefully. It touched the red beacon atop the tower. From that moment on, the beacon would never again mar the moons' light with its blinking. Sheets of steel wound tightly together with powered coils were reduced to individual atoms and then split further down into oblivion as the drasil engulfed them. The tree continued down without a sound. When the roots touched the earth, the ground itself was rendered into nothing.
Orana looked upon the tree of light, glad to see the drasil had returned to Phalos. It stood tall and proud. When it disappeared, as it would, as would everything, nothing would remain of the Sanctum. She was content. Ashra would be a fine priestess. With that thought, the maiden slumped forward and died.

***

Ashra expended all of her energy. She put every thought and fiber of her being into that tree. She knew the pulse of life underneath it; she felt every leaf and piece of bark. 
Ashra sunk the drasil into the ground and didn't let go. Her mind became one with the tree, and the stars in the Empyrean were eclipsed by light.
She fell backwards into the cave. Her mind went white, then sunk into the void.

Chapter 33

When Ashra awoke she could see. As a result, she thought she was dreaming. Everything looked real, but more than real. There were colors she had never seen before, colors her human mind couldn't process. 
The water she swam in was clear. Powerful muscles drove her forward. When she caught sight of her body, long and curling behind her, she understood that she was a kind of serpent that rode the waves.
She never had eyes like these before. She moved herself deeper into the stream until she could see the rocks on the bottom. They were just rocks, but her eyes saw their colors as no human ever could. The slate gray of the stones, mixed with jades and some hints of amber. She didn't know where she was and she didn't know what she was, but she had seen that particular mix of colors before. Of rocks on the riverbed. She thought back to Alan, to the one time he visited the Empyrean. When he brought corporeal form to the pale yellow perpetual. To when she looked at his eyes. They were the same color, the color of rocks on the riverbed.
She felt a whisper in her mind, like the scent of blossoms. Inside it was the voice of a woman, similar to her own and similar to her mother's. <You have returned,> the voice said. 
For the first time, Ashra knew what it was like to have someone speak directly to her thoughts. <I have never been here,> she responded. As she spoke, her consciousness left the serpent. She floated above it, up towards the surface, and then out of the water. But nothing had eyes up here, she thought. What was she seeing with?
<You have not been here, but this is where you belong,> the voice said. <Your mother never managed to come, for she was taken before she could make the journey. But you; I do not remember one as young as you.>
<Izmir?> Ashra said. <You are the slumberer?>
<My granddaughter is smart too.> Ashra heard the smile in her voice, though Izmir's voice was weak and brittle. Izmir continued, <I have waited for another to come. I feared she would not appear after Lydia was taken. But she did well; she had you. And with what help I could send, you have come back to us.>
<It this?is this place real?> Ashra asked.
<As real as you are, and as real as I used to be. We are hidden deep within Phalos, in a place where no human has been. But we, priestesses with minds that roam the earth and the stars; we can come here. Though, my mind isn't what it used to be. I have not left the grove since the death of my body.>
Ashra saw for the first time with eyes of her own. It might've been something floating in the air inside the grove, something that acted as rods and cones that could interact with the neurons of her mind. She didn't know. But she could see with eyes she herself controlled, and that was greater than the why.
She saw the Empyrean realized outside of her mind. But where it was always night inside the Empyrean, here it was day. There were no perpetuals in the sky, just the sun.
She looked down. It wasn't a river she had been swimming in. It was a wide moat that encircled a small island. The sand on the edges grew darker as the water lapped at it. In the center was a tree. It was not her tree, but it was similar. Bark covered patches of it, but some parts were worn away with age. The parts that showed were white and smooth. This tree was taller; its branches were spread thin and only a few leaves remained. Whatever fruit it bore had fallen away in seasons past.
<Why am I here?> Ashra asked.
<Only the priestess who gives herself entirely to her art can make the journey here,> Izmir said. Her voice sounded distant and frail, growing quieter with every word. 
<So I am the priestess,> Ashra said. A silent affirmation echoed through her head. <Izmir,> she continued, <I have a question that only you can answer. Were you complete? Or were you born like me, blind and mute, doomed forever to only listen to others?>
<I had sight and voice,> Izmir said. <Though by the time I made my first drasil I was already a woman.> She paused, as if recalling a hazy fact. <When the emperor took Lydia, I guessed at what he would do. He made it so that you would find the way faster, by removing what wasn't necessary. There has never been a priestess as young as you, nor one forced to grow up so quickly.>
Nor one as lonely, Ashra thought. Phalos was a world all but forgotten by both the Sanctum and the Einhart, conquered in the earlier parts of the war. But the priestesses here all had people who accompanied them. They had teachers who taught them not only the importance of knowledge but its proper application. What matter was it if the food was rough or the beds not as soft? She could've had love here, love from more than just her mother. And as she realized this, her hatred for her father grew.
Izmir interrupted her thoughts. <Child, forgive the empty wanderings of an old mind. I do not have much time left. I have saved the last of my energy to make a request from you. Now that I've awakened, I cannot speak for much longer.>
<A request?> Ashra asked.
<Phalos needs a new guardian to protect it. I have tried, but you saw what happened to Maiden Orana and the children when I sent help at the wrong time. Time moves strangely to me, and my soul is no longer capable of protecting this planet. But yours is.>
<Is that what's required? My soul?> Ashra asked.
<Just a part,> she said. Her voice was fainter with every word. <Just a piece of you, so you can feel the flow of the planet, the animals and the plants, and preserve the balance we have had with nature. So Phalos will never suffer the same fate again.>
Ashra wished she could consult with her mother or Alan. But she was alone with Izmir, so she looked to herself. Was this where she wanted to spend the rest of her life? Could she make a commitment to be responsible for the fate of a territory she had just arrived on? Though her mind was undecided, her heart knew the answer.
<Yes, Izmir. I will do it.>
Izmir's joy filled the grove. Ashra felt the greatest sense of elation from the tree, then an emptying, as if water were being poured from a jug. 
Izmir was no more. The tree, dried and fragile, cracked. It started as a seam from the base, splitting the trunk. The crack continued up, sounding like twigs snapping in winter. It seemed like the pressure of eons had built up inside the tree, and once the crack had reached the top of the trunk, all the sorrow and pain it knew released in one burst. The tree blew apart. In that moment, the vessel was empty, and it sought for anything to fill itself.
The vessel asked and Ashra offered. It was instinct, something she couldn't learn but already knew. She sought the vessel out, sensing that it was nothing more than a shallow bowl. Her fingers brushed its surface. 
She lurched and gasped, feeling like her heart itself was being removed. But it was only a part of it; a small, white gem that floated out of her chest. Still, that part of her encompassed the whole of her being. Her memories and experiences were there, along with the love and hate she knew.
A moment later, there was no more pain, only the fleeting memory of something she once had. 
The white gem settled in the center of the vessel. Light grew around it, protecting it and keeping it warm. That part of her became the new seed. She felt it go below the surface of the grove.
From the branches and twigs of fallen wood scattered about, a small bud sprouted on the center of the island. It blossomed deep inside the crater where Izmir's tree once stood. Its stalk was only the height of a finger and even smaller in width. Two leaves unfurled from the top of the stalk, exposing their green flesh to the sun. Roots dug their way through the soil. As they connected with the earth, Ashra knew Phalos for the first time.
Until now, she had only been a visitor, walking upon its surface. But as a part of her soul tapped into the heart of Phalos, she felt the creatures, from the smallest insect that dwelled in the ground to the great haga that roamed the plains. She could not control them, but she could speak to them, she could appeal to a part of their brain that always felt her. She could ask them to assist those who needed help, and it was their choice to act or not. But they always did, for they trusted the soul of the land, and knew, deep down, that it acted in their best interests.
A soul. Ashra realized she had a soul after all.
Ashra saw one last glimpse of the serpent that dwelled in the moat surrounding the tree. It still roamed the waters, parts of its tail and long body breaking the surface as it swam. It stopped and reared its head out of the water, shaking droplets from its brightly colored scales. It stared straight at her, and then bowed its head.
Ashra's sight dimmed, and her experience of having her own eyes was over.

Chapter 34

"Is she the one?" Brindle asked. After their fight with Orana, all that was left was Killian and another mercenary by the name of Brindle, so called because of the stripes of scars that ran down his face.
"I think so." Killian looked at the other bodies, half man and half beast, nudging them with his boot. He still avoided the corpse of the spider. He was afraid it would rise up again, though more of its innards were outside of it than inside. This girl near the cave was the only one that was completely human. She was unconscious on the rock floor, her white hair framing her like a shroud. Killian checked again and said, "This is the source of the delta waves, alright."
"Even if we get 'er back, is the marquis still alive? I want my reward," Brindle said.
"It doesn't matter if the marquis is alive or not. Seth wants this girl, and the prince's pockets are deeper than the marquis's." Killian leaned over her and put his fingers to her neck, relieved to find a strong pulse. A glimmer of silver caught his eye and he moved his fingers down. Underneath the collar of her white dress and lying on her skin was a pendant in the shape of a crescent moon, fastened by a thin white chain around her neck. A large blue jewel dangled from its center. The pendant glowed in the moonlight.
The silver also caught Brindle's eye, whose hands were faster. He reached down and clutched the pendant. A second later he yelped as it burned through his glove, leaving an imprint seared on his palm. Out of habit, he raised his hand, ready to slap the unconscious girl. Killian caught his forearm before his hand came down. "The prince will pay more if she's undamaged," he said. He threw Brindle's arm to the side.
Killian searched her for any other weapons; he didn't want her waking up and slitting his throat. He had climbed too high up the ladder of rank to lose it all now, now when he could finally prove himself to the First Prince directly. He patted her down and felt something under the intricate cloth belt she wore. He carefully reached down into its folds. His hands brushed against something hard and he pulled out a knife. He threw it to the side. It clanged as it disappeared into the darkness. His hand found one more object: a small opaque sphere no larger than a marble. It looked to be a transponder or receiver of some sort. He dropped it on the ground and crushed it under the heel of his boot. No one would know where they were. No one else would get the glory of returning the child sought by the Voice of the Empire himself. 
Killian tossed her over his shoulder. She weighed almost nothing. Her white hair swung in unison with his steps as he walked towards the levdisk, still on the ground. As he put a foot on its surface it whirred to life, its blue light glowing in the darkness. Brindle followed behind and they took off towards the smoking ruins where the antenna once stood.
 Zava watched through the leaves as they grew smaller and then disappeared beyond the trees. His bright eyes shifted to the marble Killian destroyed, now no more than black dust and various metal parts. A small red light on one of its components grew dim and vanished.

Chapter 35

Alan and his team had made it to the small spaceport inside the facility on Abyssinia. Rows of shuttles were standing by on the launch ramps, waiting for people who would never come. They picked one and boarded.
He sat in the pilot seat with Argus as his navigator. He familiarized himself with the controls and pressed a series of buttons. It seemed like the shuttle was built before light consoles were made standard.
Aki was lain out on one of the beds, the scant medical supplies of the ship scattered around her. Her breathing was shallow but her pulse was stabilized, and she kept a strong grip on her sniper rifle, finding comfort in the hard barrel.
Alan made preparations to leave. The lights on the side of the launch ramp turned from red to green. Four slats opened at the head of the ramp. Loose rubble pinged off the magnetic rail and rain poured in from above. Fren followed, their claws gripping the sides of the hatch as they climbed into the spaceport, their tails leaving wet trails behind them.
Alan craned his neck back to look to at Aki. "Hold on back there!" He slid his finger across the throttle and the shuttle rumbled to life. It was sluggish from lack of use, or perhaps Alan had just gotten used to the response and speed of the Umbra. But the shuttle moved and that was all he needed. With his left hand, he adjusted the magnetic propulsion of the ramp. He only needed a little boost to get out; he wasn't leaving Abyssinia just yet. Electricity surged through the launch ramp and the shuttle shot forward.
A fren jumped out of the shuttle's way as it went up the ramp and out the hatch. As soon as they were out, Alan turned on his radio. "Sylvan, status."
"Still inside the ground floor entrance, sir."
"Get ready to leave." Alan swung the shuttle around, scowling as it oversteered into the somber skies. This vehicle didn't deserve to be called a ship. The visibility was low, but he could still make out the fren as they circled the entrance to the facility, lured by the blood inside.
He looked to his right. "Argus, what weapons does this bucket have?"
Since it lacked a light console, Argus was busy cycling through different options on a screen. His choices included different beverage selections that could be served in the passenger compartment along with cabin light settings which ranged from soft to business. Considering the craft lacked a darkspace engine, Argus wondered if it was just meant to ferry people from one side of the planet to the other. "Boss, if we can kill them with refreshments and soothing music, I think we can win this."
"You're kidding me," Alan responded.
"The closest thing we have to weapons are flavored drinks and hospitality."
Aki's voice was quiet through Alan's com. "Open the hatch."
"Aki, rest," Alan commanded. "You barely survived your encounter with Vijera. We'll get you patched up once we're in the Umbra." He waved for Argus to go back. "Secure yourselves, we're going to do things the old-fashioned way."
Alan got a better look at the area. The dropship Meridian was still in one piece despite the fren that crawled over it. "Sylvan, I'm going to do a wide sweep with the shuttle. Sprint to the dropship on three. Ready?" Alan asked.
"Yes sir."
"One." Alan sent the shuttle into a steep dive, striking a fine balance between speed and control, though the gusts of wind forced him to slow his descent. In the back, Argus braced himself with his legs against a row of plush chairs. He had one arm draped protectively over Aki. She groaned but kept her eyes trained on the window.
"Two." He pulled the shuttle out of its dive only a few feet above the ground, keeping the bottom of the ship level with the rocky ground. The heat of its engines turned the unlucky fren behind it to ash. The momentum he had coming down kept the ship sailing sideways while he faced the entrance to the facility. Small thumps sounded against the fuselage as the shuttle crashed through the beasts. He saw the door Sylvan and his team was waiting behind.
"Three." Alan cleared the door and it burst open. Three figures stumbled out. Sylvan was in the lead, followed by Samson and Deacom. The shuttle's momentum forced Alan to turn and he lost sight of them as he circled around the dropship. He was relieved when he saw Sylvan in the cockpit. The Meridian's thrusters came to life.
"We are onboard sir, awaiting further instructions."
"Glad you could join the party," Alan said. "We have what we came here to find. It's time to go home and see what we can do with it. Lead the way out. We'll follow beneath you."
"Understood, Second Medium." The dropship lifted into the sky, its lasers clearing away debris above it as it climbed into the upper atmosphere. Thankfully, the hole they made through the minefield earlier was still wide enough to fit through.
Alan had just relayed his location to the Umbra for pickup when he saw a small white light flash on his wrist. He hoped he would never see the activation of the emergency beacon he had given Ashra, but there it was, blinking softly. The computer had lost the constant signal that kept track of the beacon's location and reported the event to Alan.
Now that they had the data mine, Claudia would need him more than ever. He knew she would wonder where he was. He knew, after years of fighting, the section of the fleet he would command. In his mind, he was already arranging the ships across the battlefield of his imagination. But there was one thing that took precedence over his duty to the Einhart.
There was no hesitation when Alan made his decision. He opened the com to the back, where Argus still had Aki secured with one palm. "Ashra's beacon has been activated," he said. Argus looked at Aki, and they both nodded. "This is a personal matter," Alan continued, "and you two don't need to get involved. I'll-"
"We'll," Argus corrected. "We'll go. The Einhart can fare without us. But you, well, we're not so sure about you."
Alan smiled. He was glad they chose to stay. He had come to rely upon the two more than he liked to admit. Feelings had no place in war, but it was a comfort to know these two would be there. "Thank you," he said.
Alan took one last look at the storm-roiled surface as they left the atmosphere of Abyssinia. The shuttle struggled against the gravity, but broke through with a final thrust. The Umbra awaited them, an elliptical black silhouette that blocked out the stars behind it. 
It was quick work docking with one of the side ports. Alan walked through the extended vacuum link onto the Umbra, breathing in and relishing the familiar, recycled air of his ship. Argus came in with Aki in his arms and put her in the medbed. He looked over the analysis. There were broken ribs, internal bleeding and a collapsed lung, but these could be healed in darkspace.
Alan sat in his pilot seat, loving the way it hugged his legs. He hailed the Meridian. "Sylvan, how is your crew?" he asked.
"There're three of us left. We're banged up, but we'll live. Thank you for getting us out of there."
"As any teammate would do." Alan paused. "I have a favor to ask."
"Anything, Second Medium. Our lives are yours to command."
"Don't speak like a Sanctum," he said with a laugh. "With the Einhart, your lives are your own. My favor is simple. Dock with the Umbra."
"Yes sir." Sylvan positioned the dropship next to them. Alan allowed the connection with a side airlock, and after a hiss, he went out onto the thin tube to meet them. When Alan first joined the Einhart, he was concerned that only a wobbly cylinder of plastic separated him from the emptiness of space, but he had since gotten used to it. Sylvan still looked apprehensive. His eyes wandered throughout the tube, searching for cracks that weren't there.
"Thank you for doing this," Alan said.
Sylvan bowed. "Anything for the Second Medium."
Alan reached for Sylvan's hand, the skin rough with years of work, and pressed his data mine into it. "I need you to deliver this to Claudia directly." He felt Sylvan's fingers curl around the tube. "It contains the location of Sanctuary, of the throneworld." As he said this, he saw Sylvan's eyes widen. Sylvan stared at the spike as if Sanctuary's position could be gleaned by the myriad little dots on its surface.
"We haven't been able to find it because we haven't been looking in the right places. We always thought it was a planet with a fixed orbit, but all along, it's been in darkspace," Alan explained. "Think of all the scouts and ships we lost on false tips. Every time we entered normal space and there was only an ambush waiting. We can avenge them. We can make their deaths count," Alan said.
Sylvan was hesitant to accept such a responsibility. "This is something the Second Medium should deliver to the High Adjudicant himself."
"I would love to, but I entrust the duty to you. There is another matter that requires my attention. If I know Claudia, she'll be mobilizing the fleet as she as soon as she receives this. Tell her to assign you a warship; you've earned it."
Sylvan was surprised by the honor. "Thank you, Second Medium."
"Alan. Call me Alan. I am a shadow and hold no rank."
"You not only deserve but have earned my respect. You'll always be the Second Medium to me, and to call you anything less wouldn't be doing you the proper honor."
Alan patted him on the shoulder. "Remember, give it to her by hand. We can't risk anything being transmitted through darkspace, or normal space for that matter. The empire can't know we've found Sanctuary."
"Yes sir. It shall be done," Sylvan said.
"Tell Claudia I'll be there when she needs me."
"Understood, sir."
Alan left Sylvan and returned to the Umbra, stopping by Aki's side. She was unconscious as the medbed repaired her broken bones and bruised organs under a green sterilized shield. "Will she be all right?" he asked Argus.
Argus looked up from a scan of Aki's torso. "She took a beating, but it's nothing we can't fix."
Alan nodded. "Prepare for shift to darkspace."
The Umbra guarded the Meridian until the dropship gained enough speed and shifted. Alan put in a slight course correction. After a final boost, the engines attached themselves to the hull. They burned black as the Umbra made the shift into darkspace towards Phalos.

Chapter 36

The marquis wasn't able to see the full extent of the damage until the next day, when the sun revealed all that had transpired in the evening. The antenna, their main source of communication with the rest of the Sanctum, had been reduced to nothing. He hoped the report was an exaggeration, but it was literally nothing. There wasn't a scrap of metal or scaffold or support strut to be seen. It was as if it simply never existed. The only evidence that there had been a tower there was the concrete foundations that the light tree hadn't touched. Other than that, all that remained were holes and tunnels in the ground created by the drasil roots when Ashra brought the tree into the earth.
After scavenging for any materials they could use, which ended up being only dried foodstuffs that had partially rehydrated in the heat and humidity, the survivors headed towards the estate of the Marquis d'Avester. The mansion was situated on a hill and filled with sunlight, built in the Adonan style with curved roofs and wide windows. A manicured garden would have been a better yard than the forest that surrounded it, but despite their best efforts, the Sanctum could never keep the flora away.
The marquis was originally part of the minor nobility on Adona. In his quest for influence, he gladly sold what passed through his ears to the empire, facilitating their takeover. But once a traitor, always a traitor, he knew, and the Sanctum feared what would happen if he knew too much. So they sent him to a place where he had no influence, only time and the illusion of power. But the Marquis d'Avester would redeem himself with this child that Seth wanted.
Though it was hours later, the girl was still unconscious, and he hoped she remained that way. He had a way with politicians and others as slippery as him, but he did not know how to deal with children. They had eyes that could see past whatever faade he put up that day. After they had brought her back, he had that scarred mercenary, Brindle, keep watch over her. He didn't know what these delta waves were, nor did he know why Seth wanted this girl so much, but he knew from experience that fewer questions meant fewer troubles. Still, the prince expected a report from him, and without the antenna that would be difficult. When he didn't check in, would Seth choose to send a ship to rescue him?
The marquis turned to a technician. "How long till we can contact the throneworld?" he asked.
A technician glanced up and stared at the marquis with dead eyes, partly due to the exhaustion of working through the night and partly because his mind was dedicated elsewhere. Wires snaked out of the neural implant at the base of his skull as he interfaced with what remained of the communications mainframe. It seemed hopeless; so little was left of the equipment they needed. In his gloom, he thought that it might've been easier to create a new antenna from the trees that grew around them; there were certainly enough. But the marquis wasn't one for humor. "Sir, the attack destroyed our only means of direct communication with the Sanctum," he said. "What we can do is upload our message to one of the satellites and hope a darkspace probe passes through this area and picks it up. It can then broadcast our message to the nearest planet and hopefully they'll send help."
"No!" the marquis said. "No one else is to know what happened here. What if the Einhart got a hold of it? We'd all be killed!" He whacked the technician on the skull. "Think! Figure it out. I don't have time to waste. Find a way to reach the First Prince or I'm leaving you behind and you can call for all the help you want when I'm gone."
The technician was glad that half his mind was occupied searching for a way to boost the signal or he would've given the marquis an earful. Everyone knew that there was no way off Phalos anymore. The one offworld transport for the outpost had been parked near the antenna, and judging by the hole that now replaced it, he was sure that they would all be getting off at the same time or never. Still, an order was an order, and he took up the challenge of trying to broadcast a signal without anything to broadcast with. If only frustration could power machinery, he thought.
In the nearby forests, Killian stomped around between the trees. He had not been able to sleep after the events of the night, so he spent his time staking out a crude perimeter around the mansion. With a shove, he drove the last of the poles deep into the earth. A clicking came from its base and it synchronized with the four other posts. The pentagonal barrier would detect anything that broke its invisible walls, though it could only warn him about it. Killian would take care of the rest with his pistol. He made the short trek back to the mansion, saluting the marquis as he arrived. "Sir, perimeter has been established," he said, patting the ground with his foot. "If any of those things stick their heads within fifty yards of the mansion, they won't have a head left."
"Good," the marquis responded. "See what you can do about contacting-" The marquis was cut off by the loud boom of a ship entering Phalos's atmosphere. He looked up at the source of the sound. The ship was shaped like an ellipse, black and rounded with four engines tethered to its body with purple electricity. It was bright in the sky, getting larger as it came down through the clouds. The engines shifted position, rotating and moving along the fuselage until they faced the ground, slowing its descent. It was too small to be a warship, but the marquis didn't expect a large rescue craft. After all, he and the child would be the only people the prince would want.
He kept his eyes glued on the ship, never having seen one like it before. Was it a prototype? Was this ship to be his for a job well done? Or maybe this girl, whoever she was, was more than she seemed.
His musings were cut short when he felt something sharp slide into his back. He reached behind himself and felt the spot with his hand. He felt something warm. When he saw his fingers, they were slick with blood. The pain came a moment later, but his scream was muffled by the engines of the Umbra as it flew overhead. Any leftover noise was trapped by Killian's gloved hand.
"Shhhh," Killian whispered into the marquis's ear. He drove the blade in deeper. "It's too bad you died when we battled the natives here. I'll be sure to let the prince know how brave you were." He twisted the knife. "It's the least I could do to repay you for your kind treatment of me."
The last sound the Marquis d'Avester heard was the contented sigh of his assistant of years, and with it the hatred, malice and disdain Killian had for the marquis. For the first time, the marquis had an inkling of how others truly viewed him, but he couldn't ponder it further as the knife went once more across his neck, causing the blood to flow freely from his body and leaving his brain deprived.
Killian's eyes darted back and forth. Satisfied no one else saw, he lowered the marquis's body to the ground and then dragged it through the grass, beyond the perimeter he built. There, he rolled it unceremoniously into a ditch and threw the knife in the other direction where no one would go looking for it. He looked for the ship that had come, his ticket off of Phalos. The ship didn't land near where the antenna once stood, but further to the west, deep in the forest. That was strange, he thought. Any Sanctum ship should have known the location of the outpost, but considering there wasn't much of the outpost left, the mistake was understandable.
He went back to camp to tell the survivors the news. He was sure they would all be glad.

Chapter 37

Alan brought the Umbra down near a cave. While Aki was in the final stages of her convalescence, Alan left the ship and breathed the air of Phalos. Something about it reminded him of his own homeworld of Cybele, of that place where the forest met the field. He found the tracking beacon he had given Ashra near the cave entrance, smashed to bits. He looked for any trace of white hair, but the princess was nowhere to be seen. He cursed and pounded his fist against the ground. A rustling in the trees caught his attention. He drew his pistol and aimed between the leaves. A pair of bright eyes looked back at him. They flattened into slits as they studied him.
The eyes belonged to a creature he had never seen before. From what Alan could see, he looked human, a male child. With the exception of his eyes, the rest of his head and torso could've belonged to any boy. But at the ends of his limbs, instead of hands and feet, were claws, well-worn from climbing up and down trees. Green scales covered parts of his skin like a reptile. He hid most of his body behind the tree, afraid to come forward.
Alan saw the boy and felt only sadness. This wasn't the first time he saw the discarded experiments of the empire. He put his pistol back into its holster and held out his empty hands. "Come out," he said. "I won't hurt you."
The boy took two small steps forward, his claws still on the bark of a tree. "Are you?one of them?" he asked timidly.
"No," Alan said. "I'm not. My friends and I," he gestured to the Umbra, "we fight against them."
"Against them?" The boy took another step closer. 
Alan smiled and nodded. "I'm Alan." He extended a hand, and the boy came forward and took it in his claw.
"I'm Zava."
"A pleasure, Zava." Alan knelt down and looked at Zava's face. "I need to know, have you seen a girl? She's about as tall as you, with white hair." He brought his hand up in an estimation of her height.
"Do you mean the priestess?"
"Priestess? Is that what Ashra's become?"
Zava looked to the east. "The priestess has brought hope to Phalos, hope and the power to win back our land." He smiled. "But after she saved us she had no more energy, and they took her." The smile turned into a line of guilt. 
Alan followed his gaze to the east. "Is that where she is now? We passed over a large patch of dirt and a big house."
Zava nodded. "They took her there. When they left they said something about a reward from a prince." He turned to Alan. "Are you going to save her?"
"I am."
"We need her," Zava said. "Phalos needs her."
Alan took the boy by the shoulders and looked into his eyes. "She will be safe. I promise." He stood up and nodded to Argus inside the ship. The big man had been at his light console scanning for any other movement in the area. With a flick of his finger, the Umbra's engines came to life.
Alan ruffled Zava's hair. "Take care of Phalos, Zava. One day, the priestess will return. I will keep her safe until then."
Zava watched as Alan entered the ship. The Umbra took off. Zava wanted to say that regardless of where her body went the priestess had already become a part of Phalos, deep in its roots, something he always felt. But being a child, he kept silent and waved goodbye from the treetops.
Alan watched Zava's small figure become even smaller. The climber's skin blended in with the foliage, and soon after no more trace remained of him.
"What did he say?" Argus asked.
"Her powers manifested, and there's nothing left of the outpost here as a result. But the Sanctum have her, and I'm sure they're going to take her offworld as soon as they can," Alan responded.
"What's the plan?"
Alan thought. "There wasn't resistance when we arrived, which means either they're defenseless, or they don't know who we are, or both. I'm afraid they know my face by now, and Aki looks too much like Vijera. But you, I don't think they'd recognize you." Alan paused for a moment. "How good's your acting?" he asked.
"For various reasons, I've become proficient. The best actors are the ones who act not for profit, but because their lives depend on it."
"Then this is what we'll do..." Alan said.

Chapter 38

Killian had to shield his eyes from the wind of the black ship as it landed. Its four engines were perpendicular to the ground, each changing its thrust as it brought the ship down for a soft landing. Nothing was visible behind the cloud of dust it sent up. By the time the air cleared and the engines went silent, a ramp had already emerged and touched the ground. On it was the largest man he had ever seen.
The ramp seemed to buckle under the large man's weight as he walked down it. His armor, which would have immobilized a normal soldier, was covered in different colors of dried gore. His gait was firm and measured. Killian was sure that one swing of his massive fists would remove his head, and he made a mental note to not let him get too close. But this man was no brute. His eyes took in everything with a glance, from the small group of survivors huddled off to the side to the technician trying to reach Sanctuary. Killian sensed intelligence behind those green eyes, and his suspicions were confirmed by his voice and diction.
The man cast a shadow over him as he approached. "The princess," he said. It wasn't a question; it was a command. He held out his hand as if he waited for Killian to put her in his palm.
"Welcome to Phalos," Killian responded. He saw no insignia, no sign of rank. His neural implant didn't register any matching facial features with those in the Sanctum's employ. "Your rank??"
"Is none of your concern," the large man answered brusquely. "I am here for the princess. That is all."
Brindle came up. "Did the prince send ya?" he asked.
Without hesitation he responded, "Yes, I was sent by the First Prince. He interrupted my mission just to have me fetch this girl. So if you'll be quick about it, I can get back to what I was doing."
Brindle was unfazed, because of bravado or stupidity, Killian couldn't tell. "Well, mister," the mercenary said, "we'll be glad to hand 'er over. But Seth mentioned a reward, and you're not seeing a hair until I get paid."
Argus raised his eyebrow and looked the mercenary up and down. He spoke to Killian. "Payment? Service to the empire is not defined by credits, but by dedication to our cause and the royal family. You'd do well to teach that to the people you associate with."
Killian shot Brindle a look and pushed the mercenary behind him. "Sir, you speak the truth. But the prince and the late marquis offered us a reward for the capture of the girl, and we hope you can honor it."
"The marquis? What happened to him?"
Killian gestured at the swath of dirt around them. "He didn't survive the night. When we went to retrieve the child, we were attacked by the native inhabitants. They had a new weapon. All they had were rocks and twigs and I don't know how they built it, but it was light-based and killed the marquis in the process. It also took out our only antenna for offworld communications." His eyebrows furrowed. "Speaking of which, how did you know to come find us? We salvaged what we could, but we haven't been able to broadcast any message off Phalos." The technician who had been watching from the ground nodded, hoping he could find some way to send a transmission.
"The prince has his ways," Argus said. "And he will be angrier for every moment I am delayed. His mood will be dependent on what I report to him, so it would behoove you to cooperate."
"Yes sir, of course." With Brindle next to him, Killian started walking towards the forest, towards the spot where he had killed the marquis. "Did you come by yourself?" he asked.
"Yes," Argus said.
Killian looked at Brindle, and they both knew what they were going to do, regardless of this man's connections to the prince. He waved for the big man to follow.
Argus scoffed. "Who do you think you are to waste my time? I'll be surveying the damage and arranging alternate transport for you while you fetch her. Bring her to me." 
"We're not comin' with you?" Brindle asked.
"No," Argus responded tersely. "I have my orders."

***

Alan was sitting beneath his console and monitoring Argus's conversation when he put his hand on the back of his head, feeling like there was an itch he couldn't scratch. But as he rubbed his scalp, he realized the itch didn't come from the nerves of his skin. It was a gentle breeze that rustled through his mind. <Aaaa,> it said softly, like a sigh. <Aaa? Aaaa? Alan??>
Thought it was very quiet, when he closed his eyes and let his mind wander, Ashra's voice became clear. <Alan. Your star is so bright. Why are you here?> Ashra asked. Her presence was faint, nothing more than a whisper.
He was flooded with relief when he heard her. He thought of his response, hoping she could hear it. <Ashra, you called for me, didn't you? Where are you? Are you safe?>
<I am alright,> she said. <I feel as if I've just woken up from a long slumber.> She paused as if clearing her head. When she spoke again, her voice was stronger. <I am glad you are here. It warms me to feel your presence, but I did not call for you.>
<Regardless, it seems like I came at the right time. What happened here?>
<A battle. A battle to reclaim Phalos, my mother's homeworld. It has become my responsibility to take back what was once ours.>
<Responsibility?> How did Ashra mature so quickly? <We can discuss these things once you're onboard the Umbra. The empire knows you're here, and they've undoubtedly sent people to retrieve you. It was only with luck that we arrived first. Please Ashra, tell me where you are. Argus is out on the field and he can come get you.>
<I've become the priestess for this planet, her steward and guardian. I cannot leave.>
<If you don't, they'll find you and bring you back to the Sanctum. Everything your mother did would have been in vain.>
<She wanted me to be here,> Ashra countered.
<Yes, she did,> Alan said. <But I'm sure she wanted you to be happy, and more, I'm sure she wanted you to be safe.>
<How do you know what she wanted?> There was no malice in her words; only curiosity.
Alan sighed. <Because I was once a father, and a father only wants what's best for his child. I can keep you safe.> He looked up and stared off into the gap between the chairs. <In time I'll find a way, I'll find a place where you can grow up in peace. But that'll have to come later. Right now, you're in danger.> He studied some scans of the area. <This place is swarming with Sanctum. I don't see any offworld transmissions, but there are strong residual delta waves. Was that you?>
<Yes, it was me,> Ashra said. <The people here, my people, they have taught me what they know, and I finally feel like I belong.> She paused for a moment. <I didn't ask for this; I didn't want to be a weapon. But it seems like everywhere I go I only bring destruction. I've come to embrace that part of me. I will use it against my father, who has done horrible things to many people. I am still the Princess of the Void, but now I will show him the Priestess of Phalos.>
<You'll have your chance,> Alan said. <We've found Sanctuary, the throneworld. In the little time we have, Claudia is gathering what ships she can to do battle.>
<Weren't you summoned as well?>
<I was, but there's someone who's more important,> he said with a smile.
<A part of me will always remain on Phalos, and that cannot be changed,> Ashra said. <But if you have a chance to stop my father, the root of all the pain across these worlds, I will come.>
<Good,> Alan said. <Once you're aboard, we'll rendezvous with the others. Where are you?>
Ashra felt around. <Grass. Fallen leaves. Cold.> She cast her mind about. <There are two coming towards me,> she said. Her words were shaded with anger as she recognized them. <These two were at the battle. Be wary of them.>
<Remain as you are. Don't let them know you're awake.>
<I understand your reasoning, but I prefer not to hide.>
Alan was taken aback. <When did you gain such courage?> he asked.
<When I learned that courage is what's needed to make change. When I learned that I, and only I, am in charge of who I become.>
Alan wasn't used to being disobeyed, but he was proud of her. <Then stand strong,> he said. He opened a line to Argus. "Did two men leave, heading towards the forest?"
Argus had been surveying the damage done to the outpost, when he suddenly became interested in a nondescript chunk of concrete off to the side. He knelt and whispered, "Yes boss. They asked me to follow but I told them to bring her to me."
"Go with them. Ashra's awake. Lose the two and get her. Claudia is waiting and we need to leave now."
"Understood." Argus got up and jogged into the forest. His big strides covered the ground in little time, and the two were surprised when he came up behind them.
"Did you change your mind, sir?" Killian asked.
"My survey is finished and I want to see the condition of the subject. That will be part of my report," Argus replied.
They went further in. Under the shade of a copse of trees Argus could make out the small figure of Ashra, standing in her white dress. Something had changed since he had last seen her. When she walked towards them, her head was held high. Her footsteps, small and reserved in the past, had turned into proud strides. She marched up to Argus and took his hand. <Thank you for coming,> she said to him privately.
Her familiarity with the big man perplexed Killian, but they were deep in the woods and his muffled screams wouldn't be heard. After they disposed of the body, he thought, it wouldn't be hard to take his ship.
<Be careful of these two,> Ashra said to Argus. Argus said nothing. He held her hand and turned back towards the Umbra. Killian and Brindle followed close behind.
As they started walking back to the outpost, Killian said, "You know, what I don't get is why you landed over there first, in the west. Shouldn't your ship have the outpost coordinates here on Phalos? There isn't anything over there near the caves." He looked at Argus with suspicion. "Sir," he added, without meaning it. 
Not deigning to respond, Argus slowed and put Ashra in front of him. There was no more need for pretense. He waited for them to step closer.
Behind Argus, Killian nodded to Brindle, and they brought out their plasma pistols. 
At the sound of weapons being drawn, Argus spun around and planted a fist into Brindle's face. He felt the man's nose and skull crack underneath his armored hand. The force sent Brindle crashing into Killian, knocking the pistol out of his grip. As he fumbled for it, Argus and the child disappeared, leaving a trail of trampled leaves behind them.
Killian cursed and pushed Brindle's unconscious body off of him. His hands came back smeared with blood but he didn't spare a second thought for his downed companion. He took aim at the fleeing pair and fired.
Argus pulled Ashra into his arms to protect her. He wove between the trees, dodging plasma as he ran. The trees sizzled and toppled to the ground from the blasts, and he thanked whatever gods there were on this planet that the foliage was there to absorb the hits.
His com crackled to life. "Status," Alan said.
"Got her," he said, shielding them from a rain of splinters with his free arm. "Coming back now."
Killian fired off blue bolts one after the other. He was sure his aim was good, but the trees seemed to always get in the way of his shots, as if they bent in and created a shield behind the retreating pair. 
"Good job," Alan said. "Hurry up; sensors show we have company coming in from orbit."
"It doesn't end, does it?" Argus cleared the forest and sprinted across the barren remnants of the outpost. He looked at Ashra as he ran. "You doing alright?" he asked. She nodded and held on tighter. The Umbra was in sight; he would make it.
Killian stood at the edge of the forest and steadied his breathing. He saved all of the remaining charge for this one shot. The man was dashing across the dirt, leaving a trail that was easy to follow. "No trees to save you now," he said. 
He squeezed the trigger. A mass of blue plasma the size of his head sped towards the pair. He discarded the empty gun and watched.
In the Empyrean, Ashra was jumping from person to person, trying to see any threats as they neared the Umbra. When Killian's star was still, she looked through his eyes. She saw the plasma streaking towards them and reacted on instinct. She raised her hand. A bright light erupted where Argus was a moment before. The light turned into a large drasil leaf that unfurled from its stem in the ground. The plasma splashed onto it and disappeared.
Killian cursed. He was about to continue the chase but had to duck behind a tree as suppressing fire came from the black ship. Apparently the man had lied about being alone as well. 
Argus ran up the ramp past Aki. She was covering the area in a hail of bullets from a portable mini-turret she had assembled. As soon as they were inside, she disengaged the tripod and brought up the ramp. She tapped the inside of the hull twice. "Clear," she said.
Alan gunned the engines and the Umbra came to life, covering the area with a layer of dust. Argus settled into his light console next to Alan.
"Is she safe?" Alan asked.
"Safe, sound and strapped in," Argus said.
"Well done. Thank you my friend. We have one more thing to take care of before we leave," he said, and he focused the cameras onto the ship that was glowing red as it entered Phalos. 
"Erudite be damned, is that a Sabre-class?" Argus asked.
"Yep," Alan said. "They sent a Sabre to come get her." The Sabre was a long and slender ship, shaped like a pointed cylinder. What it lacked in firepower it made up for in speed. It came down like a flaming spear through the atmosphere, designed for quick insertions and extractions. The prince sent the fastest ship for the princess. The Umbra rose to meet it.
"How long until we reach shift speed?" Argus said.
"We'll need to escape Phalos's gravity first," Alan said.
Aki came to join them. "I think they noticed us. Energy spike detected along their firing trenches." Ruts that ran the length of the Sabre started to glow.
The three of them felt a whisper in their heads. <It is my duty to protect Phalos,> Ashra said. <Maintain your course and leave the rest to me.> 
The cycle of life and death continued on the planet, her true homeworld that she was leaving behind. She gathered up the free-floating essences and shaped it in the Empyrean. She danced and the seed took root in the air, next to the Umbra and below the Sabre. The tree wasn't large, but its branches were wide enough to cover the circumference of the invading warship. She only needed to keep it still in the air and gravity would do the rest.
The Sabre was no match for the drasil. Its shields dissipated the moment it touched the light. The branches of Ashra's drasil cut through it, turning one of the fastest ships of the empire into long strips of metal as the ship impaled itself on the light and passed through with its momentum. The ship was cut into longitudinal sections, each section burning as it fell to Phalos. 
Ashra did not enjoy the deaths she caused. A part of her heart hated it, wished that there was no more war, no more killing, no more suffering created because of her. But as long as she was alive and as long as the empire existed, they would come for her, if only because she was the emperor's daughter and a princess that they thought belonged to them. So she wrapped up the tenderness of her heart and kept it safe, placing layers of anger and revenge on top to guard it.
They left the atmosphere of Phalos and entered the vacuum of space. As they shifted to darkspace, in her mind's eye, she caught a glimpse of a small bud and the serpent that guarded it. She knew a part of her soul, pure and innocent, would always be there, in that hidden grove. 
It hurt to leave. She felt a tug on her chest as the world shifted from the black and white of space and stars to the hazy realm of darkspace. Yet, her duty as guardian was to defend Phalos, and her actions now, she thought, would protect it from future threats.
Alan called back to her. "Are you hurt?"
<No. I am fine.>

Chapter 39

The water was always cold when Claudia stepped into it, but she liked the way it cleared her mind. By now, she associated the icy feeling with a sense of excitement. She disrobed at the side of the pool, wide and deep enough for only one person. She left her green suit, cravat and undergarments behind. Supported by female attendants, one on each hand, she let the water touch her skin and clear her senses. Tiny threads, invisible to the eye, poked past the surface of her skin and bonded with the nerves underneath. Piece by piece, the status of the Aurelius became clear to her. The thirteen darkspace engines were functioning properly. The hub was in need of three different kinds of extermination. The second biosphere required a new formulation of soil nutrients for what they were growing there.
But these were not the concerns of the High Adjudicant, not after she received the two data mines from Captain Winters. As she fully submerged herself into the integration chamber, the remaining threads in the water connected to her scalp, pushed past her skull and interfaced directly with her brain. The liquid acted as a conduit to accelerate the connections between her neurons and synapses. Other additives in the liquid kept her in a form of minor stasis. They shut down her body, freeing up a larger part of her mind to run the Aurelius. Her fingers became the missiles on their launch pads. Her eyes were the myriad cameras both inside and outside the ship. Her voice was the speakers and the text that scrolled across every screen. Her mind was still her own, but it was augmented by the three AI.
Mercurial glass came up from the edges of the pool, surrounding Claudia and the water inside with a layer of protection. The completed integration chamber slowly rose towards the ceiling. 
She accessed the ship-wide com. "Our years of defending our homeworlds are coming to an end," she said. "Our days of fearing when the empire will strike next will be over. Each and every one of you has contributed to the Einhart, and it is with your unwavering devotion and efforts that we have achieved all that we have." Her face was displayed on the screens in the hub. 
"We are the only combined force that can stand up to the empire, and we shall use all that we have prepared and learned, all of our knowledge and skills and resources to face them. For today, we bring the war to their homeworld." Claudia's avatar, a woman clad in a toga, was projected in many places across the ship, beamed into empty rooms and public areas alike.
"We have all lost much. But now, we stop the bleeding, we stop the hurt. We shall avenge all the family and friends we have lost on this journey. The Sanctum Empire will pay for the pain it has caused. And then, when the dust has settled, we shall have peace."
When she finished and her avatar winked out of existence, all military personnel had migrated to the lower levels of the Aurelius. She directed her thoughts to the assembled Zodiac Council. "We begin the assault on Sanctuary. We shall need the full cooperation of every ship in the fleet. And," she added, "I will need the power to make decisions without debate." It was a formality, for Claudia knew she already had control of the Einhart and no one was in a position to disagree. When there was a need, those that could not would look to those that could. Her temporary emergency powers were granted.
The ones that would be harder to convince would be the AIs. Would they see the value of supreme command under one person? She submitted her request to them. In her mind's eye, three figures, dressed in similar togas with different colors of hair, appeared. They all faced her and bowed in unison. The AI knew their self-preservation would be served by agreeing with the High Adjudicant, who they had gotten to know well over the years.
The bridge of the Aurelius was laid out in a semicircle. Rows of light consoles fanned out in a crescent, each operated by a technician that monitored the ship and surrounding space. 
Near the back, there was a clearing in the center that commanded a view of the bridge. A hole opened up in the floor. The crewmembers turned and bowed their heads. 
From the hole rose a glass tube. Simmons called out, "Claudia Einhart, the High Adjudicant and Prime Medium, is on deck."
Claudia emerged onto the bridge of the Aurelius. She floated inside her tube peacefully, as if she were asleep. Naked inside the integration chamber, her hands were crossed across her chest. Her hair, a golden curtain that billowed around her, protected her modesty. She summoned her avatar. In the center of the semicircle, light gathered to form a woman who looked like her, draped in a toga. She looked to a section of the bridge. "Prepare to separate," she commanded.
"Aye ma'am." In empty halls, strobe lights flashed and klaxons sounded. Pairs of airlocks closed shut throughout the Aurelius. One half of the airlocks were connected to the hub; the other half were connected to the capital ship itself. "The hub is fully isolated from the Aurelius," Simmons reported.
"Detach," Claudia said.
The living quarter towers and three biodomes reflected light from the sun they were left near. The bottom of the ship severed its connection with the top. The warship floated free, taking with it twelve of the thirteen darkspace engines.
The Aurelius, now unencumbered, assumed its role as the Garuda-class supercarrier, the flagship of the Einhart. It left the trappings of civilians and politics behind. Those that remained in the biodomes would find sustenance from the star they orbited. The ones on the Aurelius would continue on to face their fate.
The array of engines propelled them forward. "Preparations for shift to darkspace completed. Destination is the assumed location of Sanctuary."
"Shift."
The Aurelius disappeared into the darkness.

***

Though she had no one to tell, Claudia always enjoyed the shift. Ever since she became High Adjudicant, there were fewer chances to go through darkspace as everything was done remotely. She liked the way the colors glanced off the bubble of normal space they traveled in. And there were things that could only be detected by the ship's instruments; the subtle astral wind that blew with them, the fluctuations of radiation on the bubble border. She felt these through the ship's sensors.
"Receiving encrypted transmission from the Enkidu," a communications tech said.
"Allow," Claudia said.
On the view screen at the center of the bridge a young captain appeared with his crew behind him. "High Adjudicant, we've arrived at the rendezvous point. It's a single red dwarf star without orbiting bodies. A fine place for battle, ma'am."
"Have the darkspace probes found anything?" Claudia asked.
"There are slight disturbances in darkspace of a kind we haven't seen before. It's as if an object was creating waves through reality itself, and we are feeling the first of them."
Claudia kept it in mind. "Hide behind the star to mask your heat and transmission signatures," she said. "We shall be there shortly."
She deployed six ships from the side of the Aurelius. The Libras were agile and fast. They looked like insects, with their small cockpit heads that flared out into a swollen bulb that made up the rest of the ship. Each Libra carried a high density darkspace bomb as its payload. The ships couldn't exist in normal space, where the gravity of the bombs would crush them immediately. But in darkspace, where the rules were different and not yet fully understood, they could maneuver and dash as freely as birds. Due to the nature of their mission, there was one human pilot aboard, each of them a volunteer. They had only one purpose.
The hologram of Claudia saluted each of them as they left the launch bay. She couldn't risk having a control transmission jammed, so these fighters were deployed instead. They were tasked with detonating against the darkspace barrier of Sanctuary, hopefully bringing it into normal space where it would be defenseless. It was a suicide mission, but these six gladly volunteered. She left them in darkspace and ordered for the Aurelius to shift into normal space.
The crew was greeted by blinding white light from their screens. It took a moment for the sensors to adjust to the brightness of the red dwarf. The star dimmed to an orange and red ball on their displays.
"Creating a map of the area," a technician announced. Small cameras streamed out of the capital ship. With the exception of the engine and circuitry on each camera, they were mostly transparent. Shaped like dishes, each of them gathered all the light they could. They arranged themselves in a grid throughout the proposed battlefield and shared their images with each other and the Aurelius.
Through her avatar, Claudia said, "Project onto the bridge."
She felt the material of the bridge as if the reflective polymer were a part of her skin. As they dispersed, the cameras sent individual images of what each saw, and the images were coalesced and compiled by the AI. The computers molded and projected the composite image onto the floor, chairs and walls so that it appeared as one unbroken surface that replaced the bridge. The gray of the floor and consoles turned into the black of space flecked with stars. The bridge disappeared; people sat seemingly on nothing. The only things that disturbed the landscape were the crew, their light consoles, and Claudia. To the left, the red dwarf shone brightly. At first it was a dizzying experience, seeing nothing but the stars beneath and above them, but prior combat experience showed that having a visual of their surroundings could alert the crew to things that the sensors had missed.
All around them, different ships shifted into the rendezvous location. Their entry points were scattered but they adjusted in normal space, firing their thrusters as they positioned themselves in front of the Aurelius.
Claudia factored the red dwarf into her strategy. "Deploy a cluster of warheads behind the star. Keep them directed at the battlefield."
Tiny thumps sounded throughout the hull. "Warheads away," the weapons station reported.
Sylvan Winters, the new captain of the Rainier, appeared on screen. The bandage over his eye was gone and fresh skin covered the wound on his forehead. "High Adjudicant, the ships have all assembled," he said.
Claudia scanned the list of gathered ships for the Umbra, but it was absent and out of range. There was no choice but to continue without Alan.
She surveyed her fleet. All told, over fifty ships had gathered for this battle with the Sanctum. There were ships and agents that were too far away to make it here on time, but the majority of the Einhart was present. A part of her worried about bunching them all here in one location, but another part said that it was necessary. Better to finish things with one decisive stroke than to let it drag on. Some of the ships were pulled out of engagements they had on other planets, and their sudden departure would be noticed by the empire. She needed to act now.
"Ma'am, increase in darkspace disturbance. We've never seen anything its size before."
"Order Libras One and Two to engage," she said. "Stagger their hits and display the video." She was opening the battle by sacrificing two of her own.
Claudia accessed the feed from the darkspace probes. From a distance it looked like a purple sphere, but as the first Libra accelerated towards it, the sphere became a wall. For a second their darkspace fields merged. A moment later, a wave of force appeared as the Libra was engulfed by the bomb it carried on its back. The explosion destroyed one of the probes and Claudia switched to another probe to continue watching.
The Libra punched a hole through Sanctuary's darkspace bubble, revealing glimpses of clouds beneath it, but the bubble was quickly repairing itself. Purple light cascaded over the damage.
The second Libra impacted on the other side of the sphere, much sooner than expected. If the distance the Libra needed to travel was so little, how large was the object? Claudia and the rest of the bridge watched as the same happened again. The force was enough to create another hole, but the damage didn't last.
She noticed something about the process. The waves of purple energy that rebuilt the holes in the darkspace bubble had come from the bottom and streamed up in pulses. 
Undoubtedly Sanctuary noticed the attack. She maybe had enough time for one more stratagem. "Order the remaining four Libras to attack the lower half of the sphere. Split Sanctuary's shield into quadrants and time for simultaneous impact."
One Libra stopped in front of the shield that came hurtling towards it. The other two kept pace to the side and the final one exhausted its fuel to overtake it. She displayed a timer to synchronize their attacks.
The four collided with the bottom of the darkspace shield at the same time. The explosions knocked out the lower half of the sphere. The upper part grew dimmer and faded. The object suddenly disappeared from darkspace.
In its place, a shockwave of gravity rippled throughout normal space, shaking even the Aurelius. Einhart scientists would never have a guessed an object so large could have shifted into darkspace, but they didn't have access to the research done on Abyssinia and other facilities.
There were rumors that surrounded Sanctuary. It was said that those sent as emissaries from the worlds the empire conquered were kept there and could never leave, to guarantee the cooperation of their respective homeworlds. This was true. Others had said that it was a dark place, a land of fire and ash, for the emperor, cruel as he was, could only exist in a world devoid of life. This was not true.
Even though Sanctuary was bombed out of darkspace, its atmosphere was still intact. It was the size of a small moon, but it wasn't round; it was shaped like a disk. On top of the disk was a lush forest that covered much of its surface. Rivers flowed through the trees, dropping off at the edges of the world and disappearing into mist. Concentric circles of buildings cut rings through the forest. They all leaned in towards the center, as if paying homage to the palace and its citadel that rose high above the trees.
The underside of the disk was a mirror image of the top, but in the place of the forest was dull metal. A spire clung to the middle like a stalactite, a reduced reflection of the citadel above it. Smoke poured out of the spire, evidence of the damage caused by the Libras. 
Innumerable launch bays studded the bottom of the disk. Their hatches opened. Sanctum fighters, sleek with forward-sweeping wings, streamed out of them at such a rate that it seemed like an unending river of black. The fighters splashed through the water that cascaded off the side, the droplets freezing into ice as they broke through Sanctuary's atmosphere and entered space.
The ambush had probably caught the Sanctum unprepared, Claudia thought, and it would be a little longer before reinforcements arrived. She would press her advantage. "Launch Vespine fighters and prepare silos A through J. Target their fighters as they approach. Engage closer to Sanctuary and minimize collateral damage." A spear appeared in her avatar's hand.
Second Medium Fitzgerald Simmons recorded the orders and sent it through the chain of command, down to the conductors who would direct each missile individually. War suited his bellicose personality and he found the prospect of revenge on the imperial homeworld exciting. The source of his bitterness would be expunged after this battle, either by the destruction of Sanctuary or by his own death. "Missiles away," he said.
Ten cylinders launched from the Aurelius, along with another salvo from the other ships. The cylinders opened mid-flight and ten fission missiles split from each, each steered by a weapons specialist and guided towards targets marked by the AI for the greatest damage radius.
The individual Sanctum fighters launched their own salvo of plasma. Lines of blue and white streaked across space. They splashed against the missiles, melting them into globs of harmless metal. But a few missiles made it through. When they impacted, bursts of red and white that rivaled the light of the red dwarf bloomed in a row in front of Sanctuary. A large swath of the automated fighters were vaporized in the flash of heat and light, but for each that fell two more came to take its place.
 "Vespines and first wave, engage." Claudia put Simmons in charge of the front lines and left a quarter of her processing power to assist him. The rest she directed to the movement of her ships across the three-dimensional grid of the battlefield. The Sanctum fighters were unmanned drones, and her pilots were far better than any computer. But the empire had the advantage of numbers, and if she let the battle drag on for too long the Einhart would be overwhelmed.
Battle was joined as the Vespines and drones met. Skirmishes changed into individual dogfights as the Vespines peppered the drones with bullets. The Sanctum fighters responded with lines of plasma.
Claudia paid attention to what happened when fallen ships on both sides impacted the atmosphere of Sanctuary. Nothing made it through. Though she saw bits of the forests and palace underneath the clouds, when anything hit the edge of its atmosphere it glanced off with a shimmer and rebounded back onto the battlefield. They would need to find a way past that shield.
"Weapons!" she said, hailing the officer in charge of the armaments. "Take the warheads out of the red dwarf's orbit. Use the star's gravity to slingshot the missiles towards the back of Sanctuary. Notify me when they're ten seconds away from impact."
"Aye, ma'am!"
She continued to monitor the front of the battle. Reinforcements were needed in a quadrant. The last of the Vespines were being shot down there, their hulls gutted and opened to the void of space.
"Enkidu, reinforce. Launch full complement and hold the front line. Repel and push." She marked the location and gave instructions to their onboard AI. 
A large ship, boxy and rectangular, crossed in front of the Aurelius. Ports opened along its four lateral surfaces. "First salvo away," its captain reported. Thin missiles launched from it in waves, leaving trails of white smoke and obscuring the ship from view. While packing less firepower, these missiles dodged around debris with precision thrusts as they approached their targets.
A monitor reported, "Three inbound signatures from darkspace, ma'am."
Claudia turned her mind to the disturbances in normal space. They were appearing in a triangle around Sanctuary. The accuracy of the empire's shifts from dark to normal space was knowledge the Einhart should acquire, she thought. But their tactics were too simple. Why a defensive formation around Sanctuary when they could've deployed behind her armada? What were they waiting for?
"Ten seconds till fission warhead impact, ma'am," a weapons technician said. "Trajectory is warped by incoming darkspace shift."
She would deal with the questions later. "Split missiles into two groupings. For one group, adjust course and keep them on Sanctuary. Keep the second group targeted on the rift in space and reduce their speed."
"Understood, High Adjudicant."
She turned to another section of the bridge. "Monitor," she said, "deploy our remaining cameras in loose formation here." She marked a location near the red dwarf. "Give me a screen."
"Ma'am," the monitor responded, "we've only lost a few cameras and have adequate views of the field."
Her avatar raised her eyebrows once, and the man who dared question the High Adjudicant quickly spun back in his seat, red-faced, and launched the cameras.
The rifts in normal space closed. In their place were three Javelin-class warships that emerged simultaneously. They were the same as the Edict; two diamonds that intersected each other, giving them the shape of two pyramids stacked base to base, their simple form a symbol of the Sanctum Empire and the power it had.
They had already charged their turrets; the trenches where the ship plating intersected brimmed with blue plasma. 
One of them never had the chance to fire. The group of five missiles crashed into its side. They maintained their speed as they blew through the shield and drilled deep into the ship's core. Powerless, the Javelin listed towards Sanctuary, its lights fading to black. The missiles inside detonated. In a shower of metal and plasma, the Javelin exploded. The throneworld's shields glimmered from the force of the impact, but recovered.
Claudia dedicated one AI to the guidance of the remaining five missiles. One was shot down, four of them impacted. Sanctuary's shield lit up in a rainbow of colors around the whole disk, then disappeared. It was down.
"Warships, fire at Sanctuary! Vespines, clear a path." Upon her order, the whole of the Einhart fleet was hidden behind a cloud of exhaust as missiles launched; their numbers like drops of rain, all headed towards the same target. The barrage of artillery was so thick that even the red dwarf was darkened behind the wall of projectiles.
The Sanctum drones split off from their sorties and threw themselves into the trajectories of the incoming missiles. The two remaining Javelin warships unleashed their own counterattack. The plasma they shot wasn't globular, but concentrated and enhanced into fine beams that stretched across the field of combat. With a single burst, the beams cut a zigzag pattern through the missiles, Vespines and drones alike, leaving a wake of wreckage behind them. The reach of a beam extended past even the fighting and hit the Aurelius.
"Maintain position," Claudia said. The plasma beam glanced off the prow shield.
"Shields at 93.6 percent. Recharging from engine three," a defense technician said.
Claudia was more concerned with the damage to Sanctuary. Only two missiles made it through, creating burning craters in the forest. But with those two missiles, she and the Einhart knew that Sanctuary could be breached. A cheer rose throughout the fleet and she felt the morale of every warship and fighter rise.
Their joy was short-lived. The two remaining Javelin-class ships were beginning to recharge their plasma. The buildup along the trenches glowed white and hot, illuminating the spaces in between the trilateral sheets. All the light concentrated on one point on the Javelin and was released. Two beams of plasma sped at the amassed Einhart.
"Evasive maneuvers," Claudia said. The Aurelius tilted to one side as its engines came to life. But the mass of the flagship was great and moving it took too much time. The plasma sliced cleanly through the two ships in front and shook the Aurelius as it smashed into its shields.
"Shields at 13 percent. Lost communications with Enkidu and Pleroma," Simmons reported.
Another flare appeared off to the starboard side as the remaining beam cut through another set of ships. "Verum, Baldur and Delphi aren't responding." The euphemism was unneeded. Claudia knew the moment when the plasma blasted through their shields, tore through their hulls and ignited the oxygen that flowed through them.
"Tighten matrix of extra cameras, concave formation," she ordered. "Remaining ships, fire at will; focus on the Javelins." Sanctuary was their target, but so far it had only deployed individual fighters. The Javelins were a greater threat and needed to be removed first. But how much time did she have? How much time before the shields were up again, before Sanctuary could power its engines, before more reinforcements arrived?
Claudia turned her attention to the cameras. They were scattered loosely in front of the red dwarf. She felt as if each camera was a marble that she could roll and stop across the canvas of space. Each was maneuvered and placed with precision as the ship translated the impulses of her brain into kinetic movement.
She started with the edges, building a large ring of cameras. Each of their lenses faced out, catching and bending the rays of light emitted by the red dwarf. The cameras themselves were stabilized by electric beams between them. She built another ring of cameras inside the first, angling the camera lenses in ever slightly, pulling the light into an array that grew ever denser. The light bounced off the scattered cameras, forming a luminous film between the lenses. She continued with the pattern until it was a solid sheet of curved glass.
When she was done, a dome had formed in front of the star. It was a formation of lenses, held in place by electricity, their shared location data, and minute thrusts from their engines. She tilted the formation and outer lenses channeled the sunlight into the dome. The arrangement of curved glass magnified it into a beam that burned through the nearest group of Sanctum fighters that tried to dismantle it. For every camera the fighters melted, another would appear to take its place.
Claudia drew a line on the battle screen shared by the Einhart. She gave her fighters and ships fifteen seconds to escape the proposed path of the beam. The Vespines would make it out; they were designed to move from engagement to engagement and were fast. However, the Pinewell, an older ship that had seen many battles, wouldn't have such an easy time. The bulk of the ship stood in between the impromptu magnifying glass and the Javelin-class ship it was supposed to destroy. The Pinewell's engines glowed, trying to gain speed, but its inertia was too much to overcome in the few seconds they had.
Claudia opened a line to the Pinewell. The captain appeared on the screen; his face was calm and controlled, but a layer of sweat had formed on his brow. "Evacuate and close port side airlocks," she commanded.
"Yes, High Adjudicant." He forwarded the order to his crew. The screen went dark.
She would give them five more seconds. The Javelin she was aiming for would unleash its plasma soon and they would suffer more casualties than just the Pinewell if that happened.
"Orient the lenses and set focus on the Javelin," she said. "Fleet, synchronize attacks. Get past their shields."
The cameras shifted their position, moving in unison, turning into a rounded mirror with the diameter of a starship. As they caught the light, each camera magnified and turned the light towards the center, where it burst forth in a beam of concentrated sunlight.
The light beam vaporized the left half of the Pinewell. The edges of the metal glowed bright orange and then faded. Thanks to its quick-acting crew, there was no vented atmosphere or explosion.
The solar beam hit the Javelin head-on, focusing on one of its side trenches where plasma gathered. The Javelin's shields diffused the light, scattering it into separate rays that spread out behind it in a rainbow. The shields glimmered purple and green as they diverted the attack, becoming thinner with every passing second. When the missiles impacted the other side of the Javelin, the shields shimmered once and then died.
With the Javelin's shields down, the beam impacted the edge of the ship. It melted a hole through its side and pulled the gathering plasma into the inner decks. The light burned through reinforced plating and men indiscriminately. It only encountered resistance as it entered the crystal core that powered the ship. The crystal was the same shape as the ship except in miniature, rotating on its axis surrounded by an electrical field. The field kept the core in place and diverted energy to where it was needed, at this moment to repower the failed shields. The light didn't affect it; the core only refracted the light into millions of diamond dots against the walls of its chamber. But the heat from the rays made it inside. The pillars and containment cages that kept the crystal in place glowed orange. They elongated, dripped, and then flowed, as they turned from solid to liquid. The crystal fell out of place and the light continued on its original path.
From the bridge of the Aurelius, Claudia watched as the beam entered one side of the Javelin and exited out the other. Plasma pooled into the holes, as if trying to patch them, but it was too late. The Javelin tipped over, listing until it was almost on its side. The crystal core was displaced from its stasis field. As it hit the sides of the containment chamber, it released its energy, unchecked and unrestrained, into the rest of the ship. In one brilliant flash of light it appeared illuminated as if it were a second sun, and then it was gone, vaporized.
The battle was now in the Einhart's favor. They sustained casualties from the combined assault of the Sanctum fighters and Javelins, but they had survived with more than half their ships. Their newest priority was to prevent Sanctuary from retreating into darkspace. Considering its mass, similar to a moon or small planet, it didn't have enough time to achieve the speed necessary to make the shift. Then again, the empire had done things with darkspace that the Einhart had never thought possible.
She divided the fleet into two battalions. "First battalion, focus assault on Sanctuary. Disable their shields and darkspace drive. Keep them here." A group of warships detached and moved to their designated positions. These were heavier cruisers, built with copious amounts of plating and additional darkspace engines for shields that could absorb more damage. They weren't fast, but made up for it with weapons that could lay siege from orbit.
"Second battalion, target remaining Javelin. I want to see it crash into Sanctuary."
"Aye, ma'am!" their captains responded.
These ships were agile and smaller, good against the plasma lances from the Javelin. She would leave the rest to them, with one last gift. The cameras couldn't take much more of the heat from the red dwarf; it wasn't how they were meant to be used. But they had enough to sustain one more blast. She adjusted the location of the cameras and shifted the focus of their beam on the final Javelin. The glass and parts of the cameras fused together. The final beam was weaker, but it cut through the fighters defending the Javelin and gave the Einhart the window they needed.
Claudia maneuvered the Aurelius between both battalions. The field of stars in front of her shifted as they veered to the right. She would be able to assist with the fighting on both fronts, but most importantly, it gave her access to the least defended part of Sanctuary. An opening appeared between the Vespines and fighters engaged in their dogfights, between the larger warships as they converged onto their designated locations.
The AIs that were connected to Claudia's mind felt an imbalance in the chemicals that floated between her neurons. This was a degree of emotion they had never detected before in the High Adjudicant, and the AI were wary. They reasoned that Batten, the High Adjudicant's homeworld, still stood, and such emotion wasn't warranted. But the source of her emotion wasn't related to the people she led. It went deeper, rooted in a place the AIs couldn't understand. They informed her that emotions may be clouding her judgment, that her scans were showing abnormally high activity in the amygdalae, where her memories were stored and retrieved. But she dismissed their concerns with a wave of her mind, and the AIs became like pollen blown away by a gust of wind. She had absolute control, as she needed in times of war, and she would see her will done.
All of the launch bays opened on the Aurelius. This was an impressive sight, for seldom were they open, and rarely was the Aurelius seen in its full glory. Flaps that hid the complete armament of the capital ship of the Einhart opened into the vacuum of space. From these hatches poked warheads, missiles, darkspace bombs, and some experimental weaponry Dr. Guren had not had time to fully test.
Though she did not gamble, she would bet it all on this.
"Fire," she told the bridge.
A volley of projectiles, one fired after the other, flew from the Aurelius. The first to hit were the light-based weapons. They pinged off the regenerated shield of the throneworld like scattered rain. But it was weakened with every hit, and as the rest of the projectiles collided, the shield collapsed in a burst of color. It was time for Sanctuary to burn.
The first of the acid-tipped rockets crashed into the fields around the palace, their course diverted and warped by some unknown force. They rendered swaths of land barren as they swept through, melting the trees and soil into smoking puddles. Claudia watched with cold eyes, awaiting the results of the next barrage.
She waited, but it never came. As the missiles approached Sanctuary, each one simply vanished into the clouds. None detonated.
"Ma'am, sensors are detecting a large object rapidly ascending from Sanctuary's atmosphere," a monitor said. "It seems to have a hybrid darkspace and normal space signature."
Claudia's eyes narrowed as her plan was thwarted. "Hybrid? How can it exist between both states at once? How does it get enough speed to shift?" Claudia asked. The AIs didn't know, but they were keen on finding out.
"Incoming transmission from a ship. It calls itself the Divine Will," the monitor said.
"Accept," Claudia said.
Seth, First Prince of the Sanctum, appeared on the screen. Even in battle, he was dressed in blue, purple and black ceremonial robes. His cold eyes and smooth features looked as if they were chiseled from marble. The prince's enlarged head filled up one wall of the Aurelius, though it was still smaller than his ego.
"Welcome to Sanctuary, Claudia," he said. The crew on the bridge winced as he addressed her by name, though their ears were intoxicated by his voice. "And my thanks for bringing the entire fleet of the Einhart here. We could not have asked for a better gift." From the sky of throneworld rose a mass of clouds. It left an empty spot behind it, exposing the palace and its citadel. Claudia saw a flash of purple at the top of the citadel before it became hidden again.
The mass of clouds continued to ascend, seemingly slowly, until she saw the trails of vapor stream out beneath it like a white waterfall. As it broke through the upper layers of the atmosphere, the remaining condensation turned to ice and scattered around the Divine Will.
The ship was like nothing Claudia had seen before. It was visible, yet seemed almost translucent. A gossamer film covered every surface of the Divine Will, similar to the boundaries generated around ships when they shifted to darkspace. It was unlike any other Sanctum ship, which were normally geometric and precise in their design. This ship was round, with staggered sheets of thin plating that served as its armor. Between the plates there were gaps, making it look like a flower that was about to bloom. And from these she saw a sliver of another structure; a thin and long spike hidden in the center like a pistil. Other than that, it seemed hollow on the inside. It was deceptively simple, but all its surfaces were covered in that iridescent sheen that made it seem like it should've been in darkspace.
Claudia wondered how it existed between the two dimensions. And where did her battery of missiles go?
Seth answered. "What I want to show you requires a large amount of matter, which you were so kind to donate. We could always use dark matter for the singularity cannon, but I am one for poetic justice." He smiled with his mouth, yet the mirth did not reach his eyes. "But where are my manners? Let us drink," he said, raising a glass filled with a dark liquid. "A toast, to all the worlds you have damned. To all the worlds you have denied the salvation of the empire." He downed it in one gulp and threw the glass aside. It shattered into a thousand pieces unseen. He gave one more sneer. His face winked out of existence on the bridge, replaced by stars. 
The Aurelius had been exhausted. Its armory had been emptied from the last salvo. Only now was the gravity of Claudia's decision starting to become clear to her. With the knowledge she had at the time, she had made the right choice. But her worst fear, the fear that she was going to let down the Einhart, ate at her. Thankfully, her avatar didn't show it and her body, suspended in fluid, couldn't betray her thoughts.
"Attach probes to missiles and fire one each from ships that have munitions remaining," she said.
A few missiles launched from the assembled ships. All the missiles disappeared as they neared the Divine Will. Claudia kept note of every fluctuation, and when they vanished into the void around the Sanctum ship, she had an idea of what kind of weapon the Sanctum had created.
"Ma'am, darkspace signatures are changing." 
"Prep thrusters for evasive maneuvers. Bridge and crew, prepare." she said. She turned to Simmons. "Do we have any more ships in darkspace? Any more Libras?" she asked.
"None, ma'am. All ships have been deployed and are engaged in normal space," Simmons responded.
The Divine Will oriented itself towards the Aurelius, the spike pointing straight at them. Electricity crackled around its tip, forming a spherical cage. Darkness appeared within the cage, amorphous and fluid. It blocked out the stars and seemed to absorb their light into itself.
"Spacetime fluctuations," a monitor reported. "Isolated readings originating from the Divine Will, ma'am."
The dark mass grew larger, straining against its electric shackles. The empire had managed to turn the black hole into a weapon, and it was aimed straight at the Aurelius. 
Nearby ships saw the threat to the High Adjudicant and arranged themselves in a defensive formation around her. They fired a cluster of their remaining missiles, but when they approached Seth's ship, each veered off course, sucked into the gravitational field generated by the miniature black hole. With every absorbed projectile the black hole grew in size.
The completed black hole detached from the tip of the singularity cannon, suspended like a bubble in the air. A pulse appeared at the tip of the Divine Will. With a surge of electricity, the black hole flew towards the Aurelius and the ships grouped in front of it. It passed through shields, plating and electronics unimpeded; the only remnant of their existence was a final image imprinted on its event horizon.
As it ate through the ships that formed the protective blockade, its radius increased. The void pulled larger swaths of matter into itself. The Aurelius had already shifted position, but the dark orb still clipped its side and sheared a wing off. Claudia felt it as if she had lost one of her limbs; there was a flash of pain before the nerves went dead. In the wake of the black hole, there was no debris or crew that floated out into space; the black hole had sucked those in as it went by.
"Darkspace engines four and five have been lost. Shields at maximum operability of 72 percent," a monitor announced. 
The void had also absorbed a large number of the cameras as it passed through. Without their shared vision, the panorama of space disappeared from the bridge, limiting visibility to what each monitor could see on their screen. The nebulas and astral formations reverted to sterile whites and grays.
Claudia's avatar clutched her arm. "Free formation dispersal. Give it multiple targets and erratic trajectories."
The other Javelin had fallen during Seth's attack, leaving only his ship and the drones. But she didn't know how to counter the Divine Will. Any weapons they threw at it would only add to the size of the black hole, and dodging it would require luck, which Claudia didn't believe in. Achieving the speed necessary for the shift to darkspace wasn't possible either; their retreating ships would be too easy to target.
It didn't matter, Claudia decided.
The Divine Will was preparing another black hole at the tip of its singularity cannon. Claudia came across one name that was not available to the rest of the fleet, the Umbra, belonging to her other Second Medium. Where was Alan now, when she needed him most?

Chapter 40

"I'd really prefer it if you didn't," Alan said. Prefer? He was the Second Medium. He didn't use such words anymore.
<When we left Phalos, you said I could fight. So I will.>
"I know what I said Ashra, but I'm here to protect you. The empire wants you and the Einhart will kill you. I don't know where you'll be safe, but space is vast. We'll find a place; just stay low for now. Please?"
Alan hated the phrase I don't know, but that seemed to be all he could come up with recently. Before he met the princess, the future had been easy to understand and the days had been easy to pass. But with Ashra on his mind, he became uncertain, he doubted. He always imagined the worst scenarios, and was mortified when some had come true, after Ashra had told them of what had transpired on Phalos. Mortified. He hadn't felt such a strong emotion in a long time.
Ashra was standing inside the open comet and didn't respond. He moved his hands over hers. "Thrusters are linked to each hand. In case I can't come back," he said, and Ashra turned her head away, as if she didn't want to see the possibility. He grabbed her shoulder and she faced him. "In case I can't come back," he repeated, "there's a week's worth of supplies at the bottom and an emergency beacon linked to some friends back in the hub. I'm asking you to keep yourself from being noticed, but you are no longer the girl I found on Galea. The choice is yours." He squeezed her hand. "But I'll come back. I promise."
<You promise?> Her face was stern.
"Promise."
Ashra smiled. He kissed her once on the forehead, then lowered the lid, watching it seal with a hiss. Alan slapped the sides of the comet, making sure all the parts were secure. She seemed too small for it; he could barely see the top of her head through the viewport. But she smiled, and he kept that image in his heart as he loaded the rear launcher with her comet. He wanted to send her away now, but he would have to wait until they were back in normal space.
"Fluctuations in darkspace," Aki reported.
"Coming," Alan said. With one last glance at Ashra, he ran to the cockpit and sat down at the center console. "What do we have?"
"It looks like a ship, underneath that huge mess. The computer doesn't know what's going on, but estimates suggest that it's stuck in the shift between normal and darkspace." 
It looked like a dark cloud to Alan. The edges were made of orbs that swirled with the absence of color, flowing along the surface. As they moved back and forth, Alan could make out an iridescent shape underneath, similar to a ship that was making the shift between dimensions. One of the orbs moved to the front of the ship, where it stayed for a moment before being shot off, disappearing into, what Alan guessed, was normal space.
Unbidden, a message appeared across his light console. 

Take it out.
-C

"Yes ma'am," Alan whispered to himself. He turned to his teammates. "The High Adjudicant wants this thing gone. We don't have enough firepower to take it head on, and we don't have weapons that function in darkspace."
"Calculating boarding options," Aki said. Trajectories appeared on her console.
"Leave the weapons to me," Argus said, excited to finally use the one light-based weapon the ship had. He aimed the laser cannon and pulled the trigger. 
The green laser hit the edge of the Umbra's shift bubble. Instead of passing through the bubble, it traveled along an elliptical track as it curved with the boundary between normal and darkspace. He fired multiple shots, each one angled slightly differently. The lasers slowed, turning from streams of light into discrete green blobs, each encased by its own darkspace bubble. 
The end result was a kaleidoscope of green light that encircled the ship, blocking out the darkspace that surrounded them. Argus left a small opening at the front of the ship so Alan could still see.
Aki tried to make sense of the information the computer was displaying. "Those masses seem to be the seeds of black holes. They're stable in darkspace, but activated once they're brought out into normal space."
"Avoid them, got it," Alan said. "How're we getting aboard?"
"We'll need to match their phase," Aki said.
"Like we're shifting?"
Aki nodded.
"That leaves only one option then." He looked at Argus. "Argus, you know what to do. Aim our darkspace engine at their ship bridge, at that spike in the center."
The big man took control of the darkspace engine and adjusted its position. "Do we get to press the big button now?" he asked with a grin.
Alan nodded. "Computer, the Uchida sonatas." He would never have a chance to hear them aboard the Umbra again. 
As music trickled through the cockpit, the three pressed the small hexagons at the bottom right of their light consoles simultaneously. They heard a click come from the lower deck of the Umbra. The darkspace engine shot forward, still tethered to the ship by a tendril of black electricity. It avoided the laser masses while shedding its containment fullerene piece by piece. The black core wobbled as it lost stability and broke through the gap left by Argus. It cleared the bubble and would make contact with the Divine Will in a second. 
"Shift," Alan said.
The darkspace core flashed once then disappeared, expending its energy in a blast that tore a hole through the hull of the Divine Will. A rainbow of colors rippled across the Umbra as the ship crashed into the hole the core made. 
As the world shifted to the solid colors of normal space, a series of comets launched from the rear of the ship. One contained Ashra; the rest were decoys. They jetted away from the battle, objects so small they could've been confused for debris.
The front of the Umbra emerged within the hull of Divine Will as both ships phased in and out of darkspace. The lasers Argus had fired, freed from their dimensional prison, flew throughout the bridge of the Divine Will. Some of the bubbles maintained their form, while others burst as they made contact solid matter. They struck control panels, engineers and soldiers without prejudice. Those that survived ducked under seats and consoles as the lasers scorched the ground next to them. 
A weapons technician looked at Seth. "My Lord, if our shielding is compromised, we will be unable to maintain our position between dark and normal space." His eyes glazed over as he scanned information through his neural implant. "The seeds will be activated once we're forced into normal space. Ground forces report that the darkspace array is almost fixed on Sanctuary, but due to our proximity, the throneworld will be in danger from the seeds until it can shift."
Seth danced across the bridge in his robes, dodging the lasers as they burst around him. "Execute final order for the ship then prepare for reentry into Sanctuary," he said, weaving his body in between beams of light. Deep in his mind, he felt the emperor stir inside his cocoon on Sanctuary. His heart glowed with love for his father; he would do all he could to keep him safe and fulfill his duty as a son.
"Your will be done, First Prince." The technician accessed the network through his neural implant and continued working under his console.
On the floor below Seth, the Umbra's door flew open. After explosives weakened the seal, Argus ripped the door off and held it as a shield. Alan and Aki got behind him. Much of the Divine Will's bridge was in ruins, but as soon as they stepped out, they were pelted with plasma fire by the remaining Sanctum soldiers.
Alan had already primed an Ardor before they came out. He threw the small ball over the door. It hung for a moment, before its silver surface receded and the sphere imploded. The lower level was instantly awash in flames. Argus slammed the door into the ground and leaned into it to keep it upright. They huddled close to each other, Aki sandwiched between Argus and Alan. The fire parted as it hit the door and came back together as it passed behind them.
On the upper level, Seth shielded himself. Distracted by the explosion, he didn't see a laser that came from behind. It splashed upon his back, leaving scorched cloth and flesh. When he stretched to touch the wound, the skin tore and a trickle of blood came forth. He ignored the pain as he watched the last of the black hole seeds launch. One sped towards the Aurelius as a diversion. Another cluster shot past the lines of battle. 
He watched the sea of flames churn below on the lower level. When the bridge was destroyed, the ship would be forced to shift into normal space and its shields would dissipate. Without a way to navigate, he was trapped in a vessel that couldn't move, and the First Prince despised anything that reduced his freedom. As the heat subsided he pushed his guards forward. "Take care of them." He stayed at the master console, trying to divert the remaining power towards reentering Sanctuary.
Behind Argus, Aki looked up and Alan followed her gaze. A flurry of footsteps sounded like rain on metal. They saw a group of soldiers rush down the stairs. Judging from their efficient steps and the way they carried their weaponry, these soldiers were well-trained. Argus pushed the door across the floor and took steady strides forward as Alan and Aki popped out from behind him to shoot. Three guards fell to their bullets, but the others quickly found cover of their own behind the burnt consoles.
Alan had a hand on Argus's hip, guiding him towards the opposite bank of consoles where they could get more solid cover. Aki kicked aside charred corpses as they made their way. Argus's impromptu shield was getting battered as plasma splashed against it.
When they reached the consoles, Alan and Aki went out first and hid behind them. Argus kicked the shield forward, flattening a guard with its weight. He rolled to the side as superheated bolts flew past where he was standing just moments ago.
Alan saw Aki calibrating her sniper rifle. "At this range?" he asked. "Aren't we too close?"
"Not for what I have in mind," she said. "Give me a target."
Alan popped his head up and ducked as blue-white lances whizzed overhead.
"Thanks," Aki said as she tracked their source. She braced herself against the bottom of the console, lying flat on the floor with her head and shoulders up. The rest of the rifle was balanced on the ground between her legs. 
She pulled the trigger. The distance was short but there was a lot in the way. The bullet drilled through layers of metal and electronics and burst out the other side. When the blood splattered on the wall, she knew she hit her mark.
The final guard retreated up the stairs. Though he hated to leave battle, there was no one left to protect the First Prince. He needed to inform the prince of the situation and possibly prepare the shuttle to secure the First Prince's escape.
Alan followed the guard up the flight of stairs. He lost sight of him for a moment as he went up. When he reached the top, the guard seemed to be floating, his feet dangling in the air. An arm held him up by his neck, extending from the back of the captain's chair that stood on a raised dais.
 "I ordered you to fight." The man was raised higher as the figure stood up. With his height, voice, and the ease with which he lifted the guard, Alan knew who the man was in an instant. But before he could shoot, a flurry of bullets whizzed past his head. Argus had already taken the first shots.
The prince spun around and held the guard as a shield. The bullets impacted the man's torso and shook his body. Without a second thought, Seth tossed him over the side of the railing and rushed forward. Alan took aim and joined in the fusillade.
Seth appeared in one place, only to appear in another a moment later, closer than before. But he left a trail of blood as he dashed from spot to spot. Soon his movements became slower and Alan could track him with his eyes. Alan fired a shot, watching as the bullet sailed towards where the prince was standing. It only went through air as he disappeared.
Argus fired another round, anticipating Seth's position by the blood left across the floor. His bullet found its mark, hitting the prince in chest. Argus saw Seth's eyes widen as he felt the pain. A moment later he was gone, knocked over the railing by the force of the impact.
When they peered over the ledge to see where he had fallen, they saw nothing but a pool of blood that disappeared under the stairs. Then they heard a scream.
Unseen by the trio, as Seth fell and his heart slowed, he offered an apology. <Father,> he thought in his mind, <I am unable to fulfill the duty you gave me, to rule in your stead, to protect Sanctuary and to further the empire. I fear you are in danger, and it brings me shame to know I brought this upon you. I sacrifice myself to you in dedication.>
He felt the stirrings of the emperor's mind grow stronger, and he took that as permission. He landed on one of his arms. It broke, but he didn't mind anymore. The guard that he had thrown over was still alive, his breath ragged. Seth grabbed his leg. The guard, barely conscious, was jolted awake by the searing pain he felt coming from his calf.
Merging is a delicate process, requiring mastery of oneself and dominion over the other, Seth remembered his father teaching him. The cocoon protects and contains the merge, and time is necessary. Time is required to organize and place the cells in their proper position, to vanquish the lesser mind, to figure out what to keep and what to discard. But Seth didn't have time. His one heart was losing the blood he needed to stay alive. So he grabbed whatever bioorganic mass he could and began the merge, without a cocoon and without preparation.
The man's calf and Seth's hand melded into each other. The guard's nerves were hijacked one by one. He screamed in pain, but Seth continued, utilizing the ability he gained from his father. The screams stopped when the prince collapsed the vocal chords. The man's heart was used to power Seth's body instead.
Half a man now extended where Seth's hand used to be. Its head lolled to and fro as he commanded the man's hands to latch onto any available biomass. He flung his arm with the attached body around the lower level, picking up the corpses of his guards and former crew. He absorbed their organs, skin, bone and muscle to feed the growth of his new form, discarding the burnt parts he didn't need.
Alan saw the fleshy appendages whip around on the lower level. "We gotta move," he said. 
On the upper level, the three ran past the dais, headed through a set of blast doors, and found themselves in a long corridor that linked the bridge to the rest of the ship. Despite the damage they had done, it seemed like there was still power. Their path down the corridor was guided by lights recessed into the floor and walls. They ran, not knowing where it led, and ran faster when they heard a roar behind them. It wasn't human, yet it still had the booming power that Seth's voice once possessed. It was an amplified howl made from many voices. Beneath it, they heard something wet.
Aki risked a glance back. She saw him slither across a trail of mucus, secreted by glands on his underside. Spinal columns from the bodies the prince used fused together to create a long backbone that undulated back and forth, propelling him forward. His tail left scores on the wall as it whipped around. Two muscular arms ending in sharp bone spikes dug into the ground, pulling him forward and increasing his speed. Errant limbs and unwanted fingers were excreted one by one from his skin, falling to the sides of the corridor as the prince gained on them. A vestige of Seth's face still remained on the creature's neck, its eyes closed and jaw slack. What replaced his head was a maw with rows of pointed teeth and two eyes that shone with fury.
Aki ran backwards and fired into the creature. The bullets hit their mark, but he seemed immune to pain. All they did was fuel his anger.
The three continued running, but the end of the corridor was approaching. Aki guessed that when the ship was breached, all other paths were closed by blast doors in order to seal the bridge and maintain pressure. They would have to fight here before they were forced into the corner.
The creature's hand, a single length of bone molded into a scythe, shot forward, missing Alan's face by inches. It buried itself deep into the plating of the floor. When he pulled it out, it left a ragged hole of exposed metal and wiring. Alan countered with a couple rounds from his pistol, but had to duck as the scythe swung overhead, taking a few hairs from his head with it. From his crouching position he searched, seeking to find anything exposed, anything not yet merged, but in that moment Seth's tail smashed into his torso and he flew headfirst into the side wall. He didn't move after he landed.
Aki saw him go down. Seth hunched over Alan's inert form, about to impale him with a claw. She shot a trio of bullets, shattering the scythe into pieces of bone. Seth turned around to face her. Protrusions slid under his skin and up his arm. They pushed out the bone and began to replace what was broken. She fired a few more shots and dodged his slices by weaving her body and jumping off the wall. She glanced back at Argus. "Whatever you're doing, do it fast," she said.
Argus was at the back of the corridor. He opened a canister, took out a k-mine and slammed it against the wall. "Done." He followed with a burst from his gun and Seth was forced to face him. "You owe me an Erudite," he said. Seth roared in response. Argus sidestepped and tried to flank him, but the prince was fast and turned with his every step.
 With Seth's attention elsewhere, Aki went to Alan's limp body and pulled him back down the corridor, towards the bridge. She used the trail of mucus to hasten her progress. She caught sight of Argus with his back faced towards them. Seth was positioned in front of the wall that separated the ship from space.
Argus fired with his right hand. His left hand held a k-mine firmly in its grasp, his fingers creating indents in the soft plastic. Seth lunged forward with his remaining bladed arm. Argus dropped his gun and grabbed the blade as it came towards him, cutting his fingers as Seth strove to it through his chest.
The force was too great even for Argus to stop. Though he managed to move it away from his heart, the scythe still went through his abdomen and out the other end. Blood dripped from its tip and splashed onto the floor.
Argus didn't move. His other hand was pressed against the chest of the beast. Underneath it, the k-mine slowly spread out on Seth's skin, blending in with his mottled colors. 
Argus smiled, a line of blood running past his lips. He grabbed the bone that protruded out of his body. With a twist, he snapped it off between his hands. Before Seth could react, he dropped to the floor, grabbed his pistol and shot one bullet past the prince. Seth reared up, about to finish him off with his regrown scythe.
The k-mine on the wall exploded. The blast tore through layers of metal until it reached space. The hole expanded as the vacuum sucked out the air inside. The force tore the gun from Argus's hand and it flew out of the breach. 
With his tail streaming behind him like a banner, Seth stabbed the remnants of his arms into the ground, resisting the gale that threatened to pull him out of the ship.
Argus grabbed onto one of the holes in the ground, straining with all his might to keep himself from getting pulled out of the hole as well. But his mission wasn't finished yet. The air whipped around him and made it difficult, but his target was close. He removed the bone impaled through his stomach and threw it at the prince.
The flat side of the scythe collided with Seth's chest, detonating the k-mine glued to his skin. His bone scythes shattered and the prince was blown backwards. With one final screech he was sucked out through the hole and into the emptiness of space. Argus wanted to continue watching, but he heard a voice from above.
"I can't hold him!" Aki was further up, clinging to the grating with one hand while holding Alan with the other. He was still unconscious. He hung limp in her arm, which was quickly losing its grip. With a yell, she aimed him at Argus and let go.
Argus looked up and tracked Alan's trajectory. The wind made it difficult, and Alan fell farther to the side than either of them had predicted. Argus stretched out and extended his arm. He caught the bottom of Alan's shirt as he slid past. Argus pulled him in with all of his muscles, hugging him to his chest.
The nanomachines that scuttled along the interior of the Divine Will were made aware of the breach and gathered there. They patched up the hole molecule by molecule, adding the most basic layer of protection and then reinforcing it.
As the vacuum died down, Alan's eyes fluttered open. He tried moving but found he was trapped in a tight embrace by biceps the size of his head.
Argus felt him stir. "You awake, boss?" he asked. The big man sounded sleepy and his grip grew looser. 
Alan pulled himself away. His hands and armor were slick with blood, blood that wasn't his own. He got to his knees and grimaced as the world came into painful focus. He rubbed his head; there would be a bruise there for some time. 
It was only when he saw the source of the blood that he knew how badly Argus had been wounded. "Argus?" he said. He shook the big man's shoulder. "Argus?"
Argus's eyes were closed and he didn't respond.

Chapter 41

There were cracks within the glass. Drop by drop, fluid leaked out of the integration chamber. The last attack from Seth's ship missed the bridge, but several transport lines that ran along the underside of the Aurelius had been severed by the black holes. Sparks ignited the gasses that leaked out, and the resulting explosion had thrown the bridge into disarray. Claudia focused on sealing off the breached bulkheads throughout what remained of her ship while her crew picked themselves up from the ground. Some were bruised and bleeding from cuts they sustained as they crashed into control panels and seats, but all had the will to continue to fight. This is what it meant to be Einhart, she thought.
"Bulkheads have been sealed, ma'am. Repressurizing lower decks, equilibrium will be regained in two minutes," a technician said as he read the reports with his good eye. The other was covered with a bandage.
Another said, "Ma'am, the Divine Will has shifted into normal space. We've received firing solutions from Hadron and Rainier. They're requesting permission to fire."
She looked closely with the remaining cameras. The back end of another ship stuck out of the Divine Will's bridge, like a bird had wanted a flower too much and dove straight into it. When she saw it was black with four engines attached to its main booster, she knew it was Umbra. With magnification she noticed that the Divine Will had already repaired the hole the Umbra had made in its hull. "Deny," she said. "Alert me if the Divine Will starts to shift to darkspace, or some other strange readings come from it. Otherwise, do not engage."
The technician responded, but Claudia didn't hear for her mind was already elsewhere. The Aurelius managed to dodge a shot from the Divine Will right before it became visible, but sensors recorded another fluctuation in space-time. She followed their trajectory and found her cameras focused on the red dwarf that served as the backdrop to their battle. It seemed like it dimmed. She measured its luminosity. Sure enough, it wasn't as bright as it was moments before. The subtle changes grew more pronounced. In seconds, the displays had to compensate as the star went dark. 
Cracks appeared on the star's darkened surface. The cracks lengthened and shot across from pole to pole, as if dividing the land into countries. Piece by piece, chunks were pulled into the center of the star. Through the gaps, Claudia saw what had happened.
Its core was replaced by the cluster of black holes the Divine Will had shot from its singularity cannon, forcing the star into an untimely end. The outer shell of the star completely disappeared and the remaining mass collapsed and shrunk into an infinitesimally small point. 
All that remained of the star were bits of it spinning in the accretion disc. What replaced it was a black hole. It grew, feeding on the mass of the star and the ship debris that littered its surroundings.
After it had been disabled, the Pinewell had drifted closer to the red dwarf in an attempt to camouflage itself behind the emissions the star had given off. It was now being sucked into the black hole, growing shades redder as it approached the last rings of light that circled the void. Claudia watched the image of the ship freeze as it hit the event horizon; the Pinewell seemed frozen in time, stretched and distorted, but she knew what happened. Though the light couldn't make it back to the cameras, the ship had already been drawn into the singularity and was crushed into oblivion. She raised a silent salute for the fallen. But as she checked the battle log, she realized that the Pinewell still had its darkspace engine when it entered. Its density would be enough-
"Ma'am, gravity field has amplified," a technician reported.
"Channel all remaining energy to thrusters," she said. "Spread as fleetwide command. Escape is the first priority." 
She was glad her features were expressionless, or the bridge would've seen the combination of envy, disappointment, and anger that she felt as she gazed at Sanctuary. Her prize was so close, within firing distance, yet the continued existence of the Einhart depended on how fast they could escape.
The throneworld began moving as well. One half of the disc lit up in blue as its side thrusters fired. Yet it too had trouble escaping the pull of the black hole and could only maintain its position.
Simmons pored over charts. "High Adjudicant, even with the power from our remaining darkspace engines, we won't be able to outrun the gravitational field of the black hole. We might have the speed, but shifting to darkspace isn't possible as we'd be forced to go through the black hole. Our linked darkspace engines would be consumed."
Claudia thought of her options. There was always a way out, always a solution. If there wasn't a solution then it wasn't a problem. She considered countless permutations in her mind and proposed them to the AIs. But the three AIs turned their backs to her, telling her that her solutions wouldn't work.
She continued thinking, but for every moment she did the darkness grew closer.

Chapter 42

Ashra respected Alan, so she wanted to listen to him. Her comet had slowed after it left the combat zone, maintaining its position with minute thrusts from its engines. She gently breathed in the recycled air. She was so still, one might have mistaken her for being asleep.
But she was awake, gazing at her Empyrean filled with debris, more debris than she had ever seen. They were once stars, but many had been shattered. Their dust filled her sky. 
The perpetuals had changed as well. The blue one dimmed and disappeared, leaving another hole in the center of her sky. The purple one grew brighter, so bright it was difficult to look at. There were strange forms on Sanctuary, ones that seemed similar to those on Phalos; two stars forced to merge with one another. She had plucked one of these stars out of the Empyrean, one like the Maiden Orana, but when she held it to her eye she could see nothing.
When she put it back in the sky, she noticed something else. The light of the stars all bent towards a single point in space, as if being pulled towards it. The light pooled around a black disk that swirled with many colors. 
She had never seen such an object in the Empyrean before. When she tried to move it, to gain a closer look at it, it wouldn't budge, much like a perpetual. With her feet in the water, she put both hands around that spot of darkness and pulled, but it was stuck in place. Yet she felt the stars even as they were absorbed into the darkness. She knew she could harness them and grow them into something else.
The remnants of war spiraled into the black hole and were devoured. Even some stars that were whole and healthy were eaten, and brief glimpses showed that they were mostly people that belonged to the Einhart.
She thought back to her time with them. What had the Einhart done for her? They had captured her, imprisoned her and ordered her execution. She owed them nothing. But Alan was an Einhart, and he had become dear to her. Even though he didn't need to, he had protected her when she was defenseless. He had spoken for her when she had no voice of her own. And he had given her a choice, while others had already set out the path she was to follow.
Because he was Einhart, and they were his family, she would do what she could. She offered a silent apology to Alan. She hoped he would forgive her for participating.
She gathered the stardust to herself, forming it into a spherical lump in her hands. There was so much material to work with, more than she had ever seen, but she had a feeling she would need it all. She threw the seed into the black hole and added more and more to it, flinging bits and pieces of glowing star bits with flicks of her wrist. She felt it settle within the black hole and mix with the seed already inside. And then she danced.

Chapter 43

A wave of gravity pulsed from the black hole, and the integration chamber could take no more. The tube collapsed in a spray of glass and a flood of cold water. Claudia lost her connection to the ship and her avatar disappeared from its dais on the bridge.
She regained control of her body, one nerve at a time. She spit out the fluid and shook her limbs, as if they had fallen asleep. Her attendants came forward with a dark green cape and draped it over her nude body. One attendant pulled her hair back and tied it into a braid, while another held a com set in both hands. Claudia took the offered com with shaking fingers and clumsily stuffed it into her ear.
She would command from the bridge. The crew hastily swept away the glass and water as she slowly got up and walked on bare feet. "Report," she said. Though her voice was quiet from lack of use, everyone heard it.
"Fluctuations within the black hole, ma'am. Zeroth radiation levels have increased. A subsignature of delta waves also detected."
"Delta waves?"
"Yes, ma'am."
The starfield tilted as the pull of the black hole became stronger. "Bring remaining cameras as close to the event horizon as possible. Show me what's happening."
The black hole appeared on the viewscreen. The final moments of the Pinewell were still displayed, grotesquely elongated as the light stretched across the dark canvas. Zeroth radiation shot forth from the center of the sphere, visible only to the sensors and instruments. But there was something else there, white light that poked out of the darkness. Claudia knew that physically it was impossible for anything to escape that hole. Yet, there it stood, like a branch above the sea, waving in the wind. The edges of it cracked under the gravitational forces, and the twigs at the end snapped off, leaving behind inky trails of energy that spiraled back into the hole. The branch was swallowed.
But from the pool of the void, another light emerged, one that took a different form. It was just a thin sprout, but its roots were deep, surrounding the singularity and drawing upon the dense mass there. The sprout turned into two small leaves attached to a thin stalk.
"Zeroth radiation has completely vanished, ma'am," the technician said. "It seems like it's been replaced by delta waves. The waves are coalescing, almost like they're feeding off of the black hole."
The leaves turned into branches. What was once a seed was now a sapling. The black hole diminished as the plant grew larger, the hole's darkness absorbed into its roots. The darkness pulsed up the length of the trunk, sometimes spilling out, as if it were too much for the tree to contain. But the drasil held firm, and with every branch, bud, and leaf made of light, the darkness receded.
The light became a tree. The flowers on the drasil's branches bloomed. Pollen made of light drifted as if blown by a breeze.
"Ma'am, we have enough thrust to counter the black hole's gravity."
"Return us to our position over Sanctuary," she said.
For an instant the tree was complete, as if it grew out of a mound of soil. A moment later, the black hole completely disappeared. The roots of the drasil were in full view, compressed into a fibrous ball. 
Then the tree and all of its parts disappeared. It left no trace that it had ever existed, except for the faint scent of flowers in the minds of everyone who saw it.
The crippled Aurelius crawled through space with fewer than half of its original engines. The Divine Will was silent and floated above Sanctuary. The clouds around the throneworld itself had cleared, allowing the Einhart their first glimpse of the entire disk.
Claudia's eyes focused on only one point. Atop the highest tower of the palace floated a purple and blue jewel, larger than the size of a man. It was covered in a layer of frost and a ring of ice rotated underneath it. Ice fell off the jewel, sparkling like diamonds, as something within the jewel stirred.
She considered her options. There were two other ships remaining, but they were also crippled and wouldn't be able to fight. The Aurelius had exhausted its full complement of missiles in the attack on the throneworld. She was sure Sanctum reinforcements would arrive soon, and hers were still in transit. She didn't know if the Divine Will was still a threat. It had stopped moving shortly after the Umbra crashed into it, but she could never be sure of Seth's plans. Though, she could possibly still use it. An idea came to mind.
"What's the status of the sentries?" she asked.
"Still functional and secure in the upper bay, ma'am," a monitor responded.
"Target the Divine Will and deploy."
"Are we bringing it aboard the ship?" he asked with a hint of concern in his voice.
"No. After the Divine Will is secured inside their field, point the sentries' thrusters towards Sanctuary. Our target is that," she said, marking the blue jewel that crowned the citadel. It had lost another layer of ice.
She held the cape to cover her mouth so no one else would hear. "Alan, are you there?"

***

Alan kept a hand pressed on Argus's wound. The large man groaned weakly. Alan sighed in relief, knowing his teammate was alive. "Hang on, Aki's gone to get some medicine. Some of her homebrew," he said, smiling. With barely any power left in the Umbra, the medbed was nothing more than a futon on the ground and wouldn't be of use. Even with their combined strength, he wasn't sure he and Aki could lift him up. Dragging him onto the ship wasn't an option.
His com crackled. "Alan, are you there?" It was Claudia.
"Still alive," he responded.
"Status."
"Seth is dead, blown out of the ship. We have wounded and could use some help-"
"We can't send help," she said, cutting him off. "Get off the Divine Will as soon as you can. I'm sending it back to Sanctuary."
"Argus is about to die, and the Umbra," he said, looking at the heap of wreckage, "isn't in flying condition." In addition to the lives of the members of his team, he remembered the promise he made to Ashra.
"Many people have died today," Claudia responded. "We can destroy the emperor now, while he's still in cocoon, and their sacrifice won't have been in vain."
Alan scowled. "Don't talk to me like a politician," he said angrily. "If you're going to send us to our deaths just say it."
"Enough!" Though it was a whisper, her message was clear. "I make decisions that kill the people that have entrusted their lives to me. You are a Second Medium, but this is something greater than you or me. If he dies, the empire will be without its head and we'll have peace and freedom. I'm telling you to get off that ship in any way possible, and I hope you make it. If you and survive and we are unable to kill the emperor from orbit, take him out from the ground. You have your orders." The com went silent.
Aki came back with a towel in hand. A belt with a row of vials was tied around her waist. She picked out four and laid them side by side; each one was filled with a different colored powder. She took pinches of one, a handful of another and mixed them all in a collapsible bowl with two fingers. After adding a dab of water, she had a thick paste whose smell and color reminded Alan of old moss near a waterfall. She put her hand under Alan's and gently pushed it aside. As soon as she did blood flowed from Argus's stomach. She smeared the poultice over the wound and crammed more of it inside. As she stuck her fingers in, Argus awoke with a howl. Without hesitation, she stuffed the towel into his mouth. As she worked, she asked Alan, "What did she say?"
"We're going to Sanctuary," Alan said.
"On what?" She packed her mixture of herbs in and sprayed the area with an atomizer. A clear, elastic layer of temporary skin held the wound closed. She put her hands under Argus's back and Argus obliged by rolling over, grimacing as he turned. She started working on the other side of the wound. Though the pain was almost enough to knock him out again, Argus didn't complain.
"On this," Alan responded. "We're going down with the ship."
Aki nodded and finished her ministrations by inserting a needle into a vein that jumped out of Argus's forearm. As the syringe emptied, Argus felt the pain diminish until it was only a dull ache. "This will keep you awake," she said, "but not for long. We'll need to get you proper treatment before your guts fall out."
"Thanks," he grunted. He slowly got to his knees, then onto his feet with Alan and Aki's help.
Alan looked at both of them. "Claudia is going to send this ship crashing to Sanctuary in the hopes of killing the emperor. We don't want to be here when that happens."
They looked at each other as the Divine Will shuddered and began its accelerated descent.

Chapter 44

Claudia watched as the sentries guided the Divine Will towards the throneworld. Though the shields on Sanctuary were up, perhaps they would allow one of their own ships through. She thought of Alan and his team on that ship, hurtling towards the top of the palace. She hoped they would live.
The Divine Will passed through the shields unimpeded. The five sentries that boosted the ship towards their target were destroyed and made purple shimmers across the barrier. But the prince's ship continued along its trajectory, its hull turning bright orange as it entered the atmosphere.
The jewel stirred. The last of the ice fell away and its membrane became translucent, illuminating the form of a man underneath it.
Just before the Divine Will was about to impact, Claudia thought she saw something slip out of its hull and disappear into the forest below. She looked back to the top of the citadel. The cocoon split. A second later, she only saw fire and smoke as the Divine Will crashed into the top of the citadel.
The gray smoke disappeared and was replaced by white steam, covering everything in a thick mist. When it cleared, the Divine Will, though burnt and melted at the edges, was still whole. The citadel still stood, hidden behind a wall of ice. The ice stretched past the width of the ship, blocking her view with its glassy surface.
"Switch cameras," she said.
The view from another camera was displayed.
From the waist down, the emperor was clad in a long length of blue silk that deepened to purple near the tip. It was much longer than he was tall, for his feet did not touch the ground. His torso and arms were exposed; their only covering was the ribbon of silk that wound its way behind his neck and under his arms and drifted out behind him, riding on the air. His shoulders and chest had the toned musculature of a young man. The emperor's face showed no signs of age and many would have confused him to be the same age as the First Prince. It was only through his eyes, with their fathomless depths of experience, of lifetimes lived and ended, of endless cunning, that one knew that the emperor was not what he appeared to be.
The ambassadors trapped on Sanctuary would say that he looked the same as before the merge. The emperor had wanted nothing of the Erudite except for the trait the Galean ruling line was gifted with. Once he had it, he discarded the rest. It fell, along with the rest of the cocoon, in a shattered heap of colored ice that was blown off the top of the citadel.
The emperor looked straight into the camera, as if he knew that Claudia and the rest of the Einhart were watching him. He put his hands in front of his chest. A snowflake appeared between his palms, small and spiky, nothing more than a sparkle in the light. Blue light swirled around the flake, increasing in intensity as he wove his hands around it. The light formed itself into a ball, the layers of a blizzard contained between his fingers. With a wave of his arm, he directed the great part of his accumulated energy in a cold burst that radiated outward.
The Divine Will, suspended in a glacier, sped upwards, propelled by a column of ice. Waves of frozen water emerged from the pillar and sunk back down into it. The ice waves gained speed as they entered the colder air, bearing the weight of the ship as if it were nothing but a fish in the ocean. 
Claudia saw the ship speeding back towards them. "Hard to starboard!" she said, but the Aurelius was too slow. The Divine Will crashed into the shields of the flagship and shattered into countless icicles. As the shields dissipated from the impact, the icicles continued with their momentum. They pierced the hull and plating, and then rained down on the bridge. Three attendants immediately covered the High Adjudicant with their bodies. Icicles laden with bits of shrapnel slammed into them. Claudia felt each of them impact as their bodies shuddered with the hits. Glass shards pierced the light consoles and crew, and only those who threw themselves under the bank of consoles found enough protection.
After a while, the crystalline pinging disappeared. Claudia knew the rain of ice was over when the attendants on top of her stopped moving. Risking a glance, she noticed that the holes the icicles tore through the hull were being patched over by nanomachines. As the bridge repressurized, Claudia pushed the bodies of her attendants off of herself. She walked across the bridge and took note of the damage, avoiding the potholes left in the ground from the icicles. They were quickly melting, leaving bits and pieces of the Divine Will in the puddles they made.
"Gather the wounded and send extra staff to the medbay," she said. The assault on Sanctuary would need to wait.

Chapter 45

The emperor watched as the broken form of the Aurelius retreated. The royal guards awaited his advent as he descended towards the top of the citadel. "Bring me my daughter," he said, in a voice that was as young as his face and body. The guards disappeared from the citadel, each headed towards a squadron of waiting drones.
The emperor's feet alighted upon the ground. His covering hung off of the side of the citadel, fluttering in the blustering winds. He breathed deep the air of Sanctuary, savoring the hint of bitterness that the arboreals gave off. This was a fitting start to his return, he thought. He mourned his son, the First Prince, for a moment. But it was Seth's own hubris that brought about his downfall, and as the emperor descended into the palace and heard reports of all that had transpired in his absence, he could not help but feel his son had deserved the fate he had earned. More than anything, the emperor was curious. Who had the ability to destroy both the Divine Will and his son in one short battle? He would find this person and see what made them so special.

***

"Hold on!" Alan said. The three gripped the edges of the Umbra, which was half the ship it was before. As the Divine Will returned to Sanctuary as a flaming wreck, the front half of the Umbra slid out, followed by another half that had separated during the violent shift back to normal space. He watched as the four engines, untethered, tumbled ahead of them into the forests below. Aki grabbed on tight, but Argus looked as if he would lose the contents of his stomach, or that his stomach itself would be lost through the barely-sealed hole in his midsection. Alan knew that even if they survived this fall, Argus wouldn't be in any shape to fight for much longer.
Alan liked the feeling of zero gravity, of his boots lifting up from the ground unbidden. As he floated in freefall, he looked up at the sky of Sanctuary, a dazzling blue despite there being no sun nearby. But his appreciation would need to wait. The ground was coming up quickly to meet them, and he didn't know how well the trees could support the falling tons of half a spaceship. It wasn't just the ground; the trees seemed to want to greet them as well. He thought his eyes deceived him, but with a closer look, he saw the trees straining towards the motion and sound, as if the falling ship was the sunlight their leaves needed. Between their branches he glimpsed rows of gnashing teeth.
The Umbra crashed into the treetops, breaking branches and trunks. Alan slammed against the wall of the ship, breaking his hold. He lost sight of his teammates and tumbled out. The world was a blur until something rough and hard broke his fall. He oriented himself and found whatever it was beneath him was moving, tilting up behind him. 
When he opened his eyes, he knew he had fallen on a branch of one of the trees. The branch was lifting up, forcing him towards its center. As he looked below, he found teeth about to clamp down on his feet. Throwing himself off the edge of the branch, he windmilled his arms before he finally fell to the ground. He landed on his back, knocking the breath out of him. Aki materialized on a pile of fallen leaves nearby and pulled him to his feet. Branches snaked out from the underbrush, trying to tangle and trip their feet. Aki was faster and led the way. While she gracefully vaulted over any boughs, Alan stumbled and plowed his way through the vines and wood. As he broke a stick between his fists, he asked, "Where's Argus?"
She tilted her head towards the edge of the forest. Alan heard pounding on the ground. He heard rhythmic footfalls that shook the trees nearby, accompanied by branches being reduced to pulp. When they emerged at the edge of the forest, Alan sighed in relief when he saw the big man panting and pressing a hand to his side.
"There are many routes, but the destination is the same," Argus said.
"Your wound?" Aki asked.
Argus removed his hand and it was stained with fresh blood. "It seems like I might've overdone it. It's funny, I didn't feel anything."
"It's not funny," she said. "Your senses are heightened and the pain is blocked, but the body isn't designed to be pushed so far. You'll collapse from exhaustion."
"Until then, we have more we need to do," Argus said. The three of them faced the trees and backed onto the white stone that made up the outer courtyard of the palace. As they retreated, the stone cracked as roots shifted underneath the tiles, pulling the trees nearer. 
The trees closest to them bent down. Their limbs arched towards them and shook with anticipation. The jaws at the top of their trunks were covered in a layer of mucous. Alan walked backwards, keeping his gun trained on the swaying branches. His ammo was limited and he didn't know if bullets would stop them. Deciding to try, he fired a pair of shots at the nearest tree. With the exception of some stripped bark, nothing else happened. It kept coming closer.
They continued retreating step by step until their backs were pressed up against the walls of the palace. The smooth alabaster offered no escape. A heavy blast door separated them from the inside of the palace, but no matter how hard Aki searched, she couldn't find an access panel.
The trees came closer, their branches whipping about. Argus snapped off a branch as it lunged forward, but for every branch he destroyed another came to take its place. Aki had unsheathed kujiki and started sliced with furious effort.
Above the trees, Alan's gaze was drawn to the single comet that was entering the atmosphere. It was escorted by five Sanctum drones and two manned fighters. 
Why, he thought, why couldn't they let her go? His anger and despair radiated from his mind. A voice responded.
<Alan?>
<Ashra,> he thought, <Is that you? Did they bring you to Sanctuary?>
<I'll answer you in a moment. Are you surrounded right now?> she asked.
<Yes. How'd you know?>
<Those trees, they talk to me. They call themselves arboreals and they're originally from Phalos. But more than anything, they're hungry.>
<That's good to know,> he said as he swatted away a branch. <How do I kill them?>
<You won't need to. I have spoken to the first cutting. He is old, but he understands.>
As she spoke, the roots stopped their forward march. Reluctantly, they returned the way they came. As they withdrew to the forest, the floor of the courtyard began to repair itself. The stone tiles, cracked and split by the roots, returned to their original positions. The seams between the stones grew faint until they disappeared. It was as if the tiles had never been disturbed. Alan wondered how many times it had happened before, when people tried to leave or enter the palace.
The arboreals were back in the dirt. They steadied their roots, brought their trunks to the sky and closed their mouths. Argus, covered in scratches, looked questioningly at Alan, but he only shook his head, equally confused, and pointed to the squadron of fighters coming down.
<Where are they taking you? Have they harmed you?> Alan asked.
<No,> she said. He felt her detach from his mind, and a moment later a drasil appeared in the sky in front of her escorts. Ashra's comet sped through a small hole in the nest of branches. The other drones and fighters crashed into the tangle of growth and were reduced to nothing. <And they won't,> she finished.
<Come to our position, we'll keep you safe,> he said. He turned to Argus. "Guide her." Argus kept his eyes glued to the comet as it came down. He felt another presence in his mind share his eyes. In response, the comet adjusted its course so that it came straight for them.
<You'll want to slow down now, Ashra,> Alan said, but the comet's speed didn't change.
<You only told me how to steer. Not how to brake,> she said.
<Point taken. Pull up on both thruster handles.>
<I am.>
Alan realized some part of the comet must've shorted out during the entry to Sanctuary. <Brace for impact,> he told her. <Keep your head on the rest and your knees loose.> 
The three on the ground ran back towards the forest as the comet streaked towards them. It landed with a crash and a shower of dirt, throwing tiles and debris into the air.
When the dust settled, the front of the comet popped off. Alan rushed forward to extract Ashra. But when he arrived, she had already broken free of the inflated cushions and hopped to the ground. As soon as he saw her, he lifted her up and hugged her.
"Why did you wait till now to break free? Why did you let them capture you?" he asked.
<I felt you down here, and I thought you may have needed my help,> she said. 
He hugged her tighter. "You shouldn't have come," he said, squeezing her close. "But I'm glad you did." Alan felt her white hair tickle his face. He breathed in that faint scent of drasil flowers that perfumed her skin. Though her arms couldn't reach around his shoulders, she returned the embrace.
After what seemed like an eternity, he put her down. "What do you see?" he asked.
She closed her eyes and cast about the Empyrean. <I have never been here before, but it seems familiar. This place, Sanctuary?it seems to know who I am.> She walked towards the blast doors that had blocked their ingress earlier. The white tiles matched the color of her hair and skin. As she approached, an array of blue lights scanned her, running over her face and white dress. A moment later, the doors separated with a hiss. They were buffeted by the scent of age, of objects and knowledge taken from cultures long forgotten. The scent was replaced by clean, ionized air as the doors fully opened.
Ashra didn't hesitate and stepped inside. The four entered the palace and the doors closed behind them. 
They found themselves in a warehouse. Harsh light came down from above, illuminating the wide space. Its tall ceiling and clean lines stood out in sharp contrast to the rock of the exterior. Boxes of goods brought in from the farthest reaches of the empire were stacked in neat rows. Some were still on their carts, hovering above the ground, while others were organized against the wall. 
Alan heard an electric charge. "Down!" he said. A second later, the box closest to him was split open by a burst of plasma. Cracked and melted bottles tumbled out and shattered on the ground, covering the floor with a blue liquid. 
Argus pushed Ashra behind him and crouched behind a box. He was afraid to draw attention to himself and the princess. Even if he could shoot, he wasn't sure if he could keep his aim steady.
Alan took cover behind another crate and fired at where the plasma came from. He emptied his clip, but the royal guards, handpicked from the best of the Sanctum troops, were cautious and fast. He ducked behind a set of boxes as plasma bolts sped overhead. "I'm out," he said, ejecting the clip and placing it on the ground. As he was searching for a spare clip, a gun slid next to his thigh. He looked up. Argus had given him his own. 
The big man didn't look well. His face was pale and he took shallow breaths. The medicine Aki had given him would keep him standing, but his body couldn't sustain itself for much longer. They needed to get him help. He called back to them. "Ashra, is there any kind of medical facility here?" Alan asked.
She looked through as many stars as she could, but found none. <None that I can see.>
"Damn it. What if any of the royals get hurt?" he asked.
<I believe the royals heal without the help of technology,> she said.
Alan sighed. He could continue the mission. He could seek out the emperor with his team, but Argus would never make it. 
"Alan, you don't have to worry about me," Argus said, as if reading his thoughts. "Seth is dead and my duty to the Erudite is over. I will fight until my last breath, as I promised. Time is short. We must go on." He coughed as he spoke, and then winced as the pain followed.
"Quiet. You vowed to give me your life, and I won't let you off so easily," Alan said. He turned to Ashra. "Tell me where the nearest launch bay is."
Her eyes moved under her eyelids as she searched. <There, that way.> She pointed to a door across the room. Alan followed her finger. They would have to cross a stretch of the warehouse to get there.
Grabbing a cart, he motioned for the others to follow. Aki got behind him. Argus led the princess behind him in a cart of their own. They made their way forward step by step. 
The carts wobbled and boxes exploded around them. Aki fired over the top of the boxes to cause a distraction. Her shots were wide, but the bullets provided them with the cover they needed to get across. Alan was splattered with some kind of wine and Argus was covered with bits of ceramic and plaster by the time they reached the other side. 
As before, the door opened when Ashra approached. Alan waved them all through, barely making it as it sealed shut behind him.
The bright lighting became dim. The concrete floor was replaced by marble with gray and white striations, so polished that it reflected the images of nature painted onto the ceiling high above them. It reminded Argus a little of the Erudite's temple on Galea. But there was no time to appreciate the beauty of the palace.
They moved quickly. The hard floor didn't absorb any sound; Alan worried that their footsteps would be heard. When they came to a fork, Ashra took them down the left hallway, towards the center of the palace and the citadel tower. "Are you sure this is the way?" Alan asked.
<Yes. We're close,> she said. 
After another set of doors, they entered the dock. The ships were unlike anything Alan had ever seen before, and he guessed that this was the dock the royals used to leave Sanctuary. Each ship was different, built unlike any of the known Sanctum fighters. They were small, designed for the comfort of their passengers, but they also bristled with heavy artillery and thick plating. Alan walked past one after the other, not knowing which one to pick, and whether or not he would be able to operate it.
Aki paused when they came across a fighter they had seen before. It was black, with flared wings and a cockpit made of overlapping layers of glass. She recalled seeing it in the clouds, when there was fire on the ground. She had seen it on Galea. Could it be? She put the thought out of her mind. Getting Argus to the Aurelius was their first priority.
Alan decided on a ship with its door open. It looked promising, with a small body and three fins that arched towards the front of the ship. Unlike the Umbra, the fins weren't tethered to the ship in any way; they simply floated in formation around the fuselage.
"Argus, Ashra," he said, "get in."
<Why am I going?> she asked. <I came to confront my father, and he is here.>
Alan was prepared for her question. "One," he said, "I have a feeling that the ship won't work unless you're in it, like those doors. Two, Argus is about to die. I know how much you want to face your father, but Argus's life is at stake. Make sure he gets to the Aurelius in one piece. I need you. He needs you."
No one had ever said that to her before, she thought. No one had ever said she was needed. <His life is more important than my vendetta,> she said.
He knelt and hugged her. "Thank you," he said. "Your contact will be Bri, if she's still alive. She looks like this," he said. From his wrist, he brought up an image of the woman, sitting at her console controlling the gates. Through Argus, Ashra saw her. "Can you find her?"
Ashra searched in the Empyrean. <I see her star,> she said.
"Good. She'll guide you in and take care of you. Stay on this ship after you arrive and don't let anyone else know you're coming."
Ashra stepped into the ship. As Alan guessed, light consoles appeared when she sat down and placed her hands upon the dashboard.
Argus was about to board. With his feet on the walkway, he wrapped his arms around Alan. 

"Nights and days shall pass,
the stars will wheel into eternity.
But your moment of kindness,
can only be repaid
with a lifetime of gratitude."

Bending his head down, he kissed Alan on the forehead. Alan didn't resist. The act was filled with love, and when Argus let him go, Alan knew how deeply he had earned the big man's devotion.
"Go now," Alan said.
Argus climbed into the other seat and started the activation routine for the craft. The ship's door slid into place and sealed with a hiss. The three fins that swept over the ship started to rotate, generating blue thrust along their lateral edges.
Alan felt a tingle in his mind. <The throne is not far,> Ashra said. <I can sense his presence; it's brighter than anything I have ever seen before. You shall need to fight through many, but you will have help. The haga half of the arboreals want nothing more than to exercise their animal side, and the controls the empire engineered into them weren't hard to undo.>
The fins were rotating so quickly that it looked like a blue cone was behind the ship. Argus toggled a switch and a gate opened at the end of the launch bay. The ship taxied out into the sunlight, where a ramp stood raised and waiting. Argus parked the ship at the bottom. 
An electric current ran through the ramp rails. The charge built up, crackling around the ship. With one burst, the charge released, filling the air with the scent of ozone. The ship accelerated up the ramp and was launched into the sky. 
Alan watched it disappear. The gate closed, returning the launch bay to darkness. He accessed his com, hoping the Aurelius was close enough. "Bri, are you there?" he said. "Bri, come in."
He waited, standing next to Aki as she prepared her gear.
A voice came through the other end. "Alan? Is that you?"
"It is, Bri."
"You're alive!" Her voice dropped to a whisper. "When the High Adjudicant gave the order, I didn't know what would happen-"
"We're fine, and I'm glad you are too. Listen Bri, there's a Sanctum ship approaching the Aurelius. It's a friendly and has one of my men inside. When it arrives, let it in and have a medbed ready; he's suffered severe trauma and blood loss." He kept Ashra a secret. "Send a pair of medics to retrieve my team member and no one else. The ship is off limits, by order of the Second Medium, until I return. Finally, keep on the lookout for any signals from the ship; it may try to connect with you through your mind. Some strange Sanctum technology. Feel it, allow it. Second medium out." With these cryptic words, he closed the line. 
Aki tapped him on the shoulder. "Look there," she said. The gate at the end of the launch bay was being pried open. A shaft of sunlight broke through as the two halves of the door were being pulled apart. He heard it first, the sound of rustling leaves, of branches that creaked and moaned in the wind. Except there was no breeze; they moved of their own accord, willed to life by the haga inside them.
With a groan, the gate was pulled apart by grappling roots and then ripped from the wall. The arboreals crossed over the threshold, covering the ground with surprising speed. Their roots had broken free of the soil and squirmed across the floor of the launch bay, pulling the trees closer to the center of the palace. Aki kept her gun aimed at them, but they passed by as if the two weren't there.
Alan heard discharging plasma from behind another door. It seemed like the arboreals had found more than one way in. Alan and Aki went towards the noise, towards the citadel where the emperor sat overlooking the empire.

Chapter 46

<I know it's hard, but please keep your eyes open,> Ashra said.
Argus had his hands in the light console, making adjustments to maintain their trajectory. The Aurelius wasn't far, yet to him, time seemed to slow and stretch. He focused all of his remaining energy on getting this ship to the Aurelius.
The capital ship came into view. He could begin to make out the portions that had been cleaved off, but then his eyelids started to droop. He was jolted awake when the ship suddenly lurched to the side. 
Aki's medicine had worn off. As he was overtaken with drowsiness, he closed his eyes. Ashra saw her one window to the outside world close as well.
<Argus?> she said. She unstrapped herself from her seat. Squeezing into the gap between Argus and the console, she moved a hand to his neck. It was there. Faint, but there. His pulse was alive under her fingers. <Forgive me,> she said. Placing her thumbs on his eyelids, she pulled them up. It was blurry, but through his eyes she could see again.
She sent another part of her mind to the Aurelius, casting about for the woman Alan had mentioned. She found her monitoring the surrounding space.
<Bri.> The voice was a whisper in the woman's mind. Bri shook her head with a start. <Bri,> the voice said again. This time she listened. Was this what Alan mentioned? The voice continued, <This is the ship from Sanctuary, with Argus Volgren on board. He needs help. Where should I dock?>
Though Bri was shaken by the sudden voice in her head, her training took over. She directed her transmission at the incoming ship. "Standby," she said. The others gave her funny looks as she talked to herself. She searched for a bay that was still intact. "Dock B, space 17 has been cleared of debris. Our tractors would normally guide you in, but they were destroyed. You'll have to bring the ship in manually." She toggled a switch on her console. "The docking bay should be lit up. Follow the green landing lights and land there. Medics are standing by."
<Ah.> Ashra only had one pair of hands. Taking in one last fuzzy glimpse of the light on the side of the Aurelius, she removed her hands and Argus's eyelids closed. The world went dark. She felt her way down along his arm. When she reached his hands, she nudged them aside, out of the light console. The ship veered to the side as she stuck her hands in his place. She wiggled her fingers and the ship tilted in response, still traveling forward. <Bri, please keep your eyes glued to the screen and don't look away.>
Bri didn't understand the request, but she agreed. She suddenly felt drowsy, as if her mind were numbed.
Ashra looked through Bri's eyes. Using the view on Bri's screen, Ashra made sense of her own trajectory. The only remaining cameras she could access were mounted flush with the side of the Aurelius, making it difficult to recognize the edges of the docking bay. Ashra brought her wrists down, as she had seen Alan do before. The ship slowed, but her view of herself was about to be eclipsed by the side of the flagship. She tightened her body and braced for impact. The ship sailed towards the docking bay, and she was blind. She kept her hands as still as possible, but the rest of her body was tense and rigid.
She heard a loud screech and felt the ship shudder as it scraped the side of the docking bay, but they were still moving forward. They had made it.
Now inside, she sought another pair of eyes. The medics were tense, ready to pick up the wounded. What they didn't expect was a Sanctum ship piloted by a blind girl careening towards them. They dove out of the way as it approached.
The bottom of the ship slammed against the floor. The sound of metal against metal echoed throughout the bay. Ashra pulled her hands back and the ship bounced up. With the moment of vision she borrowed from the medic, she estimated her distance to the ground.
The ship detected the docking bay floor and three landing struts came out. With a pounded fist, Ashra brought the ship down. It landed on two struts; the other half was still in the air. After a moment, the Aurelius's gravity pulled the ship down. It fell on all the struts with a crash.
The ship hatch opened and the medics rushed in. They first came across a girl with white hair. One of them stopped to ask if she was hurt. She shook her head and pointed to the cockpit, where, judging by his size, a Galean lay unconscious. They strained to get him out of the chair. Once they did, the medbed scooped him up and took care of the rest. They whisked him away to the medical bay.
Alone, Ashra sat in the cockpit and took a deep breath. Despite everything that stood in her way, she had survived, and Argus would too. For the first time, she wasn't a force of destruction. She was a person that put the needs of others before herself. When she realized this, she thanked Alan for all that he taught her. She thanked him for the knowledge that she wasn't damned to be a princess of the empire or even the Priestess of Phalos. These were nothing more than titles that weighed upon her. She would always have them, but she would live her life the way she saw fit, helping others avoid the suffering she had endured.
She cast about the Empyrean, examining the stars still on Sanctuary. There were others that needed her help.

Chapter 47

Alan popped his head out, missed a couple of swinging branches, then ducked back in. "A full squad of soldiers, but they have their hands full. Those arboreals are fast, considering they're trees and all."
"What's our approach?" Aki asked. She inserted a spare magazine into the belt around her waist and shook her shoulders, feeling the weight of kujiki on her back. She tossed another magazine to Alan.
He caught it and said, "We can go in behind the cover of the arboreals as they make their way forward. Shoot in between the branches and advance towards the citadel. But, they might become hostile if we miss and singe a branch."
"They passed us earlier without issue, but I wouldn't want to attract their attention," she said, chambering a cartridge. "Any other ideas?"
"Nope."
"Sounds good."
"On three?"
"Always."
"One. Tw-" Alan's count was interrupted by shouts down the hall. His eyebrows furrowed and he took another look. 
The Sanctum guards had disappeared; there was no trace of them anymore. His eyes narrowed and he walked out with his gun ready. Aki followed close behind. To their left, the main entrance to the palace was wide open; the heavy doors made from dead arboreals were pulverized, lying in splinters on the floor. Colored light streamed in from high up the walls; stained glass scattered rainbows on the floor. Alan and Aki made their way across the grand foyer, stepping on scenes from the empire's conquest depicted in tile. The crest of the Sanctum, a diamond with a line through it, stood in relief against the ground.
As they went further, Alan learned what had happened to the Sanctum guards. Shreds of bloody cloth littered the floor. Arboreals that were milling around had some of the same cloth hanging from their mouths. Even after the bark closed over their teeth, the vestiges of the guards' uniforms served as a grim reminder of what the arboreals could do.
The pair cautiously stepped around them as they left the foyer and entered the citadel. The air was instantly cooler. Alan could see his breath as he walked around the base of the tower, his footsteps echoing throughout. The walls were made of roughhewn stone covered in a layer of frost. He put his fingers to it and felt it melt under his touch. Perhaps the arboreals did not come further because of how cold it was. Far above him at the top of the citadel shone a mote of light, like a beacon to guide the lost.
"How do we go up?" he asked. There wasn't any mechanism that led to the top, no lift he could see.
Aki made a similar circle around the perimeter. As she approached the center, a span of golden light shot up from the ground, originating from the middle of another Sanctum emblem. The light was concentrated and bound on its edges; it was a flat and narrow sheet that reached as far up as she could see. Small fluctuations in the light density created swirling patterns within the sheet, making it feel organic and alive. She put the edge of her gun against the light. It stopped as if she pressed it against something solid. "Huh. Hyperdense light."
Alan came over and put his palm against it. His hand was also stopped by the light; it felt like warm glass. It was certainly solid. "Do we climb?" he asked.
She walked around the light. Her finger traced a line across its surface as she considered how it would be used. "Forced to pay respect to the emperor," she said to herself, "they wouldn't climb?no, he wouldn't want their heads up, looking at him. They would walk, facing the light, blinded by it." Instead of her hand, she placed one foot on the light. It stuck to the surface. She put her other foot onto the light and felt as gravity shifted, anchoring her firmly to it. Considering Sanctuary was completely manmade, perhaps the designers had brought their gravity manipulation technology, the same technology used on their ships, to this citadel.
Alan whistled appreciatively as he joined her and felt the gravity shift under his feet. "A light bridge. How grand," he said. He stuck his hand off the side. There was no barrier to protect them from falling.
"It's the same with all monarchs," Aki said. "They always want visitors to keep their heads bowed in reverence. Some achieve it with stairs, but having a bridge without railings is another way to keep people's heads down."
"We'll watch our step, but we need to hurry. I'm afraid of leaving Ashra alone on the Aurelius."
With Aki in the lead, they walked up the light bridge. Alan scanned the walls for traps, but considering the reputation of the emperor, the ruler wouldn't have any need for them. 
Alan didn't know what they were going to do once they got to the top. How could they face the emperor with just the two of them when they could barely manage Seth with three? The emperor's abilities were undocumented since he rarely showed himself, even on the worlds of the empire. He had left his children to do most of the work.
They had made it halfway up the bridge, the spot of light above them getting ever larger, when Aki paused and put her hand behind her. Alan had to stop so quickly that he almost lost his balance. "What is-," but he was interrupted when she held a hand up, asking him to keep silent.
Aki heard it first, the sound of footsteps across the light bridge. The echoes around the citadel made it hard to tell, but it wasn't from behind. No, the sound came from in front of her. A shadow blocked out the light from above. Aki knew that silhouette that looked so much like her own. Without waiting, she brought out her pistol and pulled the trigger.
The shadow drew a blade from its back. The bullet was deflected and fell back to the bottom of the citadel as it left the gravity field of the bridge. Aki realized that Vijera's speed meant that she had recovered from their last meeting on Abyssinia.
Aki fired rounds one after the other as she dashed forward. Alan ran, trying to keep up. She said to Alan behind her, "Vijera is going to open with a straight lunge. I will parry; dodge under it and keep going."
"I'm not going to let you fight her by yourself," Alan countered.
"The bridge is too narrow for three. You'd only get in my way."
"But-"
"This is my fight, Alan. Take care of the emperor and we'll meet at the top when I'm done." She cracked a rare smile.
Alan nodded. The shadow was filled in with color as Vijera approached. Aki saw she was whole again. No burn marks scored her face and her fingers had all grown back. 
Vijera came with a shout. As Aki had expected, she opened the battle with a lunge. Her body shot forward with her arm outstretched, seeking to impale Aki. 
Aki had her hand on kujiki as she ran forward. When Vijera advanced she pulled out the blade and pushed Vijera's attack to the side. 
Alan was close behind. When Aki made the opening, he leapt forward, tucked his body in and rolled past Vijera. Once the pair was behind him he sprang to his feet and continued running.
Vijera snarled when Alan evaded her. She turned around, ready to chase after him, but had to block a blow from Aki that would've severed her head from her body.
"Your fight is with me," Aki said.
"This time," Vijera responded through gritted teeth, "your precious sister won't be able to save you. Father is close. The power he gives me is absolute. Today you die Aki, and when I am merged with your body you can be reunited with your sister."
Aki responded with a kick. Vijera deflected her foot and stepped back, holding murakumo above her head. Aki assumed a similar pose. The two stared each other down.
Aki relied on open space to avoid Vijera's attacks. She knew it wouldn't be possible on this narrow bridge. She shifted her weight onto her front foot and went for a fast kill. 
The frozen garden was a technique she had perfected at the end of her training, a flurry of strikes aimed at vital Meridians across the body, designed to paralyze the limbs. Knowing Vijera, she opened with a feint. Vijera went for the bait, bringing her sword to block the thrust aimed at her chest. But their blades never touched. With a turn of her wrist, Aki changed her grip on the blade and brought it down on Vijera's exposed legs. She slashed through the hamstrings of one leg, then pulled kujiki up and cut through the sinews and tendons of the other. Vijera snarled but still stood.
Aki's next cut was aimed for the underarm, but Vijera wouldn't be brought down so easily. Recovering from the feint, she parried Aki's attack and pushed her away with her fist. Aki lost her footing from the blow and fell with her back on the bridge. She tried to roll to the right to put more distance between herself and Vijera, but her hand was already gripping the edge of the light bridge and there was nowhere to turn. With no choice, she went to the left, scrambling to find any way to get back on her feet. As she completed the roll, she tried to push off the ground, but couldn't. It wasn't only until a moment later that she felt the pain radiate from her right shoulder.
The harmonic blade went cleanly through her shoulder's skin, joint, and then skin again. The lower half of the blade stuck out below the light bridge, disturbing the golden swirls with plumes of red. Aki was immobilized. Even if she could move, she knew her right arm would be useless.
Vijera pulled the blade out and was about to stab it through Aki's chest, but a kick put her off balance. The lady's weakened legs couldn't support the sudden shift in weight and she stumbled backwards. 
Aki reached over and grabbed kujiki with her left hand and planted it into the ground. The sword wobbled as she pushed on it, but she stood up. Her right arm hung limply at her side.
Vijera did the same. The two faced each other as they did before. But Vijera's wounds had already begun to heal; the blood had stopped flowing and the skin was starting to stitch itself together.
It was then that Aki felt it. It wasn't something that could be heard, only felt in her mind. Like the rustling of leaves in the wind, a soft voice said, <I can help. If my father can do it, I can do it. Let me in.>
With Ashra's growing abilities, Aki was sure that the princess could've entered her mind regardless of her training, yet she still asked. If this fight continued the way it did, Aki knew she would lose. She thought of the Auroran secrets she had in her head, then of her sister that she had always loved and wanted to save.
<Come in,> she thought. She didn't know if Ashra could hear her, but her mind was suddenly awash with a new consciousness, as if the world she had been seeing before was only in black and white. The colors were vibrant; her functioning limbs felt refreshed. Even the pain from her shoulder receded.
The greatest benefit was how time seemed to pass slowly. Or perhaps she was faster. She didn't know. She noticed a drop of her blood fall from her fingertips. She stooped down and caught it in her outstretched palm before it landed on the ground.
Through Aki's eyes, Vijera moved as if she was underwater. The flaws in her technique and form couldn't be masked by speed anymore. Because of the lady's hubris, she would never make full use of Rin's training.
Aki dashed forward with her katana in her left hand. Vijera brought her sword up to defend. Aki spotted a gap and aimed for it, shifting herself into a lower stance. Their swords met. With one twist of kujiki, murakumo was swept aside. Aki continued forward, only stopping when her elbow impacted Vijera's chest. She felt the coarse patterning of Vijera's camouflage suit through her arm. She felt the strong pulse of Vijera's blood weaken and slow.
Without looking, she knew her sword had pierced Vijera's heart. With this one thrust, Aki had avenged her sister and Ashra had avenged her mother.
Vijera managed one more laugh. The emperor, feeling his daughter's life coming to an end, withdrew his mind, and with it, the protection and control it offered. Vijera fell to the ground with Aki on top of her.
Unfettered, Rin swept Vijera aside. Within her mind, the trembling child was banished into oblivion, and she retook control of the body, part by part. 
Aki saw the eyes soften. The smile, the one she remembered from Aurora, returned to those lips. She put her hand on the face that was becoming more like the one she remembered with every passing moment. "Honorable sister, it has been too long," she said, in her native Auroran.
"I'm sorry, sister," Rin replied. "I could see everything, but I couldn't stop it. I couldn't stop her from hurting you." Her voice was weak.
"No more talk of the past, Rin. There was, and only ever will be, what we have now." She clasped Rin's hand tightly. "I had hoped, in my heart of hearts, that there might've been a way to save you. To have you back."
Rin chuckled. "The frozen garden almost cost you your life. But I thank you, Akiko, for releasing me."
"As any sister would've done." She smiled, even as the sides of her eyes became moist.
With effort, Rin rolled onto her side and pulled the scabbard off her back, handing it to Aki. She then lifted murakumo and also gave it to her sister, who promptly sheathed it. "Make good use of it," Rin said.
Aki pulled off the harmonic device on the grip and threw it over the side of the bridge. "I will."
"One last thing." Her voice was so faint that Aki had to lower her ear to Rin's lips.
"Anything, Rin."
"Tell me, what were we like?"
Aki smiled at the memories. "We were two sisters playing by a pond," she said. "Two girls finding their place in a world of men, and we found it before they did. We were two agents sent to opposite sides of the galaxy and its conflict, but we always found a way to love each other. To care for each other. To remember where we were and where we'd go. We have seen wonders only a few get to see. We have played a hand in shaping the fate of empires. But in the end, we were two sisters, sitting with our feet in the pond, watching raccoon-dogs splash as they chased dragonflies."
When Aki was finished, Rin's face was wet. It wasn't until Aki wiped the tears away that she realized they were her own, mixing with Rin's blood as they fell. Rin's chest was still and her pulse was silent. She died with a smile. Aki was glad she could give her sister that.
With a sweep of her hand, Aki closed her eyelids. "Goodbye," she whispered. She sat for a moment more next to her sister, when she noticed Ashra's presence was no longer there.
<Ashra?> she thought, but there was no response. She was suddenly lightheaded and had to steady herself with her hand. When she stood up, the throbbing pain returned to her right arm. She had to clutch it tightly to keep the blood from flowing out. The light at the top of the citadel seemed far away.
With murakumo in her hand, Aki's mission was over. She could head back down, find another ship in the spaceport and get off Sanctuary. Her contract with the Einhart came to an end once her business with her sister was finished. But she had only one thought on her mind.
"Alan." She headed up the light bridge as fast as her battered body would let her.

***

Ashra sat alone in the darkness of the ship, but the Empyrean was bright. Aki's mind was unlike any other she had ventured into before. Ashra lent her being, the full power of her mind to the assassin. The princess remained focused as she sat upon the cold floor with her knees tucked underneath. Her senses had become Aki's. The smells of the interior of the ship were replaced by the cold bite of the citadel.
She heard the sound of steel against steel and steel against flesh, so she never noticed the footsteps that entered the ship. When a hand that smelled of ether closed over her nose and mouth, her connection to Aki was broken, the Empyrean went dark, and she slumped over, unconscious. A pair of arms scooped up her and brought her deeper into the Aurelius.

Chapter 48

Alan neared the top of the citadel. With a raised hand, he shielded himself from the light as it grew brighter the higher he went. He swallowed and felt relief as the pressure left his ears.
During his run up, he remembered all the intelligence the Einhart had gathered on the emperor. Because of his constant merges, no one knew what he looked like, or the shape he would take once he left the cocoon.
The worlds the Sanctum Empire sought out were led by strong people. The emperor had consolidated his power base after taking their leaders and demanding tributes, hostages in reality, Alan thought, to prevent uprisings in the new territories.
In the last decade the emperor had not surfaced. But when he had appeared in the past, he would always start with a message, saying he hoped to avoid bloodshed if the target world would join the empire peacefully, for all subjects were important. Some worlds joined without a fight, most didn't. But once the battle began, the emperor would retire from the field and his son, Seth, would command the forces. The Sanctum destroyed most civilizations with their advanced weaponry, military strategy and sheer numbers. Alan's homeworld of Cybele was no different. He felt a pang of sadness and regret, the likes of which he had not felt in a long time.
Alan decided he would need to win by surprise. He hoped the emperor was still weak after his emergence. In preparation, Alan adjusted one of the plasma pistols he had found, channeling its full charge into one shot. The end of the bridge was near and the nebulous light at the top had become a circle. Though it was faint, he could make out the edge of a chamber above it. He crouched down and tightened the muscles in his legs, ready to enter.
He jumped off the end of the light bridge. He immediately felt a weight on his back as the gravity shifted and pulled him towards the ground. While in the air, he caught a glimpse of purple fabric hanging off a crystal throne. He fired. When he hit the ground, the plasma discharge was a bright blue ball that spanned his entire field of vision. He covered his head, expecting an explosion and debris. Instead, the room became covered in steam. Quickly pushing himself up, he got to his feet in the mist. It was so thick he couldn't see his hands in front of him. Stepping to the side to avoid falling into the hole behind him, he replaced the Sanctum weapon with his own, but the sound of the plasma pistol hitting the floor gave away his position. Something hard and cold hit him in the chest. It knocked the wind out of him and forced his back into the wall. Before he could fall to the ground, ice wrapped around his wrists and ankles, shackling him to the stones he was pressed up against. They were cold and sharp, their edges biting into his skin.
The mist started to clear. Stepping over what remained of a wall of ice were two bare feet followed by a train of silk. Though he was older than everyone else, the emperor looked young, with an unlined face and a head full of dark hair. He was lean; muscles rippled underneath his skin as he came closer. Alan thought he recognized some of those features; maybe it was the curve of his cheek or the shape of his nose that reminded him of both Ashra and Seth. The emperor's eyes were the only thing that betrayed his age; they were dark pools that reflected at least a century's worth of knowledge and experience. It seemed as if galaxies swirled behind them.
"So you're the one that's stolen my daughter's love," the emperor said.
Alan struggled against the ice that held him, but with every jerk the cold seemed to spread until he couldn't feel his hands anymore. Yet he didn't fear this man. "I didn't steal anything. She chose herself who to give it to."
The emperor smiled at his response. "Before she met you, I could always feel her presence; I could always see what she was doing, what she was thinking. Now, her mind is closed to me."
"Good for her," Alan said. "Emperor or not, she didn't need a father like you."
"Need? Her needs are no concern of mine. She is my daughter. She was made to serve the empire and to further my cause across the stars."
"Your cause has only brought death to every world you've set foot on."
The emperor looked saddened. "Death? Only to those who chose to resist. You make it sound as if I enjoy destroying." He walked closer to Alan; the ribbon of silk weaved around his shoulders as if it had a life of its own. "I do what I do for one goal and one goal alone," he said. "Peace. Peace is my motivation. There have been countless battles between all the worlds who would think to rule the other. Ceaseless bloodshed, hatred, vendettas that spanned across generations. I bear that burden now. My empire and I have taken that upon ourselves so that in time we may know peace. So that the fighting will stop. So that there will be no more pain. No more suffering." He put his hand on Alan's shoulder. His palm was smooth and cold, as if no blood circulated through it. "Tell me, my friend, how come you have so much hate in your heart?"
Alan felt a shiver run up his spine as the emperor entered his mind with far more control and power than Ashra ever had. The emperor engulfed his thoughts like air, meandering and swallowing all. Alan was forced to watch as memories, memories he thought he had locked away, were brought to the surface and opened again like old wounds.
"Ah," the emperor said. "Alan Belmont, from Cybele. That would explain it." He rifled through Alan's past and came across golden fields that stretched as far as his memory could see.
"We fought till the last man," Alan said. "And killed two for each one you took of ours."
The emperor closed his eyes and remembered the battles. "It was a valiant effort. Your fields ran red with Sanctum blood. Cybele put up a fight, and you're proof of that. But you got your vengeance didn't you? When I couldn't feel Seth anymore and you tumbled out of the Divine Will, I knew it was you."
"My vengeance won't be finished until you are dead, the empire is nothing but dust, and every world you have conquered is free again," he spat.
"Is that what Claudia promised you?" the emperor said. "Be careful of people in power, Alan. What we say and what we do are not always the same thing."
Alan glared at him. "Enough. If you're going to kill me, kill me." His words were full of conviction, but they rang hollow in Alan's mind. He wanted to live. He wanted to see tomorrow, if only to give Ashra the life she deserved.
"I'm not a wasteful man," the emperor replied. "You are talented and brave. You'd make a fine addition to the Sanctum. Many who were with the Einhart are here now; you even know some of them. Think of it, instead of Second Medium, you'd be commander of your own fleet. You could rebuild Cybele; make it the bountiful planet it once was, a land with full harvests. You'd be loved by your people, and they would remember you as the hero who brought them together, the one that saved them from their exile. You, Alan. You." Ice crystals swirled above the emperor's hand. They compressed into a sphere, studded with peaks and valleys. A miniature of Cybele floated before his eyes, tempting Alan.
"Why should I believe anything you say?" Alan said.
"A prosperous empire is a good empire. That is what I seek to build." He pointed to the shackles around Alan's wrists. "Your fate is in my hands. I could've killed you when you entered, but you are still alive. I see value in you."
"I don't see any value in you," Alan responded. "You speak of peace but your method has always been war."
The emperor scoffed. Another chill went through Alan's mind as the man dug deeper into his past. Images of a young girl floated up through his memories, like a pearl uncovered in the sand. It was a girl with long blonde hair, something she got from her mother. Yet she had Alan's nose and his lopsided grin, the same grin that he had not shown anyone in years.
The emperor sighed. "I concede defeat," he said. The miniature of Cybele in his hand crumbled to crystals. "My daughter was right to trust you. A parent who has lost a child can never forgive. And I suppose Ashra was a suitable replacement for what I took all those years ago. But it's time to return her to me."
"Leave her be. You have plenty of people to do your bidding."
"Ashra is?special," the emperor said. "I kept her secluded and away from those who would influence her and force her to consider the role I wanted her to play." He took his hand off of Alan's shoulder and his presence disappeared from his mind. "She was never meant to be more than an instrument, a tool for my use."
The emperor gave the skin on his own forearm a tug. It stretched like putty and extended further than any human skin should have. When he released it, it sagged and hung limp. A moment later it flowed back to its original position and the creases disappeared. "This is the problem of centuries of merging. DNA mixes and degrades. While I have kept the damage to a minimum, my body is not what it used to be." He turned to Alan. "Ashra can change that. She's a child with the ability to see into the minds of others, farther reaching than even my own. She can shape light itself to her whims, and in time, she'll be able to destroy entire planets with just one tree. I rely on the energy Sanctuary generates, but she, all she needs is death to fuel her. And she will never grow old. Her ability with plants extends to her own being, and with the right guidance, she can be immortal. She will never have the need to merge. She will never have the problems I do."
"She will always be out of your grasp," Alan said. "You can't reach her anymore. She is strong enough to stand against you. And she will destroy the empire you built."
"You are right. She is closed off to me. But not to you." He came close to Alan again, this time with a hint of malice in his eyes. "Do you know why I invaded Galea?"
"The Erudite."
"The ruling family of Galea had a special talent. What I and my children can do with our bodies, the Erudites could do with their minds. They valued knowledge above everything else, and that is a good thing. They sought to keep that knowledge from ever disappearing, so they transferred the entirety of their minds from one Erudite to the next, keeping their traditions and prejudices alive. It came with problems; some people never want to die," he said with an ironic smile. "I purged their presences after the merge, so now it's just me." He put his hand on Alan's chest. "Call to her, Alan. Reach out to her mind with yours."
The cold spread throughout his chest. Alan spoke through clenched teeth. "Never. I will die before that."
"As I assumed. You are a good father. But I'm afraid you'll be losing another daughter today." Alan squirmed against the emperor's palm on his chest, but it didn't help. The cold seemed to seep through his skin and into his heart itself, and with every beat colder blood pumped through his veins. He wanted to curl up into a ball to conserve whatever heat he could, but the shackles held firm as he strained against them.
"Call her," the emperor said.
Alan's lips turned blue and his face lost color altogether. "No."

Chapter 49

Ashra was lying on something soft and warm. If she wasn't careful, she would fall asleep again in its comfortable embrace. She tried to move, but it was as if her body was paralyzed during the deepest parts of sleep. When neither her arms nor legs responded, she thought of just moving one finger. When no digits moved, she decided to save her physical body for later. There wasn't any pain. Or if there was pain, she couldn't feel it.
There were more pressing matters. While her body may not have responded, the Empyrean was there for her. When she opened her mind's eye, she was underwater. With a kick, she sped upwards, her head creating ripples across the top of the water as she emerged. She continued to rise until her bare feet rested upon its liquid surface. She walked towards the island, planning to sift through the stars to see where she was, when her eye was drawn to the perpetuals above the tree. It was the pale yellow star, Alan's star, which was paler than usual. She could not see through his eyes, normally an issue associated only with her blood relatives, so she spoke to him instead.
<Alan?> she asked. <What's wrong?> Alan was there. She felt him, but he didn't answer. Then?there was another presence as well.
She clutched her head as a flash of pain ran through it. Mirroring her feelings, a fissure ran across the sky and divided the stars, as if the Empyrean were nothing more than a cracked egg. Behind the crack she heard faint cries. An object appeared from the fissure, streaking forth like a meteor. It was only when it slowed and the purple shroud loosened around it that Ashra noticed the purple perpetual had also disappeared. In its place was a man, radiant and young.
"Who are you?" she asked.
He strode across the water as easily as Ashra did. "You may call me father," he said.
This was the first time Ashra had seen him. Her mouth hardened into a line. "I only have one father, and he is not you." She recalled what Aki had worn and tried to imitate it. The white dress tightened against her body and hexagonal armor scales appeared across its surface. It was not black, but rather the gold, red and purple hues that Lydia had favored. In her hand appeared a staff hewn from the trees of Phalos.
The emperor looked amused. "Child, you would raise your hand against your own father?"
She gripped the staff tightly and held it out. "I am no longer a child. I have learned to think for myself and to do what I know is right. I will undo the pain and suffering you have caused." She dashed from the island and across the water.
"Never forget," the emperor said, "that like you, this world is my creation as well." He lifted his hand. What looked like a giant pane of glass appeared in the heavens, distorting the stars behind it. Ashra continued charging forward.
"You have no idea how the mind works," he said. "Learn your place, child." The glass cracked and fell in a hail of crystal shards, blown towards Ashra's direction. Each shard bloomed into a flower made of ice when it touched a surface, freezing anything it landed on. Small icebergs appeared across the water. Ashra knocked them away as they came, but they stuck to her hair and clothes and feet. She gritted her teeth and struggled against the cold. Her hands were becoming numb and her arms were sluggish. She tried to move forward, but the shards snared her feet, encasing them in ice and rooting her to the growing glacier. With every swing more ice grew across the staff and her body until she could no longer move. Icicles drooped from the tip of her nose. Her chest was bound so tightly in ice that she felt like she couldn't breathe.
The emperor walked across the frozen lake and placed a hand on the frost that encased Ashra. He effortlessly picked her up and began walking to the island with her. 
She struggled against it. She wished there were fire, wished he were banished from her mind, but no matter what she did, the ice remained. He continued dragging her closer to the tree.
"You should be proud," he said. "Out of all my children, I have chosen you to be my vessel. It is your body that will ensure the continuation of the empire. It is with your flesh that we shall have peace." He threw her against the tree and put his hand on the bark. The wood behind her turned soft, almost fluid. Before she could react, she sunk into the tree, as if into a warm embrace. When the wood closed over her face, she was completely blind, both in the real world and within the Empyrean. But she could still hear her father.
"Be a good girl," he said. "This tree, more than any other manifestation, is your true self. You know this. If you break out of it, if you destroy the tree, you will die. If you are quiet and you cooperate and show me how this body works, I will not raze it to the ground?for now. It is the least I can do as your father."
She couldn't respond because her mouth was sealed by the wood, but she knew he spoke the truth. She would, however, not cooperate.

Chapter 50

The emperor awoke inside his new body. When he opened his eyes, all he could see was darkness, and when he tried to speak no sound came forth. He felt the layout of his limbs, willing his fingers to move. With some effort, he tapped the bed he was on.
"Ashra, are you awake?" a voice asked.
<This is no longer Ashra,> the emperor said.
"My Lord." The voice adopted a formal tone, and the emperor heard a knee drop to the ground.
<Where am I?> he asked.
"Aboard the Aurelius, hidden in my quarters. The Einhart are too busy containing the damage from the battle to be concerned about this section of the ship. It was all as you planned, Your Majesty."
<Well done, Guren. Give me the mutagen. I should like to see and speak with my own eyes and voice,> he said. 
Years ago, in an effort to accelerate the development of her abilities, the emperor had engineered Ashra's lack of senses inside the womb. His plan had worked, and Ashra was in command of a destructive force that he could never have found through conventional weapons alone. But now it was time for his investment to pay out.
Guren pulled out a syringe from his drawer. It was filled with a clear liquid that he had prepared in advance. The medbed the emperor lay on was activated and green lights shined down on him.
"My Lord," Guren said, "this will hurt as your genetic code is rewritten and the eyes and voice box are built."
<A moment of pain for an eternity of perfection. A small price to pay.>
Guren injected Ashra's body with the mutagen. The medbed performed a scan and began to build the parts outlined in the new DNA. The emperor, forged from the fires of war and family, didn't flinch.

Chapter 51

Alan was curled upon the floor of the citadel. He didn't call to Ashra, he didn't succumb. It was she who came to him in his moment of need, and in doing so, allowed the emperor to gain access to her mind. "I'm sorry," he whispered to no one. "I'm so sorry. I failed you."
He had a headache that shot daggers through his brain every time he moved, so he kept still. When Ashra made the connection, the emperor used Alan as a bridge and tore a hole through his mind to reach her. The emperor channeled the entirety of his being through that hole; his experience, knowledge and personality that had been cultivated over a span of years Alan couldn't fathom because he hadn't lived even an eighth of that time. Alan glimpsed Ashra's world through the tear. Though he had tried to close it, his efforts did no more than a pebble against a wave. The last thing he remembered seeing was the emperor coalescing into a purple blob inside his mind and then falling through the hole. Alan saw only Ashra, standing defiant and proud, before the hole disappeared and he was alone again. Despite the pain, he had wanted the tear to stay open so he could jump through and save her, but it had closed.
He was alone, with only his guilt for company. He risked opening his eyes. When the light was too bright he shut them again. With each second that passed, his body seemed more his own. He put one palm on the ground followed by the other. His nerves were confused, but after some time he managed to push himself onto his knees. His head bowed towards the crystal throne.
Opening his eyes again, he saw what had become of the emperor. The purple silk no longer flowed and danced; it hung still, draped across the chair. The body of the emperor was underneath it; a husk devoid of life. The cheeks were sunken, the neck was bent in an unnatural position and the mouth was frozen as if in mid-scream. His entire body had turned to the color of ash. As Alan watched, the skin became pale and transparent, like glass. Clear, jagged points erupted from the emperor's heart and worked their way towards the extremities of the body, carving the flesh into glittering valleys and peaks. The facets refracted the light into rainbows around the chamber, and his remains looked as if it were part of the throne itself.
Alan looked at it with a mixture of curiosity and repulsion, as if he knew that body far better than he should have. Memories flashed through his mind, of worlds he had not been to, of people he had never seen before. These were not his; they belonged to the corpse that sat there. But the repulsion was his own. 
He heard footsteps approach from behind. They sounded clearer than anything he had ever heard before. He knew they belonged to Aki. He heard the blood trickle from her shoulder and he knew she was hurt. Alan stood up, turned around, and started to dig inside his pockets for anything to heal the wound.
She shook her head and turned her shoulder away from him. "I'll live," she said. She looked over at the body and asked, "Is that him?"
"What's left of him." Alan's shadow covered the sparkling form. He put a finger to its forehead and pressed. With a clarion tinkle, it split and crumpled under his touch. The shoulders and the rest of the body followed, turning into a pile of diamond dust that dispersed and scattered. All that was left was the violet cloth. But this was no victory.
"How're we going to get back to the Aurelius?" Aki asked. "Even if we get a ship it won't start. Neither of us are royals."
"I?I think I know how." He rubbed his hands together to get rid of the dust and stepped around to the back of the throne. "Come close," he said.
The pattern came to his feet as if he had known it for years. He tapped a sequence of fifteen stone tiles behind the crystal throne, each tile indistinguishable from the other. His movements were controlled and precise. With a final tap of his toe, the throne and the surrounding floor lowered into the ground, descending through a shaft built into the side of the citadel.
"How did you know?" Aki asked. Her hair flew up around her as they went down.
"He used me to get to Ashra," Alan said. "I saw his life, the memories he had and the things he knew. It was so vast and spanned more years than I could ever live. It was like a dream; I forget all the details and it's harder to remember when I try to grasp it. But when it's in front of me, I know what to do."
"Did he leave anything else behind?" Aki asked. The worry was clear in her voice.
"Maybe. We can figure it out once he's dead and we have Ashra back."
The lift was quick. Their descent was lit by lights spaced evenly around the corridor. The stone floor going down and the walls of steel that passed them going up made for a strange contrast. 
The throne went into the lower levels of the palace. When they stepped through the doors at the bottom, they entered the launching bay for the emperor's personal armada. Starships were lined up in neat rows. Far in the back, Alan could make out the top of a capital warship that neither he nor any other Einhart had ever seen before. He realized his vision had improved as well.
"Which one do we take?" Aki asked. They walked down the rows of ships, each one different from the last, each one designed for a different purpose. There was one for stealth, reminding him of the Umbra. There was another showy one in the shape of the Sanctum emblem, like a miniature Javelin, used for diplomatic visits to conquered worlds.
He settled on a ship that was designed for speed and range. As his eyes moved over the curves of its hull, one word floated to the top of his mind. Leidenfrost. The Leidenfrost wasn't particularly large, but he knew it had the equivalent of a medbed inside it. "This one," he said. As he approached, the door automatically slid open and a span of light lowered to the ground, acting as a ramp. He went in first, checking to see if it was empty. When nothing came from the shadows, he helped Aki climb aboard and led her to the medbed in the back. 
"The controls for the medbed should be similar," he said. "Once I start up the ship it'll be active."
Aki nodded. She secured the pair of swords before lowering herself onto the cushion.
In the cockpit, Alan pressed his palm to the dashboard. The lights turned on and the engines hummed with life. He was both relieved and worried that the ship recognized him. His hands glided effortlessly across the three light consoles, toggling switches for the shields and engines. As the engines powered up and the ship rose from the ground, a memory of designing the consoles themselves flashed briefly in his mind. He shook his head, clearing it of the vision. Bringing the ship around, he dialed in the sequence to open the blast doors that faced the last known position of the Aurelius. The sets of doors opened, revealing Sanctuary's shield and the stars beyond. Black space beckoned to him.
"How're you doing back there?" he asked.
Aki watched as the machine rebuilt her joints, bone and muscle. "Never been better," she shouted to the front.
"Good. Hold on, it's going to be a bumpy ride."
Aided by magnetic accelerators, the ship shot forward and cleared the shielding of Sanctuary.

Chapter 52

When the emperor opened his eyes for the second time, he saw an unfamiliar ceiling above him. He lifted his hand. He marveled at the skin, supple and smooth, maintaining its shape without any effort on his part. Strands of white hair flowed between his fingers.
He used his voice for the first time. "Let us begin," he said to himself. The body's real voice was much younger than the voice Ashra had used in the past. "Guren," he called.
"I am here, My Lord."
"Prepare a ship for me in the dock. The Einhart will be graced with my presence. When I am finished, I shall leave and expand the empire to worlds we have not seen."
"Your will be done, Your Majesty. Where would His Highness like to begin the assault?" Guren spoke with his head bowed.
"Where is Claudia?"
"On the bridge, sire. The great forces of the empire have defeated the Einhart, but their reinforcements will be arriving soon. The Aurelius has left the battlefield and, unfortunately, there may not be enough essence for your needs. In addition, Ashra has been here before, and they have studied her light trees and have devised defenses against it."
"But I have not been here before." 
"No, My Lord, you have not. They will be in awe of your power."
The emperor hopped off the medbed and walked with bare feet across Guren's office, getting a feel for the body. He looked at the white dress he wore and thought of different colors that would be more suitable.
"Would the emperor like a map of the Aurelius?" Guren asked.
"No need," he said. "Ashra, and now I, can see any human in the area. I shall find each place with ease. Once you are finished securing me a ship, meet me on the bridge. I shall be there shortly."
"As you command." Guren headed out the door.
"It's time to test this body out," the emperor said to himself. A small dish of ice appeared in his hand. On top of it, a seed of light.

Chapter 53

Since her attendants were either dead or incapacitated, Claudia had dried off and donned the suit of the High Adjudicant by herself. There was solace and comfort in its weight and the way it hugged her body. She had never retreated from battle before, but Sanctuary's defenses were greater than she or her strategists predicted. 
When they ran out of medbeds, they took to treating the wounded on the bridge. Claudia organized the injured in accordance to the severity of their wounds. She even lent her own hand, giving injections, wrapping bandages and comforting those who had no treatment options left.
She brushed the hair out of a young man's eyes and wiped the sweat from his brow. He held a hand against his stomach, where a jagged piece of metal, once a part of the ceiling support, was embedded. He was still star-struck and in awe as she tended to him personally, and perhaps her presence was enough to block the pain.
The bridge doors opened. Claudia stood up, ready for the next wave of medbeds to come down. Instead, a single figure stood in the doorway, framed by light. Claudia recognized her immediately. "Ashra?"
The figure stepped forward onto the bridge. He looked over at her and spoke. "This is Ashra no longer." He appraised the bridge and those standing by the High Adjudicant. "You've done well for yourself, Claudia," he said with a smile.
In that moment, she knew. "Open fire!" she ordered.
Those around the High Adjudicant didn't know who it was, but they obeyed. A symphony of explosions rang out around her and a hail of bullets followed, all directed towards the walkway that led to the bridge. But when they hit, the sound wasn't that of metal tearing through flesh. 
Thick slabs of ice surrounded the emperor. The bullets barely penetrated them before they were stopped; they only left cracks on their surfaces. Since the ice was free from impurities, it seemed like Claudia was viewing the emperor through sheets of glass. He looked at them all, passive and bored.
"You've left Sanctuary," Claudia said. "There's no power for you to draw on. You can stay in your shell but you don't have enough to mount an offense. You've boarded the wrong ship," she said.
His voice was muffled through the wall of ice but all heard it clearly. "Have you not seen the new me? There've been some?upgrades," he said, examining his own hand.
"Ashra's abilities are nullified here." Claudia glanced back at the young man she had been tending to. He was weak but still alive, staring wide-eyed. "You have no death to use," she continued. "Either way, you've lost. Give up now and your end will be quick. Draw this out, and I will ensure that every representative from every world you've been to will have a chance to defile your living corpse."
"Hmph. You never could see three steps ahead, Claudia."
He looked at a corner of the room, where a scientist had been standing in shock. "Guren, if you would."
The surprise left the scientist's face, replaced by a neutral stare.
Claudia looked at the doctor. "Guren?"
Guren ignored her. He pulled out his gun. Those closest to Claudia formed a shield around her. Aiming the gun at his own head instead, he said, "My life for the Sanctum." Those near him tried to stop him, but he had already pulled the trigger. A single report rang out. He was dead before his body hit the ground.
In the Empyrean, the emperor pulled the light from Guren and held it in his hands. He played with it, pulling it and molding it into different shapes, but it didn't take any form in reality. "Tell me how you do this," he said to Ashra inside the tree. "Show me how you bring the drasil into the world."
Trapped within the tree, Ashra heard but didn't respond.
"Make it easy for them," he continued. "A swift death is a form of compassion." When she still remained silent, he walked over to the tree and broke off a branch. The whole of the Empyrean shuddered at the event. Ashra felt a piece of her world slip away, replaced only by pain.
"I will do it myself then," he said. It was by no means a tree, but the light he held in his hand was enough. Layering the Empyrean over his view of the bridge, he saw the seed of the drasil take form, though it was a misshapen blob that struggled to find shape.
"Stay away from it," Claudia said, holding her arms out as if to protect her crew. 
The emperor waved his hands and the seed moved forward, though it was hampered by the shielding throughout the bridge. He hurled the seed towards Claudia, who jumped out of its way with surprising speed. The injured young man behind her, however, didn't have the energy to move. The seed went through his chest and continued through the bowels of the ship. He gasped once and was still. The emperor, however, had lost his one weapon.
"If I can't kill you here, I'll do it from outside," the emperor said. He had backed up through the blast doors. They shut in front of him. With a wave of his hand the ice slabs that surrounded him became fluid. The liquid seeped into the crevices and base, solidifying and freezing the mechanisms that opened and closed the doors. That would buy him enough time to make it to the dock and destroy the Aurelius once and for all.
This new body, while young, did not have the stamina he used to have. Ashra's attempts at impeding his control also took energy to oppose. His limbs were uncoordinated and he made slow progress. But the ship Guren had prepared for him wasn't far. He formed a spear of ice and made his way down the corridor.

Chapter 54

Alan steered with one hand as he activated his com with the other. "Argus, you there?" he asked.
Argus was startled awake by the sound in his ears. "Boss! I'm glad to hear your voice. Did you finish-" There was grunt from Argus as he turned away to talk to someone else. "Thank you madam, but I am fine. Leave this bed for someone who needs it." There was some arguing and then a thud as Argus landed on his feet. "Sorry about that."
"Argus, are you really okay?"
Argus glanced down at the new flesh, indistinguishable from the rest. All that remained of the wound were two holes in his armor. "It went deep but the actual surface area that needed repair wasn't much. Wounds of the body are easy to mend; it is the mind that carries the scars," he said. "The medic just wanted to me stay longer since the order came from you."
"Your health is most important. Can you run?"
"I can sprint," he said.
"Good. Get to the docking bay and wait for us there."
"Gotcha. Hold on a sec-" He was silent as he read a message broadcast ship-wide. "This couldn't be referring to Ashra could it? Kill on sight?"
Alan's fears had come true. "She isn't Ashra anymore," he said. "If you see her, be careful and?just let me know where she is," he finished.
"Sure thing boss," but Argus didn't sound so sure. "I'll see you in Dock B."
It would take some time for Argus to reach the launching area; the medical bay was on the other side of the Aurelius and the pipe transports were down.
During his approach, Alan had trouble finding Dock B because he didn't recognize the Aurelius anymore. The damage had been severe. Burns covered the armor plating, and in some parts the plating was completely missing. He passed through where one wing should've been. All that was left was a deep groove in the shape of a crescent moon. He circled half the ship when winking green lights caught his attention. 
He guided the Leidenfrost inside. In the middle of the dock, he saw the ship Argus and Ashra had taken, resting at an odd angle.
The cruiser landed smoothly, and he barely felt it when the struts took on the weight of the ship. He passed Aki on the way out and looked at her shoulder. A major artery had been severed and she lay unconscious within the medbed as it repaired her. It was funny, he thought. Though the technology was different, they were all human, and they hurt and healed in the same way. He removed his hand from the blue cover and headed out the door.
Inside the Aurelius, the docking bay was eerily quiet. The majority of the fighters had been deployed in the fight against Sanctuary. It was empty except for a few ships that were under repair and couldn't fly. The sound of his hurried footsteps echoed throughout the bay. As he ran past Ashra's ship, he wondered where she was. Her body was on this ship, controlled by the emperor. But her mind, he knew, was still somewhere inside that body. He heard a shout come from near the entrance and turned midstride.
When he got there, the mechanic that cried out was already dead, a shaft of ice sticking out of him. 
<Watch out!> Ashra said. Her presence immediately disappeared from his mind as she was yanked away. Her body came into view, stepping out from behind a row of armory crates.
Alan gasped when he saw what the princess had become. The emperor looked at him with piercing eyes. The voice was the voice of young girl, right for the size of the body. But it sounded wrong to Alan's ears.
"Still alive?" the emperor said. "Even after your mind was torn apart?" The slightest trace of surprise etched itself across his brows.
"I have something to live for," Alan responded. He pulled out his gun and aimed it at the emperor.
He smiled. "Would you? Really? She's still here," he said, tapping his head. "She misses you."
"Enough. Release her."
"Even if I did, I'm afraid there's nowhere for her to go. The body is mine. And in a short time, the mind will be as well. Say your farewells while she can still hear them."
Alan's face betrayed no emotion, but he couldn't pull the trigger. The emperor lifted his hand and another spear of ice appeared, floating above his raised pointer finger. He arched his back and then whipped his arm forward. The ice spear flew towards Alan. 
Alan dodged to the side with a roll, though the tip of the spear tore a hole through the side of his pants.
The emperor was prepared and pulled the essence of the mechanic out of his body. He shot it towards Alan, who was just getting to his feet. 
Alan was going to block it with his arm, but he knew it was useless. He fell backwards onto the floor hoping it would fly over him. But the light followed, and was about to run through his head.
In the Empyrean, Ashra had seen enough. She burst forth from inside the tree that imprisoned her, turning the trunk and branches into nothing more than kindling. With her staff in hand, she charged forward. The emperor only had enough time to turn around when he felt something pierce his heart. He looked down at the wood protruding from his chest. He followed it to the trembling hands that clutched it, to the girl with white hair, to the child who did what no one else could.
"Everything I am," Ashra said, "is because of you." The hate and pride were clear in her voice. The staff glowed with the energy of the stars of the Empyrean. The emperor shuddered as the light ran through him. It found any outlet it could to escape, shooting out of his fingertips and mouth, until he was only a bright silhouette of a man with his arms outstretched. With one final burst, the emperor exploded in a brilliant shower of light. 
Ashra sighed and collapsed onto the island. Motes of light, all that remained of the emperor, drifted around her like snow.
She watched as the light touched the water. They disappeared into the depths, and she expected them to shine on their way down. But instead, what was once clear water became black and murky.
There was no source, but a disembodied voice whispered, "You will never be rid of me, Ashra. As long as you are alive, I shall live on through you." It was an echo of an echo, a murmur she could barely hear over the quiet waves that lapped upon the island. But it was there.
As much as she wished it wasn't true, she knew the emperor was right. His blood coursed through her veins. That bond would be with her for the rest of her life. It'd be enough to sustain his existence, however faint and pitiful it would be.
"I will decide the course of my life, not you," she said.
With the tree gone, the Empyrean lost its foundation. The stars started falling from a sky that was quickly getting dimmer.

Chapter 55

A moment before touching his skin, the light seed stopped between Alan's eyes, filling his view with white. He blinked once, and it was gone. Putting his hands on the ground, he stood up slowly and looked at Ashra. She was standing still and her face was blank. Her hands hung limply at her sides. She let out a breath, as if releasing all the energy in her body, and collapsed. Alan dove forward and caught her just before she hit the floor. 
She seemed heavier than when he first held her in the quarantine chamber. Perhaps it was the strength of her will that weighed more in his arms, or maybe it was the confidence she had found. He didn't know what it was, but out of habit and instinct, he pressed his forehead against hers and kissed her between her closed eyes.
His vision tilted and spun. When the world righted itself, he was no longer in the docking bay, but within the Empyrean. 
He had never seen it as dark as this. The stars seemed to be fading. Even the perpetuals were becoming transparent, losing their color to the night sky. The tree was no more; it was split into scattered branches, twigs, and matchsticks.
Resting upon what remained of its trunk was Ashra. Flower petals from the drasil swirled around the center of the island, covering her like a blanket. Alan hurried to reach her, the sand flying behind his boots.
The scent of the drasil became stronger as he neared. He knelt on the ground when he reached her and pulled her to him. "Ashra," he said. "Ashra, I'm sorry. I never meant to hurt you."
She lifted her head and smiled weakly. "There is nothing to apologize for, Alan. I couldn't have wished for a better outcome."
"The tree," he said, looking at the empty space. "It's gone."
"Yes. Well, it had a good life."
"Is there a way to save it? To save you?" He wanted to hold her closer but was afraid he would crush her.
"My heart says that what I did cannot be undone. And even if there was a way, I wouldn't do it." She gazed at the sky as more stars faded out of existence. The water that surrounded the island had turned completely black. "The emperor is still here. No matter what I do, my father will always haunt me. He'll always be a part of me. As long as I am alive, he can come back. I know it. I feel it." When she said it, Alan felt a sinister presence in the skies and in the water, slowly encroaching upon the island.
Despite that, he still said, "I don't think that's true. There's always a way. We'll find it."
She shook her head. "I was born to be a tool, a weapon, an immortal vessel. But now, because of the choices you and my mother made, I have the power to decide where my life will go and how it will end."
"Don't talk like that." He sat with his back to the stump and balanced her on his legs. He cradled her and said, "You don't have to do this." But even as the words came out, he knew that she did.
Alan's uniform disappeared, replaced by a simple shirt and linen trousers. He had not seen these clothes in years; they had been lost back when Cybele fell. But he remembered them and loved the way they felt against his skin. They even smelled the same, reminding him of a time in his life that was so painfully beautiful that he had tried to forget it. Yet it was a time that he never really wanted to forget. "You're safe," he said.
She curled into the warm embrace of his arms. "I know."
They held each other for what seemed like an eternity, though it may have only been a minute. Rousing herself, she used the last of her strength to push herself up. "I need to do this before he comes closer," she said.
"No, Ashra. You don't need to," Alan said softly.
"I do."
Alan felt an invisible force grip him around the shoulders and immobilize him.
"I'm glad I finally got to see you with my own eyes," Ashra said with a smile. "Goodbye Alan. Take care of yourself, and go with all my love." With a wave of her hand, Alan fell unconscious and disappeared from the Empyrean.
When he came to, he was still holding Ashra. She opened her eyes. When she saw him, she tilted her head up and kissed him on the forehead between his eyes. A moment later, a blast of cold radiated from her body, knocking him to the ground. Shackles made of ice appeared around his wrists and ankles, binding him.
"No, Ashra. Don't do this," he pleaded. She only smiled as she floated up off the floor of the bay. The unused essence from earlier reappeared as a small seed that hung in the air between her feet and the ground. It thinned and flattened out into a long sheet, like a length of fabric. The last thing Alan saw was her smile.
The light cocoon sealed itself around Ashra. It began to shrink steadily. The sphere grew smaller and smaller. Alan didn't want to but forced himself to watch, feeling the tears pool around the bottom of his cheek. The light receded, leaving nothing behind it, until it was as bright and as small as a star in the night sky. Then it disappeared.
Ashra was no more. All that was left was a pendant in the shape of a crescent moon, its silver chain gone. It clattered to the floor. 
The ice that bound him melted to water. Alan slowly got to his knees and raised his hands as if she were still there, as if he could still touch her. But when there was nothing to fill his fingers, he put his hands over the pendant and dragged it to his heart. He crumpled into a ball, pressed his head into his chest, and wept. He had failed as a father, twice. 

Chapter 56

The first thought in Argus's mind was, how could a man like Alan look so small? He slowly walked up to him and put his hand on Alan's back. He felt Alan quiver and shake as the man grieved harder under his touch, a touch that was meant to heal.
Alan unburied his head and looked at the docking bay, at the Aurelius, at all the memories he had here. He thought of how each memory always led back to Ashra. Claudia had thrown their lives away in an attempt to enter Sanctuary, and though he didn't hate her for it because it was her job, he wondered how she could have so little compassion. He wondered if his life was meant to be more than what it was now. He looked up at Argus. "I have to go," he said, between long and shaky breaths.
"Where will you go?"
"I don't know, but I can't stay here anymore. I'd love to have you by my side, but this is asking too much. The rules of the Einhart are unbending and I can't risk your life."
"You needn't say anymore. Desertion only applies to those who are loyal to an institution. I am loyal to a person." Argus offered his hand and Alan took it. "My life's task is done," he said. "In time I will return to Galea, but for now, there are more pressing matters."
The two walked back to the edge of the dock. The Leidenfrost was where he had left it. Aki leaned against the doorframe, waiting for them. "We can head to Aurora for supplies. And you may need more protection after you leave. The Einhart have quite a few contracts with my worldmen," she said, heading into the ship. 
"With you watching my back, no man in the galaxy could be safer," Alan said. He looked at both of them. "Thank you." He took his seat in the middle of the console. With a few deft strokes, two more chairs appeared and Argus and Aki sat to either side of him. At his touch, the cruiser activated. The landing struts retracted and the ship hovered inside the docking bay. 
His wrist buzzed. Claudia was trying to reach him, but he ignored her and turned the device off.
They took off and left the Aurelius behind.
The vastness of space, cold and empty yet filled with promise and opportunity, engulfed him. Which way do I go? Alan thought. Left, right, up, down, these directions mean nothing in space.
As he stared at the star charts and maps of known planets and territories, he caught the faintest scent of drasil flowers. A gentle breeze rustled through his mind and a voice said, <Left.>
Alan looked left. There was a planet that was covered in green, with two or three moons, depending on who was asked. Alan clutched the pendant and set the coordinates on the light console. The Leidenfrost began to pick up speed.
A black halo surrounded the ship as it shifted into darkspace. Alan would find redemption among those stars.
###
Afterword

Dear Reader,

Thank you for making it to the end of my first book, Ashra, or as I like to think of it, My Daddy Issues In Space (trademark). I hope you enjoyed this romp through the galaxy, and in the moments between the violence, I also hope you may have found some deeper connection to the characters and words.
I had the idea for this novel back when I was in Japan, and in the months between jobs, I wrote it out. It was a pleasant experience, filled with midnight runs followed by daytime sleeping, and it was as I was writing it that I knew, without a doubt, that this is what I wanted to do for the rest of my life. 
This work is a work of love. I understand if some of you found a pirated version of it somewhere online. It happens. Y'arrrrr. While I'd like to live off writing novels like this one in the future, I am honored by the simple fact that people took the time out of their busy lives to read it. And if you found it for free, please do me a solid and post a review or tell some of your friends about it.
If you did pay for it, I am deeply grateful beyond words. You've helped me survive another day, and you've given me encouragement and assistance towards making my dreams come true.
My request, Dear Reader, is that if you enjoyed Ashra, please give a copy or two or five to your family and friends that may enjoy reading this sci-fi monstrosity with an overabundance of the word explosion. As an author with a day job in something that's not marketing, I have no clue how to market books, so I can only ask kindly and hope for the best. If you're feeling up to it, you can also leave a review at your favorite retailer. If there's something you'd like to share with me personally, feel free to email me at jonlang108@gmail.com. I'd love to hear your feedback and thoughts.
Like all endeavors, this book could not have been finished without help, and I have had plenty along the way.
The first order of thanks would be to my editor, Rachel Tiderman. If you need top-notch editing, send her an email at: rachel.tiderman@gmail.com. Because a stationery turret would've been hilarious.
The second would be to my cover artist, Ivan Hobbs. With a pen, I can only put words to paper, but give this guy one and he'll create a magnificent piece of art. You can find his work here: www.ivanhobbs.com.
Finally, thanks to Greg, for going through the manuscript and pointing out an additional number of bugs, to Adam, for being the first to read it, and to Subo, my literary partner in crime. 
As for future books in this series, everyone is busy, yes, but I would feel incomplete if I did not see Ashra and Alan's story to the end. Alan's ex comes back in the next one!
Again, thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed the journey as much as I did.

With eternal gratitude,

Jon Lang
About the author

I'm not pretentious and/or famous enough to write about myself in the third-person for the author bio, so I'll stick with what I know. I was raised deep in the Midwest, where the land is sold in acres and the horses, cows, and chickens outnumber people. I fled as soon as I could by going to UC-Berkeley, and ended up graduating with a degree in Japanese with a few years of molecular cell biology on the side. Fleeing even further, my travels took me to Tokyo, where I discovered the best sushi and the worst weather. The wind has now blown me to Seattle, where I can be found running down Pike St. yelling, "Go Seahawks!" at the top of my lungs, in turn scaring small animals and children.

Apparently people tweet. I should get on that. Follow me here: http://twitter.com/jonlang108
