Northern Exposure
The Divided
Northern Exposure
Luken Du Pont
Copyright 2014 by Luken Du Pont
Smashwords Edition
10-07-2030
Monday	
Diary entry 1	
My name is Cairo Goodridge. I have been awake for approximately 520 days, and if this book is not in my possession it means I am most likely dead. The reason I have decided to explain what happened, the things we did to each other, the things no human being should bear witness to. Is simply to enlighten your poor soul, hoping this will give you a chance. A chance to survive what is most likely the brink of human extinction. Times are harder now and as the days go by we are less of our former selves. We have become husks floating around in a lost, desolate world, still unsure of how we got here. Our fates are being decided by harsh hand of Mother Nature.
 If you are reading this, you too are probably north and very much aware of what’s going on. I regret to inform you but soon you will most likely share the same fate as I have, or even worse. Now I understand you may be wondering what’s worse than death, trust me in this place death seems like a paradise compared. I still do not know why I feel so obligated to write this, to be honest most nights I think it is just an escape from the madness, like a natural sedative it’s the only way I can fall asleep in this hell. However I do need to clear my conscious and pay dividend for my demons. I need you to know what happened to me; I need you to know what we have become and what we are capable of. I need you to know why we have chosen to kill each other, why the smell of human flesh lingers in the air like slow roast pork on a Sunday afternoon and why bodies litter our streets. Why things that seem to be so impossible happen in front of my very own eyes. Why conformity on this place is the unreal ideas people live their lives by and why I have been included into this group of youthful abominations. All of this might be irrelevant compared to what I am about to tell you. Most importantly I need you to know why I killed her!

Chapter 1
Early Saturday Morning I lay in bed listening to the bustling pot of a cultural dilution brewing, continually at a never slowing pace. People intertwining in each other’s lives, affecting each other without the slightest fathom of how they needed one another to sustain the comfortable lives in the city they so much adored. They moved around weaving in and out not taking the time to enjoy what they truly had. Not taking a second breath to soak in the benefits of being able to jump into a cab and drive ten blocks down to the local cinema, being able to constantly stay in contact with their friends and family through social media outlets or being able to stop at the grocery store which had their favourite foods all lined up, packaged and ready to go. But most of all, they never took the time to realise what company meant. What having people brush against your shoulders as they walked past the busy street felt like, or the joyous sound of laughing kids in the green parks. They hadn’t felt alone before, not the type of alone I was about to feel, the type of desertion which starts to feel so physical you could swear someone had put a blade to your flesh. Only hearing what the absolute loud sound of nothing truly sounded like, no birds in the trees, no noisy neighbours, not a howl in the distance or a scream over the horizon... absolutely nothing.
I can rant, rave and explain the silence, then the chaos which soon ensued. But before we go any further I have to take you to the beginning. To the place it all happened and let you know why it happened. I have to let you know what I went through on that dreadful day and the events which soon followed. You need to how we have survived, being plunged into the bowels of hell yet still we have managed to fight on thanks to the new tools we have been equipped with. But mostly I have to explain the reason behind my drastic decision, the reason I had to kill her!
2030, the year the world took a curve ball and smashed it out of the park! The year democracy reigned king, the year poverty had become somewhat of a faded idea. The year the Rhino was taken off the endangered list, the year crime had dropped by seventy eight percent worldwide. Humanity had beaten the global recession and was united together in a stand to bring peace and economic sustainability to each and every country on the globe. Apart from the depleting Ozone layer and whoever was responsible for the “all-boy” bands which circumnavigated throughout the media. I would say society as a whole had overcome diversity and taken their lives and planet back into their own hands. If I wasn’t a religious man and believed in the theory of evolution I would say man had truly evolved over the last past decade. Worldwide resolutions had been met, and even the most unstable and financially depleted countries started to see change. Unobtainable goals were becoming more realistic each day and people all over, from the North to the South stood together against fascism, racism and homophobia.
The control of the seas had been taken back from the grasp of the Somalia Pirates and once more the seas where safe for pleasurable cruises from coast to coast, more importantly for trade between countries. Dictatorship had been abolished throughout all Arab and African nations, giving citizens the first taste of democratic freedom. We had managed to stabilize our fluctuating markets and for the first time in years worldwide interest rates were on the rise as inflation decreased.
 It was also the record breaking year for most adoptions. Becoming aware of overpopulation more people fell into the idea of adopting instead of reproducing. Laws banning families from having more than three children were gladly accepted by most people in countries struggling with over population. This in turn took a lot of pressure off the earth’s natural resources. Integrated marriages occurred more frequently, breaking down the barriers of racial and cultural stereo types. The figures were higher than they had ever been recorded, and even though so much success circumnavigated the globe, it was nothing compared to the success I had individually achieved...Well at least I thought so!
 At twenty four years old I had landed my dream job, I still cannot believe how fast it all happened. One day I was stacking fish for a living in an old coastal harbour. Next thing I had landed a sous-chef job in a four star Italian restaurant called “La Casa”. It had taken me a while to get here and a hell of a lot of internship, followed by even more studying. But I had reached my goals, I moved out into the city, the city of dreams, the concrete jungle was my new home. I had become a New Yorker! In this place anything was possible if you followed through and worked your ass off, that is. Not only had I succeeded in securing my dream job, I had found a gem buried in the city of New York, I had found the women of my dreams, the best girl a guy could ask for.
It was truly a blissful time in my life; I was in a state of euphoria, a place I never thought I’d reach a few months back. But even though an abundance of self-esteem surrounded me like an invisible halo, and no matter how much I had accomplished through my hard work and perseverance, my biggest achievement was presented by the kind hand of fate. Meeting her was the greatest moment in my life, and many a times I got lost in thinking “’how the hell had I landed such an amazing women?”  The reality was, I was an average looking guy, tall, tanned, with a well toned body, but I was no Adonis that’s for sure. I considered myself a C, on a good day a B minus at most, but she was a straight A plus. 
I will never forget the day I met her, but that story starts a little further down our trip into the past. It all starts with me moving to New York from a small fishing town off the coast of South Africa named Mossel Bay. I had just flown in from the South and relocated to the heart Of New York. I found myself standing in the hallway of a rundown block of apartments, bags in my hand and dreams on my shoulders. I was ecstatic about the move out of my parent’s garage and into what I like to think of as freedom.
”So Mr Goodridge, the rates are $600.00 a month, no pets allowed, the elevators are out but the stairs work just fine.
 “Oh, and no freaky business Mr Goodridge.”
”This is a family friendly zone so no nonsense around here.”
“The Last guy that lived here was some kind of escort male type freak so I kicked his ass out onto the street with all the other freaks in this freaking city!”
 The land lord was a short stocky man, shabbily dressed but stern in his demeanour. He wore a white wife beater covered in mustard stains and had a bold patch which caught the light from the florescent tubes above his head, which shone bright throughout the passage. He had on a cargo shorts as well as a thick pair of socks which he wore all the way to his knees and the oldest looking loafers in the tri state area.
I stepped back,” I can promise you sir, I’m no gigolo and definitely not into any freaky stuff.’’ I smiled trying to assure him I was a funny respectable guy. 
His reaction was dull and his eyes remained fixed on mine.
 ”You better not be boy or I will have you out here quicker than you can say what the freak just happened.’’ His obsession with this word made me smile wanting to burst out into laughter. He reminded me so much of the overweight foul-mouthed father of my favourite animated sitcom which my dad and I watched every Tuesday back home.
”Any way boy, here are the keys, rents due beginning of each month and No...”I interrupted, “Freaky stuff?” 
He clearly wasn’t impressed with my sense of humour. He tossed the keys into my already full hands, turned and disappeared down the corridor. I did not allow his damp demeanour to effect my mood. I was too excited to let anything weigh me down. As I opened the door I was greeted by the overwhelming smell of mould which almost knocked me clean off my feet. The mouldy smell was not alone; it was infused with what I presumed to be cheap male cologne. The foul smelling concoction lingered in the air and clung to the apartments walls. I could care less about the over whelming odour though, I was too excited. To me this was the Bachelor pad I had always dreamed about, my “Casa d’oro”. I saw possibility for the old rundown apartment and I knew with a bit of elbow grease, some commitment and a whole lot of cleaning detergents I could have this place shinning in no time. For the first time I felt like a real man and not a boy, a grounded self sufficient man, who had his own place and his own life. I was no longer Mr and Mrs Goodridge kid, No! Now I was a grown up, about to shape his own identity and be someone his parents could be proud of.
The apartment was an average to lower quality unit but to me it was much more, I saw potential. There was an open space presumably for a lounge or dining area and an open plan kitchen with wooden counter tops which where profusely swollen from the leaking sink pipes. In the corner of the kitchen was the most import thing I needed in the entire unit, an old gas stove. This is where I shone, where I could express myself and be who I was destined to be. Even though the kitchen was not in the best shape, the other rooms showed much more potential with only minor faults. The bathroom had no bath but instead a shower, which was ridden with mould, nothing a good cleaning couldn’t fix. The room was large enough for a desk, my TV and for now my sleeper couch, which would hopefully soon be traded in for a bed, that couch was the epitome of uncomfortable.
By the time I had settled in and unloaded all my belongings, night time had crept up and the sunny back drop had been replaced by darker scenery. I walked over to the window and gazed upon the night sky. Illuminating bright like a florescent rainbow from the thousands of street lights, billboards, apartment buildings and cars which brought the city to life in the middle of the night. The excitement of the day and all the unpacking had given me quite an appetite and I was snapped out of my tranquil sate by the growing of my stomach. So I stepped away from the window, took out all my pots and pans and readied myself. It was time to brake in the old stove and take that puppy for a spin, see if she could handle my frantic cooking style. So I popped my earphones into my ears and began banging the tunes. Not before long I was hunched over the stove tasting if my penne was Al Dante. The aroma of basil and garlic filled the air, as I cook an aromatic pasta dish and jammed along to the songs on my mp5 player. I couldn’t care less who heard my screeching attempts to sing. I realised the bin bag I had hung around my door handle was full and it was time to remove the trash. Music blasting in my ears as I danced my way down the hall with not a care in the world, stopping only to shuffle then two stepped every few feet. With my eyes closed and Marinara sauce all over my shirt I put on my best moves, which in reality were far from good. But before I could hit my next move, BAM! As I opened my eyes I was a mess, a crime scene, the wall was painted blood red, carnage lay throughout the corridor as I stood in utter silence just looking.
 My emotions became intertwined I was scared yet aroused at the same time. I stood waiting for the banshee like scream that would soon pierce the silence but nothing.
She stood picking rosemary out of her hair and cleaning red sauce off her face. I had collided head first with the most beautiful girl I had ever laid my eyes on. What’s more charming, old me had just showered her in trash. 
”I...I...I’m so sorry I was cooking, I mean dancing, no I mean trash.” Time after time I had heard about the famous cliché, how when he laid his eyes on her he lost all his word. I always thought it was a figure of speech. But shockingly I was wrong; I literally couldn’t say a word. Sounding like a jungle man who had just learned his first few words of English! It was as if she was waiting for me to say...”ME Tarzan, you Jane Me like!” 
She smiled, then looked down and began laughing; wearily I joined in not knowing what else to do in the awkward situation. The attractive women took her finger wiped a bit of sauce from her chin then licked it. As she walked past, she whispered in my ear, “tasty”. I turned around and watched her walk away. She approached the staircase turned around and just stared at me from across the hall way. “I’d stick to cooking honey, because your singing is dead awful.”
 Like an angel ascending into the heavens she disappeared up the staircase, with the light bouncing off her golden locks, being the last image searing through my head, she was gone in a flash. I so badly wanted to chase after her and at least get her name. But I was frozen in time, my body not registering what my brain told it to do. I couldn’t move and for the first time I was unaware of my conscious state.
 I hardly got any sleep that night. She was all I thought about, so beautiful. Not that magazine model beauty a different kind. A real kind of beautiful, she had pale white skin with piercing blue eyes and light freckles spread across her nose. Her sun kissed hair tumble down her shoulders and her luscious lips where plump, thick, red and oh so inviting already. She was tall with a slender figure, the white tank top she had on clung to her body emphasizing her well proportioned breast. Her tightly worn daisy dukes showed off that round, toned bottom and long leg which stretched on and on. I tried so hard to fall asleep knowing I had my first day of work in the morning but a picture of her face, her smile kept coming to me.
 Eventually I fell asleep as my brain ran a hundred different scenarios through it, I wondered if I would ever see this woman again? Did she even live in the building or was she a guest? Besides who was I kidding even if she did live in the building, it was so unlikely a beautiful girl like her would be single. Only time would tell if I would ever have the chance to talk to her again.
However that was not the case, a couple of months went by and I had happily settled into my job at Le Casa. Things around the city were not as overwhelming anymore. The incident with the gorgeous girl had pretty much faded away only popping up occasionally to remind me of what I missed out on.  I hadn’t seen her since our little run in so I assumed she was just visiting one of the tenants in the building. The thoughts of her were replaced by more relevant issues and life went on. It was Monday morning I got to my couch too exhausted to even turn on the television. It was utter chaos in the kitchen at work today, the busiest day since I had arrived, actually ever since I started working in the culinary business. All I wanted to do was relax, have a nap then later hit the gym for a swim and sauna session, but then it happened.
Suddenly a disturbing sensation came over me, as if gravity had disappeared and reappeared in an instant. I lost my footing and fell hard to the ground. The earth was moving; I heard screams coming from throughout the building. So I jumped up to see what all the commotion was. While running towards the window I lost my footing as another tremor hit the city and sent me tumbling to the floor. My head collided with the edge of my stove and split open on impact. Blood trickled down my eye brow. But I could not just lie there, so I placed my hand over my split brow, sucked it up and proceeded on. I had to go see what was happening; it was clearly an earthquake that much I knew. Staring through the window I saw people fleeing from the opposite buildings across the street. Then they started pouring out of my building. Flocking to each other like a herd of terrified sheep.
The craziest thoughts filled my mind; I kept thinking “what the hell could this be”’. The rumbling sensation soon eased down and a small sense of relief filled the atmosphere. Immediately the grip of fear caused people to start spewing out different theories of what had just occurred. I heard the distant conversations from my window; some were saying it must have been an earthquake which did not happen that often, others opposed the idea saying that we would have been warned on the news or on the internet. One man shouted out insanities that it was the military doing bombing drills in the outskirts. But that idea was shut down fast, people didn’t feel right bad mouthing the government. If not Mother Nature and not man, what could be the reasoning to the events which had just taken place?
 Police, medical assistance and rescue teams soon arrived throughout the street, reassuring people everything was okay and it was safe to go back inside. I wanted to see firsthand what was happening on the streets, so I grabbed my jacket and ran for the door slamming it behind me. As I made my way to the staircase I wiped the blood from my face and continued. My body was so full of adrenaline I could not worry about the injury. Then an overwhelming feeling surged through my body, something wasn’t right. I slowed down and grabbed the banister, taking deep breaths as I proceeded downwards toward the next corridor. I noticed the buildings lights were still off and it was in complete darkness, I was scared, I have to admit I felt so alone, the more I walked the stronger the fear grabbed hold of me. I could vaguely hear frightened peoples conversations from behind their closed doors and had to restrain myself from banging on their doors and begging them to let me in.
 The passageways were empty, nobody wanted to come out and those who did were already on the street. So I continued my walk, I was bent over trying to get a lower sense of gravity in case the shaking began again. As I got to the second bend of the passageway I saw a figure in the distance. In the darkness it was hard to tell what it was, or if it even was human, it moved so clearly it was alive. I took two deep breaths and slowly made my way towards it. The closer I got the easier it became to indentify it was a person. A women with their back to the wall and head in their lap crouched up shivering and moaning.
 I approached her and took a knee,” Excuse me, excuse me miss are you okay?’’No response she just kept rocking back and forth into the wall.
”Miss it’s alright now, it’s all over.” I tried sounding as passive and compassionate as I could ,but the more I tried to console her the more erratic she became, rocking faster and hitting the wall harder. 
I reached out and grabbed her shoulder trying to calm her down. She lifted her head; I retracted my arm and fell over wide eyed. It was her, after all this time, all the situations I could have met her in, I meet her now in a panic scared for her life. She stared at me, frightened to the soul. Her eyes staring into mine; begging me to save her but before I could say a word it happened a third time. The building began shaking this time harder, large slabs of concrete separated from the roof and you could hear the violent thudding sounds as they met with parked cars below. Screams echoed throughout the town louder than before and panic set in. She leapt across the floor, threw her arm around me and started digging her nails into my back. The more it shook the harder she tightened her grip. I put my arm around her back and the other on the back of her head. I tried reassuring her everything was okay, but she could hear in the tone of my voice I was as petrified as her.
Just as before the shaking quickly came to an end. Slowly she peeled her face away from my shoulder; her face was masked with runny mascara and her bright blue eyes where now red, bloodshot from all the crying, for a moment she just looked at me through the dim light.
 Then she spoke, “You!’’, I smiled she had recognised me from the day I spilt my trash all over her. “How are you feeling?”” Do you need some water, I can go get you some water?’’ I was so eager to please.”No stay, stay here I don’t want to be alone right now.” 
So we sat there in the corridor for at least an hour. Saying nothing, just listening to the commotion happen all around us.
Slowly people started to emerge from their doors, the lights returned and questions started circulating. Everybody wanted to know what was going on, no one felt safe and as humans do when ever a panic sets in speculation soon follows. Just as I had heard the people on the streets do, people in the building also began speculating what was going on.
 ”It’s them, you all know it but hell, you people are too ignorant to acknowledge it, they are coming for us, they did this to us.”
A group of people had formed just a few meters away from us. The speaker of the unsettled mob was an overweight paranoid woman who went by the name Mrs Jenkins. She lived her life thinking most normal everyday occurrences were the plans of extra terrestrial trying to make our lives living hell for no apparent reason. The tubby lady’s only companions were six or seven cats and no one took her serious. A man from the back of the mob interrupted her with a more sound theory; he said he heard something about explosion going off in other large cities due to the build up of methane gas from under the sewers, somewhat a spontaneous combustion effect causing them. Then another woman spoke out and believed the shaking was from an earth quake in the ocean bed just a few miles from the city, she believed a tsunami would soon follow and panicked while trying to get everyone to take heed.
 But Mrs Jenkins shut down all of their Ideas and began screaming even louder, this was the platform she always desired, this was her chance to deliver her message. “Are you so blind you cannot see its them, they are doing this to us, I tell you it is the aliens!”
 ”Shut up you crazy bat, aliens my ass!”From the back a cocky mans scratchy hard voice came.
”A sudden shaking of the ground, no reports, perfect weather outside, like hell it was aliens.””There’s only one logical explanation for this and I’ll give you a hint, they damn sure aint green, think a little darker meat sweet cheeks!” Mrs Jenkins quietly disappeared into the back of the mob as the man approached the middle, clearly she did not want to argue with him.
 A tall old man entered the middle of the crowd. His face was petrifying, his arms wrinkled and marked from top to bottom with faded tattoos. On the side of his neck was a large swastika which looked as if it had been done in a drunken stupor, by a prison mate, with only a knife and pen ink as his tools. The man’s eyes fixed towards another man standing in his doorway. Who was quietly minding his own business listening to the crowd.
 The man exited his doorway and confronted is accuser. “What are you implying sir?”
Sharif took a step out of his apartment, only centimetres from his door now. His children peeped from behind him and his wife stood right by his side. She was beautiful, like an Arabian princess her hair was tick and black, the skin as silkily smooth as olive oil, her eyes green contrasting against her dark skin. Even through all the commotion and with this mystery woman I had dreamt about for days now at my side, I could not stop myself staring at the Arab man’s wife who was a picture of true beauty. The conversation was getting heated and I had once again focused all my attention on the two men involved.
”You know damn well what I’m implying!”“Your terrorist brethren have something to do with this, this was done by your kind, admit it you Al-Shibaab, Al Qaeda, son of a bitch!”Sharif simply smiled at the man infuriating him even more than he already was.
” You ignorant old fool, something goes wrong and it is Arab related, do you not take into consideration that there hasn’t been one terrorist threat to the United States let alone the entire world in the last five years! Has it not occurred to you that it could just be the obvious hand of Mother Nature doing what she has done throughout time?”
”That don’t mean you goat marrying sons of bitches aint responsible for this one “the argument heated up. Both men readied for a physical confrontation. 
Sharif pushed his girls back into the apartment and stepped out getting ready to tackle the man to the ground. But he was too sly for the Arab; he had slowly slipped his hand into his pocket and reached for his switch blade. We were about to whiteness a blood bath right in front of all these children, somebody had to stop this.
 “ENOUGH!” The men ceased their squabbling .I could Identify the voice without even seeing him, It was Mr Smith our Landlord, The aggressive short man made his way through the pack.
”You back inside”, Sharif stared the man down 
“Mr Muhammad back inside” Sharif turned his back and unhappily made his way into his apartment, his eyes still burned red hot with fury, he had been embarrassed in front of everybody and what was worse, he had been embarrassed in front of his family.
”As for you” he turned his attention towards the man who started the confrontation.
 “Jacob you racist son of a bitch, if I ever ,I mean ever hear you speak about someone who lives in this building like that again it will be the last time you step foot in here.’’
“Now get your ass back to your apartment!”Jacob smiled and got right into Smith’s face.
“Or what little man little man?’’

Smith was certainly not the type of person to be easily intimidated, his years in the military had made him hard; he had seen more than his fair share of combat worldwide. He would most probably still be out there if he could have his own way.  Smith was deployed on numerous occasions to different parts of the world fighting for the United Nation. But he was no relief, food brining truck driver for the U.N, no Smith was sent into the pits of hell, he was sent into places no sane person would go, from remote Congo jungles to icy snowy peaked mountains of Serbia; he took down many ruthless men and even rescued a Mexican Diplomat who had been captured of the shores of Los Cabos by the cartel while on holiday with his family. 
Smith Actually lead the team that took down African Dictator Vincent Mandul and his Militia, which had run rampant in Ethiopia for at least a dozen years or so, killing hundreds of thousands of innocent Ethiopians. Smith was a hard man, a man that believed in protocol, rules and direction. He was the perfect man to run a place like this and even though his days of combat had passed he still possessed the skill and frame of mind to hurt you if chose to disobey him. 
 “Or ill break those tooth picks you call legs and kick your crippled ass out onto the street.”The men’s eyes were deadlocked, poised on each other, like two testosterone filled bulls ready to lock horns.
”If you say so, you the sheriff around these parts’” Sarcastically Jacob raised his arms in submission then further mocked Smith by saluting him just to stop half way and run his fingers through his hair.
 Jacob then turned his back and walked to his apartment. 
“As for the rest of you please relocate to your premises turn on your computers or televisions and stay there until we get instructions and information.”
”Being out here is only further risking your own safety and that of your families.”
 “For now I ask you all to make sure you are not directly standing or sitting underneath anything that could fall onto you, no fans, cabinets etcetera and in the event of another tremor take cover under something sturdy like a table or door frame, thank you and please everybody be safe.” 
The crowd dispersed at the orders of Smith and not a single tenant disobeyed him, soon the passageway was empty and eerily quiet. I was astounded how quickly the place cleared out and in the creepy utter silence only this women and myself remained. I picked myself off the cold clammy concrete, realising only then how numb my bottom was, we had been seated on the hard surface for quite some time. I then helped the girl up, there was still a slight shake in her hands, and her fear had not completely subsided yet. We started walking, she began gaining some composure but was still glued to my side, and she gripped my hand tightly. Our shoulders rubbed as we walked down the passage. Not before long she looked down only than realising she was holding a complete strangers hand. Immediately I could sense the situation getting very awkward very quickly. However I never panicked and just played it off smoothly as if nothing was weird about the whole ordeal. 
We both acted as if it was the norm and carried on walking down the passage, she stopped at B22.
”This is me,” She said then she slowly and reluctantly let go of my hand.
 
As our hands separated I felt lost, knowing I would most probably never spend another intimate moment like this one with her almost drove me to tears. I could not understand why I had such strong feelings for this woman? Why was I so caught up by her? 
 ”Hope you feel much better now, I’m sure all the commotion has subsided, things should be quite chilled from here on out.”
”But if there’s anything you need please don’t hesitate to come give me a buzz.”
”I’m actually just one floor above at flat A61.”She smiled again and opened her door 
“Thanks ...”
“Cairo, my name is Cairo”
 ”Like the city?”She laughed,
 “Yes like the city,” I replied. 
She waited for me to respond. But I stood there wide eyed, caught in the moment not saying a thing. Not knowing what to do, bottle up by a concoction of infatuation, fear and many more emotions. She took control of the situation realising I was had no intention of doing so 
”Well Cairo, the hero, who just strolls around saving maidens in distress are you going to be a real hero and make sure I’m okay in here?” “Or are you going to leave me here all by myself?”
 Her flirtatious manner overwhelmed me, I wasn’t ready for this. All I was expecting was a thank you at most a hug then both of us going our separate ways. So once again I found myself staring at her with no words, nothing but a lump in my throat I tried my hardest to string the slightest of sentences together, but what came out sounded like the moans of a cat being castrated! She knew I was nervous and she knew I was not going to make a move, from there on she knew I would do exactly whatever she wanted me to.
 She had me caught, hook, line and sinker.
“Oh and by the way my name’s Layla.’’


Chapter 2
I sat in my old beat down recliner, rocking back and forth looking outside my window. This place had become my favourite spot in the entire apartment. I had come across the abandoned chair in the street, and dragged it all the way up to my apartment. I loved the old battered up thing. As the sun set I watched the crimson halo fall over the city and realised how beautiful this place was. It was a late Sunday afternoon and only a few people walked the quite streets. Lovers passed by the street below, intertwined in each other’s embrace. I laughed as I watched how the guy tried getting his footing right as his girl squeezed his so tightly. In the distance an old man and what I presumed to be his grandson threw a ball back and forth. The city was at peace once again.

 It has been around six months since the tremors hit the city and there has been no explanation for what caused them. People had lost interest and realised they were not going to find the origin of the quakes, so they carried on with their lives and moved onto the next hot topic. Conversations ceased and pretty much everything had gone back to the way it was, well for most people that is!
Truthfully those tremors were the best thing that ever happened to me, I must have been the only person in the entire city so grateful for that day. In a twisted coincidence the horror and terror of that day had helped shape my life in ways I could only imagine. It’s as if the universe had spun the wheel of fortune and I landed on the jackpot. I can only try my best in explaining how the events of that day turned everything so right for me. 
 Antonio the Head Chef at La Casa decided he did not feel safe anymore and moved to a little town Bayville, outside the city. The spot was left open with only me as an appropriate candidate and soon I got the promotion. I had total control in the kitchen; I changed the Old Italian style menu opting for something new and hip. I got rid of all the old frozen stock and introduced cheaper fresher methods of cooking. Things were going good and my boss was happy with the direction I was taking her establishment in. Soon I was offered an even higher pay check then intended. But my career success was just the tip of the iceberg; other positive unforeseen circumstances began affecting my new way of life as well.
The leaky sink pipe in the kitchen had caused so much water damage in the walls that they finally gave out, which in turn flooded my entire apartment. I was fortunately not in the apartment when it all went down, or id be swimming in there with the rest of my stuff. Everything was soaked from my carpets to my shoes in the cupboards, nothing was left dry. To top it all off the electricity box was showered by the spraying pipes which cut all my power. Now this sounds terrible I understand, but what followed was a little blessing in disguise. The building manger was forced to relocate me to the vacant two bedroom next door for the same price as my one bedroom unit, and after putting all my stuff on my “New” balcony, which I may add was nonexistent in my previous unit. Everything soon dried up in the hot summer sun and in no time I had made the new unit home.
The tremors had also reignited the bond between my father and I. We had not spoken since I had moved to the city. He believed I should have been in South Africa helping him run the family fishery. He was a good man but his ways were old fashion. He wasn’t trying to spite me; he just did not know how to address the topic. He supported me in all my endeavours, but I knew I broke his heart when I left. However after the reports they received on the television about the tremors my father threw all grudges away and was only concerned about my safety. We would chat at least twice a week for hours, killing time while speaking about the most irrelevant things. But all this was nothing compared to the main focus of my life now, Layla.
 Layla and my bond had blossomed from a friendship into something more serious. We had covered all the stages of building a strong relationship. From greeting each other in the hall, to going for coffee, to movies at each other’s apartments, to the first night we made love to the eventual living together stage. To think it all started thanks to the tremors. The very next evening after our little incident she came up to my apartment with a hand full of Chinese takeout and a six pack of beers. We sat on the couch for a while unsure of what to say to each other. I mean we hardly knew each other, and the two times we did meet were anything but sensual. But it did not take long to bring up the conversation of the tremors. We sat for hours chatting about the event which soon led to a different conversation than on to another and soon she had her feet on the coach, shoes off laughing as we teased our crazy landlord and his obsession with the word freak.
As time went by I had realised I found my soul mate and was certain she felt the same. Layla decided to keep her place but she basically lived with me, I tried time after time to get her to sell or even rent the unit but she was fixed on her decision. Even so it did not bother me; after all we did everything together. Glued at the hip the relationship was perfect, we liked all the same things and two months into our relationship I even took the risk to take her down to meet my family. We spent a whole week with my folks back home. She adapted easily and was comfortable in any surroundings. After a few days you could hardly tell she had just recently met them. My parents felt a strong bond towards Layla; they went out their way to make sure she was comfortable. My mother embarrassingly kept telling me in front of her that she was the one. My dad was most surprising though; he would make cups of tea for her and my mother and sit in the sun room chatting with her, so intrigued about her lifestyle back in the U.S. I had brought girls over before but none got the attention Layla had received from my entire family.
When we returned home winter had settled and the city was white. You could feel the cold seep through your clothing and gripping your bones something an African boy was not so used to. A sheet of snow covered the roads and little icicles sat plastered to the window frames, obstructing my favourite view. Vests turned to jumpers, salads turned to soups and the thin sheets over our bed had been replaced by layer upon layer of blankets. Other than work and gym most of my time was spent with Layla lying under the covers wrapped in each other’s embrace. I would stand around the pots after work while cooking our supper watching the clock, counting the seconds for her to get back. She would enter the door seven o clock sharp every evening without fail, dropping her bags on the floor and no matter what I was occupied with she would come straight to me grab me and kiss me. I knew she was the one, the women I wanted to spend the rest of my life with, I wanted to create a family with this woman some day she would bare my children. The only time we weren’t together was during work.
These were the six best months of my life. I thrived physically, mentally and financially, I had finally parted from my boyish cocoon and morphed into a man. Each day that went by was somehow better then the next and this was all because she was a part of my life, I had heard someone once say,” we all have greatness within ourselves, it’s just up to us how we unlock it. Well I like to think she unlocked my potential which was hidden deep under the irrelevance of the boyhood state. I was more driven than before. I strived harder to succeed not only for myself but to assure I could build a future for her. I was in love, so in love that I would do anything for her, and I knew she’d do the same for me.
I had been taking extra shifts for the past month now. The restaurant was doing well and thanks to my new role as head chef I was taking in more cash than I knew what to do with. I realise now I should have deposited my money in the bank, but I was my father’s son and for as long as I can remember he saved all his money in a safe in his cupboard. I had acquired his bad habit and knew I was doing well when I had to order another little safe online to keep my over flowing savings. Layla sometimes got annoyed with my extended working hours but never made a scene and if we did argue, it was soon resolved in the bedroom. That’s how strong our bond was, we could resolve any situation in a matter of minutes without it getting volatile or aggressive. I hated keeping anything from her, but I had my reasons for working all the extra hours though. I had been saving up money and combined with my life saving my mother presented me with before I left. I saved enough money and was about to surprise Layla with our very own two bedroom house right on the outskirts of the city in suburbia. Houses in the suburbs were way out of my price range, and even though the house was just outside suburbia it was still in a very influential area.
One day I had come across the house while delivering pastries to a very important client who lived in the same neighbourhood. The cannolis I had packed for him were somewhat of a thank you for the services he had rendered to our establishment. He was an auditor and had taken care of all the restaurants tax problems. The man had always been fond of me and every visit he would join me at the back of the restaurant where we would sit discussing the in’s and out’s of everyday life. We always shared a cup of coffee and a smoke at the back door of the kitchen and he preferred sitting with me in the dark grimy ally way as opposed to the clean posh tables of the restaurant. He was so enthralled with Africa and loved everything African. He would ask me detailed questions about towns I had never even heard of. Eagerly waiting for a replay, presuming I had seen every town in Africa. Sometime I had to remind him it was a huge continent and not a little suburb where everyone knew each other. Truthfully the only other country I had been to in Africa was Namibia and that was just for a one week camping trip. But I loved our discussion, he always kept me entertained, and it gave me a chance to reminisce about home.
 It just so happened, his wife who was a realtor was looking to get the small two bedroom house off the market. From the moment I saw the house I knew that was the place Layla and I would start our family. A quaint little free standing house comprised of two bedrooms one bath room a back yard and single garage. But it was enough for us, and at the price I was about to buy it for, was almost unbelievable. I was about to land a lifelong investment. I mean the area alone was of such high standard there was no way property prices did anything accept rise. It was an amazing area, just like you would see in the movies. Graffiti and urine free, with green grass, safe streets and even mail boxes shaped like big golf balls and little houses lining the road.  The only negative I could find would be the commute to work. It was a twenty minute drive out of the city but it felt as if you had stepped into an entirely different universe.
It was a Friday Night, I had just arrived home from work, I shook the snow off my shoulders and embraced the warmth of the apartment. As I hung up my coat and kicked off my boats of I saw Layla’s coat was not on the rack.
”Layla...Layla, babe I’m home, where are you?” absolute silence the only thing heard was my unanswered echoes which bounced off the empty apartment.
”Layla” I shouted again, this was peculiar; usually she was there to meet me at the door on the weekend.
She never worked weekends and always made sure she got us takeout so she could keep me out of the kitchen and all to herself. I went to the bedroom cautiously, I knew how she used to love jumping out of little corners and crevasses scaring the life out of me, to her it was the funniest thing on earth when I screamed like a girl.
”Babe you in here, hello...Layla are you home love?” Nothing, the guest bedroom was as quite as our room. 
I sat on the coach wondering where she could be in this freezing weather. Then the lights went off and the stereos lights began flashing, ‘”Your everything I need, your all I ever want, I stand right by your side, and love when you around, ”I smiled it was Hudson Green’s unconditional love track, the same song I as singing on the day I bumped into her for the first time in the hall way. The bathroom door opened and she walked out with nothing on but her red lace underwear I had bought her a few months back on Valentine’s Day. I smiled thrilled to see her, even more thrilled to see what she was wearing! 
“I’ve got something special planned for you Mr.”
“Oh really Hmm, and what may that be?”
She walked towards me slowly and seductively. She sat on my lap then kissed me up and down my neck.
 ”Wait here” she ordered then, rushed to the room. She made her way towards me with one arm hidden behind her back. 
”close your eyes Cairo. ’
”Babe”, I laughed Okay they closed.”She placed the box in my hand. I opened my eyes. Brand new K. T pennies watch, it was stunning.
 I gave her a look as though I was totally unaware of what was going on and she read it well.
” You forgot... how could you forget Cairo?!”
”Forget what Layla?” 
She sprung out my lap and stormed towards the bedroom. I casually got out my seat. Oh how I loved when she got angry, her nose would crinkle and her cheeks would redden.” I went to my jacket pocket and took out a black box with a red ribbon strapped around it. Then I went to the room door. 
“Babe please let me in,”
”Just leave me alone Cairo, this was so important to me, this was our sixth month anniversary.”
”You promised me, you made a promise Cairo...you lied to me.”I could hear the disappointment in her voice, the joke was over it was time to get serious. 
“Babe I need to talk to you, what’s the big deal it’s only a silly sixth month anniversary? It’s not like I forgot your birthday or something?”
At this point disappointment had turned to anger I could hear her marching from the bed to the door, She swung the door open ready to get straight into me, and found me on one knee.
”Will you marry me?” Her eyes started tearing up, she pulled me off the ground wrapped her arms around me and said 
“Yes, yes of course I’ll marry you!” how could I ever forget babe? I laughed and she thumped my chest then squeezed me again. 
I woke up the next day, and found Layla already awake, awkwardly watching me as I slept.
“Morning creepy!” She laughed then pushed my head aside.
 Everything was going well, I suggested we go get some breakfast then watch a movie. This was going to be one hell of a Saturday. We had so much to do and so many people to call. Well on my side that is, ever since I was with Layla we never spoke about her family she always shut the topic down and all I knew was the mother and Father died in a car accident and she had no siblings. But that was okay my family would be her new family she had been without for so long. I chose to keep the secret about the house exactly that, a secret. I did not want to get her hopes up until the transfer went through and the house was officially ours.
Seeing her smile that morning is a site I will never forget and even though that one special moment still comes to mind, it is soon replaced by the vast blanket of horrific images which occurred on that day. And that was the day when it all went so wrong, the relevance of the actions which took place were of the utmost importance as to why I have become who I am. In a sick way what happened on that day almost killed me, but ironically was the main reason I was still alive.  I was not the only one affected by the events of the day, oh no. Keeping me alive was going to change the lives of thousands even hundreds of thousands around me. These events would change my life and change who I had become and no matter how drastically I felt effected by what had happened on this day, it was a fraction of the pain I was about to go through. I was about to learn how coincidence and a bit of bad luck saved my life.
Chapter 3
It was such a slow day at work, there were a few customers who came in at lunch but other than that nothing exciting. Finally I got the time to relax, it had been a rough few months and days like this didn’t come around very often. I sat at my desk jotting ideas for the house, both relaxed and excited at the same time I was thinking wooden floors, or marble? I had always wondered how much marble costs, probably far out my budget, but I just played with the ideas. Like a kid on Christmas day I was to ecstatic, I couldn’t wait to see her expression, she would be so surprised when she saw the house. I was clawing my way to a successful future and I believed the house would be the base we needed to mark the first mild stone on the way to happy ever after.
 Suddenly my train of thought was interrupted by a loud rumbling, I shouted for my busboy to come switch off the dish washer. That raggedy old thing would shake so violently it would have the whole kitchen vibrating. There was no reply so I turned around to call him and realised the dish washer had not been turned on. Another rumbling, this time followed soon after by a shaking sensation throughout the entire kitchen. Oh no, It was happening again. The kitchen violently shook the sound of colliding pots and pans made the experience even more frightening. The white tiled walls started cracking straight down to the floor and then all of a sudden the windows burst throwing jagged glass across the room.

 I was glued to my chair, unable to move from the fright which gripped me so tightly. I was soon snapped back to reality once a set of steak knife packed in the top cupboards came plummeting down towards my head. I threw myself to the floor just in time. Instinct took over and I crawled under my desk.
I was gripped with fear, curled up in the fetal position waiting for it to end. Layla! I had to find her; I knew how she broke down during the earthquakes. I had to make sure she as okay. So I tried finding my bearings,
 “Okay Cairo breath, just relax its all going to be fine.” I started to count backwards,”6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1,”I took another breath so hesitant to move. 
My body felt like jelly unresponsive and uncooperative. I had to dig deep within myself and muster up all the courage I possessed. Finally I got out from underneath the desk .I knew what I had to do. She was my responsibility I had to protect her; I had to make sure she was okay so I started running. 
The roads where chaotic a sense of desperation layered the city as people fled to the bridges tying t get off the island. In doing so havoc ran rampant as people left their cars abandoned, blocking off the roads, large crowds pushed their way through narrow building exits stamping anyone who fell to death, buildings motor shook loose capsizing the large structures.  It was as if the Armageddon had arrived. No matter what chaos surrounded me, I just kept running, past lost children and delirious bystanders, through large crowds, she was my only priority and I was not stopping no matter what hellish sites I came across.
 After three blocks I had reached our building, my chest burning and my heart pounding. I sprinted up the staircase screaming her name,” Layla, Layla I’m coming.” 
Then it just stopped. Instinctively I stopped as well, my brain in over drive trying to contemplate exactly what the hell was going on around me. I continued to make my way towards her, I knew by now she would have been a wreck, scared and alone. I fumbled for my keys and even though I tried recomposing myself I could not stop my hand from trembling. By the time I reached the door it was already open. Something was odd she never left the door unlocked, and then it hit me she must have run for help. None the less I entered the room I needed to make sure she wasn’t in the flat before I started searching elsewhere.”Layla, Layla where are you?” I ran to the room but standing in the room was not my fiancé. Standing in front of me was the last person I could have imagined to be in my apartment.
“Jacob what are you doing here, were she?””Where’s my wife!”I yelled,
 He smiled” “Easy there kimosabi she aint your wife just yet boy.”
 I was immediately transported to the day he and Sharif were about to throw down. Honestly he scared the shit out of me. I wondered what he was doing here, was he here helping her? I knew how bad she was last time there was a tremor maybe he was just giving her a hand. But before any I could make sense of the entire situation I found myself with my arms around his collar looking straight into his eyes. This was so uncharacteristic of me, but I could not help myself, I went crazy when every I felt Layla was threatened. I’d lose my shit even if she got into little squabbles.

 “I’m not going to ask you again, where is Layla.”Jacob reached his hand around his back,
”Now why you gotta go and do that hey lover boy?”
 His Southern demeanour and charm where his tools of persuasion, allowing him to arouse women straight out their panties and scare men out of their skin. Living outside the law like a renegade cowboy he did what he pleased and had not an inkling of compassion within his heart. 
As I looked deep into his cold eyes I did not even see it coming, suddenly a sharp pain on my head. With one swift upward motion he drove his 9mm gun handle to the side of my temple. As quick as lighting he had raised his weapon and smashed it to the top of my head, on impact I dropped to the floor unconscious and bleeding profusely. I tried hanging onto my consciousness but slowly, my eyes closed as I lay in a pool of my own blood.
The throbbing in my head awoke me, the pain excruciating. In the corner I heard what seemed to be an argument. What the hell was going on, where was I? Slowly it started coming back to me; I caught glimpses of his gun in the air and winced as if it was happening again. I opened my eyes; all I saw was a haze, not able to make out clear picture just slight shapes surrounded by the bright light from the apartment. But there was something more peculiar than the strange scenario, my entire body felt bound. I tried moving my hand but they where constricted, tied together around what I presumed to be the bed post. Blood trickled down my cheek my head throbbed and I had no idea what was going on.
“21 right, 3 left and 12 right.”” I’m telling you that’s the code”
”If that’s the code why isn’t the damn thing opened!”
”Trust me it can’t be anything else it has to be 21, 2, 12.”
“This damn old ass safe, I mean, who the hell uses this prehistoric piece of shit these days!”
I could make out that there was more than one person in the apartment, but everything was still quite fuzzy. One of the voices was too distinct to miss, I knew Jacobs voice, he was loud, crude and unbarring but what’s worse... He was angry! Eventually my vision cleared and I could see Jacob stood there with his back turned to me and another man by his side as they fiddled with my safe. His partner wore a hood over their head, concealing his identity. Jacob turned looked me dead in the eye and turned back to continue on the safe, he didn’t seem bothered that I saw his face. This scared me even more, usually when men committed crimes with their identity on the line they intended not to leave any witnesses behind.
Jacob approached me, squatted down and we were now face to face, “It seems to me, Mr Cairo you fancy yourself as somewhat of a tough guy?”
”You don’t just go around grabbing men by the collars screaming demands at them, I mean who does that seriously!”
” you know why you don’t do that Mr Cairo?”I did not reply,
” I said do you know why boy!”He turned his palm and struck me with the back side of his hand; his large tacky rings widened the gash on my head, the pain was excruciating. 
”Why?” I replied to him with the last ounce of energy I had. I felt I couldn’t afford anymore blows to the head so I played his game.
”Because you just might grab a man like me” he smiled amused at his handy work.
”Now I’m going to ask you one last time Mr Cairo, I’m not as patient as I look so for your own sake please and let me just reiterate just in case it skipped you, Please!  Just tell us that damn safe code.”
“I can make this all stop, hell I’ll even untie you boy, just give me the code.”
I sat in quite protest I had worked so hard, my parents had worked even harder to provide me with my life savings. I could remember how my dad and I would wake up every morning six A.M sharp, by seven we were at the harbour already loading our first crates of fish, day after day. I grinded day in and out for that damn money now he wanted to just walk in and take it, what right did he have? Hell no, I would not succumb to this hoodlum; I was not just about to flush Layla and my future to the toilet.
 He wrapped his large hand around my throat with a smirk plastered across his face ’”Oh this is going to be fun!” 
“I want the 75K boy, now tell me the code and save yourself an ass whipping.” 
Wait how did he know exactly how much I had been saving? Only I knew the exact figure, had he been keeping tabs on me since the beginning? But that was not possible, I mean he every time I came into the apartment the doors were locked, I had never left a window open, so how could he have known?
 “I can see by that ridiculous look on your face you trying to puzzle this whole thing together; well Kimosabi, that aint your problem right now.”
“All you have to worry about is giving me what I want.” Still I sat in silent protest. The frustration built up in Jacob I knew he was at snapping point, but I couldn’t just give it to him. The money was for her, to make sure she had a comfortable life.
”Son, let me make this a little clearer, if you don’t hand over that code I’m going to take this size 11 snake skin and drive the heel so far down your eye socket you’ll shit out your own eyeball!”Shock and courage mixed within me, I had to ride this out and face the pain hoping someone would come and check up on us. I mean after all the chaos that was happening around u surly someone would pop in to check if we were okay. I could see the anger boil within him, he got up and paced back and forth right in front of me, then unbuckled his belt wrapped it around his fist and asked me once again. This time calmer more passively.
”Please give me the code.”
Still I sat in silence, “Remember before I do this, I tried.’’
“I tried reasoning with you Cairo, I tried being civilised but I guess some people don’t appreciate hospitality the way us southern folks do.” 
He took a step back, and then swung the belt to my face, the buckle hit my cheek and split my flesh open. I could hear the bone crushing under the impact of the buckle, repeatedly hacking away at my face until all that was left was a crimson mask and deep gashes from cheek to cheek.
The feeling of cold water surged though my body as he dumped a bucket over my head,” wakey wakey time to get up sunshine.”
”So have you thought about giving us that code yet sunno?”
He came close, so I lifted my head, looked him in the eye then spat straight onto his face. A ball of congealed spit and blood sprayed directly onto him, now the demented man was even more furious had I just thrown petrol onto the already wild fire. He wiped the blood and saliva from his face.
” You are one stubborn S.O.B aint you boy, well hell that’s okay I know how to deal with uncooperative mongrels like you.”
 The glittering shine caught my eye, the large knife he drew now dug into my throat, I could feel the cold steel of the blade pressing against my trachea. The lack of blood and head trauma I had caused me to slip into an unconscious state once again.
 ”No, No you aint falling asleep on me again.”
”You giving me that damn code, or I’m taking that uncooperative little tongue of yours Boy.”He forced my mouth open, I tried to scream but my calls for help were only heard by the walls. 
At this point I could feel the sharp edge of the blade as he pried my mouth open with one hand and ran the tip across the surface of my tongue.”
”Oh well I guess you going to have to write down those numbers down, either way I’m getting what I came for” 
 “STOP”, His partner screamed from across the room. A lady! He was a she and with such a familiar voice.”You said you wouldn’t kill him”, 
Jacob sarcastically replied,” does he look dead to you?”
” more dead than alive, how are we supposed to get the code if he’s too injured to cooperate?”
She turned towards me. Instantly my heart dropped into my stomach, how could this be? Was I dreaming? This could not be real; she could not be here right now.
 “I’m sorry Cairo,”
 She dropped the hood and I saw it was really her, there was no denying the fact that she was standing right in front of me. She walked towards me than gently wiped the blood from my face. She ran her hands through my hair. 

Cairo, please, please listen to me” She placed her hands under my cheeks and held my head up. ‘You have to give us the safe code.”
”He will kill you if you don’t “I sat in the pool of my own blood which was as thick as my disbelief. I was so confused it made my head pain even more.
”Please give me the code and ill explain everything to you.”
 Overwhelmed I tried to answer her,
 “But you let him do this to me?”
“Cairo, please, the code.”
12 right, 2 left and 22 right,” My head argued with my heart, why could she manipulate me so easily.
 I had to know why she was doing this, surly there was an explanation for everything that was going on, she must have been doing this for a reason. But before I even had the time to ask what was actually happening, she was at the safe,”12 right, 2 left and 22 right, Click, the door sprang open she grabbed the money and threw it into a leather bag.
” Why Layla?’’. She stopped and turned to face me, I could see the hurt in her eyes, or at least that’s what I wanted to see ,my view was soon blocked and Jacob was in the frame,
 ”You don’t get it do you, you really think she loved you?”“You pathetic little boy, you were a mark from the beginning.”” What makes you think anyone like her would settle for an average life with an average man like you?”” Come on man, six months and you already wanted to marry her, my friend that’s just pathetic!”Jacob enjoyed the taunting he fed on the fact that he had just emotionally destroyed me, to him it was all a game, a way to shut out the fact that he was in the same situation as I was.
She allowed him to think he was in control, knowing how violent he was and how quickly situations with Jacob could become volatile. She manipulated him the same way she did me, but with him it was her only way of protecting herself from his psychotic demeanour. I was certain he knew the truth, he’d do anything she told him to, and like a love sick puppy she had him in her pocket.
 It baffled my mind, how good this women was at manipulating men, there were so many situations, clearly she had to love me a little bit, how could our whole relationship be such a facade? The times we walked for hours in the park laughing making the lamest of jokes or when we sat in bed just enjoying the comfort of each other’s embrace. So the whole time she was with me she was playing me waiting to get to her hands on my money. She was a black widow, waiting to prey on clueless young victims like myself; it sickened me to think how many other guys went through what I had just endured.
”We played you sonno, you actually thought you had something special, aww how adorable, no my friend you are just a victim of our little investment scheme, you invest every cent you own . . . and we take it ha ha ha.”

 ’’Enough” She tried stopping the persistent man, but Jacob just continued.
”you sad, sad little man.” 
“The city aint made for all of us boy, go back home, go back to the south were things are slower.”
”Go back to your folks and forget about this place.”He stood up, they were about to leave.
 I just had to know one last thing, “the tremors, how did you know about the tremors?”
”Well hell that was just lady luck smiling down on us, we had an opportunity and we ceased it, call it a lucrative coincidence who says good things don’t happen to bad people.”
“Anyways we got places to be and suckers to scam so I bid you a due Mr Cairo a pleasure doing business with you.”
 I looked at her for the last time, she could not do the same, she could not look me in the eye, and with a swift kick to the head Jacob put me to sleep, a sleep I would have to endure for a very long time. 
09-08-2035	
Friday
Diary entry: 2
What the hell was that nauseating stench surrounding me, so thick I could swear I felt it settle on my skin? The strong fumes drove deep into my nostrils awaking every dormant cell in my body. So pungent, so malodorous, I dared not breathe through my nose. Everything was quiet; I had woken from what seemed to be a perpetual darkness, only to find more darkness surrounding me. The black abyss had consumed everything in sight, a strange kind of darkness, leaving a desolate feeling deep inside my bones, making me realise how isolated and deserted I was. The only thing which gave me the faintest sense of relief was the sound of water as it slowly rippled downstream. A river or stream perhaps, but still my mind dwelled on figuring out what that terrible stench was? 
I was weak, delirious and petrified. Where the hell was I? Was I even still alive, or was this the afterlife that awaited me? An eternal foul-smelling darkness, then it all came flooding back. Like a steam train the memories of him, of her rushed through my head. No, I was not dead, I could not be dead, and this had something to do with the two of them. What had they done to me, why was I so weak and where the hell had they taken me? Answers eluded my questions, leaving me totally blank to my current circumstances. I struggled to move, I tried calling for help but my mouth felt numb, I felt completely useless. My body would not react; I couldn’t move a muscle yet I knew I was alive from the continuous pain which surged right through me.
I took a deep breath, slowed my racing heart rate and calmed myself. There was no point panicking now; I had to firstly figure out what was going on around me. Then I could think of the next course of action. That’s when I remembered the tremors. This could have very easily been the work of the earthquakes, had I been buried under my apartment building? Many times I had seen on the news how miners became trapped under collapsed rock and survived the cave-ins for days. Or what about the earthquakes in China a few years back. Survivors were being pulled out of the wreckage weeks after the incident had occurred. This was the only logical reasoning of me being in what was most likely my dilapidated building.
 Eventually I took control of my body and managed to move my muscles inch by inch. Slowly I lifted myself off the floor, but my balance resembled that of a newly born gazelle. I tried finding my footing and constantly fell back to the floor. At least I was on solid ground; I stretched my arms out as far as they could go and was greeted by nothing but emptiness.  Did this mean I could rule out a cave in, surly debris would surround me. That left only one explanation, Jacob and that bitch did this to me!
As I paced around trying to figure out where they had taken me, I soon found myself knee deep in some sort of rancid water. I guess I had figured out the origin of the smell. Disgusted and still quite delirious I felt for the embankment, and found a hard concrete covered edge. This was clearly some sort of canal which was transporting the foul smelling water. I felt around making sure my footing was right then lifted my knee and with all my might stepped out the water. I realised how week I was when such an effortless task felt so taxing.
I screamed his name over and over, but to no avail. All that was heard were the echoes of my anger, flowing down the unknown passageways. “JACOB”, even though despondent I couldn’t give up. I tried this time even louder, realising now how sore and agitated my throat was. Like wall plaster around my jaw I had developed server cotton mouth and each time I screamed his name my lips tore apart from one another. Obviously signs of dehydration, my kidneys throbbed with pain, and my skin itched profusely. But giving up now would mean allowing them the satisfaction of having broken me. 
My cries were soon halted as I realised that something wasn’t right here, I rubbed my face. A thick scar ran across my cheek and another across my forehead. How was this possible? Had he not just slashed me open with his belt buckle, surly the wound should have been fresh? Then I felt a thick blanket of hair around my chin, this could not be, I’m sure I had shaved the day before. What was going on? My anger had turned into confusion, which soon manifested into full out terror. I screamed louder in Panic “JACOB” eventually I got a response.
Chapter 4
”Shh, the man came closer and through the glimmering light of the candle in his hand, I could see his face.”Smith is that you?” the scruffy, bearded man reiterated his gesture. He placed his finger to his lips,” Shhh.” He was an outline of the man I came to know as our building manger. His full bodied figure was replaced by a skinny, food deprived, and lifeless form. His clothes more filthy than usual, grime covered his face as if he had taken a bath in an oil slick and his beard was untamed, thick and dirt ridden.  But why was Smith here? The situation was becoming more disorientating by the minute. Now I had no control of the different scenarios my mind was processing, each stranger than the next, trying to make sense of this whole ordeal.
“Come with me,” his actions where strong and I knew he wasn’t the type of man who asked you twice. Smith grabbed me around the waist, threw my arm over his shoulder and we proceeded onwards. I tried to keep up, but my body kept collapsing underneath its own weight. Constantly the old man had to stop, readjust and swing my arm back over his shoulder. We walked for approximately two minutes which honestly felt like hours. I reached a few conclusions about Smiths involvement in this scenario, but each time however something didn’t add up. Had he saved me? Was he part of Layla and Jacobs plot in louring unknown young victims into their web of deceit? But all this didn’t explain my physical appearance, why was my face healed and how could I have lost so much weight in such a short time. My arms were like twigs, my legs the same. I was at least 20 kilograms under my normal body weight.
We wound down a meandering passage way, on the left side of the water canal. I caught glimpse of the walls and saw graffiti tagged from top to bottom, the light was brighter in this tunnel as the narrowness gave way to a large more open passageway. On the opposite side we passed an abandoned shopping cart, which made the already ghostly scenery that much more spine-chilling. Slowly I was making out exactly where we were, the dark tunnel ways, the foul smelling water, the large iron lids which hung over our heads. This could only be one place; this was the New York City sewer system.
 My thoughts were interrupted, as the tunnel came to a halt, we now stood outside a thick large steel door, which ended the continuous passageway. Smith banged his fist against the door three times waited about ten seconds and banged twice. The door creaked and slowly opened, the light shot out the room and brightened the dark passage. My eyes had to adjust and the last person I expected to see was standing in the door way. 
The tall dark man had a face with few to no expressions, like a blank canvas, he moved to the side and I followed Smith into the dungeon style bunker. But what was Sharif doing down here? He stood unfazed by my presence, like a watchman on guard duty. As I entered further into the bunker, I was taken back to a memory of the apartment building. The day when Sharif stood tall, proud confronting Jacob as his two little girls peered from behind their father’s long legs. Shahkierah and Zara did just as that day, wanting to be involved in welcoming me into their home, yet still knowing they were safely protected by their father’s presence. The curiosity of a child was hard to control and even the stern Arab man could not stop them from wanting to get involved.
My attention was redirected from the girls, to the confines of this disturbing looking place I had just entered. I stood in the middle of the dark grey bunker which was approximately ten square meters wide with a low hanging ceiling and dilapidating walls. Wondering what Smiths reason for bringing me here was. The badly lit room had two candle lanterns pinned up on the walls. The floors were cold and damp; the walls were water logged and somewhat colder than the concrete floors. There was a large dirty mattress sprawled out in the one corner and in the other two equally dirty single mattresses, looking so rancid I wondered how anything let alone anyone could sleep there without contracting an array of different sicknesses. From one corner of the room to the other was a line, covered with clothing still dripping, freshly washed I presumed. A huge machine, well kept and humming ever so gently sat beside a table covered in all sorts of camping utensils. From steel cups to plastic cutlery there was everything one needed to enjoy a meal. Two green plastic chairs accompanied the table, one in mint condition the other somehow had lost a leg but proved it could balance just as well as its counterpart, on only three legs. There was also a badly fashioned wooden book self, which held a bunch of mangled, torn up books and magazines, I caught a glimpse of, “Sir Tolken Johnson’s call of the wild.” The decrepit novel must have been at least eighty or ninety years old. Lastly I spotted a large Persian rug rolled out in the middle of the room right under my feet, which was so soiled I could not tell if it were brown or red. But the most peculiar site inside the entire room was the bunch of strange tools bundled together at the back.
Peeping out of a crate was a long wooden baseball bat. Now you know in 2030, the age of aluminium bats just how valuable an old relic like this was. But to my horror the poor bat had been vandalised to the extent of no return. Large nine inch nails came protruding out the top of the bat; the original grip had been worn down and replaced with what looked to be masking tape. Right next to the bat was the back end of a pool cue which had been sharpened at the tip, looking so pointy I could swear it could pierce through Kevlar if thrust hard enough. Opposite that stood a rusty old machete crusted with a dark red substance of which I hoped it not to be, and a cheap imitation of a Japanese Samurai Katana. But I knew that blade, sure it was sharp but it was locally made and sold for $20 dollars at the local flee market.
But how had I missed her? She was right in front of my eyes the entire time. I was too taken up by this strange place to notice her. The most attractive women sat down on a toolbox, completely minding her  own business and not showing the slightest interest in my arrival. She was short, curvaceous and had a cocktail of brownish red hair. The women was stunning and even in my confused state of mind I could see she was a real beauty. She was about my age, maybe even younger. Her eyes the same colour as her majestic looking hair. She had a sharp jaw, with a deep clef and the cold of the room helped amplify her rosy pink cheeks. Her curvy legs and large breast were kept at bay from my wondering imagination by a tight pair of jeans and little black v-neck which acted as both shirt and bra. But she was not concerned about my lingering stares, in actual fact she did not show the slightest interest in my arrival.  She just continued sliding the blade of her knife against a smooth wet rock at the same rhythm of the melody she softly hummed. 
I felt a tug on my pants leg, as I looked down Sharif’s youngest daughter stood  with a tin in her hand, ’’eat” I stared, still a bit delirious I was not sure what the youngster wanted from me ”eat, eeeaat!”
The child made an eating gesture as she placed the open can in my hands. It was only then that I had realised how hungry I was. All the questions I had stored up soon evaporated and were replaced by my primal instincts to firstly feed. With no time for utensils or eating etiquette I scourged down the food, driving my hand into the can trying to prevent the jagged edges from cutting me open, I scoped out large chunks of the gelatinous beef like substance, not worrying to take a second to breathe. Everybody continued to do their own thing and acted as if I was invisible, allowing me the privilege to eat unbothered. The girls stood watching me until Sharif barked out some orders in Arabic, which sent them running to their mattresses.
Another set of orders from Sharif sent Shahkierah towards me and she too had a can in hand, but this time instead of food was a large tin filled with fresh water. I slowly took the water, not wanting to spook the fright stricken little girl. I have never been a fan of water but this was a luxury I would not pass up. I could feel the immediate effect of the liquid as my lips softened under its silky texture. My kidneys throbbed as the water passed through my back and almost immediately I felt a little bit of life enter my body. When I had finished I handed the can back to Shahkierah and picked up the other to continue eating. As I turned the can for a brief second I caught a glimpse of the label,”Paws, dog food, for a healthy shinny coat and extra strong teeth, a dog’s best friend.”I dropped the can shocked at what I had discovered. Was this some twisted practical joke? But no one seemed to be amused; frankly it seemed quite normal to them. They didn’t even take notice as I spat the remaining residue out of my mouth and onto the floor. Wiping my mouth with the back of my hand I went towards the quite tall man, hoping to get the answers which eluded me.
 ’’Please Sharif tell me what’s going on?””Are you real are we still even alive?””Please help me, let me know!”Sharif stood from the concrete block he had made his chair. Only when we were face to face did I realise how tall he truly was. He stood about a head taller than me; he looked down at me and simply said, “Smith.” This was the first time Sharif and I had exchanged words, and frankly I would not mind it being the last. He was the epitome of scary, tall with a strong slender build and an authority to his presence which made you feel so inferior. His eyes gave away nothing, like a robot cold and unkind. However he too had become a victim to the new surroundings just like the others, his beard long and unkempt, and his hair longer dropping past his shoulders. But one thing he did have control of was his dress code, both his shirt and pants were spotless with not a stain to be seen. 
It spoke a lot about his character, Sharif was a man who honestly believed cleanliness was next to godliness, and strived to bring his girls up in the same manner. I left Sharif behind not asking him a very obvious question, he was there and so were his girls, but where was his wife? As I approached Smith I looked back and Sharif had once again taken a seat on the hard concrete block.
Smith lay with his back on the mattress as he held Zara in his extended arm tossing her up and down. The ten year old giggled with joy, demanding the old man went faster. As I got to the mattress Zara went scampering away to her sister, she was clearly shy of the new stranger who was in her home. It was time to get an answer now, I believed the time of beating around the bush was over, so I came out firm and direct to Smith, taking a chance knowing how volatile the old man could get.
“Where am I Smith? What is this place and where is that BITCH?”
Smith immediately stood grabbed me by the wrist and pulled me to the back of the room. My eyes widened and my skin went pale, oh shit what had I just gotten myself into!
“Firstly my boy, there will be no such language around those precious little angles do you understand. Secondly you’re freaking welcome!” What was he taking about, welcome for what?
Smith figured out the puzzled look across my face and continued, “So before you black out for who knows how long again, brace yourself because I am about to explain everything to you.”His demeanour changed, from anger to more compassion, I knew something incomprehensible was coming.
“It may seem overwhelming but unfortunately there is no point in complicating the truth.””What has happened has happened and it’s up to you to either believe it or fight the enviable truth behind the madness of our new existence.” “So trust me when I say do not spend too much time wondering if it’s true or not, take what I am telling you and embrace it as your new future.”
What the hell was this old man babbling about? I was lost, but believed he was more lost than me, talking in riddles which made no sense. But I was not about to anger him once again, I played his little game and listened on, pretending I was enthralled by the nonsense he was spewing out of his mouth.“ I need you to sit down and listen” Smith demanded. So I did as told. 
Smith began 
“About five years ago I found you in your apartment, bloody and unconscious.” “Someone had tied you up and left you to die a horrible lonely death.” “I knew I had to take you with me, every fibre in my body told me otherwise, to keep running, to think about self-preservation, to not worry about a boy I barely knew who was most likely dead already.” “But my heart said different, it is the most difficult thing in the army to leave a man behind and I guess you should be grateful those habits followed me back home.”
“So in the panic and chaos I picked you up and ran, half way down the stairs I met up with Sharif and his girls.” “Sharif was sprawled out on the floor over his wife’s lifeless corps, “While his girls stood crying looking down at their decapitated mother.” We had no time to sit around and mourn his lost partner; the destruction was consuming the city killing thousands around us.” So with you over my shoulder, I grabbed Shahkierah and demanded she did the same to her little sister, if I could not save their father Id be dammed if I let the two girls share the same fate as their mother.” “We kept running until we hit the exit of the building, it didn’t take long for Sharif to come chasing after his children.” Smith paused as he took a long look at Sharif from across the room and remembered that dreadful day. “Smith then continued, but that’s not the whole story. Do you remember the tremors? I nodded in acknowledgment. “Well that where it all began my boy!” 
“Remember the speculation which circulated throughout the city?” “Some said bombs other said earthquakes, well it was neither!”
“Fire and brimstone rained down from the heaven, destroying everything in its path.”“Rocks in various sizes showered from the sky.” “Some large as minivans, crushing whatever they happened to land upon.” “Others breaking up into sediments spraying down on the city like a chondrite rain storm.””You see Cairo, the quakes where just the beginning, the first meteorites landed in the outskirt of the city, which in turn caused the tremors.” “But the ordeal was quickly covered up by the government.” Why the hell... None of us are sure, but by doing so, they changed the outcome of every single person living, not only in New York City, but in the entire continent.”
Still unconvinced about Smiths story I questioned emphatically trying to see where I could trip him up. “So you telling me that the U.S was hit by a meteor shower of such emphatic proportion and no one knew that it was coming?” I could not restrain myself from laughing. “Please Smith do not patronise me, how do you expect me to believe such a delusional concept?” “Things like that only happen in the movies; we have people out their employed to warn us about things like that, people in meteorology centres, people in NASA, come on Smith what do you take me for, a fool?”
Smith looked me directly in the eyes, I moved a few inches back, like a lion stalking its prey, I tried to  move as subtle as possible, not wanting to spook him. He grabbed me by my collar and pulled me inches from his face, I could smell his rancid breath which was pungent and thick thanks to the rows of rotten teeth in his mouth.
“You think this is a game, you think we are playing some kind of trick on you?”Look around fool, this is no game, for five years we’ve been down here, surviving by the skin of our teeth, not eating for days, fighting for our lives, seeing shit that should not be real.” “I saved your ass boy; whoever wanted you dead did a good enough job.” “You have been in a coma for five years now, and it’s only thanks to me that you are still alive.” “Every day I dragged your ass out there to get some fresh air, every day I washed you, every day I made sure you got some food and water into your system and every day I whipped that soiled ass!” “So think wisely whilst throwing around these stupid comments, before you find yourself up there trying to fend for yourself.
Anger was oozing out Smiths pours, he was furious. He pushed me to the floor, stood up and walked away shaking his head in disappointment. Was he telling the truth? I mean there was no other reason I could be down here, I thought for a while then came to the conclusion, even if he was fabricating the truth, sitting down and hearing what he had to say would do no harm, in actual fact taking an interest in his story might just save me from harm’s way.
I apologised to Smith, explaining how hard it was to believe him from my point of view.  I told him how even he would think the story was preposterous if he had not witnessed it first hand, and after a lot of deliberating, persuading and begging for forgiveness, the old man loosened up and decided to continue.
“People ran in terror, leaving their children behind, as they tried saving themselves from the meteors which came down. People were flattened and cars were totalled as the Armageddon welcomed itself into our city.” Most people fled to any building in site, trying to provide themselves with shelter.” “But unfortunately soon found it was just as bad as if they had stayed on the streets.” “As the buildings and houses they were in came crushing down on top of them.’’ ‘’At least those had the satisfaction of a quicker death. Unlike the thousands which were still stuck in the high rise office building.’’ ‘’You could hear the crackling of flames followed by a thick cloud of smoke which was diluted by their helpless screams as they were consumed by fire.”
“A few brave officers tried to restore control but soon abandoned the people on what looked to be a lost cause, it became every man for themselves as cops drove over pedestrians and medics stepped over injured bodies.” “Mothers left children, husbands left wives and friends abandoned each other.” “The terror was unbearable for most and some stood in shock as the rocks rained down on the earth and reshaped the existence of mankind in a matter of hours.”
“What about us?” Why are we still alive, how could we have survived any of this.” I had been sucked into Smiths story and sat eager, awaiting a response.
Smith had more vigour in his explanation of the day; he was now standing, not only explain verbally but now mimicking the events which took place that day. “As we exited the building door, Sharif grabbed his girl’s hands and began running behind me. On the street I knew we stood no chance, we needed cover, but what was wide and strong enough to shelter us from the impact? If buildings crumbled right in front of our eyes, what could save us from the rocky rain?” 
“Then it hit me, I looked down the street then issued the others to follow behind me and we headed for the nearest manhole.” “The sewers would be our salvation, so we unhinged the lid of the man hole and descended into New York’s dumping ground.” “We sat down there huddled together for three days until eventually the rocks stopped falling.” “All we survived on was a packet of sweets Zara was hiding from her father in her back pack, some rain water from the run off pipe and a packet of jerky I had in my pocket.” “Soon power stations shut down, hospitals closed and food started running scares in one or two years the city looked so baron, you could swear civilised man had never lived here.””What’s worse is we did not know the extent of the damage at the time, was it only New York or was it the entire world, we were in the dark that’s for sure.”
“Why hadn’t others come and rescued us, why aren’t we being saved as we speak?” I tried putting two and two together.”Smith smiled again and repeated what I said, ”Saved’’, no one came and no one will come, they locked us down after the meteors stopped falling.”I was in shock this was not possible.”This can’t be right, it sounded like something I would have read in a comic book, not the reality I would be living in. “They locked down the entire city Smith?,” “City, think bigger Cairo” what did he mean bigger?”,”wait you mean to tell me they have locked down the whole state, that’s impossible.” He shook his head, “they quarantined the whole continent.” We’ve been cut off from the rest of the world for about three years now.” “No contact with anyone, we have been deserted, left to fend for ourselves.”I was baffled trying to contemplate the reasons the world would turn its back on us, surely we needed deserved help from the other countries. I mean, every day my dad and I would sit in front of the TV watching how the U.S was helping this one, and the U.S was saving that one, and even though many opposed and did not agree with the ways of the West, there were more than enough allies which should have come to our aid, including Smiths old employers the U.N.

Suddenly my knees went weak, the blood drained from my brain and I dropped to the floor. I was in too much of a fragile state for my body to be so involved in all this excitement. I had just woken up from a coma and now had to deal somehow with an apocalypse. No, I needed rest, I needed to reenergise before I could make any further judgments on what was going on around us.
Smith helped me to the crusty old mattress and lowered me down ever so gently. As I took my seat, Sharif’s little girl Zara placed a pillow behind my back keeping me off the cold concrete wall. She smiled at me, her shyness slowly dissipating. I looked deep into those brown little eyes and realised that those eyes were not that of a normal girl of her age, they seemed full of fear and pain, heavy with sorrow and fatigue. Her skin dry and lips cracked, It was only then that I had realised the true distress these poor people where in. Their lives looked to be in shambles and as I looked from one corner of the room to the next, glancing at all of them the urge to find out more about what drove them to this lifestyle grew inside of me. If the rocks had stopped falling why had they chosen to stay down here? Surly up top a better life awaited, there had to still be houses intact, grocery stores with edible food and most of all sunshine and fresh air.
I begged Smith to continue, but he urged me to get some rest. Smith was about to realise how persistent I could be, I constantly came up with excuse after excuse, avoiding my resting time. He would not just get me so enthralled in this story than leave me hanging, no I had to know more. The old man shook his head in disbelief of my persistency, but I could see the faintest smile cross his face, he enjoyed telling me the story as much as I was enjoying hearing it. 
“The impact from the rocks did most of the damage, but that was just the beginning.”Annihilation would come in more than one package to North America.” “Bodies lay scattered in the city and the stench was unbearable for almost a year.” We managed to take as few trips to top side as possible.””Across the road is a small grocery shop, it is fairly intact and has been our only source of previsions.””From food to toilet paper everything we have survived on has come from that shop.”
Unfortunately our resources are nearly depleted but the site of mangled bodies and disfigured children still litter the streets, this is one of the reasons keeping us from moving any further.””Some nights I wake up in cold sweats as I see their dead corpses in my dreams.””It was the hardest time for us, those first few months.” “Many days the silence in the air drove me to believe we were the only ones left alive in the whole city.” Occasionally the sound of a barking dog or squawking of a crow above brought back the faith that life on the surface was still possible, if the animals survived, there had to be hope that others were alive.”
 “”You see we thought we were alone for all that time but that wasn’t the case, no we were just the lucky ones.””There were people still up there, maybe hundreds, maybe thousands.””We were oblivious to their existence until one day about two years after we arrived down here, we heard the screams of a woman far in the distance.””Not sure of the origin of the screams or what was causing them, instead we chose to ignore her.” Night after night more and more screams echoed from top side, from men, women and children.””It was honestly the most frightening time in my life, and all we could do was hideaway in the bunker not sure of what was up there.”
Chapter 5
“See the rocks weren’t just dormant bulks of stone, no they had much more to them” “Once they had entered our atmosphere they released a toxic gas, the gas started no thicker than mist, but as time went by it became denser, until eventually as thick as smoke.””Now we never knew how to treat this foreign substance which lay spread across our town, so we kept clear of it as long as we could.” ”Until hunger got the better of us that is, one night as the girls cried from the hunger pains which taunted them, Sharif reached snapping point.””He was not just going to sit there while his children starved to death, no he had enough.””He grabbed a cloth, wrapped it around his mouth and without the slightest hesitation ascended into the gas.””We waited at the man hole for hours in anticipation of his return, but nothing.””Thinking he was dead I led the group back to the bunker, I was completely lost, unsure of what to do next.”
”That was until he came strolling through the door like nothing had happened, as if it was a normal day and a normal food run.” Smith laughed while remembering the actions of that day,” We found out the gas was a little irritating at times, but not harmful to us, or so we thought, sure the gas had no effect on us, but that was not the case for the people up top.”“Those exposed to the gas started changing in the strangest of ways, weird things started happening to them, but the strangest thing throughout the entire event was that it only happened to a select few.”“Some survivors were completely okay once exposed to the gas, while others however . . . well let me try explaining as bet I can!”
“I remember the first time we saw one of them, Sharif and I had just finished raiding our little grocery store, as we exited we came across a man and women who had taken refuge in a small car just outside the door.”“Fear and excitement caused Sharif and I to draw our weapons, which at the time comprised of a golf stick and screw driver.” “The couple begged us not to hurt them so we lowered our weapons, and started conversing with them.”“We found they had survived by taking shelter under the east bridge which still stood intact.”“We begged them to come join us in the safety of the sewer.””But they opted to stay up there; they said they would only be staying for a week or so before travelling up North to Canada.”” Week after week however we found them still at the grocer, they had converted the car into a small mobile home and had somewhat given up on the idea of moving north.””To cut a long story short the one day as Sharif and I went to get some supplies, I knocked on our new neighbours car door to say Hi.”“There was no one home, then I thought to myself, ah eventually they decided to make the move, but I was so wrong.”“From the corner of the store, I saw the women franticly waving her hands in the air screaming.”“Sharif wasted little time, he drew the golf stick in the air and the two of us slowly we made our way forward.”
Her companion was laid out on the floor, screaming in agony his body continuously convoluted, making him look like that dam possessed girl from the cult flick the exorcist.”“We stepped back in horror as his face broke out in a red rash with hundreds of little blemishes clustered together, filled with puss, some bursting under the built up pressure, releasing a watery substance.”“The smell permeated the walls, immediately filling the store with a rotten stench as pungent as spoiled meat”“His skin became white and ashy, he looked pale and sick, as he screamed in agony.’”“His gums bled exposing the crimson mess which was now his mouth.”“The man clawed at the concrete, leaving a trail of blood and matted finger nails on the floor ““Just as the convulsions stopped and we thought it was over, his pupils began dilating which lead to a milky white membrane covering his eyes.”
“He started shaking again, throwing us back into the anxious state we had withdrawn from, but this time, the shakes more violent, more aggressive than the previous convulsions.” “The man’s body started contorting and reshaping I heard bone readjust and soon he was off his back and now face down on the floor.””We thought the man was dead, Sharif and I stood in wonder of what to do with this man’s corps? What if he was contagious should we have left him?””His hysterical girlfriend was now in the course of having a full out panic attack; she screamed tugging at his body, begging him to wake up.” “She got her wish I guess, with one swoop leap he was up scampering across the floor like a wild cat and disappeared into the parking lot.”“Sharif and I still disillusioned by the events which had just taken place froze on the spot, unable to move.” 
Smith could see that I had escaped my doubtful ways and rather taken his story as exactly that, a fictional enjoyment. “You think that’s bad boy, Ha! That was just the beginning; this thing was one of many, there were hundreds of them running around the city and I could only presume thousands around the country, they had reverted to the most primal state. “”Developing an unfailing hunger, a need to constantly feed, killing whatever walked in front of them, and when there were no more animals or humans to eat, they started eating each other.”
“Yes they became Cannibals my boy, with limited brain function they killed each other to feed, truthfully this was really good for us, the more dead the less we would have to deal with.”“They still had a sense of humanity however.”“Once they had figured out how there numbers were dwindling they started gathering together for protection from one another.””We had become mere casualties of this new species in their primeval war.”
Smith stood up and walked towards Shahkierah who had a hot cup in her hand, he took it from the little girl wiped her dirty cheeks and smiled at her. He passed me the herbal tea, and I sat sipping it while I tried to register what was going on. I could not fathom the idea of our new existence; clearly the old man had to have been senile. But then what about the others? The situation was no joke, these people were gripping onto life by a thread, what he was saying had to have some truth behind it. The mark on my face, the beard, my lack of body fat, I obviously had been asleep for a while, he could be right, maybe I had been in a coma for five years, and what about the others I’m sure they would not choose to live like this. Something strange was going on. But then it hit me, no there was something wrong, something lingering in the air, I had not mentioned it yet, but would soon have my answers.”I put the cup down and in the most passive voice asked him
”Smith, you say I have been in a coma for what, five years now?””Look I’m no Doctor but, how could I be alive today if I was asleep for so long? I mean, how did I eat, how did I breath, how did I take a shit? Smith just pointed towards Sky, Sky was still not the least bit interested in our conversation and acted as if I was not even in the room.”
“She is the reason you are still alive Cairo, we were baffled unsure of what to do with you when we first got down here. We freaked out each day when our attempts to feed you and clean you went so wrong.”“That is until we stumbled upon Sky.””One week down here and she had made Sharif and I run across the city to the emergency ward, were she demanded we bring back that huge pile of machinery you see in the corner over there. We then stole a car battery; brought it down here and last minute raided the pharmacy for what looked like a life time of medication.” “Just imagine Cairo, this was when things were still so ripe, sure we did not have to deal with any of those hideous monsters but, leaving the security of the sewer and going so far inland was an extremely daunting task for Sharif and I!”
”Either way that’s neither here nor there, Remember I told you it was thanks to me that you were still alive, well truthfully Cairo it was thanks to Sky, had she not been a paramedic, well hell boy you’d still be rotting down there in the passageways.”“Day after day she taught me how all those tubes worked, and day after day I learnt until I could manage to look after you on my own.” “We never had one hiccup with your condition until, the car battery which kept your machines running died.””Cairo it was a hard time for us, we all braced ourselves waiting for you to... how can I put it gently, kick the bucket.”
I could see some emotions in the crude old man’s face while he explained, and could only imagine how they had to explain to the girls what would happen. But Smiths mood quickly lightened up as he continued, “But then miraculously you started healing on your own, day after day you pushed through, Sky had given you four, maybe five days max in these conditions with no machinery supporting you. But you were not ready to leave this desolate place, you stubborn little bastard.” There’s something real strange about you boy!” Smith laughed as he patted me on the back. ”Eventually you were so stable I had the privilege of cleaning you in passageways, away from the girls which soon led to me taking you out every day, in the hopes you would get fresh air, outside of the congested bunker.” 
I was so grateful to Smith for all he had done, but for now there was only one person in my mind. Sky had saved my life, but I was so scared to approach her, too scared to thank her, the next best alternative was to wait it out and thank her when she opened up and took down her shield of unsurety towards me. The exhaustion of this all soon caused my eyelids to shut and as I slipped into another sleep all I could picture was Sky and how she saved me, like Smith said if it were not for the kind hand of coincidence, bringing Sky into our lives I would be dead right now.
I was exhausted; to think after sleeping for five years I was ready to sleep again. Smith suggested I take the mattress and in a matter of seconds I was out. Not knowing that very soon all my questions about this broken reality would be answered.
Chapter 6
My mind was in shambles and things were about to get even worse. As I tossed and turned thanks to the uncomfortable mattress which I now called my bedroom. I was soon awakened by a loud crash from the street above. All three adults jumped out of bed at attention staring up at the bunker ceiling in a trance like state. It was absolutely quiet, even the girls shivered in utter silence. Out of the blue Smith shouted, “Move, come on you lazy bastards, lets hustle go go go!” Like a drill sergeant he barked out his orders, “we have to make sure it doesn’t get to the food.”
I looked to Sharif hoping for the slightest bit of reassurance, but there was nothing except that damn blank facial expression. Then he reacted, eventually, I thought to myself. He gave a nod to Sky who was up digging through the large crate at the back of the room. She grabbed the nail tipped bat and sent in hurdling towards Sharif. I closed my eyes thinking it would pierce straight through his hand, but to my surprise he caught it with one swift grab. Sharif then took to his knees at the side of his quivering young kids and began talking to them in a deep serious tone. Not A query from either of the children, they were absolutely obedient. A silent understanding between both parent and child, As Zara a Shahkierah showed great maturity by not flinching from their fathers instructions.
As I redirected my attention to Sky, I saw her holding an old revolver in her hand, the 45 calibre long colt was honestly more of a museum relic than a modern day weapon. Like a deer in the head lights I stood unsure of what to do as I watched the three of them scramble across the room, prepping for what? I had no idea. Smith pulled a rusty machete from his belt, the dull blade so well concealed only visible once it had been drawn. The three sprinted to the door leaving me clueless as to what was happening, not knowing what was going on or what I should have done next; my instincts took over and I hobbled after them, I wasn’t sure if I should have stayed with the girls or if they wanted me to follow them so I just ran. As I made my way to the exit Sharif stood at the large door waiting to shut it, I ducked under his extended arm which held the door handle. He looked over at his kids one last time, smiled then sealed them in.
As they raced down the passageway they left me behind, I mustard up all my strength and pursued the three figures which had become shadows in the distance. My body was telling me to slow down and take it easy, but fear drove me to push on. Truthfully now in the middle of nowhere, caught between the bunker and my companions, I had an urgency to reach them, insuring I did not become stranded by myself in the long dark maze like passage ways. I saw light peeping into the bend of the corner passage and as I reached it I found them ascending to the top of the streets. Just As I made my first steps onto the ladder I could see Sky climbing out onto the street, the other two were already up there doing who knows what.
As my eyes peered into the light I had to squint, not yet used to the bright sight of sunshine. I readjusted my eyes, not only from the bright light which semi-blinded me but more from the shocking sight which immerged before me. Was this the city I loved? Was this the place I had left my home for, a bundle of emotions filled me as I lay eyes on the wreckage which was once known as New York City.
Well kept roads where now, cracked dusty pathways which hadn’t felt the rubber of tyres in years. The parks in the distance were now like jungles, filled with over teeming grass and weeds which consumed the see-saws and swings. Cars sat abandoned, waiting for their owners who had left them in the midst of the chaos, but the most obscure element however was the huge hole in the grounds and the large rocks which were scattered throughout the city. Some meteors implanted deep into buildings, others lying on top of smashed cars.
 The contrast in the situation though was the air, it was crisp and after all the factories and cars stopped, the environment had a chance to breathe again. I lifted my nose to the sky and inhaled the crisp air, immediately being transported home to the unpolluted little town in South Africa.
The overwhelming feeling of this was soon engulfed when I took a look to my left and caught the devastating site of the rundown buildings. Some had collapsed others still blackened from the electrical fires which burnt them and everyone inside of them to a crisp. But the worse feeling however was the amount of scattered bones which were spread across the city. Heaps of undug graves lay bundled together in the middle of the streets. Bones in every form from big to small lay next to each other, New York City had literally become a burial ground. 
I remembered when Smith explained how the site of all the dead bodies kept them from coming up to the surface for regular visits and I could only imagine how he felt. I had it easy compared, Smith and the others had to see the rotting faces of the victims and smell the decomposing stench which most likely lingered around the city from the countless bodies which rot in the NYC sun.
Ear piercing screams interrupted my confused psyche, and in the distance I saw what my mind didn’t want me to believe. A man in a torn pin stripe suit with one shoe on shuffled around trying to figure out what constricted him. He screamed and shook like a wild animal and pulled furiously at the chain which bound his leg. From the distance I could see his skin was pale just as Smith had explained and those eyes white and soul-less, he foamed at the mouth but other than that he was still a man, an outline of a man at least. Then it dawned on me,” So smith had been telling the truth about all of this.”The man or animal, whatever I could refer to that thing as stopped howling and looked straight at us. 
As he paused his screams were replaced by the sound of slight grunts, which became somewhat of a purring noise. I could not believe my eyes, the old man was right. I felt quite foolish now, doubting what Smith had told me. I should have believed him from the beginning as soon as I saw the conditions they were living in and what had become of them. But there was no time to reminisce on what I should or should have not believed; I had this thing in front of me and no idea if I should have jumped back down the manhole or run to the safety of the grocery store. Before I could react he slowly started walking towards us, the creature picked up speed from a slow jog he came running towards us as fast as an Olympic sprinter.
There was a sudden jerk as the rope around his leg tightened and then sent him whipping back colliding straight into the shop window behind him. Sharif had placed a trap right in front of the grocery shop door, which kept any unwelcome visitors at bay. He had looped the rope into a slip knot wide enough to cover the entrance of the door; he then tied the opposite end to the minivan parked outside. It was simple and primitive, but it did not have to be complicated or elaborate for the type of victims he was hoping to scare.  I assumed the situation was under control; surely that impact would have rendered him unconscious. 
But the creature slowly grabbed the broken window frame, slicing his hands open as he pulled himself out the store. He got back to his feet and yet again came charging at us. This time the strain on the rope was too much and it snapped, freeing the man and sending him our way. We all froze as he approached, then Smith shouted,” SKY!”Sky aimed the revolver at the creature and tried releasing her rounds, but nothing, all that came out was a clicking sound and even I knew the old gun relic had jammed. Before we had time to contemplate our next move the creature was within reaching distance.
It mowed down Sharif; and both of them went sliding through the dust. Before Sharif could defend himself it drove its blunt bacteria ridden teeth deep into his arm. Blood poured from the wound, as the creature reared its head readying itself for another bite, Sharif screamed for our help. Without time to think Sky ran over to where Sharif now lay and swung the gun at the creatures head. There was a dull thud and the man went rolling off Sharif. Still dumbstruck from what was occurring in front of me I realised I had not moved an inch throughout the entire ordeal, my mind was trying to tell my body to move but fright had paralyzed me. 
The creature raised itself from the ground, but how was this remotely possible; half its head had been caved in. Again it made its way towards us. There was a sudden sound of steal rubbing against leather followed by a flash of metal which whipped past me and when I looked up Smith had drawn his machete from his belt and it stood risen in the air. As soon as the creature was close enough Smith drove the blade deep into its skull, there was a sound of cracking bone then a fine red shower of blood.
 As it lay on the floor, Sky took no chances; she repeatedly kicked the creature in the head which dislodged it from Smiths blade. This time the creature had been put down permanently, I hoped at least. My eyes stood wide and my heart raced. I looked to the floor and Sky was at Sharif’s side tending to the wounded mans arm. What would happen now, only time would tell?
22-10-2035	
Friday 
Diary entry: 3
I was caught between this new reality which I had woken up to, and the ever evolving presence of the strange and ruthless beings which surrounded me in this new world. I could not wrap my head around what I had witnessed, How could that thing be real? How could that thing once have been human, someone’s friend, brother or maybe a husband? What had mankind been reduced to? My mind was lost as I contemplated the reality of the creature in the pinstripe suit with a single shoe on its foot fighting the restraint which bound it. The tenacity the creature possessed was astonishing, constantly driven by a perpetual hunger reborn to merely kill and feed. I remember looking into its soulless eyes, the only thing I saw was my petrified face staring right back at me. It had no animosity, no judgment between what was right and wrong, all it wanted from us was our flesh. 
These creatures were so at home in this new environment and so in tune with their new surroundings. The back drop of this new city scared me but was so fitting to their existence, buildings left destroyed, bodies scattered throughout the street and these creatures, these damn monsters patrolling across a canvas of destruction, once known as The Big Apple.
 How would we survive, how could anything survive in this place? It would take being a monster, if you wanted to make it out here, and that’s exactly what I had. I now shared my home with three of them, the way they handled themselves, the way they butchered that creature. Frankly I was not sure who was more dangerous, that rabid beast or my new bunk mates!
Chapter 7
“Sky, stay with him, you come with me.”
Smith began taking control of the situation as he ordered us into position; he knew what the consequences of being overly exposed and wanted us back in the sewer ASAP. He had been in similar circumstances before, if not here most definitely in his previous line of employment. It was as obvious as daylight the Smith was used to deliberating orders, telling people what to do simply came naturally to him. With being such a high ranking officer it was rare when the pressure of tasking units was not entirely his responsibility. Sure he had made some bad calls in the past, but had learnt from his mistakes, and the best lesson he had learnt was to never second guess his gut feeling. This place was just as bad as any war zone, desert or jungle, he had toured. So Smith knew he would have to trust his judgment more than ever before. He knew that with our lack of training he would have to be just as hard and direct, as he was on his previous platoon. It was strange, the closest thing I could compare his contrasting characters to was a schizophrenic teddy bear, in the bunker so loving and calm, as he played with Zara tossing her up into the air and catching her ever so gently. To this man who now stood in front of me, ice-cold, a calculated controlled Cy-Borg
 Like sheep to a Sheppard we flocked to Smith waiting for him to lead us out of this precarious situation. Sky bent over Sharif’s body and examined the wound just as Smith had ordered. The bite was deep; it had broken the skin and severed through his flesh, causing severe tissue damage. Sky started taking care of the wound, the bleeding could be stopped, but the real killer out here was infections. If it was not properly disinfected, gangrene would set in, which meant amputation of the limb. Once again the knowledge Sky had obtained in her previous career was vital to our survival. 
While she cleaned and dressed the wound she could not help herself from repeating her old instructor’s teachings.”Now remember class, the human mouth contains from 500 to 1000 different types of bacteria, most regular brushers have 1000 to 100 000 different type of bacteria living in their mouth alone.”
”What does this mean if you are...”Sharif grabbed Sky as he winced under the pain and tugged at her arm, gesturing she stop her repetitive annoyance. She immediately got the picture and continued dressing his wound in complete silence.
Smith was already bee-lining towards the grocery store and had set a brisk pace; the old man was walking with intention, clearly forgetting about my frail conditions. I looked across the street where Sharif and Sky sat, undecided if I was merely checking up on Sharif’s condition, or making sure the man whole was not too far out of reach. I knew exactly where I was heading if another one of those things popped up!
 We entered the automatic door of the grocery store, which now was only a frame, hopelessly sliding away as we stepped in. The left side of the building immediately caught my eye, as I remembered how the man in the pinstripe went smashing through the large window. Chunks of his flesh still hung from the blood stained glass pane. The feeling was so overwhelming I could just imagine the pain a normal human would go though, if they tried lifting themselves from the jagged frame as he did. But he did not flinch, he did not react to anything, he clearly was not a normal human being! With my head turned to the glass and still walking forward, I collided into the old man’s back; he did not move an inch.  He was still solid and strong despite his age. Smith stopped, looked around making sure everything was in order then gave Sky the thumbs up, who the mimicked the gesture from across the road.”
Smith turned to me, his voice so serious, so full of passion; he placed his right hand on my shoulder. “We need to make sure we protect this place, think of this place as our new heart Cairo,””It is worth us risking our lives for, it’s the only liable food source we have for miles, we have to lay our lives on the line to protect this place.”
I seemed to understand now, they needed this shop, and this shop meant everything to them. It had comforted them in hard times; it had been a constant, always providing them with what essential’s they needed to sustain their way of living. They knew if it fell, they would have to leave the safety and relative comfort of the bunker in search of a new home, which was too risky, especial with the young girls. To think they were willing to risk their lives for the store, but why? When the obvious was to just transport the food down to the sewer, and have it all right beside them, why take the unnecessary trip each time? I had to ask Smith,
 “So why not gather the food and take it down with you, it’s just the practical thing to do Smith?” Smith nodded in agreement, “It may seem that way Cairo, and it would take a lot of strain off all of us don’t you agree, but just think about this for a second.”
”In those dark and damp conditions the food would spoil much quicker than up in the fresh air of the store, plus like I explained this is not just your ordinary store, we have invested countless hours in this place.””So you see all those fridges in the corner?” If you look close enough you will be amazed to see they are still running.”Smith was right, how the hell was that possible, all the power in the entire block was dead let alone the city, how did these fridges manage to work? But no matter how hard I pondered the complexity of these working fridges. It made no difference because they were in front of my very own eyes perfectly cool and crisp.
 Smith went on;”This is because Sharif and I have been working on those damn things for years now; we have managed to rewire their motors and connect them to a School bus parked outside.” I looked towards the two tall Cola refrigerators which had a bundle of wires running across the floor, up the wall and out the window, to the large school bus battery parked outside. Smith continued his explanation of his little experiment which they had developed. “Twice a week we come up, start the engine and let the bus idle, giving our food a chance to freeze until we return.””Look most of our food is canned, some as you know hardly regarded as food.”Smith giggled, “Anyway even preserved can food has its expiry dates, this way the food has a bit of a longer life span.”
Smith walked towards the fridges and did a quick routine check; he gave it a little kick in the corner which seemed to jolt up the motor sending the fridge into a vibrating frenzy. He then walked in the opposite direction. Treading across a pile of scattered boxes, can and roof debris. He began examining a row of large shelves, which were still stacked with detergents, toiletries and the other essential the group used, helping them make their uncomfortable lives a bit more tolerable. The pin stripped man or animal, or whatever the hell he was had not made it into the store so everything still seemed intact, 
As Smith walked back to me he shouted, “Thank goodness for Sharif’s sneaky little trap! “”Seems like everything is okay in here Cairo, lets head back to the others, time to get our asses back home.” 
When he reached me he threw his arm over my shoulder, turned me around and we walked towards the door. It seemed he had forgotten about my medical condition as he leaned his entire body weight on my shoulder. “We better get outta here now Cairo, unless you want to wait around for another one of those things, truthfully speaking I like killing a few of these bastards once in a while it keeps me on my toes.”The old man’s psychotic humour frightened me. I franticly shook my head in disagreement, even though it was obvious he was making a joke, I was taking no chances.
 As we walked towards Sharif and Sky I worried about the tall Arab, I wanted to know exactly what was going to happen to him. I never knew how to address the topic, the things I wanted to ask Smith sounded so ridiculous in my head, now imagine how crazy I would sound once I said them out loud. The eagerness to know more about what would happen to the Arab man, who I presumed was now infected pestered me so badly I had to come out and ask Smith.
”So what’s going to happen to Sharif, will he...you know” Smith looked at me ever so confused, “No I don’t, will he what?”,
’’Well will he turn into one of those things; I mean it bit him quite deep and generally isn’t that how it works?”
He turned to me and looked me dead in the eyes, his nose was practically touching mine and once again I could feel that rancid warm breath against my face. I was terrified even more so than before, after seeing firsthand what he could do with that machete. Then he burst out into laughter.
”HAHAHA turn into them, what you think these things are, Zombies kid?””No you don’t turn into them, if that was the case Id be turned four or five times by now.””Hell I get bitten by those things on a weekly basis.” He pulled back his collar showing me the mark in his neck where one of the creatures snuck in its blunt teeth, then he lifted his left pants leg, exposing another bite in the middle of his calve, and those where only two of the many bites on Smiths body. 
His domineer changed and he became more serious.”Listen to me boy, these things aren’t like any of those science fiction movie type living dead creatures, no these are much freaking worse. Think of them as wild predators that walk upright, have opposable thumbs and have the brain capacity to do only one thing, hunt.” “They don’t bite you and turn you, they rip the flesh from your bones while you still alive.”
“They hunt in small packs each with a leader, their ways similar to that of wild dogs.””Thankfully all we’ve had to deal with is the occasional stray, like our friend over there.”Smith pointed to the creature in the pin stripe suit that now had a hole in its head as deep as a crater.
 “A whole pack would annihilate us, we’d never stand a chance, their newly developed strength and speed already puts us at a huge disadvantage and a pack would completely tear us to shreds””Truthfully the only weapon we have against them is their degenerated brains, making us the smarter of the two species.” “So don’t think some slow rotting corpse with their arms extended is going to come trotting up to you.” “These things are faster and stronger than they were as humans and a thousand more times tenacious!””You have to be smart kid, work together and learn to think under pressure.””We have been doing this for a while and each time it feels as if it’s my first, trust me we have become monsters in our own right, most of us weren’t hardwired to be killers but we are creatures of evolution and have adapted to become hunters, hunting the same thing which preys on us.
Chapter 8
A sharp pain ran through my neck, I opened my eyes; I was still exhausted, my vertebra felt so twisted and knotted. I was still in a fragile state from all the days I  had been in the comma,  alas there was no relief for my aching body, I was forced to sleep on the thin mattress which aggravated my sore bones even more so, on top of it all, I had to share the 10 inch sponge with Smith. I pushed the old man’s feet away from my face, and then slowly rose. Even though my body still ached I could feel my strength coming back day after day and now I was able to effortlessly get myself out of bed
It’s been around three months since I’ve been down here. I’ve somewhat adapted to this new lifestyle as best I can. The hardest thing for me was getting used to the physical aspects of this new way of life.  I am used to grinding through tough situations but not to this extent. Bear in mind before my family had saved enough money to open up the fishery, we owned a small smelly fishing trawler which my dad and I would go fishing on for days on end, at sea. So the living conditions I could get used to, it was trying to come to terms with the idea of this new existence, we were trapped under here like a bunch of ground hogs, with ravenous hunters above us who wanted nothing more than to eat us alive. We were so limited it felt like I was in a concentration camp, I could not go up top to smell the fresh air, I could not go take a walk in the sunshine, the only thing I had to occupy my time with was the long dark passageways of the sewer.
The day’s seemed so long, most nights even longer. I had waged war, and was in a constant battle against boredom, thee oh so irrelevant things kept me entertained for hours on end. “To think, how many hours I sat playing hand games with Sharif’s daughters, or the hours I sat on my bed reading novel after novel, until I had finished all 18 books on the book shelve and had been reduced to reading Shahkierah’s girly magazines. If it was not for my daily workout, I honestly think I would have lost my mind. I spent hours sweating in the passageway just outside the bunker door pumping weights as hard as I could and trying to regain the body I had before the comma. My equipment was much more primitive down here as opposed to the five star Gym I was a member of a few years back, but here or there the results were all the same.
My routine was basic but effective comprising of 3 sets of twenty crunches, followed by 2 sets of 100 jumping jacks, then 3 sets of 50 squats and that was just the beginning, after I was done with my cardio I’d hit the weights and push the boundaries of my health. Before I arrived Smith had made himself a barbell, which I might add I had taken over. On a supply run to the little grocery shop across the street, he gathered together two 10 gallon paint cans, a 2meter iron bar and two bags of cement. The crafty old man emptied the paint cans and brought all his materials down to the sewer, where he assembled the item together by adding the cement to each can, placing the cans at the end of the bar; waiting until the cement hardened and presto! We had a fully functional Barbell.
But for now exercise was the last thing on my mind, my neck ached, and I found this to be a common result due to that damn mattress. I could not put all the blame on the uncomfortable mattress however, I was in no condition to be exercising as hard as I was, and this was definitely the main cause of my stiffness. Many time the others tried to stop me, telling me I was still too weak to push that hard. I would agree and tell them Id slow it down, with no intention of doing so. I would not be satisfied until I was at my peak and as strong as I used to be. 
I stood straight reaching up to the ceiling stretching out my entire body, then covered Smith with the blanket we shared, immediately the old man snorted, mumbled then turned to his side. After dealing with Smith I gazed upon the rundown room we now called our home. This place was truly the pits, the sewers were never made to sustain life, and how we had done it for this long was nothing short of amazing. Even though we had the bunker, it was still not sufficient enough to call home, let alone raise two young girls. The bunker was a complete shit hole, The walls were a dark greyish colour, covered with fungus; they acted as a blank canvas for the water stains which painted them from ceiling to floor, my lingering boredom caused me to stay up many nights depicting different pictures from the water stains, my favourite stain was the one right above my mattress, the long protruding figure from its round counterpart reminded me so much of the long nosed, fib telling, little boy, Pinocchio.
There were no walls; hence no boundaries, the only time you got some freedom from the group was when you walked in the passages of the sewer or proceeded to the old runoff water pipe for an ice cold shower. Sometimes I would just sit in the narrow sewer passageways and feel the air run past my face. The bunker would become so claustrophobic at times with all of us in that room; you would often feel as if you were stuck in a shoe box.
The hideousness of the room was magnified by the repulsive furniture which lay scattered from side to side. But nothing more untidy, more eerie, more dishevelled, than the weapons pile. Bats, machetes, spears, axes and the rest of the crude weaponry lay all around the little crate box. I had initially just seen a hand full of the weapons on my arrival to the bunker, oh how I was shocked when I witnessed axes being pulled from underneath pillows and knifes being revealed from under mattresses. Smith always said you could never be too safe in the new world, and even with the safety of the bunker he was still very paranoid.
The only comforting commodities of the entire room were the dozens of blankets we had been stock piling. Every time we went for supplies and got the chance we took one or two down with us, until eventually the little grocer had not one left on the shelves. They were so versatile; we used them for so many different thing. We lined the bottom of the mattresses to make the beds a bit thicker and used the others as pillows; we kept ourselves warm and even occasionally used them to entertain the girls by making crude looking tents.
Other than the blankets we also owned a little gas stove that was responsible for most of our cooking; however more and more meals had to be consumed cold due to the lack of gas bottles. The grocer was running out and limitations on hot meals were implemented. Another main feature in the bunker was the long rope which hung above, it served for an array of different tasks, from hanging washing to holding lanterns. Smith initially installed the line to try and create a barrier and give Sky and the girls some privacy by hanging up a blanket. However that idea only lasted a few hours and almost immediately the blanket was removed and the line became a constant tool at our disposal.
The passageways became my salvation, whenever I had reached boiling point and needed some space away from the group I could head outside the bunker for some R&R. Don’t get me wrong the quietness of the passages was lovely, but sitting in the pitch dark could be relaxing for only so long. Some time I could feel the presence of non existing entities standing right beside me, sometimes I would freeze from shock swearing something was watching me. During workouts the bunker door was open and all my equipment was directly in the light coming from inside. But in the passages there was no lanterns, no light, only darkness. Deep down I knew there was nothing lurking around down there, I knew it was just delusional paranoia rearing it deceptive head. But that did not make the bangs which echoed down the pipe line, or the shadows of the passing rats less scary.
 But regardless of how scared I would get, I needed the relaxation time. As I stood in the middle of the bunker I decided that’s exactly what I needed, Id skip the workout today and give my body a chance to rest. So I grabbed a blanket, took a bottle of water and headed down the east corridor, my favourite passage. I found my spot which I had made into a little salvation point from thee announces of the group, sometimes a guy just had to do guy things in his own privacy, if you know what I mean.
 There was only one thing that could snap me out of the state of euphoria as I lay on the blanket in the quiet passageways, and that was the odours of Sky’s meals penetrating through the passages. The smell of food would send me running back to the bunker in a hungry frenzy. Since I woke up I had lost my passion for cooking, I often asked myself what the point was when one had so little to work with. But subconsciously I knew the real reason; I knew the last meal I made was for her before she betrayed me.
Sky was extremely exceptional at rationing our food; she had a talent for using what limited goods we had acquired, constantly pushing the boundaries of the canned cuisine. She tried adding her little touches here and there; trying to make sure the meals were as appealing as possible. Take for example our staple oat breakfast; she always tried to find a mean of lighting the monotonous meal up. Maybe today she’d add a sprinkle of sugar, perhaps next week a dash of cinnamon? But her most creative pieces came in the form of our Supper dishes, my favourite comprising of tinned pilchards on a bed of instant mash soaked in a thick succulent sauce made from reduced canned apricot jam. Our suppers were always accompanied by a side dessert consisting of preserved cherries and a sprinkle of cocoa powder.
 Even though Sky’s attempts were admirable, food had lost that “je ne sais quoi”, the excitement of cooking eluded me, the magic had died. After so much time eating all this processed tinned food my body craved some fresh produce. Oh What I’d do for a bowl of Tagliatelle cooked al dente in basil and coriander infused oil with a fair shaving of parmesan cheese. Or an A-grade matured steak, medium rare with a healthy serving of sweet potato fries. Alas we had to make do with what dwindling supplies we had left and day after day, there was less pilchards on mash and more boring old plain baked beans.
For now I was accepting our basic, tasting dishes. I was even okay with our repetitive lifestyle, for one reason. I was so grateful we had not seen another reaper since the incident at the grocer. By the way, that’s the name we had come to give those hellish creatures, those damn death dealers .The name was quite literal, all they did was bring death, hence reaper, in fact they where the embodiment of death, shells of what where once humans, now slaves to the constant hunger, killing without the understanding of remorse. The only thing left from their humanity was their outer appearance. They still looked like humans, well relatively at least; the gas had disfigured them, but not to the point of them being unrecognisable. I remember the pin stripe man’s face; there was no denying he was once human.
Smith spent hours explaining all the encounters with the different types of reapers he had come across over the years; he told me he never fully understood their level of intelligence. He believed they underestimated just how smart these creatures were; maybe they weren’t as primitive as he once thought. He also believed that they had the ability to breed and were rearing their young. He had seen Reapers sheltering small bald looking creatures, still covered in a placenta like fluid, these things stood up right just like human infants, but could never be a human baby, It was near to impossible for a human baby to walk at such an early stage. This is what brought him to the conclusion that the Reapers were reproducing.
If they had the intellect to do this, who knows what more they were capable of? The Reapers were a wakeup call in the twisted reality of the new world. There were no rules and regulations up there any more, no civil services, no police patrolling the streets and no hospital to look after our broken bones. Most of all there was no law, no sense of wrong or right. It was simply . . . survive at all costs.
Some nights I’d sit in bed trying to dissect the troubled psyche of the reapers, what went through their thoughts, did they even still have thoughts? What drove their unfailing hunger? Surely any creature had a consumption limit? But most of all I wondered what the root was to their constant aggression? Why was this new species so violent, so bent on aggression? The interaction with the reaper had opened my eyes to what really lurked top side. I was not the type of person who looked for unnecessary adventure. Even though at times the frustration would boil up inside me until it felt as if it would explode. I managed to control it; I’d rather be extremely bored down here than up top and extremely dead! The tedious safe lifestyle was okay for now I guess.
Life had become a routine, mornings we’d all walk down the sewer passageways, following the route which took us to a city pipe line just a few miles away from the bunker. I loved the walk, only because it gave us the time to bond as a unit outside the bunker. Plus with the whole group around and the lanterns cutting through the darkness, the passageways were not as daunting as before. 
We would walk until we reached a runoff pipe which drained rain water from the streets above which filled five to six 50gallon containers with relatively fresh rain water. We’d then bath ourselves as best we can then allow Sky and Sharif’s daughters the privacy to bath alone. My skin had become so dry from lack of soap and lotion, and the decaying of my teeth left me in constant agony .Supplies were reducing rapidly in the small grocery shop, there were maybe two or three bars of soap left and a single tube of toothpaste which wouldn’t last more than a week
But there were no other options right now; we had to make do with what small rations we had. Id lie in bed touching the rim of my infected tooth, the irritation of it drove me insane. Until one night I had had enough. I demanded Smith get it out of my mouth immediately. The old man was reluctant, but in the end got a rusty set of pliers from his tool box, boiled them in a pot of water then proceeded to pull the tooth. I screamed in agony as the make shift dentist wiggled and pulled until eventually it tore through my gum and was out. A coat of dark red blood poured from my mouth as I sat in disillusion of what had just happened, until however the pain waved down on me and I screamed louder than Zara. I couldn’t believe I had just ordered him to rip my tooth out with a set of pliers for heaven sake! 
Smith quickly stuffed the last cotton swabs in the gap and drenched it with salt. Even though my little condition was by far the most drastic, I wasn’t the only one having trouble with the limited supplies. Sharif’s poor girls’ delicate scalps were so dry by now; their hair was ridden with dandruff. They cried constantly as they scratched at their heads and clouds of white flakes covered the room. Sky tried, rubbing Shahkierah and Zara’s scalps down with teaspoons of cooking oil, but the lack of conditioner and shampoo was taking its toll on the little ones. Smith’s problem did not affect him as much as it did us. The lack of soap was causing the old man’s pits and nether regions to have strong odours. The smell was horrendous and permeated the walls! Sky did not complain about much but her pet peeve was not shaving her legs and under arms. Unfortunately, all the razors in the little shop where long disposed of and she would cover her legs in long tight jeans constantly, no matter how hot and uncomfortable it got in the bunker. Sharif on the other hand seemed to be doing perfectly okay; it was strange, other than his long beard and greasy hair, he looked as if he had just woken up from a spa treatment. I was amazed to see each day how he managed to keep himself so well groomed, even in these conditions. But just like I had mentioned before, he was the most self sufficient man I had ever met, and there was no situation or problem he could not find a solution for, including bad living conditions.  Our living situations were far from ideal at the moment, but at least we were exactly that . . . living. 
But no matter how tough things got, we knew we all had responsibilities if we wanted to survive. Chores became a norm, and every day we rotated our tasks. Each day comprised of a different set of tasks set for a different person and this did not exclude the girls. No, Sharif made sure the two of them pulled their weight.
I entered the bunker at a leisurely pace; I had just finished my workout and knew what was waiting for me inside. I dreaded the horror of the large pile of clothing in the corner. It was my turn to do the laundry, I slowly procrastinated as I watched the others go about doing their chores .Sharif unpacked the remaining goods in perfect symmetry, with not one can out of line, he then preceded taking stock of our food. Smith mopped up the water that constantly seeped through the ceiling of the bunker; if we missed one day the water would build up and dampen our surroundings. The girls made our beds, honestly speaking it was more Shahkierah that did the beds as Zara pranced around jumping and playing at her father’s turned back. Sky began the day’s breakfast, I watched as she took out the last remaining can of spam, great I hated the gelatinous meat, but it was better than nothing.
Eventually I had collected all the washing and made my way to the runoff pipe. We had to do our washing with a medium sized bucket and a bar of washing soap, with no hot water and proper detergent id have to repeat and rinse over and over to make sure the clothing came out relatively clean. Smith always complained when I did his washing, he’d say I just rinsed his clothing and complain they were still dirty, Id simply ignore his ramblings and continue with whatever I was doing, I knew his objective, he just wanted me to redo his clothing in an aimless attempt to get that strong odour out of his clothes. He knew as well as I did, that smell wasn’t going anywhere!
After finishing the loads of washing I returned back to the bunker to find everyone done with their chores and seated awaiting my arrival so breakfast could resume. We were having one of my most despised dishes. We had this dish a few times before and each time it completely horrified me, none the-less times were tough now, and survival mode was in gear. 
 I looked at the plate of food placed in front of me in complete disgust. To the naked eye it looked like a normal fried spam dish, but I knew exactly what was inside. RAT! I hated the idea of eating the filthy little critters, but when protein was down we needed to get it in some form and fortunately rats were in abundance down here. Sharif had to lie to the girls each time, saying it was canned chicken they were eating or he knew they’d refuse, and down here you needed every source of energy you could get your hands on.
While we sat eating our breakfast I looked around the room at the six people I had created a new life with. We had bonded and become somewhat of a family. After my experience with the reaper on the surface I had come to realise just how far they were willing to go for one another. The way they worked together was quite raw, but still very effective keeping in mind the only one of them with previous combat experience was Smith. These people, who were once complete strangers, became a family due to circumstances and would now die for each other at the drop of a pin. I was amazed to see the dynamics which had formed between the families, Smith obviously taking role as leader, yet never relaying an order without first consulting Sharif, who had become the adviser of the group. Sky that was far from the motherly type had left her strong feminist outlook and had become nothing less than a mother to the two little girls.
 I spent most of my time with Smith; he would talk for hours about the event which had led us to our current existence. He explained the pandemonium which ensued when the rocks fell. He depicted different scenarios of that dreadful day and all I could do was use my imagination to picture the chaos. He explained how in front of his very own eyes he watched as people where flattened by the rocks, how they ran in a panic, how buildings crumbled killing hundreds, and how fleeing drivers drove their cars over anybody in their way. It was chaos personified, fires engulfed the city, and death welcomed itself into New York.
The old man was slowly becoming my mentor and I loved listening to his stories. I was close to everyone in the group but the bond he and I shared reminded me so much of mine and my fathers. My dad and I were not only father and Son, but we were friends. I strived so hard to make my dad proud, and I could see I was falling into the same pattern with Smith. My dad was not the only one I missed though, I remembered my home, my mom, my family they were all in South Africa safe. But how their hearts must have been broken when they got the news about North America, how shattered their existence would be without their only son .My poor mother must still be grieving to this day and my dad oh how his heart must be aching for his boy, his best friend. If only there was a way to let them know I was okay, to let them know I was alive.
That’s why I needed  Smith so badly, not as a replacement of my father but someone who brought me assurance that everything would be okay and could help guide me through the tough world we live in, the same way my dad did while I was growing up. Even though Smith’s stories enthralled me he was not the only one I spent time with. Sharif and I also spent many hours together he taught me dozens of tricks and little survival tactics which he had acquired over the years. He was the one who showed me how to make a fire in the passageways of the sewer. I sat for days rubbing dry sticks together until eventually my fingers blistered and bled, every time asking him why I’m wasting my time when clearly there where better sources to create fire like matches and lighters, but I always got the same response from Sharif, ”What if you top side in the dark of the night and you have no matches or lighters, what then?”
He also showed me how to set traps and catch rats down in the passageways. He took his time to explain the anatomy of the reapers, were they where most vulnerable. How to kill them and most importantly he showed me the greatest tool of all, improvisation. He could fashion about anything into a lethal weapon and even though I never dared to ask I knew he had experience in killing before this all happened.
Sky and myself barely conversed she was too occupied with the children and when we did get the time to talk it always seemed to be about gathering water or cleaning pots, some trivial task which needed to be done. We hardly had a conversation just for the sake of speaking, she believed the privilege to relax and chat away had been lost when our world fell to pieces, now the young women only focused on surviving and more importantly making sure those two little girls survived.
I knew Sharif, his girls and Smith from the building but who was this new stranger I now shared a roof with? Where did this girl come from and what was her past life like? I would constantly wonder about this. One day while sitting with Smith I asked the old man about this peculiar strange woman who was so quiet yet so confident. He explained her origins, well the bit that he had gathered at least. If there was one person who would be more than happy to sit down and tell me the story of our mysterious female companion, it would be Smith.
“As you know Sky was a paramedic on the Upper East Side, her job was in Manhattan but her passion was in Brooklyn.””Sky was quite a busy young lady and from what I know she had no one special in her life other than her .45 special, if you know what I mean.” Smith nudged me with his elbow and winked. “When she was not saving lives she was kicking ass as a police reserve in Crown heights, trust me if her gun did not jam that day up top that reaper would be lead drenched right now.”” Cairo, that girl can shoot!” “Look I was the best shot in my entire platoon, but not even I hold a feather to what Sky can do with a gun, saving lives may have been her job, but shooting is truly her talent.”
None of us knew where Sky’s family was, who they were or if any of them had made it out alive, nobody asked and neither did I. All I knew is how she joined our little family, once again thanks to the unfailing stories from Smith.
 Apparently when the rocks fell, Sky was in the little grocer across the street buying a cup of coffee before pulling another double shift. Before she could even pay for her beverage the rocks started falling. She told us how the few people in the grocer ran outside to see what the commotion was, she too was on her way out when; a spray of rocks about the size of baseballs came smashing down. She was protected in the confides of the shop but the poor people standing outside where continuously pummelled by the meteor segments, they had no time to flee back into the shop, Sky said it all happened so fast they could not react, until all that was left of them was a pile of mangled bodies in a pool of blood. In a state of shock she ran back and locked herself in the storeroom. She placed her head between her knees and sat there for two days until the city became quieter. After the second day she decides either she’d die in there or come out.
I felt so sorry for her, I could imagine how alone and confused she must have felt, I thought to myself for a glimpse of a second, if Layla made it out alive maybe... I stopped myself immediately, why was I even thinking of her? Why was that bitch on my mind, I should not have cared if she died. I turned my attention back towards Sky, Even though I did not speak to her much it was nice having that female presence in the bunker. It was nice having a woman’s touch and mostly it was nice to wake up in the morning and look at someone other than Sharif and Smith. But that’s all I would ever be able to do with Sky, look and imagine; there was no way I could get her to even acknowledge me let alone date me.
Chapter 9
It was a cold morning, colder than any day I had experienced since being down in the bunker, well at least since I was awake. I could feel the tension in the bunker lingering around like an unwanted presence. Sharif and Smith sat in the corner conversing and Sky was not far from them with the children, who were clearly agitated with the damp confined space they had to spend their days cooped up in. As I rose from the mattress, I could feel there was something even more peculiar about this day than most. Then the tension which was building and building eventually reached its limits and was released in the form of an aggressive argument.
”You don’t understand Smith”. I heard Sharif raise his voice then silently regained his composure and reduced his tone gradually; he then started speaking again in a calmer manner. I walked towards them and took a knee were they sat.”Morning boy, glad you could finally join us.”
”What’s going on Smith?”.
Our fierce leader had a worrying look upon his face; I knew it was something big; this was not your typical morning squabble. ”Supplies are down boy, we need to start scouting the surface for new stock and the closest reliable source of food to our current location is the SS mart about 15miles down the street.” Super Supplier Mart was a huge wholesaler, they stocked everything. There were racks upon racks of products from food to clothes, garden utensil and even live ammunition and hunting fire arms.
” We need to restock; and SS mart would be our best bet simple as that.” Sharif was not too pleased with Smiths plan though, his intentions were clear about travelling such a long distance top side. ”It’s too far Smith, this man-hole is the only one we know of which hasn’t been blocked up, that leaves us too vulnerable when we top side,  with a 15mile walk exposed on the surface is nothing less than suicide!”
Smith threw his tin dish against the wall in an outburst, oats splattered across the concrete. “Opposed to what Sharif?” “We stay here with no food, no gas, you’ll watch your children die in front of you rather than take a chance?”
Fire burnt in the Arabs eyes.”Don’t you ever doubt my loyalty to my children! ”The tension was so thick you could slice through it, this was not one fight I would like to be part of! I hated when they fought, but honestly this was the worst they had ever fought since I was awake, I knew in a matter of seconds a punch was going to fly from either side, so I did the unthinkable.
”I’ll go “Both men took their attention off one other and focused on me.”Look guys I know the street I used to walk past the SS Mart to work every single day.’”I can do it” Smith shook his head,” No way there’s no way I’m letting you go. “”you may know the way but you don’t know the reapers well enough.”I’m not sending you to the slaughter kid” Smith wanted the family to go as a unit, we needed all three adults on the walk and as much man power as possible, and that would mean having to take the girls with us as well, they could not stay down there by themselves for such a long period.
 Then spontaneously she spoke up,” Smith I’ll take him, he’ll lead the way I’ll watch his back.”Sky was fearless she knew she had to risk it all to survive the new world but somehow I felt the reason she was so willing to lay her life on the line was for the girls. She had helped raise those kids and even though she was so young she had taken the responsibility of mother and protector over them, like any good mother she’d die for her children.
Smith was now upright marching back and forth waving his hands in the air as he shouted, ”Both of you are clearly insane if you think I’m going to let you go.”This is a job for the entire group, not the two of you alone, are you insane to think that Il let you go by yourself, look no offence boy I’ve come to love you like a son, but do you even know how to hold a gun?” I sat in quiet shame, as Smith continued “Exactly what I thought, there is no way I’ll send you so far.”Smith had no interest in listening to our reasons his mind was made up.”Its final tomorrow afternoon Sharif and I will discuss the matter further, and then find the appropriate plan of action.  Sky backed off, but in her eyes I could see she was not going to give up so easily. 
Night came and we all lie in bed, none asleep but ever so quiet, the only sounds heard were the chatters of the children as they lay next to each other quietly playing hand games, while trying to ease the hunger pains. The sounds of their giggles usually helped me fall asleep, it was the one thing which was a constant reminder of our humanity, it gave us reason to keep going every morning and not give up, and the innocence of a child was not all but lost in these rank dark times. Soon the giggles turned to snores and I got up went over towards them, brushed Zara’s hair out of Shahkierah’s face and covered them both with their blanket.
As I lay in my bed with Smith by my side, I wondered if they had let us go, would we have succeeded. What if we did run into reapers would we manage to handle the situations? All these heavy thoughts put me to sleep.
“Get up, get up...Cairo, Wake up...”As I turned to my side and wiped the sand from my eyes I saw Sky bent over, trying to quietly waken me.”Its time...you and I are going to the SS mart.”
 I knew it! I knew she would never give up that easily. She had the whole thing planned from the beginning of the conversation. I sprung up, grabbed my jacket, slipped on my boots and slowly made my way to the pile. I reached in and with the steadiest hand dug into the weapons pile. I pulled out the first thing I felt; it was an axe, long and sturdy, heavy though. Sky did an ammo check then placed her revolver into its holster around her hip.
”Let’s move” she signalled. Quietly we made for the man hole. Avoiding the tired bodies around us as we tiptoed past the children, I caught a glimpse of Zara’s innocent face and almost instantly all my fears were replaced with responsibility. These kids were no longer only Sharif’s kids, No, they belonged to all of us now and I had to do my best to ensure they stayed as healthy as possible. I dreaded thinking about what went through these poor girls’ head the day the rocks fell. Even though it’s been five years, I’m sure the image of their decapitated mother still haunts them. 
Shahiedah, Sharif’s wife was so pretty, a pity her head was left lying across the floor from her body. Once the rocks started hitting the building and the tremors became more violent, the metal fan which was attached to their ceiling became dislodged and spun across the room, until it found Shahiedah’s neck. Now it was up to us to honour her and I believed the best way in doing so would be to look after her girls as best we could.
As we walked down the passage I did not say a word, not only for the fact that I was scared our echoes would wake the others, but because I could not come to find the right words to say to this intimidating yet beautiful women. For now I would not have to worry about impressing Sky, we reached the top of the man hole and all of our attention was turned to the unnerving task which lay ahead; slowly she removed the heavy lid. It was still dark outside and far in the distance the sun began to rise. As day broke the sun took its time lighting our way, ever so slowly creeping up from the shadows. We had a long walk ahead of us, and time was of the essence. The further we walked the more torn down the city looked. In the dark it was hard to see exactly what destruction was surrounding us but as the sun rose we saw the new baron wasteland we now lived in. By the time the sun had completely rose, we were about 5 miles down the road. With enough light to properly see our city, I could now assess the devastation which lay around me. 
The roads had been covered with dust and through the cracks tuffs of grass burst out, welcoming themselves to the new world.  Weeds grew through abandoned cars windshields, wrapped themselves around their tyres, leaving most vehicles a cannoned shell of shrubbery and flowers. Street lamps had been rendered useless, not a single one functioning, they now stood like tall eerie reminders of our perpetual struggle to find light in this new dark world. From left to right, as far as the eye could see stood buildings destroyed; tall proud structures had now been reduced to rubble. The ones strong enough to withstand the brunt of the falling rocks were now dusty and useless to their new environment. 
For me though the strangest site of all was seeing the foreign rocks scattered across the city. They came in all sizes; I looked from side to side at the array of different meteors, some as big as trucks, others as minuscule as a golf ball, hardly visible in its alien surroundings. The most bone chilling site though, was not the rocks, neither the torn down buildings, or deserted streets. The worst site was the hundreds of skeletons which covered the streets, like a blanket of decomposed bodies covering New York. I tried hard not to look down as I slowly stepped over them. It gave me complete shivers seeing the obvious terror plastered on their fleshless faces. 
We walked past an old structure which was very familiar to me; the building was the hub of the areas economical trade. I remember the bank so well, some days Id stand in those damn lines for hours waiting to do the restaurants daily cash up, drifting away into the scenery of aquamarine painted walls and the most annoying instrumental tunes playing lightly in the background. 
 The building was now covered in cracks and over run by vegetation. The large bronze sign which once hung proudly outside was now covered entirely with rust. Money, lay scattered across the doorway, my instincts still drew me toward the cash, even though I knew it was worthless I felt such a need to gather as much as possible. I guess it was still embedded in our nature, after so many years we still lust for the small green notes. Sky cleared her throat, with the intention of snapping me out of my trace. 
She walked in front of me, her every being unintentionally taunting my manhood. From time to time I would have to redirect my eyes from her ass as her hips swayed left to right and her long auburn hair tumbled bouncing off her back, sweat run down the blades of her shoulders and shimmered in the light. I could walk behind her for days and just relish in the erotic images that imprinted my mind. Sky was no fool she knew what I was doing, she must have been used to guys staring, constantly chasing after her back in the old world. I personally would never have the courage to approach her back then, I got lucky with a girl as pretty as Layla, but Sky was harder she would not have been as easily actuated with my courage as Layla was. 
 These days it was not as if there were any guys to chase after her, other than us.  I often wondered if she suppressed her urges as I did, it was a constant battle trying to hold back from making inappropriate advances at Sky. I wondered how she felt towards me though. Surly she sometimes must have looked across the room, and thought about how it would be having me come and keep her warm under her blankets, to feel my skin on hers. To feel the warmth of a man’s touch, I mean after all I was the only one who was around her age and could not picture her having romantic feelings towards Sharif or Smith.
“So where exactly are you from?” I tried making the faintest bit of small talk, in an attempt to keep my mind from wondering too far into the abyss, out here crazy  was an easy thing to stumble upon and in no time your mind could get utterly lost in the thin line between reality and disillusion.”I’m from the east coast.”She was direct; to the point as if she was hoping I got the message and left her alone .It was only then that I realised the large gap between the two of us, we hardly spoke in the bunker, and to be honest I knew absolutely nothing about this quiet, yet so dangerous women. However I pushed on with the conversation, trying to bridge the gap between the two of us, not only that but I needed a sort of retreat from the eerie scenery which surrounded us.
 “What about family, what happened to them?”She turned to me and moved up close. I stumbled back in shock of her sudden response to my question.
”Listen, I know it seems like a good idea to make little chit chat, try settle your nerves, try ask the pretty vulnerable girl about her past, But there’s no time for your shit, stay focused and keep your emotions in check, or ill leave your ass here to become  a reaper snack pack, you got that!”Like a scolded school boy I nodded, recomposed myself and continued walking in silence. I knew she was right, and her intensity was for a reason, she had been in reaper territory before and knew the dangers of being so exposed.	
The Supermarket was in site, the top of the store; all three floors were painted a bright green colour which was near to impossible to miss. Large glass panes ran around the entire ground level of the supermarket. Most the windows had been smashed by the rocks, and the few that were left had been painted dark grey from the years of accumulating dust. Outside the door which sat in the middle of the row of large windows was the old slop sided SS mart Sign hanging on for dear life, there were shopping carts and wrecked cars scattered throughout the abandoned lot. The paving had cracks going on for miles.
Slowly we approached the doors which were now just frames as their shattered glass lie everywhere, nothing, not a sound, the silence brought relief to my ears. Such a contrast to the usual bustling of the busy supermarket I was familiar with. As we entered the door we were met by row upon row, isle upon isle of clothing, food, equipment, everything was there; it was like an apocalypse jackpot, a guide to survive the end of the world. I stood in awe of the bounty we had stumbled upon and even though the air was thick from the smell of rotting food and decaying corpse, it still felt like the closest thing to paradise I had felt in a while.
Sky pulled out a little piece of crinkled up paper and began deliberating her orders” Listen Cairo, here is a list of all the items I need you to gather, make sure you burrow through all the shit lying around until you find every single item on the list!” be quick and be quiet, and don’t come back until you have found everything ON....THE...LIST!.”Am I getting through to you or do you need me to repeat myself?”
I shook my head like a little school boy, scolded by his teacher. “What about you Sky, where you headed?”She turned to face me; her response was simple, she had a strange excited look on her face, “Guns!”
Sky was heading straight to the hunting and fishing department of the store. She had her own list of items to collect, from hunting rifles to fishing rods she was doubtful she could find what she was looking for and if she did who’s to say any of the items would still be intact?, However she could barely control her overflowing excitement in hopes of finding even one gun which had not been wrecked or scavenged. She was truly in her element around guns and couldn’t get to the hunting section any faster. As I watched her disappear down the aisle I slowly unravelled the crinkled up piece of paper, So many items so little time.
Grabbing a lopsided trolley I made my way down the ominous silence which was soon broken by the sound of the trolley wheel, to think even in the damn apocalypse nothing was more irritating than the sound of a squeaky SS Mart shopping cart.
As I walked past shelf upon shelf I thought to myself how the hell am I going to find all this stuff in such bad lighting? Even with the sun shining bright in the sky, the shop was still as dark as night, if it wasn’t for my flash light Id be as lost as a mole in the daylight. But I figured the most practical way to get all this shopping done, was to separate all the items into groups and gather them together until I had found every last one, or heaven forbid; Sky would rein hell on me.
”Hmm let’s see, food should be the first priority.” I knew most the food we’d be eating would be in the tinned section, thank goodness for preservatives, without them we would have starved ages ago!’’ Shelves lay broken, tins scattered through the aisle; I was in the right place! A large rock from the fall, sat in the middle of the aisle, great! Now I’d have to climb this behemoth. As I dropped on the other side of the large rock I knew it would take some creative shopping to gather all these items. I got down low and started searching the floor for the goods Sky had written on the list. Everything was specific, except for the food that is, all Sky had written was canned food, I panicked, what if I brought the wrong food? If I messed up it would be the whole group that suffered. I started grabbing cans, looking for the items which were furthest from there expiry dates. I had to trust in myself and make the decision of what to take, there was no time to procrastinate, and every second we waited was another second we put our lives in jeopardy. So I began grabbing what I could and tossed each item over the large rock into the trolley. Tinned soups, peas, sweat corn, noodles, soya mini hot dogs, pilchards, beans, corned beef and lastly a tin of spaghetti O’s. I could not overdo it had to ration what I took back, we would be the only ones carrying all the goods back so I had to make sure I was realistic in how much we could carry.
 Wiping my sweaty forehead, and thinking to myself, “Who knew shopping could be so challenging?”
After loading up on food it was onto the next isle, Hygiene products and most importantly soap. I stored up on as many bars as possible; no one wanted to stay in the bunker with Smith after he hadn’t washed for a few days, “talk about ripe!”I also loaded up on toothpaste, body spray, body lotion, powder, antidandruff 2 in 1 Shampoo and Conditioner, both male and female razors, shaving cream and most importantly for our female companions as many different tampons I could get my hands on, poor little Shahkierah was spotting for the first time, and I could only imagine how awkward and uncomfortable she felt in our current living conditions. This time Shy was precise with what she wanted, I had to make sure I got every single thing she wrote, down, “If only she told me what size and type of tampons she wanted, as I stared at one of the pink boxes it was complete gibberish to me.
 Lastly was the medicine isle, and once again she was exact in what she wanted me to gather. She began with Gauze, definitely something we’d need; both gauze and bandages. Secondly Allergy medication, she wrote this in bold print, Sky and Smith were both prone to severe allergic attacks, mostly caused by all the dust in the sewer, they constantly battled and at night I would hear Smith swallowing countless times as phlegm dripped from his sinus cavity into his throat. The next item to me was honestly the most important in an environment where bacteria thrived, antibacterial creams would be a necessity, a small cut could soon become infected and end your life. The rest were fairly easy to find, flu medication for those cold winter nights, Kiddies vitamins for the girls and lastly laxatives for Smith, some nights it would sound like a pig being slaughtered outside when he went to relieve himself, the poor man’s stomach still hadn’t adapted to our precarious diet. 
Eventually I was done, after an hour of gathering all our essentials I had scavenged everything Sky had written down. I started making my way back to the entrance of the store, where I would meet Sky before heading back to the sewer. But I thought to myself, “Wait, when will I be coming back here?” “When Will I get the opportunity I have now, I had to take it with both hands and make sure I did what’s best for the group.” So I headed over to the kids section as fast as I could, how could I go home without getting gifts for everybody? The more time we kept occupied and out one another’s hair the better our relationships would cope. I had Sky’s stern voice running through my head, she would definitely not be too impressed but I had to do this. Clearly she felt different, “Just essentials!” 
First and foremost was the girls, as I searched through all the broken toys I looked for something in relatively good enough playing condition, Then I spotted her, she was standing ever so proud, with the long blonde hair, and the cutest sparkly evening gown, still in her box tightly sealed. I grabbed the Barbie doll in such haste you could swear it was black Friday and I was a narcotic soccer mom trying to get her baby the last doll on the shelf! This would be great for Zara, but Shahkierah was more into academic material, opposed to your plastic play things. The little girl loved to stimulate her mind so I knew I was definitely in the wrong section if I wanted to find something she would like. Or was I, under all the broken doll heads, red fire trucks and soccer balls I saw a box, with a game I knew she’d love. I kicked away the other toys and lifted the scrabble box from the floor. This was awesome, not only would she enjoy it, but it would give everyone a bit of relief and more importantly a good helping of mental exercise. Next were gifts for Smith and Sharif, the presents I had in mind were on opposite sides of the store so now I’d really have to hustle if I wanted to make it back on time, or Sky would have my head. 
What would be more fitting than a brand new machete for Smith, I diced over to the gardening section and found a bunch of then, I grabbed the large steel blade and threw it in the shopping cart with the rest of the stuff” for Sharif, I chose a book, he had told me about the author many times and how he used to sit on Saturdays with a jug of ice tea and read his novels back to back. So I searched the large book section of the store until I found the criminal law section and eventually there it was Joe Williamson, Lost lawyer “fictional advocate series, the latest edition.’’
Now all I had to do was get a gift for Sky, she too had read all the literature in the bunker, so I thought a book would be a good gift for her as well. I searched high and low, but there was nothing I presumed she would like which was still in well enough reading condition. Then in the corner of my eye I saw the most gorgeous bracelet glimmering from underneath a heap of rubble and books. I knew I had to get it for her; even though she was so tough on the outside, she was still a woman on the inside, and appreciates the finer things in life, such as beautiful jewellery.
 Slowly I swept the dust with the palm of my hand and tossed away the books which concluded it. As I pulled the bracelet what followed startled me. An arm with no body attached. I dropped it in shock. Standing there just staring I knew I’d have to man up and unclip it, so I held my breath, Why I have no idea, there was not even the faintest of smell. So I grabbed the arm which looked as if it had been gnawed clean off just under the elbow, and unclipped the beautiful bracelet. In excitement I punched the air like a young kid then realised,” O shit I’m late’’.
Thankfully I had not kept Sky waiting; she too was on her way to the exit as we met in the middle of the store. Sky had her own separate trolley; however hers wasn’t filled with canned food and toiletries. No she was pushing around a small arsenal, like an overly excited kid she began explaining her little wagon of destruction. She pulled each gun out and handed it to me for a feel. I had no clue how to handle most of them but tried to not make a complete fool of myself. ”twelve gauge pump action, this baby can stop a reaper dead in his tracks, separate its head from its body if you want to. 9mm berretta, special with scope, for those modern day hunters who are too lazy to use a cross bow or rifle, I got two of these babies,  lastly but by far definitely not least we have here an Ultimate .308 long range hunting rifle, cameo pattern baby, Woop Woop!.”
 Wow this girl clearly knew what she was talking about. By far this was the most emotion I had seen Sky show since we had met, she was smiling from ear to ear and I could see a sparkle in her eyes.”So that’s a shotgun, two hand guns and a huge hunting rifle, not forgetting the boxes and boxes of ammo as well I’d say she done pretty well, considering this place must have been looted a hundred times already.”
Chapter 10
Sky and I pushed our shopping carts side by side; through the clutter which lay scattered at our feet and around the large meteors blocking the centres of the aisle. We had fallen into our previous routine and again not a word was said by either of us. But then silence was interrupted by groans from the corner of the vegetable isle. From the darkness came the faint sounds of what sounded like an animal caught in a trap. I looked Sky in the eyes, confused and unsure of what to do next. The groan became higher, more pitched and I had to find out what it was. I walked towards the turned down cabbage shelf and before I knew Sky was right behind me with a shotgun drawn waiting for any sign of danger. As I slowly crept up to the dark corner I made out a pair of eyes. I reached out to the poor animal in need. But it did not move; it simply sat there whining.
 I softened my voice and begged it to come out, I tried whistling softly as well and then suddenly the animal reacted and moved a few inches which put it in direct sight with the light. Was it, No it could never be, I had to be seeing things! But then I saw it again, there was no mistaking that was no animal, that was a human child. But how did a child survive all this time out here all alone? ”
Hey there little one, come out, it’s okay we won’t hurt you.” Once again I put on a soothing tone hoping to lure the young one out of the dark rank corner. The child just lay there cloaked away in the abyss of darkness. I crouched down and slowly approached her, trying to be as subtle as possible. The child crept towards me on her hands and knees, as she entered the light I made out blonde little locks, pale skin and....Then it struck me no normal child could survive here alone. My emotions had once again gotten the better of me and carelessly allowed me to slip up.
”REAPER!” I screamed and scurried then turned to run, but before I could get far enough she had pounced onto by back and was rearing to bite down on my neck. I screamed and shuffled moving franticly each time to set her off balance, so that she would need to readjust before biting down, I screamed for Sky who in turn kept shouting that I stand still. I did not listen until I tripped, landing hard to the floor with the little reaper still on top of me, fighting all my natural instincts I did exactly what Sky said. Without hesitation Sky cocked back the pump action and before I could try and fight back anymore a single shot had brain matter splattered across the room and all over me.
I tossed the lifeless corps of the young girl off my back and jumped up and slowly backed away, wiping blood and tissue from my shoulders. To think this was once someone’s daughter or grandchild. I tried holding back the tears which swelled in my eyes. Clearly Sky wasn’t as effected as I was.”Let’s keep moving”. The harsh tone in her voice showed anger towards the girl rather than sorrow. She had been in the same scenario way too many times to allow any types of emotion to blur her judgment. Sky knew it was either kill or be killed. An important lesson I would have to learn, and quickly. 
Chapter 11
Blood drenched and still on my knees, I looked up at Sky with an expression begging for help. Unconcerned, she simply turned and started packing her shopping cart not showing the slightest feelings of remorse for her bunk mate who was tipping on the edge of a nervous breakdown . Why was she so cold towards me? Did my mere presence offend her so profoundly, that she was unwilling to even show an ounce of pity? I still wonder if she really didn’t care for me or perhaps she was doing what she did because she cared, trying to make me tough enough for the new world. Undaunted by the brutal slaughtering of the little reaper, Sky led the way out of the store as if nothing had happened, pushing her shopping cart with furious intent.
 Immediately as I exited the store doors I felt the contrasting heat of the little reapers warm blood against the cold air. The breeze which brought a chilling cold front across the city, made things so much worse for me, Now I had to get rid of my jacket and freeze in an attempt of cleansing myself of the incident. By the time I had exited Sky was already in the parking lot, she furiously waited for me while I stripped down in front of the deserted store. Sky expressed her anger on an abandoned Chevy Corvettes side mirror as she kicked it clean off the car. I presumed she was portraying her feelings through the constant anger, perhaps she did feel hurt by killing the little Reaper, and maybe that was her coping mechanism, maybe Sky had channelled all her anger in an attempt to deal with all the sorrow which surrounded her. 
But I was not interested in her unnecessary hissy fit right now, she could moan and grumble as much as she wanted, I had more pressing matters which needed attending to; I was still in a frenzy while trying get all this sticky warm reaper gore off my body. From head to toe I had been painted a sadistic red colour; dark chunks of meat and thick plasma dripped from me, covering the paved parking space. I moaned in disgust as I picked away pieces of the girl’s brain matter which lay on my shoulders, and felt so violated, so dirty, from her blood which stuck to my hair. Only in a shirt and shorts I stood shivering in the cold as I kicked away my jacket which now lay covered in her blood. First thing I’d be doing once we got back to the bunker was taking a long, and I mean long shower! Regardless of how cold it would be anything to wash away the memories of the experience, anything to get that girl, no scratch that, “that thing” out of my head. 
Who was I kidding, it wasn’t going to be that easy, I could refer to her as a reaper or thing as much as I wanted, and it would not change the fact that all I saw was a little girl. Maybe I was not aged enough in this new world, perhaps I needed more time in the field with these creatures. Perhaps time would make me a seasoned killer just like Sky and the rest; they clearly had no problem slaughtering Reapers in the most brutal of fashions. 
But for now I was still me, I was still sensitive to the entire situation of what people had become, and one thing I knew is every time I would look into Zara or Shahkierah eyes I would see that little girls face, she would not just disappear from my memories, but I hoped in this new twisted world, something else would redirect my attention and help me forget about the entire incident.
 After wallowing in self pity, I composed myself and  started making my way towards Sky, but before I could reach her she stormed off and with her back turned she sarcastically shouted, “All done there  princess?”
I completely ignored her; I was way too cold and emotionally unstable right now to deal with her petty little comments. All I did was walk behind her, In a Zombie like state, “no pun intended!” hoping to get home as soon as possible. The emotional toll was much more taxing with this little Reaper as opposed to her pin stripe suite wearing counterpart. With the first Reaper the feelings of shock and fright surmounted me, where as now I was filled with sorrow and disbelief. To think how many children died when the rocks fell, or worse the ones who now had become these mindless monsters, prowling the continent on a constant killing spree, just to satisfy their hunger. The graphic picture which fabricated inside my head sent me into a state, it did not take long before all that bottled up masculinity which I had been storing up, came pouring out. As I pushed the shopping cart I sobbed like a baby, thinking about all the children killed by the tragic events which had been bestowed upon us. I had not cried like this in a long time, it was as if an influx of emotions had just come upon me, and now involuntarily, I had an outlet to release all the anxiety, sorrow and pain I had been bottling up these last few months. Sky turned to see what was going on, but as soon as she saw me crying she simply shook her head and began walking faster, trying to make as much distance between her and my bothersome blubbering.
 The trip back to the bunker was much quicker this time round; I was too deep in thought to look around at the city which had enthralled me, on our first journey to the SS Mart. Before I knew it we were passing the dilapidated bank. Not long after, Sky snapped me out my trace like state as she lifted the manhole cover. We had reached the Sewer and immediately my mood changed, I had been released from the gloomy prison my mind had trapped me in, and now was free and full of excitement to see my family. I was so glad I’d soon be back in the relatively comfortable surroundings of the bunker, all I wanted to do was shower, eat and sleep, but that would have to wait we weren’t home just yet. As Sky slipped down the long metal steps with ease, she hit the ground ordering me to start lowering her all the items one by one. I unloaded every can, box and gun until the shopping carts were completely empty. I then joined her at the bottom where we filled up our rucksacks as best we could, Filling our hands with as many guns as possible. The rest of the items we packed neatly in the corner. It would take everyone’s help carrying all this bounty back to the bunker. 
Oh how the dark creepy passageways of the sewer felt like a refuge to me, compared to what lurked up top these passageways where like Disney world. The bunker was insight, I saw the faintest light shining from underneath the crack of the large steel door, and in an instant a feeling of appeasement subdued me, leaving me motionless as I stood smiling, so happy to be home. However my happiness would be short lived, as I knew what awaited me on the other side, I knew a dark cloud would hang over the joyous moment. Smith was going to kill us for disobeying him, I was terror-stricken as I thought about the consequences of my actions, and even though I worried about the ass whipping I was about to receive, I was more concerned that I had broken his trust.
Smith had saved my life and in my eyes I owed him everything, I would be completely shattered if he lost all trust in me. Perhaps I was an approval seeker, I recalled doing the same thing with my father, working as hard as I could, going the extra mile, not for self growth, but doing it all in the hopes he would have more faith in his son, and now I was repeating the pattern with Smith.
I could hear the giggles of Zara echo inside the bunker, and the worries of what Smith would do to me disappeared. I could not restrain myself as I smiled from ear to ear; I was home and eager to see how thrilled everyone would be with their gifts. Sky reached for the bunker door, but just as she was about to knock I grabbed her hand; the guns she held so meticulously went crashing to the floor. As she looked up at me, I was sure she was going to rip my throat out. 
Shit! How could I have forgotten to give her, her gift? I was nervous, I would have to explain to her why I was giving her this piece of jewellery, and now that she had seen me cry, it would be a lot harder. So I manned up, bit the bullet and began.
“I know you may think I’m some kind of loser Sky, you think I’m a hindrance to the dynamics of the group.” ”But I hope in the future you will come to know how much I care about every single person in that room, you included.” ”You may think of me as weak and soft, and that’s okay, I have not yet adjusted to the New world, and who knows maybe I will never be the strong renegade warriors you, Sharif and Smith are, but I promise you, I’ll try to do my part around the bunker and try help in as many ways as possible.”
Sky was about to speak when I stopped her dead in her tracks,” This is a little gift; call it a peace offering, a thank you, or a promise to show you I will strive harder in my attempts to become tougher, I want you to trust me as you do the others and I know In time I will gain your trust.”
I gently took her arm and slipped the bracelet around her wrist. She stared at it then looked at me without saying a word. Her eyes watered, but she held her tears back while concealing her emotions like she was so used to doing. She removed her hand from mine, and then slowly ran it slowly across my cheek; I could see the guilt expressed across her face, she knew what she did was wrong. Fair enough she had saved my life, but to leave me there covered in that little girl’s blood, not even lending a hand. That was not how family treated one another and that’s exactly what we were down here, family. She felt bad for pushing me so hard, subtly she replied to my gesture.
”It’s not that I want you to be tougher, I just...” She paused, in an attempt of swallowing her pride, and then continued, “I am just not good at this the whole showing affection thing.” ”Smith and Sharif have been with me for so long they are like family, they know the type of person I am and the girls well, they are like my own kids.” ”What I’m making a poor attempt of saying is, trying to be tough out there will either get you hurt or killed; don’t let my actions affect who you are.” “You’re perfectly fine just the way you are; it’s my own insecurities which make me seem so cold towards you.”
”You need to understand Cairo, that you don’t know everything about this new world just yet; there is still so much you need to find out.” ”I have learnt over the years that people are different out here, people can do terrible things without being held accountable.” “Sometimes people have no choice in what they become, because this environment chooses for them.” “In Time you’ll understand what I mean, but all I can do now is let you know trust out here is not something that can only be earned, trust comes with time, it comes with the evaluation of what type of person you are, or if you are a person at all!”
What the hell was Sky talking about! Smith had told me everything about the new world, I knew all about the Reapers, the Rocks, and our isolation from the rest of the world. So what was she rambling on about; and this whole “if they are a person thing”? Did she think I was just going to one day wake up and say, “Hmm I’m feeling a bit Reaperish, let me start chowing down on my bunkmates!” . Was she was just being paranoid about having me around for no reason? For now I would leave those questions for another day, our relationship had leapt forward in strides and I did not want to put any strain on it with unnecessary questions. Sky looked at the bracelet once again, smiled then said, “Absolutely beautiful!” Immediately she snapped back into renegade mode and began banging on the Bunker door.
As soon as the bunker doors opened Zara came scampering out, darting past her father’s legs and into the arms of Sky. Sky dropped everything to the floor at first sight of the young girl and grabbed her ever so tightly, as if they had been separated for years. Sky squeezed Zara, whispering in her ear how she missed her, Anxious little Zara had other plans though; she broke free from Sky’s arms and began jumping in excitement, “What did you get me, did you bring food, did you see any Reapers? A thousand and one questions at a time, the young girl could not control her excitement. She was running circles around us searching our pockets in attempt of finding anything edible. But before Sky could answer Smith appeared at the door.
With a stare which pierced through my soul, I braced myself for what was about to come. Smith walked up to me, and raised his hand into the air, I closed my eyes in anticipation of the stinging sensation I would soon feel across my cheek. The old man stopped, he could not find it in himself to strike me. Looks like age was catching up to him, he had become much more sympathetic over the years. If I were in his platoon in his younger days and had disobeyed him like I had, my unconscious body would be laying face first on the ground right now.
Unsure of how to express the mixed feelings of anxiety and panic which brewed inside him during our absences, he began doing what he did best. He shouted at the top of his voice, telling us how inconsiderate we were, how foolish leaving the bunker without the support of Him and Sharif. Smith was right though we got lucky with the little reaper girl, the situation would have been much grimmer if Sky had not reacted as quickly as she did. We took a gamble leaving the safety of the bunker by ourselves, and after being able to bring back the amount of good we did it was totally worth it, and once Smith saw the amount of fresh food, medication and toiletries we brought back, I knew he would soon calm down, forget about the whole thing and just enjoy the rewards of our hard work.
Eventually after the old man’s anger had dissipated, enthusiasm now took its place. He was interested in seeing what we had brought back with us. I explained to the others where we left the goods. So all six of us took the journey back to the manhole where we had stored our bounty. The process was quick, it only took us one trip and we managed to get everything back. After setting the goods in the middle of the room, the light of lanterns exposed the generous amount of resources we had collected. Everyone was around the pile of goods scratching through them like children under a Christmas tree. Smith shouted,” Tonight we eat like kings!” and with that Sky knew her queue, she headed straight to the pans, eager to cook with such a variety of food for a change.
But that was not all we had for them, as Sky prepared the meal; I took the opportunity to surprise everyone with their gifts. I’d obviously start with my little princess. So I called Zara over and told her to close her eyes and stick out her arms, she did as I asked. I placed the Barbie box into her hand and told her to open her eyes. Zara flipped out, she began running around the room holding the box in the air, screaming at the top of her voice, “Barbie, Barbie it’s a freaking Barbie.” Sharif yelled at Zara, scolding her for using such inappropriate language; Smith sat giggling knowing exactly where she had picked up the word.
Next I gave Smith his Machete; he seemed more excited than the little girl, waving the blade around until Sharif asked him to please console the dangerous weapon. Then it was on to Sharif, I placed the book into his hands and said, “Good read my friend, hope you enjoy it.” Sharif stood and uncharacteristically hugged me. It was rather awkward, but I could see how appreciative he was of the gesture. Content with myself I stood smiling at my new family like a proud mother hen watching her little chicks. 
“I’m glad to see you all enjoy your gifts, hopefully they will keep you busy and out of my hair.” I laughed at my own lame joke, and then felt a slight tug on my shirt. Shahkierah was standing at my side looking ever so lost, staring up at me wide eyed and about to cry.
“Yes sweetie, is something wrong?”Confused the shy little girl just put her hands out waiting to receive her gift. I grabbed my rucksack and searched through it. I showed the little girl there was nothing there. She sunk her head and started walking back to her bed.
“Shahkierah, please do me a favour, somehow my jacket got underneath the food pile, would you be so kind and dig it out for me, my back is aching.” The polite child bit her tongue and did what she was told, she wanted to tell me to get my own damn jacket, but being the good girl she was, she restrained herself. She lifted the cans and saw the scrabble box lying at the bottom of the pile. Then paused like a deer caught in the head lights confused yet excited at the same time.
 “Do you think I could ever forget about you? You know you my rock star.” 
I loved little Zara with my whole heart and soul, but Shahkierah meant allot to me. We shared a unique bond; I guess because everyone else always fussed about how cute little Zara was I felt obliged to shower Shahkierah with extra affections. She and I would sit for hours each day talking about the old world, she missed it so much. Mostly because she missed her Mother, in a way I could relate, I missed my family as well but I was lucky my family was still alive, she on the other hand had no one left except the five people in the room.
Zara asked me,” What about Sky, why did you not get anything for Sky?” I told her Sky was a very special Lady so she got a very special gift. Sky walked over to Zara and showed her the beautiful bracelet around her wrist, then said,
“He got quite good taste don’t you agree?”
 This was the first time I saw Sky blush; her cheeks went a rosy pink as she tried hiding her smile.
The mood soon changed though, as Sharif caught a glimpse of the bracelet around Sky’s arm. He walked up to her and furiously asked where she got it. I intervened and explained how I found it and gave it to her. In a flirtatious attempt towards Sky I told him, “It was the most beautiful thing I could find in the store, for the most beautiful women in the new world (Cheesy yes, yes, I know).  But I couldn’t understand why he was angry at the fact that I had given her the bracelet? I thought perhaps it remind him of something his wife used to wear. I was completely confused at his behaviour which was beyond obscure. 
Sharif stormed across the room to the new guns and furiously began loading bullets into the magazines. I was about to walk over and find out what I had done to upset him so. But Smith stopped me, telling me to let him have his space. The girls were just as confused, so Smith decided to set up Shahkierah scrabble board in hopes he would distract them from the argument. He called me over too and told me to join them, but I wanted to know what was wrong with Sharif. This time around Smith shouted and immediately I heeled like a well behaved puppy.
Sky walked over towards the frustrated man and sat beside him. She slowly ran her fingers through his hair; she whispered reassuring words in his ear. That’s when it hit me! It wasn’t the bracelet, it was the gesture. Sky and Sharif had become more than just friends. The two of them had developed a relationship.
I had seen the two of them spending more and more time together but had never taken notice. They spent time after time in the passageways together and disappeared in the darkness for hours on end. I had always thought they were doing washing or perhaps just scouting. Not taking notice of the obvious, it never occurred to me that they were intimate to such an extent. Still the situation was strange, I tried picturing the two of them together and sure the older Arabic man had a rugged good look to him, but I would never have pictured the two of them being together let alone the two of them consummating their relationship in a sexual way. I cleared the images from my head almost immediately. In a way I guess I was a bit jealous, but not because I was in love with the young woman, Just the fact that she could be the only woman we would see in a while, basically I figured the gap of me being with a woman was closing more and more rapidly.
That night after returning from the pipeline, I decided to have supper and spend some time with the girls, I needed to take my mind off the influx of information this day had over ridden me with. While lying on the girl’s mattress as we finished our last game of scrabble, I looked over my shoulder and got a glimpse of the two lovers cuddled up In each other’s embrace. It was as if they were waiting for me to find out about their relationship before partaking in any open affection. I could see Sky was much more intimate than Sharif, She held him tightly while he lay staring at the ceiling; perhaps he felt awkward in front of the girls. After all they had decided to put their relationship on hold since I had woken up. The girls were not stupid though, they knew Sky and their father was an item, but being the smart little sweet hearts, they asked no questions.  I wondered how the relationship between their father and Sky affected them. Was there any animosity towards this new woman in their father’s life? I highly doubted it, the way they interacted with Sky was similar to that of mother and child, and they needed her down here. What about Sharif, how torn the poor man must have been, while trying to hold onto the images of his wife as he fell for another woman.
I soon forgot about the two of them while battling my own demons, as I jumped into bed I was over whelmed by nausea and a constant deep throbbing in my head. I tossed and turned all night on my mattress until Smith eventually got up, took his blanket and went to sleep on the floor, He could not take my constant agitating any longer.  But I was not moving around simply because I was a bit uncomfortable, no I felt awful and was sure I had contracted a stomach bug or something similar. Sweat run down my face, leaving my pillow soaked, I was burning up with a fever but felt bone chillingly cold inside, my teeth throbbed and my back was completely riddled with pain. All of a sudden a bubbling sensation came from deep within my gut, I had no time to run outside, or even ask for a bucket, before I could think a river of puke was being sprayed across my mattress.
The others quickly woke, and Sky was by my side in no time, checking my fever. I felt embarrassed as I lay completely covered in my own vomit. Sharif told Zara to get a wet cloth and hand it to me. As the young girl passed it on I wiped my face and my shirts collar which was covered in large chunks of food from supper time. Sky ordered me to remove my shirt then she proceeded doing her medical duties. She placed the back of her hand to my forehead and here I could see the shock on her face when she felt how hot I was getting. Next she opened my mouth to check for signs of dehydration. After a few more test Sky came to the conclusion I had picked up food poisoning. But she could not understand how the symptoms hit me so suddenly, a few hours ago I was perfectly okay, now I was feeling like I was about to die.
Sky was going to administrate a bunch of home remedies due to our limited rations of medication. She explained that the first thing we were to do was give my stomach the chance settle, which meant no eating or drinking until the morning, next she’d cut my intake of water to small sips until I was rehydrated and my body could handle larger amounts and then she would try flush the sickness out by making me drink more liquid than I was passing out my system. Lastly she would give me an antibiotic if it came to that. Sky knew our lack of medication was going to be an issue in the future so she wanted to see if I could make a recovery before administering the pills.
With the tests done, Sharif offered to drag my mattress out into the passage way until the morning where he would clean it for me. Smith made a bed of blankets, right next to his, and the girls sat by my side, regardless of the pungent vomit odour from my mouth. I was amazed at how they were all so sympathetic towards me, it reminded me of when I was back home and got ill, my mom would move heaven and earth to make me feel better. Even though there presence comforted me, the pain would not subside, as the night went on the pain intensified, until eventually I managed to fall asleep.
Morning came and instantaneously I woke to a strong familiar aroma, I had not smelt this beautiful secant in a while, it completely enveloped the bunker as it gently flowed across the room. Begging us to acknowledge it, ridding us of the lingering presence of the previous bad odours and lifting every ones mood in the process. Before moving, I remained in my bed for a few minutes just indulging in the joyous smell which was freshly brewing coffee.
 Once again I was the last one to get out of bed, this time having good reason as my stomach still felt like it had been passed through a shredder. Fighting through the pain I felt a sharp sting run down my side, the pain overwhelmed me to such an extent it made me buckle by the knees then collapse back onto my blankets. Sky demanded I stay in bed; handing over the cooking to Shahkierah. Sky came to my side with a bucket of clean water and a rag, all ready to give me a morning pampering. After wiping my forehead down and checking my temperature she made me finish an entire bottle of water. Once she was satisfied I was okay, she went back to her pots 
This was going to be awesome, even in my discomforting state; I was not going to miss out on eating all this food, hell no! Sky was just finishing up, adding the last touches to the full course breakfast, all of us sat there in utter silence waiting for her to give the signal. Sky had put together an ensemble of fluffy powdered eggs scrambled and cooked to perfection, the thinnest crispy fried spam I had ever seen, looking ever so much like rashers of bacon, sautéed canned mushrooms and lastly the pot of black gold which was brewing in a large steel pot. Sky must have collected all these items, including the coffee on her little gun excursion. She was always thinking about her girls, and knew how they were going to enjoy this breakfast. Shahkierah and Zara had been going on and on about a picture in one of the magazines where a family was sitting around a long table, set out with a five star breakfast, from croissants to poached eggs. The kids would sit whispering about how one day they would have this and that. Thinking it was all just a game and no one would take notice of them. But Sky did, it wasn’t the five star breakfast from the magazine but down here it was more than sufficient.
Sky began complaining about the portion sizes as Sharif dished up large mounds of food in each plate. Moaning that we were not construction workers and were on a budget, there was no need for such large portions. Sharif simply ignored her as he halved the plates then served breakfast to each of us.
Once I had finished my breakfast I fell asleep, from there all I can remember was waking up and hastily running outside where I once again demolished our pit toilet.

Chapter 12
Tossing and turning in my bed that night, why couldn’t I sleep? Something felt wrong, dead silence in the air. My senses were in a heightened state. My current sick situation must have been over whelming to the extent that I was completely disillusioned.  I felt as if I was stuck between two dimensions, sleeping yet still awake. My senses were going haywire; all of my feelings heighted to an astronomical extent. I could smell the sweat from Smiths body, this would usually not be an abnormal phenomenon as the man did have quite an “Aged” smell to himself, but how could I smell him when he was across the room passed out on the plastic green chair!
My focus was then redirected to Sharif, I could unwillingly hear each breath he inhaled then exhaled as he snored ever so lightly. These involuntary notations of my surroundings were starting to scare me. Was I still dreaming? There was no other solution as to what was happening. But before I could contemplate if I was awake or asleep my senses went out of whack once again. This time my eyes where the ones playing tricks on me, my vision cleared then zoomed in, to the extent where I could see each blemish, each wrinkle and each hair on Sky’s face. I shook my head and shut my eyes tight, as tight as I could. 
I had no Idea what was happening to me, so I screamed for Sky, but nothing came out. I gasped for air but my breaths became shorter and shorter. I panicked and tried calling for help but nothing, only short exhales exited my diaphragm. My core started heating up, once again my fever returned then my neck stiffened up. Severe cramps ravished my entire body, what the hell did Sky give me to make me feel this terrible sensation? I looked across the room, and once again my eyesight was obscured.
My gut started twisting; and I whined in pain, my back began cracking. What was happening to me? I rolled onto my knees and began screaming in pain I couldn’t take this agony much longer. Every one jumped out of bed at the sound of my blood curdling cries and soon where circled around me trying to figure out what was wrong. Smith tried picking me off the floor but I pushed him away, the pain was too intense. He stepped back not knowing what was going on, none of them knew, they tried discussing the situation but all I could hear was a fuzzed out faint sound from their voices. The pain muffled my senses and sent my body into shock. I started convulsing on the floor, soon I was unconscious.
Then it began . . .
Northern Exposure
The Divided
12-01-2036
Saturday	
Diary entry: 5	
Cracking and twisting, my body began reshaping; contorting to its own rhythm; I had lost control of all movements, as it contemptuously did not recognise my brains instructions. Now Left on the outside looking in, all I could do was sit back and be taken on the torturous ride. Agony would have been putting it lightly; the torment which I endured had every single pain receptors in my body flashing on high alert. My screams were futile, as they soon turned to a wet bloody cough. The misty red spray covered my hands as I knelt on all fours coughing towards the floor. My body was breaking down, so it could rebuild itself, into what, I was unsure.
I felt as if the transformation had personified, like a psychopathic serial killer, tearing me apart just for its own amusement. The physical toll my body was going through should have left me for dead, there was no way I should have been alive and this was just the beginning. Could I last any longer? Or would I succumb to the pain and embrace a death that felt so much more appeasing than the agonising changes which occurred. But I was not that lucky, Death would have to wait; the transformation had more in store for me.
I had become a victim; it began moulding me into the images of what the new world perceived. It turned me from the weak into the strong. It peeled away at my vulnerable shell, exposing the beast, welcoming it to the new world and letting it have its first taste of freedom. Physical pain would be inevitable; my new challenges would have to come mentally, would I have the power of control? Or would I let it consume me just as it did the reapers? There was no one who could help me; the reality is that I was on my own. Now left a phenomenon, a terrestrial, an unknown, just like so many unexplained aspects of this New world, I could choose to embrace the beast or lock horns with it, in a constant battle of suppression. 
I had to control it, not only for myself, but for the sake of the entire group. I could not let it hurt my new family; I could not let it endanger the girls. But would I have the strength to do so, and even if I did manage to bridle the beat and keep it at bay, would my family accept the new me, or would they lash out and see me as a threat? I would soon find out.
Chapter 13
My spine began bending and my vertebra expanded, individually each one now the size of a softball, causing a ridged pattern from the base of my neck to the end of my back. Oddly shaped and out of proportion the transformation continued. My shoulder blades dislocated, without warning both simultaneously popped out of their sockets. For those of you who have been privileged enough not to feel the excruciating pain of that which is a dislocated shoulder, I cannot explain nor emphasise the magnitude of gut wrenching discomfort one feels, and now I sat with two, wishing I would be rendered unconscious by the pain. But no, the transformation would not allow such privileges.
 My arms hung out of their sockets limp at my side, giving way for my trapezium muscles which started growing at an accelerated rate, my neck bulged as blood flowed through my veins, causing them to swell and thicken. On each of my shoulder blades large keratin spikes began protruding and exactly the same occurred at the ends of each elbow. Smith lunged forward in a futile attempt as he tried rushing to my aid. He was as bewildered as the rest of my bunk mates, but instead made an attempt at helping me whilst blindly disregarding his own safety. He stuck out his hand, offering to pull me off the floor. Screaming at me, “take my hand boy,” but Sharif intervened, grabbing and restraining him, making sure he kept his distance from me. All they could do was hopelessly watch as I started to transcend, down the path of obscurity. I reached out begging them to help me, but the pain gripped me so intensely my arm fell to the floor. 
As I stared at my limp limbs, I could not believe what I was witnessing. My arms began growing just as my spine had. My bones strengthened and my skin stretched, reshaping and taking on a new form. My cells were working overtime, as they sped up and started releasing large amounts of calcium deposits around the growth plate, allowing both humerus and Ulna to grow in length and width until they had doubled in size. As my bones grew; a cluster of arteries and veins crept up the newly developed form. The map had been laid out, now it needed covering, so my existing muscle tissue started expanding. Fibres fused together leaving me with a muscular structure which was as hard and thick as that of an African Rhino. Lastly my finger nails began falling off, exposing the raw flesh were they once sat embedded in my fingertips. Suddenly soft keratin began growing, and once the fibrous protein had reached around four inches long it started hardening creating, claws which were razor sharp.
 My entire body had now replicated the process which began in my shoulder, neck and arms and I started to grow bigger and bigger. For a brief second the pain subsided, relieved I thanked the lord it was over. But I guess I was just fooling myself, allowing myself to experience the slightest relief from what seemed to be a perpetual voyage of torment. Oh no, this agony would soon seem non-existent to what I was about to endure. The pain riddled me again as the rest of my body tried to catch up to my overly grown spinal top half. Slowly I stood, but felt so disproportioned; the transformation had left me with this thick muscular upper body three times my previous size. My rib cage had reshaped and shifted giving room to my newly developed large internal organs, my core became as solid as brick, my Latissimus dorsi muscle were now the size of a basketball jutting out from under my armpits, and my entire body had been covered by layer upon layer of solid, bulky muscle. Standing ten feet tall, weighing in at around six hundred pounds. I was a living, breathing gargantuan.
Eventually I mustered up enough strength to lift myself from the floor and stand upright. As I looked to the others they became dwarfed underneath the enormity of my newly formed goliath frame. I stood looking down on Sky, Smith and Sharif as if they were the size of Shahkierah and Zara. Suddenly I dropped to my knees; the last effects of the transformation begun. Now looking Smith directly in the eyes I could understand exactly how large I had become. Trepidation coated the old man’s face, hesitant to act he merely stepped back as did the others. I was not sure what I was becoming but clearly whatever it was had him looking at me as if I was the devil itself. Once again I was screaming at the top of my lungs as the last changes occurred, pushing any last resemblance of my humanity out the window the transformation began, welcoming the beast into the New world.
My body had changed so drastically and now my face was about to do the same. My eyes turned a reddish colour; now only leaving this red membrane covering my pupils and sclera. My jaw expanded and slowly my gums bulged until they started pushing out my teeth making way for my newer sharper jagged fangs, which crept out until they sat fitted in my mouth each around an inch long. My hair follicles began shrinking and soon retracted into my skull, my head was completely bald, lastly my nose broadened, whilst my nostrils simultaneously flared. 
Eventually it had ended, but now I was left wondering what had caused it. This could not have been a sickness, no way this could be food poisoning; this was something way more terrifying. For a brief second I thought, the only logical reason behind the changes must have been infection, was I becoming a reaper? The reaper girl’s blood must have been infectious. I guess Smith was wrong about the whole situation; looks like these things could infect you. “OH shit,” was I becoming a reaper? Just my luck, from that bitches betrayal to the coma and now this! I was becoming a mouth foaming, flesh tearing Neanderthal!
But if I was becoming a Reaper why was my anatomy so different to theirs? My physiology seemed so far from that of the Reapers, structurally we were so contradistinctive, me a behemoth, a colossal mountain, walking ten feet high jacked with layer upon layer of bulging muscle, while the reapers body mass and height had not changed. There had to be another solution, I had to be something else. Who knows perhaps I was some kind of Reaper hybrid, a new form of the obscure creatures. Or maybe I was something different all together, But if not a Reaper then what?
As I looked up at the others, through my blurred vision I saw Sharif running to the back of the room, turning almost immediately back towards me; eventually one of them was going to make an effort to help me. I knew the smart Arab man must have had some kind of trick or remedy up his sleeve, if anybody could help figure out the precarious predicament which had been placed upon me, it would be him. Before I could fully focus on what he was bringing back, the cricket bat held in his hands had been raised in the air and with one swift blow he drove it down onto my face with such conviction. I guess he was not out to help me after all, unless you call smashing the side of my face, help! Great once again I had been rendered unconscious by someone I trusted, this shit was becoming a pattern and frankly I was getting rather tired of it.
In a way I could not blame him, the safety of the group was his first priority and the safety of his girls even more so. He may not have known exactly what knelt in front of him, but one thing was for sure it was dangerous; he saw a monster, not his friend and had to make the choice to protect the group. Sharif’s actions were a mere reflection of what we had become, a constant paranoia drove us to protect our own, at all costs. But even though he had hit me with enough force to kill any normal man, the beast was simply rendered unconscious for only a minute or two. Unsure of the extent or damage he had bestowed upon me, he kicked me as if I was road kill, double checking if I was alive or not.
As I regained my consciousness my eyes peeled open, trying to adjust to the light, I slowly covered my face, blocking out the harsh glare of the lanterns which shined directly into my impaired vision. Through the blur I took a closer look at my hand, something was clearly wrong here, was I still asleep? Was this some kind of late post dramatic stress attack? I slowly rotated it falling with a-gust at the enormity of the appendage. Then I remembered exactly what had happened, I was not dreaming and this was no panic attack, unfortunately the circumstances of my current existence where all as real as the air I breathed. I moved my hand from my eyes and saw Sky and Smith hovering over me, Smith was pointing the shotgun to my head as Sky did the same with both pistols. I turned to Sky, and sympathetically begged for an explanation.
”What the hell’s going on,” Sky, Sky please answer me.” She blatantly ignored me, and kept asking Smith, “What is it trying to say?”
She shook as she tried steadying her guns, I had never seen Sky so scared before, this was so uncharacteristic of the hardcore, gun slinging chick I had come to know. I turned to Smith pleading for help but received a similar reaction. It was so heart breaking, being rejected by the one man I thought would care for me regardless, how he could have grown so cold towards me so quickly, when I was just confused as he was. It’s not like I intentionally did this, I had not hurt any of them but they acted so aggressively as if I had asked to me dubbed this title of monster. Then I looked across the room where Zara and Shahkierah where cuddled together trembling with fear, it made a bit more sense, those girls meant everything and frankly if I was in their position I would have done the same.
Another stinging sensation happened in my back, the redundancy of these sudden sharp pains was getting so annoying; couldn’t this damn transformation just get done already? I reached over with my large hand and felt the wound, something imbedded in my flesh. I was wrong; it was not the transformation after all. Sticking out of my back was a large serrated steak knife. Sharif had stabbed me. I thought to myself,” geez what the hell is this guys problem first the bat and now this!” I mean I know some strange stuff was going down but did his approach to the situation have to be so pugnacious?
One thing’s for sure I was not going to stay here and find out why he was so adamant on killing me. I pushed the Arab man out of my way, but while doing so I unintentionally sent him hurdling across the room. I got up and shoved Smith and Sky to the floor with one bump then and bee lined for the door. As I ran I heard the distinct sounds of shots being fired in the distance, followed by a cluster of buckshot’s which went whipping past my face. I ran for my life stumbling in this new form, as I tried to get my bearings on this disproportionate body, my equilibrium still out of whack sending me swaying from left to right. I heard the shots get fainter and fainter as I ran further and further. What was happening? Why were they trying to kill me? And more importantly why the hell was my body so freaking Huge!
I was bleeding, confused and out of breath, I needed to stop and figure out my next move, running blindly down the passageways was not going to help my situation, I needed to stop and think. A puddle of relatively clean water lay at my feet, I bent over and made an attempt of rinsing my wound; I struggled to cup the water as it ran through the large gaps between my fingers. Distracted by my reflection in the puddle, I fell to my ass in horror at the creature staring back at me. This had to be the little girl, after all Sky covered me with reaper gunk as she blew its head clean off. Who knew what types of virulent microorganisms where swimming around in those creatures blood, what else could have done this? So much for the reapers not being contagious Smith, I clinched my fist and in an enraged outburst sent it smashing into the concrete pillar beside me! My whole arm sliced through the hard stone like a hot knife through butter. Fragments of cement scattered across the floor as the structure crumbled in front of me. I looked at my arm not a single scratch! I was left dumbfounded at the increase of power which flowed through my veins. How could I have been capable of such a feet of strength? This situation became more confusing by the minute.
So what now, I could not go back to the bunker, and I could not risk being top side. I sat on the floor right beside the puddle, confused and unsure of what I had become, wallowing in my own self pity. I wish I could say, I possessed a stronger sense character at the time, I wish I could tell you I embraced the beast. But that would be a lie, I will never forget how I moaned and howled, as I was taken on the emotional rollercoaster. I reminded myself of my mother when she first experienced menopause, I was a hysterical mess. I had to figure out how I could get back to normal, then it hit me, what if I would never get back to the way I was, what if I was trapped in the form forever? I sat in tears thinking of how my life at the ripest stage had been turned upside down. Thinking about what Layla had done to me, the coma, all the killings I had witnessed, the bodies which lay scattered across the streets and now this, I had become a reaper or something at least. What worse could happen? The tunnels echoed with my moans and roars. This was now what my life had resolved to, sitting in the sewer passageways, a monster crying like a child.
 Eventually I decided to try get up and walk, I had to get out of the sewer, if Sharif found me I wouldn’t be so lucky the second time around, it was already sheer luck the three of them had not  finished me off in the bunker, in my opinion I had a better chance with the reapers. I walked through passage after passage until I had become lost and confused, due to my delirious state caused by the transformation. My mind was caught in a battle between my human thoughts and the primal nature of this new creature I had become. It felt like my humanity was slowly being replaced by the beasts aggressive predatorily nature. In just an hour or two I had gone from sad to aggressive, I tried to fight it but the feelings were too strong, a cocktail of power and aggression stirred in my body waiting to be released. Time started slipping away as I kept walking; as I fought the urges the beast wanted to release. This continual battle of trying to subdue it was taking a toll on my body, this new form needed lots of fuel and I had nothing to feed it. My strides became slower, until eventually I had to sit and not before long I was asleep on the cold concrete floor of the sewer.
Chapter 14
I felt a nudge at my side but paid no attention to it, persistently it did not cease. Still thinking I was in the bunker asleep next to Smith, I demanded he stop kicking me and laid still. But the nudging was relentless. I had had enough of the old man’s constant agitating and woke to give him a piece of my mind.  As I opened my eyes I found a shotgun pointed in my face and realised I was not asleep on the mattress with Smith, no I was about to get my head blown off by Sharif.  He and Sky stood watching me like a pair of prison guards vigilantly policing a ruthless inmate. I was now at the mercy of the three most ruthless survivors in the City, now my only hope was for the lord to have mercy on my soul!
 They found me.
I mumbled to myself, “just get it over with,” louder I repeated “just get it over with.” Knowing they could not understand a word I was saying, frustration built up until I was at snapping point, I shouted in a sarcastically contemptuous tone, “JUST KILL ME ALREADY!”
“No not yet, who’s going to help me read to the girls” Sharif smiled. 
Why-what? He understood me, how was this possible. I looked at my hands; they had turned back to normal, this could only mean I was human again. As an exuberant eruption burst out of my soul I tried running in the opposite direction. I did not get far though as I was whipped right back to the floor. From one predicament to another, I found myself bound around both ankles with thick wires like a prized pig, unable to move. The wires were fixed to an even thicker chain that was wrapped then pad locked around a large steal drainage pipe. But why did they go through all the effort of trying to kill me in the bunker just so they could capture me and bring me back home, their actions were as confusing as the transformation I had just endured. In a way I was quite relieved I thought, “If they were going to kill me they would not have wasted all the energy bringing me back.” But Before I had the opportunity to ask them why they had not just killed be back in the passage, Smith exited the bunker door. 
Smith walked towards me, I sat with my head lowered ashamed to look him in the eyes, subconsciously I guess I felt like I had let me down, becoming the monster. If I had just listened to him that day and not gone to the SS mart with Sky none of this would be happening. This was a lesson in humility I would not soon forget; as he advanced I acknowledged the consequences of my actions and waited for the hand which would deal out my punishment! The closer Smith approached the more my heart pounded, it was so strange even with all this power I still shivered in the presence of the old man, and no matter how much I told myself I could crush him like a bug if I transformed, it did not change the fact that for now I was not the beast I was just ordinary old me. Like he always did he wasted no time addressing the issue, that’s one thing I admired about the old man, he was not one to beat around the bush, and he spoke his mind regardless of how bluntly his message came across.
 “Tell me kid what do you think family is?” I sat in silence unresponsive to his rhetorical question, he continued. “Well one of the dictionaries definition of family is all decedents of a common ancestry.” “My definition is a little bit more relevant to us, I like to think of family as a group of people willing to die for one another, a group of people who have come together by circumstance and have developed a bond as thick as any mother and daughter or father and son.’’ ”That’s what I like to think of as family.”
“You Cairo are family, so you need to know how hard the decision to drive you away was for all three of us.”
I burst out in an outraged protest, “Do not patronise me Smith I am not an ignorant little child, you talk about family but last I checked families don’t try killing each other when one of their members are in dire need of their help”
Sympathetically he shook his head in acknowledgment of my despondent demeanour, “Cairo, I know you think we tried to kill you, I understand your doubt in our compassion towards you, but just think about who you are dealing with, before you come to any more conclusions.”
”Do you not think the three of us could have destroyed that monster if we truly wanted to, especially in such a weak and vulnerable state during the transformation?””You have bared witness to what we are really capable of Cairo, deep down you know no matter how big and strong you were as that monster it would not make a difference with all this fire power lying around.”” I mean you were almost on the brink of death, it would take a few shots and not even that monstrous thing would have been able to survive.”
I thought about what Smith was saying, and in a way he was making sense, surly if they wanted me dead I would have been laying lead filled in the passageway by now. But even if their intention was just to run me out of the bunker, what was their reasoning in bringing me back? Too much was still left unanswered I would need a more descriptive explanation if he wanted me to believe him. Eventually I asked him the question which most rattled my brain, “Why did you bring me back?”
“I brought you back for one reason, like I said before you are family.””I understand the way we reacted was harsh but there was method behind our madness, we had to drive you out the bunker during the transformation, knowing you would turn back it was a risk we had to take.””We could not have you in here with the girls while your body went through such an unstable transition.”
“Please Smith there was no way you could have known I would turn back, I bet you are just telling these lies in a futile attempt to cover you own evil injustices which you all laid upon me.”
 “Look boy I don’t exactly have all the answers but I am doing my best here to make sure you and the rest of my family are as safe as possible in this complicated time.”I had struck a nerve in the old man the one thing Smith hated was when someone judged his loyalty to those held dear to his heart. Looking back now I should have put a little bit more faith behind his reasoning to do what he did, in all my time I had never seen him put himself ahead of his family, he would bend over backwards to ensure the safety and security of every single person down here, so why would he do something different towards me. I held back my snappy remarks as he continued his story and hope as he concluded I would get the answers which eluded me.
”About a year into your coma while I was sweating my ass off in that damn hot bunker, I decided it was a good a time as any to get some fresh air.” I would take you with me as well, taking you out every afternoon had become somewhat of a ritual I practised daily, after Sky had warned me about how keeping you confined in the stale mouldy air of the bunker would depreciate your already poor health conditions.””Getting you out into the fresher air of the passage ways once a day would not be the magical cure we hoped for, but at least it would allow those week lungs of yours the chance to breath.“
“Anyway that’s not important, about a year into your coma as I sat by your side conversing with you while you lay completely unresponsive.””A figure appeared at the end of the passage, at first I thought it must have been my mind playing tricks on me, but the shadow just kept creeping up towards us.”
”As it appeared into the light I saw it was a women or the outline of a women at least.””I was so confused, I mean what would a women be doing down here in the sewers all alone, no one knew about the bunker besides us, more importantly how did she get down here?””Then it hit me, reaper!”” I remembered the previous morning as I hauled down the groceries with Sharif, he and I must have left the man whole lid open on our last trip to the grocer, allowing the creature access to our home.”
”I wanted to dash for the safety of the bunker, but realised you were still on the floor.’’ “Left with only one option I pulled my machete from its holster and readied myself for a fight””The shadow Reaper came closer and closer.””Soon she was just a few feet from me and showed no signs of stopping.””I waited for her to get just a few inches closer before I would bury my blade into her skull.””But the creature acted in the most peculiar way as it fell to my feet and begged for help!”
”She was definitely not a Reaper; this was a human women who was in dire need of medical attention.”” I had to act fast; the poor woman was so depleted from wounds she had sustained top side, that I was not even sure if she’d make it back to the bunker alive.””So I dragged her mangled body back to the bunker as gently as I could before returning to get you. “
“It took us two days of constant nurturing until eventually she returned to a semi conscious state.”“Sky was pitted in a constant battle trying to break this women’s fever and disinfect her septic wounds. Luckily by the second day she had managed to stabilize the women well enough for her to barely speak.””She was grasping onto her last breaths of life, I knew she didn’t have long and regardless of how much Sky tried helping her she just wasn’t getting better.””She had a large wound in her left leg and it had become severely sceptic, and another on her right breast, I assumed a reaper attack.”
I interrupted Smith.”What does all that have to do with me turning into that prodigious beast?”Smith just put his hand on my shoulder as he did each time he tried to console me before continuing.
Chapter 15
”With her last breath she mumbled on about three reapers, something about her killing three reapers.”We couldn’t understand how one woman so thin, so fragile and alone could take on three reapers and survive. We thought she was delusional from the scepticism of her wounds, but she was adamant on making us believe her.”
”We tried making out what she was saying, but it was near impossible to understand her delirious jargon.”” After explaining about her run in with the reapers she tried delivering another message.””Constantly repeating the same sentence over and over, at the time I thought it was just  symptoms from the fever as her mind played tricks on her, but she was relentless on getting her message across, the dying women repeatedly said,
”New breed; new breed...A-pex.”
”At the time we took no notice of what she was saying  and tried harder to convince her to get rest, but our attempts on keeping her alive where soon rendered futile, as she slipped away.”” We franticly tried our best attempts of bring her back, but it was hopeless, she was gone.”That Cairo is when it began and the whole perspective of this New World changed.
“I will never forget the distinct picture of that faint smile on her face, as she lay on the mattress, at peace in death.”” But the woman was not done dumbfounding us just yet, yes she may have been dead but her body had not completed its metamorphosing, before she was completely at rest.”
“The women’s body started reacting, her core began glowing a fiery red colour as a chemical reaction occurred deep within her gut, her eyes started bleeding a toxic yellowish substance, the liquid soon poured from her mouth and pores until it had completely cocooned her.””The yellow substance burnt at her body until all that was left was a sheet of dead flaky skin, similar to that of a serpent shedding its out-lived old coat, I watched in disgust as skin peeled from her body exposing her raw flesh.”” Immediately another layer of fresh skin covered her, this time however it was harder and thicker, with a scale like texture.”” This women was a remarkable creature, whatever she was, and this exuberant ability she possessed not only explained how she had survived top side by herself for so long, it shed light on what exactly we were dealing with up there. A world where Reapers were not the only things we had to fear.”
Smith’s story sounded nothing other than farfetched, but in this place made total sense, after all I was a living breathing example of the implausible existence we now shared. If I could turn into the beast, and the reapers ran rampant top side, who was I to questions the reality of this strange women? But explaining about his run in with a creature as outlandish as he described did not help me come to the understanding of what I had become.
As Smith continued explaining I remembered the others throwing hints around in the past, little comments which I though irrelevant at the time. My so called family new about the changes which occurred in this woman, so keeping the secret from me must have meant they knew it would happen to me as well. I trusted these people with my life, yet they did not even have the mordacity to talk about the situation, they just kept the secrets from me knowing one day the inevitable would happen and they would have to do to me as they now did. It made a bit of sense as to why I survived in the comatose state for so long with such primitive methods of sustaining my cabbaged body; honestly a normal person would have died within a month or two down here. They must have picked up hints as to why I was still alive, they must have thought I was just like the women, a monster.
Smith approached me with his infamous machete, as he pulled it from its leather pouch I regretted ever finding the butcherous blade. He grabbed my leg then hacked away at the wire cables which bound me. He had freed me, I got up but this time opted not to run, Smith had once again intrigued me with his story, to the point I was willing to trust him for the time being. 
“You are making her sound like a fictional character from one of my comic books Smith, you telling me this is not caused by Reapers, then what?””Come on there has to be an explanation for all this, a scientific explanation?”
”Let me finish boy,” Smith demanded, “About another year went by after the passing of the mysterious woman and it was all we spoke about.”” I kept her corps in the passageway for about a week trying to figure out what she was, until the corps became rancid and Sky demanded we get rid of it. “”I wanted to figure out what we were dealing with, what abnormities she possessed, but our bunk mates were uneasy with her presence so we did the humane thing and gave her a proper burial top side.”” Since meeting this women, she was all that filled my mind, day and night I tried figuring out what she was, at times I thought perhaps it was caused by a reaper bite, other times I believed it to be exposure from the environment, not knowing how close but yet how far my guesses where.”
“Eventually images of the women faded until she became a distance thought which popped back into my mind once in a while as I fell asleep.”” Life went and we chalked meeting her up as a coincidence, we believed her to be a rare anomaly, a mistake made by nature, the only one of her kind.””But we were so wrong, she was not the only one up there, we found this out one day as we bumped into a rath....(Continuation Episode: Five)
“I will never forget that day, we were under constant attack from Sky as she moaned and moaned about the lack of laundry detergent in the bunker.”” Sharif and I decided it would be as good a time as any for a quick supply run, that way we could kill two birds with one stone while getting extra food for the bunker and fetching Sky the detergent she needed.””  But supplies were not the only thing we were about to find in our little grocery store.” “We were about to meet a very interesting individual.”
”The man we met that day was a reminder of what we had lost when the rocks fell, he reminded me of the diversity human beings once shared in our mixed society.”” He reminded me we weren’t all just hardened killers, but once we could choose the type of person we wanted to be. Be it geek or soldier, Goth or Jock.”” This is what made society as interesting as it was and with his awkward presence I was quickly taken back to a more nonchalant time, I mean talk about a character!” Smith laughed as he reminisced on his experience of bumping into that peculiar man.
He continued “As Sharif and I had become accustomed to doing, we drew our weapons with no hesitation, thinking we were now in the presence of a Reaper.””But when the awkward man turned to face us, we realised he was the furthest thing from a Reaper.” “He was bent over, ravishing through a pile of long expired potato chips, and I still get the shivers as I remember him stuffing his mouth with the mouldy crisps.””With his thick bottom-bottle glasses, long white coat, and button up plaid shirt, the man looked like he belonged isolated in a lab somewhere, not running around top side in the new world.”
 “We expressed our intentions by holstering our weapons and explained we were not out to hurt him, waiting for a hostile reaction circumspect of his intentions, both Sharif and I held steadfast not entirely dropping our guard.”” But soon found out the man was no more of a threat than young Zara, and honestly he was more trusting than he should have been.””In no time he was interacting with us like we were long lost friends.”
” We spoke for hours, until we realised the sun was setting. So we did the courteous thing and invited him to stay the night, where we promised him a warm bed and hot meal.””He was so happy to be around people once again, and was quick to accept our offer.”” As we entered the bunker he was excited to see so many people, he could not stop talking and even broke through Sky’s resilient shell with his awkward charm.”
“As time went on and the kids got sleepy, we tucked them into bed, before we could advance onto more pressing matters.” We wanted to know where he came from, if he was still alive surly there were other survivors helping him?”” The man explained that he has been all alone since the rocks fell, living in an abandoned factory about ten miles east from here, sheltered from the Reapers by the high walls and isolation of his contemptuous abode.””We were confused as to why the man was so far from home, what was he doing all the way out here then.”” He explained to us he was on his way to a refuge, to a place he believed others where grouping together in the safety of a community.””But the man said he had lost his direction and believed the whole idea to be a stupid pipe dream he was following mindlessly.””He had given up on this place and his only goal now was getting back home.”
” Apparently the man was a Geneticist teaching at NYU, his credentials were distinguished and he was regarded as one of the leading Geneticist in the entire state””He lived for the study of genetics and uncovering the process by which genetic traits are passed on from generation to generation”” He told us even though this was his life’s work, his secret little passion was observing the development of existing cells as they were mutated through evolution.””Quite ironic how his very passion would now affect his entire life.”
” Now it was only a matter of time before the story of the mysterious women came up, and the explanation we received was not what we had expected.””The professor paced back and forth unable to contain his excitement, jubilant with news of the existence of more of these spectacular creatures.”” he told us he knew all about the Reapers as they were in the hundreds roaming around top side, but he was not sure if there were more of the other creatures, of these so called New breeds.”
“With question after question the professor wanted to know every little detail about this amazing specimen, he pulled a little note pad and pen from his coat pocket and began interrogating me, he seemed so invested in the study of these creatures, so excited to  know about their existence, and I soon found out why.”
“The professor stood up and walked to the centre of the room.” Smith pointed to the exact spot the Man he was describing, stood. As Smith kept his index finger pointed at the spot, his eyes glared over and it was as if he was taken back to that exact day. He then shook his head as he re-entered reality and continued explaining.
“He dropped his coat and unbuttoned his shirt, I looked to Sharif mystified by his obscure behaviour, I mean the man was rather eccentric, but this was just strange.””“The professors face started sweating, he grit his teeth and braced himself, that’s when the obvious dawned upon me.”“ He was just like you and that woman we met, a New Breed.”
“The transformation began.”
“The professors ribcage shifted, it seemed to be splitting underneath his skin, some moving down as others rose.”” instantaneously two growth started developing underneath his arms in the gap between his shifted ribs.””The growths burgeoned rapidly until they had reached the length of his existing arms.””These newly developed obscurities then started separating at the ends and believe me if you will, small weird appendage like extremities started developing, after growing a bit longer they had developed into fully functional hands with finger nails and all, no different to yours or mine!”
“The transparent set of arms glowed a pinkish red colour underneath the candle light, and I stared in wonderment as I watched each vein, artery and bone grow until the final layer of skin coated the limbs signalising the conclusion of the transformation.”
” After the professor retracted his second set of arms and clothed himself, he sat down as it if nothing out of the ordinary had happened.””He could see how enthralled we were at his abilities and took the time to explain as best he could how this all was possible.” 
“Now I can try and remember what he said but frankly we were left too dumbfound to understand the scientific jargon coming out his mouth.””After he had had his fill to eat and slept the night he decided to head off.””We begged him to stay with us, but he was adamant on leaving he told us where he lived and said he had to get back, apparently he had unfinished business and wanted to give this so called safe haven another try”
Ecstatic with the news, I begged Smith if we could leave immediately, I wanted to get to the professor before I released the beast once again. If Smith was right, that meant the Professor knew how to control his transformation. Which in turn meant he could most probably teach me to do the same, more importantly maybe he knew how to suppress the agonising transformation all together. My number one priority just became finding the professor, damn I hoped he was still alive!
01-03-2036	
Tuesday
Diary entry: 6
They say all wounds heal in time, but what if the scars left behind are so deeply embedded into ones psyche they play as a constant reminder to the distrust inflicted. What if pain is all you see when you look into their eyes, what if people you held so close to your heart are now as estranged as the ideas of happiness in this distrustful place? Is that what it had eventually come to, was it truly every man for themselves or could I believe they did  what they did, knowing it was for my own good and accept their farfetched tales of four armed men and scaled women. I mean after all my existence sounded as implausible as the same characters I was finding hard to believe in.
Now left in a predicament I had to choose to either trust these people who were so eager to attack without giving me a chance, or yield in their presence as I accepted their promises. Were the drastic choices really made for the preservation of both mine and the group’s safety? Or did they just panic in the presence of the unrecognised? What would happen if the beast showed up again, would they embrace the new me or choose to attack every time they felt threatened. If Smith was telling the truth the explanations of the Professor would have allowed them to know I would retake my human form, thus justifying their actions in chasing me out of the bunker in such an injurious manner.
What about my relationship with Sharif, was it amendable? He was the one keenest on my mutilation. Had trust been completely lost between the two of us? Did he and the others really know my form would handle the strikes? The decisions I had to make left my mind boggled, I mean I had seen the three of them in action and was quite certain if they wanted me dead, their combined besiegement upon me would have done so. As I contemplated the different scenarios I knew there was only one way I would get the truth. I hated being in this predicament, I wanted my family dynamics to go back to the way it was. I wanted to fully trust them again, and there was only one way I could do so.
I had to find this Professor; or make an attempt at least.
 But as time does, it dragged on and I found myself still trapped down in the bunker. My request to find the professor had continuously fallen upon deaf ears, as Smith hid the Professors location from me. Exclaiming that when I had mastered control over the beast he would personally take me, telling me we would need his controlled power if we chose to take such a long trek. This rattled my thoughts even more so, some nights I think he really cares for my safety others nights, I think it is all just a lie.
Two months have gone by, and even though things feel exactly as they were before I changed, I bide my time and act like the incident never happened. We have built our life around the New me as I become a weapon, protector and all round life insurance policy for the new world. We train hard and long but no matter how many hours I spend with them I will not forget that day. I will make the journey in search of the professor and of the truth, with or without their approval.
Chapter 16
 “Steady yourself Cairo, keep your head clear, concentrate, don’t let him overwhelm you, show him you are in control.” Sharif guided me as I focused intensely while trying to control my barbarous counter-part. His methods were sound and his teachings were effective for smoothing the transition from human to beast. My body would soon become accustomed to the pain and somehow numb itself from the transformation and thanks to Sharif’s guidance I could now almost transform at will.
“That’s it Cairo!”  Enthusiastically he jumped out of his seat elated by his work. Like a proud coach rejoicing in their athlete’s success, he was over whelmed with the work we had both achieved. I grunted, trying to show him I acknowledged his excitement, oh how I wished I could communicate in this form. But unfortunately, vocally I was limited to grunts and roars.
But it was not all bad; I guess the good out-weighed the bad. I could do things that I did not even think possible a few months back. The physicality I possessed in this state was tenfold that of my human form, the possibilities now seemed unfathomable. The raw power that surged through me felt as viable as the blood which pumped through my veins. I felt indestructible, like a freight train at high speed, I reckoned not even the Reapers could stop me; this made me eager to put my new abilities to the test. Now that I had more authority over the transformation, I wanted to push the boundaries as far as possible. Unfortunately down here in the limited space of the sewer it was hard to do so, I would however have to wait until Smith felt I was in control enough to go top side.
But I chose not to dwell on future aspirations, I had no time the way Smith and Sharif where working me to the bone. In the mean time I would keep my plans of going top side to myself, between the two men I was over whelmed with work and most days felt like the load was too much to bear. Some days I would wake up thinking the tedious lessons where pointless, and on others Id let my fluctuating Tempers get the better of me and storm out the room, before the beast made an uninvited appearance. Luckily I had Sharif’s patient temperament tutoring me and keeping me as grounded as possible. Even though his lessons became time consuming and repetitive, I hung in absorbing as much as possible. Knowing I was not only prepping my mind and conditioning my body for the transformation, but using the teachings as a temporary escape from the constant questions which bugged my mind. 
My teachings with Sharif where broken down into three parts. Firstly, using meditative techniques to help me deal with the physical pain which was caused by the transformation. Secondly, I was learning the most efficient and effective way to transform from human to beast. Lastly and what I believed to be most important, finding a calm in my mind and coming to terms with what I had become. I had to accept that I was not just Cairo Goodridge any longer, but now had two identities of both man and monster.
 Some days he would make me change back and forth until my clothes were blood stained and dozens of disposed teeth lay like a box of spilt tic-tac at my feet. In the beginning I wondered what his intentions, where for making me change back and forth. But soon realised that each day I was transforming faster and faster and was almost at the stage where I could change at will, with near to no pain.
Most of all I suspected Sharif’s primary intentions were to insure the readiness of his newly developed weapon. I would be insuring his girls a better chance of survival, if I could get a grip on the change it meant if ever there was a threat I would not have a problem doing so. He understood being in the transformed state was the easy part; speeding up the process of the transformation would be much trickier. It may sound a bit selfish, but I understood where he was coming from, I was basically only a glorified uncle to the girls but would risk my life for them, so from a father’s point of view insuring his babies’ safety was a number one property, even if it meant using his friend as the object to do so.
 Sharif continued preaching his cognitive lecture, trying to make sure I was in a serine state of mind as I started the transformation. I cantankerously grumbled at Sharif before obliging to repeat the tiresome procedure. The exercises were becoming painfully monotonous, but I had no other choice than to compose myself and being once again. At first I could not get enough of turning into the beast, but now all I wanted to do was go collapse on the mattress and spend the rest of the day sleeping in the bunker or chatting away aimlessly with the girls. “Again Cairo breath,” Sharif was insistent; there was point in pleading my case, he was not the slightest bit concerned about how tired or sore I was, all I could do was succumb to his persistency and do as he said. 
I took a deep breath and began, listening carefully to Sharif’s instructions.
“That’s it Cairo, now slowly inhale through your nose... pace yourself boy!” “Good work, take three second intervals and exhale through your mouth.”
I did as I was told. “Clear your mind; you are a blank canvas about to paint your own serenity in the vast openness of your mind.”
” Picture the one place you felt most at ease, the most desirable place you could be in, now picture yourself there.” “think of a time when you were at your most happiest and mould the two scenarios together.”” You are in complete control of your surroundings, your head is free of everything else, and you are entirely secluded in that moment.””Good, don’t stop breathing!” I gritted my teeth from the pain and heard him shouting, “Stay in your serene state of mind, think of only the place you are in and don’t forget to breath!” as I focused on Sharif’s instructions a picture of my apartment appeared. Almost immediately I felt as if the pain subsided as I fell into the plot of this pretended world Sharif made me conjure up. I floated away in my own dreams as my body took over, transforming me without my own acknowledgment. I took a journey into my subconscious mind and found this harmonious place Sharif had sent me in search of. 
I could see myself in my apartment on my bed, but I was not alone. I felt strange, many times Sharif and I had gone through this exercise as I changed forms but usually I would picture myself on a beach in the warm sun or alone in a quiet green meadow. This was the first time I saw myself at my apartment, and what was more ambiguous was that for the first time I was not alone. She was next to me and we lay on my bed laughing as if it was a normal Sunday afternoon, a time when I had not a care in the world. Conflicted about her presence I wondered why she was here. This was not a happy place nor happy moment after what happened. So why was my mind portraying these images of this love tyrant known as Layla. The sensation felt so real the images so vivid, I could swear I felt her breath on my face and her touch on my skin. The heightened sense from the transformation made everything more existent, making me fall further down the rabbit hole into this illusory place.
 I could see each crinkle on her nose as she laughed, I could see the glitter in her eyes and feel her warm breath run down my neck as she nestled her face close onto my shoulder. But as the dream went on she started disappearing, I tried holding onto the images, why I was unsure. I should have let her go after what she had done to me but I had no control over my subconscious mind and like they say, the heart wants what the heart, and my heart clearly wanted Layla. But I would soon find out she is not all my heart wanted?
I focused harder and as my mind dawdled down the road of delusion, she appeared in my head again. But this time she had her faced turned from me as we cuddled under the duvets spooning. I whispered sweet nothings into her ear and fell deeper into the imaginative ruse. Then lifted my head from the bead and watched as the setting sun shone through the window, directly into our room leaving an orange glow across the apartment. I pulled her closer, as the images became more real each minute, and then told her I wanted nobody else other than her by my side. The hallucinated girl turned to face me, and as I saw her face I was snapped back to reality. Apparently Layla was not the only girl on my mind. But what did this mean, was I so infatuated with Sky that the sensation was strong enough to push out the images of Layla? Before I could dwell on the moment the transformation had ended, without warning snapping me back into reality.
“Well done Cairo, two minutes, thirty seconds.” “You have shaved off a whole forty seconds from last week’s practice, if you keep this up I’ll bet you by the end of the week we’ll have you changing in only sixty seconds.” “I’m proud to call myself your tutor, your ability to harness everything I teach is outstanding and in time I am sure your capabilities will be astronomical.” As I looked at the pride which oozed out of Sharif I found it hard to think this was the man that had attacked me a few months back. The more time we spent together, the trust I had completely lost for him, was slowly creeping back, as I withdrew my guard.
I was done with one lesson just to get ready for the next. Some days I felt like a lab rat constantly being tested in a perpetual circle which seemed to have no means to an end. There were so many days I felt like all this training was for nothing, what was the point if I was going to be trapped down here unable to put my abilities to use. I mean I could be doing so much good for the entire group, I could learn to protect us and make fear of the reapers.  With the lesson done Sharif grabbed his stuff while fumbling about trying to rush back to the bunker in time. It was his turn to help prepare supper and he knew how moody Sky would be if she was left alone with the burden. He patted me on the shoulder while trying to put on his jacket, then joked about how Sky was going to not let him touch her for a week if he was late. I laughed trying to sound as unaffected by his obtuse joke, thinking about what I had just mustard up in my subconscious mind with the same women he shared a bed. With Sharif off to the bunker I had to get to Smith for my second lesson, hoping his teachings for the day would help me forget about Sky. I started making my way to an abandoned section of the sewer, which had become somewhat of my simulations room. A place Smith and I could work on my abilities with complete disregard of our surroundings. This was the only place I could truly let loose, and not worry about how much damage I left behind.
The surroundings were we worked was under construction but had not been completed, I’m not sure what the construction team was building down here before they were forced to abandon their project, but whatever they were building, inevitably they had built the perfect simulation room for my calamitous lessons. As I walked into the dimly lit room, I saw Smith already waiting. He patiently sat beside a broken down pillar, sharpening his machete on the corner of the dilapidated concrete slab. With my arrival, he placed his blade on the floor, approached me and with no hesitation my lesson began.
 The purposes of our lessons were to harness my strength while I was in my changed form and using it in an effective way, basically he was teaching the beast how to kick ass. This early in our training he stressed that our main goals were to use my raw power and durability as my main choices of attack. He wanted me to be direct and promised me that over time he would teach me more fancy attacks, but now brute strength and momentum were my weapons of choice. He also helped me get a better grasp on the movement of the new form. Honestly in the beginning I could barely walk, like a new born gazelle falling over my own feet. But now I could run, jump and walk effortlessly, thanks to the hours and patients of the old man. Even though both lessons became tedious, I enjoyed smashing through the concrete pillars with Smith so much more than Sharif’s meditational lectures. I could release with Smith, the opposite of what Sharif taught me. Both lessons were vitally import as I learned how to control the chaos which lingered inside, but could release it if need be. But there was something about being in the form and causing destruction which just felt right, many times I wondered was that what the beast was created for, complete and utter obliteration of everything in its path? But only time would allow the satisfaction of finding out its true purpose, for now all my attention was needed as I had Smith standing across the room, eagerly awaiting the commencement of the day’s lesson. All that was left was for me to transform one last time and begin smashing shit!
 ”Exactly as we practiced boy, “He screamed out his instruction...Now.” With that I knew my cue and took off on a collision course with a pillar Smith had hacked a large X across. I exuded with confidence eager to impress him as I galloped towards the target. Not thinking my effort would fail so dismally, I carelessly tripped before making contact with the pillar and went smashing straight through it. This was not the calculated well timed tackle we had been practising and I tumbled down the passage for a meter or two unable to stop myself. Embarrassed I slowly got up and recomposed myself, thankfully the only thing hurt was my pride.
This was not like me, the last few weeks I had been making such progress, with few to no errors at each lesson, so why was I was so out of it today. The only reasoning behind my lack of concentration had to be thanks to the pictures of Sky, which I had conjured up in my earlier lesson. The reasoning behind them had me lost, and even though I had always been physically attracted to her, this seemed to be so much more. Did our imaginative affair have me so unfocused I could not do something as simple as tackle a pillar? I was not sure but knew this was not the place to dwell on it, I had to focus or Smith would have my ass. Smith walked towards me, without looking in my eyes he simply waved his hand in a downward motion and I knew what was expected of me. I took a knee next to him, but still towered over the short old timer, my height did not intimidate him though, he did not allow my size to threaten him, and oh no, he treated me no different in either form.
”Listen boy; don’t think of yourself as a bull smashing through a wall, picture yourself as a graceful cheetah swiftly chasing its prey through the Savannah.”I stomped away not quite understanding what he was talking about, he followed me, jumped up and grabbed me by the ear, I could only image how hysterical it looked as the old man scolded this gigantic beast.”Control your speed Cairo and accelerate only once you are a few feet from the pillar, focus on your footing, don’t just clumsily run at it, and remember speed will come, now focus on accuracy."
I nodded in agreement then lined up with another pillar, before charging with reckless abandon I focused on what Smith had said, instead of galloping full speed I jogged towards it, when I got close enough I exploded with a burst of acceleration, I smashed through it with ease. Now I had to stop myself before running into its counterpart who stood directly behind it. So I threw my left hand to the floor which immediately slowed me down before I came to a complete stop. Smith came running toward me cheering, he was ecstatic with the progress. There was a lot more work to be done, but that was fine with all the spare time progress was inevitable. I dusted the rumble and concrete sediment off my enormous chest while stepping away from Smith before returning to my human form. After impressing both my tutors my days work had finally come to an end, but even though I was so tired and wanted nothing more then the comfort of the bunker, I was hesitant in return knowing I would be in the presence of Sky. 
Fatigue sounded so much more appeasing than a constant battle of trying to hide away these strange new feelings. I figured it be better to rather participate in another laborious lesson of Smashing through pillars with Smith than sit an in the awkward company of Sharif and Sky. How could I get rid of these feelings, this was not what I wanted yet somehow its all I wanted, I did not want to come between Sharif and Sky but I felt like I was being drawn to her ever since the day at the SS Mart. I was trapped down here having to deal with the existence of this new foreign entity, the trust issues between myself and the rest of them and now this realisation of how allured towards this beautiful women whom I not only shared a room with, but was the student and friend of the man she loved. This was the problem with this new world we lived in, even though we had so much time on our hands, the problems we were dealt all seemed to pile up at once.
Five hours had passed since Smith had decided to return to the bunker and I was left alone, drifting away in the cold desertion of the passageways. But eventually I came to terms with my immaturity and opted for the comforts of the mattress and a hot meal rather than the cold and emptiness of the passage. As I walked back to the bunker I tried to regain my confidence, reassuring myself, “she was just a girl, a girl who I had been with for so many months” and tried understanding why I had these feeling of resentment towards Sharif, I loved him like an older brother and even though we had our trust issues which might I add were on the mend, I would never do anything to intentionally  jeopardise his relationship with Sky, so why the hell could I not get a grip and stop the way I felt, after all it was just a dream.
As I entered the bunker the only person left awake was Sky, good old Murphy and his damn law! I felt angry as I saw her tucked away in Sharif’s arms, she smiled as I walked in and pointed to the full plate of food she had put aside. I smiled back and shook my head, even though I was so hungry I wanted nothing more than to jump in bed and get this awkward day behind me. I kicked off my shoes and threw my top to the floor before jumping into bed. While falling asleep I could not help myself from thinking of Sky. She was so unique, so strong at heart, playing the role of mother, nurse and warrior, she embraced many titles, not afraid to shine in all aspects. This is one of the reasons I was so drawn to her. Thankfully I soon fell asleep while hoping these feelings would dissipate.
“Cairo, Cairo” Sky’s voiced echoed through my slumbers. Great! Not only did I have to deal with her in reality, now she was taking over my dreams. Her voice became more real by the second until I woke to find her bent over, her face just inches from mine. I blinked my eyes thinking I was still in a dream, was she about to kiss me? She looked glanced at me then smiled and said, I know you going to want to strangle me, but I need you help opening these stubborn spam cans.” Smith and Sharif have already taken the girls to wash up, and one of those morons has taken my camping knife.”” So please do that arm changing thing you do and help me out love.” Sky was referring to a trick Sharif and I had mastered before we started transforming my body. He and I first started for days on only focusing to transform my arms until I was good enough to stop the transformation at any single limb I desired. This took half the pain and effort and frankly was I being over exploited by my bunk mates when they needed insignificant tasks done around the bunker.  There was no point arguing though. This practice had become a ritual down here. But this was more than degrading as I found myself turning into this marvellous, evolutionary abnormality just to be used as a common home kitchen utensil! Surly this is not what I was made for; I refused to believe I wheeled all this power just to squander it down here. I dreamed bigger than the bunker, there was something very unnatural about trapping this powerful creature down here. I should have been top side searching for a better life for all of us. I could be the key to our ascension back to the real world. I had not been given these gifts just to waste them doing minuscule tasks around the bunker, I had to get up there and release the beast. Sky thanked me and I paid little attention as my hand regained its human form. 
After regaining my human hand I jumped back onto the mattress where I proceeded to lay on my bed and watch her as she finished putting the last touches on a bland looking breakfast, it had been a while since we went to the SS mart and it was starting to show in the lack of supplies and ever so dull meals she prepared. Another thing was my stock of stretchy gym tights, I used the resilient shorts while I was transforming, and they were the best choice I had at coving up while I changed without tearing every article of clothing I had. On Sky’s and my last excursion to the SS mark I had luckily brought two extra pairs along, not knowing how useful they would be, but the rancid sweat pants needed a break and truthfully if I could get my hands on as many as possible it would make life much easier.
As I lay and perved I figured this was not good; the transformation had heightened all my senses, so technically my procreative responses were going hay wire. This is why I was so drawn to Sky even though my conscious mind told my body that she is off limits; my primal lust was pulling me towards her. Like a dog in heat or elephant bull in musk, I was starting to feel a build up of aggression and sexual frustration from the beast and they were starting to show in my human form.
The urges to lay with Sky were increasing by the minute; I would find myself pouring with sweat as I stared at her, using every ounce of strength to hold back my sexual intentions. My heart filled with indignation as I thought about the current predicament I was in. Just Like a pubescent teenager I would get these flurries as if I was dealing with an amalgamation of frustration and sexual tension. I knew I was not justified in acting this bleak, being so aggressive towards everyone else, but what else could I do, I could not control what chemical build ups happening inside me, and it’s not like I could talk about it, just think how awkward it would be for Sharif, Sky and myself. They did not understand how it felt; just imagine drinking five cups of coffee and being told to sit completely still. That’s how it felt while they restrained me down here, the beast wanted to be free, not only from the confides of the bunker, but from this emotional soap opera which developed inside his head. If I was feeling this way now, just think how things could escalate in the future, something had to be done. There was only one practical solution; I had to get some space from all of them. I had to get out of the bunker, I had to get topside.
 But I knew it would not be easy, I knew it would be something I had to do on my own. After all I constantly tried reasoning with the two men, begging Smith and Sharif to give me the chance to go top side, even if it was just for a supply run to the SS mart. But both men felt I was not ready to be up there, they believed time was not a factor, and I had more than enough time to hone my skills and be absolutely ready before going up there. From Smith I always got the same response, “You’ll go when supplies run low, and right now we are in abundance,” and even though he was lying through his teeth I was not going to argue a losing battle. Sharif was no better, every time I asked him, thinking he could help persuade Smith; he constantly explained how trouble should not be sort out, but when found one must be prepared, or something Like that. To me it did not matter if the end result was still going to be no. I was feeling more and more claustrophobic while cooped up in the bunker and not even the passageways were a release any more, the spaces seemed to get smaller and the lingering boredom which filled the bunker was driving me crazy. I wanted to feel the sun on my skin again; I wanted to smell the crisp air. How was I going to convince them that I was ready to go top side? I would spend the entire day in the bowels of the sewer isolated from all my bunkmates, trying to figure out what my next move was, until eventually hesitantly heading back, feeling like I had not accomplished a damn thing. This procrastinating of the inevitable became bothersome, it was time for change.
That night I sat with the girls while they kept busy. Zara brushed her dolls hair back and forth singing soft songs to her plastic companion, while Shahkierah sat right beside her, reading some old magazines which her father had brought back from the grocer ages ago. The girls seemed to be okay with their confined surrounding but that was not the life I’m sure they envisioned. I know they wanted more, and could imagine how they missed a time they could go with their father to the mall or take a family day out in the park. As I watched them I wished I could see them running out side, or playing in the fresh air, my heart sank as I was reminded that since the rocks fell they had not left the sewers. I wished I had the authority to convince the others we could take a chance living top side, I wish they believed I could protect them, I believed we should take a chance; this was no way for anyone to live especially not two little girls. But the reality was even if Sky and Smith agreed, there was no way Sharif would let the girls go topside with Reapers running rampant in the city.
Even though I wished I could take them along with me it was not a possibility for now, and I knew that staying down here any longer was just as unrealistic. I had to get myself away for all of this and try finding out what I had become. I needed answers and there was only one clear path for me and it lead straight to the professor. Even though I had been side tracked these past few months, I had never given up on my decision to find him and now with the emotional imbalances happening inside me. There was no better time to leave. I knew that it might have been the last time ever saw them and I knew the consequences of disobeying their clear instructions, but this was not something I would procrastinate doing any longer, it was time to welcome the beast to the real world.
Chapter 17
The soft sound of snores filled the room. All of my bunk mates had drifted a slumber while I prepared to drift into the night. But I could not become overzealous; I suppressed the excitement even though I knew I would soon smell the crisp morning air feel the warmth of the rising sun as it set over the new untamed New York. And that’s exactly what I faced now, an untamed city, dangerous and in abundance of ferocious flesh eating creatures. My concerns for Smiths instructions were far gone; right now something stronger than obeying the old man was pulling me towards the freedom of the Sewers. If it meant disobeying him and Sharif so be it, I had to let the beast run free, I had to get rid of all this built up testosterone. The reality is in time they would get over it...Or so I hoped! I now had an unfailing hunger for freedom, which had to be fed before it consumed me and drove me to do something I would regret.
I grabbed my Jacket, slipped on my boots, slung my pack over my shoulders and as quietly as possible, exited the bunker. While walking down the Passage way I gathered all my courage and braced myself for the outside world. Even though I now possessed the power of the beast, I was not ignorant to what really lurked up there. No matter how strong I was if I bumped into a pack of Reapers I would be done for. Sure I could easily take on two or three, but a pack would over whelm me without the support of the others and tear the beast to shreds. I would have to be Smart, I would have to try and avoid any contact with Reapers, but I knew that would be hard while covering such a vast distance of land.
As I lifted the man hole I realised, my journey had officially begun. I was aware of how dangerous and tedious this whole process was going to be. Not only the physical aspect of the trip, but I had another journey I was facing as well, a journey of self fulfilment. I was on a quest to find out exactly what I was, I wanted to know everything about this new form I could now take, and even though Smiths explanation shed a bit of light on my new abilities, it was not enough. I had to make it to the professor he was the only person who could shed some light on the situation. I know I was taking a huge risk, the odds where definitely against me. It was unlikely he was still living in the same place, would he still be alive? Those questions could only be answered once I got to the factory so for now I pressed on in the direction I hoped was correct.
It did not take long to forget all my worries and get lost in the destructive tranquillity that was the city. A mesh of torn down buildings and dusty streets gave way to open grasslands and a bounty of different vegetation. From wild vines creeping up the buildings and around the lamp posts, to bright violets and yellow daisies which covered and accompanied the green grass of the NYC parks I cut through. For even though the city had been obliterated, compared to the existence we had in the sewers this place was beautiful. There was complete quiet, the wind blew gently across my face, and the Morning dew blanketed everything in its path.
 As I walked in my blissful state I forgot how hungry I was until my rumbling stomach decided to let me know. I had made some good progress and was just A few meters from the SS mart and figured this was as good a spot as any to stop for a morning meal. I knew I would have to top up if I wanted to make it to the industrial area, the trek would be taxing on my body and if I turned to the beast for any reason my energy levels would have to be full. The beast took up way to much energy and at least in the bunker I had a constant supply of food, out here I would have to be much more diligent on when I eat and how much I eat. Think of me as being an average sized Toyota corolla efficient and easy on gas, this was my human form. Now picture me as a Gas guzzling, petrol thirsty Hummer, using double the amount of gas the Toyota did to travel the same distance and yes you guessed it that would be my transformed form. The moral of my narration being, the beast needed to feed at all times if I did not want to faint from famishment.
But no matter how hungry I was I could not simply stop and whip out my breakfast, No everything I did in this dangerous environment had to be calculated and I had to stay on high alert insuring I was ready for any danger. I began perusing the area and happened to spot what looked to be the perfect place to keep me out the cold while I enjoyed my breakfast. I figured the large steel garbage container, which was sitting at the foot of a ten story building would be a good a place to eat as any. I did not want to take my chance going into any building as I remembered what Smith said about the Reapers, one thing their primitive brains did tell them was to take refuge from the elements indoors and in this cold it was likely Id stumble upon quite a few .So I opted for the unhygienic yet safer option.
I lifted the large containers lid quickly moving my head back in anticipation of the odour which would escape. But nothing, had I been so lucky to find the bin had been emptied just before the rock fell? It looked that way, and with no hesitation I jumped in and shut the large steel lid over my head, even though the confides where tight and the container had the faintest of sour smells, I would rather be uncomfortable for a while and ensure I was safe as I ate. I took my pack from my back and took out my food which was wrapped up in an old rag. I then placed the pack behind my head and lay with my back to the cold steel. Cleverly I had kept my supper from the previous night, and had managed to sneak away an extra can of sweet corn. It was not much but for today at least I would have some sort of substance.
 I unwrapped the rag which concealed a mess of tinned spaghetti and baked beans, mixed together their combined reddish sauced dripping through the rag. It was not the finest meal, but it would sustain the hunger and replenish my depleted reserves, long enough to get to the professor. Which I still contemplated, would be alive or died. Only time would tell, I had come this far so there was no point to dwell on what ifs. After finishing my meal I decided to take a quick nap, I had not slept the entire night as I eagerly waited for morning to come before starting my trip and now could feel fatigue setting in. This was the perfect place and honestly other than the slight smell I felt very cosy in the cradle like make shift dumpster bed. But just as I was about to fall asleep I heard a commotion outside which made the hairs on my neck stand upright. I knew it could only be one thing, Reapers, but what I was about to witness I had not prepared for.
I lifted the lid just enough to peep outside and saw that three of the creatures were just meters away from the dumpster aggressively piling into a dead carcass. It was an odd site to see how they interacted with one another and no matter how many times you witnessed it, each time would still leave you shockingly mesmerised.  One of the reapers caught my attention; she seemed to possess an aura of authority around her, way more confident, more together than her primitive counterparts. She wore a raggedy long floral dress which was mattered and torn at the seams, with the left sleeve completely torn away leaving the dress hanging on for dear life. Her hair was shabby and dust caked, also possessing that repulsive Reaper pale skin. Her mouth and hands were stained red with blood and she stood tall watching over the other Reapers clearly acting as matriarch. She growled at one reaper in particular and almost immediately it backed down, there was definitely some respect, some hierarchy; somehow it knew not to agitate her. So it dropped to its hands and knees and displayed passive actions, just like a dog being scolded by its master. The other reaper was not interested in the commotion of its companions; he was too preoccupied in feeding. This was the first time I actually saw a reaper feed, and it was more disgusting than I imagined. The site churned my stomach yet I could not avert my eyes, like a car crash the more you try and look away, the more you find yourself staring. But something just a few meters to the left caught my eye. I shook my head thinking I was imagining, but the image would not disappear. That only meant one thing, he had followed me and now was about to become Reaper lunch! Sharif hid behind a parked Chevy, signalling me. He was telling me to stay where I was; I was not sure what he planned but did what he said. I shook in anticipation, waiting for his next move. I prayed nothing would happen to him, angrily I thought to myself if anything did it would be my fault. After stripping the carcass of the poor animal which was beyond recognition, the Reapers huddled up under a shaded bus stop even closer to Sharif. 
There was only one thing I could do, I had to draw them away from him, I had to use what I had been given and fight the god forsaken creatures with this new power I wheeled. Distracting them long enough would hopefully give him a chance to get away. I guess this was it; all those days practising and now it was time to put my abilities to the test. So I slipped off my jacket and shirt, threw them into the dumpster then I began the ritual, ten...nine...eight....seven....six and slowly I started transforming as quiet as a church mouse I held the pain in and kept focused on my breathing...five...four...grrr...rrr... and soon all I could do was grunt, which was a sign of completion. I had managed to turn without giving away my position.
Something was not right though, something felt different inside. I felt as if I had lost control, as if I was a bystander watching from the outside as the beast propelled forward in a blind rage. I started running straight at the Reapers as if some animal instinct had taken over my body, and fear was quickly replaced by anger. I was at full speed and hit the matriarch like a truck. I landed on top of her, she scratched and growled as she tried clawing at my face, clasping both arms in my large hands, I looked her in the eye and began pulling, slowly I felt the tissue tearing and heard bones snapping, her arms were separated from its torso, they dangled in my hands as I stood, dripping with blood. The reaper squealed in pain before it bled out and died at my feet. What was this savage nature I had experienced? Never before in any of my transformations had I felt so violent, so primal! I was confused with this new power and strength, but at the same time deep inside I enjoyed the rush. I had reversed rolls from prey.....to predator. I lifted my head and rolled back my eyes, the sensation was like a drug, was this what I had become? A mindless animal bent off killing for amusement. I was not better or perhaps even worse than the Reapers, at least they killed to eat, what excuse had I for the enjoyment I felt while bringing death to something else.
Behind me the other Reapers stood ready to pounce. It was like two pit-bull trying take on a lion, two freaks of nature, and two violent creatures bent on nothing but the utter mutilation of one another. We stared each other down before engaging. The swift reaper dogged as I swatted at it with my claws, it danced around my strikes clearly way more agile than me. Before I could think it was on my back. It bit down on my neck and if it wasn’t for the thickness I’m sure it would have ripped a chunk clear off, again it bit. This time I did not hesitate I grabbed its legs, which were wrapped around my back. Tightening my grip; I squeezed then threw myself to the floor. We landed hard to the ground all my weight fell on top of it, I turned around stood up and began pounding at its face, my claws dug chunks of meat out the reapers face as I slashed and punched it. It squealed in pain and tried crawling through my legs; I grabbed it by the throat and put it back in the same position.  
Was this what I had become?
Chapter 18
 “Enough!” Sharif intervened, he put himself in-between me and the mangled Reapers body. He grabbed my hand in an attempt at stopping me from diminishing down a wayward path, disallowing me the opportunity to destroy all the progress we had made. But he was too late, the beast had reared its uncooperative head and there was no turning back now. I growled in an annoyed rage, this did not deter the persistent man however, he continued trying to calm me down.  Sharif thrust his hand with all his might into my shoulder, in a futile attempt of getting my large frame off the torn Reaper. He had gone too far, he had pushed too hard both literally and figuratively and now this uncontrolled animalistic force I had become, wanted nothing more than to push back.  I looked into his eyes roared in anger then swatted him to the floor, hitting the ground like a sack of potatoes, his head bouncing off the hard surface. He stood up slowly in pain, instantaneously the side of his face had turned blue, the back of his head trickled with blood yet he still did not believe it was too late to help me. Shocked at what I had just done he slowly backed away. But I was not done with him yet, I grabbed Sharif by the shirt and sent his flying across the dirt, he kept rolling in the gravel until an old mesh fence ceased his momentum. As he tried to stand he fell to the floor unable to hold himself up on what looked to be a severely sprained ankle. Sharif lay in the dirt like a wounded animal, and I was approaching like a blood thirsty predator about to finish my kill.  I lifted my hand to the air and sent my claws ploughing down straight towards his head. 
Inches from his head I managed to gather enough willpower to stop my hand in time thinking “is this I wanted to become?” I had no reason for killing him. I mean sure I felt he had wronged me in the past, I believed they all had. But this feeling which surged through me had nothing to do with that incident; this was something completely different; I could not even blame it as a jealous act of vengeance on his relationship with Sky. The feelings inside were too raw to be registered as emotions. I was acting purely on instinct; I wanted to kill whoever was in front of me not necessarily because I had a problem with them, but purely for the fact that they happened to be there. Regardless of if it was Smith, Sky, Sharif or a complete stranger all the beast was seeing was red, and wanted to make the streets run with the same colour. With my arm still raised I bent over the Arab who had not backed down. Luckily for both our sakes he was no ordinary man; this was a man of intellectual substance, a man who could talk sense into anybody, a man who could calm a storm and soothe the winds.
He began persuading me as he pleaded his case, “You know you are better than this Cairo, this mindless specimen is not the boy I watched grow into an admirable young man.” “You have to control it Cairo just as we have done a thousand times over, remember he is you and you are him, don’t let him bully you into persuasion, you are calm, composed and completely at home in this form, you are  not a mindless killer.”  “Look down at your handy work, do not stir your feelings, be proud of what you have done here, you saved my life!” ”What you did to those creatures was justified, but it does not mean you have to degrade as they have, you are not a Reaper, oh no you are special, you will be the one who save all of us.” “Strong and full of hope, you are the one who will bring our family salvation, you are the one that will give us a chance, so stop this childish behaviour and remember the strength you possess to control him is a hundred times stronger than the strength he possesses in those mighty fists!”
I calmed myself while understanding what I had just done; this man was such a good friend he was willing to look there other way after our violent encounter. Who knows perhaps it was like he said in hopes I would help him protect the family, or if it was his true friendship towards me, regardless the fact that he suck his neck out for me showed what character he had.
 But even though it felt nice to know someone was here helping me keep my sanity, I could not ask him to continue any further. This burden was mine to bear, and asking him to share the load would be selfish. I refused to put him in such a dangerous situation.  I retracted my claws and stomped off, then fell to my knees ashamed and confused with what I had become. Roaring in anguish I wished all of this would go away, I never asked for this curse, I never asked for any of this. For a brief second I wished I had never woken from the coma, at least that way I would’ve never had to witness the pain of my new life or feel the betrayal of the women I loved, mostly I would not have to deal with this damn transformation which was exhausting mentally and physically!
 I felt the reassuring touch of Sharif’s hand as he placed it on my shoulder. “I am here for you Cairo; I always have and always will be; you don’t have to do this alone.” A sense of relief took over, knowing I was not completely lost made things a bit easier and at least one of the questions I had set out to find had been answered. I could trust Sharif; my new family was there for me regardless of what had happened in the past. It was now up to me to stop dwelling on it and move forward. After all he risked his life and limb to come and find me out here, leaving his precious girls to come to my aid knowing there was such precious cargo on the line. I would not be the reason behind anything happening to the girl’s father. What if there was another Reaper attack, it would be highly unlikely that we’d be so lucky a second time around, or worse what if I lost control again, perhaps he would not be able to stop me that time round. There was no other option, he had to return to the bunker, and those girls needed their father. I knew how titanic the task at hand would be, convincing a man like Sharif to do anything he did not want was near impossible, but I had to make it clear to him. Even if I had to tell him how his mere presence put both of us in danger, I could not guarantee anything with the unstableness of the beast. So I had to change the playing field, and strike close to his heart. I changed back to my human form, covered in dust and blood, still crouched on my knees not able to look him in the face I began begging him to return. Just as I predicted he was not hearing me at all, it was like talking to a brick wall; he had made his mind up and there was no changing that. 
I reached for the last resort, “the hail Mary pass, if you will.” I knew my actions had to be drastic so I pulled the one card closest to his heart. I explained the destination I was on had nothing but blood and danger waiting at every corner, and he had a responsibility to the girls to make sure he was alive, something I could not guarantee if he followed me. 
“I know how much you want to help me, and I am so grateful for everything you have done for me Sharif, but please I could never live with myself if I was the reason those girls lost their father.
”You have an obligation to protect those little girls over me Sharif; they need you more than I do, they are your family and like you have said a hundred times over, family is the most important thing!”
His response left a lump in my throat as I did not expect the emotional tidal wave which engulfed me. “You talk about obligations Cairo and you are right, I do have an obligation to those girls they are my family.”” Just like I have an obligation to you, you are just as much family to me boy and if you do not see it after all these years, well then you are just blind.””Just like you say those girls need a father, they need a big brother too.””That’s what you are to them, don’t ever think differently, you could never live with yourself if something happened to me, so how do you exact me to live with myself if I returned to the bunker, having turned my back on their Big Brother, we in this together boy, like it or not.”
 He helped me off the floor, stood me directly in front of him and wiped clean the blood stains splattered across my face. I could barely look him in the face after seeing what I had done, his eye started shutting as the swelling inflamed. But Sharif played it off as if it did not concern him, honestly he was a good man, a brave man, and any doubt I had about his loyalty had faded in the moment.
“So if you don’t mind lets drop all this sentimental bullshit and start making our way, the dark is creeping up on us and I doubt you want to be caught out here hugging it out with a bunch of Reapers on our ass!” “The sooner we get to wherever you going, the quicker we get back.” ”Plus do you really think you going to find a single factory in Manhattan with only the words of Smith, come on boy lets be practical shall we.”
He lightly mocked my naivety, he was right, thinking I could find the professor with such limited resources was more than a long shot, it was impossible, after all this was Manhattan not some little suburb on the outskirts of the city. Sharif pulled an old stained map of New York City from his backpack. I was shocked, as I admired the ancient relic, the last time I had seen a map was on the internet, and I wondered where they had dug up the old paper, more importantly how relevant it would still be in this day and age. 
There was a direct route highlighted with a pink sharpie, which lead from the bunkers location to the industrial area where the Professor lived. Apparently he had left the map with them, telling them if they ever needed a safe place to stay they were more than welcome to come to the factory. Evidently the building which the Professor lived in could not be missed, but all we had were directions, the location would have to be trusted by a dirty piece of paper. But we would not allow that to intimidate us, as long as we kept following the path on the map, used the marked locations which had been highlighted as guides we would make it unless we bump into some unexpected surprises of course. Plus we had one more tool helping us find our way, a living breathing GPS. Sharif knew Manhattan like the back of his hand thanks to his day job as a cab driver before the rocks fell. But even Sharif would have a hard time finding his way around the newly shaped, destroyed city. However with the map and his natural guidance I hoped for the best, after all it’s all we had.
Eventually we were back on the road and travelling at a brisk pace, hoping to get as close to the industrial area as possible before the sun set. As we walked Sharif took the time to continuously bombard me with different meditational and scriptural teachings from his past life. The man was an avid reader and religious buff. He had studied the bible, Quran, Dharma and many other religious books, compiling all their teachings in an amalgamation of spiritual guidance on how one should live their lives. He preached as we walked trying to help me better understand the ideals of power and responsibility which came with it. His voices became a soothing back drop, like a faded musical tone in a movie playing perfectly as I got lost looking upon the tranquillity which wrapped itself around the destroyed city. 
I thought about the Reapers, us so called New Breeds, the living conditions we had endured and wondered; would people around the world ever know exactly what we were going through? Would they ever come to our aid, did they still care that we were alive? From what Smith had told me countries had stationed ships off our coast, and was ordered to shoot any and all vessels and aircrafts which tried leaving the U.S. If he was right they clearly didn’t care if we were alive, but what if they knew what we could do, would that change their minds? I soon started thinking about home again, I doubtfully wondered if I would ever get the chance to see my family again? I mean it was highly unlikely but the thought of being reunited with them gave me a sense of closure, a feeling that they would know their kid was okay. I laughed as I imagined how my mother would faint if I showed her what I could become, and my dad, he would be just as shocked but would soon be bragging to the entire town how awesome his son was. Oh how I’d give anything for just one more day of lazily watching TV with my old man as we shared a packet of nachos and laughed together for hours, knowing I was completely safe and had not a care in the world. The only thing that kept me from breaking down was that I knew they were at least safe in South Africa. I just wish I had some way of letting them know I was alive.
By the time Sharif had finally given up on his lecture the sun was beginning to set we had to find a place to set up camp for the night, walking around in the darkness would be nonsensical, we could not navigate and needed the light of the sun or protect ourselves from the vulnerability of the darkness, we had to sleep the night away and continue in the morning. Now we had the task of finding a place warm enough to shelter us from the cold of the night, yet well enough hidden from the presence of the Reapers. Luckily in the distance our salvage came in the form of an old tow truck, which was buried under an uprooted willow tree it had crashed into. The beat up vehicle was a much better option than using one of the buildings which most likely were sheltering the Reapers from the cold. We walked up to it and tried to prior the door open. Nothing, it was shut as were all the other doors, I thought about smashing one of the windows out, but that would be pointless the cold air would come flowing into the car. My arms grew and I became taller. I grabbed the steel door of the tow truck, and with a slight tug obliterated the lock, the door open easily, I had to use all my control, to not send the door flying across the road.
We climbed in, the warmth of the car immediately cocooned me in its toasty embrace, and it felt so good to be out the strong cold wind. The front of the tow truck was not that spacious but Sharif and I managed to both fit inside, we’d be sleeping sitting up right for the night, but fine as long as we were warm and safe. Sharif moved back and forth bumping the back of the seat, I watched him, and unsure of what he was doing, he ordered me to move away from the seat, so I leaned forward onto the dash board. As he pulled the seat forward he revealed a bunch of stuff which would come in handy for the night. Looks like this tow truck driver had been well prepared. Sharif started pulling out the items one by one, firstly a large warm blanket, than some extra jackets and last but most definitely not least two cans of tomato and onion soup. As we indulged in the bounties of this apocalypse refreshment stop I could finally relax, even though I needed the rest, it was more important that Sharif got off his swollen ankle and let it rest for the night. I knew we were going to have to do something different in the morning, I could not expect him to walk much further with that sprained ankle.
Sharif grabbed one of the soup cans and pierced the top with his knife; he drank half of the cold liquid tomato soup before handing it to me. The slimy cold soup slid down my throat giving me the shivers, but taste was just a luxury we could do without, we need nutrition and the soup was a means for substance, no matter how gross it tasted. Sharif turned his head and rested it against the window; he readjusted his hood and gingerly rested his swollen cheek on the cold window pane, he told me to get some rest as we had a long day ahead of us and without even a goodnight I fell asleep.
With Sharif fast asleep in a matter of seconds I had no one to converse with, all I could do was close my eyes and let my imagination run wild. But it did not take long for Sky to bombard my thoughts. Even though I had come to terms with her relationship with Sharif and understood she was trying to build a family for the girls. I had come to the realisation she was off limits, the lustful scenarios we shared in my dreams where the only thing keeping me from losing my sanity, I wondered most times how Smith survived so long without a women’s touch, I unfortunately was not as strong as the old man, I needed something, a kiss or touch, even a hug would suffice. Nonetheless all I could do now was follow this cinematic story of imaginative relations Sky and I shared.
My dreams were crystal clear; it felt as if she was standing right by my side. Her light brown olive skin and Latin features was the epitome of Mediterranean beauty. Those voluptuous curves and big breasts leading to that perfectly rounded luscious derrière. It was easy to become transfixed with her sexy body and forget all about that beautiful face until she stared at you with those big brown eyes. Sky was the total opposite of the first women I had fallen in love with, who happened to help her take over my thoughts. Layla was tall; her long slender body seemed flawless. I can remember how the lines curved down her body running perfectly parallel to one another, like arrows directing downward to the pot of gold! Her small perfectly rounded breasts made her model like physique so indulgent. Her blue eyes shone like diamonds and her sun-kissed hair rolled off her shoulders. I felt like the luckiest man alive, and found myself smiling even though I knew it was only a dream.
 Luckily I managed to get some sleep and put the two of them out of my head, tomorrow would be one hell of a journey and I did not need the slightest distraction, even if the distraction happened to be as hot as they were.
The warm sun broke through the chill of the crisp air as it shone through the windows directly onto my face. The feeling was amazing; I tried enjoying the moment as much as I could, keeping in mind it would not last forever. I looked to my left, wanting to wake Sharif to allow him to part take in the beautiful sunrise, but all I found was an empty seat. As I opened the car door I saw him in the distance, just standing in the cold doing exactly what I presumed he was. The air was so fresh that you could smell the crispness flow through the gentle breeze. For these few quiet hours it felt as if the world was at peace, Sharif stood with his nose raised to the sky and his eyes shut, taking in the sweet smells of the morning air. While approaching him I was quickly brought back to the harsh reality of this world .Thanks to the blood curdling screeches of a Reaper in the distance. Reminding me of the brokenness which co-existed with the beauteous landscape. 
Sharif looked to me, I knew what he was about to say before he even said it, “It’s time to go Cairo, get your things and let’s make way.” He was right; we did not want to be lingering around with Reapers so close by. We were both lightly packed and in a few minutes had packed our backpacks and were on the road. I followed behind Sharif, trying to figure out if I had ever visited this part of the city before, with the destroyed buildings and over grown vegetation, even if I had visited this place a hundred times it would still be hard to recognise. We had been on the road for an hour now, and he had not said a word, I started to doubt his knowledge of the city. Was he walking as blindly as I, merely hoping we stumbled into the right direction? Or was he methodically calculating our course in a confidant well orchestrated manner, with all the short cuts and side streets we walked through I wondered which one of the two it was? 
Just as my faith began to linger Sharif stopped dead in his tracks, his arm was extended as he pointed at a large familiar looking building. The dilapidated structure shone a dulled yellow colour, contrasting in front of the colourless background.  It was the MDEL “Manhattan Digital E-reader library”, a structure that had become quite popular with the intellectual, readers and researchers in this day and age. I was taken back to the only time I had visited the MDEL. Honestly, this place was not for me, I much preferred the confinements of my humble abode as I causally browsed through my fictional tales of warriors from days far passed. I just could not get past the awkwardness for having a bunch of random people cramp up next to me with their noses buried in the digital books, to me it was illogical but I guess to others it was a place of sanctuary, a quiet relief from the hustle and bustle of the boisterous city life. Sharif explained we were on the right track, looks like his skills weren’t all but washed away, he had gotten us this far.
“This is good Cairo, this means we are on the right track, according to this map the library is only 6 miles from our next marker, The Metropolitan Museum of Art’s.” ”So once we reach the museum we take a right onto Park Avenue, from there we going to have to find the Park Avenue National Bank.” I thought to myself, how the hell were we going to find one bank in such as large area, but he soon answered my questions, “Don’t look so worried Cairo, I think you have forgotten my previous line of employment I followed directions like I breathed!” The arrogant man smiled content with his knowledge of the city, and truthfully he had every right to me as bashful as he wanted. Sharif knew Manhattan like the back of his hand, the former cab driver loved his job and every day soaked in the city he had grown up in. 
Jubilant with the news of our progression I was excited, yet the reality was that I was exhausted from all this walking, I only imagined how Sharif was coping, even though he kept himself propped up on a long rod as he hobbled in front, I knew he could not travel like this much longer, his ankle was so swollen now, you could see it bulging through his sock. After a half a day of walking we had now only reached the bank. This time round I did not have the privilege of watching in awe as we passed by, all my concern was figuring out a way to help stubborn Sharif get off that ankle.
 I stopped in a weary protest, I suggested the beast, I mean, I could carry him with ease all the way to our destination. But the horror on his grim face soon suggested he was not ready to interact with it yet. Sharif lowered himself to the floor and rolled up his pants leg, exposing his purplish blue foot.  I grabbed my pack and placed it under his foot, hoping that elevating the limb would release some of the swelling. But that was only a temporary solution. More import was getting him out of the open, with dusk once again closing in on us we had to make a plan and get to the factory. Not even he could push through this time of pain and soon confessed the injury had completely demobilized him.  There had to be an easier way to get there, I just had to think as I scanned the area, all I saw was cars upon cars.  I felt the irony of the situation physically taunting me as I looked into the window of a Mercedes dealer, with all that German horse power unable to be driven. Then I remembered something I had I seen a while ago which brought me to the conclusion, maybe four wheels were the wrong answers.
I threw my bag to the floor and ran across the road, straight into the dealer, I prayed they had one in store. And like a gift from the heavens, the toppled AMS Solarcycle lay on the floor waiting for us to come and rescue it. Now I was no mechanic but knew the basics, we could not use any of the cars due to their beyond flat batteries, stagnant fuel and array of other problems. The Solarcycle however had none of these problems. Twenty minutes charging in relative sunshine and you were good to go. As Sharif watched me run into the store I could see the doubt on his face; it was obvious that no type of vehicle would work after such a long time being exposed to the harsh elements of the city. But he never knew what I did, this was not some petrol driven motor cycle. No, this was 2030 technology, not some old out dated petrol guzzling 2025 cab like the one he drove. This bike had another means of motion, Sun power baby! The bike was covered with miniature solar reflector panels capturing energy from the sun and a process took place which converted the suns cells into electrical energy. In all honesty it was way more complicated than that, but who actually knew everything about the vehicle they drove? Not me that’s for sure.
 Sharif helped me pull the bike from the debris which covered it, as we got it to stand we both stood in apprehension, scared to start the bike and watch our hope die as it failed to start. But with a press of a button the sweet soft purrs of the battery vehicle sang a song of rejoice to our ears as we knew the strain of the journey would be eased thanks to our new means of transport. Sharif and I jumped onto the bike, he wrapped his arms around me and immediately I turned my head to smile, he laughed and said,” Don’t you dare say a word.

Chapter 19
The Solarcycle swept us through the streets, reducing our mileage in half the time. The sweet silent purrs of the soft battery operated motorcycle caused no attention and not even if a Reaper stood around the corner would they be able to hear us revving onwards. I felt Sharif tugging at the back of my shirt as I steered us onward, he shouted in my ear, “keep straight that’s the last marker before we hit the industrial area.” Sharif was referring to the Statue of the New York Mayor Charles Duke Oliver. The huge bronze statue which once stood proud, now stood decapitated thanks to the large rocks which swept his head clean off. If that was not degrading enough it had been painted a spotted white colour thanks to the pigeons which flew by. I nodded my head and pressed down on the throttle harder, the Solarcycle was intentionally brought out for a younger target market who wanted to zip around the city in a hurry which in turn meant it only hit a max speed of 50MPH. But that was okay, the ride was so fun, it felt like I was flying across the mainland.
 Alas like all fun things, my joyride had to come to an end as we reached the outskirts of the gloomy industrial area. We slowly entered the dark passageways, The Street was blackened out by tall building, parallel and running down as far as the eye could see. We turned down a narrow deserted road and almost immediately an eerie sensation came over me. As we made our way down the shadowed valley of death, we separated a thick mist trapped in between the rows of buildings. To make the scenery even for horrifying, all around us bodies lay decaying, most falling victim to the meteors; a few less lucky becoming pray to the Reapers. Even though we had become accustomed to death, as we continued down the light deprived ominous road, I knew I had reason to be as scared, when I felt Sharif a man I regarded as having nerves of steel, clutch tighter to my jacket than a boa constrictor. But the reality was there were no ghouls or ghosts, those peoples spirits had been long lost, having said that it was not like there was nothing to be afraid of because the real monsters were ten times scarier than anything my mind could conjure up and I felt like a mouse trapped in a tunnel, if any reapers found us we had no were to run or hide. All we could do now is keep pressing forward and hope the path was clear. 
Out of all the darkness a bright blue light shone like a beacon of hope, confirming the long trek was eventually over, we had reached our destination. The blue “Rips-Chips” factory stood much taller than its peers, still looking unscathed by the rocks; it looked like a welcoming fortress from all the Reapers. I pulled the bike in front of one of the factories entrances. Sharif immediately jumped off the Solarcycle and hobbled straight into the building. I followed close behind, not wanting to be left alone in the dark nightmarish street.
 Eventually I had found the place where I would either get the answers I had been looking for, or have my dreams shattered as I found nothing, leaving me with a the same void of unfilled questions. The garage door lead to a large abandoned hall, our presence stirred a wave of boisterous flapping from the startled loft of pigeons residing in the cross beams above. As we walked in the echoes of the deserted building our footsteps sounded like the beats from a drum. The walls had been stripped of their paint, and were now left a grey dull looking colour, which faded into the similar looking concrete floor. The building was as dark and deserted, the only light which pierced through the giant windows on the higher levels was fading as the sun set and we knew we needed to make haste before we were left in complete darkness.
The more I looked around, the more I could not picture anyone living in this place, which all in all made me think this was one more reason I wouldn’t find the Professor. I scanned the area and there was nothing except abandoned chip packets and the lone pairs of workers boots and hard hats separated from their most likely dead owners. The factory was still intact and I presumed it was thanks to its hard steel framework. I looked around for any signs of life, but there was nothing, no clothes or food, no fire wood, nothing. As Sharif scouted the lower levels of the factory I decided to take a look upstairs; after all I had come so far it would be silly to stop here; I wanted to sweep this place as clean as a forensic team at a murder scene. So I made my way up a sketchy staircase which led all the way to the top of the floor, I looked up at the daunting task ahead of me and figured, just commit and get it over. I ascended, floor by floor, my heart raced; peeping down Sharif looked like nothing more than a scurrying little ant, snooping around the large factory. My legs burned and my back ached but I had to keep pressing on, there was no point stopping now, I was only three flights away and had almost reached the summit.
 As I reached the top, I was stopped by a make shift barricade, planks had been nailed in a zigzag pattern across the doorway, a metal cabinet, desk, photo copier and a small mini fridge had been pushed in front of the entrance in what I presumed to be an attempt at keeping Reapers away. There was a small opening at the top, barely large enough for me to fit. As I squeezed my body through I was elated with the discovery of the barricade, this was the first sign that someone was living here, if they took their time to make this elaborate reaper prevention system it meant they had planned on staying, and the hope of me finding the Professor become more of a reality. I climbed the poorly made structure, it wasn’t really the best line defence but hey, it was better than nothing. Scanning the room it was clear someone had once lived here.
The room looked to be an old office, which had been revamped into a living quarters. The first thing which caught my eye was the old, ragged mattress in the centre. It reminded me so much of home. For a slight second I was taken back to the bunker as I thought about how the others must have been spread across the room sitting on the similar looking sponges wondering if Sharif and I were even still alive. Right beside the mattress was a rusty rank looking bucket which I presumed was used for....well, you know! But the main focus of the room, was the make shift Frankenstein looking laboratory, set up across two tables. The first table comprised of a mess of relatively basic equipment, nothing you would not find in your High School Chemistry Lab. From rusty old Bunsen burners, Clamps and Tongs to dust covered Petri dishes, beakers and test tubes, the equipment might not have been in the best shape but it all still looked functional. As I looked towards the opposite table I found myself being drawn to the horrendous site, like a moth to a flame. The weirdness of the paraphernalia which was being used for who knows what, now induced me into a trance like state, to the extent that I could not avert my gaze. 
A collection of jars and cylinders were placed on the table, each of them possessed an odd liquid which encased numerous biologic obscurities. I walked over and took a closer look at the first jar, as the object spun around in the murky water I made out it was a human hand. In the other a decomposed foot, one contained a full rats body preserved perfectly and the last had what seemed to be a decapitated reaper head. I think I had found the Professors home, but was he a man of genius as Smith had described or simply a complete lunatic. I continued to stare at the disturbing jars, while trying to piece together what this man was doing with them. 
But as I heard Sharif scream my name I immediately snapped out of my hypnotised state. The queries of the jars would have to wait, I needed to get down to Sharif; I guessed the worse, and the worst meant Reapers! But I could not take the same way I came up; it would take way too long. I had to improvise, so there was only one thing I could think of. I had to transform; this time quicker than usual. So the transformation began with no delay, as my body began reshaping, taking on its gigantic form, my limbs soon doubled in size, and my finger nails and teeth fell to the floor being replaced by fangs and claws. My rigged spine arched my posture as it expanded. My hair retracted into my skull and lastly the red membrane covered my eyes.
However transforming was hardly enough, I still had to find a faster way down to Sharif who would be in a world of trouble if he was in the kind of trouble I presumed. I could not take the conventional way down; the stairs would be time consuming. I had to get to him faster, and then an idea came flashing to my attention as I conjured up a strategic risk, which would either get me down to Sharif in the most badass of fashions, or leave me at his feet in a mangled pile of broken bones. I remembered right outside the room I had seen a large cylindrical pipe running from the base of the factory all the way to the roof. In actual fact it was a huge steel chimney which had been in the baking process of one of the Rips-Chips products. If I could leap off the flight of stairs outside from the balcony, I figured I could maybe “and this was a big maybe” catch onto the pipe and somehow slide down to the floor. I would be down in a matter of seconds, to be honest though I knew I was no agile slick moving Reaper; no I was a huge goliath of a being. Doing what I perceived in my head would be way more difficult in real; the chance of failure far outweighed the chances of success. Not only would I need the chimney to be strong enough to support my cumbersome girth, but I would also have to firstly make the jump from the rails, which was around a meter or so away from the edge of the balcony, easy enough to do in my human form but now with this big body, would it be possible? Oh and there was also the question of how the hell would I stop when I got to the bottom?
It was now or never I could not contemplate my dangerous descend any longer. So I marched over to the barricaded door, duck my shoulder and charged straight threw it. Now standing on the platform with the chimney insight I had to commit, before taking the leap I looked down at the ten story drop. I doubted the likeliness of my success, even with my new strong form I was asking for trouble. I took a deep breath looked down one last time, took three steps back and started running towards the rail. The entire steel platform shook as I ran, and with one not so swift jump I managed to barely clear the rail. Immediately I started plummeting to the ground, but thankfully my momentum kept pushing me forward until I collided into the chimney. Which was surprisingly sturdy, I just kept sliding and sliding until my hands started burning and the smell of roasting flesh made me aware of how stupid this idea was. But there was no going back now, I had to suck it up and concentrate, the ground was catching up to me and I was about to become new breed road kill! There was one way I figured I could slow myself down, because clearly my first choice of using my hands was not working. I released the chimney for a second and began free falling. I drove my claws through the steel hoping this last resort would work, but I just kept falling as my claws ripped though the steel. Thankfully I started slowing down; until eventually I had come to a stop. With one floor between me and the ground I knew I could easily make the jump, and released to land perfectly next to Sharif as if I had planned the entire smooth descend, truthfully it was ten percent me knowing what I was doing ten percent pure panic and eighty percent luck.
Sharif was standing wide eyed and hands in the air. I grunted at him, in an attempt to figure out what the hell he was doing. With his hands still raised, Sharif singled only using his eyes that I look to the left. Behind a conveyer belt I saw the man Sharif and Smith described as the Professor. Hunched over, in a poor attempt at hiding .I cautiously approached him not wanting to come across as aggressive or intimidating, but just as I was about to introduce myself he jumped out and shouted  “Sharif is that you?’’ still waving the shot gun he had pointed at Sharif he came running out eagerly excited to greet his old companion.
Only after multiple handshakes and hugs with his long lost acquaintance, did the professor happen to realise there was a monster standing right by his side. But even though he seemed interested, he was not startled or scared, as if my presence was as common as the sun rising in the sky every morning. The professor circled me, inspecting me thoroughly, poking and prodding at me like I was a show pony. He could not control his excitement as he jotted in his little note pad about the biology of my existence. Only once ready, he addressed Sharif.
“Oh my, your friend is quite the Specimen Mr Sharif, where did you ever happen to stumbled upon such a magnificent creature?” 
Sharif was quick to answer, adamant to let the professor know he had already met me. “You’ll never believe it Anthony, but you both have already had the privilege of meeting one another.” 
The Professor looked confused; he would have surly recalled meeting someone with my kind of abilities. Sharif continued, seeing that the Professor could not put two and two together, “Do you remember when you came down to the Bunker; we had a patient, a young boy in a Coma, well...” Immediately the professor jumped in, interrupting Sharif half way through his sentence.
 “Mr Cairo!””But how can this be, ah but of course your mutated cells must have been lying dormant keeping you alive, that is the only way you could possibly be here, thanks to the transformation you have been preserved my boy, truly incomprehensible!””Come, come both of you please follow me, we have so much to discuss.”
 		Chapter 20
As we walked up our final flight of stairs I became nervous knowing the pile of destruction I had executed on this man’s property. I found myself walking through the entrance way which only resembled a pile of broken debris; I had torn down all his hard work and left his well constructed barricade a messy pile in front of his room. Relieved with his unconcern of the structure we followed him in, stepping over the broken planks and slipping past the wrecked fridge. I could not help but laugh as I watched Sharif fall under a stupefied trance, similar to the one I had experienced, in his amazement while witnessing the oddities which the Professor had collected. As we took a seat around the room, the Professor acted like an excited housewife, trying to offer us an array of different not so appetizing looking snacks. Both of us declined as quickly as possible, in the most hospitable way we could. 
The sun began to set and it was obvious Sharif and I had to stay the night, I was so excited I could barely contain myself. This was the man who had all the answers; this was the man I had risked my ass for. I sat quietly, like a scolded pupil in the principles’ office, hands over my knees, looking forward not saying a word. While Sharif did the complete opposite, searching the room amazed at the Professors experiments. The professor Stumbled about with a pot of water in his hands, he was as excited as I, but clearly conveyed his enthusiasm in a completely different manner. In one hand he grabbed a small tripod and the other his Bunsen burner; he then placed the small pot on the tri pod and proceeded boiling the water. 
Majority of the water had already spilt over but this did not stop the professor from continuously chatting away regardless of whether he got a response of not. He placed some freshly picked mint into the pot, which he stripped from a small rather fragile looking pot plant, who sat whitening away in the sun deprived shadows of his dusty window sill. He let the mint tea come to a slow boil, and joined me on the mattress. The odd man who was obviously over joyed with the reintroduction of his old friend but even more so elated with the discovery of me. He could not help himself from bubbling over in excitement. To be honest I was just as excited as him, but managed to handle it in a much calmer way, but even though I suppressed the urges to burst into a dance at the fact that I would eventually sit down and discuss the questions I wanted, I managed to relax and wait for the professor to calm himself down before we continued.
The Professor released a deep breath, as if the task of making a pot of tea was so strenuous he was physically exhausted, he removed his thick glasses and ran them across his coat, wiping away splashed water droplets from the pot he had shaken up in his bumbling attempt to cater for his guests. Even though he may have been a bit clumsy, he was beyond bright. He knew why we had made the journey, having experienced the transformation as I had; he knew I had a well of questions waiting to be answered.
 I began without hesitation, there was no reason we should beat around the bush any longer. I wanted to know everything about the transformation, the reasoning behind me being able to do what I did was incomprehensible, and why could I change so many times and not bleed to death? Why was I able to heal so rapidly during the change but not in my transformed or human state, how was I capable of such mammoth fetes of strength, how come I was so durable, where did this all begin, what caused it, why where the reapers different to us, where there many more like us... The questions went on and on, and even though I was quite sure he would not be able to answer them all, I prayed he could answer at least a few. Just As I was about to bombard him with questions, he beat me to it, nonchalantly interrupting me he began.
 “So Mr Goodridge, how may I be of assistance, what would you like to know, I can only imagine you are riddled with unanswered questions, please let me be of assistance?”I stood and walked over towards the strange table, trying to show him how serious I was, after all, I just put both mine and my friend’s life on the line while in search of him, I banged the table and the jars shook under the force of my slamming fists. Sharif came and took a seat next to the Professor, feeling the tension rise in the room he wanted to be ready to help me control the beast if need be. 
“I need to know what I am Professor, why am I like this, why do these primal instinct take over, some days I cannot control it while other days we are at peace?”” I feel like I’m turning into a mindless beast by the hour, The physicality of the emotions I feel are so intensified even in my normal state that some nights I beg for death instead, and even though my family have helped me reduce the pain and suppress the urges to a minimal extent, I still feel like I’m going to explode and the creature inside me will have his human counterpart, trapping me inside forever!”
 Without me even noticing I had the Professor by his collar almost chocking him as Sharif tried pulling me off. The Professor had gotten a firsthand experience at how uncontrolled I was. Through my tear glazed eyes I begged him to help me, “He wants me out of here Professor, every time I change it gets harder for me to hold onto my humanity, he is becoming his own enemy.””
Thankfully he was not fazed at my little outburst; calmly he removed my hands from his collar and pulled me closer towards him. We were now face to face, he adjusted his large glasses, the tip of his long protruding nose was now uncomfortably touching mine and he inspected my face as if it was one of his specimens in his jars.
”An old saying way-way before your time went, ‘the eyes are the window to the soul’, now take a good look into my eyes Mr Goodridge and see how relevant that quote is to your debacle.”
 Unsure of what he meant I blindly looked into his eyes not knowing what he expected me to see. He pulled me even closer and reiterated “look deeper Mr Goodridge” Than I saw it, the faint red ring around his pupils, similar to that of mine in my transformed state. He released me and rocked back, I was so shocked with his response I lost all anger and curiosity had now overcome me.
“You may regard this so called beast trapped inside you as an extension of your body, a deformity with its own identity.”” But this is not the case, he is you and you are him, there is no demon or embedded entity within you, no Mr Goodridge what’s happening to you is evolution, and sure it will take time to come to terms with what is happening but one thing I can promise you is he is you, you just need to control the overwhelming feeling of your transformed state and not let your mind slip down the schizophrenic path which makes you believe your transformed state has its own personality and agendas.”
“Goodridge we do not merely turn into these phenomenal beings and watch from the outside in awe of their amazement, Trust me I know most early days in the transformation it feels that way “But that soon fades as your two personalities both human and beast amalgamate leaving you not as two separate entities trying to work together, but as a single unit in control of one form as you are the other.” “Time... time is the key Mr Goodridge, there is no quick fix, no medication I can administer to help make it any easier, nothing else can help you, besides spending as much time trying to figure out all the ins and outs of this new beautiful mutation you have become.” In time like me small traces of the transformation will seep out into your human forms hence the red rings around my pupils, nothing major most times not even visible, this is an indicator that you have completely mastered control of your new form and your evolutional encounter is at its peak.”“Now let’s get to the fun part shall we, it has been hard for me to understand the vastness of our existence with my very limited supply of equipment, but what I have figured out is only the tip of our unfathomable abilities.”
“Well its simple, you are just like me and the hundred others that roam this continent, we have become a pack of brothers and sisters related not by blood, but by something stronger, the fascinating hand of evolution.””We are new breeds, Apex miscreants who are scattered around this great country hiding like dogs from the other natural predators who have clearly perfected their new abilities they were dealt and embraced what they have become.” He was obviously talking about the Reapers; the Professor must have suffered some bad experiences out here all alone with the creatures and was clearly touchy to the topic.
His tone changed and he calmed down, “Well it’s all quite simple Mr Goodridge, you are the next step in the evolutionary process, in all parts of life, be it the Seas, the Skies or land. All forms of life, from the big to the small engage in a slow and methodical race to rebuild their genetic structure to suite their surroundings and most times help defend themselves from the harshness of their environment, be it predator or element related. We too have entered this race; however our changes were magnified by the helping hand of the meteors gas, just think of the gas as a performance enhancer which has helped us compete on a level not even understandable to our opponents. We have over taken the evolutionary path man was set on, or perhaps have even branched into a new direction all together and have now  been thrown to the top of the food chain, we have been given the chance to survive this New changed world and take our rightful place as the alpha species once again.” “But let me go back to the origin and explain from where it all began.”
“I have been studying these foreign rocks for some time now, but in the beginning had just perceived them to be large chunks of dormant space debris.” Even though I believed I had reached a conclusion, I continued thinking that the coincidence between their arrival and the changes which began happening were too much, to just be left as chance.” No there had to be a connection, and one morning I happened to stumble upon it, while cracking open a segment of the meteors. I cracked its shell open, a pungent gas was released, the gas from the ten centimetre rock spread like wild fire, covering my entire room, and blanketing everything in its path.””Since you had the privilege of sleeping through the whole ordeal I’m sure the others have told you about the lingering peculiar gas which blanketed our great land.”
”Man oh man was I scared, I mean there were days that I sat all alone hiding in the factory thinking the world was truly coming to an end, its only...””My apologies I tend to digress occasionally, like I was saying the gas filled my room consuming everything inside, including my dissected lab apprentice.” He pointed at a dead oversized carcass which lay covered which a white pillow case.
“ It’s hard to believe the creature under there was once nothing more than a rat, With its little organs exposed it only took a week after the release of gas and the changes began. Right in front of my eyes, as I stared into its open chest cavity the creature started transforming.”” Its organs increased, and its body started reshaping until it was the size of a Yorkshire terrier, with fangs as long as my finger, thick hind legs almost making it look somewhat like a miniature kangaroo and it now had the ever so popular red eyes us New breeds have come to possess.!”“This was just the beginning of my increased interest of this gas and its effects it had, soon after the changes started happening in myself and just as you had I had so many question and day to day I am still trying to answers as many as I can.”
 “After my first transformation, I was more determined to find out what was happening, so my test became longer, I would spend day and night behind at that table trying my hardest to get as much from the limited equipment and test subjects I had “What I had gathered was that when the rocks fell the small sediments of rock which broke off the larger ones, slowly leaked the gas into our atmosphere from their cracks until it was completely diluted into our air.” “This gas was high in volumes of unknown chemical compounds a mystery to me and I presume the rest of mankind until we get our hands on some proper lab equipment.”But that is hardly relevant, what the gas did...now that’s the fun part.”
“The gas molecules have somehow intertwined with our genetic codes, endowing those with a certain strand of chromosome like you and I Mr Cairo, the abilities it had.” “The gas has allowed the modification of every cell in your body, which in turn have left them working harder, faster and at a much more efficient rate than our human forms.” “Take for example your dense tyre like skin, I could only presume your ectodermic tissue is being developed at an exceptionally fast rate, each time your brain sends the messages to your body to transform allowing your mesoderm, endoderm and ectoderm’s egg cell fertilisation to be sped up causing rapid cell separation which... “The Professor shifted his glasses as he squinted to look at me, he could see he had lost me after chromosome... To me so called “layman’s terms” was anything but. He knew I would not understand the genetic jargon he was describing so he tried to dumb down his example as best he could, so that I could get a grasp of what he was saying.
“Basically what I’m telling you Mr Goodridge is that when you transform its not magic, no good sir, its science.””And as every good Geneticist knows in their heart but will never admit is, we will never truly figure out everything about the human body, and with our new dilemma it makes things even harder.”
 ”However I can tell you from a personal view and not that of a scientist, the pain, the primality, the scared feeling of uncertainty which boils inside of you, they all eventually become controlled. I could sit here and tell you it will all be better but that would be a lie, I could tell you exactly what you are and what you going through but that would be an even bigger lie.””The truth is Mr Cairo, I have just scratched the surface of what we are, and the reality is we are monsters, but we are not only monsters we are also human, and one thing about human beings Mr Cairo is our tenacity to never give up.””I know what you are going through is pain staking and excruciating, trust me I’ve been there, but it is up to you Mr Cairo, to give in and embrace what you have become and push your abilities as far as they can go, not only for yourself but for science!”
As good as his pep talk was the end result is he barely knew what I was, was this, what I had risked my life for? I mean I could have gotten the same bull shit meditational advice from Sharif if that was what I wanted, angry yet somehow calmed by the fact that I had found him and I was not alone, which meant Smith and the others had been telling the truth the entire time, I tried looking at the entire excursion as a positive.
 The professor causally stood up walked over to his pot which had perfectly boiled on the little flame of the Bunsen, and poured the tea into three cups. He passed on the warm, surprisingly refreshing beverage and sat down. We both unknowingly sipped at the tea, not realising what we were in for. Not knowing the important news the professor was about tell us. I had come here to find answers on what I had become, but was about to get answers to a question I had not asked, which was so much more valuable than my unimportant little hissy fit with the beast.
Chapter 21
As I opened my eyes, the first person I saw was the professor, he was once again fumbling about with the kettle pot. I looked over my shoulder and saw Sharif was still fast asleep right beside me. I wiped my eyes and slowly rose to welcome the new day in this new strange place, at this strange time. I reminisced about what the professor had explained to me, he may have been limited in his full understanding of the depth about our new changes, but one thing he had made me understand is he too had gone through what I was going, and now was in total control and at peace with his new self. He had given me hope that I would tame with uncontrollable beast, and come to terms with what I was. Now I had something new to think about, that night before bed the Professor wanted us to get some rest so he could reveal the big news to us. He was so excited and I could imagine he spent all night waiting to drop the big news.
“Morning Mr Goodridge hope you slept well, I have made breakfast, and it’s my specialty, bean surprise.”I looked in the can and couldn’t see a single bean; I was too scared to ask where they were so I tried  blocking my nose and swallowed down the awful concoction he had prepared for me, I looked to Sharif and saw him quickly close his eyes. The sneaky Arab was wide awake but pretended to be asleep in hopes he would skip the awful looking meal. We sat talking for hours and he explained to me about what his experience was like when the rocks fell.
“I was working in my lab at the university the day the rocks fell, it was midterm and I had a ton of paperwork overdue.”” As I sat at my desk with my nose buried in the never enduing pile of exam papers I was suddenly interrupted by a violent shaking.”I ran out unsure of what was going on, what I was staring at looked like something out of a graphic novel, I had just been welcomed to the madness and horror of the New World.”The Professor removed his glasses from his face and wiped them across his sleeve, I could see the pain still lingered in his eyes as he remembered the horrific event which took place that day.
“I remember watching as both the students and faculty members ran in a disorientated panic, while being pummelled by the rocky shower.””Hundreds were dying right in front of my eyes; these children who I saw everyday, who sat in my class, who looked to me for support and guidance were being killed. They were being brutally slaughtered and there was nothing I could do about it.”” Can you imagine how hard it is Mr Goodridge, watching a girl who has sat diligently in your class for the last past three years, idolising your teaching, wanting to be just like you, regarding you as her mentor, be flattened by a rock, and the last thing you see is her skull pop like a grape!”
“While still caught up in the disbelief of what was going on around me, I stopped like a deer in head lights, watching the rocks fall all over town.”” thankfully my colleague Mr David’s, stopped his car right in front of me and shouted that I get in, I realised I had to move so I stopped day dreaming and hopped in the vehicle with no hesitation.””We managed to get out the university boarders, but soon found out being in town was even worse, Mr David’s weaved past falling rocks and deranged drivers, until we eventually made it to the cities industrial area.”” The meteors where not slowing down, the constant showers just kept going and going.”” I could see a sense of relief on Mr David’s face, there were fewer cars in the industrial area and the rocks which fell where not even half the size of the ones in the city centre.”” We had made it, now all we needed to do was get into one of the factories and take cover.”” Just as Mr David’s suggested the Rip-Chip Factory, a huge rock came ploughing into the car.”I heard a huge zing in my ears and everything slowed down.” Slowly I recovered and when I looked to my left, poor Mr David’s head had been left a bloody mess, mangled in the steering wheel.”” There was clearly nothing I could do for him as his body twitched off one last time, before releasing all accounts of life.”” I said a quick farewell to his dead corps, thanked him for saving me then kicked the car door open and began running for the factory door.
“Eventually I found myself here at the factory where I took refuge with all the other factory workers.””The building was sturdy and withstood the impact of the smaller rocks, which rained down in the industrial area.”” We waited for days, all scared to go outside in case the rocks were still falling; we survived on chips from the factory for about a month and thankfully the water system had not been damaged.”” Everyone developed a state of euphoria, a sense of fake optimism that maybe everything would be okay and then it happened.” I could still see the terror on the Professor’s face; before he could say what it was ,I already knew there was only one thing that could terrify a man so severely even after all this time. 
The professor continued, “That’s when grievously, I happened to bear witness to my first Reaper.””It all started when a few of the workers started feeling ill, in the beginning we figure it must have been  due to our bad diet and living condition, but oh how were we ever so wrong.” “Our futile attempts at helping them where soon conceded, as nothing we did seemed to help.””At this stage we knew our fellow companions were facing much more than just an aching stomach and high fever, we knew they needed medical attention or they would not survive much longer.” I cannot completely recall the precise time the transformation took over their bodies, but all I do remember was being woken up one morning and watching as these strange creatures started mauling the other workers.” “I only survived because; while they were tearing those poor souls to pieces I ran and hid in the restroom. I stayed there for two days too scared to come out until eventually hunger got the best of me.  
I exited the bathroom only to find a bloody mess and despite the horrific scenery I had a tiny sense of relief that the four had left, I was so scared to leave the building, what if they were still out there, so I grabbed as many chips as I could and ran to the top of the factory.”
“Slowly I adjusted to the high-rise lifestyle; I learnt to stay isolated upstairs for days on end only choosing to come downstairs when rations were low.”” But in time as things tend to do, I started to adjust and I became one with the new world.” My unhealthy diet changed from nutrients deprived Rip-chips to more suitable food, basically anything I could get my hands on from the little kiosk shop few meters down the road. “I managed to live on the goods from the shops for almost half a year and things seemed not so bad, I had elaborate dinners and large breakfast, eating to my heart’s content.”” I knew trouble would soon come but I tended to shun a blind eye towards the fact that I was eating way to fast through my reserves and not even three months in the little kiosk was morsel-less.“It took me some time all alone but soon I became used to this lifestyle, and I accepted the complete isolation of this place as my only companion.”
Even though the Professors story was quite enthralling, I had a few different questions I wanted him to answer. “So what about the transformation Professor, how did you deal with the ordeal all by yourself, with no support from anyone, surely you must have thought you were losing your mind?” 
”Well Cairo, when it first happened I was so scared, the pain crippled my body in the beginning, I thought the grim Reaper was at my door step waiting to collect his winnings.””I found myself even turning to God, and as an avid agnostic, it gives you an idea of what I went through.” “All I could do was scream, but there was no one to come to my aid, my calls for help where only heard by the responsive nothingness of the large factory.” “Soon the pain became so intense I tried begging for death, but it never came.” 
“This went on for the whole night, and by morning I woke from my unconscious state not understanding what I had just endured.” ‘’ I woke up being welcomed by my new form, my blood drenched coat had been ripped open and I discovered the miracle of what I had just become.  Sure it took me some time to wrap my head around it, but eventually, just as you will find out Cairo, we became friends, I stopped regarding my transformed form as an individual entity and realised it was just an extension of who I was and that’s when we became one.”
A few things still bothered me though. Firstly, what was the professor so adamant on telling us before we fell asleep that night and secondly I still never got an answer as to why he was all the way across the town at our little Grocer when Sharif and Smith found him. Excitement filled him; his animated actions made his dorky demeanour look ever so clumsy, with his continuous fumbling and erratic speaking.  I could see I struck a nerve, he was waiting to get this news out and now he had the opportunity.  The Professor ordered me to wake Sharif, he wanted both of us up when he relayed the important news he had been keeping. Not knowing Sharif had been awake the entire time, the Arab stretched and put on a fake yawn, acting as if he had just woken. As he settled next to me the professor began, he ran to his draw and pulled out a small battery, he then ran two wires from the battery to an age old device I had not seen since 2022, it was a “GPS Projector Slap-band”. The device was simple, the small watch-like device would be strapped around your wrist and through voice recognition you could access any area in the entire country just by saying its name, there after a topographical image of that area would be projected in a Three-Dimensional holographic form. Obviously the battery power had long died and now it needed a clumsy large battery to give it life, but I sat there thinking how this device was doing exactly what Sharif’s raggedy map did.
 “Come closer and take a look at this map Cairo, you too Sharif please-please come forward.” “What do you see, right there in the centre of Rikers, South Brothers and North Brothers Islands.” To think one of the most notorious Island “Rikers” had become a clean well sorted stop off point for Newport after the destruction of the prison in 2016, the Professor was obviously talking about New Port, everyone in New York knew about New Port. The island was completely man made, constructed in 2020 by Jameson Bro and Co. The island was developed as a resort for the Prestige’s, rich people who could afford the extravagant prices. Made from scratch the island took three years to construct.  The Island had it all, beaches constructed from imported Thai Sand, Palms planted from Hawaii, Macaws from Brazil, you name it the island had it. This place was the ideology of surreal. But the majesty of the island had little effect on the Professor’s interest in the island, he was not concerned about what it consisted of, he was excited for what it had become.
“Here in this small town of Newport, there happens to be the promise of new beginning, the promise of growth and prosperity.” ”I’m talking about a settlement, a place people have gathered together by the hundreds in a successful attempt at rebuilding our lost society... I’m taking about a safe refuge, gentlemen.”
His idea sounded like nothing more than the ramblings of a mad man, left alone for way to long. I did not regard one piece of his story as true, but enlightened him as my pretence to show interest in what he was saying continued. Clearly Sharif had the same idea as me; he kept quiet trying to be a polite guest, as the Professor went on preaching about the Safety of New Port, not questioning his ludicrous beliefs in this sanctuary. The Professor carried on the conversation, trying to convince me.
”Newport is a small Island about ten maybe fifteen kilometres off East Rivers main harbour.””Initially it was used as a tourist destination, as you surly know.”” It was extremely fancy, and only the wealthy and famous would visit the island.””  The island has a healthy ecosystem containing all sorts of vegetation and small wildlife, imported from all over the world.””You see the reason why I believe in this place is simply because, I have visited Newport before, during an outbreak of mice on the island, many of us scientists from the university were ushered in to find out what the cause of the rodent outbreak was, and how it could be stopped, it was very simple actually, due to the increase of people during the festive season and the amount of food.”I looked at the Professor and he understood exactly what I meant, ”Okay staying on point, I visited the island and during the time I was there, I managed to examine the whole area, it is the perfect place to grow  a community and if all signs of Reapers had been eradicated, then what would stop the survivors from rebuilding?”The professor was making a very valid point, however I still was not convinced. I expected Smith or Sharif would have heard about a place like this by now, not much passed either of them. The Professor could see our interest fading, as we identified his story as nothing more than fictional, in a final attempt he tried to persuade us to believe him.
” Please just bear with me gentlemen, and let your mind wonder.” “Just imagine the Sanctities of isolation from this dangerous place, imagine you could take your family to a place where they could have somewhat of a resemblance of a real life.” “Now that is the promise of Newport.” “The resort has become a thriving little town with around five hundred or more members.” “There are agricultural techniques in place so fresh food is promised, even rumours of Livestock.” ” Just think of a large piece of rare steak Mr Goodridge, Ooh Id cut all four of these bad boys off for a prime strip!” I laughed as the Professor waved his hands in the air. The Professor asked Sharif and I to follow him downstairs, Sharif gave me that “has this guy gone mad?” look and I simply shrugged my shoulders and tried hiding my smile. After the professor had been so courteous towards us and had helped me understand what I was, to the best of his ability, the least we could do was spare him some of our time and indulge in his factorial idea of this place he vividly imagined existed. As we walked down the seemingly never-ending flight of stairs the Professor continued lecturing us about New Port.
“So Mr Goodridge, I have one question for you.” ”Now that you have gotten what you came for, and understand exactly what you are, what do you intend to do with all that power you wheeled in that gargantuan frame of yours? “ If your answer is to go and crawl back into the depths of the deserted sewers, by all means please let me know and I will stop trying to persuade you immediately.” “But if you dream bigger, if you want more to life bare with me for just a few more hours and see the life I can offer you.” Tell me Mr Sharif where do you think someone like you belongs, living in the bottoms of a sewer or helping others rebuilds humanity?”The Professor had now turned his attention onto Sharif. “Do you not think those precious little girls of yours deserve a better chance, a better life?”” Would you not risk it all for the slightest opportunity in ensuring their safety, I know you think I’m crazy Mr Sharif, but please look around, is the life we now live regarded as nothing other than crazy?” 
He turned around and grabbed Sharif’s arm, his demeanour had changed as a haze of fear filled his eyes. “Both of you don’t understand what exactly is out there.”” You think Reapers were your biggest problem, well I regret to inform you my friends they are not even the tip of the evil which lurks these lands.” “There are things out there like you and me, who do not share the values of family, who do not care about their fellow man.” “There are people out there that were monsters on the inside before they became monsters on the outside.” “People willing to use these new powers they have been given to rape, kill and steal in this new lawless world of ours.” “So please trust me when I say, the isolation of the sewers will not protect you forever!”
Maybe he was right; maybe taking him to Smith would convince them about Newport. It was worth taking a look into the island existence, I mean what harm could it bring, if it was there our lives would be changed forever and if it wasn’t, well we would just go back to our normal way of existence.
“So Professor, you are telling me you are one hundred percent sure this Newport place exist, we can’t afford the risk on only on the hope and dream it may or may not exist.” ”We need to know that this place is not just some sort of coping mechanism you dreamed up while being all alone in here.”
The Professor was not impressed,” Something I dreamed up, Oh please do not patronise me Mr Goodridge, I have a doctorate and two master degrees how dare you assume I’m crazy!” “Do you think I would risk my life on something I just conjured up in my head, wait I have something that will even change your sceptical mind”
 “I stumbled upon something quite interesting about a month before you and Smith found me Sharif.” “It was an ancient piece of history buried in the rubble of the torn down factory next door.” “At first I believed I would stumble across something while using the old gadget but day after day nothing.” “The old two way radio seemed too long past its time to pick up anything other than static frequencies.” “However, this did not deter me in the slightest, after all, what else could I spend my time on. It not like I had to be anywhere.” “Then one morning as I was searching through the channels I heard a voice, the signal was so bad and the voice so soft that at first I passed it, thinking I must have just heard things.” “Then he spoke again, this time clear enough to hear.”
Chapter 22
 “The man’s name was Duke Wills; he was in charge of the local radio tower down on Newport.””He supplied the island with daily jams, news, weather and basically anything else he could receive from their sister station in Brazil which had not cut their frequency, however a World wide band was put on every country not allowing them to interact with anyone in the U.S and most signals where jammed so he could get what was coming in, but could not deliver a single message outside of the U.S.” ”Duke was as excited to hear from me as I was to hear from him, he had explained that this way a total of forty people had been given the good news of Newport and now they all safely resided on the island.” Day after day we talked and he begged me to make the trek to Newport, but I was scared, it seemed so far and I had not gone more than a few meters out of the factory in so many years.” “He even introduced me to his family and friends, in an attempt to convince me, and eventually I decided I would make the journey.”” Now at that stage I had no Slap-Band, just his directions and changed landscape that looked as foreign to me as a mars.”
“I explained my conundrum to Duke and he understood the debacle I faced, I hate to say he taunted me, but he did manage to persuade me as he explained the grandeurs of the island.” explained how I could imagine being around other people again, and feeling a pinch of harmony at night in this new safe haven, not having to wake up every time I heard a bang.””The isolation of human contact would soon be over if I got to Newport.” “Dave told me how the island was isolated from the main land and the few reapers that were on the island in the beginning during the development of Newport were eradicated.” ”This was a Reaper free zone, not only that but he also told me there was a system of government in play and he explained how the soldiers of Newport assured its Safety, there was no threat from Reapers or from other humans, this was no lawless society.” “He also briefly touched on something called the Apex project as well, I never quite understood what he was referring to, but it was not to my concern, I was more interested in the warm showers and cosy beds he promised, what was most intriguing though, was the promise of a proper place to work, with the best equipment, focused on research and development, to think I could be in my environment again studying.” The professor could see we were intrigued in his story of Newport, but was it enough to risk our families live on such a treacherous trek with just his word as proof. 
“Look the reality of the situation is I know you are not going to help me get to the island without some sort of hard evidence, and I can assure you hard evidence is exactly what you are going to get.”
The professor pulled out his Slap-Band, after tweaking it a bit an image shot from the device, this was one of the Slap-Bands modified apps, nothing out of the ordinary for 2030 technology, you could send and receive videos of previous places you were from one device to another, almost as simple as a cell phone video. As the Video expanded a man’s face popped onto the screen, Sharif looked at me once again, and this time though it was out of complete curiosity, had the Professor been right the entire time? I could only presume the man on the screen was Duke Wills and as he began to speak my breath escaped from my body.
The man on the video began speaking, “Hi Anthony, I can only hope this video reaches you in one piece, I will be contacting you soon via the radio to find out its arrival.” “I would like to show you the wonders of our little town my friend in hopes I can persuade you to join us.” 
Then Duke moved the camera from his face and pointed it at the town, immediately Sharif and I gassed in excitement of what we were witnessing as we saw children running past the camera, couples walking hand in hand smiling, then suddenly the image just disappeared.” Unable to contain my excitement, I shouted out “No come back!” Almost immediately I realised what I had done and shut my mouth in complete embarrassment. Sharif had a better control over his emotions and asked the professor about the reliability of the video, started drilling the Professor with questions, “Why did the video cut, why was no others sent, could we contact Duke via the radio?” But the Professor shook his head, he seemed depressed and scared at the questions asked and only when he replied did I understand why.
 “Almost a month ago I stopped receiving all calls from Duke, it’s like he completely forgot about me.””The first few days I presumed he must have been too preoccupied, but then week after week I lost hope until I came to the conclusion I would not receive another broadcast from my new friend.”“But this does not change the fact that Newport exists, it is there regardless of Dukes presence, and I know what I am asking is a lot but with what I have given you I cannot see any reason not to believe this place is real, oh and there’s one last little thing which may help change your mind, call it my little, big back up plan.”
We went entered the basement of the Factory and in the middle stood something huge, covered with oil stained tarp. The professor ran to the tarp grabbed it in one hand and began presenting his little toy, “Mr Goodridge, Mr Sharif I give you my little angle, Big Betty!” As the Professor pulled the trap away, a large Truck was revealed. It was still in mint condition, not even the rims were scuffed. It looked like the New Chevy 234 Wildfire. 
A double cab monster of an automobile, I asked the Professor why the hell had he not just taken the trip along time ago then, but his answer put him to shame. “During my time at the university I never saw the need to use a car, I bicycle or Solarcycle seemed so much more environmentally friendly and honestly who wants to be wasting all that money on gas!” The professor was trying to justify his reasons in never learning to drive, and as his cheeks reddened in shame, so I quickly changed the subject trying to save him any further embarrassment.
“This changes everything professor, if this truck still runs we can manage to make it to the island and back in a matter of hours.” I looked to Sharif for his support and with a single nod I knew he was onboard with the idea of Newport.
Chapter 23
I sat comfortably on my Solarcycle which had been loaded in the back of the truck. I wanted to ensure I got every single last ounce of fresh air before returning back into the damp conditions of the sewer. Sharif drove and the Professor sat right by his side, for the first time since I had woken up I felt like I had a purpose in life, I felt like we were striving for something, I felt like we had a chance at a future. I could not wait to see Sky and Smiths reaction when they hear about what we had just discovered.
In an hour we had already reached the SS mart, I thought to myself how the run down Super market had become a beacon to us, telling us home was just around the corner. It was truly a pleasant sight to drive through the abandoned lot, knowing home was just beyond the horizon.
But as we approached the last stretch of road with the man hole in sight I became terror-stricken when I realised what was lurking just meters above my families head. A pack of Reapers were sprawled in front of the man hole. The feeding ground was painted red with the blood of three carcasses which lay stripped from their flesh. My heart sank, had I caused this, was that them; a thousand questions filled my mind as I panicked, I would not be able to live if it was my family laying there. Without thinking I had changed and was running head first towards the pack. Behind me I could hear the aggressive mixture of snobbish-hells as Sharif even more violent than me, came running past me shooting blindly into the pack, not even a pack of Reapers could stop his furry as he depicted the carcasses to be Shahkierah and Zara. As we got closer we realised we had made a grave mistake, the mauled bodies were that of three Reapers most probably the weaker in the pack. The cannibalised creatures did not think twice in eating their own if food was short. Sharif and I now found ourselves looking into a pack of five Reapers, and we had nowhere to run or hide!  
The screeches of a Reaper pierced through the silence and smack right there in the middle of the road a few metres away the Alpha stood with its pack behind him. His eyes locked on us and they got ready to attack.  The Alpha was absolutely grotesque, a behemoth of a thing, swollen from retained water and layer upon layer of fat .The man had one arm severed off, most probably from a fight with another reaper, it added to his strange appearance. He wore a white uniform with a large apron which barely fit around his enormous belly. His uniform was covered in blood and dust and had a large printed picture of a cow in the centre; He had to have been some type of meat handler or butcher back when people still had jobs. I was both amused and scared at the same time, However there was no time for me to try and settle upon which emotion I had to choose between, this thing was coming towards us at full speed. His fat bounced around as he trotted down the road, for such a large creature the Reaper was extremely fast. 
A flurry of bullets came whipping past me and into the pack of Reapers, the agile creatures side-stepped and dodged the ballistic assault. One Reaper was not so lucky though as Sharif’s bullet tore through his skull stopping him dead in his tracks. This did not detour the others though, they did not look back. These things had no conscious, no sense of fear that they might have soon shared the same fate as their companion; all they saw was food and would not stop until they got their hands on us. Sharif kept shooting in hopes he would be a second time lucky. In a matter of seconds the pack was right in front of us, even though one less, The Reapers still out numbered us and were showing no intention of slowing down.
Two reapers broke from the pack and started heading towards Sharif, as the other three came straight for me. I roared to the Arab, and pointed at the truck, I did not have to tell him twice, he knew exactly what I meant. Sharif bolted towards the truck with both Reapers hot on his heel, the Professor had the door open and began neurotically yelling that he better hurry his ass up. Sharif dove into the truck and the professor slammed the door behind him. Both Reapers smashed into the truck, jerking the suspension, but the automobile stood sturdy. Sharif and the Professor where now like two trapped fish in a bowl as the Reapers circled the truck smashing at the glass trying to get in. Sharif shouted as the Professor reached for his gun which had dropped under the seat. As the professor stumbled about trying to dislodge the gun from the gap between the car seat Sharif realised they had no more time and started the truck. As he franticly pulled off both Reapers fell to the ground. 
The Professor Shouted, “You can’t leave Cairo,” and the sadistic smile on the Arabs face explained he had no intention of doing so. He grabbed the handbrake and the truck spun doing a complete 180 degree turn, they were now facing the Reapers as they began charging towards them. Sharif held the handbrake up and revved the truck, it stood in the same place kicking up dust and bouncing, like a bull waiting for the charge. As he dropped the brake the truck shot off aimed straight at the Reapers. All I remember was the loud Bang and as I looked back for the briefest second I saw he had turned both creatures into road kill.
Before I could focus I was hit and found myself skidding through the dirt with a Reaper mounted on my chest. It screeched and clawed at my face while the others caught up. I reached around the Reapers back and grabbed it behind its neck, with my thumb and index finger I squeezed so hard until I broke through the creatures flesh and grabbed the base of its spine Its screamed even louder now as I pulled harder, and with one final yank the Reaper fell , face first at my side. Still holding its spine I waited as the last two Reapers attacked. The Alpha Screeched and his follower seemed to pick up steam rushing forward attacking first. I lifted my large hand and roared, as he was in reach, with all my force I swiped down smashing his companion’s spine into the side of his face completely crushing his cheekbone. This may have slowed him down but was not even near enough to stop the tenacious creature. Immediately he sprung up and charged again, by this time the Alpha had caught up and both Reapers readied for their final assault.
04-04-2036
Monday	
Diary entry: 7
When I was younger, out at sea with my father he would constantly repeat a quote he held dear to his heart, “Failure shall never overcome you if your determination to succeed is strong enough Cairo.” At the time I could not understand what he meant by this. But As I grew older I realised, he wanted me to strive for greatness, he did not want me to give up on my dreams as many in our community had, settling for mediocre jobs in the surrounding fisheries. He emphasised how I should not fall into the trap conformity. He did not want me to be like all the others around us content with the repetitive lifestyle of hauling loads of fish every day. No, my father truly believed I was destined to be a powerful, successful man. Regardless of the fact that when I received my chef diploma and eventually made the move to NYC he was very unhappy and even more so scared about my decision to relocate so far. In time he stood true to his words though and was so proud of my accomplishments he had informed the entire town of his young boy’s success.
In a way I guess I had lived up to my dad’s aspirations and had become somewhat “Powerful”, not in the exact context he believed, but I had become great and important to the people around me. I was their life line, their protector, even though I was still coming to terms with my new role, I knew one thing. Failure would never overcome me, when I had such precious cargo on the line. I would have to insure I became the biggest, baddest, creature out there and even though I had managed to do so many remarkable things, I still believed many times  luck was the reason we had escaped of precarious situations. My role of chef was over; my place a comatose victim had come to an end. Now I had one responsibility, which was getting these six people safely to Newport and no amount of Reapers would stop me! But getting there would be easier said than done. Our last battle had left us in a bad state. Ravaged, picking up the war torn pieces we had left, not having a minutes break as we got ready to push on forward to Newport.
Chapter 24
Our battle with the Reapers had left us battered; Sharif and I had just taken on a pack and managed to survive. Even though perceived as lucky while making it out alive, we had taken our fair share of causalities. The Reapers had completely destroyed our means of transport, while trying to get to get to the professor and Sharif who had barricaded themselves inside the car. Now with only the Solarcycle the journey to Newport would have to be taken on foot. With no car, and a lack of resources we would have to march on, with only the hope of a better future as our driving force. Convincing the other was simple, they were just as ecstatic as I and by the next morning I found myself with my new extended family trekking alone, further than we ever had into the unknown, untamed city.
Sharif had me under one shoulder while Smith had me under the other, as they helped me limp along. I had sustained a similar injury to that of the Sharif’s during the final battle with the Reapers Alpha. The irony of the lame helping the lame lay thick in the situation. The girls sat with Sky, all three squashed together on the small solar cycle trying to relive the burden of the long trip on their little limbs. Our march was slow yet methodical, we all had our eyes set on this new future and nothing was going to stop us from reaching Newport. However we knew rushing the journey would do more harm than good, if the island did exist it was going anywhere any time soon, the best thing would be to take the trip as slow as possible with as many stops as needed. Smith Figured the best place to take shelter for the night would be the one building we had become quite accustomed to visiting. We stopped in front of the SS mart; this would be our camp. The store was dark and quiet but we were used to the airy feeling of the SS mart by now. I sat with the girls and the Professor outside the large Supermarket as Smith, Sky and Sharif swept the building. Making sure there were no Reapers in the large store would be a tedious challenge, but it had to be done. One by one our brave explores returned with his good news that the coast was clear. We decided to stay as high as possible, taking a page out of the professor’s book, hoping we could cloak our presence in the shadows of uneasily assessable higher levels of the store.
As an added bonus we found the employee wreck room and on the opposite side the manager’s office. Smith opened the door to the wreck room a wave of dust flushed out. The room was dirty and had an odd smell of feet combined with sweat. But compared to the sewer this would be like staying in a four seasons. I hobbled closer to the door and leaned on Smith, as I gazed into the room I was surprised by the bounteous fulfilment which had presented itself in this small cubicle room. The room had two large couches which would be so much more comfortable then the stinky thin mattresses we were used to. In the middle of the room was a large pool table and in the corner a small bed most probably used in the past as a rest stop for weary employees on their lunch breaks.
Oh what I’d give for one night in that bed, unfortunately the reality was Smith got the bed; I’d never allow the old man anything less. Hell the couch was more than okay. Smith was quick to bark out orders, as to who would be staying were. The Professor the Girls, Smith and I where to sleep in the wreck room, while Sharif and Sky had the privilege and solitude of the Mangers office. The old man knew how much the alone time would mean to the two of them, and even though at first both they were hesitant to leave the girls behind. After a lot of convincing from all of us they decide to take up the offer. As they blew their final kisses to the girls and said their last good nights, they shut the door. This was my key I could eventually get my ass into that room and collapse on the soft couch. I fell into the comforting bliss from the soft spongy three-seater. I felt my muscles completely relax, as if I had just received the most indulging body massage. The pleasure of the relaxation I was feeling waged war on my eye lids, and the more I tried fight the sleep the more the experience made me tired, until eventually I was lights outs.
Around midnight I slowly got up, picked up the candle rested on the pool table and looked around the room. The girls were fast asleep, their smiles still plastered unknowingly on their happy faces, the professor lay as quite as a church mouse not even flinching, and Smith snored peaceful stretched out in the bed. I walked out the door and softly shut it behind me, my bladder was full and I had to hobble to a dark corner where I could relieve myself. Not taking notice I rushed past Sharif and Sky’s erotic new playpen. The flickering from their shadows in front of the candle light through the large stained glass in the centre of the door stopped me dead in my tracks. I tried telling my body to move, but I became helpless to what I was witnessing, like a deer trapped in the headlights I was frozen as I witnessed the sexual experience which was taking place in front of me.
She was wrapped around his body, her thighs clinched tightly to his waist, He held her up with all his strength. She slowly ran her lips down his neck until they met his. I watched as the outline of their silhouettes passionately kissed, the continued not knowing they had a guest in the mists of the romantic affair. He threw her to the couch and slowly pressed his body to hers, As her moaning climaxed I was snapped back to reality and soon understood how weird this would have seemed, me standing outside their door watching them, after all it’s not like the situation wasn’t weird enough with Sharif being in his forties and Sky being only twenty something. But hey this was the new world, the norm had been thrown out the window, people had more important things to worry about than who were sexing who. 
I ran back to the room then slumped back onto my couch, thinking about the ordeal I had just witnessed. My mind raced, my piss had retracted and I had completely forgotten about my reasoning behind leaving the room in the first place. Damn! When last had I felt, let alone slept with a woman. Then pictures of Layla flooded my mind. I wondered where she was, I thought about the nights we’d spend laughing in bed for hours. I could not help but smile as the pleasant thoughts of our past depicted in such vivid memory as if I was watching a movie. If only things went a little different, if only the rocks never fell, if only she never betrayed me. 
Chapter 25
 "Cairo, Cairo, Cairo wake up!" Zara jumped up and down on my chest, her enthusiasm bubbled out.
 “Okay, okay small fry, I’m up, I’m up.” I grabbed her around the waist and placed her on the floor, the little girl scampered off in a flash, back to her sisters’ side. Everyone was already awake; an aura of excitement filled the room as we all quietly hoped that our destination to Newport would not just be an empty pipedream. Sharif and Sky had joined us as they pack the final items and readied the girls for the second leg of our journey. I looked at Sky and could not stop seeing her naked smooth body in my mind, her eyes caught mine and immediately I averted my gaze embarrassed, after what I had done.
“Let’s go, let’s go people, the sun is shining and the birds are in the sky, if we don’t move now . . . I’ll surely have to cry” The girls laughed at Smiths dippy rhymes. Once again we were on the road.
As we walked on Smith whistled tunes of pride, sorrow and honour, song sang with his platoon in their days on the battlefield. Zara tried to mimic the old man but was completely lost and eventually opted to make her own rhythmic version of the song. We laughed at the little girl’s attempts; one thing her and her sister were good at was brining joy to the group, even in the most troubling of times. Our pace was moderate, Sharif and I hobbled together each prying the other up as we both settled into a rhythm bounce on our remaining good legs. The Solar cycle had to be abandoned as the load of the girls had caved in the suspension. But nothing could stop us, we had a goal, a direction to a better life and none of us were going to give it up, no matter how long or tedious the walk.  We were half way to the library and the girls began complaining, their feet ached and they were hungry, so we decided to stop and rest.
 A small park just off the road looked like the perfect spot to stop and replenish, the girls needed the rest and after all, we were in no rush. As we entered the green heaven, I felt a sense of relief, as if I was living once again. Oh how I prayed Newport was real. I could not go back to isolation of that depressing, decrepit bunker. The girls collapsed onto the soft grass and an elated euphoria preoccupied them, blocking out all the heartache they had suffered and embracing them in only that perfect moment. I could only imagine how happy they were to final get out of the sewer. 
We made a fire and the group huddled around as Sky began prepping our lunch. There was a sense of jubilance around camp, all of us seemed so happy, so excited for the future, at this stage I was almost certain nothing could go wrong. Sky placed a pot directly into the fire, added water and threw in two cans of mini hotdogs and three cans of beans. The make shift stew simmered down and Sky rationed the food, managing to feed all seven of us yet again. After our bellies were full we huddled around the fire and napped. As I fell asleep, I woke almost immediately to growls and sounds of distress. Once again the food had upset Smiths sensitive stomach and he headed off to the run down lavatory a few meters away. The fire warmed our faces and the soft grass made the most comfortable bedding. 
Than From the south side of the park, a huge bang cut through the complete silence in the air. Smith came running out of the bathroom and headed directly to the origin of the noise. Again the bang, Smith immediately pulled out his machete. He circled the structure, but there was nothing. Smith waved at us and raised his thumb, insuring us it was safe, probably just the wind. The old man began walking back to the group.
I sat back down, only to be risen in shock once again as I heard the blood curdling scream of Sky, "SMITH!"
 From behind the structure a Reaper came charging at Smith. Before he could turn to face the creature, it had tackled him to the ground. The Reaper raised its head as it pinned the helpless old man to the floor. But Smith was not about to just lay there a give up, he turned and eventual was face to face with the Reaper. The Reaper bit down and the old man managed to place his blade in front of the creature mouth. It tore through its mouth and cheek meat as it tried to bite down on Smith. Smith held strong though not letting the creature get to his face. IN a flash it raised its hand and clawed at his face, scrapping past his eye. The old man flinched from the pain dropping his guard. As he mistakenly moved his blade to the side he exposed his neck. Before he could react the reaper sunk its blunt teeth into his neck, tearing through his corroded arteries.
At this stage I was already running towards Smith and half way there I unconsciously began transforming. The closer I got the more I hoped with tenacious demeanour would allow him to hold on just a bit longer. Smith still fought on, holding the creature back while it sat on his chest, he pushed its face away with his reaming strength, but the creature bit through his index finger tearing the digit clean off. I had to hurry he could not hold on any longer.
I tackled the reaper off Smith; the creature went tumbling through the grass. I stood up and circled the downed Reaper. The creature pulled itself out the dirt and tried limping away. I turned back to see Smiths body covered in blood. I grunted and roared in anger, then walked towards the injured thing; The Reaper was obviously some sort of construction worker when he was still human, I looked at him regarding him as nothing less than vermin which had to be eradicated. I boiled with emotions as I grabbed him grabbed by his neon yellow vest and threw him on the floor. With one huge roar I released all my anger and sent my fist impacting to the side of his head. His hard hat filled up with blood and in a matter of seconds his body went completely lame.
After mauling Smiths attacker I ran back to his body to find every one already around him. Sky had bandaged his neck tightly as she tried to contain the bleeding. Her attempts were futile though, the blood streamed through his neck, like a pump, each time his heart beat a red stream squirted out the incision and soaked through the bandages. She kept wrapping the wound tighter and tighter, but the bleeding was relentless .I looked into the old man’s eyes, he gargled on his own blood, smiled and managed to build up enough strength to say... "Newport, get your asses to Newport."With that Smith was gone.
Sky tried reviving him; it was no good. She placed her head on his chest and wept into his shirt. Sharif held the girls and turned them away from the old man’s lifeless body. I fell to my knees and pounded his chest as I screamed, “Wake up, please I beg you wake up I can’t do this without you!” Tears streamed down my eyes; eventually the professor and Sharif pulled me off. We had lost the head of our family, how would we make it now? Who would keep us together? I sat wallowing by his body for hours, hoping that somehow he would just wake up and shout at me, demanding I get a grip and man up. I felt as if I had just lost my father, I felt as if I had lost all direction. I believed I could protect them; it was my responsibility to make sure they all made it to Newport safely.

04-04-2036
Monday	
Diary entry: 7
When I was younger, out at sea with my father would  repeat a quote he held dear to his heart, “Failure shall never overcome you if your determination to succeed is strong enough Cairo.” At the time I could not understand what he meant by this. But As I grew older I realised, he wanted me to strive for greatness, he did not want me to give up on my dreams as many in our community had, settling for mediocre jobs in the surrounding fisheries. He emphasised how I should not fall into the trap conformity. He did not want me to be like all the others around us content with the repetitive lifestyle of hauling loads of fish every day. No, my father truly believed I was destined to be a powerful, successful man. Regardless of the fact that when I received my chef diploma and eventually made the move to NYC he was very unhappy and even more so scared about my decision to relocate so far. In time he stood true to his words though and was so proud of my accomplishments he had informed the entire town of his young boy’s success.
In a way I guess I had lived up to my dad’s aspirations and had become somewhat “Powerful”, not in the exact context he believed, but I had become great and important to the people around me. I was their life line, their protector, even though I was still coming to terms with my new role, I knew one thing. Failure would never overcome me, when I had such precious cargo on the line. I would have to insure I became the biggest, baddest, creature out there and even though I had managed to do so many remarkable things, I still believed many times  luck was the reason we had escaped of precarious situations. My role of chef was over; my place a comatose victim had come to an end. Now I had one responsibility, which was getting these six people safely to Newport and no amount of Reapers would stop me! But getting there would be easier said than done. Our last battle had left us in a bad state. Ravaged, picking up the war torn pieces we had left, not having a minutes break as we got ready to push on forward to Newport.
Chapter 24
Our battle with the Reapers had left us battered; Sharif and I had just taken on a pack and managed to survive. Even though perceived as lucky while making it out alive, we had taken our fair share of causalities. The Reapers had completely destroyed our means of transport, while trying to get to get to the professor and Sharif who had barricaded themselves inside the car. Now with only the Solarcycle the journey to Newport would have to be taken on foot. With no car, and a lack of resources we would have to march on, with only the hope of a better future as our driving force. Convincing the other was simple, they were just as ecstatic as I and by the next morning I found myself with my new extended family trekking alone, further than we ever had into the unknown, untamed city.
Sharif had me under one shoulder while Smith had me under the other, as they helped me limp along. I had sustained a similar injury to that of the Sharif’s during the final battle with the Reapers Alpha. The irony of the lame helping the lame lay thick in the situation. The girls sat with Sky, all three squashed together on the small solar cycle trying to relive the burden of the long trip on their little limbs. Our march was slow yet methodical, we all had our eyes set on this new future and nothing was going to stop us from reaching Newport. However we knew rushing the journey would do more harm than good, if the island did exist it was going anywhere any time soon, the best thing would be to take the trip as slow as possible with as many stops as needed. Smith Figured the best place to take shelter for the night would be the one building we had become quite accustomed to visiting. We stopped in front of the SS mart; this would be our camp. The store was dark and quiet but we were used to the airy feeling of the SS mart by now. I sat with the girls and the Professor outside the large Supermarket as Smith, Sky and Sharif swept the building. Making sure there were no Reapers in the large store would be a tedious challenge, but it had to be done. One by one our brave explores returned with his good news that the coast was clear. We decided to stay as high as possible, taking a page out of the professor’s book, hoping we could cloak our presence in the shadows of uneasily assessable higher levels of the store.
As an added bonus we found the employee wreck room and on the opposite side the manager’s office. Smith opened the door to the wreck room a wave of dust flushed out. The room was dirty and had an odd smell of feet combined with sweat. But compared to the sewer this would be like staying in a four seasons. I hobbled closer to the door and leaned on Smith, as I gazed into the room I was surprised by the bounteous fulfilment which had presented itself in this small cubicle room. The room had two large couches which would be so much more comfortable then the stinky thin mattresses we were used to. In the middle of the room was a large pool table and in the corner a small bed most probably used in the past as a rest stop for weary employees on their lunch breaks.
Oh what I’d give for one night in that bed, unfortunately the reality was Smith got the bed; I’d never allow the old man anything less. Hell the couch was more than okay. Smith was quick to bark out orders, as to who would be staying were. The Professor the Girls, Smith and I where to sleep in the wreck room, while Sharif and Sky had the privilege and solitude of the Mangers office. The old man knew how much the alone time would mean to the two of them, and even though at first both they were hesitant to leave the girls behind. After a lot of convincing from all of us they decide to take up the offer. As they blew their final kisses to the girls and said their last good nights, they shut the door. This was my key I could eventually get my ass into that room and collapse on the soft couch. I fell into the comforting bliss from the soft spongy three-seater. I felt my muscles completely relax, as if I had just received the most indulging body massage. The pleasure of the relaxation I was feeling waged war on my eye lids, and the more I tried fight the sleep the more the experience made me tired, until eventually I was lights outs.
Around midnight I slowly got up, picked up the candle rested on the pool table and looked around the room. The girls were fast asleep, their smiles still plastered unknowingly on their happy faces, the professor lay as quite as a church mouse not even flinching, and Smith snored peaceful stretched out in the bed. I walked out the door and softly shut it behind me, my bladder was full and I had to hobble to a dark corner where I could relieve myself. Not taking notice I rushed past Sharif and Sky’s erotic new playpen. The flickering from their shadows in front of the candle light through the large stained glass in the centre of the door stopped me dead in my tracks. I tried telling my body to move, but I became helpless to what I was witnessing, like a deer trapped in the headlights I was frozen as I witnessed the sexual experience which was taking place in front of me.
She was wrapped around his body, her thighs clinched tightly to his waist, He held her up with all his strength. She slowly ran her lips down his neck until they met his. I watched as the outline of their silhouettes passionately kissed, the continued not knowing they had a guest in the mists of the romantic affair. He threw her to the couch and slowly pressed his body to hers, As her moaning climaxed I was snapped back to reality and soon understood how weird this would have seemed, me standing outside their door watching them, after all it’s not like the situation wasn’t weird enough with Sharif being in his forties and Sky being only twenty something. But hey this was the new world, the norm had been thrown out the window, people had more important things to worry about than who were sexing who. 
I ran back to the room then slumped back onto my couch, thinking about the ordeal I had just witnessed. My mind raced, my piss had retracted and I had completely forgotten about my reasoning behind leaving the room in the first place. Damn! When last had I felt, let alone slept with a woman. Then pictures of Layla flooded my mind. I wondered where she was, I thought about the nights we’d spend laughing in bed for hours. I could not help but smile as the pleasant thoughts of our past depicted in such vivid memory as if I was watching a movie. If only things went a little different, if only the rocks never fell, if only she never betrayed me. 
Chapter 25
 "Cairo, Cairo, Cairo wake up!" Zara jumped up and down on my chest, her enthusiasm bubbled out.
 “Okay, okay small fry, I’m up, I’m up.” I grabbed her around the waist and placed her on the floor, the little girl scampered off in a flash, back to her sisters’ side. Everyone was already awake; an aura of excitement filled the room as we all quietly hoped that our destination to Newport would not just be an empty pipedream. Sharif and Sky had joined us as they pack the final items and readied the girls for the second leg of our journey. I looked at Sky and could not stop seeing her naked smooth body in my mind, her eyes caught mine and immediately I averted my gaze embarrassed, after what I had done.
“Let’s go, let’s go people, the sun is shining and the birds are in the sky, if we don’t move now . . . I’ll surely have to cry” The girls laughed at Smiths dippy rhymes. Once again we were on the road.
As we walked on Smith whistled tunes of pride, sorrow and honour, song sang with his platoon in their days on the battlefield. Zara tried to mimic the old man but was completely lost and eventually opted to make her own rhythmic version of the song. We laughed at the little girl’s attempts; one thing her and her sister were good at was brining joy to the group, even in the most troubling of times. Our pace was moderate, Sharif and I hobbled together each prying the other up as we both settled into a rhythm bounce on our remaining good legs. The Solar cycle had to be abandoned as the load of the girls had caved in the suspension. But nothing could stop us, we had a goal, a direction to a better life and none of us were going to give it up, no matter how long or tedious the walk.  We were half way to the library and the girls began complaining, their feet ached and they were hungry, so we decided to stop and rest.
 A small park just off the road looked like the perfect spot to stop and replenish, the girls needed the rest and after all, we were in no rush. As we entered the green heaven, I felt a sense of relief, as if I was living once again. Oh how I prayed Newport was real. I could not go back to isolation of that depressing, decrepit bunker. The girls collapsed onto the soft grass and an elated euphoria preoccupied them, blocking out all the heartache they had suffered and embracing them in only that perfect moment. I could only imagine how happy they were to final get out of the sewer. 
We made a fire and the group huddled around as Sky began prepping our lunch. There was a sense of jubilance around camp, all of us seemed so happy, so excited for the future, at this stage I was almost certain nothing could go wrong. Sky placed a pot directly into the fire, added water and threw in two cans of mini hotdogs and three cans of beans. The make shift stew simmered down and Sky rationed the food, managing to feed all seven of us yet again. After our bellies were full we huddled around the fire and napped. As I fell asleep, I woke almost immediately to growls and sounds of distress. Once again the food had upset Smiths sensitive stomach and he headed off to the run down lavatory a few meters away. The fire warmed our faces and the soft grass made the most comfortable bedding. 
Than From the south side of the park, a huge bang cut through the complete silence in the air. Smith came running out of the bathroom and headed directly to the origin of the noise. Again the bang, Smith immediately pulled out his machete. He circled the structure, but there was nothing. Smith waved at us and raised his thumb, insuring us it was safe, probably just the wind. The old man began walking back to the group.
I sat back down, only to be risen in shock once again as I heard the blood curdling scream of Sky, "SMITH!"
 From behind the structure a Reaper came charging at Smith. Before he could turn to face the creature, it had tackled him to the ground. The Reaper raised its head as it pinned the helpless old man to the floor. But Smith was not about to just lay there a give up, he turned and eventual was face to face with the Reaper. The Reaper bit down and the old man managed to place his blade in front of the creature mouth. It tore through its mouth and cheek meat as it tried to bite down on Smith. Smith held strong though not letting the creature get to his face. IN a flash it raised its hand and clawed at his face, scrapping past his eye. The old man flinched from the pain dropping his guard. As he mistakenly moved his blade to the side he exposed his neck. Before he could react the reaper sunk its blunt teeth into his neck, tearing through his corroded arteries.
At this stage I was already running towards Smith and half way there I unconsciously began transforming. The closer I got the more I hoped with tenacious demeanour would allow him to hold on just a bit longer. Smith still fought on, holding the creature back while it sat on his chest, he pushed its face away with his reaming strength, but the creature bit through his index finger tearing the digit clean off. I had to hurry he could not hold on any longer.
I tackled the reaper off Smith; the creature went tumbling through the grass. I stood up and circled the downed Reaper. The creature pulled itself out the dirt and tried limping away. I turned back to see Smiths body covered in blood. I grunted and roared in anger, then walked towards the injured thing; The Reaper was obviously some sort of construction worker when he was still human, I looked at him regarding him as nothing less than vermin which had to be eradicated. I boiled with emotions as I grabbed him grabbed by his neon yellow vest and threw him on the floor. With one huge roar I released all my anger and sent my fist impacting to the side of his head. His hard hat filled up with blood and in a matter of seconds his body went completely lame.
After mauling Smiths attacker I ran back to his body to find every one already around him. Sky had bandaged his neck tightly as she tried to contain the bleeding. Her attempts were futile though, the blood streamed through his neck, like a pump, each time his heart beat a red stream squirted out the incision and soaked through the bandages. She kept wrapping the wound tighter and tighter, but the bleeding was relentless .I looked into the old man’s eyes, he gargled on his own blood, smiled and managed to build up enough strength to say... "Newport, get your asses to Newport."With that Smith was gone.
Sky tried reviving him; it was no good. She placed her head on his chest and wept into his shirt. Sharif held the girls and turned them away from the old man’s lifeless body. I fell to my knees and pounded his chest as I screamed, “Wake up, please I beg you wake up I can’t do this without you!” Tears streamed down my eyes; eventually the professor and Sharif pulled me off. We had lost the head of our family, how would we make it now? Who would keep us together? I sat wallowing by his body for hours, hoping that somehow he would just wake up and shout at me, demanding I get a grip and man up. I felt as if I had just lost my father, I felt as if I had lost all direction. I believed I could protect them; it was my responsibility to make sure they all made it to Newport safely.





















