TITLE PAGE: DEAD BY DAWN – THE EVERSORS ARISING BY SAMUEL MOYO

This imaginary tale and the characters comprised therein are property and appurtenance to the sole owner and possessor, Samuel Moyo. They are not to be made use of and administered in conduct and behavior that disregards and slights the author of his authority and claim and privilege and reason. Feigned and invented the events and occurrences in the account are, any likely coincidence or correspondence to actual and existent narratives or persons is virtuously and sincerely accidental and unintended. All assortment and disposition—or even distribution or usage—of the tale and its characters thereof must be approved and ratified by the author who alone has designed and invented them into being. He holds any thinkable and yet reasonable rights to this fabrication and anything it comprises.

Copyright 2014. All Rights Reserved.













































AUTHOR PREFACE

If you happen to enjoy my free e-book, I would be highly indebted to you if you would leave a review of it. At the very end I have included the first two chapters of my already published novel, Dead by Dawn: The Eversors Arising, a blend of science-fiction and fantasy. You can get the book for just 0.99 cents on Amazon and Smash-words on the links below:

http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/474655/

You can also drop by my new blog at:

http://www.wordsofentertainment887.wordpress.com/

If you have any emails to send to me, send them at:

samuelmoyo887@gmail.com

I have also included at the farthest end the first two chapters of my coming YA paranormal romance which will be released somewhere in October 2014—the date has not yet been settled on—titled Killing Alex. Thank you so much!!





CHAPTER ONE: UNSEEN


Anthony frowned, just like Jordan previously had. She did not notice as she had her head hung down and lodged against his chest. He grasped her carefully but affectionately, his body so close to her that she could feel the vibrating and motion of his chest against hers as he breathed in and out. The atmosphere hemming in on her was blissful and heaven-like. How she wished that time and emotions themselves would go on like this for all time and ages without a definite ending!

“What do you plan to do?” She questioned him. 

“Nothing,” he replied. “I trust that your mother and yourself know very well what you are doing, do you?”

“I am just following her orders and plans, Anthony.”

“In this case, I trust that she knows what she is doing.”

“I hope so.”

Anthony frowned another time. 

“Will you please keep this to yourself? I don’t what Karl to come across it.”

“I will, baby.” Anthony stirred and planted a deep and sprightly kiss on her forehead. “I definitely will keep this to myself and not share it with anyone else.”

These tender and lowly words, Tia Gay, who was taking cover behind an enormous tree just next to the tree where Anthony was leaning his back on and seizing a submissive Jordan in his vigorous and nice-looking arms, overheard, silent and unmoving from the cover of the tree, where she inclined her back on. At long last, having took note that Anthony and Jordan’s conversation had took a turn to solely their love matters, she crept away from her spot and, having quickly snatched a final glimpse at the affectionate and absorbed two, she tiptoed away on uncovered feet, the shoes that she had worn grasped and carried in her hands.

When she arrived home, she found Storm and Calvin and Busiku assembled in the living room, all awaiting her return from her mission as they chatted and prattled about. Their house itself was secluded and withdrawn far away from other houses in the forest. It was gigantic and eighteen-roomed and framed with enduring wood and giant glass windows that were colorless and veiled with luscious red curtains throughout and three-floored and what’s more having wooden tiles inside as well as white-painted wooden walls and towering-sited wooden ceilings with candle chandeliers drooping from them. The thin and long orange candles contained on the chandeliers flickered and shone along with the electrical lights that were attached and affixed to the walls. The furniture in all the immaculate rooms was pricey-looking and entirely modern. Almost like the rooms themselves had been styled and fashioned to suit and accord a first-class hotel.

In the spacious living room, Storm and Calvin were standing before a window where the curtains had been drawn apart to lay to view a moon-lit sky, and the fire burning from a nearby fireplace illumined and lightened them. They were both dressed in casual pants and hooded jackets and their feet were plainly naked and unsheathed on the spotless claret carpet beneath them.

Busiku, on the other hand, was high up there on the ceiling. He was not far away from the burning chandelier, where, he had both hands shoved behind him and established and stayed on the wooden ceiling overheard him, the claws that had ejected out from his fingers stabbed and fixed into the sturdy wood of the ceiling itself. His feet, like his hands, had been thrust behind him and the claws that had come forth from the tip of his toes were jabbed and tied into the ceiling. His stomach and thighs drooped downwards as if he were about to suddenly fall, and his hair was cascaded and streaming downwards toward the face of the floor, where he happened to stare.

Tia shrank back when she noticed him as she walked into the room freely and leniently.

Busiku craned his neck in her direction and flashed her a warm-hearted smile. “Hi there,” he said.

She scowled at him, recovering from her sudden fright. “I didn’t expect to see you up there.”

“I like it up here. It is better than standing down there on the floor.”

“How are you not able to fall down? How the hell did you even climb up there?”

Busiku laughed, his laughter echoing and re-echoing in the entire room. “I am like a cat, you know. I climbed up these walls with much ease and little effort. But then unlike a cat in some way, I am like a lizard. No wonder I am not able to fall down from this ceiling of yours. I could sleep all night here.”

Tia shook her head and walked her way below him and stopped before Storm and Calvin, muttering, “Eversors.”

Both Storm and Calvin had by then faced her. And Calvin enquired, “What have you dug upon so far?”

Busiku crawled his way up on the ceiling above till he had the three of them straight below from where he was.

Tia looked up at him momentarily and then back at her two brothers. “I followed Jordan and Anthony in the forest.”

Busiku tensed in rage at hearing that. 

“And?” Storm pressed.

“I think that Jordan and Ivana know what we are up to. It is so obvious. She made Anthony aware that she and her mother were keeping secrets from him and everyone else and she specified that it has to do with Busiku a lot.”

Calvin narrowed his eyes, his hands clenching into tightened fists. And Storm pinched his eyes as well.

“We must do something about it or else we are all done,” Tia forewarned, looking worried and apprehensive.

Busiku leapt his way off the ceiling and launched on the white wall below him. He then cast himself up into the air, revolving and twirling till he had slapped down on his two naked feet. He landed behind Calvin, who spun around to glance at him. At that moment, Busiku’s pitch black eyes were blazing a dim red, he discovered, which they always did whenever he was extremely annoyed and raging.

“We will not be done with away just like that,” he voiced.

Tia glared at him. “How can we not when the secret that we have been protecting all along is in the hands of our enemies?”

Busiku scowled. “I will deal with that, Tia. Leave that to me.”

“What do you plan to do?” Calvin asked him, uneasy and fretful.

Busiku smiled wickedly and laughed out loud afterwards.

“I might have a better idea or suggestion,” Calvin pleaded.

“What we are about to now do is highly dangerous and critical,” Busiku disclosed.

Everyone’s silence deepened, and all faces became dark and gloomy.

“What are you trying to say?” Tia queried.

“Our army is not enough to defeat Karl and Anthony and their allies.”

Storm raised, “But you have thousands of men, Busiku.”

“I know what I am talking about, Storm. It happens that someone has betrayed me. Someone I trusted for all these long years. And he is coming to fight and destroy me, which I swear that he will not ever triumph in going about.”

“Who is he?” Calvin asked.

“Rodrick is his name. The son of Rius. He is a chamberlain. He was Anthony’s chamberlain.”

“What are chamberlains?” Tia asked.

“I am not explaining that to you. It is a long and contrary subject to what we are dealing with here. You will understand it all with time; you assuredly will.”

“Okay,” Calvin interrupted. “Tell us now what your plan is.”

“We will awaken the goofs to being and sparkle. They are what will aid us to win this toilsome and intricate war of ours.”

Tia froze dead at hearing the word—‘goofs.’

“Goofs?” Calvin asked.

Busiku stared at him, “Yes, goofs.”

Calvin and Storm stared wordlessly.

Tia shivered and burst into sudden tears. “You cannot reawaken the goofs to life, Busiku,” she cried out.

He glanced at her, nonplussed and bewildered. “What is wrong with you?”

“Storm, take her away please!” Calvin shrieked.

She extracted out a knife and aimed it at Storm menacingly. “Don’t you dare to lay hold of me!”

Storm froze right where he was.

“What is going on here?” Busiku enquired.

Calvin related, “The goofs happened to kill our father, Simon, a few years ago. And Tia loved him to the very core. She has not recovered from that incident ever since then. She hates and despises all goofs to death and even damnation itself.”

“I see,” Busiku said.

Tia glared at him. “If you insist on waking up those devils of demons, I am walking out of all this mess that you are bringing about.”

“It is not a mess, Tia, which Busiku is causing,” Calvin withstood her. “He is just doing what he can so that we can all get our revenge on all those rivalries of ours who have caused us so much suffering and pain.”

Tia breathed heavily. “Goofs have never shown mercy to our kind. Maybe to his beast and devils of a kind they have.”

Those harsh and angry words provoked Busiku, who slimmed his eyes at her, the red blaze in them brightening and glowing up. “Mind your tongue, woman, will you?” He warned her.

Calvin interfered, “Let her off, Busiku. She is not aware of what she is doing. That is what she habitually does whenever she is angry. She rarely does think or reason well.”

Busiku calmed down and the fierce glow in his eyes became faint and dull. “I hope so.”

Calvin looked reprimandingly at his sister. “Behave yourself, will you?”

She mouthed no reply, but solely stared down, regretful but still disquiet and bothered deep inside.

“Each one of us has a role to play in this,” Busiku made it clear. “You, Carrie, you must go on spying and following furtively Anthony and his team to places that they go and uncover  what they are up to from time to time. Take note that you must not fail in your obligations. Because if you do, each and every one of us will suffer heavily for it.

“You Storm, I need you to go on to the Inhibited Library, which I learned to exist and function in some place here in this village, and once you are there, you must steal the book that I will later disclose the title and author to you. It is a book of spells and magic and ceremonies that can be used in bringing back the deadened goofs to active and immediate life. The book is stringently outlawed from public reading and circulation and for these simple reasons, no one will ever sell or hand it over to you. You have to be brainy and cunning in your operation so that no trace is left which will point back to you.

“And you, Calvin, you must search for five alive but unconscious human bodies for me. From wherever where it is that you can find them. Of these kidnapped five, two must be women and three must be men. All being men and women of different races and never the same race. Plus they must individuals that have all had sex before. Don’t bring me virgins or else this process will not be complete and successful.

“I myself, I shall go on and refrain away from eating any scrap of food and even sipping any drip of water for three thorough days. And in these three days, I will be meditating and practicing on how to become a High Priest to the evil forces that rule in this world. Otherwise known as demons and devils to ordinary human beings. Afterwards of which we shall proceed with the awakening ceremony.”















CHAPTER TWO: INFIDELS


Goofs were the deadliest thing that Calvin Gay and his family had ever come across. His sister, Tia, knew that quite well. In an attempt to shield and assist her father from two frightful goofs that ripped him to an exceedingly painful death piece by piece, organ by organ, she had suffered a very painful slit of their claws across her cheek, making her to split up her lips and yelp out in extreme agony, and the injury itself racked and tormented her for the preceding four or five years. She had now perfectly healed and there was no longer any trace of the injury and the awful pangs of that injury that she had suffered many years back, and which she would not ever let slip from the memory.

That same night, after Busiku had took his leave from their home, Calvin and Storm and Tia met up in the living room and sat to discuss about Busiku’s latest strategy by the fireside.

“I hope that you will behave yourself, Tia, next time that Busiku is around and do whatever he says,” Calvin told his sister.

She glowered at him through narrowed gray eyes and lamented, “I don’t see any reason why we should continue on enslaving ourselves to that demon of an eversor?”

“What are you insinuating by that?” Storm broke in.

Tia looked at him. “That we should do everything on our own and not involve him in any of our plans.”

Calvin glared at her instantly. “We cannot do that. It is dangerous and unsafe to go about. It is giving our enemies every chance and opportunity in this world to defeat and subdue us. We need Busiku, Tia. And as much as you embrace or abhor this fact, you must live with it.”

She breathed out in rage. “I feel that he will betray us in the very end, Calvin. The man suggested that we resurrect goofs and you supported him. We are taking in more of our natural enemies to our side. And I am not liking it at all.”

“I know what we will do should he sell us out. I am ready for anything. I have plans that I have not yet disclosed to anyone that we will go on carrying out in the event that disaster storms in. That should be the least of your worries at all.”

“Suppose your plans flop?” Tia demanded.

“I said I have many plans, Tia. Not one plan or two or eight of them. But many plans. If one thing flops, another one will prosper and flourish. The probability of everything falling short is one in a million. Do you get it?”

She merely snuffled.

Storm added, “We just have to be very careful and alert, Calvin. Tia may be right in some way. We are taking in more of our natural opponents, and things are about to become highly and veritably unsafe. We must be guarded and vigilant every moment. Every moment I repeat.” Having said that, Storm’s eyes ran into Tia’s, and she immediately made a face, just like she twitched her face the next day—Monday, 29 April—in the wide forest while dogging Karl Avani and Anthony and Alvin Aruj, who were hunting with Rango and two more canis attending them. 

Karl was dressed in cogent khaki pants, a cogent and long-sleeved khaki shirt, and likewise cogent khaki knee-reaching boots. Anthony was ravishing and divine-looking in thorough gray-colored pants and a long-sleeved shirt and knee-high boots. And Alvin having on khaki-daubed shorts and a short-sleeved shirt and ankle boots. 

After the three had paused, replicating the canis that had stopped before them to sniff and march about, Tia came to a pause too, veiling herself behind the cover of an enormous-barked tree that was towering in height. While she paid an ear to what the three were talking about, all still and motionless and leaning over the bended but high-reaching tree, she noticed a hissing serpent slither its way up the bark, a few inches away from her. She could not distinguish its species and definite name. But it had three heads, all deep black eyed, pitch-black colored tongues, all of which vibrated and waved out of its mouth, and streaks and marks along its far-reaching brown body of white and blue and purple. The serpent itself was just plain awfully menacing and scary-looking in appearance such that it had Tia freeze as if she was dead the instant that she sighted it. Whether it was venomous or not, she could not tell. Not in any way.

Nevertheless, it did not bite or sting her. It advanced its way past her without brushing or making the slightest contact with her. She breathed out in relief and inched her way to the other side of the tree and then quickly darted off to take cover behind a not so towering but enormous-barked tree neighboring the tree that she had just fled to.

Alvin spoke first. “What is happening?”

Karl answered. “It seems the canis are having trouble falling upon the scent that they were moments ago tracing. That is what it seems.”

Anthony began sniffing too. “You are mistaken, Karl.”

Karl, who was equipped with a bow and countless of long arrows, spun back to him. “What are you saying?”

Anthony’s eyes were pinched and squinted as if to look closely at something. “I can see their prey. Our prey, I should say. A herd of antelopes. There are seven of them. All feeding and grazing on grass. They are on a meadow and there is no other animal with them.”

Karl looked back at his canis with an astound expression. “If you can smell and sight the prey, how come the canis cannot?”

Without warning, the canis started off into the forest in the direction where Anthony was smelling, leaping suddenly and cantering on at deadly speed, and Anthony, with a bow and arrows in his hands, stirred after them, flying his way up into a nearby tree and creeping fastly on its branches till  he jumped on into another but further-sited tree.

Karl and Alvin swapped startled glances and then sprinted their way off after the canis.

Tia came off from her hiding spot that instant, scratching and rubbing over her skin like there had spread something terribly itchy on it. It was the lotion that Busiku had given her, she was aware. One that she had to apply all over her skin before stalking Anthony and his company. Without putting it, Anthony would be able to come across and identify her scent. But once she had applied it, he would not ever be able to uncover and smell her. She would become scentless to him or anything else that had capability to smell. Which might explain why the frightful-looking serpent had moved past her, presuming that it was blind and depended on its smelling ability to hunt down its prey and defend itself in the event that it ran into any of its predators. That is if it was blind.

Regardless, Busiku had warned against scratching or even rubbing her skin. Should she scratch or rub any site on her skin, the scent emerging from that spot would freely and unrestrainedly seep its way into the limitless air, making it feasible for anything that could smell to hit upon it.

Tia did not care nevertheless. She was sick and tired of all this operation of hers and she was definitely not going to carry on with stalking Anthony and his foolish friends in their stupid and inane hunting. No way.

That instant she began scratching and rubbing herself, carrying that out because of the itch and tingle brought about by smearing on Busiku’s lotion, her scent escaped into the dense air and travelled quickly thanks to the swift and hasty movement of the wind, toward where Busiku and two eversor men were, and within the lapse of sixty minutes, he had picked up on it. He stayed still in the tree where he was, his eyes narrowing, his lips crashing, his nostrils flaring as he breathed out in fury. What the hell was Tia thinking?

He followed her scent immediately and saw her wandering her way in the broad forest. While he scowled to himself, the two men coming after him, and who were hopping their way in the tall trees, launched down in the tree where he took his stand just next to him. One stood on his left and the other one on his right.

“Why have we stopped, my lord?” The man looking more stronger than his comrade enquired.

Busiku sighed and glanced at him. “We are still moving.”

The quiet man broke his silence. “How far do we have to go till we reach this cemetery, my lord?”

The reply came almost immediately. “We have a little distance left.”

Without another word, Busiku walked away and flew his way off to the next tree, floating in the unresisting air with his hands crooked and diverged and his feet pushed and curled upward. By the time that he had arrived down on the tree, both his crooked hands and curled feet had been made straight.

The men behind him stared at each other silently and then went after him.

Moments later, the three had finally made it to the cemetery where they were headed to. The first one to ground down on the dirt was Busiku himself, in a one-knee-thrust-down-into-the-earth-and-the-other-leg-kneeled style. Both of his hands slapped down on wet soil that was mingled with small stones, and his hair, freed and unfastened, scattered in the somewhat chilly air after him.

As he was taking his stand, the two men coming after him launched down in the exact style and manner that he had, and where his far-reaching hair had scattered in the air, theirs had not, as it was cropped and not as elongated as his was. They also stood up after him.

Busiku eyed the quiet cemetery vigilantly, smelling to see if there was any human being or preserver within its old and worn wooden fence. There was no one. And the broad and giant-like forest enclosed it. There were headstones and statues of two-winged beings in human form and even of Christ Himself and the twelve disciples that were gathered and standing all ears about him with scrolls clutched in their hands. At noticing the statue of Christ, Busiku frowned in revulsion, staring away from it.

“Here we are, my boys,” he voiced out. “Finally here at long last.” His voice was deeply and rough-edged as he spoke the words out.

The two men behind him merely eyed each other quietly with expressionless and darkly eyes.

Busiku marched past the headstones, sniffing and snuffling.

The scent hit him on the spur of the moment, knocking him a step backwards right away and having him stand upright after he had stumbled to keep hold of his balance. It was terrible—yes, far terrible and nasty than the awful smell of those brainless canis.

Slowly but steadily, he moved and turned towards the graves where they were springing from. The graves themselves were two and stationed just next to each other. And the following names were marked on each of their dirty but seemingly once polished and ravishing headstones, just below the words ‘In Loving Memory of’:

Tracy Denton and Martin Chong.

For a long while, Busiku stared at these graves, sifting and analyzing the scent that was springing from beneath their dirt.

“Goofs,” he muttered the words out softly and delicately.

The men following him stared at each other wordlessly.

“Two goofs were buried here,” Busiku illustrated. “One male, and the other one female. And their victims both died during an exorcism.”

As he was saying the words, he could see the two victims in his mind, screaming and yelping out as the legions of demons possessing them afflicted and tormented them, causing them to scream and twitch and jerk their bodies endlessly. The ear-piercing screams coming from their widened mouths sounded like the cries and moanings of a thousand and thousands tormented and agonized voices. They shook the walls of the rooms they were in, and furthermore had deep cracks and rents appear on the trembling floor. The lights in both spacious and high-ceilinged rooms switched off and on continually and unendingly, and in the white-painted room where the possessed man was writhing and crawling on his belly on the floor, the numerous candles inside there, which were all burning, flickered out as an unseen wind and force blew past them.

If one sought to rid the goofs from the human bodies that they had taken possession of, an exorcism had to be carried out in the exact way that it was supposed to. If the proceedings required were not stringently followed, the goofs would unrestrainedly fight back and deal mercilessly with those that sought to dispossess them from their host. And in most cases they unfailingly killed and utterly destroyed where an opportunity to do so arose. Exorcisms themselves had to be meticulously planned and arranged, otherwise any slight blunder and err, and those involved in it were surely doomed.

Even the carefully planned exorcisms themselves were still highly dangerous to some extent. The deranged and supernatural goofs, putting to use their integral and whole supernatural power and influence, fought in every way possible whenever they took note that someone was trying to divorce them from the body of their victim. And if they at last were divorced from their victim and sent and arrested in their spiritual realm, which was in the heavens above, in the sphere of stars that we see twinkling and glimmering down at our farthest earth, they were arrested and stayed from their disastrous operation until they had been freed by someone based on Earth here. Only after then would they be freed and return to our world and occupy the body of a newer and fresh victim whom they would use to fulfill and accomplish their earthly plans and purposes.

After an exorcism, the victim of the chased goofs without fail gave up the ghost. Very few ever survived to taste life through a different tongue and experience. 

For an extended spell of time, Busiku beheld more of the once-alive victims of the goofs that he was now eyeing in his vision. These two unlike and dissimilar victims were now dead with their bodies in-earthed in the two graves that he at present stood before. The woman was fair-skinned before her untimely death, with delicate green eyes and flowing light brown hair. The man was light-skinned and brown-eyed and jet-black haired. Before the two died, they were both dressed in filthy and old and torn and tattered clothes.

The state of the woman—Tracy Denton being her name—before her ultimate death, was terrifying and heavily afflicted. She did not look human at all. Her behavior itself was demoniacal and unnatural. Her hair was disorderly and ruffled up and unkempt. It was on top of that dirty and a nest to swarms and troops of big green-colored flies that were buzzing and humming about. (This vision terrified Busiku himself. It was the first ever vision of his that contained sound and resonance. He shuddered while experiencing it, to the astonishment and marvel of the two eversor men who were watching him, fearing that he may perchance encounter something supernatural.) The skin of Tracy itself was filled with cracks and slits as if brought about by the slicing of a knife from head to toe, and she unendingly and helplessly bled blood mingled with demonic tears that were boiling and bubbling up on their own. When she laid bare her mouth, teeth tinged and dripping with blood were laid to view. Her green eyes were agleam and shiny in appearance. And all of a sudden, she cried out during the exorcism, vociferating these words out like thunder talking while rumbling down the sky, “You have tormented us enough! We are taking our leave right this moment! Stop all this meaningless nonsense of yours!”

A few minutes later, the goofs had taken their leave like they had declared, leaving the place of exorcism in the form of a mighty and perilously cold wind, which swept its way past the colossal windows, renting and shattering them and showering the severed pieces down to the concrete floor which tinkled and clinked against it. They left the few surviving lights broken and shattered so that the elephantine room was exceedingly dark and their victim lying dead on the floor and the group of twelve who had been partaking in the proceeding mumbling and pacing about victoriously.

Martin Chong’s condition itself had been far than worse. His brown eyes had translated to a total and complete deep black, and his teeth had elongated and sharpened like those of a wild beast that feeds on other animal prey. Thick, dark fur was unfurling all over his skin as if he were about to abruptly transform into an animal, and he roared and yowled partly like the sound of numerous and fierce carnivorous beasts put together and partly like a multitude of manly-like but un-human voices were sounding off together at the same time.

Like Tracy, he was left all dead and breathless save for the order of twelve that had partook in the frightful exorcism itself. The goofs possessing him abandoned him and instead possessed the poisonous spiders that were living in the forlorn and olden gigantic room, all of which crept their way out and wandered off into the wide forest outside.

That was how Tracy and Martin had perished. Both in the course of two separate and undeniably dangerous exorcisms.

As Busiku finally turned away from their two graves which he was facing, he gave the order to his men, “Dig their bodies up. And carry them after me. I will turn back here again in a little while. And I trust that you would have finished by then.”

Having stated that, he went his way, leaving them behind to nod quietly at him and produce out long and knife-edged claws from their hands, which they then used in unearthing the two skeletal bodies.        





















CHAPTER THREE: RELENTLESS

That dusk, Monday 29 April 2030, Busiku and his two men—both being in perfect human form—stood in the living room by the fireside behind Tia Gay, who was relaxed in the sofa while sipping a cup of hot sugared chocolate. She was dressed in jeans and a dark blue knee-reaching coat with the buttons done so that the pink top that she was wearing inside was veiled by it. Her feet were clothed with a pair of neat and immaculate gray socks, both of which had been laid down on the wide claret carpet dressing the entire floor. 

Busiku himself was wearing a cleanly and tidy black suit, just like the two men with him. He had a wrist watch strapped and secured on his hand, which was also black in color. And the shoes on his feet, just like on his men’s, were black and polished. Simply put, he was ravishing in black altogether with his two silent men.

Tia spoke first. “Would you do me a favor, Busiku?”

He stretched wide his eyes, moving closer to her sofa and placing his hands on its head. “What favor, sweet angel?”

“Hunt out my brother, Storm, for me. I need to know if he is safe and sound.”

“He will be alright, Tia. There is no need to worry about him. He knows his job very well. And we have done ours perfectly excellent. You just stalked Anthony and his imbeciles of helping men. And I and my men fetched the last two formerly possessed bodies that we need for the awakening rite. We fetched the other three bodies yesterday. And together, we have three male skeletons and two female skeletons shut up right in your closet together with your neat clothes, my sweet angel. Today, we will just fetch that book of spells that we were falling short of. Leave Storm to do his job. He is a man—clever and shrewd.”

“Just check for me if he is in fine fettle and unhurt, please! I beg you!”

“Fine.” For minutes, Busiku was deeply quiet just like his two men, and then he coughed to his senses all of a sudden.

“What did you notice about him?” Tia pleaded, breathless and uneasy, her eyes still stayed on the fire before her. “Tell me please!”

“He is about to kill someone, I presume.”

“Kill someone? Did he get himself in any mess?”

“Not exactly. It happens that the man is trying to act a stumbling block to his plans. And killing him is the best alternative.”

“How are you so sure of that?”

“Your brother is carrying a knife, a sharp-edged and glittering one.”

“My goodness,” Tia breathed.

“At this moment, he is talking with this man. A tall and skinny man with white blond hair just like yours. The clothes of the man themselves are wrinkled but cleanly. An indication that they have not been ironed.”

“Where is this happening?”

“Godwyn’s Library. In the heart of the Moori village. And the two men are in a very long and somewhat dark corridor leading to a section that is marked ‘Restricted for Public Use and Access.’ There is no one near them.”

“But that is not the library you directed him to. The Inhibited Library. Or is it?”

“It is not, Tia. And I am aware of it. Storm is a clever man. He must have already done his research and learnt that the book we are looking for is not available there but at this given library instead.”

“I did—”

Busiku interrupted, shouting, “The men are arguing.”

Tia stayed still in her sofa, alarmed and driven out of breath another time.

“Storm has shown his knife to the man, but then he has been kicked to slam his back into the near wall. The man is coming after him and he is about to lunge a punch into his face…Shit…Storm has dodged it…He instead presses the man over to the wall and stabs him from…”

“From where, Busiku?”

“From behind. He speared the knife into his anus and he has now collapsed dead to the floor.”

Tia shivered in her seat, imagining what it would feel like to have a knife stabbed into her…anus. It must be so painful and shameful and miserable, or wasn’t it? “What is my brother up to now?” She asked, taking a steady sip of her mug of sugared chocolate.

“He is searching the man…he has fallen upon a bunch of keys and he now heads off towards the door.”

A minute slipped by. “Has he unlocked it yet?”

“He is still trying out the keys.”

Another minute went by. “Has he—”

“The door has just opened. And he is in now. He flicks on the light and starts surveying the abundant shelves.” Busiku fell quite for a time. “There he has it. The Chief Guide To Awakening Goofs by Edward Stone. He is flipping the pages. Published in 1245 by The Wingtade Press, Scotland. Storm is suddenly alerted. It seems some people are coming after him. And he starts off, scurrying to the last shelf where he takes off a giant black book that looks like a bible and the shelf has slid away immediately to lay to view a stone-made door where he inserts the key and pushes it open and runs off. Two men come into view behind him and pursue him into what looks like a tunnel.”

“Is he still carrying the book?”

“Yes, he is. The two men miss him. He has taken a very dark passage and they unknowingly pass by it.”

“Where is it leading him?”

“To some unknown and crowded street in the village. He climbs his way out of a drainage system and no one seems to notice. Some people are hurrying past him as he stands, chasing a thief, I guess. They are shouting something which I cannot hear. Everywhere there is disorder and tumult. And Storm flees his way, the book clasped like some dearly treasured object in his hand.”

Tia sighed, having finally completed her sugared chocolate. She set an empty mug on the small coffee table next to her sofa. “I am glad that he has not failed us. I really am.”

Busiku smiled deviously. “I knew that he would never fail.”

“What about Calvin? Can you check on him?”

“I cannot.”

“Why not?”

“I am every inch tired and exhausted.”

“I did not know that eversors ever get tired and weary.”

“Come on, sweet angel. Be a little bit realistic, will you?”

“Give it a try, my sweet man, will you? Please. Please!”

“No.”

“You are an eversor, Busiku. Don’t tell me that you are weak and frail just like humans, or are you in some sense?”

“Calvin is now in Lusaka. Which is very, very far away from here. Tracing him will eat up all the little energy and strength that I am now reserving. And I may even end up unconscious if I am unfortunate. Don’t you get it?”

“Fine.”

Busiku bent over to kiss the side of Tia’s cheek. She had slept twice with him now. Not because she loved him or even that it was the right of thing to do. She had plans. Evil plans of her own to destroy him and his supremacy and influence bit by bit and slowly and unnoticedly. She hated him. She hated even his slight touch. Of course, she could not deny it, he had taken her to the heavenly heights themselves in the intervals that they were in bed together. He was practiced and skilled in lying down with women and pleasuring them. He was so good at it. But that was never enough to make up for all the pain and hatred that his presence had effected in her own life and to some extreme, her beloved family’s life. She knew how to conceal her inner emotions from his detection. Practice and discipline and determination had taught her that skill very well.

Busiku could smell the emotions but never the thoughts. He got a slice of what one was thinking through the hint existing in their emotions. But often times, the brain could act treacherous along with the emotions you know. All she did whenever he was around was focus and meditate only on those positive things about him. She would think about how satisfying and gratifying sex with him was, and in doing so, fall in love with his bedly experience, which, she trusted, he would misinterpret for being in love with him. She would marvel and wish that she had his marvelous abilities—which she hoped he would mistake for idolizing him. She would muse and ponder about how strong and powerful he was with his army—and keep her fingers crossed that he would classify her gleeful and heavenly emotions as liking and affection for his nature and kind, which was not the case at all.

But whenever she was alone, having put on that scentless lotion of his all over her body so he could not stalk her scent and know her emotions, she was at last free to think over and abhor and condemn about the million things awful and bad that he in reality was. That came with a price though. The endless tingling and tickling of her skin in annoying and slightly painful irritation. Which she could not find any remedy to. And only after keeping herself and her hatred from him under check did she hurry on to the bathroom and shower and scrub and rub herself for minutes unending.

It was all painful. But it was worth enduring that pain. Oh yes, it was worth it. One of these days, while Busiku was unsuspicious and unaware, she was going to strike him straight on his heart and banish him off into the realm of the dead—where he was ever going to abide for all eternity. One of these days, she would finally put an end to all the pain and trouble and suffering that he had caused her and what’s more importantly, his dear life itself. She would kill him herself. With no one’s help at all. Yes, she would eventually succeed in doing all this and even much more. She definitely would.




CHAPTER FOUR: ENSNARED


If Busiku had the ability to read and examine human minds, or just about the minds of any given species, he would discover that the woman he foresaw to be quickly falling in love with him as he was falling for her, did not ever love him as he imagined. She had deceived him. Ensnared him even; that woman herself being Tia Gay, sister to Calvin and Storm Gay.

When Storm finally made to their house (his house and his two siblings’—Calvin and Tia, without question), Tia sat on Busiku’s lap in the living room, looking about and scowling in exhaustion as her newly-found lover stroked her extremely long white blond hair tenderly and lovingly. While he caressed and tweaked it towards himself—he even went on to sniff it and take uttermost pleasure in her sugar-like scent which was trickling into his nostrils promptly and openly, sweet and inviting. 

At overhearing the door slam open in the inlet room just next to the living room they were in, Tia jumped up to her feet off his lap, glaring and frowning at him. “You didn’t tell me that Storm was close to arriving here, did you?” She demanded furiously in a subdued voice.

Busiku took his stand too. “I didn’t want to inform you about it. Is there anything wrong with it?”

“Suppose he had seen us like that. It would have been terrible, awful even.”

“Tia, we are in love, aren’t we? And everyone in the world has every right to know about it. Don’t you think so?”

“God forbid. Don’t ever mention that again when any of my brothers are around. You’ll get us into deep trouble. It is better you confine or shut in that tongue of yours if you cannot control it. Please. I beg you.”

Storm tramped his way into the living room that moment, carrying the big and heavy book that he had just stolen. “Is everything alright?” He enquired. “I thought I heard you two arguing.”

“We are not,” Tia declared, putting a feigned smile on her lovely face. She then faced Busiku. “We are very good friends, Busiku, are we not?”

He smiled at her and eventually at Storm lastly. “Yes, we are.”

Storm sighed. “Anyway, I brought here what you requested for. Here is the book. You can check it out yourself.”

A smile of amusement and ingenuity appeared on Busiku’s face as Storm handed over the book to him. He laid it on the nearest table, his coal black eyes gleaming in utter satisfaction and intense pleasure, and he began to flip its dusted and spotless pages hurriedly and excitedly. Tia and Storm drew closer to snatch a glimpse of what Busiku was running his eyes on. The words themselves were inexplicable and abnormal, even at first and prolonged gazing. They were written in huge black…letters?...no, these were not letters or notes of earthly form…neither were they sketches or drawings. What language could these…whatever-they-were-called be? Both Storm and Tia wondered.

“Can you read this?” Tia enquired, looking at Busiku who was devotedly running an eye down the pages while he flipped them.

“Yes, I can, Tia.”

“What kind of language is this?” Storm asked.

Busiku stared at him. “It is the language of goofs. Or in other words, the language of the supernatural. Which are fallen angels and one and the same with demons themselves.”

Tia shrank away at hearing that. “You don’t say.”

Busiku stared at her, smelling her emotions. “There is nothing to be scared of. Reading this will not awake the goofs. But putting them into effect the rituals described here certainly will.”

Storm was trembling and frightened too, Busiku noticed.

He added on, “You must learn to overcome your fear before the ceremony starts. Goofs feed on fear. They cause fear and they like to inflict it on their sufferers. If you go on like this you will constantly be their objects and victims of torment. I warn you. You better learn to overcome any kind of fear before you come into contact with them. Any form of fear I say.”

Storm and Tia glanced wordlessly.

All of a sudden, Busiku looked up at the ceiling above and began saying out words that Storm and Tia could not in any way hear, or even comprehend. They only saw a thick cloud of green-interfused-with-yellow smoke coming forth from his opened and moving mouth. The smoke itself arose up toward the ceiling and formed appearances of very frightful and demonic-looking faces which hovered in the air for seconds before disappearing off without notice. 

“What is he doing?” Storm asked Tia. 

She shuddered. “I have no idea.”

After Busiku had fallen quiet—his mouth at long last secured shut and his lips unmoving—he turned to Tia and Storm and said. “I was speaking the language of the goofs. Practicing some verse of spells that I came across in the book.”

Tia blinked. “Is that what happens whenever one is speaking out this alien language?”

“Surely.”	

On the spur of the moment, the lights went off and there was total darkness in the entire room. Tia screamed first, “Busiku! Storm! Can you hear me?”

“I can!” Storm screamed back in a trembling voice.

“Busiku!” Tia yelled.

He lit up his eyes—a perfect and consummate glowing red that enlightened up the room. And then he stared at Tia and Storm themselves, who stood right next to one another, quivering and quaking and then he voiced out, “Yes, Tia.”

The room was black. Entirely black as the room that Busiku and Storm and Tia were in. Calvin Gay marched his way toward the door, having flicked all the lights out, and he slowly opened it and momentarily looked back before eventually proceeding his way out.

The air was cold and penetrating outside. But not verily.

His attire was first-rate and excellent. Black pants, an immaculate white shirt, a black jacket with the last few buttons made loose, and polished and shiny black shoes. His long umber-colored hair was fastened and hung over his back. To be straightforward and upright, Calvin looked terribly and overwhelmingly handsome like some confident and well-known male model parading his way stylishly and gracefully in the course of a Mr. Universe contest.

The car he scaled into was as black and shiny and polished as his shoes were. He had just rented it. A Ford Meteor. One such modern and nice-looking two-sitter car that was more expensive than most high-priced diamond rings that rich men were known to buy for their lovers.

Like a meteor jetting its way in the wide and unending space above, blazing and aflame, the car streaked its way on the not-so-congested road, veering off into the other lane and overtaking any slow-moving car that it ran across. While glancing an eye at the advertisement posts that were streaming past him, Calvin saw the sign:

TEN KILOMETERS AWAY TO REACH LUSAKA’S NORBERG HOTEL.

As he drove his way to the hotel, where he was headed to, Calvin called to mind the events that occurred shortly before his father, Simon Gay, died. Killed by the very goofs that he was just about to unleash back to this world from their heavenly and darkly abode.

That morning, they were training and practicing on a lofty and treeless hill in the enormous forest like preservers on every occasion do. He was a teenage back then. And Storm and Tia were now mature and grown-up in comparison to a short-heighted but muscular him.

Simon had been confident and in high spirits that morning, sword-fighting in a praiseworthy manner against all three of his children and beating and overpowering them. Whenever Calvin set upon him, he blockaded him off with his sword, and then kicked him several times till he had been flown backward and slammed his back into the bark of a tree and fallen down head-first. Storm then leapt up into the air—carrying out a forward somersault so as to ground down behind his father, but Simon revolved over to face him and punch him thrice with one hand, and like Calvin, he was flown off to fall over to the ground, rolling on dry grass and leaves before eventually coming to a halt. And Tia, he knocked and battered swords with her till her sword had broke into two and he had hit his forehead on hers so as to send her feeling woozy with her head inevitably swirling over to the ground below.

Simon stood by himself, triumphant and victorious and surveying his fallen and lamenting children. And then he saw it.

Far away above the forest moved a mass of blackness in his direction. The sighting was strange and extraordinary. While on the hill where they stood it was clearly morning, it was night in the direction he was facing—the night itself moving toward him and spreading about in a quick and terrifying manner. The moon was nevertheless absent in the sky, but the darkness, it was extreme and night-like.

In a matter of time, his three children became of what was going on.

“What is that?” An astonished Calvin asked.

“Goofs,” Simon announced. “They are coming here.”

Everyone trembled at the pronouncement. Goofs were every preserver’s worst nightmare.

Storm and Tia quickly gathered their weapons and any possessions of theirs which was scattered down on the ground and they packed it in the bags that they had carried to the forest with them. The darkness was nearing the hill. When they were done, each one of the four grabbed a bag with him and started down for the forest, Simon himself being ahead of everyone and screaming, “Run! Quick!”

The mass of darkness encircled the hill and formed a swift and hasty circle around it, swallowing up the entire forest beneath. 

Simon ran as fast as he could in the now-night forest, with his three kids following him behind. Calvin followed him and then Tia and Storm. And he did not ever dare to look back as he went his way, hasty and tormented.

First, there was a strike of fierce lightning ahead of him, zapping through two giant trees and tearing them on to collapse and block his way. He immediately stopped as he could not crush himself into the fallen branches. And there where the lightning hit down, white smoke arose from the ground to scatter up in the air and reveal an aged Indian woman dressed in a pure white robe who stood staring straight at him.

Second, another bolt of lightning stroke down behind him, zapping through two giant trees and splitting them up to collapse and miss briefly to pound and crash down on a restless and paused Storm. He dodged it by leaping forward. And while he was searching behind him, he saw a black woman in a spotless white robe as well standing on a sturdy branch of the collapsed tree. She had her eyes on Simon.

“Everyone of you go!” Simon directed. “They are here for me. To have revenge for that triplet sister of theirs whom I dismissed and exiled away from the body she possessed. Go, or else you will die with me!”

Storm started off first into the dark forest, and then Tia ran away in a route opposite the one he took, but the stubborn Calvin remained. 

After the two had fled away, the black woman opened her mouth widely and swarms and hosts of bees winged out, dividing into three and going off in separate ways. The first swarm went after Storm in the forest; the second swarm pursued Tia; and the last swarm flew after Calvin who began to flee his way too late.

Storm watched the bees clothe and surround his son, stinging and nicking him. He cried out while he collapsed down to the ground where he lay unmoving and silenced for a long time. Yes, he had been stung to unconsciousness.

In a little while, the bees abandoned him in favor of the now wide-opened mouth that they had emerged from and where they soared into till there was not one of them left out. And shortly following this, Tia was heard screaming aloud in the forest and then becoming quiet. And Storm followed her lastly and was cut short too.

While the two distinct swarm of bees returned into the mouth that they had come from, Simon stood all alone, looking from one woman to the other in horror and confusion. He did not know what else to do. And he was confident that he was doomed to sure death.

Feeling sickly and unwell, Calvin snapped open his eyes from where he was lying down late enough to hear a chainsaw humming to life ear-piercingly and see his father tied on to a huge tree remedilessly. The two women stood before him and the Indian one was the one who drove the chainsaw into his body—the chainsaw itself having been derived from Simon’s bag itself—and she chopped him up piece by piece, organ by organ, showering herself and her companion with his hurried spatters of blood while he wailed and pleaded for mercy. 

As such, Simon died. While Calvin watched motionless and quiet and unnoticed. He did all his best to stay and prevent himself from weeping aloud, or else he would be hewed up next.

Tears ran down Calvin’s cheek as he put an end to his reminiscence. That was how his father had died. Forlorn and helpless. And what had killed him, he was about to bring back to this world.

Minutes later, Calvin arrived safely at Norberg Hotel. The hotel was sited in the heart of the city. A skyscraper itself. Thirteen stories high and framed with immaculate and ravishing glass and steel. The parking lot where he stationed his car was spacious and clean and orderly. There were abundant lights shimmering and gleaming inside it.

Having walked into the roomy lobby, Calvin had a word or two with the receptionist. An obese woman in a white skirt suit and white flat shoes whose name on her identity card was indicated ‘DOREEN THOLE.’ Her blond hair—a wig itself—was styled into graceful and long curls which did not seem to harmonize with her very dark skin. Calvin was kind and polite nevertheless, even smiling and grinning.

“You are looking so pretty, madame.”

“Thank you so much! How can I be of help to you?”

“I am here to attend the Sticky Kay gathering. I hear the artiste is celebrating her twenty-sixth birthday here, isn’t it? I am a fan, her number one fan as a matter of fact, and here is the ticket I bought for the event.”

“Let me see…You are welcome, Mr. Gay. Take any elevator on your farthest right and press for floor number 8. The room is labeled AQUAMARINE. In capital letters that is. And you will present your ticket to the guard whom you will see stationed just next to the door. He will swap your ticket with a card. Keep it please.”

“All heard, madame.”

“Good luck, Mr. Gay.”

“Good luck, Doreen.”  

The elevator that Calvin stepped into was steel-made, with glowing white lights on the ceiling, and buttons that were registered in white itself. He pressed the button indicated ‘8’ while the elevator doors sealed steadily, and then breathed out, checking his little bit clear reflection which was shown in the polished steel walls. He looked…fine he could observe.

Ten minutes later, he was standing before the room labeled ‘AQUAMARINE’, relaxed and composed. The guard who was there, a robust-looking and energetic man, faultlessly dressed in a brown suit and shiny brown shoes, looked up at him and enquired, “This is a private room, mister. Kept out of bounds from public reach. How can I be of help to you?”

“I am a fan of Sticky Kay. I have been one ever since I heard her first ever album playing on the radio. I am here to attend her birthday celebration and here is my ticket.”

The man gently took Calvin’s ticket and surveyed it for a little while before eventually replacing it with a plastic-cased card marked ‘FAN 78.’ 

Calvin surveyed the card in turn. 

“Go on in,” the man told him, moving away from the closed door so as to make way for him. 

Just as Calvin was about to open the door, the man quickly opened it up for him and assigned him a polite bow. “You are welcome, Mr. Gay,” he announced.

“Thank you,” Calvin replied, walking his way into the enormous and gigantic room before him which was adorned and graced nicely and pleasantly. The guard behind him went on to shut the door and take back his watchful stand and station. 

Before Calvin were numberless men and women, all of them dressed neatly and excellently and chatting and sipping glasses of wine and giggling and chuckling and smiling. Calvin wandered his way in the crowd, looking distracted and confused. He ended up knocking into a beautiful woman in pure red who was carrying a glass of wine and ended up spilling it on his jacket itself. She immediately looked up at him furiously and then suddenly slapped into his face.

“How dare you?” She screamed out, attracting the attention of those nearby by so doing. 

“I am sorry, miss,” Calvin said, looking distastefully and as if to frown on his drenched and wine-smelling jacket.

“You deserved it,” the women thundered and walked away from him with an empty glass of wine held in her hand.

She was Asian. Sort of Chinese looking. With dark red hair, electric blue eyes, and pale and slightly dark skin. 

Scowling at the crowd that was watching him, Calvin breathed out another time and went after the woman, outraged and terrific-looking. He found her sitted on a tall chair before a bar counter, the empty glass that she had been a while ago holding set on the wooden counter itself, her face buried sorrowfully into her hands. She must be depressed and dishearted, Calvin guessed.

While he sat on the raised chair next to her, he cleared his throat and she straight away looked up at him. “I am sorry for what happened earlier,” he said.

The woman made no reply, staring and blinking at him resentfully.

Calvin called on to the waiter, “Hey, sir. Serve the lady the wine that she would like.”

“I’m alright,” the woman shouted back to the waiter who was just about to rush towards the counter. Then she faced Calvin. “Who told you that I am in need of wine? Much less wine bought by you?”

Calvin sighed. “You haven’t forgiven me, have you?”

“Why don’t you go somewhere far away from me? Go talk to another lady if you want to chat. I am in no mood for conversations. You have just ruined my night, and it is already enough, don’t you think?”

“I said I am sorry, did I not?”

“Fine. I forgive you.”

“You are quite beautiful, you know. Very, very good-looking I can assure you.”

She stared at him silently. And he feared another unexpected slap from her.

“I am being honest. I am not flattering you in any way.”

To his shock and surprise, she smiled warmly. “Thank you. No one has ever told me that since I arrived here.”

“Where are you from?”

“North Korea. My name is Kim Ju Xuang. My parents are from China but I was born in Korea.”

“I see. So you just visited Zambia for the first time, didn’t you?”

“You are right. I love your country. I have been so happy ever since the first day I got here. And I feel like staying forever.”

Calvin laughed. “I would like it if you stay.”

“Really?”

“Yes. No one here would love to miss such a stunning beauty as you.”

The woman smiled. “Thanks. I have to go anyway. I am expecting a visitor at my hotel the coming morning. And it will be a surely exhausting and wearisome day. I have to take as much rest as possible. I have been hardly sleeping all along.”

“Are you driving?”

“I am taking a cab.”

“I have a car. I will drive you there.”

“You don’t want to leave early just like me, would you? The night is still young I believe.”

“I wouldn’t care. I was just about to take my leave anyway.”

“Okay then. I accept your offer.”

“You won’t regret it. I mean I am thankful that you let me…drive you to your hotel.”

“I am the one who is supposed to be thankful, Mr—”

“Gay. Calvin Gay.”

“Fine, Mr. Gay.”

In the car, while it went fast on the empty road, rapid and straight, Kim Ju Xuang began dozing and taking sudden naps in her seat. Calvin checked on her every once in a while, and at last bored and fatigued with their unending silence, he first tuned on the radio, and then the music player lastly. Sticky Kay warbled and sung into his ears.

An hour later, he awoke Kim Ju from her extended sleep. She first looked at him and then glanced about, sleepy and dull and slow-moving. Surprise hit her. “Where are we?” She asked.

“My place,” Calvin replied.

“Your place. I asked you if you knew where Surmount Hotel was and you agreed that you knew where it is and that you were precisely going to take me there. Why did you bring me to your house then? You should have made it clear to me before that you had selfish plans of your own.”

“Calm down, will you? I am only here to fetch a container of diesel; I couldn’t have made it to Surmount Hotel; I would have run out of diesel half-way. And all filling stations are closed today thanks to the fuel crisis that is going on in the country. They may open up tomorrow and I couldn’t wait for tomorrow to take you to the hotel. I have diesel here at my place. So please stop complaining, will you?”

“Okay! Be quick please.”

“Stop being rude, Kim Ju, will you? I am not going to leave you by yourself here. Come inside and have something to drink. Just a glass of water.”

“Calvin—”

“Please!”

“As you insist. But I am not accepting anything more than a glass of water.”

For minutes continual, Kim Ju sat alone in the sizeable living room, waiting for Calvin to show up from the kitchen where he had disappeared into. The clock, presently showing that it was just nine o’clock, ticked and clicked and tolled and clacked. Ten past nine, Kim Ju observed. Twenty past nine, she checked. Half past nine, she found out. It inched closer to ten.

“Calvin!” She called out. “ Calvin!”

There came no answer.

Worried and uneasy, she stood up, then walked to the kitchen and…she shrank away at what she saw. There was blood sprinkled and dried on the floor of the kitchen itself. Which was no good sign at all. She had been taken in on by a devil of a man, she suspected. She was doomed!

Just when she turned to flee her way, the lights in the house went off, and from somewhere, where exactly she could not tell, she began hearing footsteps of a walking man. Shit. That had to be him. Calvin without query.

Without saying anything, she ran off wherever she could, into a protracted corridor, then another one, and another one going down as if leading to some underground room, and she struggled to open the door that she ran into. Meanwhile, she could hear the clicking and clacking of padlocks as they were locked and bolted. Shit. She was entrapped in here. She had to hide herself.

The door opened right after it had become silent and still, and it swung with a noisy and creaking sound. She dashed into the dark room nevertheless, and hit into a… a moving and quiet human body that was tied and hung downwards from the ceiling above, which she could not see at all. Screaming loud, she ran her way in another direction and knocked into another stirring body that was humming and buzzing lowly—an indication that these were alive individuals that Calvin must have supposedly kidnapped and stuck Sellotape (or cellophane tape) on their mouths.

As she was moving away from the wiggling and swaying body, she bumped into someone…Calvin she felt, who immediately laid hold of her and placed a firm hand over her mouth. As much as she labored and strived to scream, she could not afford to break free off his intensely powerful grasp. He was extremely powerful beyond her slightest imagination.

Without warning, he carried her off her spot and went on to hit her against the wall, which he repeated on and on till, at last powerless and remediless, she passed out, a mass of deep-most blackness swallowing her altogether with her mind and reason. Her final thought was that she was dying. Maybe she was.
“You are right. I love your country. I have been so happy ever since the first day I got here. And I feel like staying forever.”

Calvin laughed. “I would like it if you stay.”

“Really?”

“Yes. No one here would love to miss such a stunning beauty as you.”

The woman smiled. “Thanks. I have to go anyway. I am expecting a visitor at my hotel the coming morning. And it will be a surely exhausting and wearisome day. I have to take as much rest as possible. I have been hardly sleeping all along.”

“Are you driving?”

“I am taking a cab.”

“I have a car. I will drive you there.”

“You don’t want to leave early just like me, would you? The night is still young I believe.”

“I wouldn’t care. I was just about to take my leave anyway.”

“Okay then. I accept your offer.”

“You won’t regret it. I mean I am thankful that you let me…drive you to your hotel.”

“I am the one who is supposed to be thankful, Mr—”

“Gay. Calvin Gay.”

“Fine, Mr. Gay.”

In the car, while it went fast on the empty road, rapid and straight, Kim Ju Xuang began dozing and taking sudden naps in her seat. Calvin checked on her every once in a while, and at last bored and fatigued with their unending silence, he first tuned on the radio, and then the music player lastly. Sticky Kay warbled and sung into his ears.

An hour later, he awoke Kim Ju from her extended sleep. She first looked at him and then glanced about, sleepy and dull and slow-moving. Surprise hit her. “Where are we?” She asked.

“My place,” Calvin replied.

“Your place. I asked you if you knew where Surmount Hotel was and you agreed that you knew where it is and that you were precisely going to take me there. Why did you bring me to your house then? You should have made it clear to me before that you had selfish plans of your own.”

“Calm down, will you? I am only here to fetch a container of diesel; I couldn’t have made it to Surmount Hotel; I would have run out of diesel half-way. And all filling stations are closed today thanks to the fuel crisis that is going on in the country. They may open up tomorrow and I couldn’t wait for tomorrow to take you to the hotel. I have diesel here at my place. So please stop complaining, will you?”

“Okay! Be quick please.”

“Stop being rude, Kim Ju, will you? I am not going to leave you by yourself here. Come inside and have something to drink. Just a glass of water.”

“Calvin—”

“Please!”

“As you insist. But I am not accepting anything more than a glass of water.”

For minutes continual, Kim Ju sat alone in the sizeable living room, waiting for Calvin to show up from the kitchen where he had disappeared into. The clock, presently showing that it was just nine o’clock, ticked and clicked and tolled and clacked. Ten past nine, Kim Ju observed. Twenty past nine, she checked. Half past nine, she found out. It inched closer to ten.

“Calvin!” She called out. “ Calvin!”

There came no answer.

Worried and uneasy, she stood up, then walked to the kitchen and…she shrank away at what she saw. There was blood sprinkled and dried on the floor of the kitchen itself. Which was no good sign at all. She had been taken in on by a devil of a man, she suspected. She was doomed!

Just when she turned to flee her way, the lights in the house went off, and from somewhere, where exactly she could not tell, she began hearing footsteps of a walking man. Shit. That had to be him. Calvin without query.

Without saying anything, she ran off wherever she could, into a protracted corridor, then another one, and another one going down as if leading to some underground room, and she struggled to open the door that she ran into. Meanwhile, she could hear the clicking and clacking of padlocks as they were locked and bolted. Shit. She was entrapped in here. She had to hide herself.

The door opened right after it had become silent and still, and it swung with a noisy and creaking sound. She dashed into the dark room nevertheless, and hit into a… a moving and quiet human body that was tied and hung downwards from the ceiling above, which she could not see at all. Screaming loud, she ran her way in another direction and knocked into another stirring body that was humming and buzzing lowly—an indication that these were alive individuals that Calvin must have supposedly kidnapped and stuck Sellotape (or cellophane tape) on their mouths.

As she was moving away from the wiggling and swaying body, she bumped into someone…Calvin she felt, who immediately laid hold of her and placed a firm hand over her mouth. As much as she labored and strived to scream, she could not afford to break free off his intensely powerful grasp. He was extremely powerful beyond her slightest imagination.

Without warning, he carried her off her spot and went on to hit her against the wall, which he repeated on and on till, at last powerless and remediless, she passed out, a mass of deep-most blackness swallowing her altogether with her mind and reason. Her final thought was that she was dying. Maybe she was.


THE END!
AUTHOR’S REMARK - Forthcoming are the first two chapters of my already published novel, Dead by Dawn: The Eversors Arising.

CHAPTER ONE: MUBANGA SAMPA DIES

The night Jordan Sampa’s father, Mubanga, was jabbed to his death by a stream of poisonous arrows, she was barely eleven years old. She could in no way fail to call to mind that dreadful night. She still clearly retraced its precise date – Wednesday, 7 October 2020 – which was just ten years past.                                                                                                

At that date, Jordan and her father dwelt with Bryant Stuart, a joint preserver like them, who had rescued the two of them when assailed by battalions of fierce-looking watchels, which were beings that possessed cracked dark brown skin and frightening cloudy white eyes. Bryant had taken Jordan and Mubanga into his home, sited in a very gigantic forest, and they had abode there ever since.                                                                             

An hour before Jordan’s father was murdered, she snatched a glimpse at him as he wrestled with Bryant in an enormous and white-illuminated room, where he evermore rehearsed his combat expertise with him each night.                                                                                                                                                                                

Swords clinked and clanked, almost deadening her ears as a result.                                                                                                     

Bryant was seizing a straight, razor-edged, and short glittering sword that would lengthen each time that he flung it at Mubanga. When he drew it away, it would shorten on its own.                                                                                                                                         

Mubanga, on the other hand, was gripping firmly a lengthy, shining, and slightly twisted sword. It didn’t seem to carry any magical powers, unlike Bryant’s. Not that Bryant’s sword was magical. It wasn’t.                                          

As Bryant hurried toward Mubanga, he intended his short sword to mince off Mubanga’s throat, where he launched it, and while it floated in the air, it elongated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Mubanga readily blocked it in time with a loud clink. As the two swords encountered, echoing against each other, they lit up with a fleeting brightness, sparkling.                                                                                                                                    

Bryant removed his sword hurriedly. Mubanga withdrew his too.                                                                                                                                                   

This time, Bryant aimed undeviating at Mubanga’s stomach. Mubanga registered it and stopped Bryant’s sword with another ear-piercing clank.                                                                                                                                                                                    

Bryant glowered, disconcerted with himself. He drove his lengthening sword to Mubanga’s rib, where it was blockaded before clawing Mubanga’s khakhi shirt, let alone his flesh.                                                                                                   

A furious Bryant clenched his teeth.                                                                                                                                                              

Mubanga made a move fast. He directed his sword to sever through Bryant from waist to waist, slicing him into two. While the sharp and somewhat twisted sword swam in the air like lightning, it gleamed with a smooth-going swish.                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Bryant hopped up into the air, where he spun backward, and at last grounded down on prepared feet.                                                                         His sword had fallen short to hit him. For when it was just on the verge of striking him, Bryant had threw himself up into the air to escape it.                                                                                                                                                                              

Mubanga stared at Bryant, astonished.                                                                                                                                                                                              

Bryant smiled, a smile of unusual excitement.                                                                                                                                                                           

Mubanga flung his sword at Bryant’s throat, as if to behead him.                                                                                                                                   

Bryant, still smiling, simply arched himself down to avoid it. And he apparently did. The sword flapped high above his cheek in the air, failing by a plain inch or so to chop off his ear.                                                                                                   

Bryant set upon Mubanga then. First, he instantaneously cast his sword up into the air, where it went on turning and twirling, and in addition flashing and glistening.                                                                                                                                               

Mubanga’s eyes followed the swinging sword, which was an error on his part. He had been tricked.                                                                                                           As his eyes were going after the revolving sword, Bryant stirred toward him with the speed of light. Before he had even become aware of it, Bryant had made it to him, and he was prepared to attack.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Too late, Mubanga glimpsed Bryant from the corner of his eye.                                                                                                                                     

Bryant right away knocked his forehead against Mubanga’s, and Mubanga stumbled back, looking as though he was seeing tiny stars that were rotating around his head. Bryant raised his leg and beat into Mubanga’s stomach with his knee. When Mubanga had stumbled further away, Bryant blew a kick into his face without putting his foot down.                                                                                                                                                                                              

The kick was very energetic and overpowering.                                                                                                                                                                       

It threw Mubanga farther away till he had slammed his back against the wall.                                                                                                                            

He groaned, for the first time, it appeared.                                                                                                                                                                        

Bryant proceeded toward him with his hand raised up into the air. When he arrived at him, the revolving sword had by then dropped off into his hand, and he had grasped it readily.                                                                                                                   

He placed the lengthening sword on Mubanga’s throat.                                                                                                                          

Mubanga looked at him, terrified and breathing fast.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

It was then when Jordan had broken in. She threw open the doors from where she had been watching her father and Bryant fight, then stomped into the room hastily.                                                                                                                                                                                 

“Stop!” she cried out. “You will kill him.”                                                                                                                                                                                  

Bryant shifted away from Mubanga, setting him free. He reversed toward her, watching her march toward him resentfully.                                                                                                                                                                                                     

“Fight me instead,” she ordered in an enraged voice.                                                                                                                                                        

“You?” Bryant chuckled. “You are just a kid. What do you know about fighting, let alone hunting? It is true that we belong to the same kind, little girl. Hunters. We are the preservers. But I am more skilled and of high discernment than you, kid. I have chased and slew over twelve thousand monsters in my whole life, while you have not ever shed any blood, let alone the tiniest drops of chicken blood.”                                                                                                                   

Jordan came to a halt and stared up at him bitterly. She was skinny and petite and a bit tall, with very long jet-black hair, like her deceased mother’s, who was on no occasion a preserver. She as well had large nut-brown eyes, extremely beautiful eyes, and fair and unblemished golden brown skin. Simply put, she was beautiful, excessively and remarkably attractive, even for her tender age.                                                                                                                    

While Bryant stared down at her, she could note that he was starting to become overpowered by her appearance.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Bryant, in contrast to her, was gigantic and long-legged and handsome with very long yellow hair, even longer than a woman’s. His hair was tied at his back with a fastener.                                                                                                                                        

Mubanga, on one hand, didn’t look much like his daughter. He didn’t look like her at all. Dark chocolate skin, brown hair, velvety black eyes, a rectangular-shaped face (while his daughter was a perfect oval-shaped). He too, like Bryant, and all preserver men, had far-reaching hair. Everyone who was born a preserver had a God-fearing duty to never cut off his hair in the course of his entire lifetime. If one did so, he ceased to be a preserver. And unless his hair would shoot up again, he would just be like any other ordinary human being.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

“Jordan,” Mubanga voiced for the first time, outraged. “What did I tell you? That whenever I am training with Bryant, we are not to be interfered with. Did I not make that clear to you?”                                                                                            

She shivered. “But I thought that he was going to bruise you, father.”                                                                                                              

“Bryant and I were only training. We always train this way. You didn’t have to lay eyes on us from partially closed doors.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                           

Jordan wondered if Mubanga actually knew that she had been biding her time behind those half-shut doors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          

“I didn’t lay eyes on you from any partly closed doors. You were making noise—the clicking and clanking and rattling of your swords. I couldn’t find any sleep with it ringing about me from every corner.”                                                                                                                          

That was a lie Jordan told to confirm whether her father had spotted her standing behind the formerly half-shut doors. It seemed he hadn’t. His answer implied it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

“Fine. I’m sorry,” Mubanga conceded. “I can’t help it though. Why don’t you try infixing your earphones into your ears? You can then play some beloved songs of yours from your iNex.”                                                                                                                                                                                           

She gave out a sustained breath. “Fine.”                                                                                                                                                                                     

Bryant grinned and flagged her a nod after she had come across his mirthful gaze.                                                                                                                                          

She rotated quickly and tramped away. The moment she shut the door behind her, the tinkling and clinking of razor-edged swords carried on.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Jordan made a face as she entered into her petite room. It scarcely had any furnishings, save for a single bed, and stained glass lamps that gleamed cherry red and orange, a petty table with children’s books on top of it, and a two-doored closet that had the doors fastened. She herself was having on skinny jeans and a dusky top and a cotton-knitted jacket that had the buttons worked free.                                                                                                                                          

She flung herself on her bed, which generated a slight squeal, and lay down there, staring up at the old white ceiling above her. She could notice some openings and fractures in it.                                                                                                                        

Minutes slipped by, if not hours.                                                                                                                                                                                                       

All of a sudden, the clattering of the swords worsened. For a second, Jordan held that she overheard an agonized and moment-lived scream, followed by a loud collision against the wall, which threw off the picture frames that were nailed to the wall in her room.                                                                                                                                                                                      

She sat up in her bed instantly, alarmed and breathing fast.                                                                                                                                                                         

Something ran in the lightless corridor outside her room, moving fast toward her closed door. More footsteps followed, all of which were bolting and aiming at her door.                                                                                                                                                                               

She abruptly faced her door, driven out of breath.                                                                                                                                     

The door was thumped open, and something, which she didn’t distinctly catch sight of, started into her room, leaping up into the air skillfully and speedily than her eyes could follow, and before she realized it, it had grounded on the concrete floor, striking down on it and proceeding on to roll itself beneath her bed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Jordan’s hand reached for her pillow and she snatched the dagger that she was preserving underneath it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Like lightning, she lay down on her bed and rolled herself, going on to pitch herself over to the floor, where she stroke painfully, and yet she withheld herself from crying, let alone whimpering.                                                                                                                                         

She was prepared to strike that thing under her bed with her dagger.                                                                                                                                                                 

She checked around, but there was nothing to find. Had her eyes deceived her?                                                                                          

She got up to her feet in one swift second.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

She looked over her bed. There was nothing. Apart from her rumpled sheets, an almost falling off pillow, and her forsaken iNex, which had her playlist, and which she hadn’t played since she had formerly reappeared into her room.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Jordan, somewhat restless, stared down.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

A pair of long, dark-brown hands that had cracked skin stretched from below her bed towards her feet. 

While she shrank, exhaling in fright at the same time, the pair of fiery-looking hands arrested each of her two feet.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

She screamed—a girlish and fearful and nervous scream.                                                                                                                                                                 

Something groaned frighteningly from beneath her bed as she was being pulled so as to trip over to the floor. It was a watchel, she had no doubt.                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Jordan smacked down with her face, and drops of raw blood issued forth from her slit forehead. The watchel dragged her toward itself. She let out a noisy scream once more.                                                                                                                                                                                                       

While the watchel hauled her, issuing out a menacing growl, she clasped on to the leg of her bed, and commenced on to drag herself away from the affrighting demon that was locking its cloudy white eyes on her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

It wrestled back, pulling her with greater vigor, and tightening its grip on her foot.                                                                                                                                                                  

Jordan looked for her dagger. The moment she fell, it had slipped away from her grip, and there it was, lying a few feet away from her. She stretched her hand to get hold of it, which she couldn’t, as it was still sited farther away.                                                                                                                                                                                                           

Gradually but certainly, the watchel firmly towed her back to itself.                                                                                                                                                                                

She twisted after it and projected a strong kick into its face. She did it again and again until its left eye had burst off, spraying a spout of deep red blood into her face. Her tongue, which had been stuck out at the moment, tasted and sipped the blood to her offence.                                                                                                                                                               

She threw out, maddened with herself.                                                                                                                                                                         

The watchel freed her right that moment, going on to locate its hand over its shattered eye. It groaned and twisted on the floor and squealed and uttered maledictions in a tongue that she could not catch on to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                

She had obtained her brilliant chance. And so she fled toward her dagger, moving on hands and feet, quick as a spider, watchful and attentive as a rat.                                                                                                                                                                            

It was too late.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          

Someone stood before the knife with his uncovered and unsightly feet laid over it. He was lofty, but not that much, and dressed in tattered and torn clothes, and he additionally smelled bad as though he had never took a bath in his entire lifetime, or ever since he was born plainly put.                                                                                                                                                                                     

He was awfully ugly, Jordan had to acknowledge. And he was not human moreover. He was a watchel. A male one, of course. That, she could tell. Male watchels were all bald-headed, with glistening heads that displayed cracked skulls. The female ones had larger fierce-glowing eyes, unlike the males’, which were miniature but spherical, and they also were in possession of long hair, just like an ordinary human’s, whose colors ranged from a dark pink to cherry red to light blond to snow white. Yes, the females had breasts, but withered ones, which were nearly not noticeable to some extent.                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Jordan paused where she was, benumbed with fright.                                                                                                                                                                                         

The watchel bowed down to collect the dagger that it had trod on. It then straightened up and shot Jordan—who was quivering before it—an intimidating look, or rather a glare.                                                                                                                               

The watchel lying below her bed crawled and picked itself up to its feet, and started toward her, and she sat down moving her gaze from one watchel to the other.                                                                                                                                                                                                

To her amazement, the watchel that was pacing toward her retardedly and inactively with a puffed and bleeding eye, orated for the first time in clear human language, “What shall we do with this pesky little girl here, Seko?”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

“She is just a little girl, Shaba. I feel that we should lay her aside and act as though we did not run into her.”

While the watchels spoke, they uttered words as though they were snakes hissing, their hisses being high-pitched.

Shaba blinked his one eye in fury. “No, Seko. We can’t set her aside like we didn’t come across her. She almost tore my eye off. I can no longer sight anything with this eye of mine that she that she has bruised badly. She must pay for it. After all, she is a human child and not one of our kind. Kill her. Make a slit in her throat with that dirk. Do it now. Or if you can’t, meaning that you are not man enough to go about it, suffer me to do it then.”

Seko delayed.

Shaba, extravagantly annoyed, commanded, “Cast me the damn dirk!”

“Why don’t we consider drilling her eye in return? That would be reasonable and fair, don’t you think?”

“Fine. I will do it myself so that I can verify to you that I am one genuine man. Yes, I am.”

The watchel clasping the dirk eyed Jordan straight away. It stepped toward her—yes, she was still shaking—and suddenly grabbed her throat to raise her up, carrying on to thrust her against the wall.

A quivering and powerless Jordan labored for air, but her unyielding efforts were all in vain.

The watchel established its cutting-edged dagger onto her throat.

At that instant, Jordan was certain that she would die.

Just when the watchel was about to pierce into her throat, Jordan glimpsed her father step into view in the doorway, clutching a bow and arrow, which he swiftly aimed at the back of the unsuspecting watchel. He had one eye compressed shut, and the other one narrowed at his target. His clothing and dark chocolate skin were soiled with blood. Perchance watchel blood.

Within the ticking of a millisecond, the arrow was let off into the air, where it winged nimbly and soundlessly, revolving and winding as it drew close to its unsuspicious prey.

With a quick jab, it penetrated into the back of the watchel, piercing through flesh and veins and even bone, and when blood made contact with it, the venom it contained began its effect, scattering rapidly through the veins and arteries, quickening toward the heart and brain.

As the arrow bore deeper and deeper into the watchel, snapping through bone audibly, it stretched wide its appalling cloudy white eyes, and issued a quietened howl, uncontrollably shivering from excessive pain.

Unhurriedly but surely, it let its hands go off from Jordan’s throat. She could at last breathe.

The moment her uncovered feet crashed down, the poison—having made it to the watchel’s brain in less than three seconds and already taking in hand its proceeding—caused the watchel’s head to detonate as if from a bomb, blowing up its ravenous eyes and ugly lips and pointed ears into innumerable pieces that scattered all over the floor, and had plenty of blood spilled on to the walls and every corner, and eventually trickle down.

Jordan stood to breathe starvingly, all drenched with blood.

The remaining watchel, terrorized, stared at Mubanga, who had by that time pinpointed it with his arrow, and without losing another second, it bolted toward the window, quick as a rabbit.

Mubanga, with one eye sealed, the other one narrowed, released the arrow toward the fleeing being that was just about to throw itself against the enormous window so as to rent it and fall outside.

As it leapt up into the air, the arrow stroked at the back of its throat and appeared out on the other side, tarnished with blood.

The watchel, every inch powerless, failed to make it to the window and tumbled down to the concrete.

Jordan shot her father a hurried glance.

He smiled lately.

And she smiled back. But then, while he still smiled at her, her warm smile was lost to view. She saw a watchel creep up toward him from his back and eventually skip up to choke him.

Jordan screeched in alarm. “Dad. Watch out behind you.”

The watchel tensed its fixed grip, completely preventing Clark from exhaling or inhaling.

He strived for air.

The watchel didn’t seem prepared to yield its hard grip on his throat in spite of all that he attempted to do. Crushed and downcast, he hastened backward on his feet so as to knock it as it had mounted on to his back against the wall.

It collided against the wall with a high-sounding thud.

Still, it did not let go its inflexible grasp.

Mubanga withdrew from the wall and sped toward it another time so as to beat it over the wall once more. There was a deafening bang that vibrated the wall.

Even so, the watchel flexed its clutch.

Mubanga shrank away from the wall and scurried back toward it. This time, as the watchel hammered into the wall, there was an ear-deadening thump that created cracks in the wall and had broken plaster fall down to the floor.

It was that extreme and hugely racking slam that coerced the watchel to let go off Mubanga. It dropped against the wall, strengthless and spent to the very core.

Mubanga spun toward it in no time. He cast a hardened blow into its face, which it evaded by dipping head down. As a result, he landed his fist into the wall, which, without doubt, was excessively painful.

The watchel aimed a revengeful blow into his face.

He eluded it by bending himself downward. Then after he had straightened, he threw a manly and vigorous kick into its chest, and he went on punching its heavy chest with his foot without setting it down till it had slammed into the wall loudly, and the cracks in the wall instantly lengthened and widened so that a segment the wall collapsed, and the watchel fell along with it into another black room, where the broken pieces of the wall piled up on top of it. It met its destruction when a great slice of stone boxed its head and mashed it to jelly, showering off into the alight corridor a pour of blood.

While Mubanga stood, granting the lifeless watchel a black look, two more watchels sprinted toward him from diverse directions in the corridor, seizing sharpened throwing axes.

As the watchels neared him, hurling their glistering axes at him at once, Mubanga took to the air, jumping to be precise, where he spun and spun while moving upward as if acting out a praiseworthy somersault, and he fixed his two hands on each side of the wall, all without descending.

He straightened up his feet so that they pointed toward the ceiling above, his head aiming at the floor beneath him, and his very long and disarranged hair cascaded in the face of the floor.

The move struck dumb his daughter, who was watching, her tongue stuck out of her mouth, her eyes stretched wide in amazement. She disbelieved that her father had just carried that out.

The watchel that had first threw its axe at Mubanga failed to hit him as he sprang up, and therefore whacked its keen-edged axe into the throat of its associate, slashing it off and leaving its comrade headless, all unintentionally.

A disheartened watchel, thwarted with itself, stared up at Mubanga, outraged and appalled.

At that second, Mubanga dropped down, spinning in the air as he progressed toward his awe-struck enemy. He landed on the shoulders of the watchel, jolting his knees against them and fixing them in between there.

The watchel blinked its eyes in shock, confound and bewildered. It seemed as though it had been paralyzed.

Mubanga’s steeled fists battered into the face of this watchel. It stumbled back and lapsed against the wall. Mubanga sprang down to his feet after spinning in the air—a back somersault.

He stared at the watchel, which was somewhat enfeebled and frail, and then momentarily grabbed its axe, which he used to knock it in the face.

The watchel smacked its head into the wall, having been battered by the axe.

Mubanga, prompt like lightning, turned around, the axe being firm in his hand, and he thrust it into the chest of the watchel once he had faced it. The blade severed its way smoothly and pierced out through the back of the watchel, where it smacked into the wall and infixed right in there.

An endless stream of blood ran down the wall.

Mubanga stood quietly, checking out the spiritless and inanimate watchel. Slowly, he turned and faced his daughter, who looked at him silently.

There arose another tramping of feet in the corridor. Legions of watchels were sprinting toward him from both directions, out-crying and equipped with all sorts of weapons. Bows, arrows, spears, axes, shotguns, rifles, knives.

Mubanga revolved and ran away into the room where his daughter was. It was too late. And a fault on his part.

While he ran, his long brown hair flapping behind him in the air, one of the multifold watchels freed an envenomed arrow at him.

The arrow went fast like a bomb, and as he was stepping into the room, it stabbed him in the back, arising out on his chest.

Mubanga, excessively pained, staggered into the room and slammed the door behind him, and even going on to fasten the lock.

Jordan hurried after him, fretful and bothered. “Dad,” she called out.

Mubanga sank down on his knees, shaking forcefully and clenching his teeth from the sharp and growing pain that was afflicting him.

Jordan snatched his hand and reserved it in hers. She looked down at her father, tears emerging and twinkling in her big and ladylike brown eyes.

“Go,” Mubanga muttered, still plagued with immense pain. The poison was in indiscernible operation at that instant. But then it became apparent that he was doomed to departure. Cracks unfolded on his skin, extending and transmuting the color of his skin to a chilling pitch-black. His mouth widened and he roared in pain.

The roar pealed in the entire room.

“No, father,” Jordan screamed.

The watchels, that had reached the door and assembled before it, stroke it with their axes. They stroke and stroke until the axes poked deeper and deeper, splintering and renting wood.

“Flee,” Mubanga charged his daughter. “I’m already dead. The poison will finish me off in a little while. And there is nothing that you can do to restore me to faultless health.”

“I’m trapped in here. I am dying with you.”

“You are not dying with me.”

“Yes, I am.”

“You are not entrapped either. Go to the closet and open it and oust out all the clothes. You will espy a small opening in the wall. It is Bryant who made it. He made it particularly for you, so that should any calamity result, you would have the means of escaping out. Go on. It is only you who can crawl through the hole alone. And no one else.”

Jordan wavered, uncertain as to whether she should forsake her father to perish behind her back.

“Go,” Mubanga ordered.

At that note, she quickened toward the closet, then split up its doors and cast out all the vestments hung inside, which belonged to her. She saw the hole—a circular and petite and plastered one. No adult could crawl inside there apart from a small kid like her.

For a while, Jordan stood doubtful, looking aimlessly at the hole in front of her. The strong groans and quiverings of her dying father vexed her. Could she surely leave him behind to perish on his own? She wasn’t certain.

Just when she had stirred toward the hole, the axes that had poked into the door from diverse corners, splintered it so that it fell down. A host of noisy watchels darted into the room.

Mubanga had by then leveled his arrow toward the door, which he set free without delay. It struck the first watchel to step into the room in the throat, and down it collapsed, striving to inhale or exhale.

Quickly, he reached for a fresh arrow, and then another and another, and he projected them all at the rapid-moving watchels. In the lapse of forty seconds, dozens of watchel corpses were lying down, immobile and having toxic arrows infixed in their bodies.

The watchels began retreating from the room as they learnt that more and more of them were being shot down to their consummation. Mubanga took a deep breath in relaxation, reclining over the wall.

It was another misdoing on his part. While he relaxed, a huge watchel tramped into the doorway and aimed an arrow at him for a breathless and soundless second, and then suddenly let it fly off toward him.

Mubanga was hit between the eyes. The arrow pierced through his skull and into his brain and furthermore bore its way out through the back of his head, even going on to plummet and transfix itself deep in the wall.

There, Mubanga departed, his eyes frozen wide open, his tongue ejected out of his mouth, blood oozing down his immovable face.

The spectacle was extremely painful and intolerable for Jordan to watch. She observed it all. Her father dying such a very agonizing and exceedingly awful death. Yet she could not help it but suffer tears to gleam their way out of her large and excessively elegant eyes. God, she was just so damn beautiful!

With her father breathless, reclining there over the wall, and his head riveted to the wall by the arrow, Jordan turned abruptly and ran toward the hole. The watchels that were filling up in the room pursued her.

She hastily jumped into the hole and then crept away in the extreme blackness, fast and on guard. A hand captured her foot while she advanced away. She solely felt it. Then there was a short-lived and threatening growl.

Jordan warred back, hauling her seized foot. At long last, her foot slipped off freely, leaving one empty sock in the hand of the determined watchel.

She edged away curtly. Soon, she reached a corner and dragged herself into a bigger and moreover lightless hole where the opening was progressing.

Arrows were shot quite very late behind her, only to strike on nothing save for plaster-clothed wall. Had not Jordan sped into the wider hole, she would died as well.

The hole led her into an enormous tunnel that she had no idea at all to have existence. It was lightened with old-fashioned and dusty fluorescent light bulbs. Nervously, she walked in h this tunnel until she came across a decomposed door, that she knocked open with an effortless kick and eventually strolled out into a gigantic and hushed forest.

Here, Jordan shook from the terrific cold till she fell down on the dirt, her hands squeezed to herself while she juddered fiercely. She didn’t know what came off next. Not at all. Her eyes forcibly shut on their own at a snail’s pace and the pain that she was experiencing—both physically and emotionally—was lost feeling right that moment. It was like the world had stopped dead all of a sudden, nevermore to spin and come back to life once more.













CHAPTER TWO: IVANA VALESQUEZ

When Ivana Valesquez, a beautiful golden-skinned preserver with long golden brown hair and lovely smokey blue eyes, ran into an unmoving and unconscious Jordan in the dark forest, she assumed that she was in all likelihood lifeless and was not even human.

The season before she caught sight of an expressionless Jordan, she and her two brothers, Diego and Enrique Valesquez, were all mounting separate horses that streaked their way in the forest with the greatest swiftness, leaping into sight from bunched rocks and proceeding past them without meeting any difficulties, and even moving easily and yet swiftly underneath clustered and perilous trees, all without crashing their heedful riders to immediate death.

The family of three were following a herd of seemingly out of track watchels that they had met while straying about in the forest at nightfall. The chase had demanded hours of their unmoved attention and diligent efforts, and within that hour, they had so far butchered down a multitude of the watchels that were bolting on naked feet, scampering faster to some extent than the speedy and persevering horses.

Diego, golden-skinned like his sister, with prolonged brown hair and glowing brown eyes—as well as being aged twenty—scaled a light brown and yet dark brown tailed horse, lifting a hurling blade (whose keen blade was rotund-shaped and which in addition had a cylindrical wooden handle where the keen blade was fixed in, so that, once flung, it would unfailingly fly off to mince where it was that it had been tossed to, and even return back to the bestower after carrying through with its purpose).

Enrique, the sole one who was swarthy skinned, with overly long sable-colored hair reaching his bottom, and gleaming black eyes, as well as being heavily muscular and large and aged thirty-three, settled on a dark horse, his forceful hand clinging on to a lengthy axe which was double-sided at both the wield and the headpiece, and which could likewise be launched at the rival so as to chop him up and eventually wing its way back to its sender.

Ivana, bold and well-set apart from being overwhelmingly beautiful, sat with her back arched forward on the horse, hard-faced and never withdrawing her gaze from the limitless flow of trees ahead of her. She wasn’t shit-scared in any way. Not at all.

The weapon seized in her hand was a B441 Fate Arrow Shooter, which could discharge four long arrows at once, making them fly off a kilometer within three seconds, and proceeding on at that very same fastest speed until they would strike on something.

When the horses were at last galloping on a clear expanse containing a handful trees, settled and fast in their direction after the fleeing watchels, Ivana, her eyes immovable from the fleeing watchels, took out six arrows that were infixed in a leather bag swinging over her back, then placed them into the shooter, and picked the trigger. Three seconds later, six watchels lay down dead, punctured by arrows from back to chest. They had been running one behind the other, and as the six arrows were freed toward them all at once, they had cut their way through from one watchel to the other, entering the back of each watchel in their entirety six, and leaving out the chest of each watchel in their whole six, until all the targeted watchels were dead, and then they had all clung into the bark of a stony-like giant tree, having pierced their way through a few plastic and yielding barked trees.

Diego darted his hurling blade towards a group of three watchels that were advancing close to each other, framing a triangle to be specific. The hurling blade, angled at the three of them, soared toward them, and hewed off the head of the left-behind watchel, and, winging its way in a triangular direction, sliced another watchel into two starting from rib to rib, and in the long run, going on to gash the last watchel from its back and out through its abdomen, having thumped against a rocky tree and taken off into the air at heightened speed toward the unaware watchel.

When the hurling blade had flew back to Diego, he caught it without making the slightest nick on his hand, and even rubbed off the blood smudging its blade using his wind-flailed shirt. The blood stains remained on his white shirt.

Enrique, whose horse, Flerry, was streaking ahead of the others, reached the last watchel in a number of approximately fourteen or so, which was dashing with an observable limp, as it had cut off its foot on a corroded piece of metal, and knocked it lifeless down to the chilly ground with a crushing jam of his axe over to its back.

He went on after the proceeding watchel, which put on a burst of speed, making an immense gap between it and his horse. The watchels were the fastest thing that Enrique had ever chased, even sprinting faster than a cheetah. They could run for seventy-two hours, transposable to three days, without tiring, and after then could their rapidity weaken, meaning that they were heart and soul drained and enervated to almost no strength. Following that, they required three more days to retrieve their complete vigor. 

When the watchel that Enrique was pursuing sheered off from the others, he neglected it to pursue its peers. He didn’t give a damn whether it survived or not. Its peers, being abundant, mattered to him more. He followed them, and Diego went after him.

The same was not any true with Ivana. Her horse, which was galloping behind the two others, changed track and sped after the lonesome and unaccompanied watchel.

The watchel took note. And it instantly raised its speed. Ivana’s horse mounted its acceleration too, whining.

As the horse drew near to the tenacious watchel, Ivana foresaw where it was headed to—toward a huge tree that had branches closing off the way. Of course, the watchel could simply duck its head and pass through. And the horse (named Queck) could dip its head too so as to go through as well. But Ivana herself, no, she was undeniably going to ram herself against a branch and fall down to the ground head-first. Which was highly dangerous.

In a flash, Ivana rose herself and kneeled on the back of the horse, ready to jump. Just when the horse had plunged its head down so as to move underneath the branch, she leapt before it had neared it, long enough to permit her to spin forward in the air, her hands widened out like an eagle’s, her knees crouched, her back crooked, and she launched down on a branch, her legs straightened, her hands still pulled out like an eagle’s so that she was able to balance herself, her crooked back made straight.

She scanned for the watchel that had stopped to see what would come off to her. Queck had stopped too and revolved towards her to wail. 

The watchel, thwarted, turned to flee.

It was too late. Ivana did not delay to fetch an arrow and insert it into the shooter and moreover pick the trigger. Three seconds later, the watchel knocked into a tree, shot in the arm.

She hopped down.

It staggered three steps straight away, seeking to flee.

When it turned back toward its unpitying enemy, it saw that the shooter was already aimed at its other shoulder.

Without unloosening her much desired breath, Ivana set free the arrow, grave-faced.

The arrow speared the watchel and then carried it off so as to pin it against a large tree where it jabbed into, and got stuck there, right next to the bark. It parted its ugly lips, and it voiced out a deafening and sickening cry, having been extremely pained.

Ivana pinpointed its leg, which she striked to the tree, and then the other, which she transfixed as well. Having finished this, she leveled the shooter at its forehead.

The watchel entreated, in human tongue and faultless English, “Please spare me.”

Ivana paused, releasing that breath that she had long withheld.

“Spare me please.”

“Shut up!” She snapped at the watchel, fiercely angry.

“I give my word, if you let me live, I will never hurt another human being again. I mean it. I absolutely do mean it. I truly do.”

“I said shut up!”

The plea was a soft one. “Please spare me.”

Ivana looked angrily straight into the cloudy white eyes of the watchel. Eight years ago, when she was sixteen, she gave birth to a lovely girl, Isabella, who was ripped to immediate death during a watchel raid, and her good-looking husband, Eric Simwaka (dark-haired and gray-eyed [just like her] and a warm and affectionate man), had been speared to death during that same raid. She could not let slip from the memory the voracious watchels that uprooted her family. Their appearance was exactly the same as that of this defenseless watchel before her. They were ugly, even to themselves, and eternally dressed in filthy and smelling and tattered clothes. Always.

Since the deprivation of her dearest family, Ivana had abhorred all watchels to consummate death, and she vowed to herself that she would do her damnedest best to sweep them off from the face of this world. And that nothing at all would prevent her from completing it. Nothing but death.

While she stood, having walked very close to the watchel that now took her stand just sniffing distance away from her, with her shooter stayed on its forehead, she looked at it through tearful eyes, sighting both it and her deceased dearest ones.

In one tearful eye, there was Isabella and Eric—Isabella screaming for help, twitching and looking for ways and means to break free off from the watchels that were grabbing her, grabbing her into a frightening dark room where there were laid up axes and saws and matchets. And which they put to use in silencing her forever.

Eric, on the other hand, was battling against a group of watchels that surrounded him and each one of them speared him to death with gleaming swords from every angle.

“Mom, help me.”

Eric got down on his knees, writhing in uttermost pain. “Ivana, I will always love you, even in death, I will die loving you.”

“Mom. Help!”

“Ivana! I love…you.”

“Please, spare me. I know that I am the worst enemy to mankind. But please, do spare me, I beg you.”

It was hard and painful, but Ivana eventually did it. She slowly turned away from the watchel and began to step away from it, leaving it transfixed to the tree (stabbed there on both thighs and one arm, as the other arm had only just been transpierced, but was not gummed to the tree).

While she walked away, leaving the watchel muttering a lowly, “Thank you,” she sensed sudden movement—yes, the one produced by it—and at that instant, she realized that it was attempting to kill her. Damn you, traitor, she thought.

Behind her, the watchel had fetched a throwing knife from the pocket of its tattered trousers, noiselessly and in a concealed manner, all without taking in that Ivana had by then picked up on it. It made use of its wounded and bleeding and unbound hand. And yes, it was going to score her right in the back.

Shortly before the watchel slung the knife at her, she unexpectedly ran one or two steps, and then skipped up into the air—a backward somersault.

While she moved in the air, the knife went beneath her.

She did a stunning somersault that had her land in a standing where she was facing the watchel, glaring at it. It met her outraged gaze and trembled.

With its wounded hand, the watchel reached for the arrow fastening its arm to the tree, holding that it could remove it and then jam it into Ivana’s throat.

It was a bad and erroneous move.

Just when it felt the painful arrow with its frightful fingers, Ivana’s boot landed on its belly, and, with the utility of her toes, she pressed down the interior flooring of her boot, so that a short cutting knife issued from it, driving its way into the watchel’s stomach and slicing its intestines.

It stiffened there, gummed to the tree, perfectly dead.

Then, frowning and snuffling, Ivana put her foot down and at that moment, the blood-daubed knife vanished back into the shoe flooring.

She rotated, and for the first time caught sight of Jordan, who lay down on the frost-bitten ground, her hair sprawled on the dirt beneath her, her eyes closed up, being totally insensitive to anything and perfectly unmoving. Queck, her sable-colored horse, stood over her, whining down at her. And it was only after Ivana had drawn nearer that she learned more about what Queck had discovered.








AUTHOR’S NOTICE: Proceeding are the first two chapters of my in-progress novel, Killing Alex.

CHAPTER ONE: SUICIDE GIRL

To be honest with you, at times I do wish that I was dead. Every inch and consummately dead. Dead like those two boys, Taylor and Elliot, whose deaths I am responsible for. I didn’t mean to do it. I just did it unwillingly and forcedly. That is what always happens when I break the rules. That is how things always end up whenever I become a little bit stupid and stubborn and yielding and careless. Awful and dire.

Taylor died on Valentine’s Day two years ago. He died before my very own eyes and those of everyone around, helpless and remediless. His death was so galling and frightful.

Elliot died in his car, having driven me home from the party that we had just attended. He gave up the ghost right in his seat, with I myself keeping a hand on his once-warm-but-now-suddenly-cold-cheek, and it was after we had kissed vehemently and intensely.

In all my life, it was these two boys whom I had dated and fell in love with. There were no other. And there would be other, it seemed. Taylor and Elliot. I had loved them more than anything else. More than my own breath and existence itself.

I sighed to myself as I thought about all this, sitted down on my enormous bed, my feet tucked and crossed over each other, my hands wielding a sharply knife which I would soon use to root out my life. It had been enough already. Eighteen years of living hell so far. Eighteen years of torture and torment and endless actual nightmares and agony and anguish. I would put an end to everything now, without delay.

I still remembered the day I came across Taylor La Vey. I was a self-conscious and shrinking sixteen year old back then. Guiltless and inoffensive and lawful. I ran into him while wandering about Vickensmont West High School’s extensive corridors, lost and gone out of track. Without foreseeing it, I hit into this tall and blond and overly enormous boy. He was well-built with the perfect muscles and a lovely male visage that any female would effortlessly fall for. Everything about his appearance was just plain damn…sterling!

“I’m sorry,” I grumbled an immediate apology, shame-faced and angry with myself.

“There is no need to; I am equally to blame as well; I wasn’t minding where I was going.”

Taylor had a lovely and sugary-like voice. One that you would like to be all ears to all day long; one that you would fall in love with just on the phone without ever bothering to find out the appearance of the individual it belonged to.

After helping me gather up my scattered books, I had paced away, leaving him standing there before the lockers on his own, and when I spun back to look at him he was still gazing and marveling at me. Little did I know that he was the guy whom I would share the microscope with in the laboratory during the Biology session. My God, he looked so graceful, spell-binding even! Even though his attire was modest and simple—blue jeans and a yellow shirt and a white coat—with that spiked up hair of his taken into account, he looked…totally divine!

That was the moment I fell in love with him. Not on our first encounter. Though later on he did admit it to me that he fell in love with me the first time he unexpectedly laid eyes on me.

School was just awesome and mind-blowing with Taylor around. Every day I was in Biology, sitted there next to him with him looking and making eyes at me throughout the whole span that we stayed in class, I felt like I was in seventh heaven. Many times the professor would notice him and pass comment on how absorbed some of his students were starting to fall in love—not mentioning out names, but speaking in a manner that made it obvious by peeking in Taylor’s direction as he spoke—but still, Taylor did not ever quit making sheep’s eyes at me.

It took him eight straight weeks to eventually ask me out. All this while, we were just friends that met and chatted and cracked jokes and laughed together during Biology. Whenever the two of us had a word or two and laughed and giggled what’s more, everyone’s attention would move and abide on us until we were over with whatever affair it was that we were going about.

This was how it went the day Taylor expressed his feelings to me:

After Biology, he ran to catch up with me in the protracted corridor, yelping out, “Sophia! Sophia Solochi!”

I turned over to him, seizing my books, which I had planned to lay by and then lock them up in my locker. “Yes, Taylor.”

He came to a final halt before me, breathing and sighing heavily. “What will you be doing tonight? My friend’s brother—Aaron I mean—is having a party. Aaron himself would like you there. I let him know that we are best friends. What do you say?”
 
I mused about it for a little bit while. “Sure. They say never say never. I will attend that party.”

“Thank you so much. One more thing. Look your very best. I beg you. I want to dance with you tonight.”

Smiling joyously, I replied, “I probably will.”

It was while we were dancing that very night when Taylor had began. “Sophia.”

I looked up at him warmly. “Yes, Taylor.”

“What would be your response if I told you that I love you?”

I giggled in absurd excitement. “My response? It would be that you are joking.”

He looked hurt in some way. “Sophia, I love you.”

“Is that a joke? Another one from you?”

“I am not joking, Sophia.” We stopped dancing right that moment and looked at each other quietly and gravely. 

“Taylor…I…I…”

“I do mean what I say, Sophia.”

His eyes showed it. “I can tell,” I observed.

“And what is your saying? I want to hear it straight from you. Do you love me or not?”

“I do, Taylor.”

“You do?” He was suddenly happy and buoyant. 

“Yes, I do!”

Squirming and yelling out in joy, he cuddled and squeezed me tightly to himself. I could hardly breath. In any case, he did not kill me. No, he did not.

Onward to the Valentine’s he died. We were dancing, steadily and happily, just like on the day that he proposed to me and I in turn accepted his proposal. He was neatly and excellently dressed in an immaculate black suit, one that suited and harmonized with his disheveled blond hair, and his scent…he smelled of cologne and some sort of mannish lush perfume that I had never come across until now.

I myself on the other hand—I put on a flowing and cleanly and well-designed black dress. Yes, to match and harmonize with his black suit.

“You look lovely and blameless,” he nibbled into my ear as we swayed this way and that way, much to my delectation and enjoyment.

I smiled eventually and whispered back, “Thank you. I am as gorgeous as you happen to be as well.”

He smiled back, staring down into my eyes while poking and ramming his nose gently over mine. We were breathing distance away from each other. And it was then that he kissed me, fervid and vehement.

“Taylor,” I whispered between the hurried and ungovernable kisses, trying to pull back from him, but he was strong and he towed me over to myself. “Taylor, let us stop, this is not right…Taylor…”

“I am enjoying this, baby, ain’t you?”

“Taylor…”

The next moment he was on the floor, salivating and throwing out blood. Mouthfuls and liters of blood to be precise. As he spat out the blood, he writhed in pain and twisted and turned and rolled and crawled on his belly, screaming and yelping out to no one in particular. Just when his eyes had began rolling white, I screamed out, shaky and affrightened. “Taylor!”

Elliot Tonela. I loved him. I cared about him. How many nights I have wept and mourned over his death and loss I cannot recount. To be truthful with you, I am so pained and grieved by his departure. This is a boy I loved more than I had come to love anyone, a boy who stood up for me whenever I needed him and who in the very end died right in my own arms before my very own reach and touch. Elliot. I still do love you. Even if you are no more. Gone, forever.

Elliot was both the bad boy and soccer leading man, or hero I should say, in our school. Blair High, Downtown Kabwe, Central Zambia. I came to learn about him after my friend, Jessica Knowles, insisted every afternoon about how we had to go and watch the football matches that happened on a daily basis in our school’s enormous playfield.

First, I would sit humbly and attentively with her and watch the boys play until Elliot glanced about and happened to accidentally run into my eyes. Ever since then, he did not take his eyes or watchfulness away from me. I was without fail what he looked at and dreamt about and adored as much as he cherished his own dearest life. I was that one and only true love in his life.

He was already friends with Jessica. Not genuine and sincere friends per say. They did know each other and greeted and talked and laughed. And after my discovery, he went on to pay more attention and concern to her. All in the hopes of getting closer to me and then finally open out about how he was dying and very much willing to become my man and protector. 

Yes, his plan did work though. Yupeee! It surely did. And why am I celebrating you may wonder? Because deep down my heart I prayed and dreamt and hoped that the boy would notice me and well…make a move on me. I am glad that he did.

Our relationship did not last that much long. It wasn’t destined to. It all ended badly with Elliot losing his life and I myself being contested and warred for by his friends and cousins to be their next girlfriend. I hate to admit it. But as much as I hate it, I just have to acknowledge it. I feel like I am assuredly nice-looking. Beautiful even. 

No, I am not stuck-up or self-seeking or self-praising. I am not. At times I do look this plain and terribly ugly in the mirrors and photos—I cringe away from giant mirrors that make me look rather irregular and foreign; and at other times, I am this lovely and adorable. I don’t get. How does beauty behave? Do we have it in one moment and then in another second it slips away just like that? That is what it seems like.

***Flashback***

“Mommy, am I beautiful?”

“Yes, sweetheart, you are!”

“Then why don’t you allow me to go out on dates with boys I like just like the other girls do?”

My mother, with a very disappointed and frightened face, disclosed, “The curse doesn’t authorize us to date or fall in love, Sophia. You are aware of the consequences of doing so, aren’t you?”

“To hell with those consequences.”

“Tell me, have you been seeing any boy.”

I did not reply anything. 

“Sophia, did you sleep or have sex with some boy?”

“I’d never do that, mother. I respect myself and my future husband too.”

“You are not going to have any future husband, sweetheart. You know it. You are not going to marry or even get married. That won’t ever happen.”

“Don’t say that, mother. I want to marry one day; I really want to.”

“You won’t, Sophia; you know very well that that is an impossibility.”

“No way!”

“Sophia!”

***Flashback cut out***

Mother was right. I won’t marry; and I will never get married; and for that one reason, I’d rather be a dead man. Or a dead girl if you prefer.

That said and thought over, I knew what I had to do with the knife that I was clutching in my hands.

Suicide is no easy thing. We all want to live; we all want to live life to our very best; we all want to have those foremost and leading things that we can possibly have in this life; and if we cannot have them and instead we are unhappy and broken-hearted and hapless, what better alternative than to put an end to our being and existence itself?

I don’t know why. But in spite of wielding the knife and assuring myself that I was going to thrust it into my stomach, I just could not get the power and zeal and spirit to accomplish that. Mother. I thought about her. Kris Ortiz. What would she do without me? I was her one and only daughter. The only girl she adored more than anything in this world. Yes, even more than her own happiness and well-being. Was this how I was going to repay her for everything that she had done for me? By killing and depriving her of my companionship and intercourse. No, that was not being fair, or was it?

That night, while it poured hard and showered and thundered outside, I dreamt about Elliot. These days, ever since I had become so humiliated and depressed and chilled about where my life was going, I had been experiencing frequent and endless and incessant nightmares. Nightmares about I myself wedding with fire-winged and hellish-looking demons and devils; nightmares about enraged and murderous-looking mobs and throngs of people swarming over me and chasing me and stoning and hitting and beating me up and calling me a witch sent from the devil himself; nightmares about the entire town gossiping and prattling and gibbering about how cursed I had been in killing any man that happened to be drawn in toward me.

Kris and I have kept this a secret to ourselves. That we are beautiful but cursed. No one else apart from the two of us knows our condition; not our friends or neighbors. We always do what we can to avoid men that become interested in us. If we were so inconsiderate and unmindful—sure, just like in my nightmare—the whole town would without doubt know about our curse and go on to gabble and gossip and dish on the dirt to others about us. And what would we do from there? Nothing but move away to some…far away town or place?

Kris and I have switched towns like mad. Endlessly even. Since I met Taylor two years ago, we have relocated more than fifteen times. At least seven times in a distinct and separate year. This curse, it has just made our lives so miserable and a painful living hell altogether.

I have met numerous and wonderful very good-looking boys. Boys that I wished I had the time and effort to get to know them much better and familiarize with them. Boys I would have fallen in love with so helplessly had I tarried longer in their reach and presence. But then it was for the better that I stayed away from them and move entirely out of their promising lives. I would do nothing but ruin and wreck their lives for them.

Kris met my father, Eugene, when she was at university. She studied Literature (bachelor’s degree) and she got a masters and a PHD in Creative Writing and Economics. All her life, she has wanted to be a published writer and author altogether. But she fears what would come off her life if she produces something successful and popular enough to unravel out our actual private life and the secrets that we are drawing a veil on. To her, fame and popularity can be quite detrimental. Very much indeed.

Like me in times past, she cast away all the rules and went on pursuing my father. No, not chasing and stalking and bugging him up to marry and wed her. She hanged out in places where he was fond of dropping by with the hopes that he would…see her. He did! I remember the words Kris herself used that other day she was recounting to me about how the two of them had met up.

“Your father, he was the lucky and winning womanizer. Every month, he had to court and take to bed a different girl. It was a game and contest that he and his shallow-minded peers played. And he played it so well and in such a staggering and mind-blowing manner. I fell for him on our first encounter; and as I behaved a little bit stupid and yet strangely different from all the other girls, he hesitated on whether to go for me or not to. When other guys appeared interested and began making moves on me, he acted fast for fear of losing me. I had to go about being unyielding and a little bit inane, just to give him a cruel and laborious time. Which I sure did.”

The story altered. “I remember the day he died. The day the curse hit and destroyed him. I was four months pregnant with you, Sophia. And we were staying together. We had just moved in and every time I did feel that our happiness was short-lived and going nowhere. I couldn’t help it. There were nights when I woke up weeping and crying and your father would be waked by my noise and hug me and shush me and ask me what the problem was. I just couldn’t tell him. There was no way for me to figure out how I was going to let out things to him. How was I supposed to tell a man I deeply and sincerely loved that he was soon going to be dead for loving and sticking on to me?”

In my bedroom, there are pictures of Eugene Solochi. He looks just like me in some way. I have light brown hair, black eyes, and golden-colored skin. That is what Eugene precisely had. But then, I look more like my mother. Kris herself is brown-haired, brown-eyed and pale-skinned. I share more of her facial symmetry and body shapeliness and curves. We are very much alike.

The morning following my nightmare, on Tuesday 14 August 2018, I woke up at five to strive and withstand the temptation and almost overpowering feeling to head back to bed and sleep again. I went on to sit in the living room, close to the still afire burning place, where I tossed in a handful of stony-like but long-burning wood, and here, I fetched the diary that I had carried with me and began scribbling the words:

Kris and I moved to Brownton two days ago. The town is this big and wonderful and amazing; the people here have been good and kindly to us; our neighbors always check in to bring us gifts and presents of all sorts. There is this funny thing though. Ninety per cent of my presents are from boys. Or men I should rather specify. Young men. Two boys from our neighboring house, Jack and Joshua Zimba, who are brothers, I must what’s more add, brought me my current alarm clock and newly-shopped romance novels and an enormous blank diary that I have to fill in and a glittery-like pen that scrawls with shining and glimmering ink and wholly nice-looking teddy bears and sweet-most and pretty flowers and a nice and very new pair of jeans and—their biggest and final present, an old-dated but still functioning and superbly operative laptop. Jack said that it belonged to him and he was giving it over to me as it had a highly effective and powerful browser with which I would surf the net and research up any assignment that I might have. Words cannot adequately express my gratitude to these two adorable and loving brothers.

Charlie Wooding, the blond boy from next door, brought me blooming and freshly flowers and a nice new hat and a cake written ‘Welcome Sophia and Kris to Brownton,’ which he said his grandmother, Sally Wooding, had supposedly baked. It was so sweet and tasty and pleasant that I had not tasted anything marvelous like it before.

Edward Halucha, the leggy and well-built and highly handsome bachelor from four houses down the street, brought me an expensive perfume he had picked for me while on a recent trip to Spain, and which he said he had bought from one of the Spanish royal family members themselves. He showed me photos of himself in Spain and this Maria Theresa Castillo woman whom he said was married to a grandchild of the Queen of Spain Herself. She was holding the perfume itself and smiling at the camera happily, appropriately dressed in a very expensive and far-reaching yellow dress that had an Indian look and elegance to it. On top of that, Edward brought me paintings and cookers and cutlery and carvings and dresses and boots from Spain itself! Everything he handed me screamed, “Spanish! Spanish! Spanish! And more Spanish!”

I will end here. Ten other men brought me diverse and unlike things. I cannot list them all or else my diary would be filled up and…become something else rather alien and outlandish. And I don’t want that to happen. This is strictly a diary. Not some detail-everything-to-the-very-last-bits sort of book. No way! That said and made clear, I am still muchly grateful and indebted to everyone who have brought me something from the depths and very bottom of their hearts, I fathom. Diary, goodbye!

I had an interview at nine. At Brownton University, where I wanted to study Fashion and Design. Not to become a model specifically. Clothes designing and artifice were my thing and talent. I habitually dreamt that one day I would come to be this fortunate and lucky and prosperous designer with my very own corporation and list of celebrities endorsed. But then for that to happen, I had to work very, very, very and sincerely hard. Nothing was going to come on a silver plate, free and un-worked-for. Not in this racking and toilsome world of ours. Not here.

After an effortless and slight warm showering, I stepped back into my bedroom, half-naked and clothed with a long white towel. By half-naked I do not mean that all my breasts were uncovered and denuded. I know. In our house Kris and I were the only living things around. Living humans to be point-on. Females exclusively. Who would care if we looked at each other naked? But then, ever since we had moved in here, we were occasionally bombarded with endless knocks and visits from our male neighbors. Not all of them being bachelors and unmarried. It was best that we put on something after washing, just so certain occurrences would not come about by accident.

Before my tall mirror—yes, I still disliked enormous mirrors, bit in this case, I had no alternative than to tolerate them—I slipped on a gray skirt suit and gray shoes and combed my hair straight and then tied it at the back of my head with a fastener. I looked…fine and superb. No qualms and misgivings about it.

Shortly afterwards, while I was hopping down the stairs, Kris cropped up into the living room, carrying a plate of cup cakes with one hand. She gestured over to me and voiced out, “Come and have breakfast, will you?”

“No, thank you.” I rushed past her off into the kitchen and she right away followed me.

“You are going to have an interview on an empty stomach, Sophia, are you?”

“I will eat later, mom.” I tossed open the door of our tall refrigerator and began looking about with worried and anxious eyes. 

“I don’t want you collapsing and passing out while the interview is still running.”

“I won’t pass out, mother.”

“Your stomach will groan and creak. And that will be an embarrassment before the interviewer. Eat something please.”

“Nope. I will give an apology if that happens. I have never heard of an interviewee who was kicked away from the interview for the sole reason that they were famished and had their stomach groaning and lamenting.”

When I glanced at Kris, she scowled at me, rolling her eyes what’s more. “You are stubborn, you know that, do you?” She asked me.

I grabbed out cheese and caned coke from the fridge and then heated scones from the oven, which I packed into a lunch box, before I responded back to her. “Sometimes to get your way in life, mother, you have to be this firm and persevering. That is how life largely works.”

Kris dropped her mouth open. “Even if it will cost you your dear life and brilliant future itself, you just have to be willful and pig-headed, isn’t that what you are trying to say?”

“One starved meal will not kill me, mother. A gone-wrong interview won’t ever destroy my entire future. Don’t you get it? It is that plain and simple, isn’t it?”

“I have no extended arguments with you.”

“Thank you very much. I will be taking my leave now. See you later!”

“Bye, sweetie! What about my kiss?”

“I will be late if I come back for it. Reserve it for next time.”

It was showering and drizzling when I drove my way out of the below-ground garage, and on I proceeded my way, away from our newly-bought house, sighing and exhaling out in easement. I would be through the interview. Yes, I would make it through without any troubles and hindrances. If any would arise, I had to know how to tackle and grapple them.

While my car sped on the not-so busy road, I played on some music—Stephanie Kaoma’s ‘Love is Waiting Around the Corner’ and Martin Drunkman’s ‘Watch Me As I Walk into Your Life.’ These were two slow romantic songs that I liked like nothing else. Every day I awakened from my sleep, I had to put them on to freshen and vitalize and enliven up my day. Is life ever possible without love? I don’t think so.

Twenty minutes after, I eventually made it to Brownton University. The drizzle was still present and ongoing. Shit! I had forgotten my umbrella back home and I wondered how I was going to make my way out in the rain. For that mistaking, I had to pay by getting drenched and wet. I surely had to.

As I was about to park my car, I hit into this lusciously-colored but olden-looking red car that was about to proceed its way out of the parking lot. My bonnet smashed into its tail-lights, shattering and wrecking them and the bonnet itself splintering up to some degree; my heartbeat quickened up. How had such a thing come to happen? How? And what would I do now? What? 

 





















CHAPTER TWO: DANGEROUSLY FALLING IN LOVE

For a moment or two, I could not breathe. No matter how hard I tried to, my lungs stiffened and they could not endorse any air to freely make its way in or out. It was impossible to go about. While I sat still in my seat, frozen and iced up like actual ice itself, I processed everything that had happened as quickly and orderly as it had come to take place.

What had I just done? What was I thinking, inattentive and careless enough to smash into another car that was moving backwards toward mine? Was I prepared and able to meet the consequences of this accident, costly and high-priced they were? Was I really prepared to meet and fulfill them?

In no time, the door of the car that I had just slammed into swung open and a tall and potent-looking boy came out, seeming every way infuriated and nettled. His brow was creased and rumpled up, just like the skin beneath his eyes right above his nose. Shit! I was doomed to death! I sure was. The young man would without doubt kill me. He sure would.

Having made it to my car, he threateningly slapped a furious hand on the window of my vehicle. I blenched in my seat as I looked on at him. As my car had dark-tinted windows, he could not see me. But I myself on the other hand, I could discern and make him out very well. Very well indeed.

“Get the hell out of this car right now!” The man bellowed out, shaking and vibrating continually from excessive fury.

I quickly wound my window down and peeked out at him. He glared down at me instantly and our gazes locked, instantly and never-endingly. I was the one who first stirred—blinking my eyes and shifting about while declaring, “I am really sorry; I was just about to come out.”

Without hesitation, I slung the door open and stepped out, restless and anxious. What was going to happen to me? What would precisely come off me? What? What exactly?

Once I had took my stand in the faint glimmering sunlight—it had shortly just ceased to shower—I faced the man and uttered in a trembling voice, “Sir, I am really sorry for what happened. I truly am.” 

Something had changed. No, not the weather; not the slight and yet existent sunlight; not the surrounding or environment about us. The glare in the man’s eyes—recently fervid and murderous—had been replaced by a gentle and short-lived ogling. In a matter of minutes, the man shook off his head to regain back his senses. He looked startled and bewildered at the same time. And for a time I stayed quiet, expecting harsh and ill-natured words from him, which, fortunately, he did not come to voice out.

To my shock, his foremost words were, “Is this your first time driving? I mean are you new at this? Steering a vehicle?”

What a great difference and contrariety to what I was expecting! Instead of receiving cruel and inhuman words, I got sweetly and caring words. My heart was so melted and stirred by that. It was as though my very own ears had deceived me. Had they?

“This is not my first time driving,” I answered nevertheless.

The man narrowed his eyes at me as if intending to glower. He didn’t do that in any case. It was shock and dubiety on his part which had triggered that behavior, I later on found out. That was what it seemed to be. Sure.

“I am really sorry.”

“There is no need to say that. We all do make mistakes you know. Big mistakings like this one.”

I uplifted my eyebrows. “You mean you are not offended by me—”

He cut me short straight away. “I am not. It was just the tail-lights that got ruined. I can fix them easily and cheaply.”

“Are you a mechanic?”

“Sort of. Alex Ramirez is my name, and I am in my third year of studying Engineering at this university. May I know your name and where you come from?”

“I am Sophia Solochi; I am new in this town and the university itself.”

“You are quite a charming lady, I must acknowledge, Sophia.”

I smiled weakly and shyly, dreading where our conversation was heading to. Would he not estrange and alienate all of a sudden without a sound reason? To be upright with you, I was the one at fault here, and for that reason, I had to accept whatever it was that was going to come my way. Anything at all. “Thank you, Alex.” My response was weakly and unsound and shaky, just like I had meant it to be.

Following that, Alex looked at my bonnet. It was so…damaged. But not overly wrecked. Each time that I would drive from now on, it had to go on yawning and gaping wide open. Like a slit and mangled shoe which you have put on while walking. People would obviously stare and deride my car, which I was averse to see happen about.

“I may fix that as well,” Alex added on. 

What? No way! I would not let him. I was fortunate enough that he was not going to let me handle responsibilities for the damage of his car. That was enough, wasn’t it? And now I let him furthermore be accountable for the repairing and mending of my car? It was so unfair and insincere. Yes, it was.

“Alex.”

“Yes.” His eyes immediately veered to me.

“I can’t let you…I mean I cannot let you bear the accountability of the piecing of my car. It would be too much and unjust and one-sided and insulting of me, don’t you think so?”

“I don’t.”

“You don’t?”

“Yes, I don’t.”

“But—”

I was cut off before I had ventured any further. “I am a mechanic, Sophia. Not a professional and schooled one to be truthful. My father is the schooled and familiarized mechanic, and I learnt everything from him. If I ask him out, I am positive that he will give me a helping hand in the fixing of your car. I am not asking you to pay anything for it.”

“But—”

“Let us do this. We will swap cars right this moment. I will go home in your car to repair and make adjustments as they are needed. I will come with it tomorrow, fixed and new-looking. You yourself on the other hand will take my car and bring it back tomorrow. I will fix the shattered lights lastly and finally. And to prove to you that I am no cheat or trickster, I will have you seize my identity cards just so you will be confident that I can be easily traced and followed should I make a go at fleeing away. You car looks a bit modern and quite expensive than mine, don’t you agree?”

“I have no arguments or queries with that.”

“Which is a ‘yes’ as I take it, isn’t it?”

“Sure.”

Alex smiled at me warmly. His perfect smile…it dazzled my senses and swirl of emotions altogether. If I had not confessed it before, then now is the precise and rightful time. Alex was one such nice-looking and gorgeous guy. The kind of guy who, with his handsome face and energetic and well-molded body, would drive just about any woman insane and out of her mind. He had dark hair and dark eyes and olive skin and shady-like brown lips. At the moment, he was dressed in blue jeans and an immaculate white shirt and brown canvas shoes. He was ravishing in this in-complex and yet ingenuous attire. Like some bold and athletic model posing for a garb advertisement!

That night before I slept in my bed, lying down wide-eyed and wide-awake, I thought back to the moment when I had run into him. It was strange. But already I was starting to become attracted to him. Oh my! What nonsense and bull-sh*t this was! Was it normal to go bananas and irrational over some boy that I had just met hours ago? Was this actually some undeniable piece of bull-sh*t?

My interview had been awesome and hilarious and brilliant, all thanks to this boy called ‘Alex Ramirez’ whom I had just happened on. As I had took my seat down, glowing-looking and vivacious, I had by that moment been flown off into very high spirits, where I tarried and remained until after the interview was through. As I spoke with the interviewee, a tall and neatly-dressed-in-black woman named Vivian Sutherland, I had been this continually confident and smiling. Laughing and serious-behaved even. After the interview was through, Vivian had shook hands with me and eventually bid me farewell.

I walked away from the interview still in my glowing and luminous mood, which made those who were sitted and lined outside marvel and wonder at what was going on in there. Some group of three blond-haired girls asked me straight, to which I replied that nothing scary or intimidating was going in behind that closed door.

Alex’s car, a Jeep Cougar, was great fun and amusement to drive and ride. Although one of the oldest cars still around, it was the fastest thing that I had ever driven. Fifty minutes I had driven to the university in my car—a Ferrari Cordon. Thirty minutes I had driven from the university back home in Alex’s red-painted vehicle. The load of traffic was still much the same, free and unfilled.

Kris had gone out to shop vegetables and onions and tomatoes and the like when I arrived home. I picked up on it in the note that she laid on the wool carpet, straight after opening up the door. She would return in an hour or so, she surmised. That dinner, before I had packed off for bed that is, our conversation, in between boiled eggs and fried sausage and fried rice and carrots and boiled potatoes and glasses of juice, had been:

Kris, sipping steadily her glass of orange juice. “I noticed that you came back in a different car. One with the tail-lights broken and shattered. What happened to your legitimate car?”

I looked up at her suspiciously. “It got damaged. In a trivial accident that is and I sent it off for repairing.”

“A trivial accident? Why didn’t you tell me about it, Sophia?”

“I didn’t want to annoy or worry you. You were so pre-occupied with the cooking and cleaning up and rearranging of things. I didn’t want to disturb and bog down your high-flown spirits with my stupid account.”

“Suppose you had got hurt?”

“I didn’t, mom. That is the fortunate part of it all, isn’t it?”

She shook her head. “I don’t want you involved in anything like it again, Sophia, do you hear me?”

“I do.”

“So whose car is that anyway?”

“Alice’s. She is my newest friend. I met her today and we became great friends instantly. She was kind enough to lend me her car to drive myself here home. It is a long drive from school, remember, and she wouldn’t have me walk or board a bus all the way here.”

Kris merely frowned and scowled. “You are lucky to have such type of a friend. Be good to her always and make your friendship last as long enough as it possibly can. Anyway, how did your interview go?”

“Perfect. With Alice around, it was just amazing and heavenly. It all went smoothly and appropriately.”

“I trust that they will take you to be one of their first year students this semester.”

“They probably will, mom.”

“Tell me one question they asked you?”

“Why I want to study Fashion and Design.”

“And your response? How was it?”

“I showed the interviewee some pieces of clothing that I designed personally. She fell for them helplessly and even remarked that I have great talent. This is something I have wanted to do all my life. A dream I have worked hard for all these long and painful years just to accomplish and fulfill. I want to designate and style clothes that are health-giving and hygienic and which people of diverse and unlike cultures can embrace and accede to. I want to dress humanity well and efficiently.”

For a second, Kris looked at me wordlessly and taken aback, as if wanting to say something but then lacking the efficient strength and zeal to do so. 

“What do you think?” I asked her.

She blinked instantaneously. “That was sublime. I wasn’t expecting to hear that from you to be clear-cut.”

“You weren’t?”

“Yes, I wasn’t.”

It was strangely cold and unwelcoming in my bed. Maybe because it was raining outside. Hard and never-endingly. The roof above rattled and reverberated, the windows beneath it spattering and splashing up. Not that the roof on its own was rattling and reverberating and the windows themselves spattering and splashing. The rain was the agent and force behind these sounds. Without it, the sounds themselves would be non-existent.

I don’t know how I fell asleep; I just did; and when I woke up, morning had already dawned and broke forth. Flashes and streaks of sunlight filtered through the cream white curtains into my enormous room, newly-looking and a bit dazzling at first sight. The feelings themselves about me, they were sickly-like and shallow and sleazy-like.

I had no schooling to go about that precise day. No tutorial or teaching at all. Still, I managed to convince Kris that I would be out to meet Ashley and return her car to her. In fact, it was Alex Ramirez I was meeting and no un-existing Alice. Kris didn’t interrogate me much about it. She kindly asked me to express her deep-felt and sincere gratitude to this goodly Alice that had helped her one and only daughter. Who was me without doubt.

The traffic was severe and strong that morning when I left. I arrived thirty minutes late at Brownton, the ground and lawn of the institution being this highly drenched and wet, to the point that each time that I made my way on the non-paved walkway, I had to be meticulously careful and attentive of where I stepped and how I made that particular step. I put on a blue sundress and blue flat shoes and fastened and secured my hair behind me with a lovely-looking blue ribbon. Simply put, I was graceful and neat and flawless in consummate blue.

Wherever I went to, the boys had a ‘you-look-so-magnetic’ expression in their eyes. Not a loudly voiced one. But a silenced-uttered one. That was also equally true with the girls.

I found Alex waiting for me on a wooden bench sited under a giant tree, where he was sitted and relaxing. Like boys are fond of doing, he was busy checking out the strolling by girls and ladies. It seemed he hadn’t been intent on going about that. But with nothing more to do and occupy his mind and senses, he had no alternative but to go on sizing the walking by chicks. Did I say ‘chicks’? Boops! It should be damsels!

The moment he noticed me, while I was still half-way away from him, he gave me that overwhelmed and overpowered look that the other boys had given me moments back. His mouth opened slightly, his eyebrows widening, his expression softening and tenderizing. What? Did my mere presence had that power and ability to quell and make people become overwhelmed that way?

I sat down on the bench just next to him, and having looked up at him, smiled slightly. “Alex Ramirez, how are you doing?”

His eyes tarried and lingered on my face. “Fine, Sophia. And you?”

“I am equally fine as well. Sorry I am late. The traffic was this heavy and cumbersome and annoyingly very slow. I should have called you, but then I don’t have your number.”

“Do you need it right now?”

“Uhmnnn…no, I guess. I am already here and that is what is important, isn’t it?”

“Sure!”

The air gusted past me, pushing off loose threads of light brown hair into my face, ones which I had not tied and made fast. I tossed them away in that girly and delicate way that men cannot help but lift eyebrows at and wonder in silence, inwardly enraptured and delighted and transported off into alien and yet entrancing thoughts. 

“Are you not having classes today?” I checked the time on my phone. It was spot-on ten thirty. 

Alex sighed in relief. “I am free and readily available. All day that is.”

“What do you connote by that?”

“Nothing really. I was wondering if you would join me for…a snack. What do you say?”

I thought about it for a while. “No problem.” To be upright with you, all I wanted right now was to catch a glimpse of my car. Had Alex really fixed it, with the help of his mechanic father? Or had he failed to? Maybe not done anything at all?

He led me straight to my car. There it was parked, new-looking and repaired and faultless. The bonnet looked ideal and whole. No damage on it, no any slight flaw or defect or fracture. My goodness! Alex had done such a good job indeed! While I surveyed the car, I became this breathless and entranced and so overjoyed. Words are not adequate to explain the surge of emotions that I was undergoing that very moment. No, they are not sufficient enough.

“Alex.” My eyes drifted to him, startled and thankful at the same time. “Thank you so much for repairing my car. I wasn’t expecting it to be this wholesome and perfect. You did everything right and beyond what I was foreseeing done. Thank you so much.”

He smiled steadily at me, a winning and well-performed smile. “It is my pleasure, Sophia, to hear that; it assuredly is.”

I breathed out quietly at my own desired pace. “So tell me, did your father give you a helping hand in the fixing of my car?”

He wavered a little bit. “He did.”

“You haven’t yet told me his name, have you?”

“No; I probably will anyway. He is Alex Ramirez Senior.”

“Hmmnnn, so you are junior, right?”

“I sure am.”

“Pass him my best wishes and deep-most appreciation, will you?”

“As you wish.”

We drove to a cafeteria in my car. I was not the one who drove. Alex did. Unlike yesterday, his clothes were in some way mucky and soiled. I noticed it while stealing a glance at him from the comfort of my seat. He took notice almost immediately and resolved, “Sorry that I have to go out and eat with you looking this filthy and foul. I had to give Alex—I mean dad—a helping hand with some engine clean-up before I started off for Brownton. Are you offended by me being this dirty and unclean?”

“No. Why would you even say that? I understand the sanity of you being this way.”

He smiled solely.

I looked away from him that instant, fearing that should I stare at him longer than was necessary he would think that I was examining and checking out how dirty and despicable he was. Which was far off from the actual truth. I didn’t care that he was dirty and soiled up. I didn’t care that he was not clean and spotless like I was. I didn’t care that he was dressed in humble clothing while I was this richly and neatly garbed. I didn’t care about anything at all. Oh yes, I did not give a damn whatsoever!

That moment I stared away from him, Alex had his eyes on me. I first felt it and then discerned his watchful eyes from the corner of mine. What was it with me? Or anything about me that was worthwhile looking.

Having noticed how so quiet we both were, Alex put on some music, making my heart dance and my soul stir up to the rhythm and enticing slow beat itself. Yes, he put on some unending tracks of slow romantic music. One that I was keen on and would listen to with all my heart and soul and spirit altogether. Alex! How so sweet and charming he was!

The third song, which repeated twice, and which I happened to fall for the most, went like this—it was a man who was singing, by the name of Christopher Mooning, and to me, it felt like Alex himself was caroling out to me:

Baby, baby, my sweet angel
Baby, baby, my perfect angel
Baby, baby, my amazing angel
Baby, baby—the one who has stolen and seized my heart

There is something special about your lovely eyes
Something special about the curving and shapeliness of your lips
Something golden about the way you smile
Something brilliant about the way you talk

Baby, baby, I am falling so madly for you
Baby, baby, I can’t go on without thinking about you
Baby, baby, you are my heart and my breath itself
Baby, baby—you are the one I live to see and eternally hold in my arms

Baby, baby, I like the way you look at me
Baby, baby, have I told you
That I fell for you that very second 
I laid my eyes on you

Have I told you that
No matter how hard I tried
I could not forget that picture of you
Smiling and looking so quiet and so grave

Baby, baby, you are my sweet angel
Baby, baby, you are my perfect angel
Baby, baby, you are my amazing angel
Baby, baby—you are the one who has stolen and seized my heart and breath itself

That is not the entire song. Just a part of it I included here so you can get a taste and feel of how the spectacle was. While the song played on and on, Alex would glance at me every once in a while, enchanted and fascinated by what his eyes were seeing. I had no doubt or misgiving that the guy was so attracted to me. He definitely was. And I was drawn toward him as well on the other hand. Yes, I was. I sure was.

The cafeteria we had our snacks at was ‘Sam’s Lobelia.’ That was its simple and yet marvelous name. At the entrance, there was a sketch of blue and scarlet colored lobelias grouped and bundled together. Brilliant and delightful to look at flowers. 

Inside, the tables and chairs were white-painted and plastic-manufactured. The floor was mahogany and polished and shining. The ceiling was mahogany-fashioned too and sited high and farther above with scarlet and blue colored lights illumining and shimmering up. It was a nice and wonderful place to be. How I wished I had dragged my camera with me so as to snag a photo or two of Alex and I munching and whooping it up!

We had ensconced down, waiting for the menu that we had just ordered to be delivered, when Alex, on the spur of the moment and unexpectedly, observed me looking about in fascination and enrapturement, and he remarked, “I have noticed that this cafeteria happens to bewitch and charm you, isn’t that it?”

I blinked at him rapidly—an unforeseen and unplanned movement.  “You are right, Alex. I turn out to like and revel in this place, you know.”

“I can positively tell. Would you mind taking photos? Of us? I have my phone with me and its camera is this matchless and unrivalled. What’s your say on that?”

I breathed in and out, mystified and robbed of any words. How was this guy able to do it? It seemed that he was an expert at amusing and cheering me up and giving me what I really and deeply wanted. Yes, he was fantastic and ideal!

“Is there anything at fault with it, Sophia?”

I answered immediately. “No, no. I didn’t suggest that. It is an excellent and wowing idea. I mean it. Honestly.”

(Author’s Appreciation: Thank you for all your reading time and efforts!)

    


 

    



