




THE WOLF
AND
THE BEAR


BY
MARTYN J. PASS


Copyright © 2014 By Martyn J. Pass

Email: thegreenfroggy@hotmail.com



The right of Martyn J. Pass to be identified as the Author of the Work has been asserted by him in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. All rights reserved. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author.



All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.




ALSO BY THIS AUTHOR

AT THE DAWN OF THE RUINED SUN
WAITING FOR RED (With Dani Pass)
SOUL AT WAR
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Many thanks go to all those who helped in the writing of this book, whether they realised they'd helped or not. To all the guys I worked with: Chris Denby, Lewis Coates, James Peet, Pasquale Pirraglia and Michael Hillman. I thank them for taking me seriously (or at least humouring me) when I talked about writing and I'm grateful for all their input over the years. I also want to thank my brother-in-law, Ian Henry, for the loan of his house for an hour or two (I was dog sitting for him to be precise) to work on the book.

Thanks also to my 'first readers' - those who took the time to read the second draft and pulled it apart meticulously: Tim Mason and Dani Pass. 

Thanks also to my family, my wife, Julie, and my son, William. But most of all to my daughter, Eleanor, who encouraged me to go to the cinema to see the film which angered me so much. Without that spark I wouldn't have decided to go home straight away and begin working on The Wolf And The Bear.



For William
Prologue

“What's happening? What happened to the power?”
“Everything is down, Alice... computers... phones... it's all down.”
“Power cut?”
“No. I can't...” Rumbling. The ground shook. Shelves of glass slides and containers collapsed.
“What was that? Oh God, what's happening?”
“I can't see a thing. Don't move - you might cut yourself. Where are the patients?”
“In the waiting room I think.” A door burst open. Feet crunched across broken glass.
A voice in the dark. “What's happening? Why has the power shut down? We can't see a damn thing.”
“Who's that?”
“It's Alan. Is that the Doctor? What's happened - are we safe?”
“Just calm down, Mr. Harding. It is probably just a fault in the system...” The roof shuddered from several impacts far over head.
“What the hell was that?”
“Mr Harding, please, go back to the waiting room with the others.”
“Doctor, we need to get out of here.”
“You can't, the elevators are off and the doors have sealed the lab shut. We're stuck here until the back up generator kicks in.”
Screaming. A roof beam caved in bringing soil and dust with it. Coughing. Choking darkness.
“Has anyone got a light of some kind?”
“My phone isn't working.”
“Nor mine.”
Hammer blows fell above them. Some of the patients were wailing in terror.
“Can we breathe? Does the air system still work?”
“I don't know, Mr Harding. Please go...”
“Don't tell me where to go, Doctor.”
“You're not helping. We need to remain calm.”
“Calm? Are you for real? We're stuck in this tomb, Doctor. We need to get out!”
“Well reactions like this won't help us, will it!”

Silence.

“Has it stopped?”
“I don't know, Alice.”
“Oh God. Oh God. Why aren't the lights back on?”
“Just wait...”

Just wait...

Chapter 1

THE LAST MOCHA

Alex Hogg stood under the creaking sign and stopped short of the door. 

A deep breath.

Back straight.

...and... walk.

Two steps forward and the door crashed outwards, the drunk narrowly missing Hogg.
“Move boy, before I leak all over your pretty clothes!” he said as he stumbled out of the light beyond the door and began to relieve himself in the street. 
“Sir, is there a Dalesman inside?” Hogg asked rather nervously. The drunk moaned again as he returned to his task. “I shall ask inside then...” and with a grunt from the drunk, Hogg took a few tentative steps towards the door and, after summoning enough courage, boldly pushed it aside.

It was busy that night. Winter was coming and people naturally crowded round fire and any company they could find - even if the best they could manage was the lonely tavern along the main road known simply as the 'Last Mocha'. Conversations merged in the smoky haze like the babble of geese. Hogg wove between the dense pockets of patrons and reached the long bar with its well known, rough-hewn, oak top. Frank, the barman and owner of the 'Last Mocha', was cleaning a glass with a rag like so many generations before had done, and since. He was in deep discussion with someone sat on a stool opposite him.
“There's a rumour that the mill will be closing soon,” Hogg heard the seated man say. “John told Alice that his missus has been seen with ol' Jezzy out of hours, so to speak.”
“I've heard that Alice has hated John's other half for years now. Thinks she'll take up with him if she's gone,” replied Frank.
“None-sense,” the man pushed his empty mug towards Frank who filled it for him. “The village knows Alice is barren. What would John want with a dead womb?”
“Excuse me...” Hogg said.
“Jezz and John's wife. I wouldn't like to see that on a dark night,” said Frank. “All that meat bobbing up and down...”
“Like two pork pies in a canal,” replied the man.
“Excuse me...” Hogg said again.
“Still. Better not to get involved. I can't see John letting another man pork his wife – especially ol'Jezzy. What number is he on now? Three?” Frank said.
“Four at least. Two wives died giving birth, a third was mysteriously wounded upon her noggin' and this latest piece is twice his age. No doubt she'll be in plot number four soon,” the man replied, swilling his ale down.
“Aye,” said Frank.
“Excuse me,” Hogg said a little louder this time. Frank turned from his customer and gestured to an empty stool. Then he filled a mug with ale and set it before Hogg. The man mumbled something to himself and stumbled off towards the toilets.
“One copper, please,” he said. “What can old Frank do for one of Spearheart's kin?” he asked as he wiped his hands on a rag. “One of your brothers was in here a while back. Can't hold his swill, that one. Sharon made him clean it up himself. I hope you don't have to clean my floors tonight.”
“I don't think... I mean...” said Hogg.
“He says Hubert isn't well. He says he's come down with the Oak sickness.”
“I wouldn't know, I...”
“How is the old man? Last I heard he'd thrown old lady Maud out of her cottage and left her homeless. All that giving to the village, all the fruit and veg, you'd think he'd see an old lady right, wouldn't you?” said Frank.
“She was behind on...”
“Calls hi'self charitable and then turfs ol' Maud onto the road. Tim over there says he 'seen her beggin' beside the mill. The same mill, I might add, that Hubert gives grain to so as to feed Mick's family. Makes no sense I say. No sense at all.”
“She was stealing from...”
“Yes, I heard the same. But how else can the old lady pay her way? With Hubert chargin' all that rent no wonder she made off with a bit of metal here and there.”
“It was a bit...”
“Still, I said to Mick 'don't you go feedin' her, get yourself into no bother'. Hubert doesn't take kindly to that sort of thing I hear. 'He'll be sending his boys round' I says, 'they'll mess up that face of yours like they did to ol' Jezzy last time he went snugglin' up to Hubert's cousin'.”
“Frank, I wondered if...” Hogg was sweating now. “If you might...”
“Anyways, nice to meet you again, young Hogg. Don't go upsetting me like your brother did though or me and thee will be acquainting ourselves with the mop.”
Before he could turn away, Hogg shouted “Frank, I need your help.” A sheen of cold sweat was forming on Hogg's forehead. 
“What can this old man do for you?”
“I need a Dalesman. The best you know. I'm going to do what he's told me to do. I'm going to get a relic.”
Frank simply sucked air through his teeth and tutted. “Well I supposed the day would come eventually, but I fair admit it has come sooner than even I would have thought.” Frank sighed like a great sadness had suddenly landed on his shoulders. “And where does the young Spearheart child intend to get this relic? The old town perhaps? The spine of Peninnen?”
“No, Frank. I'm going to the city of Glass and Bone.”

Instantly the pub was silenced. The barmaids stopped their frantic service. Someone brought a shrill laugh up short. Mugs were dropped back onto the tables with a clang.
Frank grew pale. “Young Master Hogg – such a joke isn't welcome in these walls. Now go home unless you have serious business here.”
“But Frank, it was Spearheart himself who...” Hogg began to reply but a wave from Frank's gnarled hands silenced any hope of convincing him otherwise.
“I do not believe that Mr. Spearheart would send one of his kin to that cursed place. I do not believe that anyone would send their worst enemy there. May that be the end of our discussion, Master Hogg.” And with that he turned away from Hogg and served another customer.

*

“It's no small thing to be a child of Spearheart. How is the old man?” Hogg looked up at a mountain of a man who had somehow passed unnoticed and now stood at the bar. “Come, join me over in the corner and let's speak.” The man's voice was deep but restrained. Hogg simply nodded and followed.

The man sat in his chair and offered Hogg the one opposite on the other side of a large table. A lone candle burned on a saucer next to a half finished plate of cheese, ham and bread. The man picked up his mug of ale and took a long draught to wash down a mouthful of the crusty loaf.
“So how is old Hubert? Still drinking himself into an early grave?” His face was hidden behind a thick black beard of coarse hair and two large blue eyes looked back at Hogg with a cautious stare. “Perhaps you should forget what old Frank said. A large bed and a warm fire makes many a man a critic of things seen from afar. Those who have been there oft say little.” A broad and thick fingered hand with dirty nails extended itself to Hogg. “My name has long been forgotten. Most people around here know me as Bear.” They shook and the man's hand swallowed Hogg's in a gentle but firm shake.
“I'm Alex Hogg. And Mr. Spearheart is well, thank you for asking,” said Hogg. Bear took another gulp from his mug and gestured to the barmaid for another.
“You're welcome. I couldn't help but overhear you're setting out on a quest. To the City of Glass and Bone no less.” Hogg nodded but suddenly froze as something moved under the table and began sniffing. “Don't worry, Moll won't bite,” he said as two bright red eyes stared up from under the table, burning like hot coals. “She only growls at little boys. She doesn't mind young girls though.”
She stared at him and they sat in silence as the barmaid appeared and placed two more tankards of ale on the table. “Finished?” she said and reached for the plate of supper. Bear looked to Hogg and smiled.
“Not yet, love. Another plate of the same please. Put it on my bill.” Hogg looked down again at the eyes staring up at her.
“Does she bite?” she said.
“A piece of that ham will keep her happy.”
She reached under the table and a tongue licked her fingertips. With the other hand she held out a piece of the salty ham and an enormous mouth of white teeth took it gently from her palm. Hogg giggled as Moll's tongue rasped her hand. “That's a nice smile. Better than that smug smirk you wore earlier. Don't worry, your secret is safe with me.”
“What do you want?” she said.
“What do you have to offer?”
“A bag of metal. Some leather. An old knife. A book.”
“A book?” A plate was set before Hogg. She looked at it but soon her resistance gave way to hunger. She tore a chunk off the bread and stuffed it into her mouth. A long gulp of ale, some ham, some cheese. “Good?”
She nodded.
“You're a Dalesman,” she said.
“It's rude to talk with your mouth full.”
“Sorry.”
“But you're correct. I'm a Dalesman. And you don't have enough to pay for me. Even with the book. But you knew that before you walked through that door. So my question is this – how did you intend to persuade me to take you all the way to the cursed city?”
“I don't know, if I'm honest, Mr. Bear.” At that he laughed, loudly and deeply. It echoed off the walls and people turned from what they were doing. Hogg blushed.
“You make me sound like a child's fairy tale. Bear will suffice. Did you hope your bravado would win my favour? Is there no promise of fortune when you come into your promised inheritance?”
“There might be...”
“Try again. Money and lands are useless to my kind. I trade in what I find and never stay around long enough to work a field.”
“If I bring the relic back to Spearheart, he's promised his lands and titles to me. I could...”
“Promised you personally?”
“In a manner of speaking...”
“The city of Glass and Bone is at least a year's travel and far to the south. Horse may take you so far but they're expensive and the way is dangerous.”
“I understand, but he's made me a promise. He intends to keep it when I return. I can't turn down an offer like this, not because there are risks involved. Haven't you ever taken risks, Bear?” He laughed.
“I suppose I might have taken a few,” he said. “How old are you, girl?”
“A month from my sixteenth.” 
“And you'd just walk away from the comforts of home? Is this the price you'd pay for this inheritance?”
Alex said nothing. Bear fixed his eyes upon hers. “It'd seem you've already paid this price.”
“More than you know,” she said.
A bell rang for the last orders. The piano fell silent. Even the dwarf was quiet now, sat with a whore on his lap and a hand down her dress. 
“It just so happens that I've business in the South,” said Bear. “I’ve been to the cursed city on more than a few occasions and I know the best ways there. I'll be your guide – if there's nothing I can say to put you off.”
She let out a deep sigh of relief. “Yes, I'd love your help. Thank you,” she said.
“But,” he replied. “If I take you. If I lead you south to the Glass and Bone city - what kind of person do you think you'd be when you returned?”
“The man I wanted to be,” she said. “The man I can never be.” 
Bear sighed. His face turned grave and for a moment she thought he might change his mind. Then he looked at her and Moll growled from under the table. Finally he said, “Be here at sunrise with your things. Travel light, bags get heavier every mile you walk, it's a fact. We'll also need one of Frank's breakfasts to get us off to a good start.”
“Thank you!” she said, jumping to her feet. “Thank you so much, Bear! You won't regret this, I promise. When we return and I claim my inheritance, you'll be the first person to benefit. I promise.”
Bear stood and held out his hand. Alex shook it and turned to leave.
“Alex,” he said.
“Yes?”
“Tell no one you're leaving with me. Do you understand?”
Puzzled, she nodded none the less – she didn't want to risk offending him and losing his help. “Of course,” she said.
“No one. Not even Spearheart.”
“Okay, Bear. I won't.”
Chapter 2

BREAKFAST AT DAWN

Hogg stood under the swinging sign long before the sun rose. Cold and shivering, she'd gathered her small amount of possessions in a goat skin sack, wrapped an old tattered cloak around her shoulders, and crept silently from Spearheart's huge house. Not that she needed to avoid being discovered. No one would miss her, she guessed. Hugging herself against the cold, she tried in vain to blow warm air into her hands just as the door of the 'Last Mocha' creaked open. Two pairs of eyes looked out at her. One pair blue, the other red.
“Come in before I have to thaw you,” said Bear. “Breakfast is ready. I hope you're hungry.”

Hogg had never been in an empty pub before and it felt strange to be in one now. The chairs had all been pushed under the tables, clean, with fresh candles on each. The hearth had been swept and fresh wood and kindling had been piled neatly ready for the evening. The smell of smoke was no less pungent but the cold morning waged a silent war against it from one of the open windows.
She followed Bear and Moll through the archway behind the bar. Moll was huge in the dark of morning, her back nearly touching the large man's wide leather belt. Already her stomach was grumbling as the delicious smell of bacon frying hit her senses. In the kitchen, Bear went to the stove and returned to pushing the thickly cut rashers around with a wooden spoon as the fat spat up into the air. Hogg sat at a small table along the wall and scruffed Moll's hair as she went to sniff around her legs.
“Is she a wolf?” she said. Bear laughed as he took some bread out of the oven. Four large loaves with a golden crust. The smell was bringing tears to Hogg's eyes. Her last meal had been the one Bear had bought her last night. He put two of the loaves on the table in front of her, the other two on the side next to a plate of cold meats. Butter quickly followed with a knife sticking out of it, a plate of fried potatoes covered in herbs and then a plate of bacon each.
“Coffee?” he asked.
“Coffee? You have real coffee?” she said. He set a chipped kettle down next to the bread and two small cups.
“I never set out on a quest without a brew. It's from the North. I traded four deer skins for a single pouch of beans over a year ago.” He sat down in the chair opposite her and poured her a cup. The scent of the hot black liquid was beyond her ability to describe. “You can eat now, love.” She tore a chunk off the loaf and smeared a thick layer of butter on it, devouring it in three bites. Then she filled the gaps in her mouth with coffee, moaning with pleasure at the taste. Bear laughed and took his time with his own meal, feeding bacon rind to Moll while sipping the coffee.

When they had finished the sun was coming up and driving golden spears of light through the small window above the stove. Bear blew out the candle he'd lit and stretched out his legs, pouring them both another cup.
“Drink up. It might be a long time before we taste it again,” he said. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and brushed the crumbs from his jumper onto the floor. Then he nodded to the goat skin sack at the door. “Is that all you've got? I can't help but notice you've changed your clothes too. A little less... pompous?” 
“I'd borrowed those. These are mine,” she said.
“Spearheart's folk use a tailor and they always fit well.”
“I know.”
“The owner was slightly bigger than you then?”
“Tommy. He was drunk when I took them.”
“But these are yours?” he said. Alex nodded. “Lift up a boot, let me see the sole.”
Bear held the boot up to the light. “You walk badly. We'll need to replace these soon or you'll suffer the whole way south. I hope you brought that book you promised me.”
She got to her feet and retrieved the sack, reaching in and taking out the only thing Spearheart had given her. It was a dusty looking thing with a worn hard-backed cover. Bear took it from her and looked at the front, then turned it over and tutted.
“It's number two. Did you not have the first one?” he said. 
She shook her head. “I didn't know. I'm sorry.”
“You can't read, can you?” Again, she shook her head and looked at the floor. “Don't worry. You'll soon get the hang of words and letters and grammar. Then you can find me the first one to read.” And with that promise he returned the book to her and rose. “Let's be off then. It's four days from our first stop and that means less pleasant fayre than this breakfast. It means sleeping in the woods and walking from sunrise till sunset. Do you still wish to pursue this quest, young lady?”
Alex Hogg took a deep breath and stood, reaching for her cloak. “I am, Bear.”
“Then perhaps a few words are needed. First of all I place no oath or burden on you. At any time you may ask to return at no charge and owing no debt.” He took his own long coat down from a peg on the wall, slipping a satchel and bed roll over his shoulder. “Trust is a thing you owe me, not something I ask of you. I know these lands, I know what lies before us and no matter how odd or how wrong you feel my actions may be, you must first and foremost trust that I have a better perspective than yourself. Your counsel is welcome at all times, but so too must mine and I reserve the right to follow which ever I choose. Understood?” She nodded. “Finally, the hair on your head must be grown back.”
“I don't understand?” she said. Bear packed their lunch.
“There are many deaths to be found on our road. Blade, blow or poison. There are many people willing to give you either. But the worst death blow of all is the one you deal yourself.”
“I'm not sure I understand.”
“I have a feeling you will soon enough.”
He took a staff of gnarled wood and a short, wide blade of a dark metal from beside the door. It had a carved ebony handle fitted to his own grip and was fatter in thickness at the end – a weapon designed to kill with the first swing, to cleave bone and sinew. He slid it into a leather scabbard on his belt, hidden under the long coat that Hogg noticed was made from a single animal pelt. The fur was as coarse and black as the wearer's own and was crafted so as to line the inside. The outside of the garment was smooth save for the seams and was stained black as coal. It was well fitted and reached down to his shins. 

A bear's coat, she thought.

*

Bear took the east road at a good pace and Hogg did her best to match it. Moll padded alongside her owner but sometimes broke away to chase something in the woodlands either side of the dirt track they were on. The east road was new to Alex. She'd roamed around Spearheart's lands since she could first walk; she'd taken in the hills to the west with their apple orchards that were spreading wildly where ever there was an empty strip, then south to the ruined house that was now a pile of moss covered stone and slate. The hearth was the only thing that had remained standing in that house and Hogg had often hidden inside it, building a den to play in by herself. From there she spent several days following the dry stone wall of Spearheart's boundaries seeing foxes and owls and all kinds of insects hiding under rubble. But on no occasion had she dared venture beyond the 'Last Mocha'.
“Where are we going?” she asked as they began to descend an incline in the track that ran past Hamfist's farm. 
“East.” Huge cows ambled towards the fence to see who was passing but quickly retreated when they spotted Moll. “We're heading towards the village of Greenmark.”
“Will we stop there?”
“An old friend, Tom, will give us a clean bed and a hot bath for several days. Winter has only just begun to show its face. Soon the hills and dales will be thick with snow and almost impassable.”
“Perhaps we should go back then, see out winter back at the Mocha.” she said but already felt the pangs of failure in her stomach. Bear stopped.
“You wish to go home?” he asked.
“No, I just... I thought maybe it would be better to wait.”
“For what? The right moment? The right time?”
“I don't know,” she said. “Perhaps I was too hasty.”
“Will spring bring your quest any nearer?”
“I suppose not, but it might be...”
“It is always better to walk in summer, but how about autumn?”
“Maybe, but...”
“Leave it too late and winter will be upon you again. Think now.”
“I just thought...”
He fixed his eyes on hers. “None of these moments arrive, nor will they ever for you, Alex. They come unexpected and must be seized before they have chance to run again, into the past, into regret. Your moment came when you stepped past the drunk and stood at the bar. Let it go now and it will escape you, perhaps forever.” He leaned on his staff and Moll sat down, cocking her head at Alex. “That is my counsel. What is it to be? Spearheart's house, or onwards?”
She looked behind her, back west. She thought about what she was leaving behind. Then she stepped around him.
“Four days then. To Greenmark.”

Bear walked beside her for a while, beating the ground with his staff like a drum to keep time to. “Tom runs the forge in Greenmark. We can trade your metal with him. Maybe get those boots of yours fresh soles,” he said. The sky was a clear blue now that morning was well under way. It had warmed slightly but Alex still pulled her cloak around her to close the gaps that the cool breeze hunted her through.
“Tom sounds like a kind friend. How long have you known him?”
“A long time. He and his wife settled in Greenmark before you were even born. I helped him run his forge and showed him how to work some of the rarer metals from the early days. He always has a spare bed or two for his friends whenever they pass through.”
“Do you pass through often? I don't remember ever seeing you in the Mocha before,” she said. They'd been walking for several hours and she began to feel her toes rubbing.
“I come and go. Usually arriving late at night and leaving early the next morning. I've known Frank for some time. He always treats me fairly even if some of his customers don't.”
“How do you mean?” she said. The hill swept around a right bend to run alongside a pond that, for a moment, was littered with ducks. Until Moll ran ahead and chased them away, disturbing the thick green slime of the pond's surface. Birds took flight as Moll barked before returning to her master's side.
“The Dalesmen were always welcomed in pubs and halls. We brought news and letters from far away. Sometimes even the odd rare item such as coffee or metal to trade.”
“But now?”
“I don't quite know. Recently that hospitality has diminished. I find myself less welcome and more watched, as though I were a spy or a criminal. I'm not sure why this is but I suspect it has something to do with recent news I had from the north.”
“What news?”
“Too early to say. Better to build rumour into fact with many bricks and I have yet more bricks to find. In Greenmark we may learn more.”
“How far have you travelled then?” she said.
“To the north where the land ends. Across the highlands. Far to the south, too. Where you can see land across the sea. And even beyond.”
“Beyond to where?”
“To where the sun is warmer. When green fields become deserts. Where the people speak in strange tongues.”
“I've only ever been to the boundaries of Spearheart's own lands. This is the farthest I've ever been, but you've been beyond even what I can imagine.” She looked around her. “Even these hills are alien to me. Yet you've seen the sea and the fields of sand.”
“Maybe one day you'll see them too,” he said. “Maybe you'll travel north and see the stars that fall. It's possible.”
“I think perhaps I should set my goals a little lower. If I can reach the cursed city then perhaps it is possible to do more.”
“I wouldn't worry about reaching the city. I would worry about not returning from it.”
“Thanks for your encouragement!” she said. “Is it as bad as they say?”
“I don't know. What do they say?”
She stopped and began to eat a rosy-red apple from her pocket. “That there are things alive there, in the rubble. Creatures that feed on any meat they can find.”
Bear laughed. “I think most creatures eat what meat they can find. Especially people.”
“I don't mean that,” she said. “I mean horrible things. Creatures that have huge claws, teeth as sharp as daggers. Monsters, I mean.”
“I have seen many monsters and not all of them as ugly as you describe. I suppose you'll find out in good time, though take comfort in the fact that I have been there and I am here now to tell the tale.”
“I suppose you're right.”
“I'm right about a good many things. Learn this lesson quickly,” he said. But he was chuckling to himself as he did so.

*

The dirt track soon gave way to open meadows that had been touched by an early frost. Even though it was almost noon there was still evidence of Winter's coming in the shade of a rocky outcrop and at the roots of a solitary oak. Bear called a halt under the tree and sat down to have lunch.
He saw Alex remove her boots to examine her toes. They were now a bright pink colour despite the cold and where the boots had rubbed her through her socks the skin was now red and inflamed.
“Here, smear this on. It doesn't smell very nice but it should stop the rubbing,” Bear said and passed her a small draw-string bag filled with a thick, gooey substance. With two fingers she scooped up a blob of the stuff and spread it across her foot.
“Yuck!” she said. “What is it?”
“Goose fat. You can wash it off later, but for now it will stop the rubbing.” He returned the fat to his satchel and took out the bread and meat from earlier. He also had a skin of milk which he took a long gulp from and passed it to Hogg. “When the skin's empty we'll fill it with water from the stream that runs off the hill over there.” He pointed to a rise off to the south. “We shouldn't want for food or water for now.” He got up but gestured to Hogg to stay and sit and finish her lunch. “I'll be back in a moment. There should still be some berries around here and a leaf or two of mint.”
He walked off towards a hedge and was soon gone from sight as she took another swig of warm milk from the skin. Moll was stretched out in the sun, licking her paws which were the size of Alex's own hands. She'd never seen a dog so large that wasn't a wolf, or one so in tune with her master. 
Alex had leaned back against the tree and dozed off for a moment when Bear returned. In a piece of cloth he'd gathered a mixture of red and black berries, two fistfuls of mint leaves and what looked like ten or so twigs the length of his finger.
“Liquorice,” he said and began to chew the end of one. “Let's be going then. It's past noon and we need to be at the crossroads by sunset.”

The goose fat had put a stop to her feet rubbing but by mid afternoon her muscles were knotting up and her hips ached. Each step became an effort in itself. The meadow seemed to stretch on and on with no sign of changing. Fields were replaced with more fields and she began to realise that a lot of land was left untended. Hamfist's farming had ceased long ago and these lush green lands were wild and untamed. The occasional deer could be seen bounding away near the woods off to the north and birds of many colours settled into the long grass. As she plodded along she felt herself warm up and even felt sweat collect between her shoulders.
“How much further?” she said.
“Not far. Are you aching yet?”
“No, I feel fine.”
“You're a bad liar. You weren't walking with a limp before.”
“It's just a little sore. I'll live.”
“No, that's true enough. If you're coping so well we might as well push on for a few more miles.”
Her eyes rolled. “Yes, why not?”
“Good. We have some moonlight, why not keep going until dawn? At this rate we could be in Greenmark a full day earlier than I’d hoped.”
Her thoughts turned to the end, to reaching rest until it was all she began to think about. Even the light conversation she'd had with Bear fell silent. How long? she thought, over and over again.
Bear began to hum a tune, his staff still drumming the ground as the day turned to dusk. How much further? Moll padded along and looked at the ground. Sniffing. Nosing the soil. On and on. It must be soon...
“Are you ready for a rest?” Bear said and Alex felt her heart sink. 
“I can keep going,” she said. Her teeth clamped together as a blister burst and she could feel the warm liquid smother her toes. She could barely see Moll's tail in the darkness and it took all her strength to put one foot in front of the other. She began to doze a little. Her eyes felt heavy and dry. “I can keep...”
“We can stop whenever you want. Just ask,” he said.
“I'm fine.”
“You're still a bad liar. I would have stopped a few miles ago, if I were you.”
“I'm fine.”
“On we go then.”
The road blurred in the twilight. Thump thump thump went their feet. Her eyes closed. Opened. Long blinks in the darkness.
“I'm fine,” she said again even though he hadn't asked. “I'm fine...”
It was soon pitch black on either side of the road but the moonlight poured itself across the broken stone and across their shoulders. It found its way into her eyes, soaking them like honey on bread. “I'm...”

He caught her just in time and sleep came as easy as the fall.
Chapter 3

THE ROAD TO GREENMARK

She woke during the night. A fire was roaring, sending plumes of smoke and heat into the air. The night's sky was cloudless and the stars shone above her head. It was beautiful. The warm glow from the crackling flames. The smell of wood and smoke. She shuffled a little closer to the fire as Bear threw another thick log onto the dancing, flickering fingers of the flames. It ate the wood greedily and Bear turned skewered rabbit meat in his hands to crisp the other sides.
“You're stubborn,” he said when he saw her eyes across the flames. “It's a bad habit to have, especially in a girl your age.”
“I'm fine.”
Bear laughed and it was a nice laugh. “Of course you are. Only a real fool convinces herself and no other.”
“What are you cooking?” she asked, nestling even more snugly in his thick bed roll. With her own cloak wrapped around her and a pillow of leaves under her head she felt quite snug and warm. She half-remembered Bear putting her to bed and starting a fire.
“Rabbit,” he said. “I caught it while you slept. Some for tomorrow. Some for now.” He handed her a skewer and she bit into the hot flesh a little to eagerly, burning her lip. Still, it tasted too good to be put off by the pain. Bear tucked into one himself and hot grease ran down his chin and through his beard but he didn't seem to bother. He ate slowly and stared into the fire.
“There's so much rabbit here it should see us through to Greenmark. We'll just require a few more berries and some apples tomorrow. I think that should be your job,” he said to her without taking his eyes off the fire. “There was a time when there were no rabbits here. At least none you could catch. Now they're many and fat and ready for winter.” He took another bite. Slowly he chewed as if thinking through every movement of his jaw. “What does Spearheart feed you these days?”
Hogg felt her eyes getting heavy again. “Lamb sometimes. Deer when it can be caught. Greens from his farms. Turnips. Asparagus. Carrots a foot long. Corn.”
Bear chuckled. “You were well treated then?”
“I suppose.” She closed her eyes and pictured the long hall of Hubert Horatio Spearheart. The men who ate there. That's exactly what they ate. All day. Every day.
“I only knew the man when his father was still alive. Frederick Spearheart was a good man. An honest man. He should not have died the way he did. Alone in that empty house. He deserved more.” He paused and poked the fire with a stick as if the memory had appeared in the coals and deserved prodding. “Horatio was too young to honour the old man properly and saw it as a burden off his shoulders. Why bother with respect when the person has already gone, he must have thought. Still. He took you in. Gave you a home. Food on the table.”
“He did,” she said.
“Do you remember your parents?” he asked.
“Not really. Spearheart said they left me on his porch one day when I was a baby. He said they were from somewhere else, some other town. That's all I know.”
“Did you ever think to go looking for them?”
“I kind of hoped they'd come looking for me. When I reached 10 years old, I kind of gave up waiting. I think that when I go back with the relic I'll pay someone to find them. Do you think that's a good idea?”
“I don't know,” he replied. “Maybe. Sometimes I think it's best to let things go.”
“I'm not sure I can. Either way, I need to get my inheritance first. Then I might be in a position to do something about it.”
“Then you'd better eat up and save your strength.”
“I suppose.”
“You 'suppose' a lot, don't you?” he said. “I 'suppose' you will tell me you're fine next.”
“I am,” she said. “I could go another thirty miles.”
“Very funny. Thirty yards maybe.”
“What's the furthest you've walked?” she said.
“In a day? Forty. I walked through the night and into the next day. I was in a lot of pain, I can assure you.”
“Why so far?”
“I was being followed.”
“By who?”
“A gang who worked the roads into Morgan's Fell to the west. They'd been operating there for months and nobody had the guts to hunt them down.”
“What did you do?”
“My plan was to lead them away from the road and into the wild lands. They followed me for a day and a night before I was able to double back as they slept and come upon them from behind.”
“What happened then?”
“I killed them all.”
“Just like that?”
“Just like that. Every one of them wrapped up in their bed rolls, just like you are.”
“I don't believe you,” she said.
“You should.”

In the morning there was cooked rabbit, berries and hot mint tea waiting for her. She climbed out of the man's bed roll and stretched. It was a crisp morning and a layer of frost had settled on the world. The barn walls, the grass and weeds that poked through it. The oaks. All given white speckled coats to wear.
“Let's get moving. Another long day awaits us,” said Bear. The fire had been allowed to die down during the early morning hours and he stamped out the remains with his boot, kicking up ash and smoke. Hogg was still quite sore from the previous days walk and at first she hobbled behind the man and his dog as they returned to the road. But once they were under way the pain eased and soon the countryside took her mind off it. The empty fields gave way to hills. Rolling lands of green capped mounds and patches of dense forest surrounded them as the path took a myriad of turns to avoid climbing. Moll was more than happy to dart off into these woodlands and indeed spent most of her day hunting or playing in the shade.
“Have you always been together? You and Moll I mean,” she said.
“For a long time, yes.”
“How does she always seem to know what you want her to do? I mean, it looks like she moves before you even ask her to.”
“We've been together for too long,” he said with a snort of laughter. “Like man and wife. After a while you begin to predict what the other will do.”
“Do you have one?”
“Have what?”
“A wife. Do you have a wife?”
“No.”
“No, now, or not ever?”
“Both. Never.”
“Children?”
“Nope.”
“Why?”
“Because I don't have a wife to make them with.”
“I mean, why don't you have a wife?” she said.
“I see that a day of walking has loosed your tongue. A person should be comfortable in their own silence and not feel the need to fill it with noise.”
“I seek only your wise counsel,” she grinned. 

Onwards the road went and Bear drummed the path as he walked again, stopping only at a stream he'd mentioned to Hogg earlier. Here they drank their fill of ice cold water that rushed down the slopes of one of the higher hills and filled the skin with it. They had dinner there in the sun that was free to sail across the sky without a cloud to hinder it. Then they moved on and made good progress, crossing the river of Leedleliv and reaching the edge of the marshes just as the light began to wane.
“We'll camp here tonight,” said Bear as they reached a dense piece of woodland at the foot of a steep sided hill. “We don't want to rest too near to the marshes or we'll be eaten alive by midges. This alcove in the hill side will do us nicely. Gather some wood, girl, small dry twigs first where possible.” 
Hogg walked off on sore feet to find what she could, returning with armfuls of dry wood. She spotted an apple tree near to the road which she decided she would come back and pick clean. Her hunger had not diminished since lunch time and her stomach grumbled and groaned.
“Good,” he said. “How's your skill with fire, then?”
“I've never set one before,” she said.
“I will give you three tips and then leave you to it. If you can't get a fire going then we'll enjoy a cold night in the woods. If you can get one going, then I will give you my share of tonight's meat. Deal?”
“But I...”
“Deal?”
“Yes, I suppose,” she said. “I can try.”
“There you go 'supposing' again. Don't try. Trying leads to failure. How about you 'do' instead.” He passed her a handful of fluffy rabbit fur, a piece of stone and some metal. “Tip number one – tinder.”
“Tinder?”
“Tinder. The stone is called flint. Strike the metal with it and it will make a spark. A spark will not light a log or even a stick.”
“But it might burn this?” she said, holding up the fur. “Then what?”
“Tip number two.” He picked up the twigs. “Kindling. Burning fur won't light a log.”
“But it will light these?” 
“Enough talk. I'm cold, girl.” Alex began to work the flint, sparks flying in all directions as she tried to light the fur. It took her a few minutes but the smouldering heap in her hands died just as quickly.
“What's tip number three?” she asked.
“Fire needs air.”
“Air?”
“Air,” he said. She began again and once the fur was smouldering she cupped it in her hands and blew on it gently. 
“I've done it!” she said.
“Well done. Is that it?”
“What do you mean?”
“Are you just going to stand there and burn your hands?”
“No. I'm going to...” The fur roared into an angry flame and Alex flung it away from her in pain.
“Start again,” he said. “At this rate we should have fire by the end of the year.”

In no time at all another piece of the dangerous burning rabbit fur was under a pyramid of twigs and sticks where it ate them up hungrily. Then came the bigger branches. Then a log or two. All the while Bear sat in the alcove and watched as she worked with a smile on his face.
“I've done it!” she said. “That's right, isn't it?”
“It's burning, isn't it?”
“Yes but did I do it right?”
“Eventually. Well done.”
Hogg was grinning. It was a fire and she had made it. She thought back over the last fifteen years of her life. The disappointments. The shame. This was something she could be proud of. This was hers. 

She slept through the night as Bear sat tending the fire once more and it seemed to Alex that he must sleep in the same position. Whenever she woke during the night she saw him sat there, he never seemed to have left the spot. She asked him why he didn't want his bed roll back as they broke their fast on apples and meat.
“It's been a long time since I last slept in a bed and it seems that old age has less need of rest than when I was your age. A few moments in front of the fire seems to suffice these days,” he replied.
“What about the Mocha? Didn't you sleep then?”
“No. I led out on their nice flea ridden beds for a while, but in the end I found a more pleasant arm chair that suited me far better. Perhaps I've spent too much time in the woods. Too much time seeing shadows that weren't there and not enough time trusting to fate. Moll would let me know of danger were there any. But it seems that the further I travel down this road of mine, the less rest comes to me. As if it won't let me rest until...”
“Until what?” Bear fell silent and took a bite from his apple. Then he shrugged as if it were the final word on the matter and began to break camp.

*

The third day passed them by without incident. Clouds thick and heavy with white snow soon began to empty as the afternoon turned to evening. Softly the flakes spun at first, laying gently on the grassy hills until night came. Then as the fire roared the clouds released their hold and blankets of the stuff began to drop.
They'd made camp beneath a huge oak with arms that reached out far and drooped to the ground like an umbrella. But still the flakes found their way between the boughs and landed on the bed roll and began to collect. At first she shook them off but Bear advised against it.
“Let it build. The roll will keep the melt out but the snow will keep the warmth in. I'll keep an eye on you to make sure we don't lose you in the drift!” and with that he laughed and sat back against the enormous trunk of their shelter, still tending the flames. Moll nuzzled her head in his hands and led down at his feet. She suddenly wished she had a layer of thick fur too.

*

On the fourth day they ate and drank with the rising sun. The snow had stopped falling just before dawn and now their path was buried under a carpet of white that rose as high as their ankles.
“It's not too deep, thankfully,” Bear said as he moved away. “We should reach Greenmark before evening and I’ve no doubt you'll be grateful for a warm hearth and a hot meal.”
“That's true enough, Bear,” she replied as she sipped tea. “But how will we find it under all this snow?”
“Do you see that hill there?” He pointed with a gloved hand. “Keep it on our left until noon. By then we shall see the smoke from Tom's forge and that''ll be our guide.”
The hill was capped with snow, but jutting out was what appeared to be the remains of a tower. The bricks were blackened as if by fire which helped her to see it amongst the uniform whiteness of the snow.
“What are those ruins up there?” she asked.
“It was once an octagonal tower that could be seen for miles. It was built to mark the man who wanted to walk the ancient pathways, but was stopped by a wealthy land owner who didn't want his land devalued. He ran a coal mine and had his carts hauled up there. When the land owner blocked him, he cleared the paths regardless.”
“Why didn't he just let him pass?” she said.
“Because sometimes people too comfortable can't bear to be made uncomfortable.”
She walked by Bear's side but was drawn to look at the tower for as long as it remained on their left. The idea that a man would have a tower built in his memory simply because he wanted to walk across another man's land seemed incredible to her. Was that all it took to be remembered in time?

“How long has the tower been there?” she asked after an hour or so.
“A long time, during the early days, perhaps even before that” he replied. “Does it matter?”
“How can a man make such a mark on people so they go and build a tower for him?” Bear stopped walking but Moll padded on a little before realising the march had left her behind. She turned her head and peered back at them.
“It bothers you. This tower. Why?” he asked and offered her an apple from what she thought had become a bottomless pocket of apples. She took it and looked again at the ruins. He took a bite of his own and crunched loudly, chewing without taking his eyes off hers.
“There are no towers for Spearheart. Nobody is gathering stone or wood to build one, yet he seems to have done more for the world than this coal miner,” she said “Why him? What makes him so special?”
Alex bit into the apple like it was this foul being who dared die and have a tower built in his honour.
“I don't know. Perhaps you should tell me why no one has built a tower for Spearheart.” Another loud bite. In his hands the apple looked tiny and after two bites it was almost gone. Alex took longer, almost destroying the fruit as if it were the tower itself.
“They don't respect what he's done. What he's still doing for orphans, for people left to die because their parents didn't want them.”
“Orphans like yourself?” he said.
“Exactly. Shouldn't this man deserve a tower? Instead of some coal miner?” Bear finished the core. He spat the seeds out onto the snow and watched them sink beneath the icy floor.
“Do you miss him?” he asked after a few minutes of silence for the dead conversation. Alex couldn't take her eyes off the tower and now a wall of tears were being built under them. “Spearheart loved us...” she choked out the words as if by saying them might make them true. “Spearheart loved...”
“Them,” Bear said. Moll wined and rubbed her leg with her wet nose as the tears fell softly down her cheeks. “He loved the others. But not you.”

She nodded and wiped her own tears away. Then, taking one last look at the tower she turned and set off in the direction of Greenmark.
Chapter 4

THE BLACKSMITH OF GREENMARK

Evening crept upon them like a soupy fog. It seemed to drop down from the sky in a hazy blanket just as the column of white smoke began to disappear over the forge in the centre of Greenmark. It was past supper time and Tom would be retiring to his cottage to take his meal with his family.
Bear, Moll and Hogg descended the hill into the village as the first torches were being lit. The orange glow cast strange shadows on the cobbled street as they entered. The stables were closed and the whinnying of a single horse could be heard from behind the shuttered windows.
“Will we be welcome at such a late hour?” Alex asked as she shuffled her blistered toes within her sodden boots.
“I'm sure we will. Tom is expecting us. Tom always expects me when he least expects me.”
Little of the village could be seen before evening had come. It sat in a valley enclosed on all sides save for a large lake on its eastern flank where, during the spring, boats would set out to bring in their nets. There was a ferry too, and for a small price it would take you across the lake to the sister village of Redmark. In time past this lake had never been here, neither had the villages. Bear knew that it was, in fact, a massive crater formed in the early days that over time had filled with rain water that ran down from the hills. The villages had come later, built up around the trade routes and hunting grounds. He explained as much to Alex who marvelled at the sight of the first real village she had ever seen. There was a bakery, a fish monger and a tanner's workshop, all beautifully signposted in wood with carved letters that Bear had to read for her.
“Tom makes the signs as well as the steel work,” he said, pointing to a small gate that led to an open forge that was still glowing a dull red in the approaching darkness like hundreds of tiny eyes all staring at them. “I'll go and knock. His house is there. With any luck we'll just be in time for supper.”
Weary from the road and sore of foot, Alex followed Bear through the gate and the warmth of the forge was almost too inviting. Past the work bench and the well-kept anvil there was a huge wooden door set into what appeared to be a brick wall. When she looked around she realised that the house was built into the side of a hill, its porch was the only room not buried under the earth. Her eyes struggled to make out the details in the gloom but it was no less impressive to behold. Bear knocked and the sound thundered down into the hill.
“Who is it?” asked a muffled voice from behind the door.
“I always tell you to expect me at any hour, Tom. And here I am. What's for supper?”
The door creaked and groaned as bolts were slid and locks were turned. There was a crack of brilliant white light from the edges that grew and grew as the door opened wider.
“I have no time for bears. Shouldn't you be hibernatin'?” The voice came from a bald, wrinkled head with beady grey eyes that stared at them in the darkness. The remaining light and heat from the forge cast them in an eerie crimson glow.
“Pour me a mug of ale. It's been a cold walk. And open this bloody door.”
Tom was a small man with stooping shoulders and bowed legs but his forearms were like old tree roots, knotted sinew and flesh that looked strong enough to snap bones and bend steel. He laughed as he pulled the door aside to allow the three weary travellers to enter. The heat coming from inside hit them like Tom's hammer and the delicious smells of meat cooking on an open fire made their mouths water.
“Come, take your cloaks and coats off and hang them there. Better take those boots off too and let them dry.”
“I don't think I’ve had the pleasure, Bear,” said Tom looking at Hogg.
“This is one of Spearheart's kin, Alex Hogg.”
“Nice to meet you, Miss Hogg. You look foot-sore and in need of a soak. My wife has just run my bath but I would be more than happy to let you take it while I boil some more water on the forge.”
“I couldn't...” she said without conviction. The last bath she could remember had been in a lake near Spearheart's house and it had been cold. Very cold.
“Of course you can. Now off with you while me and the Bear here have a swift mug of ale before supper. Don't be too long, you'll shrivel like a prune and miss your food. Marj, come here and show Miss Hogg to my bath.”
Marj was a little girl, Tom's only daughter, and she came running from the kitchen in a pretty blue dress with black shoes and white socks. She could only have been around seven years old and she had a toothy grin and auburn hair. She smiled at Hogg, took her grimy hand with its dirty fingernails and led her to the bath which was in a room to the left of the main hall. The tub was large and white and foaming at the brim with bath salts. Marj helped her take off her boots which soon became an agonising effort as every sore and blister was revisited. No sooner had they slumped to the floor than they fell apart at the seams.
“I think you'll need new boots, Miss Hogg,” said Marj, stifling a giggle with her chubby hands.
She took off her jumper and shirt and laid them carefully on a stool by the door. Then came her trousers which had chaffed her thighs terribly. Naked, she tip toed across the cold stone floor and threw herself into the suds. The relief was almost tangible and she sighed, slipping under the hot soapy water.
When she surfaced, Marj was waiting with a cloth and soap to clean herself with. She was still giggling.

*

When she had managed to scrub herself clean and prise out the last fifteen years worth of dirt from under her fingernails, she dressed again and hobbled back into the living room. Her muscles ached and the blisters on her feet stung where she'd let the fluid out. She'd never realised that walking could be so painful until now. Bear was sat by the hearth in a large arm chair that was clearly made by hand and so excellently carved. He was holding a mug of thick and malty brown ale in both hands. Candles on the table lit up the darker parts of the room which had a sloping roof of rough hewn planking. Tom was sat on the other side of the roaring fire in his own chair and was watching his daughter stroking Moll's belly. Moll was loving the attention – and the heat.
“Come, come. Have a seat young lady. Supper is on it's way just as soon as the pork is cooked,” said Tom, waving a large hand at another chair that had been set next to his own. Slightly less intricate in its design, it looked to be made for Marj. She sat down and accepted a cup of hot red wine mixed with spices from Sally, Tom's wife. She hadn't seen her enter the room which was a surprise considering her size. A large, round figure hurried back to the kitchen in a dress of cotton frills and silk lace which looked to be holding on for dear life to her wide hips. She was pretty of face and homely and looked ready to hug anyone who would give her a chance. She disappeared into the golden light that poured into the room like hot honey. Once Alex was sat, Tom resumed his conversation with Bear.
“Sorry, Miss Hogg but I was just telling Bear what I'd heard recently. Was the bath suitable? You look less like this one now!” He laughed and pointed at Bear.
“I loved it, thank you,” she said.
“I don't like this news, Tom,” said Bear. Firelight glittered in his eyes. “I hadn't heard any of this west of here.”
“Aye, it is true enough. A man by the name of Fin came through here a week or so ago, heading north. He was reporting the same in the mid-lands.”
“If it's the same Fin I met in the south then I know him well, but still as much as I trust his report they are still only rumours. No facts present themselves yet. There's been nothing from that place for over thirty years. Why now? The door was sealed long ago by your sister. Have any of our people been there since? Has Fin?” Tom was shaking his head as Bear took a long draught from the mug.
“Fin spoke to a few who had seen the same thing. To the south of Haster's Fell, several claimed to have seen men wearing clothes of steel that glimmered, standing at twice the size of a normal man. These were no mad men, said Fin. They were good folk, honest, and had no gain in lying to him.” Tom had lowered his voice and was leaning forward in his chair. Moll rolled along the floor and Marj continued her giggling, oblivious to what her Father was saying.
“If that's true then the upper stores have been opened. It doesn't mean they've gained access to the labs.”
“Could they?”
“I don't believe there exists any means to do so, at least not by force,” said Bear. “I must sleep on this. It seems that Hogg's quest has been well timed, taking us to the Cursed City where I can perhaps discover what's going on. When we walked away from that twice damned place I'd hoped that it would be for the last time. Perhaps I was wrong.”
“I don't know. You're right on this though – sleep. But before all that, supper and pleasant company.” Then he shuddered so strongly that Alex thought he might faint there and then. Was this place so fearful as to scare even these men? “Let us eat and have an hour or two of peace before we go delving into dark mines to find ideas that should scarce enjoy the light of day.”

For Alex, supper was beyond anything she'd eaten before. Roast pork was served with peas and corn and gravy. There was a bowl of mashed potatoes made with fresh cream and hot bread straight out of the oven. She ate until her belly was fit to burst until Sally came in with an enormous round pie filled with apple and cinnamon. Alex found room for that, as well as the custard that went with it. Then she commanded them back to their chairs in front of the fire and forced a cup of piping hot tea into her hands.
“I cannot sit by and watch your fair wife serve such a fine feast and then sit in comfort while she still works. Sally, sit down now and let me wash up.” Bear grabbed her plump arms and guided her to his own seat. Then he put his own mug of tea into her hands and walked off towards the kitchen to wash the dishes.
“When was the last time you did that for me, Thomas?” she chuckled.
“Why have a dog and bark yourself, eh Marj?” Marj laughed. She seemed to find most things funny. The way Moll pawed her to get a stroke. The way Bear chewed the edge of his beard when concentrating. She laughed or chuckled or both.
Sally turned her gaze towards Alex. “So my dear, what brings you this far from home?”
“I want to travel to the city of Glass and Bone to bring back a relic. I’ve been promised all the lands and wealth of Spearheart if I can return. But now I’m not so sure.”
“Why, my dear? What has caused you doubt?”
Perhaps it was the warmth or the food or just the fact that Alex Hogg, for the first time in her life, was sat in a home and not a house. She was welcomed and not shunned, not dismissed to the far end of the table, not stared at until shame took her hand and led her out of the door. For these reasons, perhaps, Alex found telling the truth through such a loosed tongue remarkably easy. As she explained her tale so far, she could see Bear at the sink, his head cocked to listen to the story he seemed to already know before she had even spoken. Tom and Sally nodded, asked questions at the right moments and when she'd finished a pair of large but warm and loving arms enfolded her as the tears came.
“It's okay, girl.” she whispered into her ear. It was a balm for her burned, bruised heart. “You are home so long as you are under my roof and all the times there after. I was your age once and seldom forget the delicate heart we seemed fated to carry with us. And people fail to realise how easily it is hurt.”

*

Alex slept the deepest, softest sleep she had known for a long time. Her room was small and homely with a duck-feathered mattress and pillow. She snuggled under several woollen blankets and watched the sun rise slowly above the forge, casting rays of golden sunbeams on hammer and anvil. She saw Tom come out and clear a light layer of snow from his bench in a huge sheep skin cloak, then begin lighting the fires of the forge. Birds settled on the roof and watched, singing in disjointed chorus. She could hear Marj chasing Moll around the workshop. Sally gathering eggs from a noisy chicken coup. 
She drifted off into a blended dream of reality where Spearheart had followed her and was now in her room, gathering her small things to bring her back east. Instead she saw Marj and Moll watching her from the other side of the room.
“Good morning,” she said from under the blankets. Moll jumped up onto the bed and began licking her face. Marj began to laugh again. “And you, Moll. You smell of chicken.”
“She's been sniffing the birds again. Come on Moll, breakfast is nearly ready,” said Marj who led Moll out of the bedroom. “Come on, Alex. You're sitting next to me today. We're having toast and egg and bacon and some porridge. There's also goats milk and water if you want. I like goats milk better than water. Water makes me feel icky.”
“I'll be down in a moment, Marj. Thank you.”
Marj and Moll left noisily down the stairs. The warmth kept her still for another minute or two until finally she decided to rush out of the bed and into her clothes. Still without boots she hurried down the stairs after Marj and went into the warm living room where the hearth was roaring away again.
“Where's Bear?” asked Alex as she took a cup of tea from Sally's hands.
“He's out chopping wood round the back. Tom is firing up the forge ready for work. Come, sit.”
“Do you need any help?” she asked. Sally smiled.
“You can bring some of the wood from Bear. The stove will need it shortly.” Sally looked at her feet and nodded towards the porch. “Borrow mine. We'll sort you out with new boots today.”

Outside, Bear was stood before a huge stump where an upright log waited for the fall of his double handed axe. It came swiftly and with a grunt, splitting in two perfect halves. He picked up the pieces and tossed them into a pile by the back door.
“Good morning, Bear,” she said as the axe fell again onto the next log. She picked up an armful and returned inside, placing them at Sally's feet beside the stove.
“Good morning, girl,” he said. “Here, have a try.”
“I can't, I’d chop my legs off,” she said.
“Nonsense. Here.” He handed her the axe. “Hold it like this,” he said, standing behind her and arranging her hands.  “Lift it up over your head.” She did and wondered who might die in the next moment. “Now look at the log and swing, sliding your hands down as you go.” At first she missed completely, taking a wedge off the stump. Then she braced herself for another attempt, bringing the axe head down on the log but failing to split it as evenly as Bear had. “Good. Keep going. Keep your feet apart so if you miss you won't bury it into your legs.”
She swung again and again. Each time she improved until at last the logs were splitting down the centre. Her arms and back ached and the beginnings of blisters were on her palms. Bear made several trips to the kitchen with her successes and just like when she started the fire, she felt a swell of pride and triumph rise up in her chest. She didn't want to stop but the call from Sally to the table was too tempting to resist. Hunger had tagged along with pride.
She washed her hands and quickly took her seat next to Marj just as the bacon was dropped onto her plate. She began to eat at once, smearing butter across thick slices of toast. Bear ate at his usual, careful pace and washed it all down with tea.
“Have you given much thought to our discussion last night?” asked Tom, leaning across the table to stab a sausage with his fork. “You sat in that chair feeding the fire for long enough.”
“Aye, I did. Till the sun rose to be precise. I finished McBride's 'War Of The North' though.”
“How long have you been reading that now? A year?”
“Two. I've read many others in the meantime, seeing as though you wouldn't let me take it away the last time.”
“What did you make of the ending?”
“Let me just say that it didn't help my decision making. I have reached a conclusion though, perhaps the only conclusion there is. I will pick up Fin's trail and hope to catch up with him before he reaches the border. You said he was travelling north and there's nothing there before Oldistown and that's across the wall. He has friends there, if I remember rightly.”
“And what then?” asked Sally.
“Question him for myself. I don't doubt his word to you, Tom, but I need to hear it for myself. I also want to know where he stands himself. If – and I mean if, the door has somehow been opened it will mean division.”
“Division? You mean war,” said Tom. “It means an enemy with the ability to build his or her own empire, to enslave. All the things you've been...”
“Enough, Tom. Don't let your mind run away with the little information we already have. I have lived too long to rush into action at this point. But speed is important and I need to speak to Fin as soon as I can.”
Hogg began to wonder how she would cope with such a journey north in winter when Bear turned and said to her,
“You must stay here, Alex. I will need to move quickly and it will mean a longer distance over less time. You're not ready for this yet, nor would I put this upon you willingly.”
“You can't leave me behind! What about the quest? What about the journey?” she said.
“I asked you at the start of your quest to trust me, despite how it may seem to you. This news has a direct bearing on your quest and I'd be well armed with information before we set out again. This winter will be hard and I can see you're needed here as much as you need to be here. Do you still trust me?” 
“I suppose... I mean, yes, I do.”
“Good. But to back up my words with actions, Moll will remain here.” Marj gave a shout of joy. “As much as I need her, I suspect you would feel less abandoned if you knew I would return for her.”
“Thank-you,” she said.
“You will not be idle,” spoke Tom, solemnly. “By day you will work. You will help me at the forge and I will teach you about blades and metalwork. You will hunt with me and I will show you snares and traps and how to use a bow.”
“And I will show you herb lore and all the healing properties of the many plants you will find on your quest,” spoke Sally in turn. “Also, you'll know how to skin and prepare a kill for eating. You will be able to give this old man a feast every night out there in the South Lands!”
“Don't forget me!” cried Marj. “I can teach you words and writing. You can come to class with Tanya and I!”
“I do not know what to say...” Alex said. Sally put a hand on hers and smiled.
“Say nothing. It's our pleasure. And you, old man,” she said, pointing a sausage sized finger at Bear. “You will return or we will sell your hide to the Tanner and use you as a rug.” They laughed and he held his hands up in surrender.
“I would not risk your wrath, dear Sally. It will be a long trip north and I'm already behind. I'd played with the notion of leaving during the night, but this would've been unfair and cruel to you all. Still, I must leave as soon as I'm ready and hope to reach Fin before the new year. If all goes well, I will return here with Spring on my shoulders.

After breakfast, Bear began to pack, filling his satchel with dried meats and fresh bread. The urgency of his journey meant he would have to travel as light as possible and now that winter was here it would be harder to catch his food or stay warm. 
“You know as well as I that there are no Inns, no homes between here and the border. Be careful, Old Bear.”
“These roads are known to me, Tom. I'll survive, though I may be lighter in frame when I return.”
They stood at the gate to see him leave. Moll whined as she sat by Marj's side, knowing her master was leaving her behind. Alex held back her tears. She passed him his staff and blade as he approached her. Then she threw her arms around him, took a final deep breath of that big bear coat and released him.
“I'll return, girl,” he said softly. “I am no Spearheart, remember that. Take care of Moll. She will miss me and may even come after me. Keep her inside for a few days until my scent is lost.”
“I will, Bear.”
And with that he lifted his scarf over his mouth and pulled his hood over his head and turned away into the strong, southerly wind. Within a few moments he was all but lost in the snow storm that seemed to rise up to mark his leaving.
“Come, girl,” said Tom pulling his sheep skin tighter around his neck. “We have work to do if we are to make you ready for his return.”
Chapter 5

THE WOLF OF GREENMARK

“Routine is the Mother of learning, Alex,” Tom explained as she pumped the huge concertina bellows of the forge. “You may think that, as a young one, 'routine' is boring. A rut to get stuck in. The mature person sees it as a bedrock on which all spontaneous events can occur. Without it, your life quickly becomes rudderless.”
“Becomes what?”
“Rudderless. Boats have rudders to steer them. Without it, you cannot steer. Life is the same.”
“I suppose.”
“Bear warned me about this 'supposing' you do so much of. Let's try saying 'I understand'.”
“Okay,” she said. “I think I understand.”
“No. You 'think you understand' is another way of saying that you don't understand – or worse still, you 'suppose'.”
“I supp... I mean, I understand.”
“Good. If you don't understand then you must ask for understanding. Understood?” Tom was grinning. She nodded.
“What are you going to teach me?” she asked.
“First you must make friends with the forge, learn her ways and how metal can be shaped by her. Then you'll watch me, then you'll have a chance to work while I guide. We'll start with the most common of tasks – repairing or sharpening existing materials before we make our own. Understood?”
“I understand.”
“Excellent.”

She settled into a routine – one that always began with a look out across the hills to see if Bear had returned. As the sun rose she would get dressed to work and make her way to the chopping block. A woodcutter who lived a few houses down towards the lake would leave logs in the yard and she'd split them, the way Bear had showed her, until Sally had enough to last the day. There was a stump in the field at the back of the house and she would often imagine herself felling a dark enemy with the axe, taking swings at its imaginary legs, hacking away at its imaginary chest with swift double strokes back and forth. Her back would ache but it wasn't long before she felt the muscles growing and the swings getting lighter and lighter.
She'd then take her breakfast with Tom and his family before joining him in the forge. Most days she would work the bellows as Tom worked the steel. Sometimes she would hold glowing billets of metal in tongs while he swung a huge hammer with both hands, working the steel into shape on the anvil. With her ears still ringing she would have dinner with Tom at the forge before being allowed to wash her hands and join Sally in the kitchen. She would show her how to prepare meat stored up from summer and what each plant and herb was used for. Marj would take her into the woods to collect them, showing her all the different kinds there were.
As the sun began to sink into the bed of the horizon, Marj would take her to the house of the Lake Keeper who's wife taught the children of Greenmark. Tanya was Marj's friend and, together with a few others who were much younger than Alex, they would sit in their living room and learn numbers and words. The lessons lasted until supper by which point Alex would struggle to stay awake long enough to climb back up the hill to the house where their meal would be waiting for them. They would eat together again and then settle beside the hearth where Tom would play his wooden flute and give a short lesson to Alex. Good nights would be passed around as they all retired to warm beds before starting over again the following morning. Alex would look out of the window at night before going to sleep, looking for him on the horizon. Wondering when her quest would resume.

The routine was pretty rigid and it gave Alex a feeling of stability she hadn't known before. She soon began to understand what Tom had meant about a 'rudder'. She felt her life was starting to have a purpose for the first time, something to be 'doing' instead of simply living.

At midweek a young man would lead a pony and cart along the road and deliver coal from the mines to the forge. Alex would have to shovel the coal into a bunker while Tom spoke to the man and caught up on gossip. People would pay for repairs to pots and pans or tools with metal they might have or that travellers might have paid for their food and shelter with. Tom would separate all the different metals, showing Alex what to look for to identify them apart, then melt them in a crucible at the end of a long handle. Alex would scrape the slag from the top and pour the molten metal into billet moulds made from baked sand and leave them to cool. 
At the end of the week, one of the three fishermen from the lake would offer fresh fish in exchange for bags of hooks that Tom showed her how to make. They had been tricky to form and her already blistered fingers made it even harder to bend the metal around the tool. After a few days of struggle she soon began to rattle them off, making them from left-overs from what ever Tom was making that day. As the fishermen often lost the hooks to broken lines or just clumsiness, she was never out of business and, after Tom had shown her how to make a mould to cast the hooks with, she soon came to be known as the 'hook lady'.
Alex began to meet people too. The forge was often a place where people would stop as they passed by, people usually eager to hear the latest news or to pass around some gossip. Often times Tom would see someone approaching and would roll his eyes at Alex, who's job it was to intercept them before they disturbed him from what he was doing. Or if the person was someone he was particularly trying to avoid, he would retreat into the house and leave her to pass a greeting.
“Is Tom not here today?” they would ask.
“I'm sorry, you just missed him. He's gone to the lake to collect some oil,” she would answer with a smile and continue making hooks before the person could respond. Or, if it was someone Alex wanted to glean some information from, she would compliment them, or inquire about family, which always made them stop and talk. People, she soon learned, loved to talk about themselves. A lot. 

“How's your mother, Jack?” she asked on one occasion as Jack had come up from the lake.
“She's doing fine now, Miss. Up and about after that bloody mule kicked her one.”
Jack worked on the lake with Bob Frostbo's sons. The last of the season's fish were being dragged in and Jack had come up the hillside to collect a recently repaired net and a couple of new gutting knives.
“Heard any news of late?” he asked her. She shook her head.
“You?”
“One of the lads from across the pond met us on the lake last Tuesday. Said he's been seeing all kinds of lights coming from the south. They have a better view on their side of the valley, see. On a clear day you can even see the ocean. Anyways, there's been all kinds of flashes and bangs like lightning, but no storm clouds down that way. Very odd if you ask me.”
“What does he think it was?”
“Can't say. Maybe some of the black powder some of those folks use in them 'guns' you see once in a blue moon. I haven't heard one go off myself, but I’m told it's quite loud and there's a flash too.”
“How far south is Haster's Fell?”
“About a ton? Too far to be coming from there if that's what you're thinking. You heard somethin' I ain't?”
“Doesn't matter,” she said, backtracking. “I thought I heard Haster had a gun. One of those three who came through here last week said something of that kind.”
“Maybe so. but I don't think we'd see him all this way away.”
“No, I guess not.”

As the weeks continued into months and the winter grew colder, Tom would make a point of spending more time at the forge. It was almost as if he was carrying out some strange act of rebellion against the cold; often saying that he saved certain jobs like making an axe head or a large blade for 'cold days' – work that required a lot of hammering and heating. He spent a lot of time moving around the forge, keeping warm and keeping the hammer swinging along with his mouth that was always instructing, always explaining what he was doing and why. He would tell her why he heated one metal one way and another metal another way, how to tell temperature by colour change, when to quench in the trough in water and when to quench in oil. He was always teaching and seemed born to it somehow. She found herself fascinated by it and soon he began to take her place at the bellows or hold a cherry red piece of steel while she shaped it with the hammers.
“No, not there...” he would say, stopping her. “Here, angle the face slightly left and shape the edge like this.”
Her first piece was a small kitchen knife. The edge didn't hold well but he'd shown her where she'd gone wrong. Like the fire and the axe, this knife became precious to her, it was hers, made from scratch, by herself. She formed a handle and riveted it to the tang of the knife and would often cradle it before going to sleep at night, reminding herself that this wasn't all a dream; that she wasn't still sleeping in the scullery of Spearheart's house on a flea ridden blanket, that when she woke up it would be to a forge and a family and not to another day of wandering. Unwanted. Unloved. And always her mind would drift to the Bear who had made it possible, and if he was still alive in the frozen hills where his own quest had taken him.

*

Winter was bringing its full strength to bear on the small village of Greenmark when Tom announced that the new year celebrations were to be held at the lake this year.
“I was speaking to old Bob and his boys this morning. They were just putting up the lights around the harbour when they asked if we could help move some furniture and bring the old burner down for the hog roast.” His eyes were glowing with excitement as much as the fire from the hearth. Alex was bringing in a tray of hot spiced wine in mugs as Tom explained the annual tradition Greenmark enjoyed. “Everyone goes, it's a bloody good party. Wine from the Smiths as sweet and strong as my dear Sally...” he said, winking at her. “A giant hog roast with fresh bread, veg and gravy. Sponge pudding with syrup. Hot apples dipped in honey...” Tom licked his lips and clapped in excitement.
“Does that mean Alex and I'll have to rustle up one of my pies, then?” Sally asked, laughing.
“Of course. This is an especially important event, as this is the first one Alex'll have been to. No one for miles around can enjoy the new year like us at Greenmark.”
“I look forward to it,” she said. Her last new year at Spearheart's house was still fresh in her mind. “Sally said that this was the only time of the year that the people of Redmark come across the frozen lake.”
“Yes, the men come across on skis. A kind of 'rite of passage' for the young lads. We all have a good laugh because one always falls over!” With that he gave a loud roar of laughter and sloshed wine over the brim of his mug. 
“Will Bear join us, Tom?” she asked. “He's been gone for months now.”
“It's a long journey,” he replied. “I'm sure he won't waste a minute. He knows how important this quest is to you. But I’ve known him for a very long time, he doesn't let people down. He'll be here as quickly as he can. Be sure of that.”
“I know. It's just that time is moving on and the sooner we get there then the sooner we can get back. It's not that I don't like it here...” Tom waved away her words.
“I know, I know. I was young once too. Please, be patient. He'll come.”
Moll sat up suddenly from her place before the fire and growled, looking towards the door.
“I guess Moll heard the name of her master,” said Sally, but Tom's mirth was replaced with a serious glare in the same direction.
“Sal, take Marj upstairs. Now.” Tom shot up out of his chair and put on his thick coat and woollen hat.
“What is it, Tom?” asked Alex. Her heart was beating fast, thumping inside her chest. Tom went to a cupboard took a short sword and a thick wooden shield banded in steel with a spiked boss in its centre. Alex went to the only weapon she  knew – the wood cutting axe by the back door. She would have liked a shield too, but wasn't sure that she could wield the axe with one hand.
“To me, Moll,” said Tom and rushed out of the front door, Alex quickly following.

The cold was fierce and she soon wished she'd stopped to put on her coat. A snow storm had swelled in the valley and a flurry of white dust spun and swirled in the air. It did little to hide the shapes forming on the road beyond the forge. They were dark and low to the ground and Moll growled from deep within her throat.
“Wolves. Looks like a dozen of them.” He spun round, his hair already coated in white. There was a brass bell hanging from the framework of the forge and Tom grabbed the rope and began swinging on it. The din was terrific but effective as people soon began to emerge from their white-washed homes. “WOLVES!” he cried. “WOLVES. ARM YOURSELVES!”
The shapes began to take form, turning in the storm to see where this new sound was coming from. Tom rushed to meet them, shield raised. Taking a deep breath, Alex adjusted the grip on her axe and sped after him.
They were in the middle of the road. She counted seven, maybe eight close together. There were more coming down the hill, slowly. Eerily. Like wraiths. Tom stopped just before the nearest beast and adjusted his stance; low, the shield covering body and neck, sword raised. Moll was to his right and her back was up. White teeth shone in the light like bleached bone knives. Alex took her place at his left.
“Get back inside, girl.” Tom said. She shook her head, not allowing fear to wedge its black foot in the door.

It was a stand off for the moment. Neither moved. Those on the hill had stopped and all those deep crimson eyes locked onto the three defenders.
“How do you fight them?” she said, whispering.
“Keep the forge at your back. Don't let them get around you. We fight back to back. Leave Moll to it, she'll go for the leader. When he falls the rest should follow.”
“You've fought them before?”
“Years ago. Me and the Bear. I wish he was here. No offence. The longer this stalemate holds the more time we have for the others to help. Take your lead from Moll. She'll...”
It was too late. The moment came as Moll crashed through the wolf ranks and careened into the largest of the pack. They rolled away but soon disappeared behind a wall of fur and eyes that advanced upon them.
Tom stood his ground as they came. The first snarled and snapped at his shield, its partner circling round his sword arm. Another came at Alex who dropped the axe to the right and swung upwards, slicing into bone and flesh. The wolf howled and leapt backwards onto its maimed paw and collapsed, just as Tom smashed the face of another with the spiked boss. His sword sliced a third but more were forming a line a few feet away.
“As soon as they draw blood, we're finished,” Tom said, panting more from the strain on his nerves than physical effort. Alex could see Moll still wrestling with the leader but even her size would not gain her the kill. They broke and backed off each other, then rejoined amidst snarling and biting.
People began to gather and relief was etched on Tom's face. They bore long poles with sharp points and flaming torches.
“FORM A LINE!” Tom shouted. “PUSH THEM BACK!”
The eyes broke away and began to size up the opposing pack. The snow still came, relentlessly, silently. Only the wind tore at their ears.
Suddenly, Moll howled in pain and fell. Alex's heart broke. This was his dog and she couldn't face him again if she were to die now.
Unthinking, she lunged forward and swung the axe. The line of wolves parted from sheer confusion as the blade flashed past them and arced through the air. It came down again on the neck of the leader as it stood over Moll. Hot, thick blood sprayed across her face as the axe buried itself in the wolf, parting its head at the shoulders. Still in the grip of rage, she planted a foot on its corpse and yanked the weapon free in time to slam it into the beast to her left. Its spine splintered audibly before flopping on the ground, teeth still barred. Jaws clamped around her ankle and bit deep into the thick leather of her boots. The axe fell again and again until she saw the pack break and run back up the hill and into the woods, leaving their dead behind.

“Moll!” Alex said and dropped to her knees at the huge dog's body. She whimpered and Alex ran her numb fingertips through the matted fur that dripped with gore. The wound was in her belly and about the size of her hand, jagged tears that caused the loose skin to flap about wetly. Her stomach rolled and she thought she would vomit there and then. “Tom, Tom, she's wounded,” she called out. But even as she spoke she gasped in horror. The wound was moving, writhing, the flesh pulling itself back together. The two sides of the gaping hole closed by itself and the last drops of blood fell alone into the already bright red snow. In moments the tear had sealed and disappeared, until finally the fur rejoined and any trace of injury was gone.
Moll snorted, shook her head and jumped clumsily back onto her feet. In seconds her tongue was lapping up the slick red smears on Alex' face. But Alex was too stunned to respond. Only the hand of Tom on her shoulder woke her from her shock.
“There's much you don't know, Alex. Come inside. You're cold and shivering. The villagers'll deal with the dead.” Unable to do much else, she simply nodded and clambered unsteadily to her feet.
Chapter 6

THE FOOL OF YESTERYEAR

“I know what I saw, Tom. Moll should be dead. I could see her insides,” said Alex, warming herself beside the hearth.
“Yuck!” said Marj.
“I know what you saw. But an explanation? I'm not sure I can give you one. Nor is it my decision. This is no satisfying answer I do not doubt, but perhaps the only one who can answer this is the old Bear himself. Moll is his and he is Moll's and there is an odd relationship there that I would not feel bold enough to comment on. Come spring I am sure you will have the answers you want,” Tom said. He held his cup nervously, as if a great and fearful secret had been loosed without him being able to stop it.
“Have you known. Before tonight, I mean?” Tom nodded. “How?”
“It was a long time ago. Me and the old Bear were out hunting two murderers who'd fled Redmark. We tracked them for many days until we reached the coast. Moll caught their scent near a cave on the beach and flew in after them. We heard a sound like thunder echo around the rocks, but before we could even get there, Moll was dead in the sand. Shot by two cowards who slew an unarmed fisherman over a few bits of metal. I thought the Bear would've gone crazy with rage at the sight of Moll dead. But no. Instead he just walked past her, called her name and up she got and shook out the lead shot from her fur. She took the throat out of one of those boys. Bear just brought that big old blade down in one stroke and took the head clean off the shoulders of the other. No anger. No fury. When I asked him about it he just shrugged the way he does and played it down as a glancing shot. I saw that dog go down, that was no 'glance'.”
“And later?”
“Like I said.” Tom got up out of his chair. “Ask him. Though I doubt you will like the answer.”

The next day, as Alex worked the forge, several people came and stood at the gate, thanking her for what she'd done.
“If you hadn't seen them off, I don't know what I would've done. They'd have had my little ones for sure,” one woman had said. Alex had flushed with embarrassment and managed to smile before escaping to her work. A man on his way to the woods with an axe on his shoulder simply shouted to her 'I always tell people – an axe is better than any sword!'. The attention was too much and after dinner she was glad to be able to retreat to the kitchen to help in the crafting of this magnificent pie that Tom was expecting at the New Year celebrations.
It was a tradition that, Sally explained, came from her mother who used to bake a huge beef pie with the richest gravy for miles around. It was special because to put that much beef in a pie was a huge sacrifice from any family's winter stores; her mother had touched the people of Greenmark so much so that the pie was more in her honour than that of the new year. This time though, Sally had gone out to the butcher down the hill and acquired the meat that morning.
“We decided that this meat would serve as an equally grand sacrifice this year, seeing as though it could have cost people their lives,” and with that she took a large bag of bloody wolf meat from her sack and began to prepare it for the pie.
“That seems in rather bad taste, Sall,” Alex said with a smile.
“Non-sense. These animals, regardless of their ferocity, were that hungry due to such a harsh winter, that they risked their lives to attack us in the hope of getting some fresh meat to take home. All animals deserve respect, but especially these wolves. We respect them by not wasting a single gram of their bodies. The meat will be eaten. The fur is already with the Tanner and the blood will be put towards fertilising the crops for next year. In this way we show our respect and gratitude for these animal's lives.”
“I guess I hadn't thought about it before,” said Alex. “We respect them by not wasting them.”
“We're no different than they are, Alex. We're all trying to get along, to survive, and perhaps even enjoy ourselves occasionally. Dying is just as much a part of life as living is. There is honour in realising that. Once you elevate yourself above them, your arrogance will blind you.”

A day later the Tanner came across the road with a large bundle in his arms.
“For you,” he said and held it out to Alex. “For stopping the wolves. It seemed only right.” Again the heat smothered her cheeks as she took the mass of fur from his hands. His face was a plea for satisfaction – this was an important piece to him. She unfurled it and lifted it into the air by its shoulders. It was a coat, long and heavy, not too dissimilar to the one worn by Bear, except this one was beautifully made for her. The dark grey fur of the wolves was inverted to line the coat and the thick hide was dyed a pale blue colour. There was a high collar of coarse hair that was shaped into a wide hood and the garment finished just above her ankles.
“I don't know what to say... it's amazing,” she said, choking back tears of joy. “Thank you.”
The Tanner blushed and returned to his shop. Tom tutted.
“They're spoiling you,” he said, laughing. “At this rate the old Bear won't recognise you.”
After that she was rarely seen without the beautiful coat and people began to look upon her as one of their own. The thought both warmed her heart and filled her with terror. On the one hand, it was an enormous rush to know she was finally loved after all this time, but on the other, she was terrified of large groups of people and it seemed no matter where she went she drew a crowd.

*

As the night of the new year's party came she felt this same fear well up inside her as she put on her best and cleanest boots, jumper and pants. For too long she had been scared of people. People had opinions and opinions hurt. She had heard the sniggers at Spearheart's house. Seen the sideways glances as people looked at her in rags, living in the kitchens.
From her bedroom window she could see the huge bonfire near the lake. People were already gathering and she took deep breaths as she looked at herself in the mirror. Still the same crooked teeth. The same stubby nose. Her hair had grown back down to her shoulders now, but all she saw was a greasy mess despite washing it twice before braiding it the way Sall had shown her. The mirror was useless, she concluded. It would never be a true reflection as long as she remembered. She turned away from it just as Marj knocked and came in.
“Are you ready, Alex? I've got my big warm coat on, my fluffy gloves, my hat and my big boots today. I'm snug and warm!” Marj spun round to give her a full show of her outfit. Alex could only see a whirling blur of fur.
“I'm as ready as I could be, Marj. Lead the way.”

The weather had decided to rest that evening as the ladies of Tom's house made their way down the hill towards the roaring fire and the rare sounds of a party. Music floated along the breeze towards them. It was upbeat and merry, strings and flutes and a big bass drum pounding out a rhythm through the cold ground and up their legs. The smell of roasting meat hung to every beat, carried along by it, letting go only to assault their noses as the tune laid siege to their ears. As they walked more people joined them, leaving their homes as they passed. Everyone had worn their best smile and all made a special effort to greet Alex and thank her if they hadn't done so already. They also made comment about her wonderful coat and ran cold fingertips along it's smooth surface.
“Fred has done an amazing job with this,” they would say. Alex had never thought to ask the Tanner for his name. She felt a little ashamed.
They met Tom at the fire, helping to throw on some of the larger logs. He was with Bob and his sons – three muscled lads who worked the lake. Alex had met them before and they often seemed to look at her like a little sister. They bought her hooks for their lines and often brought her fish to pass on to Sall. Sall had seen them talking to her and winked at Alex, but if they did take an interest in her, she couldn't see it. Mostly the meetings felt awkward and forced and she couldn't wait for them to leave back down the hill.
“He fancies you,” Sall would jest.
“Why?” was all Alex would say in reply. Why would they fancy me?

By the time Tom had finished, the party was well under way. In the centre of the boat yard, a large canopy had been raised and tables were set out in an open square. Each table had food from each of the families that made up the village. Some had baked pies and pastries, others had made soups poured into thick trenchers of bread to take away. One table had bottles upon bottles of honey-brewed mead and ale. Another, wines both red and white. A family from the wood cutters had carved spoons and bowls for people to take and put food in from each of the tables.
“They expect you to try everything.” Sall whispered in her ear. “Pace yourself!”
Alex took a bowl and spoon and began to move around, taking a bit of broth here, a pie there. Then as she passed the drinks table, a big mug made from horn was pressed into her hand by a young girl, the daughter of Alan Frostbo – the chief brewer of the village who's vats were down by the lakeside.
“Thank you.” she said to the girl. “What is it?”
“Wolf's Scalp. It's a new beer my Dad has been making. He named it in your honour.”
“Give my thanks to him then.” She felt her cheeks flush again and she quickly hid them behind the mug and drank.

As the food was quickly turned to empty pots and dirty spoons, the music broke in and sound replaced taste as the next course on the menu. The people were invited to stand (it was too cold to sit) round the fire as musicians were introduced to grateful applause. There were guitarists, drummers, violinists and even a drum solo from one of Bob's sons. They each played a tune or sang a song as Frostbo's people moved around the crowd with mugs of mulled wine to fight the cold with. Even Tom took a turn with his flute, playing a slow, sad song that moved many to tears. Finally, Bob stood in front of the village and, with a mug in his hand, began to chant rather than sing. After a single verse the crowd followed, chanting the chorus like a droning mantra. Alex had heard the song before, mostly when Tom was hammering at the forge and wanted to keep rhythm.

I was a boy from yesteryear,
With time upon my side.
I'd dance and sing and love my girl,
On this I have not lied.
But now I am an old man grey,
With salt upon my brow.
No more dance and no more song,
And where is my girl now?

Gone all gone and gone again.
Time has took them all.

I was a man from yesteryear,
With time upon my side.
I'd work and toil and ply my trade,
On this I have not lied.
But now I am an old man grey,
With lines upon my face.
No more work and no more toil,
My girl is in a better place.

Gone all gone and gone again.
Time has took them all.

I am a fool from yesteryear,
No time upon my side.
I sit and think and wait too long,
And still I have not lied.
I am an old man still too grey,
With eyes that do not see.
No more sit and no more thought,
With my girl I will soon be.

Gone all gone and gone again.
Time will take us all.

There was silence after the final line was sung, and for several minutes it seemed that there might never be sound again. Only the crackling of the fire and the hiss of hot fat falling from the roasting meat could be heard on the wind.
“As always we remember the past.” Bob broke the silence with his booming voice. “We remember, because no one can hope to travel forward safely without often looking over his shoulder. No one can begin a journey without first looking back to where he has come from. Let none of us be mistaken. We are here now because long ago people stopped looking back before striding ahead. People forgot the past. They forgot who they were in the world. They forgot that, in the end, time does take us all.”
The village stamped their feet in response. Four times only, in unison. The ground rumbled beneath her feet. It was to remind the dead, Tom had explained. It was a symbol for those buried beneath them. The fool from yesteryear. 
“But we also look now to the future. To another year. To another harvest. To another summer. Good things, things to be thankful for. And next year, at time's dawn, we will sing again.”
Then there was applause. Clapping and stamping feet. Mugs cracking against one another. Cheers. Joy. Things that for the last fifteen years of her life had been alien to her. 

The rest of the evening was a happy blur. At some point the beer and wine had begun to numb her mind. She remembered dancing. She remembered watching the men of Redmark make their way across the ice looking like frozen birds, arms flapping in the air, trying desperately not to flop to the ground. They'd all made it across that year without anyone falling in to the lake. Then she remembered stumbling back up the hill with Tom and Sally and Marj, Moll still padding behind with a leg from the roast in her jaws. Bob had given it to her at the end having been amazed at how she had sat there, staring up at it for the entire night without attempting to steal any. The presence of the animal that somehow could not be killed was both unnerving and comforting – like clutching a sharp sword to your chest at night but scared of what might happen if you fell asleep holding it. It seemed like Moll could sense her unease and tried often to snuggle up to her, to muzzle her face with hers until she giggled and stroked her head. 

And soon life returned to normal. Her routine resumed as winter continued to belch out its last mouthfuls of anger at the world. As soon as it began to ease, Tom took her into the woods and began to teach her to hunt. The wildlife was just beginning to return to its own routine and was easily caught in either snare or arrow. She soon learned how to track creatures, even as the snow continued to melt under the nearing spring, and to lay snare and craft traps. She studied the bow, taking down a young deer one day as it happened to pass them by. Her first kill had shaken her a little until she remembered what Sally had told her, about respecting the creature and not wasting a single part of it. She wasn't killing for fun, she was killing to feed her family. As the wolves would have done. As the Bear would be doing. She carried the animal home and Sally showed her how to clean and skin it. The hide she gave to Fred in exchange for a satchel to carry her things in. 
In all the time at Tom's, she'd never forgotten the quest. Often she looked up the hill, waiting for that old Bear to come walking down and tell her it was time to go. She felt ready now, prepared with her coat and her satchel of herbs and camping stuff and her new boots. She wanted to be on the road again. But with each passing day her heart sank a little more. And somewhere deep within, she began to feel the nagging doubt that had plagued her since the day she'd set off. It was the same one written across Bear's face every time she mentioned the promise. An expression of sadness. Pity. For her. For believing it.
Chapter 7

A COLD SEND OFF

It was a warm morning that whispered of summer when Alex woke up and looked out of her window at a huge black horse that was idly chewing at a hay bale just outside of the forge. Thinking nothing of it, she changed into her work clothes ready for another day. Tom had been busy, now that the village was alive again, winter put away for another year like an old coat. There was a call for repairs on things that hadn't survived the cold – pans, boilers and stoves. She liked these jobs as they were always paid in kind, a pie here, some credit with the Tanner there. Already her room was being furnished with little bits and pieces she'd either bought or traded for. She was particularly fond of a little wooden model carved by the woodcutters in return for sharpening a few axe heads last week. It was made into the likeness of a young couple who stood in each others arms and looked about to kiss, her head looking up to his, their arms entwined. It had been gently carved and smoothed and attached to a base. She'd placed it carefully on the top of the small hearth in her room and when she drifted to sleep at night their lover's shadow played gracefully across the wall.
As she went downstairs to begin chopping logs she realised that the axe wasn't at the back door where she always left it. Tom was outside at the forge, she had already seen him. Sally was in the kitchen and Marj was sat beside the hearth with Moll. Then she heard it. The whistle of the blade, the thud of the log splitting. The crack of wood on wood as the pieces fell. Then he came in, arms loaded with kindling. Bear.
Alex screamed with joy and ran to him, throwing her arms around his huge body, breathing in his familiar scent that she had missed so much.
“You're late! You said spring. It's nearly summer now!” she said.
“I know and I'm sorry. I have a story to tell you that''ll perhaps help you to forgive me,” he said. She suddenly realised how much she had missed that deep growl of his. His big hands held her shoulders and he smiled. “But first, breakfast. I haven't had a proper meal in weeks.”
“I'll get you some tea,” she said. “It's so good to see you.”
“I'm glad of that. I thought that perhaps you'd forgotten me out there, in the cold. I suppose I missed Sally's pie then?”
“Oh, the new year party was amazing,” said Alex. “I've never seen anything like it before. The food was delicious, there was music and...”
“Sit down, girl,” said Tom as he walked in. “You'll do yourself some harm in a minute with all this excitement.”
“I just... there's so much I want to...” She stopped, composed herself. “Yes, I’ll sit down.”
“Good,” said Bear. Tom went to the kitchen and returned with two bowls of porridge, still steaming hot and laced with honey. “Thank-you, Tom. I've missed the warmth of a hearth and good friends. I'm afraid the hospitality beyond the border isn't what it once was.”
“You ended up across the wall?” Tom said, stunned. “That far?”
“I will get to my tale soon enough. First, I will eat while Alex tells me the news from your end,” he said. “I fear this girl has been spoiled in my absence.” He pinched her arms gently. “There's muscle here now and look at those pretty boots and clothes. You've been working hard then?”
“Tom's had me working the forge. I can make all kinds of things now.”
“I'll admit, she's a quick learner,” said Tom.
“You've had a good teacher,” added Bear. “And I hear there's a coat to rival my own? Made from wolf hide no less.”
Sally appeared in the doorway with it and Alex rushed to put it on, spilling porridge onto the floor which Moll was quick to attack with her tongue. She turned on the spot to show him. “It's very nice. Fred hasn't lost any skill over the years.”
“He has an apprentice now, Smitty from down the road,” said Tom.
“Good. That boy needed some guidance. Well then, tell me the rest, Alex Wolf's-bane.”

She told the tale of the last seven months as Bear listened and ate. The porridge was soon done and hot bread and eggs followed. Alex told of the party, the people she'd spoken to and her reading with Marj, at which point Bear demanded a demonstration. He was given paper and pencil and he wrote down a few words and asked her to read them aloud.
“Non sibi sed aliis,” she read. “I don't know what it means though.”
“Nor should you. Your reading is brilliant considering you've only had such a short time to learn it in. But the phrase is from another language and it means not for yourself but for others,” said Bear. His face changed in the morning light and grew grave. “Tell me about the wolves.”
“They came down during the worst of the winter. Huge. Hungry. It was Moll who knew they were here first, she warned us they were outside...”
“We rushed out there, armed, and held them long enough to rally the village to fight them off. Alex was by my side the whole time, you'd have been proud,” said Tom. “I was.”
“Moll knew what to do,” Alex said. “She took the leader on herself. They fought and fought but in the end, Moll lost. Her belly was ripped open... I...”
“Waded in to save her,” said Bear.
“What else could I do? I thought he was about to kill her.”
“To which I am very grateful. It was very brave of you. But you learned something about her, didn't you?”
“Her guts were all over the snow, I saw them... then they just...”
“I know,” he said. “It is a strange thing to see.”
“Why though? How does she heal like that?” Sall came in with tea and cleared away the dishes.
“In order to explain it I would have to explain to you the last thousand or so years. I would speak in strange tongues, describe things and machines you have never seen or heard of before. It'll be easier to show you, but for that we must return to my own story, that of the last few months.”
“I thought you would have caught up with Fin before hitting the border. What happened?” said Tom.
“I did catch up with him before then. After leaving here I put a good number of miles between myself and Greenmark that day, despite the heavy snowfall, and for several days after that. As you'd said to me before, the path along the toes of the Peninnen mountains is treacherous at best and there are few signs of life in those parts. Still, I caught sight of Fin's camp at the end of the month and crossed the distance between us through the night. I was eager to speak with him and he knows those hills better than I.”
“Who is this Fin then? I only met him as he passed through, I didn't take him to be that special. Just another wanderer.”
“I met Fin long ago when I was on the coast to the south-west,” said Bear. “He was a great help to me when I needed someone to negotiate with the sea-traders at Sinosi. They refused to deal with me, saying that they only exchanged goods with locals. Some sort of agreement they've had for generations there. Fin was a local lad and he stepped in. I was able to move a good bit of stuff before I had to leave. Since then we've kept track of each other, meeting up from time to time. Fin had seen me following and had got a fire and some food together by the time I arrived. As I spoke to him, the story unravelled a little more and we decided to press on towards the border. That was where he was heading, back to Oldistown, to look into a rumour he'd heard in the south. A rumour that strange sounds had been heard near Vaagstad. Lights in the sky, black shapes in the air. The source of the rumour had been a group of Gypsies who had stayed out there for a month, working the mines to build up enough funds to make the journey south to the End Gate.”
“You don't hear of the Gypsies any more,” said Tom.
“What are Gypsies?” asked Alex.
“Travellers. They move around in large groups, nomads, usually by horse and cart. Most I knew of had gone through the gate and were in the east now. Nobody is sure where these had surfaced from,” said Bear. “Knowing they weren't in the habit of lying about such things, it made sense to stop at Oldistown before heading west to Vaagstad. Sure enough, there were others who had heard and seen things coming from there too.”
“I remember Vaagstad,” said Tom, shivering. “Horrible place. A tomb if nothing else.”
“And a tomb it was still meant to be,” said Bear. “Fin and myself made good time through the hills and came upon the place just as you were readying for your new year's celebrations.”
“That would have been harsh weather up there.”
“It was. It gave us a chance to approach relatively unseen though. The doors had clearly been forced and once we were inside we could see it'd been retaken. There were fresh supplies that had never been there before, tracks under the snow. Worse still, the runway had been cleared and several of the Jets were missing.”
Tom had gone pale like he'd been touched by a wraith.
“I don't understand. What are 'jets' and why is it important that the 'runway' had been cleared?” she said.
“Please bear with me, Alex. This is difficult to explain but Vaagstad was, is, a base where people would keep their weapons during a war. But bigger, more dangerous weapons than you have ever seen, from a long time ago. They had long since been made harmless and only a few people still knew where the entrance was. But it would seem someone has decided to re-arm them and make them work again. That can only be done if the doors really have been opened.”
“Then it's true,” said Tom. “They're dead.”
“It would seem so. I've no reason to think otherwise. Those Jets can only fly with the equipment we buried there, behind those steel doors. Take that and the sightings of armoured troops near Haster's Fell and the conclusion is self-evident. The doors to Fort Longsteel are open. The upper stores have been taken and your sister, and all her people, are dead.”

Silence. Painful, throbbing silence. Tom's skin had turned ashen and he stared at his hands, resting in his lap, as if the fingertips held all the answers he needed; if only he could burrow into them with his penetrating glare.
“We shouldn't have let her stay,” Tom finally said. “We should...”
“It was her choice,” said Bear who reached out to put a hand on Tom's arm, but he recoiled suddenly as if his touch had burned.
“Her choice, or yours? You were always pushing her, always encouraging her to stay and you knew this day would come!” said Tom suddenly full of venom. “Why didn't you let her come home with me? Why?”
“She wanted to stay. She was the best person we had. No one knew those machines like she did, no one could...”
“Does it keep you warm at night? Thinking you had no choice, that she did it to herself? She could have been called back years ago. You only had to say the word!”
“She chose to stay. She had helped those people for so long, they loved her, she would never...”
“Rubbish. She loved them and now she's dead. Who's going to replace her down there then? This one?” Tom pointed at Alex and the look on his face terrified her.
“Stop this,” said Bear. “This accomplishes nothing.”
“That's it, isn't it? As long as the job gets done, who cares what happens to people? What's a few corpses in the grand scheme of things? Easy for you to say,”
“Tom, don't.”
“Easy for you! How many dead have you seen over the years? Hundreds? Thousands? Millions? Everyone around you, dead, all except you! Just more bodies to lay the foundations of your Utopian society with.” Tom was frenzied now, his face flushing with a deep shade of red that made the paleness of before just a distant memory. Alex realised suddenly that he had grasped the bread knife in his right hand and his knuckles were clenched white around the handle. She also saw that Moll was nowhere to be seen. “Easy to send others to their deaths despite being unable to die himself!”
Tom was on his feet. Time slowed to a crawl. Bear had never taken his eyes of him.

Until the knife left the table and slammed into his chest.

Alex tried to scream. Her mouth opened but nothing would come out. There was something in her throat that blocked the sound. A spray of crimson covered the wall behind her and she fell backwards off the chair just as they did. Tom got to his feet first, tears flooding down his cheeks as he dropped the knife, hands shaking violently.
“What have I done?” he muttered to himself.
Almost instantly the blockage vanished and Alex let out a piercing scream, rushing over to Bear and trying to stop the jets of blood from escaping through the wound.
“I can't stop it...” she said, sobbing. “It won't stop!” Even with both her hands covering the horrible gash in his chest, the blood managed to spurt through her fingers. She screamed again, wondering where Sally and Marj and Moll where. Why weren't they helping? “Tom, get help!”
“I...”
“NOW!”
Tom stumbled out through the door as Sall rushed in, Moll behind her. Would Moll attack him? He'd killed her master, her friend.
“Alex, what happened?” Sall said, dropping to her knees beside Bear. “Tom?” Tom had gone, fleeing out through the front door.
“It's stopping...” Alex said. “He's... dead.”
“Alex...”
“HE'S DEAD!” she cried and looked down at her blood-slick hands. The flow had lost pressure, the thick red life blood was just a steady, pulsing dribble now. 
“Alex. Stop, girl.” said Sally who took her shaking hands in hers. “Look.”
Alex looked down at the wound and saw Bear looking back up at her. His hand met hers and he began to get back on his feet. She couldn't move. She just stared up at him and before long he had to help her up and wipe his blood from her face.
“Like Moll...” said Alex.
“Like Moll,” he said.

They found Tom sat by the lakeside over an hour later. Bob Frostbo had found him, seen the blood and sat with him, sending his son up to the forge to fetch Sally. She and Alex came as Bear cleaned up the mess.
“I thought there'd been an accident,” said Bob. “All that blood and Tom as pale as a sheet. I thought it best not to leave him here on his own in case he wandered off again.”
“There was an accident, but everyone is fine now. Thank-you, Bob,” said Sally as she wrapped Tom's sheepskin cloak around his shoulders. She bid Frostbo good day and began to walk Tom up the hill, one on either side of him.
In the spring breeze that blew across from the east, Alex felt a sickening mix of relief and fear welling up inside her. Relief that Bear wasn't dead, but also fear, fear at what Bear and Moll were.
“They can't die...” she said, almost to herself.
“Good for Tom that they can't,” said Sall.
“How long have they been like that?” she asked.
“For as long as I’ve known them.”
“When was that?”
“Well I was three when I first remember him and Moll coming down that hill. Even then people were saying they knew his Granddad, but they couldn't fool me. In whispers round the hearth you could hear some of the old timers saying how they'd known him since they were boys and their dads before them.”
“How?”
“Only he can tell you that. All I know is that he and Tom, with Tom's sister, went south a long time ago, to the cursed city and she didn't return. There's something there Tom won't talk about with me. Something from long long ago, a place where things are kept. Things from before...”
“Before what? Before the early days?”
“Before even then, I suspect,” said Sally.
“And you both knew he and Moll couldn't be killed? How?”
“It was a secret he shared with us long ago. Not many people know, I think. Some suspect, but most put it down to legend, just myths to be shared around the ale. But he's as old as the hills, that man. You can see it in his face sometimes when he looks out from the garden. He'll just stare and stare as if he can...” she paused.
“He can what?”
“Well, I fancy he's remembering. Remembering what it was like once. Before it was all taken away from him.”

*

Alex sat on the edge of her bed with the two lovers in her hands. Her eyes were sore and the bitter taste of salt was on her lips. How did I get here? she wondered. I should have stayed. I should have never... 
There was a knock at the door.
Go away...
Another knock.
Leave me alone...
The door opened a little. A creak. The thud-thud of thickly soled boots on old wooden floor boards. The scent of the forest and of dried mud on cracked leather. Camp fire smoke that stung the nose.
“How are you?” he asked. There was a chair near the window she would sit in sometimes, looking west as the sun slipped into its bed. “May I sit?” She nodded. He sat down gently, reverently.
“What was it like? Before all this... before it changed.”
“It was... different. Busy. Frantic. People were always moving, always needed to be somewhere like they were always late.”
“I don't mean other people. I meant you.”
“Oh.”
“Did you have a life? Was it like this one? Did you have friends?”
“I had a job.”
“What was it?”
“A gardener.”
“A what?”
“A gardener. I went to people's houses and made their gardens look nice. A flower bed here, a privet hedge there.”
“Did you have one?”
“What?”
“A garden? Did you have one?”
“No. I lived in a flat.”
“What's that?”
“A building with lots of floors. Like this one, but with more stairs. I lived on the thirty-second floor. No gardens that high.”
“Did you have a family?”
“Two brothers. Mum and Dad died when we were young.”
“What were they like?”
“My brothers? I was the youngest. They looked after me, made sure I got through school...”
“What's school?”
“A place where you learn.”
“Is that where you learned to be a gardn'eer?”
“Gard-ener.”
“Gardener. Is it?”
“No. I went to college.”
“What's a college?”
“A place where you learn more things.”
“Like gardening.”
“Yes.”
“Did you ever love anyone?”
“I had a girlfriend, but she left me.”
“Why?”
“She met someone else.”
“Who?”
“My friend.”
“Did you stay friends?”
“Yes.”
“Even though he took your girlfriend?”
“Yes.”
“Was she pretty?”
“Like starlight on snow. As fierce as fire on a mountain top when the lightning comes.”
“Did you love her?”
“Yes.” Rain began to tap at the window as the clouds rolled in from the north. “We can't stay,” he said.
“I know.”
“You hired me to take you to the cursed city.”
“He stabbed you.”
“Do you still want to go?”
“He was your friend.”
“We must leave today, before noon if possible.”
“He stabbed you through the heart.”
“Sally tells me...”
“Your friend stabbed you through the heart! Your friend, Bear. My friend.” She held the beautiful couple up to the sunlight. “My friend.”

Then, with a gentle twist of her wrist, she threw the carving into the flames. 
Chapter 8

HUNTERS IN THE DARK

After they'd passed around the lake, the clouds split and the rain fell like a million arrows loosed by a million heavenly archers. The path turned to thick brown sludge beneath their boots and even Moll, with her tail curled under herself, cowered as her fur was beaten down and splattered with clods of soil. Even Bear stooped slightly and leaned a little more on his staff as he pushed ahead.
“I never believed I could be grateful to a pack of wolves, but I am,” said Alex over the din. Inside her huge coat she was still warm and dry, looking out into a world under siege. She meandered along, trying to avoid the deeper pockets of mud and checking the ground ahead with her staff. “Why didn't we take the horse?” she asked.
“It wasn't mine. It was just good fortune that Frostbo had family in Oldistown who could loan me the beast. One of his sons will return it in summer when he visits them. Besides, once we hit the mid-lands a horse will draw too much attention. They're rare down those parts. We need to pass through as quietly as possible.”
“Where are we heading to next?” she asked.
“30 miles south-east to Fenshirk. There we can cross the river and stick to the low lands. If we head due south from here we'll be in the hills again, and given the weather I think we'd better give them a wide berth.”
They trudged onwards, following the slick, muddy path that sucked lustily at their boots. It seemed to take longer than they had expected to put the lake, and Greenmark, behind them. Alex turned at the crest of a small rise to take a final look back, but it was already gone; veiled by a curtain of rainfall that seemed to turn the countryside into a faded ghost land filled with the sorry spirits of the dead. She caught up with Bear
“I'll miss Sally and Marj,” she said. “Will they be okay?”
“I think so. Tom was starting to come round when we left, he'll be back at the forge in a day or two.”
“He'd never... I mean, he wouldn't harm them, would he?”
“I never would have thought he could harm me. I was wrong,” he said, his words muffled by his hood and the rain, the never ending rain. “I don't think he would harm Sally or Marj, but people can surprise you, sometimes horribly.”
“Is anyone safe then? Can anyone be trusted?”
“I've always looked at trust as something to put down as an investment. When you trust someone, you're investing that trust in them and you hope you'll get a good return. But there are good investments and there are bad ones. How much you invest is up to you. How much are you willing to lose if it doesn't turn out the way you wanted it to?”
“How much did you 'invest' in Tom, then?” she asked. Bear shook his head.
“A lot. And I did get a good return. There have been many years of friendship there, and a bread knife to the heart is only a setback.” Alex laughed. “I'm glad you find my misfortune amusing.”
“I'm amazed you've taken it so... well,” she said.
“You have to laugh or you'll cry. I guess I deserved it.”
“How so?”
“He was right, to some small degree. I did encourage Marianne to stay.”
“Marianne?”
“Tom's sister. The problem was she was the only person fit to do the job and she knew it. She could have come back with us if she'd wanted, Tom urged her to, and I wouldn't have stopped her if she had. But deep down she knew they needed her. She knew the risks. She made a choice.”
“And he blamed you for it.”
“Aye. That he did,” he said with a long sigh as if the truth was beginning to hurt more than the knife had. After a long pause she said, “What happened down there, Bear?”
For a long time he didn't answer. They continued on, pushing through the torrent and the mud. Then with what appeared to be a great effort, he said,
“Fort Longsteel is more than just a place where weapons were once kept. It was once an enormous underground building where people experimented, developed new weapons and cooked up medicines. It was meant to be just one of many across the world, and if anything happened to the earth it would shut down and lock its doors, keeping all that treasure safe from the wrong kind of people.”
“What happened?”
“On August 18th, in the year 2153, at around midday, the sun was eclipsed. Nobody knew how or why, but the light just stopped. It stopped for an entire year.”
“Then what?”
“We were crippled. Everything ran on solar power, energy collected from the sun, and the world ground to a halt. People panicked. People died. Plants and animals died. Winter came because there was no heat any more. People froze to death. Nobody knew when it would return. Days turned into weeks. Darkness. Pitch black darkness all the time.”
“How did you survive?”
“We were in Fort Longsteel that day. I was one of twenty seven people who'd volunteered to try a new medicine to make some extra money. When the sun disappeared, the doors slammed shut. We were trapped inside. At first we thought Longsteel would be our tomb. There was no power, you see, even inside the base.”
“That must have been terrifying,” she said.
“With no light and no way out a lot of the people who worked there panicked. Some did their best to keep sane. Others went mad, killing themselves in the shadows or killing each other. Those of us who'd volunteered gathered the survivors and made our home outside the door to the labs which had been sealed shut. We barricaded ourselves in the upper stores while those who had gone mad killed each other.”
“I'm... sorry.”
“It wasn't your fault, girl. Anyway, after a few weeks all of us were going hungry. With no power there was no fresh water coming in and the food supplies had been small. No one had planned for this. Those of us who'd been given the medicine to try began to realise that, although we were hungry, we weren't starving like the others. Even though we felt thirsty, we were not dying from it. Within a few days the staff at Longsteel began to die though.” 
“That's when you realised you were different,” she said. “So there are others like you?”
“Yes. We assumed it was the medicine they'd given us. Towards the end the remaining survivors tried to kill us.”
“Why?”
“They saw that we weren't going to die like they were and thought it wouldn't be fair to let us live. The thirst and the hunger had made them desperate, the idea that the world as they knew it was dying outside and they couldn't stand the thought of us inheriting the corpse.”
“What did you do?”
“We had no choice. They begged us to end their suffering once they had exhausted what little strength they had left. No one wanted to but...”
He didn't say any more. She waited for a while, but in the end she felt she could figure out what had happened. Moll padded along as the rain eased a little and for a long time they walked in silence. The disturbing tale echoed in her mind. It was a world she could barely imagine, but such a scene he had described that was as vivid as any memory of her own. If she closed her eyes she could picture the suffering. Hunger. Thirst. Darkness. Death.

He led her off the road a little way and they sat under the protection of a large evergreen that grew on its own beside an outcrop of rock; its long arms reaching out above their heads and shielding them from the bulk of the rainfall. He shared out a small supper of cheese, bread and a chunk of salted pork each. The loaf was fresh that morning and the pungent aroma of yeast mixed with cinnamon set their mouths watering before it touched their tongues.
“Sally's bread,” she said. “We take it for granted, don't we?”
“I used to. When I could walk to the end of the road and just pick it up off a shelf. After Longsteel... No, I can't any more.”
“What happened after that?”
“Once we realised we couldn't die of thirst or hunger we soon began to realise that unless we could find a way out of our crypt there would be no end for us. We couldn't kill ourselves. We would live down there in the dark for however long the earth had left. It was perhaps worse than death. A kind of living death.”
“What did you do?”
“We tore the place apart looking for a way out. It took us months to reach the floors above us. Eventually we made it as far as the ground floor, climbing up a lift shaft with no idea where we were going except we had to get up, up, up. I was one of the first to make it to the exit, the main door to the outside world. We stood there, looking at these huge metal doors as tall as a house and almost as thick thinking 'how the hell are we getting through them?'”
“And?”
“We were pondering this very question when the power came back on. It had taken us a full year to reach the surface and suddenly all the lights blinked into life and the doors just swung open.”
“That must have been a relief!”
“A relief? There aren't words to describe what we felt. Some of us just fell to the floor in shock, unable to take it in. Others ran as fast as they could in case the doors shut again. I didn't see them for a long time after they left. Eventually they came back, but it must have been painful for them.”
“What did you do?”
“Me?” She nodded. “I...” His face contorted as if trying hard to remember. But it wasn't that. “I cried. I cried because as soon as the power came on, all the taps came on too. Water was just spilling down the drains. I ran round shutting them all off as fast as I could. But it was too late. Too late now.” He wiped his eyes with the sleeve of his coat and laughed to himself. “I sometimes dream I’m there again. Running down the halls trying to turn all the taps off, but I can't. It's always too late. Too late then. Too late now.”

*


The rain continued into the night as they walked for another few miles and camped not far from the road. There was little or no shelter to be found, save for a dry stone wall that ran north to south; they huddled behind it with the wind breaking against it and dissipating into the darkness. Bear tried to get a fire going, but with only damp wood it proved impossible. She watched him grow more and more angry with the impotent flame that flared from the flint for a moment and then died. She understood why he was angry now. He needed that fire tonight, but it would not come.
Eventually he gave up and they settled with their backs against the wall and his arm around her shoulders to share what little warmth they had. Moll tried to squeeze in between them to steal it but contented herself with sitting across their legs and resting her big shaggy head on Alex's lap. The darkness swept in like a sudden blindness, the trees and the hills disappearing into nothingness. Sight was replaced with sound and they heard the trees groaning, the wind howling across the fields and always the gentle but persistent pitter-patter of the rain on their hoods, always reminding them that it was still there, that it had not forgotten them.
She began to imagine Fort Longsteel, what it must have been like, but he described things she'd never heard of or seen before. But she could imagine the darkness. The fear. It did nothing to help her sleep and as she sat there, her body growing numb with the cold, she realised that Bear wasn't sleeping either. He would be staring into the night. Remembering. She almost regretted asking him in the first place. It had felt ill-timed given their situation, but now at least she felt she knew him a little better.

After a half-dream, at some time during the night, she woke with a start and saw lights, small orange beads of light moving towards them somewhere along the road. The closer they got, the bigger the beads became and she realised they were torches being carried in procession. She elbowed Bear who leaned over and whispered in her ear.
“I saw them about an hour ago,” he said. “Keep quiet and I think they will pass us by.” Moll began to growl but he stroked her fur and shushed her.
“Who are they?” she asked.
“I don't know. There must be about a dozen of them. They're moving east, possibly they will take the old road north to the coast. But I do not know what drives them to walk by torchlight.”
“Who travels by night?”
“No one smart enough to know better.”
“I don't like the look of this,” she muttered through clenched teeth, the cold forgotten. Her muscles began to tighten to the point of cramping. The march continued to move slowly past them. They weren't far now. She could see their faces flickering in the eerie glow from the flaming brands.
“Men. Only young. Maybe from Redmark. Perhaps caught out overnight and on their way home,” she said under her breath.
“Then they're going the wrong way home,” he said. 
Then they stopped. There was a bark. Then another. Dogs. Heads turned in their direction.
“It's a hunting party,” he said. “We need to get out of here before the dogs pick up our scent.”
“Could they be hunting animals, not us?” she said.
“In the dark? On a night like this?”
One of the torches broke away from the rest, coming closer. “Up. Now. This way,” he said, pulling her to her feet.
They followed the wall away from the hunters, struggling to see anything and mostly moving by touch. She stumbled twice, twisting her ankle on a hidden root and biting down hard on her lip to keep from screaming.
“This way,” he whispered, taking her hand and guiding her over the wall where part of it had collapsed. She risked a glance behind her and saw that more were now breaking away from the main party and spreading out in a line, getting closer to them. “Keep moving. The rain won't mask our scent forever.”
They continued along the wall as fast as they could. The hunters were moving faster though. All the while she struggled to hold onto her sanity, fighting the battle against her fear, the desire to just stop and be caught so it would end quickly.
They stopped further along the wall, waiting.
“What is it?” she asked.
“Listen...”
“...the dogs...here...they were here. Bill, Frank, you go along the wall. Jimmy, Sull, to the right. Don't...too far... Shout if you see them.”
Bear led her further along, feeling his way across the uneven surface and through the deep mud ditches. 
“They're looking for people. They're looking for us,” he said.
“Why? What for?”
“I don't know, but I could guess.”
The rain was coming down hard now and she was almost glad. It would cover the noise she was making, stumbling through this midnight maze like a blind bull. 
Bear suddenly froze.
“What are you doing?” she said, clutching his coat in terror.
“This way.”
He struck away from the wall, west, and into the trees. They were closely packed together so with one hand he could reach out and feel his way between them. She followed, stumbling along, all the while holding on to his hand so tightly she could feel the blood thumping in his veins.
The nearest torch bearer was no more than ten feet away now and Bear led her behind what could only be the trunk of a huge beech tree.
“Wait,” he said. “Let him get closer.”
She could taste blood in her mouth. She crouched down as low as she could, trying to make herself small, hoping it would make her invisible somehow. They'd never catch her if only she could get small enough.
“Stay here.”
He let go of her hand. She gasped and the hunter stopped, turning towards the sound. But it was too late. Bear was behind him in an instant and before the hunter could react, his hand clamped over his mouth and the blade sunk into his stomach. He wrenched the weapon sideways, opening the flesh, and there was a sickening ripping sound and then a slapping wet thud as his insides fell to the ground. The stench of blood and faeces made her gag and as Bear hacked at the hunter's neck she could no longer hold it in. She sprayed her stomach's contents against the tree and doubled over.
“Come on, we need to get around them,” he said. He helped her to her feet with one hand and suddenly she was thankful of the darkness. Thankful that she couldn't see what was in his other hand.

They kept their pursuers to the left and followed the wall, which could be seen from time to time in the torchlight. They saw two more on the other side, looking around and whispering to each other just out of earshot. Bear swung the bloody head into the air and it hit the top of the wall, toppling a few of the stones and landing by their feet.
“What the hell is that?” a voice cried out.
“It's... it's...”
“That's Jack! Bloody hell, they've killed Jack...”
“Where's the rest of 'im?”
“I don't know...”
“Over there... The dogs...”
Wild and frantic barking came from behind them. They'd found Jack's body.
“Move!” said Bear and together they crept as quickly as possible towards the road. Just before they reached the dirt track they saw another torch, alone. It was a woman and she wore so many coats she looked bloated and fat.
“She's their marker back to the road,” he said. “Wait here.”
He reached the edge of the woods and the start of the road, then walked boldly out in plain sight of the woman.
“Any signs of 'em?” she asked him, unaware.
“No,” he replied. “But they killed Jack.”
“No?” she said. “How?” But by then he was close enough and his hands shot out and clamped over her mouth, pulling her backwards and down. She collapsed silently in his grip, writhing and kicking as he dragged her to the other side. Then he appeared again to signal her to follow. Moll darted across and Alex ran after her.
“Who sent you after us?” he said as he pinned the woman to the floor. Alex saw her face in the dim light and even then it looked white as boiled bed sheets.
“I... Spearheart. Spearheart says you took... her... Hogg.”
“What is it to him?”
“He says you stole her, she's...”
“She's what?”
“She's... his daughter...” Bear's eyes suddenly fixed on Alex searching for an instant explanation.
“I was adopted,” she said. “How can I be his daughter?”
“He knew... your mother... He's put a bounty out for your head,” the woman said, turning to Bear. “He's telling everyone you're a kidnapper of children.”
“Lies. Maybe he should look after his own children instead of sending them out on wild chases into cursed cities,” Bear said.
“He wants her back.”
“Then tell him he'll have to come down here and take her himself. Or expect a lot of dead bounty chasers.”
Then he lifted her back to her feet, turned her towards the road. “If I so much as smell you, them, or anyone to do with that fat old bastard, I’ll be coming back. Understand?”
“Yes...I...”
“In the night. You won't hear me. You won't see me. I'll creep in, kill you, your children, your husband. I'll kill your unborn too.”
“But...”
“Then I’ll go after him. I'll kill every last one of them. Just like I killed Jack. Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
Then he shoved her into the road and turned to Alex.
“You still have a choice,” he said. “You can go back if you want.” She shook her head enough to make the world spin behind her eyes.
“Never.”
“Then let's go before they can find our trail again.”
Chapter 9

FENSHIRK'S SECRET

He knew the woods. Even in the dark he knew them well enough to put distance between the hunters and themselves.  Alex felt blind out there, and as the torches faded into the distance behind them she was able to think about what the pregnant woman had said. Was she really his daughter? She wondered in the silent dark.
They plodded onwards until the sun began to rise. She felt exhausted, unable to concentrate on even the simple task of walking. Bear looked haggard, his shoulders slumped and he looked to be leaning on the staff again. Still they marched until he felt sure they would not find them again.
“Will they know we're going to Fenshirk?” she asked as the land around them began to sharpen into focus around her.
“I doubt it. I hope the girl convinced them to call it off, but if not I’m sure they'll gather their wits and guess our destination too quickly. Once we're in Fenshirk we'll be quite safe.”
“Really?”
“They'll be too fearful of the crowd to try anything. Fenshirk is a busy place and the Judge doesn't take kindly to Bounty Chasers,” he said.
“I need rest. That night march has stolen what little strength I had left,” she said. “My blisters have blisters, we haven't eaten since last evening and we've been walking all night.”
“If we can find somewhere suitable we can have a nap, but we need to keep heading to Fenshirk. That's the only place safe for us for now.”
They climbed a hill with all the effort they had left and found it wore a crown of broken stones. Moss covered and half buried in the ground, the masonry looked to have been a small fort or watch tower in its day. It had long since been reduced to rubble by the earth. Trees had grown up through the foundations and over many years had laid siege to it, eventually tearing it down.
“What was it?” she asked. “It reminds me of that tower we saw on the way to Greenmark.”
“I don't know,” he said. “I've never noticed it here before, the woods are taking it back a brick at a time. Come, part of the north wall is still standing and it will make for a good shelter. Even Moll looks ready to sleep off our night travels.”

Once she had led against the wall, her eyes slammed shut. It felt like only moments later that Bear woke her up, but even she could see it was now mid-afternoon. She'd been dreaming of Spearheart, the same dream she'd had long ago. He was in the woods this time though, with dogs, big hairy beasts with blood red eyes. He was calling her in the darkness. Calling back his little girl.
“We can be in Fenshirk by nightfall. I had a quick scout around, we're not far from the river. If we follow it east for about six miles we'll be there,” he said. “Eat and walk.” He passed her some fruit and the last of the bread. Then they set off down the other side of the hill towards open farmland. Though the hill wasn't high by any means, it gave an excellent view of the surrounding countryside. She could see the river snaking away like a silvery-blue thread on a green patchwork quilt. 
“Were there any signs of the hunters?” she asked.
“None. This open land means they won't be able to sneak up on us, even if they did follow. We'll see them in plenty of time and be in Fenshirk before they can catch up.”
“And then what?”
“I'll speak to the Judge. He should be able to help us.”
“Who's the Judge?”
“He is in charge of Fenshirk. Sort of like a Governor or Mayor.”
“I still don't know what you mean.”
“He's the boss. He runs it, he makes sure people behave themselves, that the traders keep trading and the money keeps coming in.”
“Oh.”
“I don't plan on hanging around there. We'll stop the night, maybe two, and get some more supplies. I'll show you the markets and the docks, but then we're gone as soon as we can. Now that Spearheart is looking for you, we need to be as far south as we can. Further from his reach.”
“Do you think what that woman said was true? That I am Spearheart's daughter?” she said.
“I don't think she was lying. Does it matter to you?”
“Of course it does. It means I have a Father, and he knows who my Mother is.”
“Do you really want him as your Father? I get the impression he didn't treat you all that well.”
“I suppose I understand. He would have preferred a son but...” Bear began to laugh. “What's so funny?”
“You're defending him.”
“I'm not. I just...” Then she began to laugh herself. “You're right. I am.”
“I understand, if the woman was telling the truth then it means you have something you didn't think you had. A family. And though you won't say it, I suspect you weren't as upset about Tom stabbing me as you were upset that your dream family wasn't what you thought it was.”
“I suppose.”
“I'm an orphan too, you know.”
“I hadn't thought of it like that,” she said.
“They're all dead. And I have no home, either. The road has been my home for more years than I can recall. My family are those I call friends and sometimes they don't behave the way I want them to. Sometimes they let me down. Sometimes I let them down. That's the problem with having a dream. Reality can never live up to it without disappointing you.”
“It must be lonely.”
“Only if you want it to be. If you hold people accountable to your high standards and then get upset when they don't meet them, then only you are to blame. I know I've failed to meet many people's standards, let them down, not done what I said I would do, said things I shouldn't have said. Upset and hurt them. They forgave me. I forgive them.”
“Do you forgive Tom?”
“Yes I do.”

At the bottom of the hill they climbed a stone dividing wall and started out across the open fields. It wasn't long before knee-high grasses became thick patches of brambles which, if they were unable to go around, were hacked down by Bear.
“I might as well write on the sky 'WE'RE HERE' with this chopping. But it doesn't matter, we'll be at the river soon,” he said. He wasn't wrong, either. An hour or two into the walk they came across the banks and Bear struck a course east with the sun on his back. They could see smoke rising up ahead of them just as evening came and the tops of houses could be seen.
“We're nearly there. Another hour or so,” he said.
“Bear, can I ask you something?”
“Go on.”
“It's been bothering me since the hunters found us. Something you did.”
“You're going to ask about Jack.” She nodded. “I'll be honest – those people being sent by Spearheart was a shock to me. I thought that it was someone else.”
“You thought it had something to do with Vaagstad and Longsteel?”
“Yes. That's why I was so... But on the other hand, I stopped taking risks a long time ago. I made a judgement based on what I saw.”
“What did you see?”
“Okay then, let's do this another way,” he said, stopping. “We can take a minute here.” He took out a small, brown bottle from his bag and uncorked it. “What did you see?” He took a swig and passed it to Alex. The stuff was thick like treacle, but it burned its way down her throat like forge fire.
“A large group. Dogs,” she said.
“Describe the dogs.”
“Large. Big teeth.”
“The kind of dogs that find you and just stop and bark?”
“No, the kind that take chunks out of you.”
“Good. What else?”
“They were armed.”
“How many weapons per person?”
“Two at least. Jack had a huge knife and a club. One of them had an axe and a shield. Another had a bow.”
“Hunting weapons?”
“No, you don't hunt animals with a shield. They were armed for battle.”
“What else?”
“They spread out over a small area. An animal would have just run and in the dark they would never have found it. Plus, the guy who spoke seemed to be their leader. He said that the dogs had found where we'd been sitting. He said 'they' like everyone knew what they were looking for. Who they were looking for.”
“So, given that information, and that Jack was well armed, can you see my reasons?”
“I suppose.”
“What I learned there was that Spearheart didn't know that a Dalesman had left the 'Last Mocha' with you. These hunters are poorly trained and probably just hired thugs. Anyone worth their pay wouldn't have attacked us so obviously. In that kind of situation, fear is our greatest weapon. If we'd simply avoided them and escaped they would still be after us, believing we were just like rabbits. Nothing to fear.”
“I get it. When they found the body and saw the head they would have realised how dangerous we were. They'd even thought we were that harmless, they brought a pregnant woman with them.”
“Exactly.” 
She smiled, but couldn't hold it for very long. “What is it, girl? Your face doesn't look convinced even if your head is.”
“It's just...”
“Out with it.”
“Would you have done it?”
“Done what?”
“Killed her. The lady with the baby. Would you...”
He smiled. “No, my dear. I wouldn't. I'm a lot of things, but a monster isn't one of them. Fear, remember, is the weapon that continues to wound long after you've gone.”

*

They came to Fenshirk just at last light and stopped at the gates. The wall that surrounded the town had been built from pieces of rough cut stone taken from nearby ruins and stood a little over twelve feet in height. The gates, huge things made from logs, not planks, were closed and two guards stood on a ledge over the top, looking down at them in light armour of mail and leather. Both had a spear and shield, the shield marked with the sigil of a fish leaping over a boat.
“What is your business in Fenshirk?” the guard on the right asked without moving from his post.
“Theft,” said Bear. “And to perhaps have a drink with the ugliest woman in town.”
“Charming as always, Bear. Go on in.” The guard speaking turned to the other and indicated for the gates to be opened. He rapped the floor with the butt of his spear several times and they began to groan and scrape towards them. The guard who had spoken leaned over the ledge and said, “I'll meet you in the Bard, later, when I get off this damn duty.”
“I still remember that it's your round,” he replied.
The gates were quickly drawn shut behind them as they stepped out past a guard room built into the side of the wall. Then they were on a wide street of cobbled stone, flanked by rows of houses made from dark stained timber and badly mismatched bricks. Sconces and lamps hung from steel fittings and splashed every surface with a warm glow. A stench of fish and burned bread wafted towards them from further down the road where Alex could see the vast expanse of darkness that could only be the ocean.
“Is that...?” she said.
“It is. I suppose you have never seen it before,” said Bear.
“It goes on forever.” 
“Well, not quite, but for a long way. It will look nicer in the morning when the sun is up. First we need to rent a room for the night.” 
Alex stood for a moment, taking in the people who hurried up and down the busy street, the smells of the harbour and the sounds of sea Captains bellowing commands she'd never heard before, about things she'd never known existed.
“It's amazing,” she whispered to herself.

The Bard's Daughter was quiet when they walked in. A huge man stood behind the bar with a cloth in his hands and grinned from one side of his broad face to the other when he saw them.
“Well then, spring must be nearly over. The Bear has come out of his cave,” said Olaf. “What can I get you?”
“Ale and a hot meal for us both. And a room for the night. How are you?”
“Very well. Business is booming, as always. Seeing as though guards only drink here and every sailor and his three wenches drinks at the 'Anchor', I should be grateful for what I get. All that singing and dancing and dealing in 'cornish leaf' over there, I should be happy with the peace and quiet.” He turned to Alex. “And who are you, young girl?”
“I'm Alex,” she said. “Nice to meet you.”
“Nice to meet you too. You're far too pretty to be hanging around with this old man.” He ducked down as best he could to reach under the bar. “I have some letters for you. Left behind just before winter.”
“Thanks,” said Bear.
“Three came in on 'La Cretch', one from Captain Selwyn's old tub, 'Maid Royal'.”
“Is he still alive? I left him here on his sick bed, if I recall.”
“Yeah, turned out he'd been eating rotten ham that came in from the Port's Gob. Anyway, just before spring he went a horrible shade of green and we thought we'd lost him. Next day, he's up and barking at his crew again. They did a three-weeker and came back last week. Take a seat and I’ll fix you up some tea.”
They went and sat in the corner facing the door, Moll sniffing as she went and finding half a sausage under a table. Two guards came in and sat by the door. Another was sat by a window with a mug of ale and was surrounded by sheets of paper and scrolls, writing down notes on a large pad. Alex could smell meat cooking in the kitchen and as Olaf passed through the door the heavy aroma of fiery spices and roasting chicken came flooding out.
“Olaf's wife makes the best hot chicken sandwiches. The spices come in on the ships and being the 'Bard's Daughter' this place always gets the best. It might have more to do with the fact that Stef, Olaf's daughter, is the Chief Customs Officer and makes sure every piece of cargo is checked when it arrives,” said Bear. She felt her stomach grumble at the idea of fresh food.
“There is only so much bread and fruit a girl can eat,” she said. “Sally was a good cook.”
“I hope some of it sunk in. After Fenshirk we've got a long way to go before the next good meal. I remember her showing me how to make rabbit skewers dipped and cooked in honey, but I haven't made them for a long time.”
“She showed me a lot. I hope we can go back there after... You know,”
“I'm sure we will,” he said as Olaf arrived with two mugs of ale and set them down.
“Food won't be long,” he said.
“Tomorrow we will see the Judge,” said Bear taking a long gulp from the mug. He sighed with satisfaction. “Hopefully we can stop these hunters from following us after we leave.”
She looked at the man with his papers. “What's he doing?” she asked.
“That's the Chief of Guards. He's probably working out the rota.” She sipped her ale. It didn't taste any better than the last pint she'd had.

The food came and Olaf set two large plates on their table along with salt and a glass of milk. “For the chicken,” he said.
She only realised what the milk was for after several bites.
“Nice?” Bear asked, tearing into the sandwich.
“My mouth feels like I’ve rinsed it with molten metal.”
As they were finishing, the guard from the gate walked in. She still wore her mail but the weapons, Alex assumed, were left in the guard house. She was as tall as Alex was, with a plain face and short hair tied in a bun. But by far the most striking feature was her milky white eye and the scar that crossed it from top to bottom.
“How are you, Bear?” she asked and took a seat at their table.
“I'm good, thanks. This is Alex,” he said, gesturing to her. “Alex, meet Jo Cross.”
“A pretty thing. What brings you here this time?” He pointed to his empty mug. She signalled Olaf to fill them up and asked him for a pint of water.
“We're heading south. We've got errands to run near Sinosi.”
“I can't see you getting on a boat, Bear.”
“No, we'll be on foot. The problem we have is...”
“I already know. The Judge does too. He likes a good laugh and this won't be the first he's had at your expense. So you're kidnapping kids now?” she said.
“How does a man like Spearheart have such influence?”
“Wealth. It turns wheels, Bear. Don't forget he has three coal mines on his land and he sends a lot of it down this way.”
“I lost interest in Spearheart's empire when his father died. I suppose that was my mistake.”
“On the other hand,” said Alex, “Even I didn't expect him to send anyone after me. I didn't realise I was that important, if that's even the word for it.”
“It might not be anything to do with you, little girl. Perhaps there is more to this, but for now none of us see him as a threat. If he threatened the coal he'd only be cutting his own throat,” said Jo.
“So you'll make sure we're safe in these walls?” said Bear.
“Of course. The Judge still likes you, though nobody quite knows why. He does have some questions for you, if you would see him tomorrow before leaving?”
“I had planned to anyway,” he said. Jo drank the pint in one long draught and got up to leave, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. “I'll see you before I leave.”
“You'd best had or I won't let you back in again.”
“Any message for Alissa?” Jo stopped and Alex saw something flicker across her one good eye. Was it pain?
“The same one I send every time you pass through. Nice to meet you, Alex.”
She made her way to the door, but Alex called out.
“Jo, the spear you use...” she said.
“Yes?”
“Is it any good? I mean, as a weapon?” Jo smiled.
“It has many uses. Staff, blade... It can also be thrown, but you'd better have another weapon to use. It can also keep a good distance between you and your opponent. Why do you ask?”
“I was just... interested. That's all.”
“Well tell you what, instead of listening to the Judge and the Bear chew over old times, why not meet me outside the guard house and I will take you through the basics?”
“Do we have time, Bear?”
“I suppose so. You'll struggle to find a better spear-man than Jo,” he said.
“High praise indeed from a man still using that horrible instrument. I will see you tomorrow, Alex. Good night.”
“Good night, Jo.”

It wasn't long before they went up to their room. The world through her eyes was fuzzy now, like it was wrapped in cotton. She dropped her bedroll and staff on the floor and flopped on the bed.
“Guess you're in the chair,” she said.
“I guess I am.”
She woke at some point during the night and saw him sat in the chair with Moll snoring at his feet, the fire gently crackling away in the hearth. He had a book open and a cup of tea was balancing precariously on the arm of the chair. Alex stared at him for a while, watching him lick his thumb to turn a page, watching his eyes twitch or squint at a word. It would be an image burned into her mind and one she would come back to often, especially at the hardest of times.

*

Alex woke from a sweet dream to a golden sunrise. She stretched out the last of the sleep and looked to the chair where he'd sat all night. They were gone, she guessed, and had left early that morning while she dozed. A note had been left on her boots, written in Bear's hand and in large capitol letters to make it easier for her to understand. It read,

ALEX,
GONE TO SEE THE JUDGE. TOOK MOLL WITH ME.
DON'T FORGET TO MEET JO AT THE GUARD HOUSE.
MEET ME AT THE BARD'S FOR SUPPER.
BEAR.

He had taken all his belongings with him and so she did the same, putting on her wolf-skin coat, bag and bedroll and making her way downstairs. 
“Are you having breakfast, young lady?” said Olaf from behind the bar. “The old Bear left plenty for you.”
“Yes please,” she said, taking the same seat they'd had last night. As Olaf poured her a glass of water she noticed that the same man from last night, the one Bear believed was the Chief of Guards, was sat near the window, still making notes.
“When did Bear leave, Olaf?” she said.
“Oh, about an hour ago. He didn't eat much. Said something about a long day ahead, I don't know.”
“Thanks.”
“Eggs, bacon and toast this morning. There is some left over chicken from last night if...” She waved him away with a grin.
“I'll pass. My mouth is still burning! Eggs, bacon and toast will be just fine.”
Olaf disappeared into the kitchen and while she drank her water she read the book Marj had given to practice her reading with. She traced the words with her finger, all the while keeping one eye on the man by the window.

After breakfast she made her way over to the guardhouse. The town was heaving with people coming to and from the harbour and that same stink of raw or rotting fish - she couldn't decide which – attacked her senses again. It was a particularly sunny day and there were few clouds in the sky which made matters worse. The heat seemed to draw the smell up from the ocean.
“Those pretty ears need jewels, my dear!” called a street seller as she passed his stall. It was set up on the street, just planks of wood across rickety looking trestles, and the seller was tall and painted in brightly coloured patterns. They were on his face and arms and he wore a robe of silk the colour of fresh cream that she suspected only concealed further decoration.
“They're fine as they are, sir,” she said.
“I think not. How about a beautiful set of jade rings?”
“No, thank you.” She continued past him but he followed.
“I can pierce those ears for you, only a small token is needed.” She moved faster but still he called to her. “Or how about a relic from the city made of glass?”
She froze, turned and looked at him.
“What did you say?”
“Perhaps a relic is what you seek? From the old days?”
“Good day, sir.”
Slightly unnerved, Alex hurried away from the seller and saw the guardhouse coming up ahead. Jo was outside, talking to another guard who nodded and left for the gate when she arrived.
“Good morning, Alex,” she said. “Are you ready to throw a spear then?”
“I'll have a go.”
“This way. First you must leave your belongings at the gate. Rules are rules.”
She did so, leaving them with a surly looking guard sat on a stool, drinking a mug of tea. Then they walked through the building and into a walled off compound.
“This is where the guards live and train. Over there is the bunk house, to the right is the classroom...”
“Classroom?”
“Yes, even guards need educating. One of their duties is to check ship manifests as they dock, make sure nothing is being smuggled in that shouldn't be. In order to do that they must be able to read and write. It also helps with recruitment. Mothers always want their children to learn well, so they often times send them to us.”
“What do you pay them with?”
“They are fed and watered, educated and given a trade. Their meals at the Bard are free and traders must give them discount or credit at a fair rate.”
“Sounds like a good job to have.”
“Round here it is.”
They crossed an open arena of sand where some guards were training with swords and shields made of wood. At the far side, to the left of the bunk house, she could see what appeared to be scarecrows lined up along the wall. A row of spears, identical to the one she had seen Jo carrying, had been set up a fair distance away.
“We use the 'crows as dummy targets. You should only throw a spear in the most dire of circumstances, unless of course it isn't your only weapon.”
“You can throw them that far?” Alex said, staring at the distance in wonder. Jo took a spear from the rack, took a few paces back and suddenly sprinted forward, launching the spear from her right hand in one graceful move. Alex marvelled at how her body twisted into the throw, putting all her energy into the launch. The spear skewered the 'crow, its point protruding out of its back a good foot or so, sending straw in all directions. “Wow,” was all she could say.
“Your turn.”

Alex learned the art quickly. It was far less cumbersome than swinging an axe. There was a grace to it she didn't fully understand, but when she threw the spear she realised this was going to be her weapon. Let Bear have his cleaver and chop what he wants, this was an art form and she intended to own it. Like starting a fire, or working the forge. Like hunting and cooking and herb lore. It wasn't long before the spears were landing on target and even at different ranges. Sweat poured from her body as time and again she sent the steel tipped death-weapon across the field and into the 'crow.
“Well, you can certainly throw. Let's have some lunch before we start on some face-to-face techniques. You aren't going to have a dozen spears to hand so you'd better learn to fight with one still in your grip.” Jo led her to the dining hall where benches had been set up in long rows. Guards moved around, filling bowls with a thin red soup and passing round bread rolls. Alex found water and drank as much as she could before even attempting to eat.
“I can't believe how much fun that is,” she said. “I could do that all day.”
“You're still young. Perhaps it won't be as much fun when you're fighting real people and not scarecrows.”
“Is that how you feel?” she asked. They filled their bowls from a bubbling vat and sat down at the far end of the hall.
“It's how I lost my eye. Fighting real people.”
“When?”
“I was young, perhaps a little older than yourself. I used to sail on a little cargo tub that ran malt up and down the coast. It was only a 30 mile round trip, nothing too serious. One day we're leaving Saravan harbour when this big Skooner runs up alongside us and boards. There were only twenty of us at most but we fought like bastards that day. I don't know why they wanted the cargo so badly. Maybe they thought we were carrying something else, but anyway we pushed them right back and managed to set their ship on fire. As we made our escape this huge man crosses over to our deck, he almost blotted out the sun, he was that big. He comes with this axe and starts swinging. He killed my mate, hacked the arm off the Captain, and then sets his big evil eyes on me. I reached for my spear and managed to keep some distance between us, but suddenly I’m on the deck. I'd stepped back into a coil of rope and just in time too – that axe was on its way towards me and when I fell I just managed to duck it. Unfortunately, the edge still got me, carving right into my cheek and carrying on up over my eye.” She winced. “The pain, Alex - I hope you never know it.”
“What happened to the man you were fighting?”
Jo began to laugh. “He fell himself, right onto my spear. I decided there and then that when we got into port I’d give up sailing forever. And I’ve never looked back since.”
“I'm not sure I like the sounds of sailing,” said Alex. “This is the first time I’ve seen the ocean.”
“Many come here with the same story. I enjoyed it. I like the salty air, the feel of the deck beneath your feet, but I think I’ll stick to dry land. People are easier to fight when the ground doesn't move all the time.”

After lunch they went back onto the sand and Jo began to teach her how to use the spear more as a melee weapon than simply throwing it.
“The spear's strength is in the distance and the reach. You can keep an opponent at bay no matter what he's armed with. You can also still strike back whilst being safe from his own weapon.”
“What if they try to break it?” she asked.
“Don't let them. Here, I’ll show you how.”
They danced in the sand for several hours as the sun began to drop into the west. Their shadows exaggerated their performance like a stage show, but even though the sweat came like summer rain, they continued to duel until Alex felt she had learned all she could that day. They made their way back to the bunk house as the lamps were being lit in the arena.
“There are baths here. Not so warm, mind, but they'll cool you off and clean the sweat away,” said Jo. 
“Thank you, I've really learned a lot today.”
“You learn well, young one. We might make a guard out of you yet.” As she turned to go inside, Jo came close to her and passed a package wrapped in cloth into her arms.
“Put these on as soon as you are dry. Do not delay. I must speak to you once you get out,” she said and left in a hurry.
Alex, not quite understanding what had brought about the sudden change in Jo, hurried into the bath and cleaned herself before opening the bundle. Inside, neatly folded, was a guard's uniform. What the hell is going on?
As she examined the garments, the door burst open and Jo rushed in.
“Quickly now, get them on. And pass me your own clothes,” she said.
“Jo, what is going on, I don't understand?”
“You mustn't delay, there'll be time for questions afterwards. For now you must do as I say as if Bear were speaking through me.”
“Why? What's happened?”
“Hurry, we haven't got much time.”

Once changed, Alex followed her out into the arena. The light was failing now and as they crossed the sand they saw a group of guards moving towards them. Some were carrying torches, already lit.
“Say nothing. Here, put this on.” She passed her a leather hood and put the bundle of clothes, her clothes, in her arms along with a sack of apples and a handful of books. It had the effect of hiding most of her face so that only her eyes peeked over the top of the pile.
The guards approached and halted them just near the guardhouse.
“Cross, we have the man and his hound. What of the girl?” said the foremost guard.
“The trader said he had last seen her heading towards the dock. Why weren't the harbour guards doubled like I asked?” she replied.
“There wasn't enough time.”
“Always the excuse of the inadequate. The Judge will not be impressed if Spearheart's daughter is on a ship bound for Sinosi,” said Jo. “Scour those docks, I want proof that she was on that ship. I want it intercepted and I want the Captain in the cells before morning. Are we clear?”
“Yes, but...”
“Get to it, Guard.” The group left, crossing the arena whilst Jo hurried her through the guardhouse and to the gates. The same guard was sat on his stool, the same cup of tea in his hands by the looks of it. “Greg, if you please.”
The guard grumbled something, then got up from his seat and began to open the gates.
“Alex, you must go. Now, while you can,” said Jo.
“Why, where's Bear and Moll, what's happened?”
“I've no time to explain. Greg has loaded your bag with food and a water skin. There's also a map and you'd better learn how to use it because by morning the Judge will have every available guard coming after you.” Alex felt her eyes begin to sting with fresh tears.
“I can't leave him, he's never left me,” she said.
“He told me to tell you to make for Haster's Fell as soon as you can. I've marked it on your map. Just go south from here until you reach the mountains. Stay off the roads, they'll be looking for you. If he can, he will join you there or send word to you.”
“I'll wait for him there,” she said.
“No, wait only until midsummer. Stay out of sight. If you wait too long the snows will return and you will be cut off from the north. Cut off from home...”
“I have no home,” she said to herself.
“We will do what we can here. The Judge has arrested him and intends to put him on trial. Spearheart is behind this, I am certain, but you are not safe here. Go, go quickly.” Alex gathered her things and made for the opening. Jo followed and as she was about to leave, thrust a spear into her hand. “Use it well, Alex,” she said.
“Thank you, Jo.”
“You're welcome. I hope you're as good out there as he says you are.”

The gates began to close and as Jo faded into the shadows, she ran.
Chapter 10

THE SOUTHERN ROAD

Alex slowed to a walk only when the lights of Fenshirk disappeared behind the hills. Her chest was tight with pain and she laboured for breath, finding a tree to lean against while she caught it again. Was it true? Was Bear really caught? It was a struggle enough to keep her fear from taking over. She was alone. It was dark. She didn't know where she was. She dropped the things she'd been carrying and began to undress, putting her old clothes back on as quickly as she could. The uniform Jo had dressed her in had included a shirt of fine chain mail wrought with small links of steel. It was heavy, but from her time with Tom she knew that it was incredibly valuable and she couldn't leave it behind. Instead, she put it over the cotton short-sleeved under garment she wore and then covered it with her jumper. It felt even heavier on, but she would soon get used to it, she thought. Over it all went her familiar coat of wolf hide. 
Jo hadn't been lying either. In her bag were several small loaves of fresh bread, a piece of salted pork the size of her fist and a cloth bag filled with strips of dried beef. There was a skin of water and a small bottle of alcohol which smelt of honey and cloves; but at the bottom of the bag was a dark leather pouch - a handful of coffee beans.
The map was a folded piece of animal hide. It was marked very simply in black ink and showed everything south of Fenshirk, all the way to the city of Glass and Bone. A route had also been added, though this ink looked fresher than the other and it led a twisting, meandering path to the south, to Haster's Fell. She folded it carefully and tucked it inside her coat. Then she buried all that she didn't need and covered the place very carefully so as not to leave any trace that she'd come this way. She also didn't want to leave evidence that Jo had helped her escape. 
The spear she had given her was made from ash and stood at almost the same height as herself. It was tipped with a steel leaf blade and finished with some kind of dark green enamel paint. The other end had been capped with the same metal so that it could be used as a walking stick.
“You have never been so well equipped, girl,” she said to herself. “But we'd better get a move on...”
She checked the setting sun and the stars above and moved off, south to Haster's Fell.

There had once been a time when walking through the night would have terrified her. It was not that long ago, either. Back when she used to journey to the far side of Spearheart's land, she would often find night time creeping up on her and she'd feel the old fear coming with it.  It'd been a long night, that night. Sitting high up in a tree. Watching the moon all night long, scared to take her eyes off it in case she saw something in the dark.
Now she strode through the woods and let whatever roamed the shadows come and go. Things had changed in the last year or so and looking back she found herself smiling despite the sadness that Bear wasn't here with her. He had made this possible. Now he was trapped. She hoped he could find a way out and meet her, but even she struggled to see a way. There'd been so many guards, the wall was huge and the boats were always watched. Short of proving himself not-guilty of whatever crime Spearheart had devised, it seemed he would be there for a while.
She put the thought to the back of her mind and stopped only to take a drink from the skin and eat some of the bread. The night passed quickly and soon the first breaths of morning were coming. The woods had begun to give way to the great toes of the mountains, which from the looks of the map were the end, or the beginnings of the spine of Peninnen. Snow capped peaks and plateaus of white were seated high up, almost appearing to form themselves out of the mists of the early morning as the sun rose.
“I hope I won't be climbing those any time soon,” she said aloud.
By mid-morning she felt her mind beginning to numb and she quickly found a hollow behind a wild bramble bush to crawl into. After eating a little more bread, she pulled an armful of forest debris over herself and snuggled down into her bedroll to sleep. They would be looking for her by day, not by night. Spearheart would be expecting a dumb girl, walking like a fool on the open road in plain sight now that he had taken her Dalesman from her. As her heavy eyes slammed shut she realised it felt good to disappoint him.

*

After several nights of clear skies, Alex was moving along at a fair pace and covering plenty of distance on her map. The artist had included plenty of landmarks for her to navigate by and she knocked them off each night, realising that the road wasn't quite as long as she'd first thought. By the end of her fourth night of walking, as she found a suitable tree to hide in for the day, she heard the distant clatter of steel-shod horses and felt the rumble of cart wheels coming down the road not far from were she was. High up in the branches she watched as the two horses appeared, pulling a small, open topped cart loaded with coal. At the reins was an old man with a long grey beard that reached down past his knees. Sat next to him was a young boy with short brown hair who amused himself with a toy knight made of wood. They past by her tree close enough so for a few minutes she could hear them speaking.
“...your mother would never have let you have that,” said the old man.
“Mummy wouldn't mind. I like Knights. They are big and brave and fierce. They save ladies in distress and things.”
“They also... never mind, son. Just make sure you stick to the story – the kind man at Fenshirk gave it to you as a gift for being so brave when they killed that criminal and his dog. Then I won't get in trouble for buying it you.”
“Okee-dokee, Pa. I won't tell.”
“Good lad... we made quite...”
The voices trailed away with the cart as it continued down the road away from her. It was the same thing she'd heard when two travellers had walked under her the other day – that there had been a swift trial and the criminal and his dog had been hanged in Fenshirk. It gave her some hope, despite the pain they must have endured, that she would see them again. She had seen Moll survive being gutted by a wolf and Bear being stabbed. She was sure they could somehow survive a hanging.

Something woke her just as evening was setting in. The sunset was hidden and the air smelled like it might just rain that night. She looked around before climbing down, but as she gathered her things to set off again, someone stepped out from the twilight.
“Hello, Missy,” he said. “Been looking for you for a long time, we have.” Just then another appeared to her left, blocking her exits.
“She's an ugly one, Bob,”
“I told Spearheart 'she'll go south, she won't go back north' but nobody listened. And here you are.” He stepped into the last of the light and she recognised him. It was Kevin, the groundsman from Spearheart's home. She'd seen him often, out in the woods, poaching off Spearheart's land. Bob was his drinking mate who followed him around like a lost puppy. She liked Bob, he was a little bit simple, but he was nice.
“Why does he want me back so badly that he'd follow me this far?” she asked, grasping her spear tightly.
“You belong to him. He don't like losing things that belong to him,” said Kevin.
“He's never been interested before. He couldn't care less...”
“No, and he didn't. Until he found out that one of the whores he bedded spawned your scrawny little arse.”
“You're lying!” she said.
“Really? He doesn't want the wrong... image...getting around you see. So he wants you back home so everyone will know what a great daddy he is.”
“That's just horse shit and you know it. When did he become so obsessed with what people thought about him?”
“When that mine started churning out gold instead of coal!” said Bob, pleased with being able to contribute at last.
“Shut it, Bob. Look, Hogg, we can do this the easy way or the not-so easy way. I'll let you pick.”
“That's very kind of you,” she said. The spear was her only hope now, but the idea of killing them froze her heart. They weren't scarecrows or rabbits or chickens or even fish. They were people, people she knew, and she didn't know if she had it in her to kill. Not like Bear did. That quick, cold and calculated attack he seemed able to call upon at will.
“Drop the weapon and lets just go home,” he said.
Home. I have no home any more...
“Leave me alone – please,” she said.
Kevin moved closer, “We have our orders. Come on, girl – living in the woods isn't the life for you, is it?”
“Yeah, it stinks,” added Bob. “I ain't eaten properly for days. Just mouldy bread and no roast beef.”
“Shut it, Bob,” said Kevin.
“Don't talk to him like that,” said Alex, “You're always picking on him. Bullying him.”
“Are you coming or not?”
“Of course I'm not. I hate Spearheart, I hate him!”
“He's looked after you all these years – and this is how you repay him.”
“He's never looked after me,” Kevin was moving a lot closer now, almost within reach of her, “He left me to rot. Now he wants to be 'Dad'. Never!”
Kevin lunged for her arm but the spear moved almost by itself, as if driven by an energy that she didn't know she possessed. It slammed into Kevin's chest and passed straight through. He dropped to his knees, his face suddenly frozen into a tableau of shock, pain and fear. Alex yanked the spear out of him, turning, expecting Bob to already be on her. He wasn't. He stood exactly where he had been, his mouth wide open, staring at his friend, staring at Kevin.
“You... killed him...” he said. “You killed Kevin.”
It was then that she noticed neither of them was armed. They never intended her to put up a fight so why carry a weapon? She looked at Kevin, now face down in the dirt. Then she looked at Bob who had started to cry.
“I'm never going back,” she said. “I'm never going back to him.”
“You killed Kevin.”
“Do you hear me? I'm never...”
“You killed...”
“I'M NEVER GOING BACK!”
The spear punched through his heart, launching him backwards and pinning him to the ground at an ugly angle. Bob was still standing, but looked like he was leaning back on something. His eyes stared at her, pleading with her to undo what she'd done to him. But she couldn't. There was no going back, life couldn't give life. It could only take it. 

After a long, long minute, Bob died. 

She stood there for a long time. The sun had gone away now and it was only by faint moonlight, blurred by the coming rain clouds, that she could still see Bob's corpse with its ridiculous posture. She thought she should be crying now, there should be some kind of emotional response to having killed two unarmed human beings. She squinted a little, trying to squeeze out a tear for them, but it seemed unnatural. It was like something had snapped inside her. Like a supple branch on a young tree, you could only bend it so far. She had been the branch and this was just a force too much, it had broken her and she wondered if she could be fixed again.

When the first drops of rain began to land on her shoulders, she moved. She raised her hood and retrieved the spear. Bob's body dropped clumsily to the floor and the stench of his bowels emptying forced her to retch. Then she went to Kevin, checked his pockets and his bag, took off his boots and checked he didn't have anything hidden in them. He had various bits of metal, which she took, and some food which she also added to her own. He'd been carrying a long bladed knife, but hadn't drawn it. Why hadn't they armed themselves? She wrapped the scarf around her neck and placed the rest in her bag. Then she took time to drag the bodies into the woods away from the path and left them there. The animals would soon benefit from their deaths, it was the only respect she could offer them. Just as Sally had said.

*

Haster's Fell was a steep climb and even as the rain eased, Alex found it difficult to keep a grip on the wet grass and soil under her boots. The morning was coming fast but the downpour came faster and threatened to wash her back down the hill if she didn't reach the glow of lamplight soon.
“Who puts a village on a hill anyway?” she asked herself.
Twice she'd slid down a few feet, only halting herself by stabbing the ground with her spear until she could pull herself up again. Lightning flashed overhead and thunder drummed her skull and for a moment the world was a bright blue flash of clarity. Then it went again, allowing the early morning darkness to flood back in and blind her to any more than three feet in front of her.

She reached the path just as the sun began to climb and the rain came to an end. It was gravel and made its way down the western side of the fells – which was why she couldn't find it earlier. The land she had fought up was owned by the local dairy farmer who had refused to let the villagers pave his precious land. The farmer had said as much as she'd passed him earlier when he was just getting up to start his day.
“I tells 'em 'no way are you paving my fields'. I'd have cut off their milk for a month if they'd tried to. What are you going up there for anyway?” he asked.
“I'm supposed to meet a friend there, at an Inn. The...?” she said.
“Oh you mean the Hobb Inn?”
“Yes, of course.”
“That's a nice place. I go up there sometimes for a drop of ale or three. Rooms are cheap and the food isn't so bad.”
“Thanks. Anything else I should know?”
“Yeah, don't talk to the Massy sisters. There's five of 'em and they're all trouble. A boy like you shouldn't be hanging around folks like them.”
“Thanks for the warning,” she said.
The path ran straight through the little village, passing no more than a few buildings and the Inn. Lamps could be seen in the windows as people began to wake up and Alex passed by quickly, glancing inside a few of the small stone houses. There was a strong earthy smell in the air now that the rain had stopped and her boots often sunk into patches of mud where the gravel had disappeared. It was a miserable place and when she rapped her knuckles on the door of the Inn she didn't expect better inside.
“Can I help you?” A voice said from behind the door.
“I need a room and a meal,” she said. “Do you accept metal?”
“Aye, I do. Let me open up.”
She heard the clunking of bolts sliding back and the rattling of a large padlock being opened. Then the door swung inwards and a gust of hot air blew into her face. “The hearth is on, make yourself at home.”
The Innkeeper was a frail looking man with a band of silver hair around a smooth head and he walked with a limp as he returned to the bar. 
“Can I get you a drink?” he asked.
“Do you have tea?” she replied.
“Aye, three kinds. Came in last week from Fenshirk. A green one, a brown one and a normal one. What will it be?”
“A normal one, please.”
“Good choice. I'll just be a moment.” He disappeared through a door at the back of the bar and she pulled a straight backed wooden chair nearer to the roaring hearth to dry out. It was a cosy little place, she thought, with its dark stained wooden tables and chairs, its matching bar and the low beamed ceiling. The floor was tiled with large grey paving slabs and over the hearth was hung a strange thing; a metal tube with a wooden handle and some kind of mechanism at the back.
“It's called a rifle, dear. It can fire a small piece of metal a very long distance, like a bow, and can kill a man without getting close.”
“Does it still work?”
“Maybe, but nobody makes the bullets any more. Or at least they've forgotten how to. Here's your tea.” He set a large cup on the table along with a plate with some cold meat and bread on. There were two hard boiled eggs and a corner of cheese too. “I hate to be rude, but...”
“Of course,” she said, taking out a handful of metal and showing it to him.
“Sorry, but we've had some queer folk in here recently who had long gone before I could take payment. Trust ain't what it used to be.”
She sipped her tea and tore off a piece of bread. “Any news?” she asked.
“Let me see...” he said, scratching a scabbing cut on the top of his head. “There's been some queer occurrences south of here, lights and bangs and what not. They hung a man and his dog in Fenshirk for something, I don't know what. Then there's a group of strangers come down from Oldistown, passed by here and bought old Farmer Terry's mule and cart for a ridiculous sum. Made him almost rich it did.”
“Which way were they heading?”
“South, I think. Maybe to the End Gate or something. I don't really remember now. What about you?”
She chewed thoughtfully on one of the eggs. “I haven't heard much, I’ve been out in the wilds hunting. Been there months trying to catch a wolf pack that's been attacking travellers along the Spine.”
“Any joy?”
“Nope. Followed them as far as Greenmark but lost them not long after.”
“Pity. Recently its felt like they've grown in numbers. We lost a whole flock to a pack not last year. I'm not sure Ted has fully recovered his losses yet. Pity. Anyways, I’ll leave you to your breakfast. Here's your key, upstairs on the left.”

When she had finished eating she took the cup of tea up with her to her room. The Innkeeper had already been and lit the hearth and it was warming up nicely when she arrived. It was a small room with a single bed, a narrow dresser and a rocking chair under the window that faced west. The ceiling sloped at an angle and she had to duck to avoid hitting her head on one of the beams. She laid her things near the fire to dry and sat in the chair, looking out through the steamed up window onto the bleak fell.
Her mind wandered to Bear and wondered where he was. She had reached Haster's Fell in good time, as he'd instructed her to do, but now what? Wait? But for how long? Jo had cautioned her not to let winter arrive before leaving, but if Bear knew where she was then surely it made sense to wait for him before carrying on south. On the other hand, what about Kevin and Bob? They had tracked her, but had they shared their plan with someone else? Would they come looking for her? It was hard to hide the fact that she was travelling alone, something that wouldn't go unnoticed by anyone she met. Haster's Fell was a popular way point for travellers in these parts, it was obvious she would go here first. All these thoughts flitted around her head until she finished her tea and slid out of her boots. Before long the warmth of the fire and the gentle rocking of the chair made her eyes heavier and heavier until finally they closed and she began to sleep.

*

'You can't run from me, Alex.' Sprinting through the woods, my clothes too big for me... Tommy's clothes... 'You belong to me... Come home little girl...'
Where are my shoes? Running, running, turn here, no no no no no, same tree... Faster, he's coming.
'Come home, Alex.'
'I have no home' I shout but I can't hear me... Run run run. 'Bear, where are you?'
'He's hanging from a tree... What can he do now? Swing swing swing.'

She snapped awake and made the chair rock. Cold sweat clung to her forehead and her arms felt clammy. The hearth had died down to smouldering embers and the chill of a wet afternoon had sneaked in under the door. The nightmare lingered in her mind for a minute or two before turning to vapour and soon she forgot why she was still terrified. Alex threw a log from the bucket onto the fire and drank the last mouthful of cold tea. It was in that moment, as the tongues of heat licked up into the air, that she made the decision to leave. She wouldn't wait for him. Not here. Spearheart felt too close for her to risk one day waking from a nightmare into a living hell, for Spearheart himself to be stood there by the door, there to take her home.
Far to the west was Morgan's Town. She guessed it would take about a month to get there, but it would be better than waiting here for Spearheart to find her. And anyway, if Bear had escaped Fenshirk, he would know how to find her. She had no intention of going to the cursed city without him but if she left him a message he might catch her up.
She went downstairs, back into the Inn itself and some of the locals were sitting around the fire, enjoying a cup of ale and chatting.
“Hi,” she said, grabbing the Inn keeper's attention as he was pouring a drink from a large wooden cask. “I'll be leaving tonight, thanks.”
“So soon?”
“Yes, I still have a wolf-pack to hunt. My mate should arrive here shortly, you'll know him as Bear.”
“Oh yes, I think I can remember him. Been a long time since last I saw him and that dog of his.”
“Well, when he arrives, can you pass on a letter to him?”
“Of course, not a problem. Do you need paper and ink?” He disappeared under the bar and resurfaced with a small bottle and a roll of paper. She began to write out the message as best she could, given what she'd learned.

GONE TO DEAL WITH THE GANG WORKING THE ROADS
AGAIN. YOU DIDN'T DO A GOOD JOB LAST TIME.
FOLLOW IF YOU WANT TO.

He passed her an envelope and she sealed it with a bit of wax. “It's not often one so young knows her letters,” he said.
“I had a good teacher,” she replied, passing him the message. He placed it on a shelf above the casks.
“Do you need anything for the road?” he asked. “We have some bread left, some ham too.”
“Please,” she said, taking some metal from her bag and passing it to him. He came back with a cloth bag which held two small loaves, a piece of boiled ham, some onions and half a block of cheese. “Thank you.”
“Don't mention it. Have a safe journey.”
Outside the wind howled and the evening was on its way. She raised her hood and took the path west, back down the hill and into the fields where the grass was almost being pushed flat by the storm. Once she reached the woods she would be fine, she thought, the trees would take the brunt of the weather.
Chapter 11

THE TRAP

After a week of walking Alex found herself in a land of hills and mountains. It was different to what she'd already seen. Noticeably different, in fact. What had once been a land of rolling hills and open fields was now a landscape of rocky peaks and troughs, steep inclines and deep drops into valleys where slate seemed to erupt from the earth like boils. The roads were only roughly trodden pathways and for most of the journey she had to navigate herself, crossing through small breaks in the forest wall to sometimes avoid a steep climb. Thankfully she was never short of a meal as sheep roamed wild on the hills and her spear never missed. Most evenings she feasted on well-cooked lamb chops dripping with fat and a salad of roasted vegetables that she was able to find quite easily. She drank from the icy streams that rushed down mountainsides, fresh, clear water with a far greater taste than what she was used to.

After two weeks alone, she woke one morning and saw smoke rising in the west. She was still too far away from Morgan's Town and she wondered if it was another settlement not shown on the map. She untied herself from the upper trunks of a huge beech tree and climbed down, heading off in the direction of the fire.
She reached the edge of a cliff and stopped, looking down on a narrow valley between two large peaks where a small lake had formed in the midst of a barren, rocky strip of land. Near the lake was a small house with a slate roof and walls made from a dirty, mouldy looking stone. The smoke was coming from the chimney and even from where she was, far down at one end of the valley, she could just make out several people near the shore doing some kind of work.
She walked along the edge, looking for a place to climb down, finding a slope of scree near the feet of one of the peaks. Carefully, she made her way to the valley floor and began moving towards the house. The people on the shore grew bigger now and she could see three of them, women, dragging a large net across the lake. As she approached them they turned, gasped and began waving their arms at her. At first she thought it was to greet her, but when she got closer she saw their faces and her heart began thumping loudly in her chest. They were terrified and they were trying to warn her away before it was too late. She looked at the women and saw the chains on their ankles, linking one to another, and more trailing away, back towards the house.
“Go, quickly!” the nearest one said. “Before he sees you.”
But it was too late. The door to the house swung open and the chain holding the women tightened; they had to run back in or be dragged along. Then a huge man squeezed through the doorway and stood there, pointing something at Alex.
“You're a pretty one,” he said. His voice was deep and raspy and he coughed several times, spitting phlegm onto the floor. “Do you know what this is?” He gestured to the two tubes he was holding. It looked very similar to the rifle at Haster's Fell and she had a feeling it could kill her from where the man stood without him moving an inch.
“A gun,” she managed to say.
“Good girl. Put the spear down and take a few steps backwards. Try to run and I’ll shoot you dead.”
Slowly she bent down and placed the spear on the ground. Her chest was struggling to contain her heart, it felt like it had transformed into a big drum and would pound its way out of her if given the chance. Her legs had turned wobbly too, it was hard for her move them to do as the fat man was asking.
“Now the bag. Drop it and open your coat, I want to see if you're hiding anything.” She did so. “Are you sure you're a girl, you ain't got no tits. Not to worry, walk this way nice and slowly. Into the house.”

*

“Now then, what's a girl like you doing on her own out here?” The fat man pushed her into a room with the gun and the stink of sweat made her stomach turn. Up close he was disgusting. His head was covered in greasy hair that struggled to cover his bald patch and his trousers and shirt reeked of something unthinkable. They were threadbare, too, and his belly bulged out between his belt and the bottom of the shirt.
“I was just passing through,” she answered, though it took a great deal of energy to overcome her fear. In her mind her thoughts were screaming, racing past her at lightning speed, desperate to think of some way to escape. How had she been so stupid as to walk into this? Right then she wanted Bear, she needed him, she prayed in her mind for him to break down the door and save her.
“Really? On your own?”
“Yes.”
“That's pretty dumb. The world is a dangerous place.” He began laughing. Then he sat down in one of the chairs, dirty looking things that were covered in junk. The room must have been where he spent most of his time. There were animal bones that had been picked clean next to him in a large pile, used mugs with green fungus sprouting out of the top. The hearth was burning away, but ash and coal dust collected around its edges and it had been trampled across the floor by large boots. There were blankets here and there, soiled and stained with something... Blood in some places, yellow patches in others.
“Well, can't let you go out again. Something bad might come of it and I don't think I could live with myself if it did. So I'll just have to chain you up with the others - to be safe of course.” He got up with a lot of effort and went over to what might have been the kitchen, but inside was no cleaner than the living room. On a table was a pile of rusting chain and he lifted a piece up and brought it to where she stood. On one end was a manacle for her ankle, the other an open link to connect to the one long chain that ran down the hallway and out through the door. She flinched when he touched her and her skin crawled when he ran his fingertips over her thighs. “Not seen such a healthy girl for a long time. These slags have become bony and look like corpses. Smell like 'em too.” He laughed at his own wit, then returned to his chair.
“Take off your tops. Lets see them tits,” he said. “Might be better than those slags.”
She wanted to retch. Fear almost made her obey, to destroy her self esteem, the one she'd spent the last year building up from nothing. It would have been so easy to do so, to undress for him, to do what she'd done before...
“No,” she said. The defiance sparked a fire in her chest and she cradled it.
“No?”
“No. I will not.” He rose up out of his chair and took a step towards her. Then her world exploded as the back of his hand crashed into her face. She fell, hitting her head on a stool and toppling a pile of dirty plates. Her vision blurred as he kicked her in the stomach and she threw up.
“NOBODY SAYS NO TO ME!” he said. “NOBODY.”

At some point she passed out. The blows had come fast for a man of his size, all aimed at her stomach and when he realized she was wearing chain mail he tried to rip her jumper off. She'd fought back, landing several punches on the side of his head, splitting his ear and gouging at his eyes. He'd wailed in pain, then his boot had connected with her skull and everything had gone black.
When she came round, she was led on her back, looking up at a ceiling black with mildew.
“Bear?” she croaked. “Moll?” Her head was swimming and her vision was still blurry. She thought she could hear voices, men’s voices... Tom and Bear, Sally and Marj... Then someone came into view, someone she didn't recognise.
“Young lady, are you okay?”
“Where... am I?”
“I'm sorry dear, we tried to warn you.”
She sat up a little but felt her stomach knot up in fiery pain. She was led on the floor with only a blanket under her, her head propped up by a sack of something like flour. She felt herself down, realising he hadn't won, he hadn't touched her. Her jumper was still on and she could feel the links of the mail under it.
“You hurt him bad,” another voice said to her left. “He's in bed now, sleeping it off.”
“Help me up,” said Alex.
“Not yet, you need rest.”
“Get me up or get out of the way.”
She rolled onto her side and the pain bled from her eyes and rolled down her cheeks. One of the captive women held her arm and lifted her to her feet, the chain clanging as she did so. “Who are you?” she asked. The nearest one spoke first. She looked older than the other two and her hair was streaked with grey. They were all filthy and their clothes were now tattered mockeries of the originals.
“We're from Morgan's Town. We were taken in a raid and brought here by a gang of... They chained us here, turned us into slaves and left us here with him whilst they went out hunting people on the roads. One day they never came back and now the fat man upstairs...”
“Shush, don't speak like that,” said the girl near the door. “He might hear you.”
“Either way, we're stuck with him. We've no way to get the chain off and he's much stronger than us, as you found out before.”
“How long have you been here?”
“Three, maybe four years. We're so far from the road that no one will find us here or save us. Our families probably gave up looking a long time ago.”
Alex realised that her message to Bear had almost been prophetic. “Well I’ve no plans to stop here and have his filthy hands on me again.”
“You can't do anything in this state,” said the girl near the door.
“What's your name?” Alex asked.
“I'm Daphne,” said the older woman. “The nay-sayer is Tanya, the silent one is Mo.”
“I'm Alex, and you're right. I can't do anything like this. I feel like I’ve had my insides tenderised. What happened to my things?”
“They're in the cupboard in the hall. We went out and got them before he did. Where did you get a weapon like that?” said Tanya. “Can you use it?”
“Yes, but I don't think it's a match for that weapon he has. Does he always carry it with him?”
“Always.”
“Then the spear is useless. He'll kill me before I can throw it.”
Tanya looked into the hallway, “He's coming!” she said. The women scattered and Alex hobbled out into the hallway. He came down the stairs, holding the rail to steady himself. There was dried blood on his face from the split ear she'd given him and his eye was bloodshot and looked painful.
“Well, I suppose I had that coming. I forget how strong a well fed woman can be,” he said. Alex realised that the chain could never reach upstairs. The gun was in his arms again and it was the source of his control over these women, without it, or without the safety of his short chain, he could easily be overpowered. “Where are you from?”
“No where,” she said.
“And that's exactly where you're going, too. Can you brew up? Do you know how to?”
“Yes.”
“Then get to it.”

She came in with the tea a few minutes later and she placed it on the table. The chain only reached into the room so far, not far enough to get near his chair.
“Taste it,” he said. She realised that poisoning him was out of the question. She sipped it for him to see, then put it back on the table. “Now move away.” He continued to aim the weapon at her as she limped back into the hallway, then he took his cup and returned to his seat near the hearth. “Go away, please. I don't want your ugly face watching me drink.”
She returned to the kitchen where Daphne and Tanya were preparing food.
“Where does all this come from?” she asked.
“Someone from Morgan's Town comes on a cart once a month to deliver it,” said Daphne. “He hides us in the cellar so they don't see us.”
“Don't they realise what’s going on here?”
“Why would they? He used to work there, once. He must still have friends there who are willing to bring him his supplies.”
“And they never suspected he had anything to do with the gangs?”
“No, he always stayed here to guard us. He's too fat to go out raiding.”
“When's the next delivery due?”
“Not for a couple of weeks yet. Here, eat this.” She passed her a carrot and a piece of onion, then passed some to Tanya. “He won't feed us. Especially not you, Alex. Hunger will weaken you, then you can't put up such a fight the next time he...”
Hunger didn't bother her. She'd spent long enough on an empty stomach. Still, she ate it quickly and looked out of the window. Somewhere she hoped that he was just about to come over the cliff and save her, that he'd gut this dirty fat man in his chair and feed him to Moll. She pictured his fury, his anger at what he would find here, what he had done to her and then his revenge. It was this thought that got her through the next three weeks of captivity.

*

The fat man turned out to have a name. It was Carl, and Tanya had heard the gang use it before they disappeared. Alex didn't tell them that Bear had killed them a long time ago. Tanya suspected that someone had finally dealt with them, or that they'd simply moved on, leaving the three women and Carl behind.
Carl left her alone, but the same couldn't be said for the others. Sometimes he would call them in and have them do things for him. Mo seemed to be his favourite and each time she came out she looked more like a ghost than a person. Her eyes were vacant and her hair had begun to turn white but she couldn't have been much older than herself. Within a couple of weeks, Alex's stomach had returned to normal and the bruises were a pale yellow colour. Occasionally, Carl would look at her sideways, wondering why the lack of food hadn't seemed to weaken her yet.
“The boy from Morgan's Town should be coming this week,” said Daphne one day as they were peeling potatoes together at the sink. “Have you come up with a plan yet?”
“I'm afraid not. We can't do anything to his food without killing ourselves, he always gets us to taste it. We can't attack him because he has the gun and we're always held back by the chain. We can't break the chain... what else?”
“Looks like you're as stuck as we are.”
A plate was put down on the table and they both spun round. “Mo, you gave us a serious fright there. What are you doing, princess?”
Mo shrugged, then shuffled over to them. To Alex she said, “Poison.”
“Mo, you spoke!”
“Poison,” she repeated. “In his food.”
“We can't,” said Daphne. “He'll make us taste it.”
Mo just nodded and said, “Poison.” Then she shuffled away again.
“What do you think that was about?” asked Daphne.
“I think I understand. But I don't like it. I don't like it at all.”

That evening, Carl demanded his supper early. “I'm starving, get me the last of the food – the boy will be here tomorrow so it don't matter.”
Alex went into the kitchen and prepared the last of the stores. It was potato and leak soup that they'd made from the remaining vegetables.
“Are we doing it then?” said Tanya. “Who's taking it in?”
“I will,” said Alex. “I think I can just sip a little and be okay.”
The women looked at each other. “You'd do that, for us?” said Daphne, her eyes glistening.
“It's our only chance. Quick, in my bag. There's a handful of purple berries in the pouch. Get them.” Tanya ran out to the cupboard and came back a moment later.
“These?”
“Yes, mix them in.”
Daphne mashed them into the soup and added extra salt to cover the sweetness of the berries. Then she passed the bowl to Alex.
“Where's my supper?” called Carl again.
“Are you sure you'll be okay? We can't escape without you,” said Tanya.
“I'll be fine,” she lied. She knew nightshade would kill her, Carl wouldn't let her get away with a little sip. He'd want to see her take a large spoonful. Enough to make her seriously ill, even kill her.
She walked into the hallway and towards the living room. As she was about to enter, Mo appeared suddenly, snatched the bowl from her and went in.
“Mo, what are you doing?” she hissed, though deep down she already knew what she'd planned. That had to be the only reason she'd broken her silence. Poison. It was for her, not just for him. She wanted to die, perhaps even more than she wanted Carl dead.

They waited in the kitchen in silence. They waited for a full half hour until Mo returned with the empty bowl.
“Why?” said Daphne, tears streaming down her cheeks. Mo simply shrugged and walked away. “Now what?”
“We wait.”

In the morning they heard him. He was wailing something from his bedroom, but as the chain wasn't long enough to reach up the stairs, the girls waited at the bottom, hoping he would die soon. If he realised he'd been poisoned he might come down with the gun and kill them all. Alex had suggested they wait and if he did try something, at least they would put up a good fight.
Mo had collapsed that night and had taken to her bed on the floor, sweating and muttering none-sense.
“It's the berries. They'll make her see things that aren't there,” said Alex. “Before...”
“What are we supposed to do? The boy will be coming with the supplies from Morgan's Town soon. He always comes just after dinner,” said Daphne.
“What normally happens? Does he come to the door? Can we reach him?”
“No, Carl goes out to him so he doesn't come near the house. That way he knows we can't signal to him,” said Tanya.
“We'll have to watch for him, smash a window or something to get him to come near to us. Then we can call him and hopefully he'll help us. If he can get a message to Morgan's Town then maybe they'll send help,” said Alex.
Carl wailed again, shouted something about his mother, then went silent. “At least he's staying up there.”
“For now,” said Tanya who went to care for Mo. Alex looked at the chains, wondering if it was possible to break the links somehow. If she only had half of the tools she'd had at Tom's forge it wouldn't be a problem. They weren't huge links, but still, without at least a hammer and a good solid chisel they weren't going anywhere. The key to the manacles on their legs was upstairs and far out of their reach. The long chain they were all attached to ran through the wall at the back of the house and onto a large reel that was cranked by hand, but there was no way of getting to it. Carl had gone outside to operate it when he wanted the women at the lake.

After a few hours, Mo died. She writhed on the floor, dribbled from the corner of her mouth and suddenly gasped. Then she was gone. Daphne broke down, dropping to her knees, and began sobbing. Tanya began hitting things, throwing whatever she could around the room, venting her anger at the one person she couldn't even get to. Alex just stood there, numb, unable to feel anything. Just like before.
“I haven't heard anything from upstairs for a while,” she said. “Maybe he's dead too.” Tanya looked up, her eyes red and raw.
“I hope that bastard suffered more than Mo did.”
“I'm sorry, Tanya, but we need to think of ourselves now. We need to make sure the boy helps us.”
“He should be here soon,” said Daphne.
“Okay then, lets move into the kitchen.” She helped Tanya to her feet and together they walked past the stairs and into the back of the house. The stove was cold and the house began to chill a little as Daphne climbed up to get a better view.
“Anything? We should be able to see him coming down the road,” said Alex.
“I think he's coming... Wait... Yes, his cart is way off but he's definitely coming.”
The wait seemed longer than anything she'd ever experienced before. Tanya passed a rolling pin up to Daphne, ready to break the glass, but it seemed an age before the cart arrived.
“He's here!” she said. “Watch out!” She swung the pin into the glass and it smashed, spraying them in tiny shards. Then she began calling out to the boy, “Help us!”
“Well?” said Alex. “Is he coming?”
“He's stopped. Wait, he's looking. Shit, he's turning around... He's leaving!” She screamed through the broken pane, desperate for him to come back to the point that she didn't notice the blood seeping from her hands.
“He's going! He's leaving us!”
Alex's heart sank. 
“What the hell do we do now?” said Daphne.
“Maybe he's going to get help. Maybe he'll come back.”
“It will take days for him to get there and come back. There's no food and without the chain being extended we can't get water. We're doomed.”
“Just let me think,” said Alex. The girls sat on the floor holding each other and weeping while Alex racked her brain to come up with some way of breaking the chains. She examined the links, forge-welded and with enough heat and some leverage they would split the joins. But the stove wouldn't burn hot enough to get them to red heat. Plus there was little in the way of leverage. Short of cutting her leg off, the options were non-existent.
“Well?” said Tanya. Alex shook her head.
“Short of breaking my ankle to slide my foot through this manacle, I can't see a way out.”
“Will it work?”
“Will what work?”
“Breaking my ankle?”
“You can't be serious?”
“I'm dead if we don't do something, so what's a broken ankle?”
“I feel sick,” said Daphne.
“I'm being serious, Alex. Then I can get up the stairs and find the key. It's our only hope.”
“I can't do it, the pain would be incredible. I can't break your ankle!”
“Then I’ll do it.” Tanya led out and began pulling her foot backwards. Daphne started screaming at her to stop.
“Wait!” said Alex. “Get my bag... there might be something there to numb the pain.”

When she returned, she rummaged in the pouches and found what she was looking for. Sally had given her a small amount of a plant that she'd bought from a passing trader in Greenmark. She'd shown her how to use them to make a highly effective pain killer and warned her not to waste it. They were from another country and would be hard to come across again. She couldn't think of any situation more desperate than this one and so she made up the mixture and handed it to Tanya.
“I was told it'll make things go really weird,” she warned her. “But you shouldn't feel too much of the pain.”
“Do I drink it all?”
“Yes, then when its working I’ll break your ankle. Once the manacle is off I’ll try to put it back straight and wrap it up.” Tanya's hand was trembling as she smelt the liquid. “That's foul.”
“Are you still sure you want to do this?”
“Yes, let's just get it over with.” She emptied the glass in one draught, then retched. “That's disgusting! How long does it...”
They hadn't eaten much for days so the effects were sudden. She began to slur her words and soon she was laughing to herself.
“I... like it...” she said.
Alex prodded her leg with the edge of her knife, going as far as to draw blood. Tanya seemed to feel nothing. She led her on her back and placed a log under her ankle.
“Ready?” she said to Daphne.
“I can't watch.”
She placed both hands on the top of her foot and began to press down slowly. Tanya was still laughing until Alex suddenly shoved as hard as she could and the bones gave way with a loud, sickening crunch. As Tanya passed out, Alex slid the manacle over her foot, turned around and threw up. After a few minutes, once she had recovered, Alex did her best to put the ankle back into place and began wrapping it with strips of cloth. Once it was secure and couldn't move freely, they sat Tanya up a little and waited for the mixture to wear off.
“That was brave of you,” said Daphne after a while. “I couldn't have done that.”
“I think Tanya is the brave one. I couldn't have let a stranger break my ankle.”
“If it wasn't for you then Carl would still be alive and we'd have no hope of escaping. Thank you.” Alex smiled, but they weren't free yet. “How long till she wakes up?”
“I don't know. Sally never told me.”
“Who was Sally?”
“A friend I used to live with. She and her husband looked after me when I started my journey. I wintered at their house and they taught me all sorts of things. That's where these plants came from.”
“Well I’m grateful to her, too. I'm glad you were journeying past here or...” Daphne put a hand on hers. “The world is a dark place, Alex. I'm glad there are still some bright lights left in it.”

*

Tanya woke much later in the day, groggy and moaning at the pain that was creeping up her leg. When she was ready they helped her to her good foot.
“It worked then,” she said, still a little disorientated. “That was some good stuff. I felt great!”
“I wouldn't get a taste for it if I were you. I was warned that it's sold in the harbour towns as a drug to get high on. Very addictive.”
“Still, it did the trick and now I don't have to drag that chain around with me.” She hobbled to the bottom of the stairs and grabbed the rail. “Lets get this key and get out of here.”
Slowly she began to hop up the stairs, looking and listening and they were all afraid that somehow Carl might still be alive. It took her a full hour to begin coming back down and when she did she waved the key in the air.
“Lookee what I got!” she said. “The fat bastard had it in his pocket.”
“He's dead then?” said Alex.
“Deader than the door frame. Rotting too by the smell of him. That place is a mess.” Alex took the key and unlocked Daphne, then herself.
“Now what?” asked Daphne.
“How far is Morgan's Town? Do you know the way from here?”
“We follow the path north, out of the valley, I think. There should be a road a few miles west.”
“We'll need to make you some crutches to walk with first. Find me some...”
Tanya was shaking her head. “I can't walk, Alex. I'll slow you down. It makes more sense for you two to get help and come back for me.”
“Tanya, we can't do that!” said Daphne. “We can't leave you here, there's no food for a start.”
“Look, fill some of the big jugs with water and get me some blankets and I’ll be fine. I could do to lose a bit of weight anyway.”
“No, we can't...”
“It will take weeks with me hobbling around. I'll be fine, I promise.
Daphne looked at Alex who shrugged. “She's right I suppose. We'll be as quick as we can, Tanya.”
“You best had. Bring me a slab of that nice cheese they sell at the market. I'll be hungry when you get back.”

They searched the house and found a few bits of food still left, but it wouldn't last long. They made her comfortable in the living room, filled as many containers with water as they could and piled logs around the hearth for her to throw on. They also took Mo's body outside, but Carl was too heavy to move between them and so they covered him with the dirty yellow bedding instead. Daphne put a pair of Carl's boots on, but had to wear a few pairs of his thick woollen socks to pad her feet out so they wouldn't fall off. She took his coat and hat and when Alex was satisfied they were as ready as they could be, they prepared to leave.
“We'll be as quick as we can,” said Daphne with tears in her eyes.
“I know. Take care, I’ll think of you out there in the cold while I sit by this fire,” she replied.
“We'll be back soon. Keep the gun close, just in case.”
“I will, though I'm sure I don't know if I can use it. Don't forget the cheese.”
Chapter 12

HOPE AND SADNESS

Alex had decided to leave immediately, the moonlight being bright enough to navigate by. They circled the lake as Daphne suggested and came to the end of the valley where the rocky outcrops became denser. An hour later and they'd found the road and hurried along at as fast a pace as they could manage, Daphne soon trailing behind as she struggled with sore feet and a lack of energy.
“I haven't eaten properly since, well, I don't know when. It's killing me, Alex,” she said.
“We haven't any choice – we need to get there as quickly as possible.”
“But my feet are on fire...”
They pressed on into the morning but soon Daphne was so far behind that Alex often had to wait for her to catch up, only to start again straight away. It meant that she was getting a rest but for Daphne it was all a relentless slog. The afternoon came and went and they were slowing to almost a crawl now, her feet bleeding and tears freely falling down her face.
“So much pain...” she said. Alex had loaned her the spear to lean on but it didn't speed her up at all. She was suddenly reminded of her first day on the road after leaving the 'Last Mocha'.
“How much further, do you know?” she asked. Daphne shook her head.
“Can we stop, please?”
“No, Tanya needs us to get there as quickly as we can. There could still be another day of walking left. In fact, I can almost promise you there will be.”
“That makes me feel so much better.”
“It's the truth. Like it or lump it.”
“Aren't we stopping to sleep?”
“Not if I can help it.”
The evening came and still they walked, though now Daphne was shuffling and crying freely. Driven along by a deep sense of guilt for Tanya, Alex drove her onwards until a cloudy night came in around them. The light failed and soon they were forced to stop in a dense woodland just off the road. Alex got a fire going and settled Daphne near it, taking her boots off to let her feet dry.
“Let the air get to them. Dry your socks, too. Damp feet are what causes the worst blisters,” she said.
“It's a bit late for that. But thanks.” She elevated her feet on her bag to help with the healing, then took her spear and went into the woods to hunt. She had little hope of finding anything but it was still worth a try, she thought. If nothing else she could lay a few snares and hope to catch a rabbit or two for the morning.
After an hour she returned to the fire to see Daphne sleeping in her bed roll. 
“Where are you, Bear?” she said out loud. “You'd know what to do.”
“Who's Bear then?” said Daphne, turning over, her eyes still closed.
“My friend. He's the best Dalesman I know. He'd have rabbit roasting on a spit by now, the fat crackling in the flames. I can almost taste it...”
“Stop it, you're making it worse.”
“If you think you walked far today, spend a week with him. You'd wish you didn't have feet. I can still remember the pain from those first few days on the road. It seems like years ago now.”
But Daphne was snoring and Alex sat looking into the flames, poking them with a stick every now and again. She wondered if he was sat round a fire now. Unable to sleep.
“Goodnight, Bear.”

*

As soon as it was daylight, Alex checked the snares and found one had caught a fat brown rabbit. Delighted with the catch, she cleaned it and set it cooking on the embers of the fire while Daphne woke up. Then they ate as they walked, not wanting to waste a moment.
Morgan's Town came into sight on the third day. Alex marvelled at how Carl could persuade someone to come so far with his supplies.
“He must have paid very well,” said Daphne.
“That steel chain came from somewhere. I suppose it would buy you a lot of supplies and influence.”
“Still, who cares? I just want to see my brother.”
The town was huge, bigger than Fenshirk had been and the harbour stretched from one side to the other. There were many boats and ships moored there and the streets were heaving with people. The buildings were spread out along the hollow of a cliff face and were made out of timber and slate, painted white, and the town looked like a bone lost on a green table cloth.
Daphne led the way, taking them past buys workshops and fisheries to the housing districts.
“My brother should be down this street,” she said. They earned some funny looks from people who passed by but still they pressed on, reaching a clean white house with a low, long slate roof that nestled in the corner of a small bend in the road. “Here, it looks just like I remember it.”
“I hope he remembers you. We need help, fast. We need to get back.”
“Yes yes yes, we will.” She knocked on the door. It opened and a woman answered. She was tall and lean, quite pretty and in the crook of her arm was a young child.
“Can I help you?” she said with a look of annoyance.
“Is Rob in?” said Daphne.
“He's at work. Can I help?”
“I'm Daphne, Rob's sister... I'm alive.” The woman stared at her for a moment, then her face flashed with anger.
“That's a cruel joke. Good day, miss.” The door slammed shut.
“What now?” said Alex. “Where does Rob work?”
“Down at the harbour. Let's go.”
He was labouring at a large cargo vessel and he saw them approach the pier, Daphne limping painfully. He came running over, dropping the huge coil of rope he was carrying.
“Oh my god, I thought you were dead?” he cried, grabbing her. Daphne was hysterical, wailing as if realising for the first time that she was actually free. It was beyond her ability to understand three years of captivity at the hands of someone like Carl, but her life with Spearheart had come pretty close.

Within hours, Alex was riding on the back of a cart on her way out of Morgan's Town. After apologising many times, Rob's wife insisted that Daphne stay with her while she and Rob went to get Tanya. Alex suspected Rob's desire to loot the house was driving him far more than the need to bring back a girl he didn't know. When Daphne had mentioned the chain, his eyes had lit up. Alex didn't blame him, that was a fortune to any blacksmith and might even get them a comfortable life in the town.
“Thank you,” said Rob as they trotted along. The cart wasn't comfortable at all, but it was much faster than walking and it'd been loaded with food and water which she helped herself to. “I'm glad you found my sister when you did. We all assumed she'd been killed by the raiders. I never knew this house even existed until today.”
“I was only passing by and would have still been a prisoner there if it wasn't for Tanya.”
“Still, I’m grateful to you. To both of you.”

It was in the afternoon of the next day that they came to the valley. They had to steer around the impassable rock formations, just like the boy had done days ago, and come to the house from the other side. Then they pulled up near the lake and Alex climbed down, Rob not far behind.
“Wow,” he said, taking it in. “No wonder we didn't know it was here, you can't see it unless you're on top of it.” Alex took the cheese she'd bought from the market and ran to the front door. She pushed it open, calling out her name and ran into the living room. It was cold, the fire had been out for a long time. She saw Tanya still lying there, wrapped in her blankets. But there was a smell too, a stench of something...
“Tanya?” she called. Alex stepped closer. Her eyes were open but they were staring into space. Her face was pale and lifeless, her lips almost blue. The foot she had broken poked out from under the blankets and it was black. Red lines criss crossed up her thigh and a horrible purple had spread from her ankle.
“Alex?” called Rob as he came in, reacting to the smell. “Is she...?”
“Dead,” she replied, kneeling and brushing the hair from Tanya's face. “She's dead.”

A voice from the doorway suddenly pierced the silence, “The break had cut off the circulation to her foot. The infection killed her. It wasn't your fault, you never could have known.” 
Alex looked up and saw him standing there behind Rob. His frame took up the entire doorway and behind him a pair of keen eyes stared at her, tongue lolling out of its fanged mouth.
“Where were you?” she said. He didn't answer. “They died. Both of them. They died to save us.”
“I know.”
“He was evil. The things he made Mo do... The things...”
He entered the room, Moll padding behind him. He lifted her up from the floor and held her for a long time as the pain broke through the cynical shell she'd clothed herself in as much as the chain mail had.

*

Rob loaded what he could onto the back of his wagon, the chain, the steel rollers, anything he could trade back at Morgan's Town. 
“What are your plans?” he asked Alex as they sat on rocks near the lake side.
“We won't be going back with you. We've business in the south,” said Bear. “But Alex has bought this house with her own blood, and that of her friends. It belongs to her now, I don't want to come back and find it damaged in anyway, or occupied by strangers. You're to tell the boy who delivered the goods to be back before winter and to fill the cellar with plenty of supplies. You'll be paying, of course.” Rob blushed but nodded.
“It's the least I can do. You saved my sister, Alex. I'll make sure your house is well looked after until you return.” With that, Rob said goodbye and set off back home, the horse struggling to pull the cart this time. It trundled away into the distance and Alex didn't speak until it was gone.
“I don't want the house,” she said.
“If you go around believing places are 'evil' then you'll soon run out of places to go,” he said. He threw a pebble into the lake, watched the ripples fade away.
“What do I want a house for, anyway?”
“Because I won't have you become like me. At least, not too much. No, you need a home, somewhere that belongs to you. I also think this house is important. It's where you stopped being a little girl and became a woman. You didn't stay at Haster's Fell like I instructed, you made your own mind up and came west. If you hadn't, who knows what condition those ladies would be in now.”
“They'd be alive.”
“Would they? They were dead inside by the sounds of it. You set them free, all by yourself. For a short time, Mo and Tanya were free again. You made that possible.”
“But now they're dead.”
“But can you judge the worth of a life by its quality, or by its quantity? Live to ninety if you want, but is that ninety years of joy or ninety years of suffering? I would rather have thirty years of joy than...”
“Forever filled with suffering?” He nodded.
The evening was rolling in again and for a moment she forgot all sense of time. It was hard to think that it was almost a year since she'd set off from the 'Last Mocha', a year since this had all begun.
“It's a nice house,” she said after a while.
“It can be what you want it to be. Home, maybe.”
“Home,” she said.

Bear dug two graves away from the house. There they laid Mo and Tanya and marked the spot with stones. Carl's body was burned on the other side of the lake along with all his possessions and all the rubbish from inside the house. Together they cleaned and scrubbed the place, lit fires in all the rooms and repaired the few broken windows and the missing tiles on the roof. By the end of the following day Bear was sat outside in the summer's evening on chairs they'd found in the bedroom.
“I'll just be a sec,” said Alex as she went inside to prepare supper. He'd been right, it was starting to feel a little like a home should feel like. On the stove a kettle was whistling and she took it outside and put it on a table next to him. He sniffed the air and grinned.
“Coffee,” he said. “Oh I’ve missed that aroma. I can guess we have the lovely Jo Cross to thank for this.”
“We do,” she replied, setting a platter of cheese, biscuits, pickles and ham down next to it.
Birds gathered on the lake, disturbing the mirrored surface that reflected the last of the sunlight up into the sky. It was almost silent in the valley, save for the sound of the stream flowing down the hill side. Bear sipped his coffee and sighed. Even Moll, led flat out on the patio, rolled over in delight.
“And thanks go to Rob for leaving us something to eat,” he added. “You'll need to start planting next year. Get some root veg down, potatoes and the like. You've room to have a few chickens, maybe even the odd pig or cow.”
“How did you escape Spearheart? How did you leave Fenshirk?” she asked. He winced as if remembering a pain like a person might remember their arthritis if they flexed their fingers.
“I'll answer your question if you answer mine.”
“Okay. It's a deal.”
He refilled their cups and piled cheese on a biscuit. “I was arrested as soon as I stepped foot in the Judge's house. He must have known I was coming that morning and at first, to my shame, I suspected Jo had betrayed me.”
“Really?”
“I never believed Spearheart had the power and influence people thought he had. Until now. He'd blackmailed the Judge into arresting both of us, threatening to cut off coal to the town. The Judge had no choice but to grab me, but was shocked to find that you were not with me.”
“I was with Jo, learning how to throw a spear. What a coincidence?”
“Indeed. It was then that I scalded myself for not trusting Jo in the first place. She'd gotten wind of Spearheart's plan and took steps to keep you from him. The lessons were a clever ruse, she knew I would be fine on my own, but you could so easily be smuggled out through the wall. After she'd seen you off, she came to me at my cell and told me what had happened.”
“Is she okay? Did they suspect anything?”
“No, she's fine. We're even now, an old debt got repaid that night. That still left me and Moll behind bars, but once Spearheart realised you'd escaped he soon lost interest in me. He ordered the Judge to hang me for the crime of kidnapping.”
“Word reached as far as Morgan's Town that you'd been hung,” she said.
“Well I can assure you it wasn't a pleasant experience. It's a short drop and a sudden stop, but both Moll and myself played our part and the next day we were shipped out beyond the wall to be buried in lime and dirt with a lot of other corpses.”
“And Jo led the way.”
“Of course. She'd brought all my things and told me which way you were going. I got your message but was soon diverted off your trail by Fin who met me not far from Haster's Fell. He had further news regarding our quest – a journey I hope you haven't forgotten?”
“Not at all,” she said, grinning.
“We went south, claims that these metal-men had been seen again started to be heard over mugs of ale in the taverns. We followed them over the wastelands and came upon them in the ruins of the old world.”
“Where's that?”
“You'll see soon enough. We must travel through there within the month. Anyway, there were only three of them but they took some beating. We fought for a day and a night in those ruins, but in the end we had them trapped. They soon surrendered and the equipment they were using was destroyed.”
“Where did they come from?”
“Fin did his best to get that information from them, but two of them died from their wounds. The last refused to speak, at first, but eventually he said a single sentence: Talos will find out and Ordenheim will know.”
“Who?”
“Ordenheim and Talos. Two names, one a fictional character from the early days.”
“Should I know the other?”
“No, but I should. He was with us in Fort Longsteel. He was there when the power came back on. He was a scientist working on the medicine given to us and when he saw the effects it had he must have injected himself with it too. We didn't give it much thought at the time, it was only afterwards, when we returned to Longsteel, that we realised who he was. In the panic and fear of that day no one saw him leave or questioned who he was.”
“So you think he's the one who's re-opened the fort?”
“I don't know, but it doesn't bode well so far.”
“So we're leaving again?”
“Tomorrow, I hope. I warned you not to get too comfortable too soon,” he said, a smile forming under the beard.
“It isn't going anywhere,” she said, nodding towards the house. “Who knows, I might have a thing or two to put on the empty shelves when I get back.”
“You might. Now my turn to ask a question.” She finished her coffee, taking in a mouthful of bitter coffee grind.
“Okay then. Shoot.”
“When you killed the two men in the woods, how did you feel?”
She froze. She suddenly felt trapped. A pain spread from her chest, down her arms, her legs, her stomach.
“Killing a person isn’t like killing a wolf. Nor should it ever be that easy. How did you feel?”
“I...” Her throat seized shut. 
Bear was silent and he stared at her for a long time.
“Good,” he finally said. “That's the answer I was looking form. Remember their names. Remember their faces. It'll be the only way you'll know.”
“Know what?” she croaked.
“You'll understand. One day.”
Chapter 13

THE TOMBS OF THE PAST

After a good nights sleep they were away before dawn. Breakfast had been light and no sooner had they loaded their bags with supplies than Bear set off across the valley at a fair pace, Moll racing on ahead to explore alone. She kept pace alongside him as they clambered over the rocky outcrops and dove into the thick forest wall.
“We'll head south-east for a few days before we make for the ruins. We'll detour to stop at the Old Trading Post on the Severn river, but after that we're on our own all the way to the city of Glass and Bone,” said Bear. “Be warned – you've had an easy time of things – once we leave the river it's a whole different world. The south hasn't really been occupied for very long, not since the early days, at least not by civilised folk. A few towns sprung up but were soon abandoned.”
“What can I expect?” she asked.
“Everything. Those ruins are home to lots of things worse than Carl. Much worse. It's a place where the past clings onto the present with sharp claws and still refuses to let go. Let it get into your head and you won't come out of there again. My words to you when we met haven't changed, trust me and do what I ask and we'll make it through. Doubt me and we're doomed.”
“You haven't let me down so far,” she said. “But you said you've been through there before?”
“Yes, often. And I haven't hesitated to kill. I expect the same from you. Hesitate and they'll be eating you for breakfast.” He paused, looked her in the eyes. “I mean it – they'll be eating you for breakfast the next day. Girls taste better than men I’m told and they aren't too choosy on their meals.”
“I'll bear that in mind. What are we going to do about Spearheart?”
“Nothing. I underestimated him before, I don't plan on overestimating him either. Once we're past the Old Trading Post no one in their right minds will follow us into the ruins. It takes a special kind of crazy to go in there. I also think he'll reason you jumped on a boat to Sinosi - especially if Jo has anything to do with it.”

It took them four days to reach the Trading Post. On the second day the sky had turned to a grey mass of brooding anger and by the evening it'd let loose its full rage. It rained on them right up until they entered the town and suddenly stopped as if it had done what it had set out to do.
“The Trading Post isn't a Fenshirk or a Greenmark. People here are from the south and they're not exactly friendly,” Bear warned her. “Keep a hand on your bag and trust no one. Don't go eye-balling anyone either. In fact, just keep your head down and let me do the talking.”
Bear hadn't exaggerated. The town was set on a small rise in an empty stretch of land at the end of a narrow river that ran out to sea. The buildings were badly made from scrap metal and bits of rough-hewn timber. Animals roamed up and down the muddy streets and dogs fought over scraps thrown out by dirty aproned butchers. Tramping along the suckling roads were people of all stripes, men with patch-work armour and clothes, men in kilts and bare chests, tribals with ear lobes opened to large gaping holes. Women worked the corners, breasts exposed and passers-by were bombarded with lewd gestures and invites.
“Where the hell are we?” she whispered as their boots slopped through the mud.
“I think you've answered your own question,” he replied. “Just keep your head, girl. Look up and straight ahead like none of it bothers you.”
They dodged a passing donkey pulling a cart loaded with meat, flies buzzing around its head. The noise was enough to drive her mad, shouting and cursing, laughing and coarse jokes. A fight suddenly broke out in a side street. Knives were drawn and the taller of the two buried it into his opponent's stomach. Then she realised it was a woman and not a man. A big, butch woman in dirty brown leather with a shaved head.
“Please tell me we're not stopping here!” she said.
“Do you have a death wish? No, of course not. But I need to see someone. And we also need supplies. The ruins are a week away and like I said, after this there's nothing for us. No hunting, no trading, maybe no decent water either. It may be a scum pit, but we need it.”

Bear led her into a dark building just off the main street. It stunk of sweat and raw fish and a cloud hung in the air that smelt like the inside of her boots. When her eyes had adjusted to the gloom she could see people coming and going behind a door, people working at tables putting dried leaves into small bags.
“Well well, it's the Bear again,” said a man sat at a table, the source of the fog in his left hand. He took a deep, long drag from the cigarette and grinned. Most of his front teeth were missing, his hair looked to be falling out and his body, under worn and faded cotton, was thin, almost emaciated to the point where she could see his bones poking through thin skin.
“Jack,” said Bear. “I've come for my gear.”
“You got the metal?” Bear threw a bag onto the table that clanked on the false wooden top. “We couldn't source the EMP's you asked for but the rest is in there.” The man got up from his seat and hobbled over to a large brown sack in the corner of the room. He hunched over it, struggling to lift it onto the table. Bear opened it, rummaged through it and nodded.
“Thanks.”
“Don't mention it. Any news from the north I should know?” said Jack, returning painfully to his chair and breathing heavily.
“Conrad is still supplying Fenshirk with Cornish leaf.”
“From Sinosi?”
“Aye. The Judge is turning a blind eye on this one. Some say he's been bought.”
“Guess I’ll pay Conrad a visit then.”
“Guess you will.”
“Anything else?”
“The Judge had Eliza hung last month. Had him charged with smuggling. Said he had witnesses.”
“Names?”
“Rickman, Harvey and Friendly. All in Fenshirk.”
“More visits. Anything else?”
“Rumour has it that a mine has been found.” He reached into his pocket and took out a folded piece of paper. “It's in the hills, I’ve marked the entrance and the direction of the face.” He passed it to Jack.
“Excellent. Thanks, Bear. I look forward to our next transaction.”
With that Bear turned, taking the bag and leaving the way they came, back onto the street.

“What was that about?” she asked once they were far enough away.
“Jack accepts two types of payment. Metal and information. I don't like it, but the stuff in this bag is expensive and we need it to get through the ruins alive.”
“And the names you gave him?”
“People he'll send his own people to visit. Conrad is his competitor in Cornish leaf dealing, Eliza was one of his own, his cousin I think. The Judge caught him dealing in Fenshirk and had him executed. The witnesses lied to convict him.”
“Was he a dealer?”
“Of course he was.”
“Then he deserved to be executed then, surely?”
“Perhaps.”
“But you just gave the names of the witnesses to Jack who'll probably have them murdered.”
“And?”
“That doesn't seem quite right to me.” Bear stopped, looked around and found an empty side street. He pushed through the crowd, set his bag down on the floor and commanded Moll to sit.
“Explain,” he said. Alex folded her arms and stood opposite him.
“It doesn't seem right to sell the names of people trying to do a good thing to a bloody drug dealer. That's all I’m saying.”
“I get that. But what I don't get is what you mean by 'right'.”
“What?”
“You said it doesn't seem 'right'. What do you mean?”
“I mean it isn't a good thing to do.”
“Good?”
“Yes.”
“What do you mean by 'good'?”
“You know exactly what I mean by 'good'. Right and wrong, good and bad.”
“I know what you mean. I don't get what you mean by it.”
“That makes no sense.”
“Of course it does. For example, you say it's 'wrong' to sell those names to Jack, correct?”
“Correct.”
“I say it's wrong to kill unarmed men, correct?”
“Correct,” she said, then realising what she'd said, she paused. Bear stared at her intently, his brow furrowed.
“Well?”
“That's not fair. That's not the same.”
“Isn't it?”
“No I... I mean... They would have taken me back to him. To Spearheart. I didn't want to go back. I don't want to go back.”
“So you did what you thought was right?”
“At the time I thought it was right. But I think I was wrong.”
“What should you have done?”
“Talked to them, or run away.”
“But you killed them. Unarmed men. Dead.”
“I...”
“Well it looks to me like justice needs to be done. If a man should hang for dealing in drugs, how much more a murderer of unarmed men?”
“What?”
“Well you seem bent on bringing justice to the world, the right thing to do would be to hand you in and have you executed. Yes?”
“But I...” She felt a lump rise in her throat. “I did what I thought was right. That's not fair.”
“Fair? Those men might have had wives and children. Now they don't have a Father or a Husband. Is that fair?”
“No of course not.”
“So what should I do?” Silence. She held his gaze for a moment, then her eyes dropped and she sighed. He smiled, lifting her chin with his hand. “Alex, you are smart and you have a loving nature. But this world does not. It is cold and cruel and as much as I would love there to be justice and peace and fellowship, I have spent over a thousand years seeing exactly the opposite. Whatever judgement you want to pass on someone must first be passed on you. Can you do this?”
“Not without finding myself guilty.”
“Exactly.”
“Then is the whole world guilty?”
“That's one point of view I suppose. A point of view that goes back to perhaps the beginning of time itself.”
“What's your point of view?”
“That of the wolves you killed in Greenmark. They were hungry, their pack needed food because the winter was hard on them. Their pups would die without food. They came down from the forest to find food. You were protecting your own, you fought them so people didn't die. You were stronger and the victory was yours. Were you or the wolves wrong?”
“Neither.”
“That's my point of view then.”

*

They left the Old Trading Post before nightfall and camped in the woods. Bear warned her that from now on they would have to be careful as they travelled.
“These lands are crawling with the lowest forms of life imaginable. In a day or so the forests will disappear. It will become wasteland littered with machinery you've never seen before, buildings that will make your head spin. Above all else, keep control.” He set the bag at his feet and opened it. “Pass me the spear.”
She did so. He took it in one hand and began attaching a small, flat piece of shiny metal to the shaft. From it he gently drew almost invisible strands of wire so thin they barely caught the fire light. Once they'd reached beyond the spear head he let go and the cords wrapped themselves around the entire weapon. He passed the spear back to her.
“What did you do?” she asked.
“Put your thumb on the metal.” As she did so the spear thrummed into life, the cords glowing in the darkness like liquid starlight. “Now, strike the tree over there with the butt of the spear.” Alex went over to the tree, nervous at the sight of the weapon, but struck the tree as instructed. There was a terrific bang like lightning and the tree burst into flames, streaks of blue light shattering the night. She leapt backwards in terror.
“Is this magic?” she said.
“No, it's a relic from the past. There are only a few left now and Jack was able to find me one of the last ones. Amongst other things.”
The flames began to die down as Alex stared at the spear in amazement.
“It will respond to you and you alone. When it's switched off it will look like any other spear. But when it is activated it will pierce armour and flesh.” Bear stood up and raised his own staff, the same staff he always carried. He ran his thumb over a darker part of the wood and it came to life, a spider's web of silver glowed along its length. He stamped the ground twice and thrust the butt towards the same tree, sending a bolt of bright white lightning at it. Alex staggered back, her vision momentarily etched with the glare of it.
“I could have done with this earlier,” she said, laughing.
“Everything in its own time. The problem is that once you reveal a weapon like that in the north you'll attract a lot of unwanted attention. People will know you as either a great magician or an evil sorceress. They will either worship you or want to see you dead out of fear. People aren't ready for the old ways yet.” He went into the bag again and came out with a large black vest. He knocked on the front and back to show that it was made from something very hard. “Give me the chain mail, put this on instead. It will serve you better than mail and is much lighter. It will stop most bullets and all pointy things.”
“I like my mail,” she said. “It looks too light to be that much use. Are you sure it will stop slugs?”
“Do you want to find out?”
“Not any time soon.”
“Then we'll have to live with trust again, won't we?” She put the vest under her top, feeling the snug fit of the hard plates under the fabric. She tapped it a few times and listened to the dull thud.
They sat back down around the fire, Alex keeping the spear within her reach. It suddenly seemed like the most valuable thing in the world.
“Will they ever be?” she asked. Bear sighed, staring intently into the flames.
“I honestly don't know. I suppose the answer is in Fort Longsteel.”
He reached into the sack again and lifted out a slim cylinder of glass. Inside a green fluid sloshed back and forth. He held it up to the fire and stared into it.
“What's that?” she asked.
“Medicine,” he said and continued to be mesmerised by it. Strange patterns danced across his face as the light from the flames played through the glass. “Give me your arm.”
“Why?”
“Just do it.”
She slipped herself out of one side of her coat and rolled up her sleeve. He placed the tube lengthways along the inside of her forearm and held it there.
“Now what?” she said. He stared at it for a moment, then looked at her square in the eyes. They stayed that way for what felt like a long time, but it was only a moment. A moment in which he seemed to be looking for something inside her, but she couldn't think what it could be.
“Done,” he said. She looked down and saw the tube was empty.
“I didn't feel anything.”
“That's how it should be.”
“What does it do?”
“It will protect you against flu, colds, that sort of thing.”
He threw the empty tube into the fire and she put her coat back on. He watched it melt and shrink in on itself before letting out a very long sigh. As the darkness closed around her, she swore she heard him say non sibi sed aliis.

*

They continued their path south, crossing great planes of barren soil scorched orange by the sun. It was if a plague had swept through the land, killing everything that dared sprout up from the earth. The air stunk of ozone and death and dirt. The clouds of dust swept around them in whirls that danced and worked their way into every fold of their clothes, every crease in their boots until they began to take on the colour of the land. Still they walked until the desert gave way to a sloping hillside.
“We're at the ruins now. From here on in we'll have to be careful,” he said. They reached the crest of the hill and Alex gasped. It was a city the size of which she'd never seen before, a sprawling mass of white and black towers reaching to the sky, stretching from horizon to horizon which ever way she looked. 
“It's...”
“Amazing, isn't it? The buildings were made of the best plastcrete stone and reinforced with many expensive metals. That's why they're still standing where others have long since been swallowed up by the ground. The land still tries to swallow it whole, hence the plants and trees, but they'll never pull those buildings down. Not in a thousand years. Not in a million.”

They climbed down the hillside and began to make their way into the city. Alex stared in amazement as they reached the outskirts and realised how tall each building was, like fleshless fingers reaching up to the sun.
“How did they build so high?” she asked.
“With a lot of machinery. Cranes that were taller than them, lifting stone after stone into place.”
“What's inside?”
“Nothing I would think. They were stripped empty a long time ago by looters. They'd have been offices once, people would work there every day. Normal people doing normal things...” He stared away down the street, lost in thought.
“People with families. Children. Hobbies. Working to pay for it all, longing for Friday to come. Hoping it would be sunny for their holidays. Hoping they would make a good wage this month, enough to pay for a trip abroad, the new settee, a better car...”
“I don't understand,” she said.
“Neither did I. Lives made complicated by work, by constantly fighting to survive when the odds are always against you. Taxes. Laws. Fines. Rules. More rules. Pressure to conform. Watching others climb higher than you, people who didn't deserve to. Watching common sense become not-so-common sense until you rage inside at the stupidity of the people around you...” He was silent again then, his anger subsiding. “So much more... simple now. Fairer, some how.”

The roads were paved on either side with grey slabs of polished rock, more plastcrete, and were themselves black and smooth like glass. Trees and plants had tried to sprout up through gaps but none of them could move or break the stuff. It looked like a world held in time, empty, waiting for the owners to return. A herd of deer passed them by a few streets down, stopping only to stare at them before sprinting on. They were quickly followed by a pack of dogs, seven or so, who darted over the wrecks of metal and chased after them.
“What are they?” she asked, pointing to the rusting boxes with round silver wheels and seats inside.
“They were once cars – like a cart pulled by a horse but instead of being pulled, they had engines to make energy to power them forward.”
“I can't believe all this. It doesn't seem real.”
“Things will become real enough soon. This was a barricade once, but it's been knocked down by something big. Very big. Let's keep moving.”
They negotiated the structure, walking through the huge tear and wondering what could have done it. On the other side they continued onwards and looked for somewhere to make camp. They chose a high-rise building and as the sun began to hide behind the hills they settled down to sleep, not risking a fire or drawing unwanted attention.
“Will we be safe here?” she asked.
“We're a few floors up and I can see all the exits. As long as we're not too loud we should be fine. I'll take the first watch, then I’ll wake you.”
“I'm not sure I can sleep here. It's creepy. Like we're intruding in someone's house or something.”
“We are, I think.”

The place was empty as Bear had warned her. There were scraps of furniture and fabric, but nothing else really. She looked around, looking for any signs of the previous owners. “Stay away from the windows,” he cautioned her. She walked around the entire floor but didn't stray too far from Bear or Moll. Despite his warnings, as night came, she crawled as low as she could to one of the huge windows that looked down onto the street below. She led there for a while, looking at the city as the sun retired for the day. It had a mysterious beauty to it, an elegance to the shapes and angles especially when most of it became hidden in darkness.
Something caught her eye and she looked down, seeing shadows moving about below her. They gathered at the entrance to the building they were in, talking to each other and gesturing inside. Her heartbeat became louder in her chest but she couldn't take her eyes off them. She saw them disappearing into their building and felt the panic rising. She crawled as quickly as she could away from the window and ran back to Bear.
“There are people here!” she said. “They've just come in.”
“Didn't I tell you to stay away from the window?”
“They didn't see me, they just seemed to know we were here.”
Bear moved to the door they had come in through and craned his head to listen. He heard the gentle padding of feet on the stairs and placed a finger over his lips, looking at Alex. Moll's ears were stiff and she stood poised beside her master with fiery eyes glaring at the doorway.
“Let them come in...” he mouthed silently to her. She held her spear tightly in both hands and hovered her thumb over the switch. Bear shook his head and pointed back to the window. She understood.

Within a few minutes the intruders had crept up to the top of the stairs. Alex waited, terrified. She could hear snuffling noises, something sniffing the air and mumbling foreign words. She looked at Bear with frantic eyes, wishing they would just turn and go back down. He just stood there, met her gaze and slowly shook his head again.
“...shragnef, dis da plasdeman, smell girlsch ant mensch.”
“Mensch?”
“Mensch ant listle girsch. Woofcud asell.”
“Woofcud. Woofcud.”
Sniffing again. Then something moved into the room and she almost gasped. It was small, half her height, wide and fat. In its wake came a stench that made her gag and she bit down on her bottom lip trying not to just scream and run away.

“Defer int deer. Mensch any girlsch, woofcud woofcud woofcud.”

Moll backed away slowly. Her ears had lowered now, she didn't like the thing and was trying to move away from her master but he held her by the scruff. The thing was the source of the sniffing and it moved around on its squat legs taking deep breaths through mucus filled nostrils. She couldn't see its face, just a shadow in the dark room. It turned without moving its head but rotated on what she thought was its waist, big flat feet spread out to hold the weight. It was a vile thing, but what came in next was far worse.
It took a step into the room and the floor vibrated. Alex wondered how it had climbed the stairs so silently, being that it was over eight feet tall and it stooped to enter the doorway. It was thin, almost skeletal, and as moonlight momentarily flittered into the room through the window, a splash of silver revealed its pale, putrid flesh pulled tight across its bones.
“Mensch,” it said. It took several slow, heavy paces forward and each time it slammed into the floor Alex felt her insides turn to water. Bear looked at it, then her, then pointed carefully to the sniffer. He stabbed the air with his blade and nodded at her. With all her strength she nodded back, anything less and she would have run there and then.

He took a step to the doorway and at first she thought, with relief, he was going to run. But to her terror he began to follow the giant, raising his blade with Moll backing away from him.
“NOW!” he roared, burying his weapon into the monster's knee. Its leg buckled and liquid sprayed across the floor, a high pitched moan came from the thing and its arm swung round as if to swat him. Bear ducked and hacked at its shoulder. “Alex,” he said. “The sniffer!”
It was moving towards Bear as quickly as it could on stunted legs and as it neared a window she could see why she had to kill it. At the end of its arms were three long claws, twisted like nails left to grow too long. Realising the danger to Bear, she snapped into life, running forward with the spear at her hip, remembering what Jo had shown her. The point made contact and the thing cried out, swiping its claws at her, but the distance between them was too far. It jerked her sideways, trying to break free but she stood her ground and shoved harder, driving the point through and out of its back. It wailed one last time and flopped to the floor, dragging her down to her knees as the spear followed.
Behind her, Bear was still fighting to bring down the giant who was now on one knee and swinging both arms wildly in an attempt to grab him. He ducked around it, his boots slipping in the slick pool of its blood.
Alex wrenched the spear free without getting too close to the sniffer, turned and threw it with all her strength at the giant. It found its mark, slamming into its chest and it roared in pain. The arms stopped flailing and Bear dove in, swinging the blade in a wide arc and bringing it down on the creatures neck. The head jerked, flopped backwards and rolled to the floor.

“You took too long,” he said between deep, laboured breaths. “Didn't you see its claws before I went for the giant?”
“I thought it was a dwarf!”
“That is no dwarf. The giant was easy, those things are what'll kill you. They sneak up on you, silent, then you find out they're there when those things pop out of your chest. You did okay though. You knew what to do with that spear, then?” She nodded.
Alex looked at the creatures. They were like nothing she'd ever seen before. “What are they?”
Bear kicked the head of the giant to one side so she could see its face. “Who they are is probably a better question. Their people have been living in these ruins for years, perhaps even from the disaster itself. They drink from the sewers, eat the rats that live down there...”
“Sewers?”
“Underground tunnels that used to take toilet waste away from the city. The water is poisoned by factories and chemical plants that are still leaking, which is why most people live in the north. Nothing really grows around here, and if it does...” He pointed to the head. “I think that's why they're like this. They were people once, but their children and their children's children started to change. Now they're... something else.” Bear searched the bodies for anything of value, then gathered their things and moved towards the stairs. “We'll see out the rest of the night on the next floor up. Anyone looking will find these bodies and leave it at that, I think.”

*

Wearily they sloped upstairs to the next floor and settled down in the corner. She felt groggy once the adrenaline had worn off and as her eyes grew heavy she turned to Bear and asked,
“Are you scared of dying? I only ask because you say you can't die, but you didn't want that sniffer to get you. What were you worried about?”
“I've lived since the disaster, starved, thirsted, been stabbed and burned, hung on the end of a rope. But I don't believe the medicine made me invincible, Alex. It prolonged my life, but I see grey in my beard now. My joints were supple, as supple as when I was eighteen. But now I feel them moaning sometimes when I’ve walked for too long. I don't think I'll live forever and sometimes I think 'maybe this time it will kill me'. I'll be shot or stabbed or cut and then I’ll look down and see blood and a hole but no healing. Just death, like my time had finally run out. Heck, I’ve lived longer than I should have anyway, but I’m still in no rush to die just yet.”
“But you think you will, one day?”
“Yes. Maybe not for a long time. I don't know. But let's just say you and me watch each other's back from now on, okay?” She nodded. “Good. Sleep now, I’ll take your watch. I don't trust you to stay away from the window again.”
Chapter 14

THE PATH TO LONGSTEEL

In the morning a fine rain was falling. Bear climbed the stairs to the top of the building and went out onto the roof.
“How's that for a view?” he asked her as she stepped out into the daylight. She stood there, frozen, for what felt like a very long time. She could see for miles in all directions, the city sprawling out before her like a stony carpet. The wind howled around her and the rain lashed against her face but she couldn't move. Her mind was struggling to process it all. Meanwhile Bear had found what he was looking for. As the rain fell it collected in a long plastic gutter and he followed it until it ran out onto the floor. He checked up and down for anything that would dirty the water, then began collecting it in one of the empty skins they'd brought.
“We'll have to boil it first, but it's the only water we'll find around here,” he said. She broke away suddenly.
“What about food?”
“We may have to go hungry for a while. We're on half portions as it is, but I think that'll only last a few more days. Then we're on a diet.”

When they reached the ground again they set off down the street and the rain eased a little. The wind only seemed to catch them as they crossed from one street to the next. There was a stale smell in the air that the rain seemed to throw up as it hit the ground.
“What about those things? Will more come after us?” she asked as he passed her half an apple and some cheese.
“Not during the day. They live in the sewers most of the time. Their eyes hurt in the daylight. No, night time is the worst but thankfully the rain will wash away our scent, make it harder for them to track us.”
“Have you come across them before?”
“Several times. Once we saw an entire brood coming down the street near Longsteel. Over a hundred of them. They must have been migrating or something. Sometimes a sewer can collapse and they have to surface to get around the blockage.”
“I'm glad we don't have to go down there,” she said. Bear started to laugh. “What's so funny?”
“When we left Longsteel, at the beginning, it didn't take us long to return. We lived there for a long time, cleaned up the place, buried the dead, there was enough food and water to last a lifetime. But very soon the fighting got worse as the survivors tried to live in the city and more often than not they would see those big steel doors and fancy trying to get in and take over. We fought them time after time but soon agreed that we should just shut the doors entirely so no one could ever get in again. But that meant we needed another, more secret way in and out.”
“I should have seen this coming, really,” she said. “The sewers.” He just grinned.
“They lead into the lower labs. If the Fort has been taken, it doesn't mean they've gained access to them. Out best bet is to take the sewer entrance into the labs and see if anyone has survived. I can use some of the equipment there to hopefully come up with a plan.”

By the end of the following day, Alex began to long for the trees and the fields of the north. The city seemed endless, going on forever, just vague repetitions of the same theme. Stone and tar and plastic. Bear took the time to explain what some of the things had once been used for, but she couldn't see the attraction. It seemed like whoever had lived there so long ago had been lazy and weak, unwilling to work hard and insisted everything came to them on a plate. She said as much to Bear who only nodded in agreement.
“I bet they were fat,” she said. Her disgust at the place was starting to surface as they turned another corner. “Everywhere I look there's some place to eat. Did they hunt anything?”
“There was no need. Things were grown on farms, fenced in, killed and sent for making into food.”
“How dull.”
“People had made such a complicated mess of things that they turned their lives into a form of slavery.”
“What do you mean?” she said.
“In order to eat, you needed money, just like we trade metal for food now. Except back then you could only trade coins made by the Government. A shop wouldn't accept a deer skin or something precious as a trade – they would only accept coins and in order to earn coins you had to work. If you didn't work, you didn't get coins.”
“Sounds like a trick to me,” she said. “A way of controlling people.”
“It was. You had to work and you had to work when you were told to. You couldn't wake up one day and decide to go for a walk if that day you were supposed to be in work. If you didn't show up then you lost your job and you wouldn't be able to get coins.”
“What if you didn't have a job? Maybe you wanted to live in the woods and grow your own, or hunt, or trade. What then?”
“You weren't allowed to. All the land belonged to someone, somewhere, and you couldn't build a house on someone else's land. You had to pay coins to do that. No one would trade in anything except coins. Plus you also had to pay coins to the Government, called taxes, and if you didn't earn coins and you didn't pay your taxes you could be arrested and put into prison.”
“You're right. It sounds very much like slavery to me.”
“It was. One where the slaves where the slavers themselves. Slaves to wearing the right clothes, to doing the right things, seeing the right people, driving the right cars. Conforming. Bickering about trivial things. Falling out with each other over nothing. It was...”
“A mess?” He nodded. “I think I like this world better,” she said.

They came to another bend and she thought they'd taken a wrong turn. The road was blocked, but then she saw what was blocking it. One of the buildings had collapsed, falling over like a child's brick tower and piling up across the street.
“Did it just fall down?” she asked.
“No, we blew it up,” he said. “We rigged it to topple over and block the road. It's the same on all sides of a mile square area of city.”
“So we're here then? At Fort Longsteel?”
As if in answer they suddenly heard a throbbing sound above their heads. He grabbed her arm and hurried her towards a doorway, heading inside as the sound grew louder and louder. It seemed to be dropping from the sky and as she peaked through a window she saw it descend on the other side of the fallen building. It was black against the grey sky, small at first but it grew in size. It was sleek and painted a dark green and from its top something spun so fast it made her eyes feel funny. She could see people inside it, some sitting in an opening in its side and looking out.
“It's called a 'Copter,” said Bear. “It's a machine.”
“Like the cars?”
“Like the cars. It's landing at the Fort. Come on, let's go.”

Bear led her out through the back of the building, turning right down a narrow road, looking for something up above. He was hurrying now and she began to worry. If Bear was worried, it was time to worry indeed, she thought. He went down one road, then back up it and down another.
“What are we looking for?” she asked.
“A sign. It's been over fifty years since I was last here and it was there then. Why can't I find it now?” He led them onwards, down another street, a turn left, then right. Finally he stopped, looked around and sipped from the skin of water.
“What does it look like?” she asked.
“Red. A red piece of metal, flat and in the shape of a triangle. We put it up...”
“There?” she said, pointing up. It'd been placed behind a window four floors up, but the years had dirtied the windows enough that it was virtually hidden.
“Well done, young girl. That means that the manhole should be...” Bear went away from the sign, looking at the floor until he saw a large steel container that was painted a faded blue colour. “Here!” He pushed it forwards, revealing a round disc in the floor.
“Do we really have to go down there?” she asked, fear welling up in her belly.
“I'm afraid so. Come on, let's just get it over with. You can see that the Fort isn't far away, it's a half-mile of pipe to the door.” He found a hook in his bag that fitted into a hole in the centre of the disc and turned it, lifting it out of the hole. She could see ladders descending into darkness and a foul smell jumped up into her face. “Me and Moll will go first. I'll have to carry her.”
He knelt down, putting her front leg over his shoulder and hoisting her up onto his back. Then with one free hand he grasped the top rung of the ladder and lowered himself down. In a moment he was gone, down into the dark. Alex took a few deep breaths, looked around her, then began to follow him down, dragging the cover back over the hole and plunging themselves into the inky black.
*

When her feet found the bottom, Bear placed a hand gently on her shoulder. 
“Don't worry,” he said. “Just wait a moment while I sort out some light.” In an instant she was lit up with a pale blue light that came from his staff, a light that started softly and then grew brighter and brighter. The silvery wires hummed with power as they networked across the wood. “Place your thumb on the switch with a gentle pressure, then slide it up until it's bright enough for you.”
She held the spear, repeating the action and her weapon began to glow as well. The spearhead glistened and she instantly felt better. “Thanks,” she said.
She could now see the tunnel, as tall as she was and three times as wide in diameter. The stench made her feel sick and it was coming from a stagnant river that ran along the centre of the pipe with a walkway on either side. On the surface were thick clods of something putrid and vile.
“They drink this?” she whispered.
“Yes. I don't know why they aren't dead from it,” he replied. “This way.”
He started walking along the pipe and for a moment she looked behind her, looking down the tunnel until it vanished into darkness, wondering if more of those things were following her. The thought was enough to hurry her along behind him.
They came to an intersection and he lifted the staff to shed more light. There were markings on the wall, white painted numbers that seemed to have faded slightly. She saw the number '12' to the right and he pointed down that pipe, then set off again. After ten more minutes they came to another junction but Bear halted suddenly, dimming the staff and she did the same.
“What is it?” she asked.
“More of them,” he said. “Three I think. Let them pass.”
“What?”
“Let them pass. They won't smell us down here but the light will draw them. Turn it off.”
“No, I can't,” she said.
“Do it! We can't fight them down here, not three of them.”
“I can't!” He wrapped his arm around her shoulder, pulled her in tight and grasped her hand firmly.
“Do it, I’m right here.” The tunnel plunged into darkness and she shut her eyes tightly, pulling him in close. She could hear him breathing, hear the deep heavy breaths. But she also heard them, the monsters, sloshing and slopping through the river of sludge, coming closer. “They'll pass by soon... just wait,” he whispered in her ear and it tickled, he was that close. The sound grew louder and louder, the slurping noise of them wading through the filth, the sound of the sniffers snorting air into their horrid nose holes. They were next to them now, a few feet at the most.

Then they stopped.

“Waeter. Smelsch smelsch,” said a watery, phlegmy voice.
“Smelsher?” said another, this one hoarse.
“Smelsch... mensch. Maybuz. Maybuz.”
“Smelsch bor noshsmelsch?
“Smelsch mensch. Mensch, uppa shere. Uppa shere.”
“Argh, smelsch aba yousasmelsch,” Laughing. Bear squeezed her shoulder.
“Argh, smelscha dugbug. Less gosch.”
They set off again and when they were far down the tunnel they must have turned right and gone the other way. The noise faded into silence before Bear got up and her legs cramped.
“What are they speaking?” she asked, rubbing her calves.
“It's the same as ours if you listen closely, its just that there's a lot of 'schuss' with every word,” he said, laughing.
“I think you're a smelly 'mensch' then,” she said. “They always smellsch yousa firstsch.”

After an hour, though it was hard to tell how long they'd been down there, they came to a left turn that had a painted number '76' on the wall. Bear increased the brightness of his light, feeling the bricks with his fingertips. He followed the tunnel for a few feet, fingers tracing the patterns in the stone until he stopped suddenly, pressing now, pushing the bricks inwards.
“Here we are,” he said. Then he laid his hand out flat on a stone that looked like all the others and then stood back.
“Now what?” she asked.
“Just wait”
The brick he'd pressed began to glow blue and the floor vibrated.
“AUTHORISATION RECOGNISED. WELCOME, HARDING, ALAN,” spoke a voice coming from the wall.
“Who was that?” she asked.
On the wall a circle of cobalt light appeared, illuminating the tunnel and suddenly sliding backwards, revealing an entrance. Bear looked at her and smiled,
“Welcome to Fort Longsteel,” he said and stepped into it.
Chapter 15

THE FUTURE OF THE PAST

Alex didn't know what to expect. She followed him through the doorway into a darkened corridor lit by lights in the ceiling and in the floor itself. There was another door at the end and the hole they'd entered through quickly closed behind them.
“Don't touch anything when you enter,” he said. “I don't want these people knowing we're here. They haven't managed to access the lower labs yet.”
“How do you know?”
“The voice would have told me, the one that spoke when we entered.”
“Who is it?”
“It's the voice of Longsteel, the brains behind the place. It is called a computer, but it's better to think of her as a person. It's less confusing that way.”
They reached the door and there was a loud hiss. She flinched as it slid back into the wall and Bear passed through it and into a large chamber. The floor was smooth as marble and black as coal, the walls white and lined with all kinds of strange glass cupboards and windows into other rooms. There were chairs here and there, some tables as white as the walls, lights flashing overhead and the noise – it was beeps and squarks as things seemed to come to life around her. Paralysed at the doorway by both fear and curiosity, unable to enter, she stood there and simply watched.
“That's okay,” he said, taking off his coat and laying his belongings on a table. “Just wait a minute or two. It's perfectly normal.”
“I've never seen anything like this before,” she said. “Where are we?”
“It was called a laboratory. Like a kitchen, but here the workers would cook medicines and pills and all kinds of things. Weapons were made here too, on another floor. We didn't know it was here until long after the disaster and it took months to gain access.” He went over to the wall, began pressing things and making lights flash. “Computer, what is the Fortress' operational situation?” he said to the air.
“FORTRESS IS FULLY OPERATIONAL, ALAN. LOADING BAYS AND MECHANISED UNITS ARE MOBILE. FOOD PROCESSORS AND WATER PURIFIERS ARE RUNNING AT 97.54% PURITY. SOLAR COLLECTORS ARE FULLY CHARGED. POWER FAILURE ON FLOORS SIX, NINE AND TWENTY-THREE. REPAIR TEAMS ARE FULLY OPERATIONAL.”
“Computer, who is logged on as Fortress Commander?”
“FORTRESS COMMANDER ORDENHEIM, JOHN F. LOGGED IN ON MARCH 8TH 0001.”
“Enquiry, Computer. What is 0001?”
“YEAR 0001, ORDENHEIM CALANDER.”
“Computer, has Fortress Commander gained entry to the lower labs?”
“NO, ALAN. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT LABORATORIES, FLOORS THREE, FOUR AND FIVE ARE STILL AUTHORISE ONLY, RED ACCESS ONLY.”
“Computer, name current red access only members?”
“HARDING, ALAN. END OF MEMBERS.”
Bear walked over to a doorway at the far end of the room and turned to her. “Coming?”
She followed, slowly at first. He walked over to a panel in the wall, pressed more things, making a plate filled with small pink cubes appear.
“Eat a couple of these. They're not exactly tasty but they're good for you.” She held one between her thumb and forefinger, squeezing the jelly-like substance. Then she bit into it.
“It tastes like spoiled apple,” she said.
“It's manufactured food. Made from chemicals mixed up and a bit of flavouring. Another machine we only discovered after we needed it...”
He moved around the room, pressing things here, tapping a wall there. The more he did, the more the place seemed to take on a life of its own. The noises multiplied, the colours changed and lights flashed as switches clicked into place. She found a chair and felt the need to sit down before she fell down.
“Does any of this make sense to you?” she said.
“I've spent years down here, learning, playing with things. One year the winter got so bad up top that I was buried down here for months. I used to play with computers when I wasn't working and I had a rough idea how they worked. I had plenty of time to experiment down here and eventually I was able to code all the doors to my own signature so only I can use it. It's about as close to a home as I can get, I think.”
“What about the others? What did they say about this place?”
“After the conflicts in the city they weren't interested in staying. Most of them tried to go home and find their families and I never saw them again. Others hung around for a time, but moved on soon enough.”
“So you stayed?”
“I volunteered.”
“To do what?”
He walked over to a chair and pulled it up near to her. “When we managed to get down to this floor, we found the last dose of the medicine we were all injected with. It was locked in a cabinet over there along with a row of cages. We released all the animals that had survived, but one of them chose to stay behind.” He patted Moll on the head. “They'd all been injected with the same mixture. Anyway, I chose to stay behind and make sure the dose stayed safe.”
“What for?”
“In case one day someone could work out how to make more. So that everyone could have it. People would never die of disease again. They'd live longer, like me and Moll. Of all the things, all the secrets kept down here, that medicine is by far the most important. But it's my view that people aren't ready for it yet, not this, not any of it. You see, it'd taken thousands of years for mankind to reach the point it had done before the disaster. Now, things have been set back so far that to force it on them again would be disastrous. People would suffer and the wrong kinds of people would have too much power. Better to be patient, to keep these secrets safe until perhaps mankind can use them at the right time.” 
“Is that why he's here – Ordenheim?” Bear nodded. “Why though? He's already like you, isn't he?”
“I suspect, and bear in mind I am only speculating here, that he wants to try and recreate the medicine.”
“Why?”
“To build an army that can't be killed, perhaps. Or to use it to make wealth for himself. At this stage I do not know. Deep down I fear his goal is to rebuild, to try and force the world forward to where it was before. I dread to think what that might mean for simple folk like you and me, Greenmark, all those people who aren't ready for it yet.”
“Is it safe here? Is it better to take it away so he can't get it?” He smiled.
“We will take it away, yes. And destroy this place too.”

*

He worked quickly after that. Alex followed him around with a large bag as he picked items from the seemingly endless shelves filled with all kinds of liquids and pills.
“I want you to take this bag to your house and put it somewhere safe. Where you put it is up to you, but I want you to keep it secret until later, much later,” he said, handing her another container.
“What's in them?”
“Cures for most diseases. Not to be used, mind, but to keep so others might use them to make more. I have other cache's around the country but this will be the most important. Once this place is destroyed there'll be no going back. People will be on their own to make it in the world.”
Once the bag was full she set it by the door they'd entered through. Bear passed her more pink cubes and filled the skins with water that seemed to come out of the wall. It tasted far better than anything she'd tasted before.
“Are you ready?” she asked.
“In a minute. Take Moll into the hallway.” The door slid open and in they went, the hole at the other end was still closed. They waited for Bear to join them, but suddenly the door closed with a loud clang and locks slid into place.
“Bear?” she called. “What's happening?”
Part of the door appeared to melt away, leaving a transparent window which she could see Bear stood at. He was smiling, but his eyes were watery. A box on the wall crackled and she could hear him speak.
“It's time for you to go, Alex,” he said. “Time for you to go home.”
“What do you mean? Why are you in there?”
“I have to stay. I have to destroy this place and stop Ordenheim before he becomes too powerful.” Her heart was breaking and Moll jumped up at the window, wining.
“With all this magic, you can't make it blow up without being in there?”
“It's not that, smart girl, I have to find out what happened to Tom's sister. I have to find out why he's doing this... I have to...” She placed her hand on the glass, tears running down her cheeks.
“Bear...”
“Don't write me off yet, I’ve survived worse,” he said, laughing. “I've given you the medicine, the one Ordenheim is looking for. You must take it home.”
“Please don't...”
“I have to, Alex. It's my fault.”
“No it's not. It's not, Bear. Please, I need you. I don't know the way home without you.”
“Yes you do. You are an amazing learner, Alex. In a year you've managed to cope with so much. But now it's time to use it. I have given you the most important job, get those medicines home and protect them. Will you do this for me?”
She nodded, words were failing her now. The hole behind her began to open, her face lit with cobalt light.
“Non sibi sed aliis,” he said as the window faded.
“Non sibi sed aliis,” she replied. 
The lights faded, leaving only the halo of blue light showing her the way to go. 

The way home.

*

Alex followed the tunnel for a long time, retracing her route back to the ladder that would take her to the surface. The tears wouldn't seem to stop, even as she sobbed in the darkness.
“It's just you and me now, Moll,” she muttered to the dog as it padded along beside her. She climbed up and shoved the cover out of the way, seeing that it was now night time. The moon was out and it helped her to make the two journeys – one to carry Moll to the surface, the other to collect her things. When she was done she replaced the cover, slid the blue container back over the top and sat down on a low wall regaining her breath.
Then she wept again. Moll nuzzled close to her, but it didn't help. She only reminded her of him and the question of why he had to stay brought a fresh wave of sorrow. It suddenly felt like her house was a world away, far beyond her reach. And she had to get there. Alone.

When morning came she realised she'd fallen asleep next to the blue container. Stiff and sore she managed to get to her feet as the sun poked out between the two buildings in front of her. The sky was clear but there was a chill in the air and the first signs of autumn were starting to show.
“We've a long way to go, Molly,” she said, kneeling down and cupping her head in both hands, kissing the furry nose. “It's a long way... home.”
They set off down the main road, back the way he'd led her. She kept close to the empty shop windows just in case another of those 'copters came back. Far off in the distance she could hear the steady thumping of machinery and a faint cry of someone giving orders. With the silence of the city surrounding her, these sounds seemed to carry. Her boot falls on the pavement echoed and she even found herself tiptoeing at times until she felt she was far enough away from the Fort to resume her normal pace.
By mid-afternoon as the sun reached its peak, she sat down on a metal bench and ate some more of the cubes. She offered one to Moll who sniffed it, then backed away from it, shaking her tail and looking away.
“Guess you don't like 'em either,” she said. Then she filled her tin cup with water and set it on the floor. Moll lapped at it for a while and Alex began to feel a little brighter. He had his reasons, she thought to herself. I might see him again one day. It doesn't mean he's dead.
She shook the thought away. No point dwelling. He was gone for the foreseeable future and she had a job to do. She had the staff, she had Moll and once she had cleared the city it would be back to the wild, back to the forests and the familiar smells all the way to the house.
They set off again and walked until sunset, taking refuge on the roof of what was fast becoming yet another white plastcrete tower that looked just like all the others. This one wasn't as tall as some of the others but she began to wonder if they'd been poured into the same cast as all the others and just thrown up to make things easier. They were cold, lifeless things that lacked any sense of uniqueness. The only benefit this one had was that on the roof was a sheltered patio with furniture that hadn't been looted. It was heavy cast iron stuff so perhaps moving it hadn't been worth the effort. She laid her bedroll across one of the long couches and settled down for the evening after blocking the door with one of the heavier chairs. It was only then did she think to look in the bag he had given her. She unbuckled the flap and looked inside at the bottles and vials of various fluids. Then she saw something glittering at the bottom and, picking it out of the bag, began to laugh.
“Thanks, Bear,” she said, holding the brass model tower up to glisten in the twilight. On its base was the word 'London' which she thought must have been the name of the tower itself. It was the relic she needed to return to Spearheart with, although now everything had changed. He would still be hunting her. He would still be sending his spies to find her. Does any of it matter any more? She asked herself. She stared at the model for a long time before Moll jumped up and sat across her lap, snuggling together to share the body heat. She slowly drifted into an unbroken sleep listening to the gentle sounds of the large dog breathing in her ear.

Several days later the dead city came to an end. The buildings seemed to get smaller and further apart until finally she could see the green hills and the dense woodland of her familiar world. Her pace began to quicken then and in a day she was in the forest again and the city was left behind in her wake.
“Home again, Molly,” she said as they took a deep breath of the earthy air. Alex picked up a handful of leaves and buried her nose in the scents. Moll just looked at her, tongue lolling from side to side. “Time to find some real food and no more of this pink stuff.”
That night she laid the snares and set the traps hoping for a feast. She wasn't disappointed. When morning came she found four rabbits dead and she quickly skinned, cleaned and cooked them, sharing it with Moll. It was the best thing she'd eaten for weeks and she savoured every hot, greasy mouthful.
“Give me the woods any day, Molly,” she said. “Give me trees and woods and grass and animals. Give me anything but that dead city of bland stone. You agree, don't you?” Moll turned her head, listening to the foreign words. “Of course you do. We hate that city. Let them keep it, the giants and the sniffers, Ordenheim and the...”
Then she heard it again. The thumping, the steady rhythmic chopping of the air. They both looked up and saw the black speck moving from the city, heading towards her. Then another. Then several. The sky was filling up with them and she felt the ground shaking beneath her. Moll wined and began to back away, her tail tucked under her and her ears flat to her skull.
“What the...?” Alex looked at the city which she could still see between the trees. Then, suddenly, there was a bright flash of light and the ground shook terribly. The trees hummed and branches began to fall and at first she thought it was an earthquake. Then she looked to where Longsteel had been and gasped.
“Oh my...” The city rumbled and shook and some of the surrounding buildings fell. A dust cloud was thrown up into the sky over where the Fort had been. “He's destroyed it...” she whispered to herself. She waited, watching as a southern wind blew the dust away.

After a few hours they were deep into the forest and the 'copters had not returned. They looked to be heading north, she thought, but where? Perhaps Ordenheim had escaped on one of those birds, or Bear, or both. Would he be able to carry on with what ever plan he had had in mind without Fort Longsteel?
She thought about it as she marched along, doing her best to retrace her steps. Her map was still in the satchel and she referred to it often, sometimes adding to it here and there with a pencil she had taken from a pot in Longsteel. By the afternoon they sat down to eat on a fallen tree and she was pretty confident that she was on the right track. 

That was, until, they came across the soldiers.
Chapter 16

THE ROAD HOME

They were coming down the road at a fast march. Alex was able to count over thirty men and women, all dressed in the same uniform of black pants, shirts and hats that had a strange nib on the front. They wore canvas harnesses also of black, loaded with all sorts of strange looking equipment she had never seen before. The one thing she was able to recognise was their weapons – rifles - those fearsome arms that fired metal slugs from a long distance.
She was hidden in cover as they passed, buried in a tree line that came within a few hundred yards of the road. She could see them clearly enough from where she lay, all cast in the same mould, all marching ahead at the orders of a mounted officer who wore a large hat with a gold brooch pinned in its centre. She allowed them to pass, staying hidden until the last of them disappeared around a bend.
“I don't like this,” she muttered to Moll. 
She hadn't planned on travelling to the Old Trading Post but as the soldiers seemed to have come from that direction she broke away from her route and made towards it, keeping off the road in case more were following. It took her a few days, her pace slowed by having to cross through the wilds rather than take the most travelled roads. Eventually she saw the river making its slow journey east, but as she turned to follow it she saw a great plume of thick black smoke far off towards the town. It rose quickly into the sky like it was escaping some unseen horror and as she made her way closer she realised that flames were now licking the smoke, reaching up to it as if to try and pull it back down.

When she arrived at the main street most of the town was gone. The fires had been burning for days. River boats had been torched, wood and stone buildings had been razed to the ground, crops of Cornish leaf grown on the outskirts burned freely and animals were roaming wild. Cows and chickens spread out in all directions to escape the last of the flames.
“Hello!” she called. “Is anyone alive?”
She received no answer. She was able to circle around the little river town, coming in from the other side. It was then that she saw it – a pit freshly dug, the spades still standing in the hard soil where they'd been left. It was as wide as the river but only about six feet deep. A greater fire was burning here than in the town and as she neared the edge she looked around, expecting someone to appear. But quickly she learned why they hadn't. Why they never would. Inside the pit, amongst the flames, were the bodies of the entire town. Men, women, little children. All burning in a great open fire. Most were piled in the centre where the fire raged. Others had clearly been thrown in later, their bodies slumped around the edges of the pit where they had tried to claw their way out. Their legs were twisted into strange angles and she concluded that they had been broken before being thrown in to stop them escaping the pyre. The stench was beyond comprehension. Alex was numb again. Emotion had gone. She just stared at the mass cremation, pulled her scarf around her mouth and just watched.

She lost track of time. Standing there. A witness. The sun began to set. It didn't matter. The bodies were still burning. The disconcerting smell of roast pork and burned hair. It was sickly-sweet. 
“Halt!” said a voice from behind her. She didn't react like she should have. The numbness was still in her, her body still on a lunch break. “Turn around.”
Slowly. Almost without interest, Alex turned. It was a uniform. The same as those she had seen a few days earlier. He was pointing his rifle at her and he had a nervous face. Pale and shaky. “Who are you?”
“No one,” she said. Moll began to growl.
“Bollocks. You're someone. Did you live here? Tell me now.”
“No.”
“No what? No you didn't live here? No you won't tell me because if you don't you're next in the pit.”
“Just no.”
“You're a smug bitch, aren't you? You're coming with me – now.” He stepped towards her and his hand came out to take her arm. She hardly felt the spear penetrate his chest cavity. The motion had been smooth. Rehearsed. The man's eyes were straining to open any wider, his mouth gasping and dribbling dark bloody spit from over the top of his lip.
“Did you do this?” she asked. Her voice was flat. Emotionless.
“We... I... please...”
“Did you?” She twisted the spear and he wailed with his final breath. The sound bubbled out of his pierced lung.
“Yes... yes... please...”
Alex drew the spear back out and he collapsed in a heap at her boots. Then she raised it again, drove it down hard into the centre of his face. There was a loud crunch as his skull shattered and after a moment or two he stopped twitching. She looked down on him. Numb. 
He was carrying ration packs and water in his harness and she took both. Turning him over she found he had a large hunting knife attached to his belt and a medical bag, both of which she took. The medical bag she tore open and took what she thought would be useful – wipes she had seen being traded at Greenmark before, plasters, skin glue, a needle and thread plus some antibiotics in a small tube no bigger than her little finger. Sally had bought some once off a passing trader for a dozen knives – a hefty price. They went in her own bag, the knife on her own belt. He didn't have much else except the rifle and spare slugs.
She picked it up and looked at it. It was light and slim and she tried it in both hands, swapping it around to get a feel for it. Then she pointed it into the distance and yanked the trigger. It hardly moved with recoil but the report was deafening and out of shock she dropped it and it clattered to the floor. She'd never heard one fired so close before and as her ears rung she looked around to see if anyone had heard it. Looking back towards the town she saw them coming out of one of the buildings that wasn't on fire – three more soldiers, rifles raised and running towards her.

She turned and ran as the first shots flew past her. Moll sped forward, heading for the safety of the trees ahead of her and she risked a glance behind as another round passed close on her left. She felt it break the air with a snap. Her heart was pounding now, thumping in her chest as she pistoned her legs forward, charging for cover. Then she went toppling forward as something heavy punched into her back, knocking her off balance. Her lungs cramped as the air was forced out of them and she tried desperately to suck it back in as she got to her feet. 
“Stop!” they yelled, closer now. She was running again, tears streaming down her cheeks as the pain intensified with every breath. More shots. Then the trees. She darted into them, turning sharply, not running straight but rabbiting over thick roots and deep foliage. The firing ceased. She heard them shouting to each other, but it was far away now and she risked stopping beside a fern and falling to her knees in the cold, wet mud. She vomited twice, moaned in agony and vomited again, all the time trying to force air into her lungs.

Eventually she heard them coming. They had split up to try and find her and one was not far from her. The light was all but gone now and the forest was a pitch-black labyrinth. Moll was nowhere to be seen but she wasn't worried for her. Instead, she waited as the soldier came closer, crouching down and slipping her bags from her shoulders. She suddenly hoped none of the medicines had shattered with the fall.
“Over here! No sign of her,” the soldier shouted. He wasn't far now, ten feet or so. She saw his shadowy shape lumbering through the trees, loud enough to wake them. When he reached her, still blind to the forest, he stopped. The last thing he saw was starlight catching the point of her spear as it pierced his throat and exited through the back of his skull.

“Alpha two, where the hell are you?” Alex watched him moving forward, away from her, following two red pin pricks of light ahead of him. His rifle was at his side as he pushed branches out of his way, almost stepping on the crouched form of Moll who stood with barred teeth and blood dripping down her chin. His other team mate led under her huge paws with most of his throat missing. Stunned and confused he stepped back, pushing the point of the spear held at waist height into the base of his spine and splitting his own spinal column. He tumbled to the floor and Moll sprinted for his throat but Alex commanded her back.
“Who are you?” she asked, placing the point of her spear under his chin.
“My back!” he wailed.
“Again, who are you?”
“I'm just a soldier, I’m nobody.” She pressed the point into the soft flesh until blood was drawn. He screamed and begged her to stop. “Please, please, don't! I can't move...”
“Then answer the question.”
“We were part of a Unit, a team, our job was to bring order to this shit heap... But they fought back... They wouldn't do what we told them...”
“What did you tell them to do?”
The soldier closed his mouth and writhed around on the floor. “I can't...”
“Tell me or we're finished here.”
“We told them to stop the illegal trading. Even after we killed the main dealer they refused...”
“You killed Jack?”
“He was into everything... drugs... prostitution... he was scum.”
“How?”
“What?”
“How did you kill him?”
He didn't answer until she twisted the spear. Then he squealed. “We burned him alive... okay, happy?”
“What about the others?”
“Who?”
“The people who lived here. The women, the children. You burned them too, yes?”
“They wouldn't obey. They have to obey... Don't you see – we need to restore order... Talos commands...”
“Who is Talos?”
“Our Commander... He'll come after you once he hears... He'll do worse to you than this town got... Ordenheim...”
“Ordenheim?”
“Yes, Talos works for... Ordenheim... Let me live and I will speak to Talos, tell him it was a mistake... please...”
“I have heard this name... what does he want?”
“He wants the world back to the way it was, the way things used to be. I've seen it, I’ve seen pictures and I want what they had. We can do it, we can rebuild... but first...”
“First you need to clean out the filth, the scum. Yes?”
“Yes, there must be order... There must be government, rulers, there must be...”
The spear drove so far in that she buried it in the ground past the point. The soldier gargled something, went stiff and then died.

*

I'm losing it...
No you're not. You had to kill them... Kill them all...
No I don't... He was right, there must be order... Jack deserved...
Kill them. Who are they to judge?
Who am I?
They killed Bear...
I don't know that.
I do.
That's six dead now. Carl... Kevin... Bob...Privates Richards, Jacobs, Coates and Sergeant McPhilips. Dead.
You did what you had to.
I had to...
Yes...
…

She woke in a cold sweat. Her back ached where the bullet had slammed into the vest Bear had given her. The fire had spluttered out during the night. Moll was led next to her and lifted her head up, too lazy to rise. Around her was the equipment she had taken from the soldiers, as much as she could carry, clipped and tied together into a big ball she could lift onto her shoulders. Three harnesses, three rifles plus extra magazines, their boots...
Alex had lost track of how long she'd been walking steadily north. She'd slowed to less than ten miles a day and she could feel winter coming, autumn now into its final days. The land had changed, now the hills and valleys were all around her, the rocks, the thin grass and the bare trees, she couldn't be that far from her house, she often thought. 

It was only a few days after a week of heavy rain that she found herself looking down on her home in the valley.
“We made it, Molly,” she said, patting the dog's head. “We're home.”

Once the fires were roaring in all the rooms and a kettle of water was on the stove, she looked at the bag of medicines and opened it up. She expected to find a bag of broken glass, but instead she took each tiny vial and bottle out and lined them up on the table. Each one was undamaged and she picked a few up at random, wondering which one was the same medicine Bear had been given, the one that gave long life. They all looked very similar. She found a crate in one of the rooms and filled it with straw from the cellar and placed the medicines inside. Then she went and hid it amongst the crates left by the boy from Morgan's Town. True to his word, Rob had arranged for all the supplies Bear had asked of him to be delivered and she found them all in the cold, dark room under the house. There were huge jars of pickled onions, wheels of cheese, large sacks of flower and potatoes, racks of dried meats, rice, beans, everything she needed to last the winter. The crate of medicines disappeared between boxes of dried fruits and nuts.

Before the snow came, Alex went out into the woods and gathered as much as she could manage, hewing down large Rowan trees and stacking logs up in a wood store she built herself. Moll would often follow her around, nosing the ground here and there or chasing a rabbit into the thick forests. Some days she took one of the rifles with her, firing it at the trees and trying to understand how it worked. Once the magazine was empty, she spent several days trying to figure out how to change it for one of the spare ones in the harness. When she realised it was simply done by pressing a button on the side she threw the empty magazine across the room in a rage, smashing an empty jar into pieces.

After a few days she took to building a forge. She didn't know why, just that she missed the work she once did with Tom and she thought that perhaps it would be a source of income in the summer. Her stores would only take her into the new year and then she would have no means to trade anything for more. She began to get excited as she looked at the plot of land she had marked out for it with a rectangle of small stones. Coal would have to be carted in, she thought, paying for it with some of the equipment she'd taken from the soldiers. But she would need bellows made of wood and canvas, she could build those herself but she needed the canvas from Morgan's Town. The stone could be quarried from the sides of the valley, there was plenty of it there and she remembered that Tom's forge had been rough cut by himself with a hammer and a chisel. It only had to hold the coals in place and have a hole for the air to be pumped in. She could make the steel parts herself in Morgan's Town. She only hoped that one of the rifles would be enough to pay for it all.

*

She decided to make the trip to Morgan's Town the following week, but a day before she planned to leave, she woke up to find a foot of snow had fallen.
“There goes that plan, Molly,” she said to the dog. Moll was sat in front of the fire and had little inclination to move, her own had gone as soon as she climbed out of her warm bed. She dressed and went downstairs, throwing a blanket over her shoulders as she went to light the stove and the living room hearth. She thought loneliness would have found her by now, but she enjoyed her routines – breakfast in the kitchen, going out to gather wood or to work on the forge's plot, filling water barrels, fishing, then back inside by mid after noon and reading by the fire with a cup of tea until evening. Then she would have a bottle of the ale with some supper, dried pork, cheese, some biscuits, more of her book. Her reading was getting better and the books that Carl had kept in the loft would keep her busy for a long time. Some nights she only managed to get through a few pages, but the hours spent working at them were enjoyable and she found that her own company and that of Moll was more than enough to satisfy her.

Now that the snow had come she wouldn't attempt the journey to Morgan's Town. Instead she worked inside the house, cleaning out the spare rooms she never used and and moving what little furniture there was around. She moved all the books into the living room an armful at a time. Then she arranged the chairs so that she could read by the fire but decided that she needed a table beside her. That meant a trip outside to find a suitable piece of wood which she set to and hacked into shape with the axe and the knife she had taken from the soldier. More wood was brought in and piled beside the hearth. She cleared the kitchen so she could bring some of the food up from the cellar and put it away. She hung the onions from the racks, arranged crates beside the sink and made a bin to put waste in ready for composting in spring. 

By the time she'd finished she realised her home was becoming a blend of everything she'd seen, Tom's forge, Sally's kitchen, Bear's living room to read in. She found herself saddened by it, a home made up of all the homes she had lived in and none of those people around to see it. Not that she longed for company, more that she longed for them to see what they'd done for her so they could know how grateful she was. But Tom and Sally and Marj were so far away. Bear was gone. And the nagging thought in her head was what the soldier had said to her – that Ordenheim was going to rebuild. What did that mean to people like Tom, like those in Greenmark? Would they burn like the Old Trading Post had? Here she was, feathering her nest while all around her the world was changing. 

She looked at the snow outside the window. Winter would keep her here, she thought, but in spring she'd have to leave and go north, back to Greenmark. She had to warn them, help in some way. It's what Bear would have wanted me to do. She went into the loft, found a harness and rifle and went back into the kitchen and began to learn how it worked.
Chapter 17

OLD FRIENDS

It was early one morning when she woke up to find the sun shimmering through the first drops of thaw on her window. Spring had come and it had taken its time, the winter holding the entire valley in a white gloved hand until Alex began to think it might never leave. Her stores were low even though she had eaten frugally and still that gnawing thought often rose that while she sat here in her valley the fires might still be burning. Her dreams sometimes drew her back to those who had tried to climb out of the fire with their legs broken...

After breakfast, Alex began to gather her walking gear. The spear was still her weapon of choice but she couldn't argue with the usefulness of having something that could kill from so far away. During the breaks in the snow flurries she'd gone out and set up targets to practice her aim, so she felt confident that she might actually hit something with it. She decided to see if she could have something made in Morgan's Town, a leather case of some kind to make the rifle less obvious. To carry something like that openly would attract all the wrong kinds of attention. Also, she wasn't sure what might happen if one of Ordenheim's men saw her with it.
So she left the weapon behind, putting on her walking clothes, vest and wolf-skin coat – with a patch roughly sown over the hole the bullet had made; her walking pants and boots and slung her battered satchel and bed roll over her shoulder. She wrapped her scarf around her mouth and neck, lifted her hood and took her spear in her gloved hands. She felt a joy inside, glad to be out travelling again after such a long rest.
“Come on, Moll. Time to walk,” she called to the dog who came running from the kitchen. 

The house had been locked up, the cellar too. She didn't expect to be too long in the town, but her experience warned her that things didn't go quite as well as she planned. She still made sure that the house wouldn't be struck by damp when the spring came, putting clothes and books away somewhere dry.
They crested the valley side and set off at a good pace in the direction of Morgan's Town. After a few miles they found the road and walked along it, but only for the stretches where she could see far enough ahead. Whenever the road turned or restricted her view ahead, Alex would break away and take herself off into the woods, making sure she could always see what was coming up. After her encounter with the soldiers she was careful to not make the same mistakes again.
The snow was beginning to melt as she waded through it. The trees groaned under the weight and the grass was all but invisible except for patches where the rabbits and the deer had dug down. She did her best to cover her own spoor, often wading through the streams and rivers for half a mile to come out somewhere else. She noticed them swelling now that the thaw was coming. It wouldn't be long before the early rains came and flooded this part of the country.

She made camp in some dense woodland far off from the road and cleared a patch of snow to start a fire. She snapped as many thin branches from the trees as she could, shaking the snow off and piling them up neatly around her small handful of dry tinder. Once lit, she added more sticks until the flames devoured them, then she cut away some bigger ones until the fire was hot enough to melt the snow in her tin cup. Unable to really sleep for the cold, she sat on her bedroll and drank hot mint tea until the morning came, nibbling at some cheese and reading a little from the small book she'd brought with her.

In the morning she watched the rabbits bouncing around the snow, small brown bundles hopping here and there in search of something green. Moll didn't bother to get up and chase them – the fire was still too warm to walk away from just yet.
“You're safe today, little bunny,” she said. “No snares or teeth for you this morning.”

By the late evening she could see the lights of Morgan's Town on the horizon, but it was still the best part of the next day away. She camped again, this time sleeping deeply and only waking to add a little wood to the small fire. She dreamed that night of a warm meal beside a hearth and a mug of ale in her hands.

*

“I'm sorry, under new orders you will have to state your name and your business here in Morgan's Town,” said the soldier at the entrance to the main street into town. A crude fence of wooden stakes had been erected on either side of the road with more soldiers stationed along it. All wore the uniform of Ordenheim's men. All carried the same rifles and wore the same harnesses and caps.
“My name is Joan Frost and I'm visiting my friend Daphne who lives in town,” said Alex. “I don't understand what business that is of yours?”
“This town is now under the jurisdiction of Commander Talos. Certain laws are now in place.”
“Who?”
“If you wish to know more, please go to the town hall and speak to the Lieutenant there. He has assumed governance here now and will answer all your questions.”
The soldier stepped to one side and allowed her to pass, only to be stopped by a guard on the other side of the fence.
“You must surrender your weapons here while you are in the town. You may have them again once you leave.”
She passed the man her spear and knife – thankful now that all the equipment she'd taken off the soldiers was still in her house, even the knife. This one was her hunting knife she had made in Greenmark. He passed her a small piece of metal with a number stamped into it. “Show me this token on your departure and you will have your weapons returned to you.”
Alex nodded and moved away quickly down the road. Her heart was thumping in her chest and it seemed that everywhere she turned a soldier in black was coming out of a tavern or staring at her from a doorway. She tried to remember where Daphne had taken her, Rob's house, and after taking several wrong turns she found it again – knocking hard on the door. It was Rob who answered and he half-smiled when he realised who she was.
“Alex, what are you doing here? Come in – quickly,” he said, stepping to one side. As she entered she saw him look around the street before shutting the door. “This way, Daphne is in the living room. She'll be pleased to see you.”
Daphne was sat beside the fire, warming herself under a blanket. Her face was brighter and fuller since the last time she'd seen her. She grinned when Alex stepped inside and ran over, throwing her arms around her.
“Alex! I'm so glad to see you again. Why didn't you come back? Who was that man Rob told me about?” she said, “Here, sit down now. Rob, can you get her a drink – she's freezing!”
Alex sat down in a chair near the fire, glad of the warmth though she wondered if the cold inside her had more to do with the appearance of the soldiers than nature.
“Daphne, what are all these soldiers? Where did they come from?” she asked. Rob returned with a mug of tea and offered her a crusty bread roll dripping with butter. She took both.
“They came just before winter. They marched down the road, at least a hundred of them at first. They had a list, names, people to arrest and it took them less than an hour to do it. They gathered them all outside the town hall and...” She stifled a sob.
“It's okay, go on.”
“Well, one of them, a big man in a funny looking hat stands up on a stage and starts shouting about how we're now under the control of someone called 'Commander Talos' who works for another man called Ordenheim. This man is rebuilding the world just like the old days and tells us we're all to obey laws he's putting on us. We will have to pay taxes to them, taxes of all we earn and make. If we don't then we're criminals, just like the people he's rounded up and... burned in the square.”
“And they've been here since before winter?”
“Most of them. Some of them left and went south. They call themselves 'Police' and say we're to do what they tell us to do. Once the burnings had been done then no one wanted to argue. All the boats and the traders have to ask permission from this Lieutenant at the town hall before they can do anything. It's all a mess, Alex.”
“I've seen them before. They were at the Old Trading Post too. Same story,” said Alex.
“Where's that?”
“South of the house - they disobeyed.”
“What happened to them?” Alex shook her head and Daphne gasped. “Oh no.”
Rob came in and sat down. “Who was the man who came to the house, Alex?” he said.
“His name is... was Bear. He knows who Ordenheim is. He's someone from...” She paused, thinking what to tell them. The full truth wouldn't make sense. “The south, from the cursed city.”
“How? I thought no one lived there?” said Rob.
“He can. He found a place where they keep weapons and vehicles from the past, like a big cellar full of stuff from the early days. That's how these soldiers are being armed and dressed – it's all equipment from there.”
“After all this time? It still works?”
“Yes. I've seen it with my own eyes. Flying machines too. It's crazy I know, but it's true.”
“And these soldiers – they're working for him?” said Daphne. Alex nodded. “Well then, there's not much we can do, is there?”
“Not really,” added Rob who got up and looked out of the window. Alex finished eating and asked,
“Did the stuff from... the house... did it get you much trade?”
“Oh yes,” said Rob suddenly happier to have changed the subject. “Daphne didn't like the idea of using that monster's stuff to profit ourselves but I think it's the best we could do. It will never make up for those years,” He placed a hand on her shoulder and she kissed it. “But I’ve quit working at the docks now and I’ve enough metal to keep us in food and coal for a long time. Though I have heard some people saying that this Ordenheim wants us to stop trading and start using coins, metal stamped with his face on. Sounds like an I.O.U to me, but I should be able to trade my metal for them.”
“You seem okay with it?” said Alex.
“What can small people do? They have rifles, we have blades. It doesn't take a genius to work out what happens next.”

They talked about lighter things after that, how the house was and how could she live there after what had happened. They talked about Tanya and Mo. About how she and Bear had buried them in a nice place. How Carl's body had been burned and left to fertilise the soil.
“Good,” said Daphne. “I hope he's still burning. But I don't know how you could live there...”
“I understand,” she said. “But at least now he can't hurt anyone any more and his house is being put to good use. I was hoping to trade for some materials while I was here, but the stuff I am trading might not sit well with the soldiers here.”
“Don't risk it, Alex. You don't want to end up like those outside the town hall. If you need anything, we will arrange for it to be sent to you.”
“I don't know if I can risk your cart being followed. I'm hidden out in that valley and I don't want to go home and find soldiers waiting for me. Thank you, anyway. I'll sort something out, I’m sure. In the mean while there is something you can do for me.”
“What is it?”
“I'm looking for a Dalesman by the name of Fin. He was a friend of Bear's and I need his help. If he should come here, please keep an eye out for him. He should be easy to spot. He'll look out of place, a man of the woods.”
“We'll do this for you, Alex. What should we do if we find him?”
“Tell him I am going to Greenmark and he should meet me there. I think he knows who I am, but if you mention Bear's name he should listen to you.”
“Okay, but please stay the night before going. I would love your company. I miss the girls, despite the situation I met them in.”

*

Alex left after a pleasant evening in their company. She slept well in their spare room and after a hearty breakfast and a resupply of food she left the town, reclaiming her weapons and taking the east road for a while. The countryside returned to the old familiar woods and hills of her birthplace, lazy rivers snaking off into a blue horizon, oak and beech and pine all growing up amongst the thick tussocks and over grown woodland. The air was crisp with winter's passing and the life had slowly begun to return after a long season of rest.
She followed the road as before, always avoiding unseen paths and parts where an ambush would be expected. A few days into the journey she broke away from the road, taking to the hills that loitered at the feet of the Penninen. They were steep climbs and there were almost no tracks to mark the passing of any human. When she reached the mid-north she climbed the spine, ranging as far as she could and altering her map as she went. Together, Moll and Alex managed to map most of the ranges before realising how far north they had travelled. Greenmark was now south of them, having passed it weeks ago without realising.
One night, camped between two peaks as they retraced their steps south, Alex sat looking at her map and sketching out a smaller one in a book of bound blank paper. It had cost her a watch taken from one of the dead soldiers that she had planned to trade back in Morgan's Town. She'd hidden it deep in her satchel and had been glad to do so when she saw the soldiers there. But when she stayed a night in Haster's Fell she'd seen the book on a shelf and asked to trade. Nothing else but the watch would suffice and she felt it was a fair price. Nobody made paper now, as far as she knew, not white and thin like this stuff. She wrapped it in leather to protect it and only took it out at night when she wanted to add something, or to make an entry into a diary she was keeping on pages where there was unused white space. So far she had recorded her journey since the 'Last Mocha', Bear, Tom, Daphne, all of it, and she wanted a more descriptive map of the ground she'd covered, maps that included the lakes and rivers and the small villages she'd seen along the way. She hadn't ventured into any of them, preferring her own company and if she was honest with herself, fearing their opinions. She felt like a mess, her hair untidy and scraped back into a greasy pony tail, her clothes sweaty and her boots muddy. She'd done her best to wash a few days ago but the water was too cold to bathe in and she had settled for a quick rinse of her hands and face. Deep down she was happy this way, but she still felt the residue of her old life, the constant need for approval, even if it was from a man she despised.

*

As she dozed beside the fire with a cup of tea in her hands, Moll stood up, ears pointing like arrow heads, looking into the trees.
“What is it, girl?” she asked. Moll barked and Alex gripped the spear in her hand, rising to her feet. A shadow was creeping closer and she powered the weapon into life, shattering the night's veil with blue light. “Who is it?” she said.
“A friend. I could never sneak up on that beast even while her master slept,” the shadow spoke.
“Come into the light, friend and let us see your face.”
The shadow came close at walking pace now that his position had been revealed. He was tall, cloaked in dark green wool and wearing muddy boots that went up to his knees. He drew back his hood and in the glow from the fire she could see a man with soft features, his mother's baby blue eyes and dark eyebrows that almost met in the middle of his forehead. He couldn't have been much past thirty years and yet he leaned on his Rowan wood staff as if he could not stand without it.
“I was told you were looking for me. You said you would meet me in Greenmark, yet here you are, lost in the spine,” he said in the broken accent of a southerner.
“I'm not lost,” she said. “I hadn't realised how far north the spine went. We're heading south now. And you are?”
“You know me as Fin, Christopher Finley to be precise. You must be Alex?”
“Yes.”
“You lost me back there. I followed your trail as you went north out of Haster's. It would seem the old man taught you plenty about losing yourself out here. Three times I had to range the river to see where you had come out. Very well done, by the way.”
“How did you find me then?”
“You don't hide your camp well enough. Covering the ashes with dead leaves won't do it. Dig down, bury it as deep as you can and then hide the spot with debris. And stop choosing the most obvious spots to bed down. Imagine you were chasing yourself – how would you evade yourself?”
“Thank you,” she said, sitting back down and offering Fin a place opposite her. He nodded, sat down and took a tin cup from his bag and began to warm some water in the fire.
“The old man was right – you are born to learning. Most would have been offended by my instruction.”
“Fools are hurt by wise rebuke.”
“You read Kithon?”
“A little.”
“There was a wise man, yes indeed. 'A man in green is rarely seen...'”
“'A man in red is already dead'.” He laughed.
“You understand this pithy saying?”
“I suppose,” she said.
“Where is the old man, anyway?” She looked away from those eyes, looked at the fire, looked at anything other than feel the weight of that question. “Your face tells me that his time has finally come to an end.”
“I can't be sure. He remained in Longsteel, told me to go home.”
“Longsteel is gone, I have seen this. Nothing remains of that city or the Fort. I think he destroyed it, yes? Rather than let Ordenheim get his hands on what was down there. Am I wrong?”
“No.”
“This is sad indeed. He must have felt that there was no way out of such a predicament. What did he give you?”
“What do you mean?”
“He would not have sent you away empty handed.”
“Medicines. That's all. Bottles. He said that one day people might be able to make them again.” Fin gazed intently at her face, perhaps seeing if she was lying.
“Perhaps you are telling the truth. I suspect so. You are a bad liar and I do not think you would lie to me.”
“Perhaps.”
“It does not matter. I did many favours for the old man, he in turn did many for me. What would you have of Finley that you seek me thus?”
“Ordenheim is sending out his soldiers to rebuild the old world. Most of the places he goes to...”
“...burn, yes, I have seen this.”
“I want to stop him.”
Fin whistled through his mischievous grin. “Do you know what you ask?”
“Yes.”
“And yet still you want to try?”
“Yes. For Bear. It was what he wanted to do. He felt he had a responsibility.”
“Sure, protector of the world he was. Yet I am not. I am just a humble man from Sinosi. What would you have me do?”
“You fought the machines, the ones driven by men. You know how to fight. You can train others... build an army.”
“No, young girl. An army will help you not.”
“But...”
“No, the thing you ask requires stealth and secrecy. Not open war. These people cannot stand against rifles and suits of armour with their swords and their spears. But if Ordenheim were to die, then that is different. Soldiers might not follow him any more. Soldiers might turn around and go back south without a leader.”
“Assassinate him? But he can't be killed, can he?”
“Perhaps not, but he can be 'removed' so to speak.”
“How would we do this?”
“By wearing green, young girl. A better question maybe 'where will we find him?'”
“I was coming to that.”
“Of course. The answer is, I do not know. If you consent to join me, we will hunt him together. Perhaps I can show you a thing or two about how Sinosi live, yes?”
“Perhaps.”
She liked him. As he led out on the cold earth and slept she couldn't help but smile. He wasn't attractive, at least not physically, but there was something about him that reminded her of a cat that used to live on Spearheart's grounds. It had been a shabby looking Tom cat wearing a patchwork coat of black and grey and it would hunt the mice that gathered near the wheat barns. It was lean and muscular from spending its days in the wild but it was cheeky and mischievous, often pawing her as she slept just to make room for it. Fin reminded her of him as he snored softly and even at rest didn't seem to stop grinning.
Chapter 18

THE JOURNEY NORTH

In the morning they broke camp and this time she buried the ashes and covered her trail. Fin struck a course north, back the way they'd come, descending the spine on its western flanks, planning to cross the border into the far north. It took several days before they reached it, the land between the spine and the border had been treacherous, filled with suckling marshlands and wild boar with huge tusks.
“I know it's called the border, but what is it the border of?” she asked as the sky began to turn grey and all the blue was lost behind the brooding canopy.
“I suppose you could say that the north isn't actually the north but the mid-lands. Across the border is the true north of the country, but according to the old man this land you now stand upon was once another country and that was the border to it. Now you are in the highlands of the cold north, the barren hills and valleys of a place now home only to annoying little insects and wild sheep. Thankfully though it is not the season for the little bastards so we won't be eaten alive this month.”
She started a fresh page in her book, sketching the border lands and adding a small drawing of a ruin perched precariously on the side of a hill that looked ready to topple. Then she added a note underneath 'Border lands of the cold north'.
“Bear said you two met in Sinosi. You helped him trade there,” she said.
“This is correct.”
“He said the Sinosi only trade with locals.”
“Also true. The old man was a little... heavy handed in those days. I was only a young boy at the time and he was trying to persuade the Captain of the Merry Hag to transport some large crates to the Saravan Harbour. The Captain asked to know what was inside the crates but the old man refused to tell him. So the Captain, Merrick I think, refused to carry them.”
“What was in the crates?” she asked.
“One will find out if one allows another to tell the tale to the end, yes? So I am sat on the docks, watching all this take place. The old man interested me, you see, stood there in his bear skin looking all manly with his cart load of crates with funny markings...”
“Funny markings?”
“Again, a tale must be told to the end before questions come, if you please.”
“Sorry.”
“As I was saying, there he was with his crates. Captain Merrick is stood on the pier with his big hands on his hips, refusing to allow the crates on board. Says 'Mr. Bear – no cargo goes on my tub without me knowing what's inside'. The old man says 'These boxes are full of my business and I’d advise you to keep out of them'. This is funny, you see, and I am laughing when he looks at me with those angry eyes and calls me over to him.”
“Why?” Fin cocked his head at her. “Sorry. Again.”
“I runs over and the old man puts a hand on my shoulder like this,” Fin placed his hand on Alex in demonstration. “and says to me 'boy – tell this old son of a bitch that my crates are going on his tub and he'll damn well like it, and I’ll be paying double if it means his nose will stay out of them'.”
“What did you do? Surely you didn't say that to him?”
“I did. So Captain Merrick is insulted twice, but in the end agrees to take the crates to Saravan and the old man gives him three times the cost. When we were done I told the old man that Merrick would never have dealt with him, that Sinosi only deal with their own. He says to me 'boy, if I had known that at the start I would have paid you the extra'.”
“That sounds like the Bear to me,” she said. “Anyway, what was in the crates then?”
“I did not know until recently, until me and the old man went to Vaagstad. When we saw Ordenheim's men there they were loading crates onto 'Copters. The markings on them were the very ones I had seen all those years ago.”
“What do you think he was doing then?”
“The old man told me he had built caches of these weapons in different places, places only he would know and would only pass on to a few who he thought needed them. Unfortunately it looks like they are gone forever unless we trip over one by mistake.”
“Is that where we're going then. Vaagstad?”
“Yes. It is a regret now that we didn't destroy it when we had a chance last year. Now I suspect Ordenheim may have decided to relocate to there. It's as good a place as any to start looking.”

They cut across the highlands, avoiding Oldistown but stopping at some of the smaller villages to trade for fresh supplies. It took several weeks to make it to the outskirts of what Fin called 'Vaagstad's boundaries' – the land that the old fortress had expanded to include. It was situated in a shallow valley, chosen for its easy concealment and long stretches of land that Fin claimed had been used to launch flying machines from.
“The old man showed me where they would be launched from, long roads that went in a straight line right down the valley, long enough for the machine to get faster and faster until it was going so fast it began to fly.”
“Really?” said Alex as they looked across the mountains. The snow was melting now and some of the lower peaks were now brown and barren without their white caps. “I've seen the 'Copter, so I guess it isn't much of a leap of my imagination to understand a machine that can fly like a bird.”
“Over the next peak we shall be looking down into Vaagstad. It was only occupied by a small force that time, let us see what lives there now, yes?”

They moved down into another valley, the air light and breezy after a week of persistent rain. It seemed that since crossing the border the weather had changed for the worse. The grey clouds had massed in front of them as they walked, eventually deciding they were interlopers and began to thunder their anger at them, venting rain storms and hail for seven solid days. When they thought they couldn't get any wetter, the clouds parted and the sun had come out as if they had passed some celestial test of the elements. Alex decided there and then that she didn't like this part of the country and vowed to return south, to the north, as soon as possible.
When they crested the next peak Fin led her to an outcrop of heather that stood alone against the wind and crouched down behind it.
“There is no point being too obvious. They will have the means to see us from great distances if we're not careful,” he said, shuffling forward to peer between the thin branches.
“I know, I’ve seen the weapons they use.”
From their vantage point they could see down into the valley. It was just as he had described, a long stretch of shallow land, striped with black roads that ran from one end to the other. There had been overgrowth once, but now it'd been cleared and several black 'Copters sat idly on the runways, their crews walking around as soldiers came and went through a huge entrance in the mountainside.
“That's the way in,” whispered Fin. “Vaagstad is inside the mountain.”
“Was it this busy when you were here last?”
“No, this is new. There was only a small crew here, picking through the remains. It looks like we were right – Ordenheim has made this his new home. Or at least it is something important to him.”
“What do we do now?” she asked.
“Well, we won't be able to get down there without being seen. Even at night they have ways of seeing you. Special equipment, you see. No, we will need to watch and wait for an opportunity to present itself.”
“Is that your plan?”
“Have you got a better one?”

They waited until nightfall. They watched 'Copters come and go. They saw scores of soldiers enter and leave. Then, just as the moon made an appearance over the entrance to the fort, lights came on. They were huge glowing balls that hummed into life, pouring out dirty yellow light onto the runways and revealing a line of people slowly marching towards the doors.
Alex elbowed Fin as he slept. “Look!”
“What is it?”
“People.”
“So what? We see many people today.”
“These aren't soldiers. They're just normal people dressed like normal people.”
Fin rolled onto his stomach and parted some of the heather to get a better look. “You're right. They're prisoners.”
“Prisoners?”
“From Oldistown, most likely. Or perhaps they are collecting from the small villages.”
“Why?”
“I don't know. Perhaps to make more soldiers. Conscripts.”
They watched them cross the black roads, four soldiers in front, four at the back of a line of crouching, frightened people. Within minutes the huge doors had swung open and they disappeared behind them. Silence again. The lights dimmed and then shut off.
“That is how we get in,” said Fin. “Now I sleep.”
Alex remained awake, watching. She feared for those who had been herded inside. She also began to fear that he was right.

*

They returned down the valley sides and set off towards Oldistown. The journey took them eastwards across the highlands, over endless hills and fields of long grass and roaming flocks of white and black sheep. 
“It might be best if we lower the mileage, Fin,” she said on the next day. “With any luck we'll run into a patrol or something.”
“This is a good plan. As long as they understand we want to join them and not end up in a cell.”
“It's a risk.”
“One I fear we will have to take. The old man would have thought of something.”
It wasn't long before they heard the sound of feet stamping along the road several miles from the town. It thundered deep within the ground, a great many men were coming from the west.
“Here we go. Lower your weapon, Alex. Let's walk towards them and see what happens.”
The march came around the corner out of the woods as they met them in the open. Leading the way was a soldier of rank with a strange hat upon his head. He wasn't old, mid-thirties perhaps and Alex could see his face change as he saw them. The soldier grinned, raised his hand and drew the men to a halt not far from them. Alex and Fin stopped as he came towards them alone.
“Good day,” he said. “Where are you going?”
“West. We were told to look along this road for you. We wish to join, if we can.”
“And I wonder who told you,” he said with a wry smile. “You wish to join then? Why?”
“I was at the Old Trading Post, to the south, when your people tried to bring order to that cesspit,” said Alex. “I wanted to join then but the soldier told me to come north. I didn't know why, but I obeyed and as I travelled I saw the flying machines, followed them in this direction, hoping to see more soldiers.”
The officer looked her up and down, wondering if the story was true.
“Well then, we need all the able bodies we can find if things are going to start happening. We are heading to Oldistown now, if you will join us then perhaps after we have concluded our business there we will consider your... application.”  He looked at Moll. “Can it hunt?”
“Yes, very well. She is trained to hunt animals and also to track people.”
He turned, raised his hand and called someone over. “Private Fisch, we have two volunteers and one animal. Make room for them in the troop.”
“Aye, sir.”
Turning back to Alex he said, “You will understand if I ask you to surrender your weapons to Private Fisch here, of course?”
“Of course,” said Fin, handing over his long, slim dagger and several smaller blades from his belt. Reluctantly, Alex handed over her spear and her knife. 
“Will we get them back?” she asked.
“If your application is successful then you will not need them. But yes, you may have them back. Please follow Private Fisch and join our march.”
Room was made for them between the ranks of similarly dressed men and women and soon the pace was resumed. It was slower than the long strides Alex was used to, but she was glad of a little rest either way. Fin had warned her earlier to keep quiet and to say nothing that would arouse suspicion.
“Dress in green, little one,” he had said. “Red doesn't suit you.”

The troop marched continuously for the rest of the day, pausing only once for a ten minute break. In this time, Alex tried to strike up conversation with the blank faced soldier to her left but she remained silent, staring ahead as if she wasn't even there. It was only when she found the last of the dried meat in her bag and offered some to her that the soldier's eyes darted towards it, nodded and took a small piece, muttering a 'thank-you' under her breath.
“I'm Alex,” she whispered. “I understand.”
The soldier nodded again, just as the officer waved a hand and the march resumed.

They reached Oldistown that evening. It was as large as Morgan's Town and Fin explained that it was a thriving mining town where a lot of coal was dug out of the ground. Most of the town's wealth was in coal and it was shipped by boat and cart across the north even as far as Jonggrots. Some iron had been found here too but they had not yet found a rich enough seam to warrant the opening of another mine. The people here were wealthy and life was good, but with it came a snobbery, an arrogance that only wealth could bring.
The troop marched straight into the centre of town, along smooth roads of rectangular stone under the gaze of the townspeople. Most ran back inside the brick cottages and hid behind carved oak doors stained a dark mahogany. Others followed them, walking along the pavements muttering to each other as to who they were and what they wanted.
They reached the town square, a large open space of flagged stone surrounded on all sides by grand stone buildings the likes of which Alex had never before seen. At every side was a sculpture of the same slate grey coloured stone, some of men, some of creatures, magnificent animals with fierce faces. The troop was ordered into four lines and the officer, a Captain Andrews according to Fisch, strode towards what appeared to be the town hall and rapped his knuckles on the door.
“In the name of Commander Talos and our Leader, J. F. Ordenheim, I order you to present yourselves immediately!”
There was a moment of deathly silence in the square. People were gathering, slowly at first, people in fine clothes that Alex had only seen on those closest to Spearheart, his own family. They formed a loose circle around the troop, pointing and whispering, fear lurking behind every shoulder, peeking out at her through wide eyes.
Suddenly the doors were pushed open and a large man in the finest silk shirt and trousers the colour of topaz came striding out to meet Captain Andrews. He was clearly a well fed man and his chubby hand was extended to the Captain. Shaking his head, Andrews said something she couldn't hear and the man withdrew his hand.
“Ladies and Gentlemen,” he began. “Does this man represent your wishes here?”
Silence. It stood for a few moments until people began to come forward, some from within the town hall.
“He's the Mayor,” someone shouted.
“We elected him,” said another.
“Then listen to him now...” said Andrews. He gestured to the Mayor in his topaz suit who began to shake his head erratically.
“I can't,” she heard him say. “Not that, not to them...”
“Your Mayor...” Captain Andrews began, “refuses to give me the names of the members of the organisation known as the Free Miners Union. Their refusal to hand over control of the mines to the proper authorities has resulted in our presence here today. Last month, as an act of kindness, an envoy from Commander Talos visited you and explained the need for the mines to be handed over to us to ensure the fair distribution of fuel to all who had need. Since then the mines have remained closed and the Free Miners Union are still at large.”
The crowd looked like rabbits before a fire. Unmoving, frozen by fear.
“You have sixty minutes to find, restrain and bring to this square all twenty-two members of the Free Miners Union. If this is not done then further action will be taken.”
“Why are you doing this?” someone shouted from the crowd. The Captain turned and addressed the person.
“Because order will be restored to this country. You Leader, J. F. Ordenheim is working tirelessly to bring back technology, law and peace to this troubled, backward land. He will not tolerate criminals. He will not allow drug pushers, rapists and murderers to go unpunished. He will not allow terrorists such as the Free Miners Union to dictate the distribution of valuable resources. You have fifty-seven minutes left.”

Within the hour it was clear that no one was going to bring any of the twenty-two members to the square. As the Captain marked off the minutes on his watch, he paced the steps of the town hall and sometimes glared at the Mayor who stood trembling with each passing moment.
“Five minutes remaining,” shouted the Captain. Alex was tense herself. All the soldiers around her were carrying rifles, just like the ones she had taken from the soldiers in the south. If the town didn't do something quickly, she was quite sure it would end in blood.
Fin was stood next to her and he leaned over to whisper in her ear.
“They should just do as he tells them. The FMU has had a strangle hold over the coal mining for too long.”
“What will he do?”
“I don't know? I do know that it won't be nice. You may want to look away.”
“I'll be fine.”
“Well, if you are sure. You just look a little pale, that's all.”

People were going to die now, she thought. 

“Two minutes.”
The crowd stirred as someone walked towards the Captain. He was a lean man with black dirt on his face and hands, his clothes dirty with coal dust.
“I'm Angelo and I represent the FMU,” he said. “Let the others go. They will leave town, never bother these people again.”
“Less than one minute remaining,” shouted the Captain, seeming to ignore the man.
“But... please, I will take full responsibility for the actions of the FMU.”
“Thirty seconds...”
“Please, it was all my fault. Don't punish the town because of a few people!”
A few moments later and Andrews gestured to Fisch who marched towards him, taking the hands of the man and forcing him to his knees as he bound him in steel cuffs. Then he did the same to the Mayor who began to weep.
“Peace. Law. Order. These are the foundations of a healthy society. Too long have they been silent. Instead they were usurped by Crime, Lawlessness and Apathy. No more,” he bellowed. “You have failed to bring me the twenty-two members of the Free Miners Union. Therefore you are no longer fit to continue running this town or its people.”
He drew a small weapon from his belt and it looked to Alex like only a small part of the larger rifle – the trigger and its grip. He pointed it at the man's forehead and the crowd gasped in horror as the back of the man's head exploded outwards, blood and brain matter splattering the flags; his lifeless body slumped to the ground. The Mayor was moaning now, begging for his life as the weapon was then turned on him.
“You have failed, Mayor. Be thankful that we are only going to kill you today.”

The weapon fired and the crowd ran.
Chapter 19

NEARER THE TRUTH

There was a spurt of chaos, a brief time of panic as the crowd rushed to get as far away from the soldiers of Ordenheim as they could. A quick signal was given by Captain Andrews and the soldiers around Alex spread out in ordered formations.
“This is madness,” she whispered to Fin who was stood next to her now along with three soldiers who'd stayed behind to guard them.
“This is going on all over the country,” he replied.
When the people had been suppressed and led back into the square, Andrews began to speak once more.
“As of now this entire town is under Martial Law. A detachment of the men and women you see before you will remain to ensure that peace is restored and that the members of the FMU are brought to justice. A new local government will soon be set up. In the mean time, resume your daily business and feel free to consult my associate, Corporal Murphy, on any of this that might confuse you.”
Captain Andrews stepped down from outside the town hall, stepping over the two corpses that leaked blood between the cracks in the flags.
“Private Fisch, detach the men and lets be on our way,” he said.
“Aye sir.”
What remained of the troops began to march out of Oldistown, back towards Vaagstad. Alex and Fin resumed their places in the line as they continued down the road.
“Do you think they've reached Greenmark yet?” she asked Fin.
“I wouldn't have thought they had the manpower yet. Some of the people of Oldistown will become more conscripts, I suspect, but Greenmark is still a long way south.”
“Time enough to act, I hope.”
“Indeed.”

They marched through the night and into the morning. They were used to the strain but it was clear that some of the younger soldiers were struggling to keep up having only rested for a few minutes during the night. They soon broke away from the main road, marching north and away from Vaagstad which caused Alex to panic.
“Where are we going now?” she asked Fin when the gaps between the lines increased enough for a quick word.
“I do not know. There is nothing north of here but the big river. Why we would make for there I do not know.”
“Another base?”
“I don't know, Alex.”
They marched for another day, stopping that night to camp in the sparsely populated woodlands of oak and ash. The trees were far enough apart to keep the troops together and as they bunked down beside a fire, patrols marched up and down keeping a careful watch not on the trees but on the soldiers themselves.
“It's like a prison van,” said Fin when the soldier had passed them by. They were far enough away from the others to manage whispers besides the heat and the crackling branches of the fire. “It's like they're scared we'll run.”
“Not scared for us, I think,” she said. “Scared the soldiers will run. They're conscripts – you can see it in their eyes.”
“Perhaps.”
“Any ideas where we're going yet?”
“None. You?”
“None. But are you sure there is nothing to the north? A fort you've missed, anything at all.”
“The old man might know. I do not often travel up here. After Oldistown there are only villages and wild folk, cannibals some say. I do not want to find out.”
Alex poked the fire with a branch, getting air to the heart of the flames. “Could we have done anything back there?”
“How do you mean?”
“In Oldistown,” she said. “Could we have saved them?”
“No.”
“Sure?”
He sighed. “We could have took a rifle from the soldiers, tried to fire it, shot Andrews. Then been shot ourselves. Then they might have turned on the town, killed more people. There were children in the crowd. A stray bullet in their direction perhaps. More than two dead I think.”
“I suppose.”
“I have learned that in my life time I have made two kinds of mistakes. Mistakes made by omission and mistakes made by commission. You understand?”
“I think so.”
“I've done things I know are wrong. I've done things I didn't realise were wrong. That day was none of them. We were witnesses, that's all.”
“Perhaps.”
“Lavat ti'banon. You know this?”
“No, what does it mean?”
“It means as a man lives, he also dies. It's old speak from Sinosi. My mother taught it to me when I got upset over something. She said it should put my worries into perspective. That when death comes then I should ask - will this problem be important to me?”
“Sounds like wisdom to me. Lavat ti'bannon.”
“When we are finished, Alex, remember this. It will help.”

In the morning the march resumed after a light breakfast was handed out. Each person was handed a griddle cake freshly made and some dried meat. Alex chewed the cake slowly, washing it down with as much water as she could stomach. The meat she tucked inside her satchel for later.
“The old man taught you well, I see,” said Fin, doing the same.
“Did he teach you?” she asked.
He nodded. “After Sinosi he offered to take me travelling with him. I had no parents, I was an orphan. All I had was a sack of apples and the shoes I had on my feet.”
“What happened to your parents?”
“They died on ship, sailing to Maravan. Left me behind with an Uncle who beat me. I was happy to leave with the old man.”
“And he trained you?”
“To be a Dalesman. Said the country needed men of the wild in case it became too civilised. Said 'Christopher, you aren't too bright and you're slow to learn, but I am patient enough and I think you'll be a good Dalesman'. Four years later he told me he realised he wasn't patient enough and he clipped me round the head.”
“I guess you did okay in the end, though?”
“Yes. After ten years I left the old man, heading out on my own. We would cross paths from time to time, but mostly we just drank ale and told stories to each other after that.”
“He spoke fondly of you,” she said, remembering Greenmark. Fin smiled.
“I was a pain, but it turned out he was just patient enough. Still, this is far better than sitting on a dock in Sinosi watching other people live, no?”
“True enough.”

They marched on for the rest of the day. The rains came in the evening and as they camped in the open only she and Fin had managed to start a fire. She watched the soldiers huddle under their lightweight ponchos before piles of damp wood, shivering in the cold. None would come over to ask for a brand. None dared. Not even Captain Andrews who kept his distance from the rest of the troops.
A small group that were sat near to them looked at their flames and whispered to each other. Alex watched them for a time, recognising the woman who she'd shared her meat with days ago.
“Why don't you sit with us?” she said to her. They looked at each other, then came across and sat around their fire.
“Thank you,” she said to Alex. “We are hopeless at making fire, especially in the rain.”
There were four of them, three young women and a man. The man was quiet and stared into the fire, his eyes blank and emotionless.
“What's your names?” asked Alex.
“I'm Trisha. This one is Mary and her sister Dawn. The man calls himself Seth, but doesn't say much.”
“Where are you from?”
“We're from a town called Varathan. Or at least it was called Varathan. They destroyed it, killed everyone, took us to be in their army.”
“Seth as well?”
“No, we only met Seth once we were put into this unit. We felt sorry for him, the shock of what he must have seen has made him this way. The Captain wanted to shoot him for being so useless but we were able to stop him. We promised to help him recover.”
“How many here are conscripted then?”
“Over half from many different places. Where are you two from?”
“We are travellers. We chose to join.”
Trisha looked at her intently and began to shake her head. “No you didn't. No one joins out of choice. You look like people...” she leaned nearer to her to whisper, “...people with a plan.”
“What do you mean?”
“Your friend is a Dalesman. We knew a Dalesman once, a big man in animal skin. Dalesman would never join this army of slavers and murderers. So you must have other reasons for joining.” Trisha grinned and her eyes lit up with hope.
“Perhaps.”
“There are others who would help, you need only say the word. Malcolm over there, he can gather many people who would be happy to help you.”
“Who is Malcolm? Where is he from?”
“He was a farmer to the west, sheep and cattle. He's strong and he's not afraid to speak about standing up to them. He can rally a good number of us if he needs to.
Alex nodded as a guard patrolled past them. “I'll remember this. Do you know where we are going to?”
“No, I don't. We came from the big fortress inside the mountain, we have never been this way before.”
“Is Ordenheim at the fortress?”
“No, he lives elsewhere. We don't know where.”
“Have you met him before?”
“No, I’ve only seen Talos.”
“Who is this Talos? I've heard him spoken of before.”
“He's the Commander of Ordenheim's army. He controls the men, where they go, what they do. I’ve only seen him from a distance when he came to the fortress. He's...”
“What?”
“He's a monster. He stood well above his men, huge, like something out of a nightmare. We were terrified when we saw him get off the 'Copter even though we were far away. That is some kind of dark magic that gave birth to such a... beast.”
Alex was reminded of the sewers under the city of Glass and Bone. She shuddered.
“Have the armies been further south than Oldistown?” she asked. “Greenmark? Saravan?”
“I don't know. This army hasn't, not since we were put into it. There are other units though – we hear about them sometimes.”
Another guard walked past and told them to be quiet. Alex led down and watched the rain spitting in the fire, thinking about Talos, about Ordenheim and if they even had a chance of making a difference against them.

*

After a ten mile march to the east, the unit stopped in a clearing amongst large beech and cedars, a clearing made by men. Even stumps had been ripped from the ground to make way for a large patch of scorched earth. The troops were arranged in a semi-circle around the outer edge of the clearing and Alex and Fin took their places among them. Moll padded up and down the ranks, sniffing here and there and frightening the men.
“Where are we?” she asked.
“Not a clue. The ground has been burned here. Why, I know not,” said Fin, reaching down and tearing a clump of burned grass out of the ground. “Smells foul. Chemicals. Not natural.”
“It reminds me of those black roads you were telling me about,” she said, winking. Fin smiled.
“You might be right there, girl.”
The 'Copters came from the north east of the clearing – three of them, much bigger than the ones she'd seen before. They looked like flying beetles with twin propellers front and back and big fat underbellies. They were a sleek black colour with lights in the places where the pilots sat. They hovered above the clearing and with a signal from Captain Andrews, began to descend. A fierce wind was dragged down with them and Alex found herself dropping to one knee and shielding her eyes as the dust whipped at their faces.
As the flying machines landed, the wind eased and Fisch ordered them on board.
“On you get. Fill those seats, boys and girls. I hope nobody is afraid of flying!” he said, looking at Alex. Her stomach was turning like the propellers and she wanted to bring up breakfast. Moll was cowering behind her but followed after she'd pulled herself together and strode out towards the nearest machine. One of the crew helped them up the steps and into a seat. Moll was buckled to the metal skeleton that surrounded them and Alex and Fin sat opposite each other.
“Boats, yes. Horses, yes. Flying machines, no, this I do not like,” said Fin.
“It looks like a giant bug,” she said.
“Bugs do not carry men inside them. These are... unnatural.”
“They were made long before either of us was born... they're amazing.”
“I'm so glad you're enjoying yourself.”
“I might not when we get up in the air!”

A few moments later and everyone was on board. Another signal was given and the flying machines roared into life, rising slowly into the air with a sickening lurch. Alex gripped the arms of the seat tightly and her heart was racing. She could see out of the open sides as the land underneath them fell away and the entire forest was revealed. It was an odd tapestry of hilly greens and patchy masses of trees interspersed with ribbons of blue and white rivers. She held on even tighter as the 'Copter banked to the left and began to fly towards the east.
“Don't you just love it?” she shouted to Fin over the scream of the engines.
“No. This is not natural,” he replied, eyes shut and breathing deliberately.
“You can see the ocean! Look at all that water.”
The sea flowed underneath them, churning and broiling and the surf smashed against the cliffs below. Then the land was gone and they were heading out into the unknown expanse of the ocean.
“Where are we going?” she asked one of the soldiers next to her.
“To the Island,” she said, clearly unnerved by the flight.
“An island?” she replied.
“No, the Island – it's a man made thing from the early days. You'll see it soon enough.” The soldier pointed to the right hand side. “There, on the horizon.”
It was a speck on the blue, a small white dot until they flew closer. Then she began to see the detail, the long legs of stone coming out of the ocean, the white and black body of plastcrete moulded into smooth curves to form buildings and platforms, chimney stacks of pure glass, radio spikes that looked like hedgehog bristles. It was both beautiful and horrifying, a monument to the awesome architecture of those who had died so long ago. 
“What is it?” she asked.
“It is called a Promethean Platform. It makes power from the ocean to make light and heat, food and water. It's bigger than any town on the land, able to hold thousands of people and feed them indefinitely.”
“That's impossible,” said Alex.
“No, it isn't. It's called science.”
“It looks like magic.”

The 'Copters reached the Promethean Platform and began to descend onto a glowing 'H' in the centre of the facility. There was room for fifty of the 'Copters and the three they arrived in seemed small and insignificant. As they touched down on the platform Fin was first to unbuckle himself from his seat and jump down.
“That was not nice,” he said, shuddering. The sea air was cold and sharp to taste. “But at least we are on a boat.”
“It's not quite a boat.”
“Close enough. Better than a flying machine.”
Captain Andrews gathered the soldiers into three lines in front of the 'Copters and stood to attention.
“Soldiers, dismissed. Recruits, follow Private Fisch and you will be inducted accordingly. Welcome to Promethean Platform 1. Please follow all safety and security protocols whilst on the facility.”
Fisch appeared and as they were the only two new recruits he led them off the landing pad and towards a door set in the white plastcrete wall. Above it a sign read 'ARRIVALS' in bright green light.
Chapter 20

ORDENHEIM

The medical bay was a huge white room lined with work stations, beds and equipment and it reminded her of Fort Longsteel. It clearly had the same designer behind it and there was a buzz of people moving around from station to station, people in white outfits of thin cotton with funny hats on their heads. Alex, Moll and Fin were led to one side by Fisch who handed them over to a small man in the same white suit who wore a blue stripe across one arm.
“New arrivals,” said Fisch who quickly left. The man looked them over, then indicated two seats.
“Could you take off your coats please?” said the man. “Roll up the sleeves on your jumpers so I can reach your arms.”
“Why?” said Fin.
“Don't argue, Fin,” said Alex. “They're like healers back home. The old man called them 'doctors' once.”
“Oh,” he replied, rolling up his top.
“That's right, I'm a Doctor. I have to give you an injection to stop the spread of any...”
“Diseases? It's okay, Doctor. We understand,” said Alex. “Please continue.”
He swabbed her arm with a cotton ball, pressed the needle into her flesh and Fin let loose a cry.
“What's he doing?”
“It's a needle, stop being a baby.”
“You aren't sticking that thing in me, no way.”
“Fin, it doesn't hurt... much.”
“She's right, it's just a small needle...” Fin was turning pale and he closed his eyes as the Doctor injected him. When it was over, some of the colour returned to his cheeks.
“Don't tell anyone, please,” he begged her. Alex was laughing while the Doctor gave something to Moll to eat.
“The animal has been given oral medication,” he said.
“Why couldn't I have that!” said Fin.
“You're not a dog.”
The Doctor took some more readings using some of the equipment around them. Alex had asked what each piece monitored – blood pressure, reflexes, genetic history – most of which she didn't understand. When he'd finished, the Doctor gave them a glass of water each and told them to wait.
“What was all that for?” asked Fin, rubbing his arm.
“They were seeing how healthy we were.”
“How do you know?”
“The 'old man' – remember?” He nodded. “Also, I’ve been doing a lot of reading. Some of the books I find talk about this stuff being around not long after the big disaster. I guess Ordenheim has managed to find a lot more of it.”
“It makes me wish I'd studied more. I was taught letters and words in Sinosi by a fat whore called Melissa, but once I became a Dalesman I didn't think it mattered, no? Now I see how foolish I have been. Many books have passed me by and now a girl has made Finley look like a fool.”
“You don't need me to do that,” she said, returning his grin.
“Again, I am the fool! Still, I leave less tracks than you, yes?”
“I suppose.”
Fisch returned, passing a note to one of the men in white and looked at Alex.
“The Leader will see you in his office, Alex,” he said.
“What about Fin and Moll?”
“That is none of your concern for now. Come with me.”
She turned to Fin, “Look after Moll,” she said. “I'll find you later.”
“Do not worry, girl. We will be fine. Make good impression, yes?”
“I will, Fin.”

Fisch led her down a long corridor past many offices, workshops and a large eating area filled with soldiers. They reached a door made of metal which slid open when Fisch pressed a button on the wall. The room was small with no windows or exits, just more buttons on the left hand side.
“Inside,” he said. She did so, standing in the centre of the room as he stood beside her. He pressed a button and the doors closed. “This is a lift,” he said. “Don't panic. Please.”
There was a chime and then she felt the floor sink, her stomach rolling and she gripped the rail as the lift descended into the lower part of the platform.
“Where's it going?” she asked.
“Down.”
The lift jerked to a stop and the doors opened again. The hall had changed. This one was panelled with wood and the floor was varnished grain like an enormous tree split in half. At the far end was a single door clad in brass sheet, polished to a mirror finish with a small window in the centre. Fisch led the way, reaching the door and pushing it open.
“Leader, I have the girl outside.”
“Send her in,” said a voice from within.
Fisch stepped to one side and left enough room for her to enter. Then he closed the door behind her and waited outside.
“Come in, Alex. Have a seat,” said the man stood behind a long, dark table who had his back to her, looking out of a window. She realised they were below sea level and the view was that of the ocean itself. The room was dark with only a few lights near the ceiling, dimmed so the room felt soft and warm. The floor was the same as the hall but the walls were a dark metallic material and they seemed to soak up all the light. There was a low table along the right hand wall and there were bottles and glasses neatly arranged on its top. In front of the table was a chair big enough to sit three of her size, leather and dyed black. The table itself was teak and hand carved with only a white cup and a stack of papers on it. “I was wondering how long it would be before you attempted something like this,” the man said, watching the fish sail past him. “Do you know who I am?”
“J. F. Ordenheim.”
“Correct. And you are Alex Hogg, adopted child of Hubert Horatio Spearheart who now claims, is in fact, your real father.”
“Correct.”
Ordenheim turned and the picture of the Ogre, some beast of a man who dreamed of eating babies and murdering pregnant women, was shattered. Instead she saw an ageing little man with a thinning handful of grey hair on the top of his head and a suit that ill fitted his light frame. He wore small glasses that perched on the end of his nose and as he raised his hands to blow it with a handkerchief she could see liver spots amongst the wrinkles.
“I know who you are because I saw you in Fort Longsteel with Alan. You entered through the sewers through some secret passageway, but in doing so you set off the camera feed, tiny eyes in the walls that sent what they saw back to me.”
“Then why didn't you do anything?” she asked.
“There was nothing I could do. Only Alan had access to that part of the facility. All I could do was watch. Once I'd seen you enter I made plans to evacuate as many people and as much equipment as I could. I knew he'd destroy the place, the old fool.”
“Why are you telling me this?” she said. “If you knew Alan and knew we were there then you must also know he wanted to stop you.”
“Of course, that's why the facility is now gone, sunk into the ground along with the ruins of the old world.” He looked at her and smiled. “No, when you boarded the 'Copters today I saw your face again and thought to myself 'now there is a smart lady'. You're here, carrying on Alan's work, hoping to stop me. Perhaps even kill me even though I think you know you can't do it. I cannot be killed.”
“I know.”
“Then tell me, little girl, what is it you want?”
She stared at him, unable to formulate some kind of rational answer. This wasn't what she'd expected, this wasn't part of her plan. Then she admitted she didn't really have a plan in the first place.
“I don't know. To stop you somehow, I suppose.”
“And what is it you want to stop? Progress? The return of life saving medicine? Hospitals? Science? Technology? Tell me which part of my plans do you so disagree with that you're willing to follow that mad man, Alan, into the grave for?”
“I was at the Old Trading Post. You murdered people because they wouldn't obey you. They died with their legs broken and unable to escape the flames because you ordered them dead,” she said.
“I did not order them dead, only brought under the law. They disobeyed the law and now they have been punished. You think it is wrong to punish the guilty?”
“No, I think it's wrong to murder the innocent.”
“And who was innocent in the Old Trading Post? The dealers? The whores? The pimps? They did not want order, or peace, or safety. They wanted crime and poison and addiction. They wanted sexually transmitted diseases, emotional decadence, pain, heartache, sorrow. Are these admirable qualities in your opinion, Alex?”
“No, of course not.”
“Then why do you object to what I do? Did I burn Morgan's Town?”
“No, not yet I suppose.”
“Nor will I ever. They came under the yoke of law and order easily enough. Yes, some misfits were brought to justice, but rats are always flushed out of the shadows by fire. Have you not seen enough at Longsteel to convince you that someone needs to bring this amazing technology back to humanity?”
She left his gaze, looked at the floor, defeated. She stood on a platform in the ocean, a platform that could purify water, make food and power indefinitely, yet she wanted to stop him. Longsteel had things called computers, medicines, research and Bear had destroyed it. Why? She thought of Bear, dying in the ground, buried under...
“Is he dead?” she asked.
“Who? Alan?”
“Yes. Is Alan dead? He was like you, I saw it myself. So how can he be dead?”
“Perhaps he survived the blast. I do not know and I do not care. If he did survive, he'll be buried under thousands of tonnes of rubble by now. Does it matter?”
“Yes. He's my friend.”
“You haven't answered my question.”
“I have.”
“How? I don't follow.”
“It's about the cost. You'd bring all this back, yes? But you don't care about the cost. You don't mind people dying. You're happy to sow the seeds of restoration with the blood of those who don't see it your way. You'd enslave a country, bend them to your will, and then say 'it's for their own good'.”
“But it is, Alex.”
“But is it worth the cost?”
Ordenheim, tired, sat down in his chair and steepled his fingers in his lap. “You're a smart girl. You're a native yet you speak like someone who is very well read.  Perhaps you will understand me when I say I was once like you. I was once a young man, a Doctor who's job it was to heal people, to make them better. A long time ago I was given the job of finding cures for diseases that were incurable. Can you imagine the weight of responsibility such a task must have been?”
“I suppose.”
“Well, that was my lot. I'd seen my own mother die of one such disease – cancer. My brothers died also, one from a disease of the lungs, the other from AIDS. It seemed no matter where I turned there was another illness, another invisible killer stalking me. Have you seen someone you love die from illness, Alex?”
“No, I haven't.”
“Then it will be hard to understand. How can I describe watching your own mother grow thin, pale and suffering immense pain? How can you understand a young man such as my brother, watching himself dying, begging for someone to make him well again so he can see his children grow up?”
“I don't know,” she said. “It must have been awful.” He fixed her with his gaze again, eyes watering around the edges.
“No. You don't. Before the disaster I was working in Longsteel when we came across the cure. We didn't notice it at first, it almost passed us by. A little speck on the slide, a little cell floating around, unaware of how special it was. Then we saw it and the world changed. Death was dead in that moment, no more disease. No more old age. I'd done it, I'd done what no one had done before.”
“The medicine.”
“Yes. I'm sure Alan told you about it. They were the first human test subjects, after the dog you have with you. Once we saw the animal heal so quickly after being injured we realised the implications immediately. Test subjects were called and within a week we had manufactured enough samples to inject them with. Two were kept in storage to act as our templates.”
“But you took one yourself when the disaster came,” she said. “When people started dying.”
Ordenheim nodded slowly, deliberately. “Yes. I didn't want to starve, to die and let my work die with me. The others didn't know I had access to the lower laboratories and when the chance came I was able to enter and give myself the medicine.”
“And you let the rest die?”
“Yes, I did. That was the cost. Only I knew the right sequences to access the computers to retrieve the information. It'd been my discovery, not theirs. Once the doors opened again, I ran. It was the first mistake of many after that day. I should have took the remaining injection with me. Instead I ran in fear, returning once it was too late. Alan had recoded the doors and I could no longer descend into the lower laboratories. If I had, then things might have been very different.”
“That's what this is all about? The medicine?”
“Not only that. With the medicine I would have been able to recreate it, cure people, end disease and return humanity to the place it had taken so long to climb up to. But without the medicine or the computers that Alan has destroyed, mankind has been plunged back into the dark ages. It will be a long time before such a discovery is made again.”
Alex remembered the bag, remembered the medicines Bear had given her to keep safe. Did Ordenheim know she had it? If he had seen her on these 'eyes' then surely he knew, she thought.
“So the medicine was destroyed with Alan?” she asked.
“I don't think so,” he said, getting up out of his chair. “I think he gave it to you.”
“Why?”
“I saw the bag he gave you. What was in it?” She didn't see the point in lying now. He knew everything.
“Medicines. He told me to keep them safe.”
“And was it in there? Did he show you which one it was?”
“No.”
“Then how do you know if you don't have it?”
“I...” She felt the cold sweat forming on her brow. Ordenheim looked calm, though. In control.
She took a deep breath but the tension remained. Hadn't Bear told her that she would take the medicine home? “I could see the jars and vials he put in your bag. Where are they now?”
“I lost them.”
“Do you think I'm a fool?”
“After I left Longsteel I went west. I was robbed on the road, the bag was taken from me.”
“You're lying.”
“Why? Wouldn't it be easier to just give you the bag? I don't have anything to gain by keeping it, do I?”
“Who took it?”
“I don't know, there were three of them. I dropped the bag and ran. What do I want with a load of medicine that isn't much use to me anyway?”
“True. Perhaps you traded it for value?”
“Who wants a bunch of funny glass jars? They're only valuable to you, no one else.”
“I could have the information taken from you by force, you understand this?”
“Why take what you already have?”
Ordenheim thought for a moment, then smiled and Alex felt more uncomfortable than while he was questioning her. He walked over to the table and poured himself a drink. “Would you like one? I have cola.”
“Cola?” He filled a large tumbler with a black liquid and passed it to her. It fizzed and bubbled and she sniffed it, smelled the sweetness and took a sip. “Wow, that's amazing,” she said, drinking half the glass. She stifled a belch and drank the rest.
“It's no where near as nice as the real stuff used to be but it'll do.” He returned to his seat with a small glass of amber liquid. “Are you still determined to stop me, Alex? Even though I have explained my intentions.”
“Yes.”
“Because you think I’m wrong in letting some die to serve the greater good? That it's wrong to sacrifice the needs of the few...”
“For the needs of the many? No, it's not just that.”
“Then what is it?”
“I don't like the idea of someone who cannot die ruling the world. That's why. You're making a throne for yourself on the backs of the dead you leave behind. You're using this medicine as a cover for what you feel deep down, that some people aren't fit to live. This medicine would only reach the best, the richest, the strongest, those you would want to see live longer whilst the rest of us would be left to rot. Dead for not agreeing to your demands. Dead for not bowing the knee. Dead for not wanting to see the old world restored. Dead for being happy with this one.”
“Happy with this world?” he laughed. “Disease kills most of you. You dig in the dirt like animals, hunt them, wear their skins as coats, spend days covered in dirt. I would bring you health and food on your tables, showers to wash yourselves in, clothes of man-made fibres and you would never have to bother with such primitive none-sense again. Yet you choose the gutter just like all the other scum.”
“Better that than...”
“Than what?”
“This. White walls you're scared to dirty. Two washes a day to take the skin off your body with. Getting fat whilst people put food in your laps. Travelling around in carts made of metal so you don't have to walk. Petty bickering over the latest clothing and keeping up with the next bit of technology to make you move less. And all the while being blind to the self-imposed slavery, slaves to paying taxes and earning coin after coin. You can keep your new old world, I’ll stick with this one thanks.”
Ordenheim nodded, stared at her for a moment and smiled. “There is some truth there, I admit. So be it. I am impressed by you, Alex. You are intelligent and logical. I want you to have this.” He opened a drawer in the table and took out a small, flat object and passed it to her.
“What is it?”
“A library.”
“I don't understand?”
“It's a piece of the 'new old world'.” She opened its cover but the face of it was blank. “Touch the screen and you will be able to access any one of 45,000,000 books written long before the disaster happened. It is powered like all old tech – by the sun – and I think it will not be wasted in your hands.”
“I don't know what to say,” she said, genuinely taken back by the kindness. “Is there a catch?”
“A thank-you will suffice.” He stood up again. “Now it is time for you to leave.”
“You're letting me go?”
“You are no threat to me. Why would I harm you?” Her heart began to race. Would he kill her? Take her prisoner? “I will order my 'Copter to take you anywhere you want to go with all your belongings and even the dog.”
“What about Fin?”
“Who?”
“The one I arrived with?”
“That's up to him, but he can go with you if he wishes. You have one hour to decide, but you cannot stay here. Private Fisch will collect you once you are reunited with your friend.”
“Thank you,” she said, turning to leave, still stunned by his subtle charm. But also, she thought, insulted by the obvious – she was no threat to him and he was treating her accordingly. Her confidence was perhaps more wounded than she'd first realised.
“Alex, one day you may look back on this conversation and wonder what you were thinking. I will rebuild, mark my words. And one day I will come looking for you. Do not make me regret my mercy. Do you understand?”
She looked at the gift he had given her. “I suppose.”
Chapter 21

BACK TO LONGSTEEL

“Remind me again. Why are we here?”
“He's here somewhere.”
“Who?”
“Bear. Under the rubble.”
“How are we supposed to dig him out?”
“I don't know.”
The 'Copter hovered over the smouldering ruins of the city of Glass and Bone. Alex looked down into the sink hole that the destruction of Fort Longsteel had wrought and sighed. Maybe it was a foolish idea, she thought; maybe there was no hope of finding him somewhere in all this carnage. But deep within she knew she had to try.
“Put us down as close as you can,” she said to the pilot.
“I can hover over that building there. The roof is still intact but you'll have to rope down,” he replied.
“That'll do.”
They moved in closer and the rotors blew white dust into the cab, stinging her eyes. Ropes were dropped from coils overhead and together Fin and Alex moved into position, Fin clutching Moll as best he could.
“Your weapons are in the bag,” said a crew member as she dangled her feet over the edge. “Some tools as well.”
“Thank you,” she replied. When she looked up to take hold of the rope she realised it was the man Trisha had spoken of. “It's Malcolm, isn't it?” she said.
“It is. I spoke to Trisha. Are you a girl with a plan?” he shouted over the noise of the blades.
“I think so,” she replied.
“Good. Then remember you're not alone. There are others who oppose him.”
“What will you do?”
“Leave that to us,” he said, looking down. “But Talos must be dealt with. They are sun and moon. Both must be stopped.”
“Where can I find him?” she said, but the pilot spoke over her, yelling at them to drop. The bag slid down the rope before her and then, taking it in both hands, she followed it down. It only took a few moments of stomach turning free fall before her boots hit the plastcrete, Fin not far behind. Alex waved back up at the 'Copter and Malcolm gave her a thumbs up before the machine turned and began to fly away.
“We're on our own then,” said Fin as Moll sniffed around. They watched the 'Copter disappear over the horizon northwards, back to the Platform.
“For now, yes. But at least we've had some good news. It's been lacking of late. We'd better get down off here, it can't be stable. I can feel it swaying.”
“I'm amazed even this one is still half-standing.” Alex opened the bag, taking back her spear and other equipment. Malcolm had given them two long coils of climbing rope, glo-sticks and a long crowbar.
“That was nice of him,” she said. “He didn't have to do that.”
“I guess not everything is black and white, no?”
“I guess not.”

They used the stairs to get down to ground level, where ever that was. The sink hole sloped towards its centre and it was almost impossible for them to know where the rubble ended and the ground began. When they had reached what they thought was the bottom and there were no more steps to follow; they climbed out through a shattered window and onto the remains of the next building.
“Most of it must be underground now,” she said. “That wasn't the lowest floor. There were more steps. We need to head towards the centre and see if we can get into the sewers.”
“Great. If Bear is alive then there is a strong chance that those creatures are too.”
“You've faced them before?”
“Yes, a long time ago. It was more through accident than intention though. They were hunting to the south and a few of us had gone into the city to scavenge. It was more about showing how brave we were. A rite of passage, yes? But instead three of my friends died fighting a pack of those things, their bodies devoured by the small ones, I was lucky to escape.”
“How?”
“I was a fast runner. So I ran. I am not proud. I pay for it now, my knees sometimes burn in the cold.”
He stepped over a shattered statue and began to hop across huge stone slabs that poked out of the corpse of another broken bones, following the slope towards its centre. Dust flicked up in small clouds as his boots hit the tops. Alex followed, her heart beating heavily, hoping against hope that they would find him even in this ruin. Despite that, the way was easy and it wasn't long before the ground levelled out and the crumbling plastcrete path stopped at a gaping chasm.
“We go down, yes?” said Fin. “Let's see what's down there.” Breaking a glo-stick he leaned over the hole and dropped it straight down.
“Anything?” said Alex, waiting.
“It hasn't gone far. There is something below, not a building. Maybe part of the Fort.”
“Can we climb down?”
“Rope. Find an anchor.”
They looked around the edge of the hole and found a steel re-bar that had smashed through a fractured column of white marble. “I show you how to tie rope, yes? Like on ship, knot must be strong.” He tied one end of his rope in a series of loops that she couldn't quite understand. Then he threw the other end down the chasm. “I will go first,” he said.
He lowered himself over the edge much like he had done on the 'Copter. The rope creaked as it tensed with his weight. She watched the knot, dreaded the thought of it failing, then turned her eyes to Fin as he disappeared into the darkness. His shadow was cast by the glowing stick at the bottom but in a few minutes he was down and looking back up at her.
“Shall I follow?” she said.
“Wait. I will look around first.”
Alex and Moll sat on the edge, watching. Fin moved around in a large circle, kicking the floor, pulling at panels in the metal top, coughing as the dust flared up in his face. The sun began to set. Their journey from the platform had taken longer than she thought it would.
“I have found entrance,” he shouted up to her. “Come down.”
“What about Moll?”
“I will come back up for her. Start climbing.”

When all three of them were at the bottom they began to lose the light. It was suddenly cold down in the chasm and Fin led her to the entrance he'd found. It was part of the wall, similar to the ones in the lower labs, but it'd been torn apart at a junction. They were able to slip through the gap and Fin had placed a glo-stick on a table, illuminating the hallway.
“Where are we, do you think?” she asked.
“I do not have a single idea. A junction in a corridor. The way left is blocked but we can go straight ahead or down some stairs over there.”
“We could do with more light than these sticks. Already the one outside is dead.”
“This I know, but there is nothing to burn down here.” She looked at the table. It had a wooden top but the frame was metal.
“We need to find something that'll burn. Let's press on down the hallway.”
They held a glo-stick up ahead of them and walked on. The hall sloped to the left slightly, turning again to the right where there were several doors on either side. They tried the first but it was sealed shut. The next opened slightly but stopped. They were sleeping quarters and there was a bed with some steel lockers down one side.
“Nothing here,” she said.
The next door was shut tight. Another was open but the room was bare. The next was partly open but through the gap she could see something that looked like a table made of carved oak. “Here, use the crowbar.”
Fin slammed the point between the door and the frame, levering the gap open until they had room to squeeze in.
“Find something to wedge it open with,” he said, sweat forming on his forehead as he struggled to hold it. She found a stool under a dressing table and jammed it into the gap. Fin released the crowbar and the door stayed open. “Smash it up and pass it through,” he said.

Within half an hour they had a torch to light their way and several more in the bag. They had found some old bed sheets and torn them into strips, wrapping them around the table legs to prolong the flames. Alex had also found some of the food cubes Bear had given her which she concluded did not perish or go off. They tasted exactly the same fresh as they did after a few years on the shelf – foul.
The hall went on further and ended with a stairway down into darkness. At the next floor they found even more sleeping quarters. These looked like they'd been occupied recently, decorated with trinkets that were hand made like the things found in the markets.
“Perhaps Tom's sister had lived here on this floor,” she said.
“Who is Tom?”
“A friend. You met him at Greenmark.”
“Ah yes, the blacksmith. He had a sister?”
“So the old man said. She was here with some others, but he never said why.”
They continued on until they reached more steps but this time the roof had caved in and they couldn't reach the next floor down. They wandered around for a while, trying different routes until they came to an open lift shaft. Fin threw a glo-stick down and it disappeared into the dark.
“Too risky,” he said. “We would not get Moll down there safely.”
“What about the stairs near the entrance?”
“We could try.”
They retraced their steps upwards and were glad to feel the breeze on their skin and the smell of air that wasn't hundreds of years old. At the stairs they stopped, sitting against the wall and having something to eat.
“This is a tomb,” said Fin. “It stinks of dust and age.”
“I feel like I’m trespassing again,” she said. “I hated the place before he blew it up.”
“I prefer the sea. I could have stayed with Ordenheim. Waking up to the salty air every day. Why did you have to take me with you? It wasn't so bad. I could have got used to the fanaticism, the ego, the murder and the burning.”
“Really? I think you'd have suited the uniform but I don't think the organised life of a soldier is for you.”
“There were many beautiful women there, Alex. I could have had a harem of my own on that floating paradise.”
“Go back then, I’m sure he will reconsider your application.”
“No, this is much more fun. Stomping around the insides of a dead leviathan, breathing in dust that is as old as the earth. Why would I give this up?”

The stairs went down several floors until they reached a large opening in the walls. Part of the facility had been torn apart by the explosion which they began to realise had done the most damage to the ground beneath; the place itself sinking into the void it had created and shattering like glass. Where ever there were panels and computers there were now only charred piles of debris where a surge had vaporised them. The rest of the facility, the furniture, the rooms, all were left reasonably intact.
“This must have been where most of the equipment was kept,” said Alex. “It's huge.”
They walked across the expanse of area, skirting around a small sink hole in the centre. There were a set of double doors at one end and they passed through them into a smaller chamber lined with sinks and work tables. She looked at the rows of silver taps and felt a pang of sadness as she remembered what he'd said.
“What is it?” asked Fin when he saw her staring at the huge steel doors on the other side.
“Nothing,” she said. “Just a memory. Those were the doors to the surface. Useless now, I suppose.”
“Yes, we're too deep. It's amazing they survived the fall in one piece.”
They returned to the stairs and went lower until they reached another blockage. This one was not as severe as the others and after a bit of lifting they were able to make enough room to squeeze through into the next corridor. At the end was another tear in the wall but as she walked towards it Fin grabbed her and pulled her backwards.
“Wait!” he said, holding the torch up a little higher.
“What is it?”
“Look at the floor!” As she looked she saw that the ground was gone and she'd been moments away from stepping right into the hole. Fin threw down a glo-stick and they watched it drop for a long time before it splashed into the water below.
“What is...?” The light was snatched up by something that scurried along, grunting to itself before breaking it in its clawed hands and throwing it to the floor. Then the light was gone.

*

Fin anchored the rope to a strut poking out of the brick work and began to climb down with Moll on his shoulders. Alex followed, hit the ground and thumbed the spear into life. It's blue light flooded the tunnel and Fin looked at her.
“You had that all along?” he said.
“Yes. Why?” Then it dawned on her. “Sorry.”
“Sorry?”
“Yes, I'm sorry. I'd forgotten all about it. This is only the second time I've used it. Give me a break.”
Fin shook his head and looked down the large piping in both directions.
“These sewers are disjointed, but it looks like they are still able to navigate through them. Let's head this way,” he said and set off with a blazing torch in one hand and his blade in the other. Alex and Moll followed, looking back from time to time, keeping the light of the spear low.
They walked for half an hour, the pipe turning this way and that as it descended through cracks and fissures in the walls. The foul sludge she had remembered was gone; no doubt it had poured downwards as the facility had sunk with the explosion. The smell of a broken latrine hadn't though and twice she gagged on its stench of rotten eggs and cabbage. Fin marched on, stopping at a junction and following the pipes further down in a broad spiral. As they turned one corner they began to notice that the walls were no longer just stone and slime. Alex ran her hands along a clump of sticky mass that had been smeared across the bricks, the finger marks hardened into its surface.
“What is that?” she whispered.
“I do not know,” he said. “These creatures must have done it for some reason that we do not know.”
They continued on and found more and more of the stuff pasted to the sides and even the ceiling of the pipes. It was tacky in places and water dripped from its surface onto their heads. It began to narrow the pipes as it became thicker and soon they were rubbing up against it on both sides.
“We're getting closer to something important to them,” said Fin as they stopped to rest. “It is like a nest or something.”
“You might be right. We may be getting closer to their... warren or something. Like rabbits.”
“Perhaps. Some of this is fresh – like they have repaired damage done by the explosion.”
“Bear could be down here,” she said. “We need to keep on regardless.”

They continued on, taking paths that took them down pipes with more of the substance on them than the others which seemed to lead away from something. After half an hour they began to hear noises. At first they were distant and quiet, like soft mumblings, but then they grew louder. Footsteps down the many passages on either side of them could be heard.
“They're waking up,” she said.
“This I know.”
They climbed a set of steps up to a small room where the sickly green paste was thickest. The opening was small because of it and they had to crouch to get inside. There were more openings in the room and they looked inside each one, hearing whispered moans.
“Alex, look,” said Fin. She saw over his shoulder small pink forms squirming inside large piles of the green stuff, wriggling and trying to escape from the gooey prison.
“Babies,” she said. “They're babies in a crib.”
“We'd best get out of here as soon as we can,” he said but as they turned to leave they saw something move in the shadows behind them.
“Intudesch!” it groaned. Alex froze in terror as the figure squeezed in through the hole, its long claws glinting in the light from the spear. “INTRUDEMENSCH!”
She thrust the weapon into its skull and pressed the control button, sending a bolt of crackling blue energy rippling through its body. It dropped to the floor in a stinking, smouldering heap and the cocooned spawns began to wail.
“Run!” said Alex and pushed herself through the hole and back into the pipe, running as the first of the giants came thumping in from another direction.
“Mensch!” they screamed, giving chase. Some of the smaller monsters began to run on their fat legs, claws flaying the air. They followed the tunnel for as long as they could, then turned a hard left where the pipe had broken open and part of Longsteel had fallen in. The opening was large enough for them to clamber into the room and Alex threw herself inside, dragging Moll behind her.
“Hurry, Fin,” she said as he stood there, covering their escape. The first of the small creatures appeared and he buried his blade deep into its neck. The next swung its claws in a wide arc and he ducked, hacking away at its legs. When it collapsed he dove forward and rammed the point of the weapon into its chest. “Fin!” she yelled and he jumped up into the opening as the first of the giants appeared. Grabbing his coat she dragged him inside as the giant's arms reached into the room. She thrust the spear into the palm, giving it a jolt of energy and it recoiled. Fin was already looking for something large to block the hole with and he found it – a filing cabinet which he dragged into place just as the giant found the courage to try to climb inside. Alex jabbed its eye and it fell backwards, wailing, and Fin slid the cabinet into place.

*

The room had once been part of Longsteel. It was slanted now, having fallen into the sewer after the explosion and all of the furniture – tables, chairs, steel cabinets and wall hangings had slid towards the far side. There was an opening behind them that led upwards at a strange angle. They'd disturbed the thick layer of dust that had collected on everything and Alex began coughing as Fin moved some of the rubble, throwing it on top of the cabinet that kept the monsters out.
“Let's get to that door and see where it leads,” he said. “But I fear we're lost down here now, Alex. Do you even have a plan?”
“I thought I did back on the surface. But now, if I'm honest, I don't know what to do next. I thought...”
“He would just appear in front of us?” She nodded. “Well, I do not think he is going to. Come on, let's at least get out of here and try to get back to the top again, yes?”
Together they cleared away most of the debris and looked through the opening.
“There's another hallway going up, then a room. Let's see if we can climb it.”
The hallway was so slanted that they had to hold on to any ridges or hand-holds they could find, pulling themselves upwards. Moll scrambled up behind them easily enough and at the top they saw that the next room was rather level. It appeared to be some kind of medical chamber, something similar to the room Bear had taken her to the last time she'd seen him alive. There was all the same equipment that the Promethean Platform had had when they'd been given the injections.
“This is creepy,” said Fin. “But as good a place as any to rest. It must be night time outside, I can feel myself getting sleepy. There are beds here, which is fortunate, no?”
They sealed the door behind them with more furniture, then did the same with two other doors on either side. When they felt safe enough, Alex chose a bed and sat down to eat, feeding Moll some of the dried strips of meat from her bag. Fin had chosen a bed opposite and he led out flat with his hands behind his head, giving a loud sigh of satisfaction.
“It has been a long time since I have slept on a bed,” he said. “What about you?”
“Not since I was home,” she replied.
“You have a home?”
“Yes.”
“Where?”
“I don't know,” she said, laughing.
“You don't know where you live?”
“I don't know what you would call it, only where it is if I walk to it.”
“Oh,” he said. There was a pause as he thought it over. “Is that why you draw maps, yes?”
“Yes, it is.”
“You give names to places? Names you don't know?”
“I try not to,” she said. “I ask around, see what people agree the place might be called.”
“Let me see.” She took out the book from her bag and passed it to him. He leafed through the pages, then gestured for her pencil. “This place here, this is north of Old Trading Post?” He wrote the name down, doing the same for several small villages and towns she'd seen. Then on a blank page he drew an outline of the south ranging from the City of Glass and Bone all the way to the east to Sinosi; marking out other places he knew and filling in small lines of information above their names. She watched, fascinated, asking questions as the pencil flew across the page.
“How far in walking days from Sinosi to here?” she asked. He began writing estimates on the towns, how far from one town to another. After an hour or so of questioning, Fin handed her the book and the pencil with a smile.
“Perhaps you make a big book for travellers. Useful to all who walk the land.”
“Perhaps,” she said, settling into the bed. “Perhaps.”
Chapter 22

THE SURVIVORS OF LONGSTEEL

It was a pleasant smell that woke them. The stench of the sewers had clung to her nostrils long after she'd gone to bed, but this smell cleared all that away. It was full of hot baking bread and it drifted from the other side of the room towards them in waves.
“How long do two people need to sleep for?” said a voice from the darkness. Alex shot up out of bed, grabbed her spear and fumbled around the shaft feeling for the switch. “Slow. Very slow, Alex.” The blue light shone into the corners of the room, to a figure stood beside a hot griddle.
“Who are you?” she asked, climbing out of the bed. That was when she noticed that Moll – who had been asleep at her feet – was no longer there. “Fin!” she called. “Get up.”
Fin appeared from under the blankets, looked at her, then at the man beside the griddle and rolled over. “Let me sleep,” he said. “It has been a long time since the Old Man cooked breakfast for Finley.”
“Who?” she said. The man took the cakes off the grill and divided them up onto three plates. Alex saw him throw a piece to Moll who sat at his feet, then walk over to her. As he came into the blue light he offered her a plate, the eggs still hot from the pan and the bread crisp and buttery.
“Breakfast is served,” said Bear. It was him, she was sure, but his hair had gone, burned away by the explosion and only now starting to grow back. His beard was shorter, too, and there was a long scar down his face that crossed one eye.
Alex grinned. “Deep down, I knew,” she said.
“Like I said, I’ve survived worse. Did you doubt it?”
“I guess I did.” He cocked his head towards the sleeping Dalesman.
“And as I hoped you would, you found Fin.”
“It's a long story.”
“The best ones are, little one. Yet I’m a lot clearer now on how ours will end.”

As they ate, Bear explained what had happened from the moment he'd closed the door on Alex and sent her home.
“After you'd gone I searched the archives to see what had happened to Tom's sister,” he said.
“You never explained why was she here,” said Alex.
“It was many years ago when Tom, Marianne and myself came here. It was after we received word that the creatures that live down here, in the sewers, were migrating west to occupy caves there. A town had settled along the Iron Road...”
“The what?”
Fin answered, shuffling out of his bed, “The Iron Road was a trade route for scavenged metals taken off a huge ship on the south-east coast. There was so much of the stuff that people began to travel down there to take a share for themselves. It became known as the Iron Road after that and it ran right through the ruined city all the way up to Greenmark.”
“It did, until the creatures came up out of the sewers and began murdering anyone they found on the road. After a few months of this the people of Ironmouth sent word to any Dalesmen they could find to come and help push them back down into the ground.”
“I've heard of Ironmouth,” said Alex. “A man in Haster's Fell mentioned it.”
“It's a town full of ghosts now, yes,” said Fin. “Nobody has lived there for over thirty years.”
“Why?”
“When we arrived the monsters were in full migration. There were many in the streets of the city and more were following but there was no way we could allow them to migrate west. To have so many above ground would have meant the south would eventually be off-limits to humans. As you know already, they're savage killers with very little interest in making friends or sharing land. No one wanted to wipe them out, somehow that didn't seem fair. They had risen out of the ashes of the old world and as long as they remained in the sewers then one day there might come a generation more intelligent than the last, one who would be willing to communicate perhaps,” said Bear.
“Seems unlikely,” said Fin.
“Humans were once savage, unthinking apes...”
“Some might argue they still are,” Fin replied. “Still, I agree, the things don't deserve extinction just yet.”
“So all we had to do was find a way to drive them back underground,” continued Bear. “The only way was to make surface life unbearable for them, kill enough of them to force them to reconsider. So I took Tom, Marianne and a few of the Dalesmen with me and we set up traps across the city. They are pack creatures, usually roaming in small scouting parties. We did our best to limit our kills to the leaders – giants with markings and odd bone decorations. After six months they began to recede, at the end of the year they had stopped surfacing all together.”
“Wow,” said Alex.
“We suggested that the Iron Road be closed. The metal had dried up and it seemed a waste of life to still have people wandering through the ruins. Ironmouth soon lost its main source of income and the townspeople weren't sure how to survive the next winter. That's when Marianne suggested that the town relocate to the Fort and live in its upper levels.”
“She knew about the Fort?”
“A select few did back then, I saw no threat in people knowing. As long as the lower levels remained sealed there was no danger. Marianne offered to stay and act as guardian to make sure that the Fort was kept sealed and that the creatures did not surface again without us knowing.”
“So when you found out that Ordenheim had taken the Fort...?” said Alex.
“I knew then that they'd either fled or been killed. As it turns out the computer recorded the whole thing.”
“I know,” she said. “Ordenheim had seen us enter the lower labs.” Bear seemed to flinch and she remembered they hadn't yet told their story. “I'll explain after,” she added.
Bear frowned, then continued. “I knew he could from where he'd built his base, but I knew he was still unable to reach us. When I checked the records I was able to watch the whole episode. In some ways, I wish I hadn't.”
“What happened?” said Fin.
“It showed Ordenheim arrive by 'Copter. He offered Marianne terms of surrender, but she refused. She was shot instantly, the rest taken prisoner and conscripted into his army.”
“That's horrible,” said Alex.
“It was then that I decided the Fort had to be destroyed. Deep down, in the lowest level of the facility, the solar collector cells are stored. These hold all the power collected during the day by the panels placed all around the city. I was able to overload four of the eight cells I could get to, the others were broken somehow, maybe with age. This gave me a few hours or so to confront Ordenheim.”
“You went up and opened the doors?” said Alex.
“I had to meet him, confront him. It wouldn't accomplish much, this I knew, but I wanted to at least try and persuade him from his plans.”
“And?” said Fin.
Bear shook his head. “He laughed. How could I keep the world in the dark ages while all this technology lay unused beneath our feet, he'd said. In the end, once he realised that the facility was about to be destroyed, he fled to his 'Copters and escaped.”
“Too bad,” said Fin. “The explosion might have solved our problems early.”
“Not quite. Killing Ordenheim will accomplish nothing at this stage. Besides, the four cells detonated shortly after but only succeeded in sinking most of the city. The blast fried all the equipment and the structural damage can never be repaired. I'd hoped the full explosion might have vaporised the place but it was not to be. Instead I survived, trapped underground for three months.”
“That must have been hard,” said Alex.
“It was. I spent a long time trying to find a way out but in the end it was those things that freed me.”
“How?”
“They came after me. They could hear me above them and they began to dig until finally they broke through the way you came in. I could have hugged them if it wasn't for those claws. I slew a number of them and they stopped coming, but my escape route was there and a week later I returned to the surface.”
“So there is a way out then?” said Fin. “I was starting to think we were trapped down here.”
“It took some finding but eventually I made my way to the streets. Or what's left of them.”
“So why didn't you come and find me?” said Alex.
“Winter had set in, the snow was thick. It would have been stupid to try and travel in that. I had plenty of supplies down here, so I waited. I'd planned to come in the next few weeks but you showed up first. In a 'Copter. Which is where you explain how you've spoken to Ordenheim?”

Alex recounted her tale, the trip home, Ordenheim's men, meeting Fin and deciding to try and join their army. When she reached the conversation with Ordenheim the expression on Bear's face turned grave.
“He was very convincing,” she said. “I was almost persuaded. Until you told me about Tom's sister.”
“Ordenheim wants to build an empire – no matter who he has to kill or what damage he has to do. He believes that the greater good triumphs over all and that no matter what the cost is he'll make everyone pay it.”
“In some ways I find myself agreeing with him,” said Alex. “It's obvious that medicine and machinery is what we need, people don't want to die of an illness that has a cure, or risk their lives doing something a machine can do.”
“But the cost will mean that people will be slaves to it under Ordenheim's regime. Freedom will be the first coin to be spent. He'll need an army to maintain control, a work force to start rebuilding the factories, to dig up the old equipment. He will enslave as many as he can in order to lay the foundations of the past – all because he has decided that it's in the interests of the 'greater good' of humanity.”
“What about this 'Talos',” said Alex. “There were soldiers in the army who flew with us to the Platform, they spoke about him being in charge of Ordenheim's armies. What do you know about him?”
Bear shook his head. “Nothing. There was nothing on the computers, nothing at all on the cameras either. I heard the name mentioned but that was all.”
“Malcolm, the one who seems to be able to form some kind of rebellion out there, he said they were like the sun and the moon – you couldn't defeat one without defeating the other,” she said.
“He may be right, but there's not a lot to go on just yet. We know he commands the troops, but where he is or how he operates has yet to be discovered.”
They were quiet for a while, thinking to themselves what lay ahead. It was Fin who first broke the silence.
“Is he right?” he asked. They both glared at him. “I'm just saying that perhaps he is right. This might be the only way.”
“No. It might achieve the end result but the cost is too high. Left to its own path, humanity will rise again. It has before. But it's spent millennias fighting these kinds of people. Dictators. Terrorists. Fascists. Through all this, freedom has prevailed. I won't see it crushed under the boot of a man like Ordenheim. Not now, not with this long line of history behind us, watching to see if we have it in us to carry on the fight.”
“So what's the plan?” said Alex.
“It's an old one, the same plan we had for those creatures. But first we need to get out of here.”

*

Within an hour of finishing breakfast, Bear led them to another chamber, this one more of a store room for the medical facilities. It was lined with shelving reaching all the way up to the ceiling and filled with crates of supplies. Bear began to pass out extra food – more pink cubes and anything else he felt was useful. Then they returned to the hole which Fin and Alex had escaped the creatures through and began to clear away the barricade.
“They're still on the other side,” said Fin. “Waiting for us, no doubt.”
“I'll go first. We need to get past them and make our way down towards the hive,” said Bear.
“I don't like the sound of that,” said Alex. When the cabinet moved a set of claws shot up through the gap and missed Bear's face by an inch. He thrust his blade into the darkness and there was a scream and a spurt of blood. Then he followed it down through the hole. Alex went next, her spear glowing in the darkness and no sooner had her boots hit the floor than they were upon her.

Her spear whistled through the air and tore out the throat of a giant. She spun, swinging the spearhead in an arc and slicing deep into the chest of a small hunter. Fin and Moll joined her then, his blade shimmering through the blue haze and decapitating the nearest monster in one blow.
“This way,” cried Bear and he sped down the pipe and deeper into the creatures' lair.

They were quick to follow despite the dead piling up at their feet. At a junction they collided with a band of four giants who looked dazed until the first one fell into a smouldering pile of electrocuted meat. Bear launched a furious bolt of energy from his staff and another fell, the third scorched in the blast but who rushed to meet them head on. Alex halted its advance, jabbing its head and drawing blood from its brow. The huge arms swung at her wildly, yet she was able to hold her distance. The thing lunged straight at her in frustration and she thrust the point into its shoulder, let loose a burst of power and ducked another swing. It tried to wrestle the spear from her grasp but she hit it again and again with crackling bolts of energy until its hands smouldered.
Finally, the giant threw itself forward and kicked outwards, exposing its ribs and Alex side stepped away, ramming the spear between them. The creature roared in pain and collapsed onto the floor. She leapt onto its back and killed it with a final blow to the skull.
Fin and Bear were still trying to bring another of the giants down. It was bleeding heavily from its knees where Fin had ducked the attacks and ran under its arms. Bear was causing more trauma to its chest but as it reached to grab Moll, the giant leaned too far forward and Fin was able to slice upwards across its groin. Bear brought it down just as it swung its fist and slammed him into the wall. Bones crunched and some of the brickwork came away but Fin was upon him and together he and Alex drove the creature to the floor; leaving her room enough to plunge the spear into its heart sack.
Bear pulled himself up off the floor with a sickening crunch of bone. “This way,” he said and led them right, the floors sloping even further down.

An hour passed like a year in the darkness. It seemed like an endless stream of creatures were thrown at them from every corner and turn. As they came to the deepest part of the sewer they found themselves running across an enormous open chamber. It was lit with a dozen crude torches and the eerie orange glow set their hearts racing.
“Quickly, across the other side is a ladder to the surface. By sheer luck it's the only one not buried under the rubble,” said Bear. A giant stepped in front of them and Alex skewered it with a single thrust, discharging the energy through its flesh. It burst into flames, falling sideways.
On the other side the ladder waited. Bear ushered Fin up it first, then Alex.
“I'll follow with Moll,” he said. “Make sure it's clear up there.”

The breeze from above was cool and sweet as they both climbed out of the tomb and into freedom. Bear quickly appeared, thrusting Moll out onto the road and launching himself up through the hole. Once they'd all taken a deep breath of the night air and made sure they weren't being followed, Alex leaned on her spear and sighed.
“There is an experience I won't be rushing to repeat,” she said.
“Let's hope you never have to. Come, let's get on,” said Bear. “We walk until night fall, then we rest during the day. Those creatures are loathe to travel during sunlight for fear of what happened to them the last time.”
Alex quickly realised that their journey through the sewers had taken them close to the edge of the ruins on the north side and when the sun began to rise on the rubble they were well on their way back into the woods, heading back to the north.

In the morning they found a thick forest of beech and oak which was carpeted with a spongy mass of leaf litter. They made camp in the shade and took shifts in watching for followers. Alex slept well that day, warmed by the sun and the soft ground, snug in her bedroll knowing that Bear wasn't dead, that her friend had survived against the odds. She felt that there was hope now in defeating Ordenheim and if not ending his long life, then at least limiting his power.
As evening came they broke camp and continued north. It wasn't long before Bear struck a course west towards the Old Trading Post and in the days of walking that followed they saw very little of anything other than the birds in the air and the animals living in the forests.
Chapter 23

THE BEGINNING OF THE END

They reached the Old Trading Post and Bear stood on the main street surveying the carnage. Rain had finished most of the structures off. Charred beams lay in piles half buried in a muddy swamp. He walked along, Alex following behind, disturbing the ruins here and there.
“The pit is over there,” she said feeling her stomach clench. She didn't want to see it again if she could avoid it.
“They killed the entire town?” asked Fin. Alex simply nodded.
Bear led them to the building Jack had lived and worked in. There was nothing left. Then he turned, heading out towards the site of the huge fire pit. Alex stopped short, waiting as Bear and Fin walked on. She could already feel the hot tears stinging her eyes, see the bodies of the dead soldiers she'd thrown in after killing them.

A few minutes later they returned to her. She looked at his face and saw the tracks on his stubbly cheeks, the pain in his eyes like a man who feels the weight of the responsibility for something he might of prevented.
“And you say something similar almost happened in Oldistown?” he said, composing himself.
“Yes.”
“There is no question now of what must be done.” Bear found something to sit on. “Fin, you'll go north ahead of us. I want you to head to Haster's Fell and get word to as many Dalesmen as you can. This must be kept as quiet as possible but the instructions must be clear. I'll write them down and you will spread them amongst the others.”
“I understand,” said Fin.
“Good. Alex and myself will head north but stop in as many of the larger towns as we can. We must warn them to be ready. In the mean time, where possible, we will... hinder Ordenheim's plans where ever we find them. Understood?”
“Yes, Bear,” they said in unison.
“We can't fight them on level ground,” he said. “Our skill is in the land and the woods so no open conflict. Kill only their leaders but set the others free. Most of his army is made of conscripts who'll be only too pleased to be freed again. Stealth and secrecy will be our greatest strengths on this path and I don't think Ordenheim is prepared for that. We shall use this advantage to push him back, make him rethink his operations here. When he flees, he'll find us only to eager to pursue him to the ends of the earth.”

*

Fin left immediately whilst Alex and Bear left the Old trading post and headed north-west towards the towns and villages between themselves and Morgan's Town. Summer was in the air as they struck a path through the forests that soon swept down into the valleys of Alex's own land – a land she felt was as near to a home as she had ever had. Spearheart's land was now a distant memory and if she had ever seen it as a home there was no trace of that feeling any more. It'd been purged out of her like poison sucked from a wound.

The first signs of people they came to were near a sandy beach head and they approached it from the south, following the path of the cliffs that looked down on the sleepy fishing village. A blue sky hung overhead and the gulls sqwarked by noisily as they followed the narrow path down amongst the small white houses that rested on the beach. The air was cool down there and salty. It would rain later that day.
“Hello,” said Bear to a man who was sat outside his house drinking tea and watching the fishermen bringing their nets in. “Who's in charge around here?”
“Who's asking?” the man replied. “Had a lot of strange folk around here of late. Not all of them friendly.”
“I'm Bear, a Dalesman.”
“I can see that. Not been many of you around for a while. You want to speak to Sean and his sons, they're the ones who do the talking.”
“Where can I find them?” he asked.
“There,” The man pointed out to sea, to a small boat floating half a mile out. “They won't be in for a while though.”
“Where can we get a drink while we wait?”
“There,” The man pointed to another building further down the beach, one made from red bricks and set a little higher than the others. Bear nodded thanks to the man and set off along the shore.
“There was a time when my folk would have been welcomed by men like that. Now look at us, at a time like this, virtually shunned when we're needed most.” said Bear. Alex had felt it.
“Why the change?” she asked.
“I think they just lump us all together. Ordenheim's men, the creatures, the Dalesmen. People who disturb their way of life. They weren't complaining when we killed the wolves at their doors in winter. Or when we warned them of the storms in summer.”
“It sounds like they've had guests already from what the old man was saying. Do you think...?”
They came upon the Inn and someone came out dressed all in black and wearing one of the caps worn by Ordenheim's men. She watched Bear climb the stone steps out of the sand and stop a few feet in front of him. She held back, her heart in her mouth waiting to see what would happen.
“You're new here,” said the soldier.
“Aye,” replied Bear. “Looks like you are too.” Three more came out of the Inn and stood behind the first. They looked confident, drink-tough. They were laughing to each other but stopped when they saw them stood there.
“Is there a problem, sir?” one of them asked the soldier. “More conscripts, perhaps?”
“Nah, these two aren't hard enough to join our team,” said another. “I didn't sign up to fight along side girls and old men.”
“Neither did I.”
“I don't think they'll be any trouble,” the leader replied, then, looking at Bear said, “Will you be?”
“Not yet,” he said and stepped around them and went into the Inn. Alex hurried past them without making too much eye contact and went inside.

It was dark around the bar and only a couple of candles attempted to change that. Some of the fishermen sat eating a late breakfast as they walked in.
“What will it be?” the land lord asked.
“Two cups of ale and some breakfast,” said Bear. Alex suddenly felt hungry having only had some apple that morning and she wasn't about to let those soldiers kill her appetite. They sat down and in a few moments two large mugs were brought over filled to the brim with a golden foamy ale. Then the cook appeared with two plates of fried fish and fresh bread.
“Any news?” asked the land lord.
“I was going to ask you the same question, sir,” said Bear.
“We've heard the Old Trading Post has been razed,”
“From those lot?”
“Aye. Is it true?”
“Yes. Myself and my friend here have come from there. It's nothing but burned wood and rubble now.”
“Was it...?”
“Aye.” Bear downed half of the mug. “What is this town going to do about it?”
“What can we do? They're demanding half of our catch be shipped north to one of their camps. We can't afford to lose so much fish, it'll be the end of us. They've threatened to do the same to us as they have done to the Post.” Bear nodded and Alex watched as he continued to eat. The people in the Inn were still looking at him as he ate, looking for a glimmer of hope.
“You're a Dalesman?” said an old man from the back of the Inn.
“Aye. That I am. And so is my friend here.” Alex flushed hot red. She hadn't even thought about it before, but perhaps now she was at least on her way to becoming one.
“Aren't you going to do something?”
“Yeah,” said another. “Can't you help us?”
Bear stopped eating and looked around the room. “Can people not help themselves when strange folk march into their town and make big demands? Can't people dirty their own hands, or must it take a Wanderer to do it for them?”
“What are you suggesting?” asked the land lord.
“I'm not suggesting anything. I'm merely saying that if this were my town then those soldiers wouldn't have left this Inn,” said Bear.
“What about their boss? Won't he come looking for them?”
“Not if someone were to say they had moved on to the next town... as planned...”
The Inn went silent. All that could be heard was the sound of crispy bread breaking and tearing. The sound of them eating and drinking whilst the idea took shape. Then slowly the Inn began to empty. Alex watched understanding dawn.
“So I’m a Dalesman now, then?” she said. Bear smiled.
“I suppose so. You look like one.”
“Thanks. I think.”
“Once we've finished I think we'd better move on. Did you mark this place in your book?” he asked.
“Yeah, but not the name,” she said and turned to ask the land lord what the name of the village was.
“Moranefin,” he said. “Been here since the early days, or so the people say.” She found her map book and added the detail.
“Thanks,” she said. “How far are we from the next village?”
“Take the coast road north until you see it. You won't miss it,” he replied. There was a crash outside, the sound of screaming and then a sudden silence. Neither of them flinched but the land lord went to the window to look. After a few moments one of the fishermen came in and said to the land lord, “They were heading east next, to Arafan. The leader told us.”
“Let's hope they believe us when they come looking,” he replied.

When they made their way back up the side of the cliff, the bodies of the soldiers were being loaded into a paddle boat. Alex decided that the fish would be well fed tonight. She added a note to her book not to eat at the Inn for a while.

*

Most of the villages had yet to see any of Ordenheim's soldiers. They walked the coastal path north and soon a location of a large camp was being put together by the fragments of tales found in the Inns of these tiny pockets of people. Alex consulted her maps often, trying to pinpoint where it could be.
“It has to be somewhere near the coast,” she said as they camped one night at the feet of a mountain range east of the sea.
“What makes you think so?” asked Bear, poking the fire and turning over the small griddle cakes cooking on a hot stone.
“The last three villages all saw the men marching from the north but not along the coastal path. They'd taken the route between these two peaks,” She held up the sketch of the area she'd drawn. “The mountain on the west side, nearest the coast, blocks off the coastal path about a mile afterwards. If they were coming from the west they wouldn't take this route at all, it would be pointless when they could avoid both peaks by coming from... here...” she used the pencil to trace a path from the right of the page.
“Makes sense to me. They avoided the beach, tides perhaps being the reason, but they wouldn't have walked around the entire range just to make it look like they were coming from the coast.”
“Exactly. So I think if we take the coastal path but then climb the side of this mountain here,” She indicated it with a wave of her hand, “then we should get a good view of the coast for miles, maybe enough to see signs of their camp.”
Bear passed her a cake and she returned her book to her satchel. They ate under the stars in silence, each lost in their own thoughts. Alex piled meat and pieces of onion traded from the last village onto her griddle cake and bit into it, still wondering if her understanding of the maps was correct. It was Bear's question that broke her line of thought.
“You understand that we won't be going to your house,” he said. She nodded. She'd hoped that it would be possible, but even she knew it would be stupid. She'd been lucky to escape Ordenheim – despite the fact that she'd lied about the medicines. Only Daphne and her brother knew where she lived and if she was followed somehow then Ordenheim would have the medicines.
“I understand,” she said. “So what are we going to do when we find the camp?”
“Offer terms of surrender. Take it from there. You okay with that?
“I think so.”
“They're poorly trained. For now we'll always have the advantage until Ordenheim begins to think like a General. He's a scientist and knows nothing about war. His men might follow him for now but every time we strike it weakens his control.”
“But what about Talos? We've yet to see something of this Commander.”
“He might be at this camp, who knows?”
“Perhaps. It's a strange name. Talos. Where does it come from?”
Bear laughed, struck the coals of the fire and sent sparks into the air. “He was a guardian who would throw rocks at people to keep them away from somewhere, I don't remember exactly where. Some say he was killed by letting his blood out of his ankle.”
“What's that got to do with Ordenheim?”
Bear shrugged. “It sounds good, I guess.”
“Better than calling him 'Alex' I suppose. I hope he's a good shot.”
“With what?”
“His stones. Maybe he throws stones better than I throw my spear.”
“We'll see.”
They laughed a little and watched the fire spit and crackle. The smell of the smoke from the green wood was pleasant and Bear threw some more branches on.
“How far are you prepared to go?” she asked.
“To his front door. Until I stand face to face with him. Beyond that, I cannot see.”
They were silent after that. The fire munched and hissed as Bear threw more branches on it. He was different, she concluded, as she looked across the flames at him. Longsteel hadn't just burned his hair, it had seared his soul. For a man who claimed to not use terms such as 'good' or 'bad', Alex could swear he looked like a man who had been seriously wronged.

*

The camp was exactly where she guessed it would be. They stood on the side of the mountain looking north to a pillar of black smoke that coughed ash. It was coming from a fire pit in the centre of a ring of brown canvas tents, some large, some small, but across the camp were flag poles depicting an upturned 'U' of red on a field of black midnight.
“What's that?” Alex asked.
“A letter – Omega, the last letter in the alphabet of a long dead people.”
“Why?”
“Because Ordenheim sees himself as the 'Last Man' from a forgotten time, perhaps.”
“So he's dismissed the rest of you lot, then?” she said, laughing. “It's very pretty.”
“The flag of a humble man,” he said with a smirk.
Alex could see the coast from where they stood and she saw boats coming and going from a makeshift jetty near to the camp. They were off loading large bags and crates – supplies for the soldiers. They sailed away to the south and more were coming up the coastline.
“They're being supplied from Sinosi,” said Bear. “That's not good.”
“I thought Sinosi only trade with Sinosi?”
“Exactly. It probably means that they've taken over the port. And the Saravan harbour too. That's if the supplies are coming from the Promethean Platform like I suspect they are.”
He sat down behind a cleft in the rock face and she joined him out of sight of the camp.
“What are you thinking?”
“They own the seas. They must be sailing around the coast clock wise from the Platform. Yes?”
“That bit makes sense.”
“Okay, so the only harbour capable of carrying that large a ship is the Saravan. Get that map book out.” She rooted in her satchel and handed the book to him. He began to draw a rough outline of the coast, marking the camp on the west coast, then Sinosi in the south-east, round to the Saravan in the east and including Fenshirk.
“So it's a supply route,” she said. “Starting at the Platform, then round to this camp.”
“But they're turning round here and going south again which means they aren't supplying anywhere north of here. Why?”
“Perhaps some are sailing north from the platform instead.”
“Possibly, but after Oldistown there are no harbours, only fishing villages. I might be guessing here, but I don't think he has the man power to spread out so thinly. I think that for now this is as far as he's ventured.”
“It's possible. There aren't enough people to cover this much ground,” she said.
“No, which is why he's destroying most of the towns who give him any trouble. Less to think about.”
“So what do we do now?”
He sat and thought in silence for a while. The gulls soared by overhead while Moll stared up at them, sat on her haunches, yawning. Finally he spoke:
“I'll go down and talk to them.”
“Really?” she said.
“Yes. We can't fight them all. Not even if all the Dalesmen came together and struck each camp at once. As soon as those rifles start firing then my people will run. We must start winning these people back to our side, defeat their minds before their bodies, so to speak.”
“How can you be sure they'll switch sides? From here it looks like they're on the winning side. We've nothing to offer them.”
“Perhaps. But if he's been foolish enough to put more conscripts under his own men then we might stand a chance. But first I'd need to reach them. I can't do that from up here, can I?”
“Well you aren't going down there alone,” she said. “I can't for shame leave you to face those lot while I sit up here.”
“They'll more than likely arrest us, Alex. Are you sure you want to put yourself through that?”
“It's better than living with the shame of a coward.”
She expected him to put up more of a fight and was quite taken aback when he simply smiled, rose from his stony seat and set off down the mountainside with a nod. Both her and Moll quickly followed.
Chapter 24

TALOS

Their sentries met them long before they reached the camp. They came from behind an outcrop of stone and moss and looked to have been taking a break. They were young, not much older than herself, and they carried the rifles like they were made of glass.
“What are you doing here? This place is off limits,” one said. The other stood back, rifle raised but even she could see he was off aim.
“My companion and I would like to speak to whoever is in charge here,” said Bear. “Please could you lower the weapon, it is slightly off putting.” Bear stared him down and the rifle began to droop towards the floor.
“Who are you?”
“I am known as Bear. This is Alex and we are Dalesmen.”
“Aye, we've seen the likes of you before. Clear off before we shoot you - like we shot the last one who came near here.” Alex felt her breath catch in her throat. This was no coincidence, she thought, not with Fin having left only a few days earlier.
“If it's all the same to you, I would speak with whoever is in charge of this camp.” The first soldier smiled, looked at the other and began to laugh.
“Okay then, fancy mouth, follow us and we will take you to the boss.”

They were led towards the camp entrance; one soldier in front, the other behind and they strutted into sight of two guards stood either side of a break in a wooden spiked fence.
“Another couple of wanderers, Jonesy. They want to see the boss.”
“Go on in boys and girls. Make yourselves at home,” said the guard who moved aside to let them in.
They walked a path made between the tents towards one large tent in the centre of the camp. Soldiers moved to and fro amongst the lines, some trying to cook on little fires, others warming themselves beside the largest fire pit dug near the main tent. Alex scanned their faces. They looked tired and scared. Some shook their heads as they walked past, others tried to smile but failed. She felt a sudden swell of despair in the pit of her stomach as the stench of burning wood and fear mingled.
“Inside, gentle-man and gentle-woman,” said the sentry. “You'll find the boss is waiting.”
He pulled the flap across and the stench of rotting meat and sweat slapped their noses. Bear led the way inside and no sooner had Alex followed him than she wished she'd stayed on the mountainside.
“Ah, we have guests!” said a voice from the shadows that lingered around the edge of the inside of the tent. The only light came from a small brazier in the centre of the room and it was down to a few glowing embers. The smell of burning wood did nothing to mask the smell and once their eyes had accustomed themselves to the gloom, to their horror, they discovered the source.
“Fin!” cried Alex, rooted to the spot in terror.
“Yes, it was called Fin. Once,” said the voice. 
His body was slumped in a wooden chair, the skin on his hands and face bruised black and blue with rot. There were rose blossoms of flesh and bone at his knees, his elbows and his feet where he had been cruelly blasted by accurate rifle fire.  His face was twisted in agony and frozen at the point of death where a single round had blown out the back of his skull. It was clear that it hadn't happened inside the tent, but in fact the body had been moved here and placed in the chair.
“Do you like my art? I think it's beautiful. Ironic with a dash of poignancy – don't you think?”
The voice stepped out of the shadows and warmed its hands at the brazier.

For a moment the pain of seeing Fin, the tears that flowed freely down her cheeks, the sorrow, was eclipsed by what stepped into the centre of the tent. It blocked out the feeble light from the brazier and turned its gaze on them – two orbs of obsidian that fell upon them and filled them with dread. It stood beyond the height of any of the creatures she'd seen in the sewers, a towering mass of knitted sinew, bone and muscle. It was certainly a man, there was little doubt, with tanned skin and dark hair greased back upon its scalp and all its limbs were in perfect proportion to its build. But the size was monstrous and beyond anything nature could have made without interference.
Alex felt her heart give way and she immediately took steps backwards towards the door.
“Where are you going, little girl?” it asked, taking a single step towards her. She scrambled for the tent flap as a giant hand closed around her arm and threw her across the brazier, screaming. She felt something break inside as she smashed into the corner of a table. Moll leapt at its neck but was sent backwards by a back handed blow; Bear thrusting his staff upwards into its chest. A burst of blue lightning followed but to her horror the creature absorbed the energy, its skin veined with the same silvery threads she'd seen on her spear. It picked Bear up by his neck, snapped it in one subtle twist, and threw him towards her. She felt their heads crack against each other and she snapped out of consciousness.

*

When she came to, all was darkness. At first she thought she was blind until a few minutes later she realised it was simply pitch black that surrounded her. She was too scared to move at first, scared of discovering the damage done to her body. Slowly she was able to find courage enough to sit up and found all of her parts in tact, working and pain-free. Feeling around in the darkness she became aware that she was underground, four damp walls, footsteps overhead. She was led on a shelf bolted to the wall and she dropped a foot when she climbed down off it. Still amazed to have suffered little or no damage, she suddenly recalled their encounter with Talos. A cold chill ran down her spine and settled in her bowels.
“You're awake then?” said Bear.
“Where are you?” she answered.
“In the bunk under you. Follow my voice.” She felt along the floor until his hand grasped hers. She held him, glad that they were both alive.
“What was it?” she asked. “That thing – it was like...”
“That was our stone thrower,” he said. “There's something I missed. Something Ordenheim has managed to keep hidden from me and I feel like an idiot for missing it.”
“What do you mean?”
“It makes sense. Now I’ve seen it for myself. The creatures under Longsteel, I thought they were just mutated people. Now I realise they were something else, people, but not mutants, experiments.”
“Ordenheim was experimenting on them?” Alex tried to piece it together in her mind, “He was trying to get the medicine from the labs, he couldn't get to it because you'd got there first...” She thought about the conversation she'd had with him on the Platform. “He knew how to recreate it, he was trying to recreate it...”
“The chambers under ground where you saw the embryos, he's been watching them breeding, injecting the embryos with his formulas, watching them hatch and grow and seeing what comes out. That's why they tried to migrate. He's been forcing their development in the direction he wants it to go, modifying it here and there until finally...”
“He got what he wanted: Talos.”
“But he wouldn't have gotten it if it hadn't been for my own stupid mistake,” he said.
“What do you mean?”
“He was missing data, information; the work Longsteel had been doing was still recorded in those computers and he couldn't get to it. The only way he could was if I entered the lower labs and accessed the computers.”
“You watched the cameras to find out what happened to Tom's sister.”
“And in doing so I handed him the last pieces of his puzzle. That monster is my mistake made into flesh and blood. He lured me back so I'd hand it to him on a plate.”
She slumped to the ground next to his head. Her mind rolled and reeled way back from the 'Last Mocha' to that day, her quest, her life in Greenmark, it all blurred into a sickening, twisted mess. Rolls and rolls of events unravelled in her brain until she couldn't think any more. How had it come to this?
“So why did he need the original formula?” she asked.
“I'm not sure. Perhaps it was just part of the trap. He'd expect me to come back to Longsteel to keep it safe.”
They waited in the darkness and time slipped away silently. There were heavy footsteps overhead but they paid them little or no attention. All was quiet until Bear spoke.
“It killed Fin,” he said.
“I know,” she replied. It was the first time either of them had faced that fact; the creature hadn't given them a chance to understand what had happened to him – it had just turned his life into a joke, his body a mockery. “He was my friend.”
They sat there, his breathing loud in her ears. More steps above. Rifles firing for exercise in the distance.
“Sun and moon,” she muttered, reminded of what Malcolm had told her. Joined. Two halves of the same whole.
“What?” said Bear.
“Malcolm said both had to be dealt with if we could stand a chance. I got the impression he wanted us to think more about Talos than Ordenheim. As if...” she paused, the thoughts running into themselves. Is that what he meant?
“Go on,”
“Well, it was almost like he... they already had a plan to do something on the Platform. Rebel. Take it over. But they were worried that...”
“Talos would return to stop them. That's what he meant. Ordenheim would recall him at the first signs of trouble, he'd be the only person he could trust to protect him.” She heard him move off the shelf where he was led. He stood next to her, lifted her to her feet quickly.
“We've got to escape,” he said. “Malcolm was asking for your help. He plans to take over the Platform.”

*

Their cell had been a pit dug deep into the ground. Its lid was made of a lattice of wooden poles and earth and when it was opened to let down food, the guard above was pulled down instantly, his neck broken by Alex's boot heel and his rifle taken. The second guard tried to run but a single shot echoed around the cell and blew out his throat. He dropped to his knees clutching his neck as his life blood gushed out onto the floor. The guard watched them climb out of the pit, saw her boot come crashing down on his temple and send shards of his own skull into his brain.
A third guard was stood by the tent entrance. He saw her aiming the rifle, a single index finger over her lips. He raised his hands, holding his own weapon above his head.
“Our weapons?” Bear said. The guard pointed to a wooden chest on the far side of the room, her spear and his staff stood next to it. He retrieved his blade, returned to the guard and clamped his broad hand over his mouth.
“Where are you from?” he whispered. He released his hand a little so the guard could answer.
“Sinosi,” he replied.
“Do you want to go home?”
“Yes, please sir, yes! I miss my children, my wife,”
“Get in the pit, close it after you and wait until the fighting stops. Understand?” The guard nodded and Bear released him. Immediately he ran towards the hole and disappeared inside.

She found her spear, rammed it into the thigh of a guard running in through the entrance. He squealed like a trapped rabbit, falling to the floor as she withdrew the point and held it under his neck. He went for his own knife and she drove the spear downwards. Bear kicked over a roaring brazier and the canvas of the tent caught fire, going up in a sudden fury of red and orange.
Outside, the camp was now alert to the shots and the flames and some were wandering over towards them as they came out of the tent. Alex blasted the nearest one who commanded them to stop. His shoulder exploded in a fountain of blood and bone, the second round tore out his vocal chords. One came from around the side, grabbed Bear's arm and promptly lost it to a down swing from his blade. Staring at the bleeding stump of his limb he fell backwards and was pierced by the blade with a single thrust that pierced his heart. 
A third, stupid enough to try and wrestle the rifle from her, found the point of her spear enter his mouth from under his chin, shatter several of his teeth and exit through his scalp.
Those who were there only through captivity began to throw down their weapons in terror, some even falling face down in the mud to avoid being killed. 
“Run!” cried Alex, grabbing one by the shoulder and yelling at him. “Run or fight!”
Some rallied to her, taking up their rifles and returning fire on those who'd begun to form a skirmish line behind crates and sand bags. A shot seared along her neck and she spurred forward, mounting the feeble defence line and skewering the nearest soldier. A round slammed into her chest and she turned, plunging the point into him and closing the distance quickly to finish him with her knife. The line broke and soon Bear had fought his way to her. Together they pushed them back as the tents began to catch and go up in balls of heat and terror.
“STAND YOUR GROUND!” The voice of Talos roared across the battlefield and any who'd joined them in the fight turned and fled. “COWARDS AND FEEBLE BEINGS. STAND YOUR GROUND OR I WILL KILL YOU MYSELF.”
He strode across the camp, trampling the burning tents and the bodies of the dead; in one hand he held the blade of a 'Copter forged into a long sword, the other a shield made from the hull of a great ship and beaten into the shape of a skull. He came to within a few feet of them and stopped.
“You dare stand against Ordenheim,” he spat, his men already gathering behind him, their courage renewed. “You will die like your friend did. Screaming in pain and fear.”

Alex stood, the battle now halted, staring across the camp.  Her heart slowed to a steady beat and she could hear it in her ears, feel it in her veins, thumping over and over, beating out time like it had no end. Was there an end? She suddenly thought. 

She saw the wolves. Felt the cold of winter again. The ice. The hunger. 

Driven to run. 

To kill. 
To eat. 
To live. 
To starve.
To die.
To fall.

The little girl had gone somewhere. Where are you, Alex?

“Here, mummy!” she said, running across the field. The wheat. The golden wheat fields, tall as her now, taller by summer.
“Alex, here my baby girl! It's tea time!” The voice again, calling, always calling her.
“Coming, mummy!”
She ran through the gate, down the lane. The sun was in her eyes as the farm house came into view. The dog was barking, always barking. She leapt over the fallen tree, running again, breathing hard, smelling fresh bread.
“Alex, darling. Tea time, my baby girl.”
Through the door, into the kitchen.
“We're taking her,”
“You can have her, she's worthless...”
“No! Not my baby girl, no no no...”
“I need sons, Moira. Not this pathetic runt. You promised me sons,”
“Hubert will take good care of her.”
“No, you can't do this, please, don't let them...”
“Be quiet, Moira,”
“Mummy! I don't want to go... Don't let them...”
“Come with us, Alex.”
“No! I want to stay, I want my mummy, I want my...”

“Home.”

She sprinted forward, spear high, and drove it upwards as Talos swung the blade through the air. She ducked, felt the air sliced apart, and carried herself forward under his arm, firing the rifle at the closest soldier. He fell, followed by another before she emptied the magazine into the third. Talos was turning as Bear sliced into his thigh and the 'Copter blade came round to meet him. He fell backwards and the weapon passed over him, killing three more soldiers and smashing open the head of another.
Alex charged the spear to its full capacity and launched it at Talos. He raised the shield and it struck the face of it, discharging across its surface and causing it to glow with the heat of it. He bellowed in pain and the shield fell to the floor, landing close to Bear who rolled out of its way.
He swung again and this time the blade caught her arm, slicing deeply into the flesh before she could move. She screamed as the pain lit up across her nerve endings, suddenly carried sideways by the blow and falling to the floor. Bear was on his feet now and Talos was coming towards him, raising the 'Copter blade above his head with both hands. He darted to his right and the blade fell, slamming into the mud and barely missing him.
“Coward!” roared Talos. “You are a weak, old man.”
Bear grabbed a rifle as it lay near to him and he fired, emptying the weapon at his head but only a few of the rounds made contact. Talos stumbled backwards and he ran towards him, swinging the weapon directly at the flat of the 'Copter blade as the point lay buried in the ground. The rifle broke against it as the blade shattered and Talos screamed again, his head bleeding heavily.
“You cannot kill me, old man!” he yelled. Alex watched his face begin to knit back together again, the damaged eye crawling back into the socket like a bloody slug. Bear had backed away and was breathing heavily, blood pouring from his arm and a gash on his forehead. She got to her feet and stumbled to her spear, picking it up and charging it again. It hummed with energy and crackled as it earthed with the ground.
“Nor can you kill me, Talos. So what happens now?” said Bear, picking up his staff. “I have seen a thousand winters. How many have you seen?”
“Enough to know you cannot harm me.”
“Perhaps,” he said, slamming the glowing staff into the dirt. “Perhaps not.”

For a moment the smile of Talos' face faltered. He looked at both of them and the smug expression was slowly replaced by one of puzzlement. A handful of the soldiers he had left were gathering by the entrance to the camp and he looked at them, smiled and said,
“Perhaps.”

Then he ran.

Chapter 25

THE HUNT

The camp collapsed in on itself as the night came to an end. The fires ate it all, destroying everything until it'd spent itself and the charred remains were all that was left. 
Alex and Bear watched from the hillside, washing their wounds by a fast flowing stream and drinking as much as they could. From here they'd watched Talos flee with the last of his men, running ahead of them as they struggled to keep up.
“He'll head back to his father. He will try and reach the Platform,” said Bear. “We mustn’t let him.” 
“His trail will be warm, we can follow.”
“Find it.”
They saw their tracks to the north-east of the camp. Huge footprints surrounded by an honour guard of troops in heavy boots with a patterned waffle.
“They're heading north-east. Travelling light. It's over 90 miles to the coast from here,” said Alex, bending down to read the spoor.
“How many?”
“I count over 15 separate pairs of boots. They should be easy to track, especially if they follow the old Peabody road through the mountains.”
“They must be running to put as much distance as they can between us.”
“I agree – the tracks show more weight on the balls of their feet. Their heels hardly touch the ground in places. Still, that thing is huge and will hardly be missed by anyone on the road.”
Bear scanned the horizon. “No sign of Moll,” he said.
“She must have escaped, maybe she's gone back to Greenmark.”
“There's little we can do about that. If she's nearby then maybe she'll pick up our trail and follow. Our hunt cannot wait to find out. Lead the way, Alex.”

They jogged over the lush green land of her home which had sprouted into life despite the trampling done by their prey. The sun was high in a clear blue umbrella of day which filled her heart with a clear purpose. They slipped down into a valley, rose out of the other side and stopped for the briefest of moments to drink from a stream coming down from the peaks. Then they returned to the chase, following the clumsy tracks until the sun set and the night came. A black velvet sky pierced by stars and a silvery outline of the moon.
“Do we go on?” she asked.
“Can we do anything else? Talos is driving on despite our efforts. We can't afford to fall behind. But at this pace I don't doubt that we'll soon meet some of his guards who're unable to continue. The trail is clear enough to follow even in this darkness.”
They sped onwards, sometimes jogging, sometimes walking, then bursting into a sudden sprint. Alex found she didn't tire easily and as the night wore on the miles passed them by. She neither hungered nor thirst, she felt only the need to pursue.
They crested another hill and recognised the landscape of the mid-lands, the rivers snaking through the thick forests, the long sloping hills, even the towns to the north that glinted in the early dawn like dew drops.
“There – look,” she said as they saw five soldiers in the distance dragging their legs like they were made of stone. They limped along the trail, looking back often and trying to spur each other on. Alex led the way down the hillside, running onwards and as they turned to look over their shoulders she was upon them, spear in hand. The first received a violent blow from a bolt of energy, flinging his body into the air in a burst of lightning. The second stumbled to the floor and was skewered instantly, Bear leaping over the body and slicing deep into the back of the third. The fourth tried to fight but his weapon jammed and he screamed when Bear's blade buried itself in his skull. Another blow to his side ended his life.
“Wait!” yelled the fifth. Bear closed his huge hand around his neck and slammed him into the ground. “Please don't kill me!”
“Where is he going?” he growled.
“I... I don't...” The blade fell as swiftly as a shadow and took the soldier's hand off at the wrist. He screamed again and clutched the bloody stump as his life spurted out onto the grass. “He's running for the platform, he's running back to Ordenheim!”
“How?”
“By 'Copter! I swear, please, don't...”
Alex drove her spear through his left eye and out the back of his head. Bear rose to his feet and looked across the glowing horizon as a red sun climbed out of the shadows.
“We can't be far behind them,” he said.
“The track is as fresh as ever and he can't afford to lose any more men,” she replied. “Let's hurry.”

They ran on into the afternoon, stopping only once for water. It was a hot afternoon and the sky was clear as they raced onwards through forest and scrub, hedge and field. Twice they passed the bodies of the dead, executed by the wayside. Again they climbed and followed the tracks ever on, north for several miles, then east to skirt the spine of Peninnen on its eastern flanks. More dead. Afternoon came and went. It was only as the evening came that they followed the trail up a steep hillside and into Haster's Fell.

*

They were waiting for them as they reached the top, the houses already blazing as torches were thrown from behind a rushed barricade of boxes and barrels. The people of Haster's Fell were being murdered as they ran from the inferno, shot down like animals flushed from their homes. Men, women, children, butchered and their bodies thrown in front of the line of soldiers who manned the pitiful defence.
Alex and Bear waited some fifty metres from the line, breathing heavily as the smoke blew in great clouds towards them.
“Run while you still can,” yelled one of the soldiers. Alex couldn't see which. It didn't matter. Any who'd fled with the beast was dead already.
“I say the same to you. Choose the day of your death wisely, fool,” called Bear in reply. “Has the coward fled once more?”
A shape moved behind the line, shimmering in the heat-haze and the glow from the flames. It stood there, towering above its honour guard with a grin on its face.
“We are the same, you and I,” it said. “Made from the same magic.”
“Don't disgust me, creature. We have as much in common as fire has with water.” It  laughed, its face twisted in a cruel smirk.
“How is the air on the moral high ground? A little thin?” it said. Then it threw something into the air that landed near to their feet with a wet squelch. “A gift,”
Alex could make out the features of a dead baby, bloody and torn.
“Death. Life. It's all the same to me,” said Talos. “Pointless. Let Ordenheim have his 'future'. I'm just in it for the sport. Killing you feebles is fun enough for me.” He turned and began to walk away, “Kill them this time, or do not follow,” he said to his men before he ran.
They opened fire as Bear and Alex charged the barricade. The bullets slammed into her vest, tore her coat apart yet still she ran, leaping across the debris and killing three with a deadly stroke from the spear. Bear killed four, hacking the first to death and taking his weapon and blasting the other three. The last two dropped to the floor and surrendered, throwing away their weapons. They were covered in blood and it wasn't their own.
“Did you take part?” Bear asked them. They shook their heads, but when they saw the blood on their hands they began to weep and beg for mercy.
“They killed my Harry!” wailed an old woman who came running from one of the burning buildings. She picked up a piece of timber and began swinging it, crushing the skull of one of the soldiers and then turning on the other. Alex took up her spear, numb, lifeless now, her mind blank from the horror. Bear was behind her, pulling the old woman off the two dead soldiers and trying to console her.
“Alex!” he called as she stumbled after Talos. Her vision was blurring and she realised she was crying. Still she pushed forwards through the mud, tripping over the body of the Inn keeper who'd served her breakfast so long ago. He'd been shielding his son, taking the blows himself, the boy was under him, stabbed and shot. “Alex, stop!”
She curled up in the mud and wept bitterly as the first drops of rain began to fall. 

Bear scooped her up in his arms and lifted her out of it, carrying her away, carrying her down the hillside and into the forest.
Chapter 26

NON SIBI SED ALIIS

They caught up with him on the shores of the border lands fifty miles south of Oldistown. He was waiting on the cliff side, having run for two more days after seeing the last of his men butchered in Haster's Fell. From high up on the hillside overlooking the bay, Alex could see that even his own super-human strength was failing. His chest rose and fell like over worked forge bellows.
They walked down towards him and suddenly, sensing their approach, he turned and wore that sardonic grin once more.
“You're too late. They'll come for me shortly,” he said, rising up again, chest stuck out in defiance.
“You'll be dead by then,” said Bear. 
“You make me sick. Ordenheim was right when he spoke of you – you're determined to keep your species in the dark ages, held back from science and progress. We would see humanity rise once more out of the ashes of fate's judgements.”
“This rhetoric is boring me now,” said Bear. “I've seen humanity at its best – a people enslaved to its own technology, to  lives locked in endless work and obsessed with money and personal gain. The wrong people rising above the rest, making easy lives for themselves off the backs of others. Selfishness being peddled as virtue instead of vice. You'd build your big empire and crush normal people under it. I much prefer mankind as it is now – divorced from its stupid ambitions and free again to live simply and undisturbed by politics or the opinions of mad men.”
“So you admit it then? You belong in this age – the stone age with all your other primitive kind!”
“Better that than what once was called 'living'. Wake up, work, eat, sleep and work again. Constantly at the whim of who ever called me, forced to meet other people's expectations. If that died a thousand years ago then I would have it stay that way.”
The creature spat on the floor in disgust. “Enough of this, I grow tired listening to the ramblings of a sad, lonely old man who has long since out lived his usefulness.”
The creature swung a tired arm at him and he dodged it easily, slashing downwards and cutting through muscle and sinew. It stepped backwards awkwardly and swung again but Bear moved around to his left and slashed again and again drawing blood from several deep cuts across its back and shoulders.
“You fight like a coward,” he said, lurching away from him. “Like the rest of your pathetic kind.”
It kicked out and followed up with an open palm across Bear's face and he reeled backwards from it, blood trickling down from his ear. Already Alex saw that the wounds on Talos were healing and his strength was returning.
“You cannot kill me,” it cried. “Why waste your final moments of life?”
Bear cut over and over again until the creature dropped to its knees and laughed.
“How long can you do this, old man? I told you – you cannot...”

Bear roared a deep, guttural cry that was filled with a thousand years of anger and wrath; his blade sung through the air and buried itself in the back of the creature's neck. He struck again and again and again until his throat was hoarse and his voice croaked and the monster's head was parted from its shoulders. It fell to the floor with a thud and its body followed.
“Quickly, grab the head!”
Alex rushed forward and with both hands dragged the massive lump by its hair away from its body. Already tendrils of flesh and tissue had stretched from the wound to re-attach itself to its neck. Bear hacked at them as she dragged it further and further away until it stopped and lay there, lifeless. Then she limped back towards Bear who was now on his hands and knees spitting blood and taking deep, painful breaths.
“Did you kill it?” she asked, flopping down on the grass. Bear nodded. “How did you know?”
“I didn't,” he muttered as loudly as his voice would let him.

*

Moments later they both heard the sound of 'Copters in the distance. Three black shapes appeared in the perfect blue of the afternoon sky and were growing larger as the minutes passed slowly by. Alex led out amongst the tall grass and had no intention of getting up to greet who ever was coming. After the last few days of running her legs had given up and her stomach ached with hunger. She stared up at the sky and felt herself doze. The wind picked up and blew a cool breeze across her flushed cheeks. The grass smelled fresh and earthy. A bee buzzed past. She didn't even feel the 'Copters land, the soldier step down from the cab, the tap on her boots.
“Is it dead?” said a voice somewhere far away. Alex opened her eyes but they were sticky at the corners.
“Excuse me?” she murmured.
“Talos – is he dead now?”
Alex sat up. She was surrounded by a line of armed soldiers all pointing their rifles at her. The sun was in her eyes and she slowly raised a hand to shield them.
“Who's asking?”
“Ordenheim has fled. We flew here from the Platform. Is the Dalesman here?”
Bear grumbled something, then slowly rose to his feet and helped Alex up.
“What did you say?” he asked. Alex recognised her now – it was Trisha.
“Malcolm stormed the armoury and took over the platform. We were severely outnumbered but we managed to take the command deck just as Ordenheim escaped in a 'Copter. We couldn't get to him in time,” said Trisha.
“Which way did he go?” asked Bear.
“East. In his room we found maps of places we've never heard of before. Books and plans, maps of other bases like Fort Longsteel.”
“Did you see any more like this one?” he said, pointing to the enormous body of the monster.
“No, never. He only came to the Platform once and we've never heard of there being any more like him.”
“You must take us there. Now.”

The 'Copters flew across the rolling sea but this time Alex slept most of the way. Even the news that Ordenheim had escaped wasn't enough to keep her heavy eyes from closing. When she woke, it was just as the 'Copters were landing. It was raining hard as they set down on the pad and the drops hit the floor like bullets.
“Follow me, Bear. I'll take you to his quarters,” said Trisha, who led the way inside. Alex followed but still felt too groggy despite becoming soaked to the skin in a matter of minutes.
They snaked their way down multiple corridors and past scorched walls where gunfire had stuttered across them. Barricades had been dismantled and the patches of dried blood left a bitter reminder of what had taken place only a few days earlier. While they'd been chasing the monster, these brave few had been fighting what must have seemed like a hopeless battle.
They reached the office where Alex remembered being interrogated by Ordenheim. The door had been destroyed and there were black powder marks around the entrance like a great fire had swept down the hallway. It was Malcolm who met them at the entrance and he held his hand out to shake Bear's.
“I'm glad we're having this conversation,” he said as they shook. “Bear, isn't it?”
“Yes. You must be Malcolm.”
“I am. You won't remember me, but I remember you coming to my village once. I must have only been about 5 years old. You helped my Father drive some squatters from his land. I’ve never forgotten that time and ever since then I wanted to become a Dalesman. Instead I ended up tending to flocks,” he laughed.
“You've done a brave thing here, Malcolm. You should all be proud of yourselves,” said Bear.
“It was costly, but thanks. We lost him though, didn't we?”
“Not for long, I don't think. Show me inside and I might be able to tell you more.”
“Most of his things are in the next room,” he said, stepping over the debris. A bookcase made of stained teak was on its side and the volumes were now charred and unreadable. Alex stooped down and picked one up, the title burned away and most of the pages were covered in soot and ash.
In the next room was a large desk littered with sheets of white paper and stacks of note books. Drawers had been rifled through and left open, cupboard doors swung on broken hinges and the drinks cabinet had been looted. On the wall the remains of a large map hung by a single pin – most of it torn and missing.
Bear shuffled through the papers and thumbed a few of the notebooks, shaking his head.
“Anything?” he asked. A leather chair led on its side and Alex picked it up and sat down.
“Formulas. Equations. Calculations to do with the medicine and the experiments.” He sat down at the desk and began to rearrange the piles.
“Is there anything we can do to help?” Bear stopped what he was doing for a moment and looked at him.
“If you could bring us food and drink, that would be a huge help. We may be here some time,” he said.
“Will do. I will see what we can find for you.”
Malcolm left and they were alone. Bear began to read through some of the stacks of paper and, with a pen, began to make notes in a blank pad. Alex watched and her eyes began to sag again. When a soldier came with a tray of freshly cooked stew and bread, Alex ate as much as she could before settling down in the chair to sleep it off.
“It was his plan all along,” said Bear, waking her with a jolt. The empty bowl and spoon rattled in her lap and an avalanche of crumbs tumbled to the floor.
“I'm sorry, what?”
“Ordenheim. He'd always planned to travel east in search of a more permanent stronghold. It's here in his notes. I'm sure most of the important ones he took with him as he ran, but there's still quite a bit here that I didn't know.”
“For example?” she yawned.
“There's good news – without the actual formula from Longsteel, he was unable to properly simulate the original medicine from before the early days. Even with the data from Longsteel's computers, he was only able to create a second variant of the first which resulted in the monster we killed. Thankfully, he was only able to create the one. Others died in hatching or were killed by the mothers of the kind that dwelt in the sewers under the fort.”
“So did Ordenheim make them all, or just the one?”
“The kind we saw last year were Ordenheim's design, yes. The records are here,” he said, tapping the pile of notepads and jotters. “He writes that the earliest species was far less advanced, more like lizards than humans. He'd been experimenting for only fifty years after the event and ever since then to reach the stage that huge monster reached.”
“And you're sure there aren't any more of them?”
“According to this, yes, I am.”
Bear continued to read and Alex struggled to find a way to ask what she had been wanting to ask since the chase began. Deep inside she knew the answer and she wasn't sure what would happen if she heard it spoken aloud. Would it make it any less a reality?
“Bear,” she began. “The medicine...”
He put the books down and sat back in the chair, looking into her eyes. “I couldn't let him find it and if it was still in some bottle somewhere I would never be sure he wouldn't eventually find it.”
“But you never asked my permission...”
He smiled and for a moment she thought she saw tears collecting at the rims of his eyes. “I did, remember? I asked you in the Last Mocha if you were prepared for the fact that you might not like what you would become if you followed me.”
“I remember.”
“So. How do you feel now? Are you the man Spearheart wanted you to be?”
“No,” she replied. She was weeping now and she wasn't sure if it was the exhaustion or the shock of remembering something that had happened in another life time so long ago. “I'm more than that. I never thought my life would turn out like this. I thought I was worth nothing to no one.”
“And now?”
“Now?” She couldn't finish. “I...”
Bear smiled. “I'm glad you grew your hair back.”
Chapter 27

GOING HOME

After several days rest on the Platform, Alex returned to the mainland on a 'Copter and began the long walk home. The pilot had offered to drop her where ever she'd wanted to go, but she'd refused politely, happy enough to walk the rest of the way to clear her head. Bear had chosen to stay behind and continue to investigate Ordenheim's work in the hopes that it would give him a clue as to where precisely he'd fled. They agreed to meet again in the winter.
She arrived in Morgan's Town just as Autumn was fading and winter was fast approaching. She'd heard rumour that since the death of their leader, the soldiers had begun to disband and those that hadn't been lynched had quickly discarded their uniforms and slipped away in the night. So Alex walked into the town freely as she had done once before. There were no guards to stop her, only the burned out remains of the guard hut that were being cleared away as she passed. She strolled down the hillside, following the familiar road to Daphne's house and knocked on the door. 

“So it's all over then?” Daphne asked once Alex was sat down beside the hearth with a mug of tea. “The soldiers, this 'Ordenheim' man?”
“For now, at least until Bear can figure out where he's gone to,” said Alex.
“Well, let's hope he hasn't got the cheek to come back here, this town could do with a little peace for a while. Even though we didn't suffer like...others... it was still scary.”
“Life is returning to normal,” said Rob. “And we have you two to thank for all this, then?” Alex blushed.
“Not quite. There were others too, Malcolm, Trisha, brave people, all of them,” she said. “Many people died because of Ordenheim, good people as well as...”
She stopped and Daphne put a warm hand on hers. “We know,” she said.
But you don't, Alex thought. You don't know the things I’ve done. 
They were silent for a while as she drank her tea and pushed the faces of the dead to the back of her mind where they lived now, where they would always live. Always looking back at her. Accusing. Pleading.

*

A week later she returned to her home with a horse and cart loaded with supplies for the coming winter. She found a guest waiting for her, sat at the door with a lolling tongue and a wagging tail.
“Moll!” she cried, jumping down from the cart as the huge animal ran over to her and leapt up to lick her. She nuzzled her face in her fur and went to open the door and get the stoves burning. 

*

The snow was falling heavily as they watched the men of Redmark slip and slide their way across the ice, small shapes in the shadow of the hills until they came closer to the huge bonfire and the roasting hog. There were no accidents that year, Alex saw, as the last of them were helped up onto the shore by Frostbo's boys. Each was given a cup of warm spiced wine and a blanket by the wives of the men of Greenmark, as was their tradition.
“A cup of ale, Alex?” offered Frostbo's daughter.
“Yes dear,” she said, taking the mug. “Thank-you.”
“They did well, didn't they?” said Marj, looking up at her from inside her fur edged coat and fluffy gloves.
“They did, love. Not one of them fell in,” she replied.
“Pity. Maybe next year,” said Bear with a booming laugh. Tom was laughing too and they clanked their mugs together, sloshing ale onto the snow.
“That's mean,” said Sall. “It means a lot to them, those boys, crossing this big ole' river. Bless them.”
“Bless my arse – they're fools. How long have they been doing this?” said Tom.
“Too long,” replied Bear.
“Exactly.”
“I still remember the boy who fell in once,” said Sall with a grin. Alex laughed and Marj pointed at her father, chuckling. 
She saw Bob make his way to the front of the crowd now gathered around the fire and gestured to Tom.
“Saved by the Frostbo,” he said and walked off to help with the drinks. Bob rapped a staff on the ground and the noise quietened down. He began to sing the first lines of 'The Fool Of Yesteryear' and by the end all were chanting along. Both her and Bear shared a glance at each other and smiled, the tears now flowing freely and happily as the fire roared and the people sang.
“For Fin,” mouthed Bear to her as the song came to an end. She smiled, the memory stinging her as much as the tears.
“For Fin,” she replied.
There was silence after the final line was sung and for several minutes it seemed that there might never be sound again. Only the crackling of the fire and the hiss of hot fat falling from the roasting meat could be heard on the wind.
“As always we remember the past,” Bob began. “Especially this year when on our very roads a great threat came to change our  lives. It was only with the help of a brave few that this terrible course was changed and we can be here today, free and safe from harm.” The people began to clap but Bob raised his arms and called once more for silence. “We remember the past because no one can hope to travel forward safely without often looking over his shoulder. No one can begin a journey without first looking back to where he has come from. But let us remember the lessons of the past that many still refuse to heed. Let us also remember those who have laid their lives down so that we might have a future to go on learning in.”
The village stamped their feet in response. Four times only, in unison as the tradition held. The ground rumbled beneath her feet. It was to remember the dead. For them it was to remember Fin and those who died for the same cause.

They returned to Tom's house and as the girls went inside, Tom beckoned them both to warm their hands by the dying embers of the forge. Moll padded after Marj, shaking snow from her fur.
“Bear and me have made a mends, young Alex. What was done is done and there is little I can do to make that up to him,” said Tom but Bear shook his head.
“Passion and love drove your actions, neither of which is to be condemned,” he said.
“None sense, old man. I was a fool and only by the whim of fate did it not cause more harm. Still, here we are at the turning of the year. Ordenheim?”
“Gone east. I think I've picked up his trail from his writings though.”
“What are your plans then? He can't be left to roam free to do further harm.”
“I'll winter here. Then in the spring I'll make for the End Gate and cross under the sea.”
Alex knew that he would never give up the chase. Nor could he. Left alone, Ordenheim wouldn't stop until he'd achieved what he thought was the only course for mankind. Nor, in fact, would Bear.
“And what about you, Alex? What are your plans?”
She held her hands over the heat and smiled. “I'm going to finish my quest.”

*

Hubert Horatio Spearheart sat at the end of his long wooden table, the boys of his house seated either side of him. Meals were brought in by the women who dodged the advances of the drunken men.
“More ale!” he yelled, slapping the face of the waitress who placed a third plate of meat in front of him. She yelped and ran from the hall in tears. “Get me more ale, woman!”
The night was coming in as the spring feast gathered pace. There were no guards on the doors for they were all inside, drinking and eating and dancing. None saw her arrive. No one saw her except a young woman nursing her baby near the hearth.
“Alex!” she whispered as she emerged from the shadows of the beech tree outside the window. Quickly she gathered the baby up in clothes and left through the scullery door. 
Alex pushed open the huge wooden doors and stood there, her spear glowing with the blue haze of energy.
“Who the hell are you?” cried Spearheart when he saw her standing there.
“I am Alex Hogg. I believe you're looking for me?”
She began to walk towards him, the spear growing brighter as the darkness was pushed aside and her boot falls echoed around the hall.
“Guards!” yelled Spearheart.
“I have something for you,” she said. She took the relic from her bag as he cowered away from her and stabbed the point of it into his meat. “You asked for this in return for your inheritance. I'm here to collect.”
He stared at the thing for a few moments, stunned into a stupor. Then when he realised no one was going to arrest her, his eyes flared in anger.
“How dare you!” he cried. “I said no such thing. No woman will ever inherit my kingdom whilst I live. Relic or no relic. Give my gold mines, my power, everything to a no-good daughter of a whore and her bastard husband! Never!”
Faces turned to look at faces. They were thinking, she realised. They'd heard him say it. Only a relic from the cursed city would suffice. Here was one now, she thought.
“Your words, Spearheart. Your words,” she said to the room. “Are you not a man of your word?”
“I...” He stood up, knocking over the table in his wrath. “Never! Never will I give it to you as long as I live!”
Suddenly he froze, his hands clenching and his face contorting in pain. Then he fell forward, a knife lodged between his shoulder blades. Behind him stood Tommy in the clothes she'd once worn to the 'Last Mocha', a bottle of wine in his hand and a grin on his face.
“That's long enough,” he slurred and smiled at her. “Good to see you again, Alex.”
Chapter 28

THE LAST MOCHA

The Last Mocha was busy that night when Alex walked in, narrowly missing the drunk who was urinating up against the wall. The dwarf was playing the piano whilst a whore sat in his lap. Frank was serving drinks for a change and Moll was under the table again whilst barmaids stepped over Bear's long legs.
“So now you're the owner of an empire?” he said, sipping from his mug as she sat down across from him.
“I was - for about an hour. Then I gave it all away to the maids and the orphans,” she replied.
“How very noble of you,”
Frank came over and set a mug and a plate of food down in front of her. She gave the ham to Moll and tore open the bread, smearing honey all over it.
“So what about the gold mines?” he said.
“There were no gold mines – it was a hoax. And it worked, for a while. But in the end it was to hide the fact that the mines had dried up. There'll be no more coal from Spearheart's lands for a long time.”
“And the other orphans?”
“I've sent them home, to my home. Daphne is going to open her own orphanage in the valley and look after them – and more if needs be.”
“Well, at least they'll be keeping you busy then,” he said. Then they ate in silence for a time, listening to the dwarf murder the piano and Frank gossiping with the locals. None paid them any attention, none were moved to speak. It was as if nothing had ever happened.
“So you're definitely going then?” she asked once she'd finished.
“I leave tomorrow. It's a long way to the Gate and I want to be across the water before winter. I’ve had word from a Dalesman on the other side that his 'Copter was sighted over a thousand miles to the east. Tribals living out in the desert passed the message along by caravan. It's a few months old but it's a good enough start.”
“So the adventure continues?”
“Indeed. I must admit I enjoy the chase, but if I don't go then one day we all might wake up to an army of those monsters. I'd prefer to avoid that if I can.”
“Me too.”
The dwarf fell off the piano stool with a crash and there were roars of laughter from the bar. Alex finished her ale and sighed.
“So what will you do now? Return home to the valleys with all those sheep and kids knocking about?” asked Bear. “Or perhaps see some of the world, write it down in that map book of yours?”
“Well, something like that. I was planning on taking a long journey. I like my house, but Daphne can look after it for me while I’m gone.”
“Anywhere nice?”
“I thought I might go east with an old friend. He's on a quest, you know?”
“Really?”
“Yes, a quest to find a relic from the early days. I think he'll need my help.”
“Really?” he said, laughing. “I'm not sure I agree.”
“Either way, we'll need one of Frank's breakfasts to get us off to a good start, don't you think?”
Epilogue

We followed Ordenheim across most of the known world. I got to see the places that Bear had once seen - lands of sand for as far as any eye could ever see, places where the snow remained all year round, where animals the size of houses walked and lived; even to the point where the land ended and there was nothing but the sea of my own country – full circle. All because of one man.
We fought in the battle of Manosadin alongside the camel riders. We were there when the city of Serath fell and Ordenheim marched his entire army into the erupting volcano of Verasuvana. When he launched his Jets off the coast of the strange lands, we were there, we saw them fall out of the sky - and we knew why. But they are stories that others will tell, in their own way, as I have told mine.
We saw another 63 winters before we drove Ordenheim back into the last of the Forts, Fort Astanon, in the country of small people with different eyes and black hair. When we finally broke through his shield wall, we found him dead already, dead from a gun shot wound that didn't heal. I swear I almost saw Bear smile – not because he was pleased, but because of what it meant for him. It meant there was an end.

Bear died 31 winters ago, grey haired and full of years. I woke one morning as we were making our way back home and saw him still sat beside the fire, smiling. Peaceful. I buried him out there, in the forests of that green land where his home had always been. Sleep well, my old Bear.

Moll and I returned home and found the world had changed. My house was gone and in its place we found the first foundations being laid for a slate factory to work the materials dug from a new mine opened three miles to the south. So we travelled north again, to Greenmark, and found a job teaching letters to the children of the thriving town which had now grown to over three thousand people. It was here that Moll, lost without her Master, passed away several months after we'd settled there. I buried her beside the lake where I'd seen her chase the ducks so long ago, wrapped in my tattered wolf-skin coat. 

I saw the first ever steam powered locomotive depart from the city of Greenmark last month. It was called the 'Red Skater' but I'm not quite sure why. Still, at least Bear would have been proud. I suppose.


Alex Hogg.

