


SOUL AT WAR
A JOHN SHAP NOVEL


BY
MARTYN J. PASS
Copyright © 2013 By Martyn J. Pass

Follow my blog at: http://mjpass.blogspot.co.uk
Twitter: @martynjpass
Email: thegreenfroggy@hotmail.com



The right of Martyn J. Pass to be identified as the Author of the Work has been asserted by him in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. All rights reserved. Any unauthorised reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author.



All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
ALSO BY THIS AUTHOR

AT THE DAWN OF THE RUINED SUN
WAITING FOR RED (with Dani Pass)
THE WOLF AND THE BEAR
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Thanks go to all those around me who made it possible for this work to even reach the final page! If it wasn't for people supporting me and taking the work seriously, I think I would have just packed it in a long time ago. Thanks go to my brother, Dani, who took the time to read through and encourage me to get it out into the public in one form or another. Thanks also to those who read it in its first form on 'Kindle' and gave me some great feedback, mainly Chris Denby who picked up on the character of 'Karen Brand' and demanded to read more of her!


For Mum & Dad.
PROLOGUE

The city burned like tinder.  Flames licked up at the great cloud of smog that engulfed the highest of the tower blocks, a vapor that billowed out of the devastated chemical plant six miles south of my position.  It had received the most severe bombing campaign in the entire war, three nights of prolonged artillery barrage that was designed to leak the deadly mix of acid based fluids from huge underground vats into the water system.  From there it would decimate the entire farming industry, the clean water supply and any hope of salvaging the planet.  The enemy had wanted Pothos from the start, wanted it’s rich agricultural stores to supply their force as it advanced through this sector.  It’s location provided an excellent foothold for them and if they couldn’t have it then they would make sure nobody else could either.
We had been deployed as part of a defense force who’s task had been to secure and protect the third nuclear installation to the north, but when the lander had lost it’s bearings we found ourselves dropped miles from the target and were forced to head there on foot.  The city could not be crossed at any speed as each building was riddled with snipers and we’d lost eight good men from our squad already.
Troops from several other squads were advancing in teams across the war scarred streets, moving slowly between the smoldering heaps of machine and flesh.  Already the piles of fused debris were restricting maneuvers and the fear of traps and mines laid in the wake of the retreating enemy force was growing amongst the men and women of my unit.  Through the steaming lenses of my NBC mask I could make out a few of them as they picked through the mess, uniforms bleached white by the toxic ash falling like snow around them.  They looked like the walking dead.  Ghosts from another war.
"Advance in threes, heavy resistance inbound."  The digi-com crackled in my ear, the voice of the area commander who no doubt was in a bunker somewhere, watching from the floating cameras above the war zone.
"Received, sir,"  I spoke into the throat mike, then hand signaled my number 2.  From cover behind a smashed car he came jogging up, head down and weapon slung.  Talking through the NBC mask was impossible so I waved at my throat mike.
"Yes Lieutenant?"  He responded, his voice broken by interference from the chemical cloud above.
"Advance in threes, keep it tight.  Hostiles inbound."
"Yes sir."  Crouched again, he sped away towards a nearby building and waved out his squad, breaking them up as ordered.
Looking across the landscape, it was hard to see where civilization ended and hell began.  It was as if the two were melting into one, fusing together along the city's edge.  I knew one thing though.  That cloud meant it was over, whether they were retreating or not.  The planet would be dead by the end of the year and our mission to secure the reactor became pointless.  Given the choice I would have turned back there and then and avoided the risk of losing more troops.  But orders were orders.
"Sir, hostiles inbound.  South east corridor,"  The digi-com again.
"Numbers?"  I began to cross the street, passing between two shredded tank hulls that looked like abandoned snail shells.  The blackened skeletons of the crew hung from the hatches, their empty eye sockets staring straight at me, accusingly.
"Twenty or more, one mobile launcher.  Looks like a Tank buster squad sir, must have got cut off from the rest.  Permission to engage?"
"Granted.  Keep me informed."
On the other side was a five-man team ready to clear the last building in this block.  As their squad leader kicked in the flimsy door, I took the next place in line, pistol in hand.  We pushed through quickly, clearing the ground floor in seconds as another round of shells blew the remaining chemical vats to oblivion.  The ground trembled, even this far away.  Dust and bits of plaster fell from the ceiling.
Up a flight of stairs the team stopped and waved me up to the front.  Wallpaper peeled from around a crumbling door frame and the floor was littered with debris.  A lone doll’s head tumbled down the hallway and hit my boot.
"We’ve got movement,"  The squad leader said.
"Where?"  I whispered.  He pointed towards the first room on the left, the only door fully shut and not blown in by the concussion bombings.  I crossed the landing carefully, pistol gripped in both hands, taking deliberate steps in the direction of the door.  I felt the rest of the team spread out into the rooms behind, covering my back in absolute silence.
At the door I was tempted to try the handle, but for some reason I paused.  Something was wrong; something didn't feel right about it.
"Want me to blast it?" The trooper behind me asked.  I waited a bit longer, unable to put my mind at ease.  A trap maybe?  It wouldn’t be the first time a hunch had saved a soldier’s life.  There seemed only one way to be sure.
"No, stand down.  I'll take it."  Reaching down to my belt kit, I pulled a white ball from one of the pockets - an incendiary grenade.  Holstering my pistol I waved back the rest of the team and lifted my boot to the door.  "Clear!"  I shouted.  As the weak hinges gave way, the digi-com burst alive in my ears.
"Sir, there are reports of civilians in...”
The grenade flew across the room and detonated.  Flame belched out of the door as we pulled back away from the immense heat.  As the flames began to die down a sound could be heard over the crackling wood.
“What the hell is that?”  A trooper said.  I strained my ears to hear it and when it was safe to go into the room, I went in.
There was a wardrobe in the far corner engulfed in flames and I got as close as I could to it, realising that the sound was coming from inside.
“Someone’s in there!”  I shouted, throwing myself into the fire and grabbing the brass handles.  The flesh on my palms instantly charred and the pain sent me reeling backwards as my uniform began to burn.  A trooper wrestled me to the floor and began patting down the flames while another kicked over the wardrobe and used a portable extinguisher to put out the blaze.  As the brittle wood came apart, the body of a young boy lay amongst it, his skin melted from his bones.  Above all that he was still breathing, at least for several seconds before he died.
His name was Jacob and he’d been five years old when his Mum had told him to hide in that wardrobe.  For three weeks he’d lived off scraps of food and kept him self alive by playing with his only toy – a stuffed horse.  His mother had been captured by the enemy but had been rescued from one of the POW camps not long after.  I took it upon myself to be the one to give her the news, it seemed only fair.
After that I realised something was wrong.  I felt broken in a way that I didn't think could be fixed again. Straight after I took my leave of the army for good and returned to Earth still not knowing what to do next. 
CHAPTER 1

Shortly after I was on a civilian ship back to Earth.  Most of my team was already moving out of the sector now that the planet had been officially declared uninhabitable.  A fresh faced Lieutenant straight out of the University on Mars quickly stepped in to fill my size elevens, but found a hostile reception once they heard I was packing it in.  
I'd put in for my leave straight away, even though I'd been advised against it.  The Army believes you should tackle a problem like this as it tackles all of its problems - head on.  Take it by the horns, jump back on the horse, get back in the saddle... well, you get the drift.  I tried to tell them, but they weren't for playing.  So they threw the usual tactics at me.  Promotion, extended leave, they even offered me a desk job.  In the end I did the only thing that would guarantee me a trip back home.  I tried to deck my CO.  He was the regiment’s champion boxer and I might as well have e-mailed the shot to him when I found him in the mess hall eating.  He’d gotten up from the table after I’d tapped him on the shoulder (I wasn’t a coward, but I could have saved myself the trouble and whacked him with a pipe where he sat), but when I swung he ducked swiftly, launching his own hammer-like fist upwards into my ribs, cracking two with one punch.  I went down in tears and screamed at him to let me leave.  Seeing that if I stayed I would no doubt end up a head case, he gave me permission to go that same hour.
Then I was Earth-bound on the next craft - which was two days later.  Perhaps one of the good things about the Army when they do actually let you leave is that you don't have to do ‘good-byes’- it's bad luck.  So I just grabbed my bags and left.  Just like that.  A month later I landed at the lunar junction and caught a commercial flight to Canada, somewhere my grandparents used to own, a nice little ranch in one of the last surviving villages where I could be left alone to work out just what had changed so much that I could throw away eight years as a career soldier.
The place had been well looked after by my older brother.  The house was a gleaming white image from the skyline as the taxi began to land in the field opposite.  There were well-tended crops, a garden at the front in full bloom and best of all it was secluded from the village – at least two miles away.  As the taxi glided down, a well-dressed man with a tidy haircut opened the door for me, his open hand greeting me as I got out.  We shook.
“My name is Mark, I am the Pastor at the village church.  You must be John.”
“I am, sir.”  I said.
“Then I am afraid I have some bad news for you.  Would you join me inside the house?”
We walked up the drive as the taxi disappeared in a swirl of hot air and ozone.  Mark strode ahead, pushing the door aside and I followed, dropping my Bergen at the porch.  The place smelt of summer and a cool breeze drifted lazily through the rooms.
“Can I get you a drink?”  he said.
“I think you had better tell me how my brother died.”
Mark stopped.  “I’m not stupid.  No speeder, no shoes at the door.  I’ve worked with death all my life, Pastor.”
“How did you know?”
“A feeling.  We haven’t spoken in three years.  Even over the Vid-link I could tell he was ill.”
“Cancer, John.  I’m sorry for your loss.  He was a good man.”
I walked past Mark, looking around the rooms for any sign of his presence.  Silly, I know.  The walls were covered in photos, certificates from his time at college, trinkets on the shelves from holidays.  A picture of Mum and Dad.  There was a photo of the two of us on my pass-out parade; me stood saluting in my starched uniform, and him laughing in the background.  
“He spoke of you often.  I get the impression he thought a lot you, and that’s not just a routine line I say to all the bereaved.  Often we would talk in the church until the late hours, sharing stories.  Most of his tales often involved his little brother.”
“How was the funeral?”  I asked, moving towards the kitchen.
“We held it at the church and it was well attended.  We are a close community here and we look after each other.”
“Did my father come?”  Mark shook his head.  “Typical Dad.  Probably in a bar somewhere feeling sorry for himself.”
“We tried to reach you but...”
“I was on active duty – no communication.” I walked into the kitchen.  The back door was open and I could see the fields stretching away from the house and there was a barbeque against the wall, rusting with lack of use.  On an oak dining table in the middle of the room was a manila envelope and a letter.
“Those were left for you.”  he said.
“He knew I was coming?”
“He had a feeling.”  I tore open the envelope.  The deeds for the house and the land in my name, and a letter.  I sat down in one of the chairs to read it. It was what I'd expected – a letter of goodbye and regret. Regret that we'd not spent enough time together after I'd signed up. Regret about Mum dying. He was sorry for the way Dad had treated me after Mum had gone as if it was his fault. He'd finished by saying the house was mine by way of a 30 year apology for not being the older brother he'd wanted to be. As I finished the letter I realised why I'd come home, sadly far too late. But in life it is so often the case that our best moments are missed by our lack of urgency.
“Was he a 'believer' then?” I asked Mark as I wiped my eyes with the sleeve of my fatigues.
“Yes. He was baptised in the river not a few miles from here. He had a lot of guilt he wanted to take to the Lord.”
“Even the guilt of Dad he'd taken upon himself? Hardly fair, is it?” I spat. My mother had been a devoted Catholic in life and I'd never taken to the concept of off loading responsibility for what I'd done onto someone else even if he was a volunteer. Though after an easter service we'd been dragged to once by Mum where the Priest talked about Gethsemane I'd stopped believing he was a 'volunteer' after all.
“You can always carry it yourself. Be punished for your own crimes I suppose.” Mark replied though I could see he'd used this line before. He almost looked braced ready for a harsh response from me. He was relieved to find I didn't on this occasion.
Instead I returned the letter to the envelope and got up from the table.
“If you don't mind, Mark, I'd like to get settled in.” I said suddenly very tired from the flight in.
Mark understood. He shook my hand and left.
CHAPTER 2

Life in the village was a far cry from my days in the military. Despite the undertones of their intent to convert me; the people who made up the small community were friendly to me and extended every courtesy to a relative stranger. 
I fell back on my trade almost straight away as there were still bills to pay on my 'new' old house and the army 'sick pay' wouldn't cover it indefinitely. So I setup a small workshop in the large open garage that my brother had used in his final weeks of life as a sick bed. It had been hard to wheel out the bed itself, the machines, the things he'd had as company before he'd died. A medical team from the city came to collect it in a white speeder. Silently they packed it all away, nodding as they climbed in and drove off southwards. The next day my shipment of tools and equipment arrived and I did my best to hide the memory of the final hours of my big brother's life I'd never had chance to see.
As was my custom I buried myself in work. It was the only therapy I would have and for several years I rose early, made gates and fences, repaired pots and pans and sat with a beer on the porch and watched the sun go down over the pines. Not once though did a single memory fade and with every nights sleep I saw the charred corpse of a boy lost without his mum and a brother who died alone in a sterile bed.
*
"Good morning, John,"  A voice shouted to me from over the short steel fence I'd put up last year.  It was rusting in parts where I'd missed with the paintbrush, streaks of watery brown ran down the struts and pooled on my red brick wall.
"Good morning, Mark,"  I shouted back. "You're early today."
"On a morning like this I think it would be a crime to lie in bed."
"I'd agree with that."  I put down the hammer I was using to form a scrolled latch for the Church gates, got up from my stool and wiped my hands on my jeans.  Mark began to walk up the drive just as I finished the last dregs of a cold cup of tea, drops escaping down my chin.
"How are they coming along?"  He asked, indicating the other five foot gates that were hanging from the beam in the shed.
"A couple more coats of paint and I'll fit the lock tomorrow,"  I replied.  "Can I get you a drink?”
"Please, that would be great."  He sat down on one of the chairs facing east.  The sun was just climbing over the hills but even at seven o'clock it was warm enough to sweat.  The air was crisp and tinged with the scent of wild flowers growing in the field across the path and as I brought out two mugs of coffee I was hit with the first bird songs.
"Looks like they're up early too,"  I said, setting a cup in front of Mark.
"My congregation could do to learn from their example."
"And how is Jane?  Recovered from the party yet?"  I asked, reaching over to close the lid on the coal forge that was just starting to die out.  "I heard it was a shocker."
"That's an understatement.  My wife's not a drinker John, as you know.  But when I saw her bring in the crate I knew it wasn't going to be just a quiet night in with the girls."
"I could have told you that one."  I took a sip from the treacle-black brew and shook off the bitter taste. Americans loved their coffee and Mark in particular. I still hadn't converted him to English tea bags but there was still hope.
"It was good to see them having fun for a change, what with the news and all."  
“News? You've lost me. The last bit of breaking news we had was that the roof tiles had come off the youth centre.” I said.
"Haven't you heard the latest, John?  I was going to bring it up in today’s service, try and get everybody to pray a little for the people out there. As of yesterday, the early warning beacons in the Zion group were alerted to a fleet of 'Man 'o' War' class ships on a course for the Prime world.  I thought given your history you would have..."
"I'm sorry Mark, I try not to keep up with the news outside of this village. In the army we were the news. It's nice to be in the middle of nowhere for a change.”
"Well we have away teams on several of those planets, members of our Church doing work out there.  We can't get through to them; the military has stopped all broadcasts for security reasons.  I suppose they could be intercepted or something."  My heart skipped a beat, and then returned to normal, probably just a 'knee-jerk' response.  Then I realised.  "Mark, isn’t your son out there?”
I could see it in his face, the pain hidden behind the mask he wore for the benefit of the congregation.  I'd seen it on the faces of every parent who had a child in a war zone; it wasn't something you could hide very well.  But he was trying and doing a pretty good job of it too.
"The Lord will protect him.  We pray everyday for his safe return and for those other unfortunate people out there."  I was stunned.  I knew David; I'd watched him mature from being a rebellious little teen to the devout Christian his Father had hoped he'd become.  But now it seemed it had become a costly decision.
“You don't sound so sure?” I said giving him a minute to think about it. I don't know how anyone could commit their child to an invisible force rather than take action to save them from harm. Although Mark's ability to help millions of miles away were limited; to simply commit his loved one to a seemingly inactive being had to be a coping mechanism for his own inability to act. I'd seen it in trenches when the fighting was thickest, people dropping to the floor to pray when the odds were stacked against them and there was nothing they could see to do to change them. They made dangerous soldiers to their own side.
“What more can I do? I've sent messages over and over and yet they all receive the same response.” He looked at me with eyes begging for an answer that wasn't coming from his book anymore.
“I'll get in touch with the MOD. See if I can help.” I offered knowing full well it would go nowhere. He seemed momentarily satisfied and after finishing our coffees in silence he left.
*
The following day I woke up later than I usually would.  I'd had a rough time trying to get to sleep; my mind kept turning it over, forming images of the conflicts I'd seen and adding David to the hundreds of dead that collected in piles on the road.  I imagined the orbital bombs flattening the Church he was in, wiping him out.  I saw him decapitated by the enemy, burned alive...
But by morning it was all pretty hazy and the blazing heat from the sun lifted my spirits a little. I made a mug of tea and started up the console while my toast cooked in the kitchen. Instantly the news feed came to the screen and the main headlines were taken up by the news from the Zion group.
The Zion group was a cluster of planets owned by wealthy believers who wanted a place to devote their lives to worship.  They’d colonised them around fifty years ago, using most of the existing structures left behind by the frontier men of the last century.  It was pretty secure and the nearest military force was only a week away, add that to the sphere of EW beacons and you would have thought it would have been quite safe for these people to practice their faith.
“Tensions are still mounting as contact has been lost from several of the planets in the system. Long range scans have shown considerable ship movement from ARC forces directed to the region...” the news caster droned as I buttered my toast.
“Vid-link.” I called out to the console. “Jeff Simms, MOD.”
“Clearence code please.” the console chirped.
“B5678. Shap, John.”
“Subject?”
“Inquiry. St. John, David. Zion group.”
“Thank you.”
I sat in my chair near the console and ate my toast. It was set to be a beautiful day. The skies were clear blue and the breeze coming in through the window was warm. I could see my greenhouse at the end of my small field and on its glass roof a gray shaggy looking cat was staring back at me. It wasn't such a bad life after all I thought.
“John. Long time no see.” The face of Jeff Simms appeared in my living room. He was all smiles and his uniform was freshly pressed. Simms had been a stickler for the rules and it had been his job to see every soldier through his time in the forces from signing up to dropping out. Or at least it was his job to arrange their funeral.
“Hello Jeff. How's things?” I replied.
“Spot on, mate. You? How's civilian life treating you?”
“I can't complain. Just enjoying breakfast while you're working...” I grinned.
“Thanks. Some of us have been at it since five am. You've seen the latest?” his face tried to retain its grin but I could see he was bothered by it all.
“Yes. Look Jeff I'm calling on behalf of a friend of mine. His son is out there and he wants to make sure he's alright.” Jeff nodded and held his hands up.
“No problem mate. What unit is he in?” he said.
“He's not a soldier. He's a missionary. His name is David St. John.”
“I'll take a look for you.” Jeff turned away from the screen and ran his fingers over a touch screen tablet embedded in his desk. “St. John, David. Departed lunar colony in June last year. Arrived at Zion group two months later. Took transport to Sidon the following week. He's still there as far as our records are concerned though I don't envy him.”
“Why's that?” I said.
“Can't say over  vid-link but it's getting worse out there. We have very limited communications since ARC moved near so I can't even reach David for you.”
“Thanks Jeff I appreciate it.”
“Are you coming back yet?” he said laughing. “We need all the help we can get.”
“If it's bad enough to want me back it must be bad.”
Jeff's face turned deadly serious. “All I can say John is it's that bad now.”
*
As promised I began finishing the gates.  As I was applying the paint, I heard something above the bird calls and rustling pines.  It was oddly familiar, a sort of thumping sound, mechanical and deep toned.  It shook the turpentine in the jar on the windowsill. It began to get louder, the thumps closer together.  Putting down the paint pot, I walked out into the sunlight - until it was blacked out.
It settled down in the field across the path, anti-grav pads sending clumps of soil and turf in all directions until they cut off and feet extended out from the sides like a spider.  Then hatches lifted outwards and a set of steps shot out into the dirt.  It was an Mk IV assault speeder, but an updated one with matt black anti-radar shielding, plexi-glass hatches and twin machine guns mounted in the nose.  Streaked in white lettering above the frontal exhaust pipes was written 'MILLITARY OFFICE'.  Then a figure emerged from the starboard hatch in olive green dress, followed by a tall, wide shouldered officer in black breaches, boots and a peaked cap.  Across the arm of his jacket was a Lieutenants stripe and the pips on his collar confirmed his rank.
I watched the spectacle for a few moments, and then returned to the rapidly drying paint.
"Excuse me,"  A voice shouted over my fence. It was the Lieutenant's aide, all youth and arrogance.
"Can I help you?"  I shouted without turning from my work.
"We're looking for a Lieutenant John Shap.  Could you tell us where we might find him, it is of the utmost urgency."
"There is no man of that rank around here, Private,"  I replied, working the brush into the welds where the catch jutted out.  Maybe my fence could rust, but if people saw the Church gates rusting my reputation would be ruined.
"But is there a John Shap then?"
"Finished,"  I said to myself, satisfied.  Putting the brush in the turps, I turned and wiped my hands on a cloth.  "Who's asking?"
"Military command,"  The Lieutenant piped up, obviously fed up with the wait.  "If we don't find him, we'll have to hunt him down with dogs until he owns up."
"I didn't see any dogs on that rust-heap of yours.  You're bluffing."
"Try me."  The young adjutant looked on in shock, wondering why his Lieutenant hadn't put a bullet in my head for my insolence.
"What the hell are you doing in a black dress, Dan?"  I shouted.  His aide looked fit to burst, his face had changed colour.
"What's with the face hair?  You get lazy in your old age, John?"
"What's with the rank?  Did you stop being lazy?"  We met half way up the drive and shook hands, all grins and laughs.  "How long has it been, Dan?  Nine years or so?"
"Just about.  How the hell are you?"
"I'm good.  Damn good.  That's record time. I was only on the 'link to Simms an hour ago. He's usually quite slow in reporting people."
"You've been off the scanner for too long. Sometimes we just need to know where you are and what you're doing. We don't want another case like we had in New York."
Dan Burns was an old school friend.  We'd both joined up at sixteen but after a year in basic we'd gone our separate ways and only met up again as part of a peace keeping force posted to Ganymede.  As usual we'd promised to keep in touch but such promises were always made on the way out of the door.  He'd been a sound bloke though and I'd met a few troopers who'd served under him who only echoed that assessment.
"So go on, what brings you out this far?  They could have sent anyone to check up on me,"  I asked.  We were sat on the porch; the sun beating down fiercely now it was afternoon.  That had led to a round of cold beers, then another and I was just about to get the third when I decided that was enough small talk.  Military Office didn't pay house calls for fun.
"I suppose you've heard about the Zion conflict,"  Dan said.
"I have.  Something about an ARC fleet moving into the region was the latest."
"The information has been delayed.  It's six weeks old.  As of last night, we lost two planets to a full on assault, the other three are in jeopardy and over sixty-three percent of our forces are being redeployed to make sure they don't go the same way."
"What's so special about Zion?  It's full of colonists with no war interest, no hostile intentions."  Dan looked to his aide, they exchanged something non-verbal.
"John, this stopped being a war of property and material gain years ago.  To the enemy, it's a crusade."
"A religious crusade?  They're more like 20th century Communists.”
"Do you remember Scientology in the twentieth century?  How it was started by one man?"
"A tax dodge you mean."
"That's never been proven.  They are following someone called 'Asc Theros', a man who's managed something we've never been able to do in centuries."
"And that is?"  Dan leaned forward, hands out in front.  His face was set like a tombstone.
"Unite the entire population.  There are no factions, no splinter groups following unorthodox practices.  They're a collective, they act as one united force."
"There's nothing new to that. Communism managed it for a while. Can't we just take out this guy, this 'Theros'?”
"No chance. There's more to this than you think. These guys aren't just fanatics. We were able to capture a supply frigate moving into the sector trying to bypass our lines. We took several prisoners who weren't able to kill themselves before we got to them. John, they're like nothing we've ever seen before. They're brainwashed in ways our shrinks can't begin to unravel. Plus there's something else.”
“Like what?”
“Their bodies, altered in some way. Not just improvements, bizarre changes, changes that don't make sense.” Dan had gone pale, sweat forming beads on his fore head. It was bothering him and I suspected he'd seen this first hand.
"Well you'd better get back to it, Lieutenant.  Sounds like the world needs you."  I made for the kitchen, but Dan was on his feet.
"Let's not dick about, John.  According to your contract, you're property of the Military Office for another eighteen months."
"Are you conscripting me?"  I felt like throwing the glass at him - if I thought it would help.  I'd seen this coming long before now, only it was confirmed when the Mk IV had landed.  He was right, I might have been kicked out, but that didn't end the contract.  It just left it open until I was needed.
"You're being recalled to active service, effective immediately."
"Why me?  It's not like I was a war hero, not some medal winner.  Why waste all this time to get me?"
There was something in Dan's eyes, something that hadn't been there on the battlefield all those bloody years ago.  It was the same look Mark had, that look of despair, of helplessness but kept back only by a glitter of hope somewhere deep within it.
"You were there. On the front lines in that sector. You know the terrain, the tactics of...”
“Go on. The tactics of what?”
“Of Rorsch. Of Major Heinrich Rorsch. He's why we can't kill their leader. He's one of our own.”
"No,"  I said, flatly. “Not a chance. The guy was a nut job even when he was on our side of the battle barges. It might never have been proven but that's why we lost Pothos, that's why we lost that fucking farm world. Nobody listened to me then either.”
“Well I can assure you, they're listening now.”
The sun was beating down now and the air was thick with the lazy scent of summer.  I could imagine harvest, or days just sitting on the porch with a cold beer, or one of the village barbeques.  "I'm not going back there.  You can drag me if you want, but if you've really read that file you'll know exactly what will happen.  I’m not some ‘story’ you can sell to meat fresh out of basic, my war days are over.”
There was a stretch of silence between us, Dan looking straight at me.  Then he got to his feet, put on his cap and held out his hand.
"If you change your mind."  We shook, his grip firm and resolute - like a man with a purpose.  Then his aide handed me a slip of yellow paper with a number on.  "We leave for Zion tomorrow night."
"I'm confident that the war will go on without me."
"Indeed.  It was good to see you again,"  he said and headed back towards the Mk IV.
"Thanks for the beer,"  His aide added, quickly following.  Then the anti-grav units churned up more of the field and a moment later they were gone, a speck that disappeared into the clouds.
*
The following day I was sat out in the garden that stretched across the back of the house, taking in the bird calls and sipping lemonade from a chipped glass.  It was slightly overcast and the sky seemed to be moody, the air tingling with tension.  I was just starting to shut my eyes for a moment when I heard the side gate squeal open.
"Good morning,"  Mark said, taking the seat next to me.
"It doesn't look like it will be a good afternoon.  Look at that sky."  Something bounded across the overgrown grass, a swift blur of browns and grays.
"I saw that speeder land yesterday,"  he said.  "For a brief moment I thought it was looking for me."
"I'm sorry, I never thought. I got in touch with my friend at the MOD, he confirmed that David was in the Zion system on Sidon one of your missionary planets but that's all. Communications are limited now. I meant to come round and tell you but as you saw the MOD were glad to pay me a visit once they traced where I was. Sorry.”
"Actually I came to apologise to you, I thought maybe you'd received some bad news yourself."
"Well,"  I said.  "Some might say it was bad news.  It was an old army buddy, come to take me back."
"He didn't do a very good job - you're still here."  We laughed. I hesitated to tell him what Dan had said. In the end I had to tell him though I knew what it might mean to him.
"He offered me a post in the Zion group. My former rank and command as before,"  I said. Mark's face took a serious turn.  I didn't add any more to the story, there was enough for him to worry about.
"Quite a position, John.  Well unless you're leaving tomorrow, I assume you turned it down."
"I'm afraid so.  It would just be too much, seeing it again; I don't know how I'd react.  I could end up getting people killed if I hesitated even once.  I'm what they call a liability now."
"But they would have known your past, it's the military.  They obviously thought that you still had the ability to command.”
"Who knows?  Anyway, I turned it down.  I like my life the way it is."
"Well only you and God know how you feel.  I'm sure you made the right decision."  He got up to leave.
“Mark.” I called. He stopped and turned. “Forget it.” I replied. Maybe some things are best not said.
Out on the front we walked to the path, but before he passed through the gates I caught something missing in his eyes.  Where Dan's had held a tiny glimmer of hope for the future, Mark's had faded like a dead star.  It didn't take a genius to figure out what he'd have thought when seeing that speeder land on the porch of an ex-soldier, he was only human.  But most of all he was a father and that put David above everybody else and I expect the very concept of doing so cut him deeply.
“Mark.” He turned. “Say the word.”
“Excuse me?”
“Say it and I'll go. I'll try and find him, bring him home.”
“I can't ask you to do that. He might not even...”
“That's a possibility.”
“But John, I have no other hope.” he muttered, choked.
“I didn't think so.”
CHAPTER 3

	The troop transport vessel 'Midian' lurched out of the magna-locks with a shudder of power as the twin fusion engines kicked into life.  Out in the deep blackness of space, the ship traversed a small asteroid field before settling into a steady flight plan.  In two weeks we'd be arriving at Sidon, the first planet in the Zion group.  There Lt. Dan Burns expected to rendezvous with the battle cruiser 'Avalon' where we would begin deployment as required.  
There had been no fresh reports from Zion and I was partly glad.  The last communication that Burns had received reported that the enemy fleet was still several weeks from the next planet and that Command was confident we would be deployed well in advance.  I was in no rush to resume active combat detail, but I had a strange comfort from being back amongst troops again.  It was like putting on a familiar pair of shoes, instantly I felt at ease and in my rightful place.
I'd been billeted on deck six along with the most recent troopers that had been picked up from several planets along the way.  Most had a similar story to tell, de-mobbed usually on medical grounds, now conscripted before their contracts ran out. 
"I'd been injured during midnight raids on Telsa III, been laid up for over a year now.  Didn't think I'd be back at all.  But when we heard about Zion, well, I was glad to be picked,"  said a young Private, Aaron Green.  He was a stocky bloke, cropped blonde hair and tattoos up and down his arms.  Most were the names of wars fought.  He'd racked up four already.  "Of all the conflicts I've been a part of, this one seems... right, but I couldn't tell you why."  We'd been talking since breakfast and I got the impression he didn't get on with the others, they made a concentrated effort to avoid sitting next to him in the mess hall.  "So have you seen any combat?"
"A little,"  I replied.  I wasn't wearing my stripes, I was just starting to get used to the new outfits, which had changed over the last six years.  My kit had been left on my bunk and black seemed to be the new olive.  Black boots, combat trousers, tee, webbing, even the underwear was black.  On arrival my 'life can' had been given to me personally, a 30cm long aluminum tube about 10cm in diameter which contained my contract (renewed), rank and insignia plus pips, ident card, dog tags and a small capsule designed to be inserted under the skin manually. The top of the contract named Lieutenant John Shap as the legal property of the Military Office for no less than eighteen months subject to clause C, paragraph 4.  Death.
"I keep tats to remind me, see."  He held out his pale arm.  "Four wars across four planets.”
“Some of us don’t need reminding.”  I said, looking at the names.
“I saw them drop the bombs on a chem factory, trying to poison the land.  Would have succeeded too if my squad hadn't stopped 'em."
"How old are you?"  I asked.
"21 next week."
"The chemical plant bombing, that was Axthon, the farm world, right?"
"Yeah Axthon, I remember Axthon like it was yesterday."
"Yeah so do I."  His face turned a different colour and he lost some of his bravado.  "Although that was six years ago and I'm sure the outcome was a little different.  In fact, I hear they still haven't managed to purge the place yet."
"Well maybe I'm thinking of somewhere else.  Somewhere similar."
"Yeah.  Maybe."
"Look I'd...” He got up from the table, just as the ship sunk to the starboard and sent the trays flying across the room.  A siren began wailing and troopers jumped to their feet.
"ALL HANDS TO ALERT STATIONS.  REPORT FOR BATTLE READINESS.  ENEMY CRUISER OFF PORT SIDE.  BRACE FOR IMPACT," bellowed the speaker above my head.
*
The ship was in turmoil.  Klaxons wailed everywhere, people rushed up and down the narrow corridors trying their best not to slam into each other.  Red lights blinked violently as emergency power sources spun into life.
"We'd best make for the armory," Green shouted over the cacophony.  "Prepare for boarding."  He led me to an elevator crammed full of white faced troopers, all heading the same way.  None of them looked like they were ready to repel boarders.
The lift sunk away and my stomach turned with the force.  The stink of fear permeated my skin, it was oozing out of them and I couldn't blame them - I could still remember my first taste of war.  It wasn't something you forgot although you spent your life trying to.
The doors slid apart and we burst out into the hallway.
"This way,"  Green shouted.  Already he'd adopted a leadership quality and people were listening.  If we survived he might have a career in front of him.
Stood handing out small arms was a hulk of a man with a bald head glistening with sweat, a man with three stripes across his rippling arms.
"Sergeant Phillips, Green and Shap reporting sir."
"You're late!"  Phillips yelled, spittle firing off his lips like a frag grenade.  "Come join the party."  An auto-loading shotgun was thrust into my arms along with a belt of red-coated shells and I hurried to catch up with Green, glad I'd left my pips in my bunk.  The last thing I wanted was a rank confusing the situation.
Then came the wait.  We stood at docking arm three, a huge oval room with two sealed doors that kept the void of space outside.  There were no hatches to look through to see if they were close enough, just a camera inside the air lock.  When the outer door was breached, we'd make ready to repel.
"This is the worst part."  Someone behind us whispered.  Green quickly shushed her.  All eyes were focused on the monitor above us, waiting for the door to start glowing red as torches cut through.  Time dragged out at this point and what felt like hours slid past, but were actually minutes.
"When the door goes, open your mouths and breath out,"  I said aloud.  "The change in pressure will kill you in the split second it takes for the ship to balance it out."  I felt Green's eyes on me, questioning eyes.  When he turned back to the monitor he dropped to a firing position.
"REPEL BOARDERS!"

There were twelve of us in docking arm three.  Four hadn't listened to my advice and fell as the inner door splayed open like a tin can, blood dribbling from their ears.  The enemy flooded in quickly, a tide of crimson uniforms that met our firepower head on.
I blasted the first one I saw, taking his leg off at the knee.  Green sprayed the hole with rapid bursts taking down three and showering me with hot brass in the process.  The other six moved forward around us and were able to form a line just as the enemy managed to loose a salvo, killing two from my left outright.  I caught the arm of one, spinning him round on his heels just as Green finished the job with a lucky head shot.  Two were prone and firing, rounds bouncing off the plate steel walls behind us.  My first shot took off the top of his head; the second went wide and exploded behind.  Another of ours went down as the red clothed men pressed forward.
"FALL BACK!"  Green yelled, arcs of fire blazing from his weapon.  Two to my right turned and made for the door, the remaining woman went down screaming as her arm was severed from her shoulder.
"Covering fire!"  I shouted and ran forward, grabbing her by her collar.  Bullets whizzed past, several caught my cheek and left a trail of pain.  Green did a good job of keeping their heads down and I was able to get the trooper out into the hall, just as he came running out behind me.
"Close it.  Now!"  The huge blast door fell down like a guillotine, killing the only soldier stupid enough to get between it.  Green released the cover protecting the airlock override and punched the trigger release.  There was a hiss as air was pressurised on the other side.  "How is she?"  He asked me.  I felt her neck through the film of blood covering my fingertips.
"Too late,"  I said.  "She's gone."  
*
The attack was repulsed successfully.  After crippling the attacking vessel, the Captain realised that it had wandered from its original course and saw a troop transport as a welcome trophy to drag back to enemy lines.  Had its navcom been working properly, it would have been able to judge the defenses of the Midian accurately.
With a total loss of sixteen crew members, the crew of the Midian were faced with the arduous task of trying to separate the enemy vessel from the hull, docking arms still clung to the port side.  After the defense of docking arm three, Green and I went in search of Sergeant Bill Phillips.  We found him near sickbay carrying an injured technician on a stretcher.  We had to fall in behind the cue, he wasn't going to stop and chat.
"Where do you want us, Sarge?"  Green shouted over the chaos of the infirmary.  Surgeons hurried around the open plan room, passing from one injury to another as technicians pushed trolleys of equipment around like shopping carts.  Blood was collecting in pools here and there and most had trails of footprints in and out.  The stench of disinfectant was being pumped out into the hall.
"Are you still here, Green?  Get down to the engine deck and help out with the drive.  Hell, I shouldn't have to tell a Tech where to go.  Get a move on!"  Green saluted, nodded to me and ran back the way we'd come, back to a service lift we'd passed.
"What's the situation, Sergeant?"  I asked though I had to repeat it as one of the techs dropped a tray of knives.
"Who the hell are you?"  He replied.  Muscles rippled under his blood stained vest, which on this occasion wasn't regulation issue black.  In fact, I guessed it might have even been white a long time ago.  As the sweat poured down his brow and into his eyes, he swept it away with a broad arm.
"Lieutenant John Shap. Didn't have time to grab my rank on the way out of the door," I said, saluting in the cock-sure manner most of my peers would have done to make sure the Sergeant understood who I was. It wasn't my style but I could already feel the bristles on his back. We weren't going to be best buddies just yet I expected.
“I'm sorry sir, I didn't realise you were on board yet. I wasn't informed...” he replied through what I was sure were gritted teeth.
“Understood. Situation?”
“We've steadied the Midian, just trying to remove the docking arm now sir.”
“Then that's where I will be Sergeant. As you were.”

I took the service elevator to the docking level, passed by docking arm three where they were just starting to carry out the bodies of the very Red's we'd killed.
"Hold on,"  I said to the nearest Tech.  I began to collect the dog tags, eighteen in total.
"What are you doing?"  The Tech asked, stunned.  "They're to be destroyed with the bodies."
"I want the bodies kept in storage until I say otherwise.  Understand?"
"What will the Captain say?"
"Any problems, send him to me.  I want these soldiers bagged and examined by the medical team."  The Techs carried on towards the Med-Bay  "Like I said, send him to me."
As they disappeared, I looked at each dog tag in turn.  Michael Kurn.  Jake Lathon.  Joseph Freth. The names went on.  Under every name though, the fanatic logo of ARC.
*
Of the six arms that extended like tentacles into the steel hull of the Midian, four were floating free by the time I reached the fifth.  A crew was in the airlock wearing breathers and Tech's were severing electrical connections a wire at a time.  A short man in overalls was stood watching over the team.
"Lieutenant Shap.  What's the situation?"  I asked him.  His hand shot up to salute.  I returned the gesture.
“We can't free the docking arm. The electrics were easy but the steel is imbedded into the hull right down to the sixth skin.”
“Is there any way I can help?” I said and the Tech's eyes gave me a surprised look.
"Only if you know how to use that thing, sir!"  He laughed and with a podgy hand pointed to a twin headed plasma cutter that rested on the deck.
"Fire it up then and show me where you want it slicing."  The smile turned into a grin.
"You're kidding, right?"  I found gloves and a mask, began adjusting the tungsten electrodes and the gas pressure feed.
Minutes later he was directing me to a fused joint where the Red's arm met the Midian's.  I struck up the arc between the two heads and felt the heat burst across my skin.
"Cut only as deep as the second layer of the internal skin you can see there, behind it is the breach in the outer hull's skins and we don't want to get spaced here."  Sweat began collecting on the end of my nose, dripping inside the mask.  The UV given off by the arc was scorching the paintwork behind me, leaving a well defined shadow on the wall.
"Good, now turn the head slightly, separate the two stanchions and let us get a lever in."  I could just sense two Techs move in beside me with long poles as the stanchions expanded apart with the heat.  They had to get the poles in quick before they contracted again.
"That's it, out of the way, sir,"  he said and I slid backwards on my arse.  The Techs swiftly moved in and pulled on the levers.  "Brilliant.  It's free now, try the control panel."  A Tech punched the controls.  There was a grinding sound of metal on metal.  Then the airlock siren sounded.
"Let's boogey.  One more to go."
*
As I finished cutting the final arm free, I heard the boots before I heard the voice.  The crew all turned at once as the Captain of the Midian appeared in the corridor.
"Attention on deck,"  A voice shouted, though I couldn't tell who, I was still wearing the mask.  Rising to my feet I powered down the cutter.
"Who gave the order to store Red bodies in the morgue?” Lifting the mask I saw Burns behind the short, stumpy Captain who searched the oil streaked faces with beady little rat's eyes.  He wasn't what I'd been expecting a Captain to look like.  I'd never seen one in the flesh before.
"I did, sir,"  I answered.  The faces of the crew turned on me.  Teeth clenched ready to shatter, the Captain raised a finger straight at me.
"What the hell for!"
"For examination before destruction sir. Reports have shown genetic modification and part of my remit is to make sure every body taken is examined thoroughly by the medical team.”
"Don't make me repeat myself, Private."
"That's Lieutenant Shap sir.  The man I was telling you about,"  Burns said with a hint of trepidation.
"That still doesn't give him the right to decide what happens to the rotting corpses of my enemy."  There was silence.  
"Answer, Lieutenant,"  Burns ordered.
"I was enlisted under Military Office orders and take authority in this area. Please allow me to go on with my work. Sir.”
"So you're the M.O special boy then?"  The Captain spat.  His face had turned a bright cherry red and veins bulged out of his left temple, shooting a glance at Burns.
"Sir, I've read the files. There is more to this than we thought, these bodies must be examined for genetic alteration. At least then we might have an idea what we're up against."  The Captain chewed it over like a bear does with a bee in its mouth.  Burns just grinned and looked up to the ceiling.
“Burns here might think you're special, Shap. But I've read files too. I'll be keeping a close eye on the man who walks out when the fighting gets too much for him. Once the reports have been sent back to M.O I want these bodies spaced and that ship destroyed. Are we clear?”
“Yes sir.” I said as he turned to storm away down the corridor.
*
The following day, the Midian had resumed it's course for the Zion group, leaving the fragmented remains of the ARC ship in its wake.
"I think you made as many enemies as you did friends today, John."  We were sat in Burns private quarters on deck twelve, a bottle of sixty-five year old scotch between us.  Burns held his up to simulated candlelight and i swilled mine around the glass.
"The Captain's an aresehole. He knows why I'm here he should just let me get on with it,"  I replied a little too coarsely.
"There's a lot of hatred towards the Reds but I suppose that goes for their side too.  The Captain has more reason than most to hate them. He served under Rorsch when he was on our side. He felt the betrayal more keenly than most."
“Fair play.” I said. “But the only way we're going to have a chance is to out think Rorsch because he sure as hell will out think us. He was one of the best and he will now make a formidable enemy. I can't think of anyone else I'd NOT want to be up against.”
“You were there, you served under him. Why do you think he turned?”
“He was a little bit mad to start with. His genius on the field came at a price. He was quick to adopt what ever the Chaplain said – what ever the denomination. He was always looking for the answers to the big questions and every victory on the battlefield brought him closer and closer to believing he was blessed by deity.”
“I never served near him. We always ended up on other sides of the galaxy. He was a legend though. People rushed to briefings just to hear what he'd done that month. A lot of people were devastated once news broke from the M.O.”
“I was there at his peak. It was he who got me the Lieutenants stripe.” I downed my drink and poured another.
“Seriously?” 
“Yeah. We'd just made planet fall when we were ambushed. Our drop ship put us down on the outskirts of a major stronghold we'd been given intel on. As Rorsch' ship landed on the north side he and his crew were fired upon almost immediately. He lost several troopers before I took the decision to divert off mission to support him. When we arrived he and a single private were the only survivors.”
“Wow. I'm surprised you didn't get a medal for that one. You crawled right up his arse.” Dan laughed but there had been nothing funny there at the time.
“Looking back I was in serious trouble. I'd ignored my orders and gone off mission. It was Rorsch who put a stop to me being arrested the minute we returned to the ship. I didn't think it was important at the time but he put a hand on my shoulder as we left the hangar and said 'boy, when the time comes I will need people like you by my side'.”
“So even then he was planning to betray us?” Dan said. I nodded and we were silent for a while. You could hear the gentle hum of the engines far off into the distant bowels of the ship. Boots marched outside the door, moving towards the aft decks.
“Religion eh? We're saving crackpots from crackpots.” Dan said softly.
“You know it's not polite to talk about religion and politics in company.” I said, laughing.
“Well Rorsch counts as politics in my opinion. So why not go double or nothing?”
“I suppose.”
“Okay then.  Why?"
"Why what?"
"Why does god allow this to happen to his special missionaries out there?  That's if there actually is a god.  Why would he let an army like ARC butcher his 'children'."
"Why not?  I mean, what is ARC?  They're people like us, not some spawn of Satan.  In the twentieth century Adolf Hitler was deemed the anti-Christ, the devil incarnate.  He was a truly evil man, but how could god allow him to do the things he did to the Jews?  Go back a few years to his early life.  You'll find a young man horribly injured in conflict.  You'll find a man who sees his beloved country being brought to its knees by the Allies after world war one, being punished repeatedly by legislation regarding industry and commerce.  He does what we're all guilty of - he seeks revenge.  He builds Germany back up, creates a booming economy and a powerful army to exact that revenge.  Did god play a part in that?  No, the Allies did by not learning from their mistakes.  Whether you like the fact or not, if you look at history and take god out of it, it wouldn't look any different. Moses and the Israelites, a tribe who fought a bloody campaign to seize and control modern day Israel.”
"Are you saying we’re responsible for ARC?"
"It's possible, somewhere. Rorsch thinks his way of life is better than ours and he's convinced or brainwashed a whole lot of other people to think the same way. 
"And ARC was the result?"
"In my opinion?  Yes.  Now we're just beginning to realise how powerful a belief system is - especially in the hands of fanatics."
“Some of the guys upstairs, the head sheds, they're calling this a war between good and evil.” Burns drained his glass as if in rebellion to the thought. “But can we call it that? Really?”
“They did the same with world war two. But which was which? Hitler bombed civilian targets, so did the Allies. There was torture and guilt on both sides. Dresden. Nagasaki. Hiroshima. Were the Allies really that good? The Russians had the Gulags, the Nazis had the Camps. Down to the core, man is self-centered. I don't mean that in a moral sense, I mean his main interests first and foremost are to his own needs and desires. It's natural, a living being must first seek it's own survival in a hostile environment like this. So everything it does must have, somewhere in it, a benefit or reward to himself.”
“What's your point?”
“My point is...” I thought about it, finished my drink. “...life can be summed up not in terms of good and evil.” 
Burns laughed. “But...?”
“The man with the biggest gun always wins.”
CHAPTER 4

The Midian settled into a low orbit of the lush green world of Sidon six days overdue.  Sentry drones floating just inside the atmosphere trained heavy auto lasers onto us, kicking off the alarms again.  One of the Techs's told me it was standard procedure.
"They sense the damage, relay it to their base and run it through analysis to see probable cause.  If it is detected as damage from conflict the guns arm against a possible hijack."  I'd grabbed him when he walked past my billet just as the alarms had gone berserk; the guy hadn't even flinched when they'd started wailing.
"So what happens next?"  I asked.
"We send them security codes that change on a daily basis."
"Then what?"
"They let us launch landing craft."
"And if the codes are wrong?"  He sighed, clearly wanting to be somewhere else.
"Then they blast the craft out of the stratosphere.  Have a nice flight."  And with that he disappeared down the corridor, just as Green was coming the other way.
"Hey Lieutenant.  Sarge says planet fall is at 19:00.  Full kit and NBC's to be worn - there's a chemical leak right where we're landing and we can't divert."  I took down my chest rig and began to pack away my personal items.  Everything else had never left the Bergen since I'd been issued with it.  
*
We were assembled in drop-bay four, the great gleaming craft suspended on magnetic locks above a sealed airlock.  It was sleek and painted in anti-radar colours that glistened in the artificial light and the gull-wing hatch was open on its port side.  Techs milled around carrying out last minute adjustments.  It wasn't my first introduction to a drop craft, but this model was new and a lot more sophisticated than the one I was used to.
I was one of twenty-three troops lined up against one wall, NBC masks hanging lazily around our necks and our kit at our feet in front of us.  Sergeant Phillips in similar dress marched up and down the line doing random checks as he went.  He caught Green's sloppy wrist seals and yanked them into place.
"You wanna die, Green?" he shouted.  "You wanna suck some funky dust?  Maybe get a little high, is that it?"
"Sir, no sir!" he replied, mask bouncing around.
"How the hell have you made it this far, Green?  How the hell have you lived without me wiping your ass for you!"
"Sir, I don't know sir."
"I think I know, Green.  I think I have the answer, Green.  I think you're momma dropped you on your head and you bounced!  I think you have a god-damn rubber skull and nothings gonna kill you."
"Sir, thank-you sir."
"EXCEPT ME IF I SEE YOU DRESSING SLOPPY AGAIN! UNDERSTAND!"  Green's face ran red.
"Sir, yes sir."
"Right babies, haul ass into that Mercedes over there."  We shot forward up the ramp.  "Kit to be stowed in overhead compartments!  Nothing loose except your dicks."
Troopers scrambled around inside the cramped cabin trying to find their allocated seats.  I found mine near to the cockpit next to the Sergeant and slung my kit into a hole above it.  Then I sat down and buckled up.
Minutes later we were launched from the Midian.  Out of the window on my left I could see the sentry drones locking onto us.  They looked like floating balls with arms.
"I don't like the looks of those drones," said one of the troopers.
"I think that one likes you, Walker,"  Shouted Green over the engines.  "It wants to do naughty things to you."
"He'll have to wait, I'm seeing your mother tonight."  The cab erupted in cheers.  Private Tony Walker was Green's other half of a long standing double act.  If they weren't gluing each others property to bulk heads, they were getting drunk in the bar and chewing over memories of the lunar city they were both raised in.
"Shut it back there,"  The Sergeant yelled.  "ETA 12 minutes people."
"Seriously, Walker.  Why would anyone care about you?"  Green this time.
"I need all the help I can get, bailing your ass out of the shit.”
"What, like the ambush on that training planet?"
"That was different, I did that for your benefit, you needed it more than I did."
"What about the time you left your belt kit at the brothel and needed me to run back and get it?"
"I left it on purpose you idiot - she'd shit all over it, I didn't want that back anyway."
"You will go for these alien types."
"She was hardly alien, she came from London."
"My point exactly."
"What, like your sister?"
"What about my sister?"
"She used to pee when she came.  Three times I got a golden shower screwing her."
"Your sister changed lanes - on me!"
"You shared sisters?"  I threw in.
"Sorry Lieutenant, you shouldn't be hearing this,"  Walker said.
"Why not?  He should know what your family is like.  Dinner at your house is served outside in the trough."
"Sunday lunch with your Dad means cooking it yourself.  Remember the time you got Pizza?  Your Dad thought I'd made it!"
"It was that bad even I thought you had at the end."
"Masks on in six."  Sergeant yelled.  I didn't bother waiting, I got mine ready and on.  I'd always preferred the time to get used to breathing in it before the atmosphere hit you like a brick.  Walker and Green carried on regardless, though now it was all muffled until the final minute when Phillips called for a digi-com check.  Then the world regained its clarity and was pumped in through both ears.
"Hatch drop in fifteen seconds."  The Sergeant moved to the back as the landing feet extended and the belt clips released automatically.  Above my head I could hear our kit being ferried away into a sealed crate that would be ejected after we did.  It was no good us coming out suited up, only to contaminate our kit carrying it around.  The only thing we were allowed to carry was our chest rig and weapons.  
Most had been issued with the standard M-4B, a compact automatic rifle with a straight magazine.  There was a woman near to the hatch carrying a long Sniper rifle and two brutes carried heavy machine guns with a chain feed coming from their backpacks.  All wore the standard side arm and combat knife.  I cradled an auto-shotgun in my arms as the cold air rushed into the cab.
"OUT OUT OUT!"  Came the order and in sequence we burst down the ramp and assembled in formation.
"Look sharp, people.  Spread out and take ground."  We moved as one across a high meadow on the edge of a forest that disappeared into the distance behind us.  There was nothing but an ocean of green in front and blue skies above.
The drop-craft gunned its engines and shot upwards, returning to the Midian.
"Walker and Tekoa, forward in squads,"  Phillips ordered and the two squad leaders broke away taking six men each.  "Wulfgar, covering positions around the box."  One of the enormous troopers carrying a heavy machine gun took seven from the unit and spread them around the kit box, leaving myself, Phillips and Lt. Burns at the head of the defensive line.  Burns had been in the cockpit trying to raise the Avalon for the duration of the journey down and had been the last off the craft.  He was in a standard black smock; boots and a baseball cap perched on his head. On his thigh he wore a pistol and a knife.
"Anything from the Avalon, Dan?"  I asked as I scanned the horizon.  Tekoa and Walker's units had disappeared over the horizon, separating as they hit a tree line.
"Nothing, John.  That means either a simple delay, or they've run into more enemy ships."
"I understood that the one we'd encountered was a lost cruiser off its flight plan?"
"That was only an educated guess, one that only time would prove.  With the delay of the Avalon, it would seem to suggest otherwise,"  The digi-com crackled as Walker reported in.
"We've reached the edge of the farm.  No signs of life, sir."
"What about the farm house?"  Sergeant Phillips replied.
"Negative.  Abandoned - in a hurry.  Looks like there's been some small arms fire."
"Casualties?"
"Negative, not even a trace of blood."
"Secure the building and wait for further orders."
"Received."  I looked at Burns who was running a finger down the face of a plastic coated map.  Without saying a word, he nodded to Phillips who looked like he'd been waiting for an answer to a question I hadn't heard asked.  Already the efficient relationship they'd built up over previous conflicts was starting to show.
"Okay Wulfgar, we move."  The giant with the machine gun directed his unit forward, lugging the supply box between them on floating grapples.  Burns turned to me and said,
"We'll set up operations at the farm house.  Out here we're sitting ducks and according to the map it offers the best position for us defensively.  From there we'll try to reach the Avalon or the city, see why our welcoming committee hasn't arrived."
"We haven't been here five minutes and already it's turning to shit,"  I heard Phillips mutter inside his mask, digi-com off of course.  As the towering shape of Wulfagar steamed ahead, we took up positions at the rear of the line and began to move.
*
Walker greeted us at the steps of the rotting building, face free of the mask.
"Sniffers say the air is clean.  Always was,"  He stated.  He looked like he was holding up a beam and that wouldn't have been a ridiculous idea looking at the condition of the farmhouse.  Its walls were a crumbling mess of plaster and straw and there were a few holes dotted about on the first floor.  The roof looked in poor repair and on the east side a section had collapsed inwards.  It looked like a huff and a puff would bring this house down easily enough.
"So why the false report?"  Burns asked, me and Phillips behind him as we entered.  Wulfgar and his unit were securing the perimeter, the supply crate safely inside.  Through the gaps in the walls several of Walker's team had set up sniper's nests overlooking the dead zone around the house and the woman I'd seen earlier was sticking out of the hole in the roof.  As the kit was being handed out I took up my Bergen and found a nice corner to sit down in.  Phillips raised Tekoa's team on the digi-com and asked for a situation report, or 'sit-rep' as he liked to call it.  He spoke too fast as it was, why abbreviate?  
Sat in the gloom of what was probably the dining room, I watched Green as he began duct-taping the glass windows shut, and another trooper who was setting up a long-range transceiver as far away from him as he could. Burns was looking at the map again with Phillips, tracing lines I couldn't see.
"Tekoa inbound, west side.  ETA two minutes,"  snapped the earpiece.
"Sign alpha.  Sign alpha,"  Phillips replied and went to the doorway to watch.  From my position I could see past him and out across the land, and as the door opened I saw Tekoa emerge from the high bushes.
I'd heard his name around the mess hall simply because he commanded the most respect from the rest of the unit.  He was an excellent scout, someone who the troopers had nicknamed the 'Phantom' because he disappeared in any terrain.  A life spent growing up on a world where the past time was hunting had been an asset to the slender man who's browning skin looked haggard from days out in the sun, almost as if his body had started to take on a forest-esque look.  He approached the camp with his weapon slung, his troopers a little behind.
"Anything?"  Phillips enquired.
"Nothing.  We've checked a two-mile radius that included the main road towards the city.  Nothing.  No cars, people, troopers.  Nothing,"  Tekoa replied.
"Good work.  Stand your squad down and find your kit.  Wulfgar is on first watch."  Tekoa walked past me, threw me a saluting nod as he retrieved his Bergen.
*
As night time drew in, Burns gave up on the transceiver.  He'd been working the controls for over an hour and could neither reach the city nor the Avalon.  Most of the troopers not on watch had settled in for the night, or were already asleep.
I felt restless, unable to relax.  I reached into my rig just as Burns came over to me with a mug of stale tea.
"I think you need that more than I do,"  I replied, but took it from him anyway.
"I've had three already."
"No joy with the radio?"  I asked as he sat down next to me.  Walker and Green were sat on the opposite side with a deck of cards.
"Nothing.  The city isn't giving off any kind of transmission and there's nothing up there."  He indicated the sky above with a finger.  "We'll try again tomorrow, then make our way into the city, twelve miles maybe."
"What about the Midian?"  Phillips asked, coming over with a similar mug.
"Orders were to leave orbit immediately.  They were out of range once we'd landed."  Taking out a slender tube of steel, Burns laughed.  "You still carry that damn thing?"  he said.  I took the battered copper penny whistle out and wiped the mouthpiece.
"Soothes the savage beast they say,"  I said and began to play a gentle ballad as softly as my lips would allow.  Burns shook his head.
“Can you play anything other than that same damn tune?” I nodded, grinning.
After a few minutes some had dropped off in their sleeping bags.  An hour later and they were all asleep.
All except myself who sat in the dim green light shining from the radio's control panel.  I seemed to be the one beast that couldn't be soothed.
CHAPTER 5

The morning came too soon.  The last thing I could remember was the little yellow light that flashed on the radio to say it wasn't receiving a signal.  Then I woke abruptly to Sergeant Phillips yelling at his troopers.
"Get up you girls, time to earn a bit of that oversized wage packet."  At some point in the night the watch had changed and led dribbling in front of me were Wulfgar and the rest of his unit.  Green and Walker could be seen outside walking the perimeter and I felt slightly guilty for not taking a post. The rank could be its own burden sometimes.
"Comms?"  said Burns coming in out of the morning sun.
"Nothing sir.  We're still not receiving."  Tekoa was behind the radio desk playing with the dials.
"Then pack up, we're moving out."
"Sir, what are you thinking?"  Phillips asked.
"I think we're in a hot zone.  I think we arrived a little late and they've started the party without us."
"But we've not met any resistance?"
"The drop crafts are designed to avoid detection, whether we're trying or not.  I think we've stumbled into something and it's only going to get worse.  My guts are telling me."  Burns turned to me.  "What do you think, Lieutenant?"
"I'd have to agree,"  I said getting to my feet.  "But either way we'd better get out of here as fast as possible."  Burns' brow knotted.
"You afraid of something, sir?” Phillips muttered.
"No, but that radio has been sending out tracer signals all night and if we are in range of an enemy receiver they'll know our position by now."  As if waiting for its cue, the digi-com burst into life.  It was the Sniper, Brand on the roof.
"Sarge, we have incoming, the west wall."
"How many?"
"A dozen at least.  Possibly armour.  Heat signatures are amber."
"Sarge, incoming from south side.  Light armour and troop movement."  Stomachs dropped into boots so fast you could almost hear them.  Burns shot a glare towards Phillips who rushed out into the fields and began organising a defence line.
"This is a bloody ambush!" he spat and stormed up the stairs to get a better look out of one of the windows.  I slung my weapon over my shoulder and left the Bergen where it was; then took up position behind sandbags looking out through the window.  From here I had a good clear field of fire over a ten-metre area.  As I settled in I listened to the digi-com reports as they came in frantic bursts.
"Sir, tank, closing in along the road side,"  Shouted one trooper who sounded like he was wrestling with the desire to break ranks and run.
"Sir, troopers coming in fast from the west.  Three minutes."
"Hold fire people, keep it together,"  said the reassuring Sergeant Phillips.
"Sir, half-track in bound, eight troops."  I recognised Green's shaky voice.
Then suddenly the thing died in my ear and I felt deaf for a moment.  I heard someone shout behind me, something about the digi-com being blocked.  All of a sudden it became very real, I'd been here many times, that dead space between readiness and conflict.  I felt caught in a time warp, stuck waiting and waiting.
Until Hell shattered around me.
They came in fast, crossing the fields at a sprint.  The shotgun bucked in my hands, spent casings flying past my ear as it fed another into the breach.  I saw two red clad troopers fall down in spasms, others rushing across to fill the gap.
One on my left exploded in red mist as Wulfgar opened up with his heavy weapon.  Three fell backwards in terror as it roared and tore up the ground with devastating effect.  Another trooper's head exploded as Brand's rifle cracked over me.
"Tekoa, advance!  Take out their tracks!"  The digi-com returned in broken verse just as I ducked down to load a fresh magazine, rounds whizzing past over my head and slamming into the shabby wall behind.  Then I rose again and scanned the carnage for targets.
One shell downed a trooper creeping along the sidewall, head down hoping to avoid the wrath of Wulfgar with a grenade in his hand.  Another managed to throw one into the roof space where Brand was and I saw it thrown back, exploding in a shower of turf and bone.
Behind me there were screams and I turned in time to see one of Walker's unit impaled by a combat knife.  Three enemy troopers had managed to get in through the back door of the kitchen and were laying down fire into the hallway.  The shotgun replied and one died outright, his legs split into strips by the shot.  Another fell wounded and got off a round that scarred my neck, only to be blasted by the last shell.
The lone trooper pulled a pin on a ball-bomb and dropped it into the room.  It rolled towards me like a toy, stopping at the toe of my boot just as I swept it up into my hand and lobbed it out of the window into three troopers advancing across the kill-zone.  Shots rang out behind me and the last intruder was cut down by sustained fire from the stairwell.
"Lieutenant!"  Someone yelled just before the world collapsed around me in a super nova and threw me to the floor.  For a moment I felt like I was underwater.  My ears were numb and all the sounds were warbly and far away.  Dust hung in a thick cloud, I was coughing and spluttering.
Then reality came rushing back in and I realised that a tank shell had demolished the whole south side of the building.  All that was left was a gaping hole where the enemy poured in.
Up on my feet I blasted the first three; another two came from my left but tumbled down the rubble as rounds tore into them from behind.  I crossed the broken doorway and found Burns being wrestled to the floor by a large trooper with a knife.
"Help me, John!"  He begged.  The shotgun cracked the trooper's skull on impact and he fell limp in a bloody heap on the floor.  "Where's Phillips?"  He yelled over the chaos.
"Outside, western wall,"  I shouted.  "This way!"
Clambering over the bricks and dust, we ran out into the sunlight as the tank went up in flames, it's sides torn open like tin by Tekoa's rocket launcher.  Flaming bodies came running out in anguish and each one was shot down.
Phillips was directing the defense to the half-track that had turned to hit the east wall, streaks of white gas chasing it as rockets launched to take it down.  One blasted off a track; the other missed and went wide, detonating in the tree line.  Three of Tekoa's mob swamped it, tore open the hatch and lobbed a grenade inside.  Then they ran as the top blew apart sending shrapnel in all directions.  Phillips was quick to seize the advantage and charged forward towards the last remaining enemy soldiers trying to storm the building, blasting from his pistol as he rallied the others behind him.
Then as quickly as it had begun, it ended.  Smoke bellowed from the destroyed armour.  Steam oozed from the bodies of the dead and dying.
"Consolidate,"  said Burns as he rounded up the dazed units.  "We move now!".
*
In just under ten minutes the remains of the unit gathered outside, Bergen’s on our backs and fresh magazines loaded.  Out of the original twenty-five only eighteen remained. Walker and me had gone round collecting the tags of the fallen, Wulfgar had taken as many of the weapons as he could; others took their personal belongings to send home to relatives.
"Troopers advance,"  Burns ordered and strode ahead into the tree line heading towards the city.  Tekoa took point and jogged ahead.  I was at the back of the group with Walker and Brand who looked worryingly unnerved by the situation.
"I don't like the idea of heading into the lion's den,"  said Brand nursing the long barreled sniper's rifle.  She, like the weapon was a thing of beauty, but it was sad to think of their purpose in life.  Her brunette hair was kept short and boyish but she had a strong womanly figure and war had taken none of her femininity away as it had done with so many others.
"I don't think we have much of a choice, do we sir?"  replied Walker.
"I suppose not.  Now that the Midian is out of range and the Avalon is committed elsewhere, we need to find another way off the planet," I said.
"I suppose you must be quite used to this, sir?"  Asked Brand who took a step back and fell in line next to me.
"What makes you say that, Brand?”
“I heard a few things about you, sir. Things from some of the other troopers if you don't mind me saying so.”
“Go on.”
“Well, you were in the tri-colony wars on Mars.”
“That's correct.”
“You led the charge on New Bakersfield. Turned the war around for us. Sir.”
“Don't always listen to rumors, Brand. Any history is boring without a bit of embellishment, don't you think?” I laughed. "I was at the tri-colony wars on Mars and yes, I did lead the charge on New Bakersfield. But the hero there was a young private by the name of Alex Shadsworth of Manchester, England. He actually stood on the wall between us and the colonists and gave the war cry that rallied the handful of us who'd survived the artillery fire.”
“What did he say?” asked Walker rather amazed.
“I will always remember it. He jumped up on the rubble, lifted his rifle up and shouted 'let's go fuck them up lads – the pub opens at three'.”
“You're joking, sir.” said Brand looking slightly disappointed. “What happened to Shadsworth?”
“After his heart warming speech a sniper opened his head like a melon.” They laughed. “It was a shame really. After that the unit were so angry that I had to lead the charge or they would have left me behind. So no, it wasn't anything to be proud of. Shadsworth deserves the credit.”
“Did he get any?” asked Walker.
“Yes. I had to give a report after the war was over and you will find his name on a brass plaque on the war memorial outside New Bakersfield. Underneath it quotes the very speech he gave. Or at least the edited version.”
“Alex Shadsworth. I'll have to remember that name.” muttered Brand.
Looking into her eyes as we marched through the fields, you could see that life for Karen Brand was lived through the rifle scope and must have seemed pretty far away until she was forced to be a part of it.  Behind the tough appearance was a soul at war with itself and I got the impression that the only way she could stay sane was to cut herself off from the horror, to get behind the rifle and pretend it wasn’t real.  If only it was that simple.
There was a cry from the front and somebody went down, falling out of line in a crumpled heap.  One of Wulfgar's flanks began firing and the rest us dove for the nearest piece of cover, Brand behind me, Walker shooting off to the left.
"Down!"  I shouted to the six or so that had gathered near me.  Bergen’s dropped to the floor and weapons opened up around my ears.  Brand crouched on her knee, scope hunting for a target and delicate fingers working the zoom control.  On my left I saw Walker dash forward to the next tree waving on three others.  Wulfgar was further along the line and charging forward, his huge frame hauling the great heavy machine gun that blazed flame and brass as he went, bathing the forest in awesome firepower.  "Forward!"  I yelled and ran ahead, rounds streaking past me until I reached the next tree.  Brand held back, three others came up behind me but one fell face down as a salvo blasted him apart.  Muzzle flashes lit up in front of me, I aimed and fired at what I thought was the nearest. Brand's distinctive report sounded behind me, then I felt her reach my side.
"Go!"  She yelled and I made for the next line.  Wulfgar was urging others to follow his lead, Walker was pinned down by bursts of sustained fire that were tearing chunks out of the trunk of the huge tree and another of his men went down, pitched off his feet by a head shot.
"Smoke!"  Green was running down the line hurling tubular bombs over the tops of the trees doing an incredible job of avoiding fire from both sides.  Flash blinded us as they detonated, then great plumes of white smoke engulfed the forward line and those able to got up and began running towards the north where Burns and Phillips waved them ahead.
"Let's boogey, Lieutenant,"  said Brand and I began to fall back.  The enemy was still firing, but without targets they were firing blind and white-hot slugs tore through the protective cloud in all directions.  Together we ran, heads down and fell in behind the others, Green bringing up the rear and still hurling bombs from a satchel.  Others were stabbing incendiaries into the ground, most likely on twenty second timers.
"Shit, that's the Bergen’s gone,"  Brand said as she slung her rifle and took up her pistol.  In the dense woodland the high precision tool was useless on the run.
"How many went down?"  Asked somebody in front of us in a panic stricken voice.
"Forget it, we'll lick wounds later,"  I shouted hoping the firm voice might inspire him to press on.  "Keep your heads down."
A few seconds later and explosions could be heard behind us as the timers went off.  I looked back just as a tide of super heated flame exploded around our previous position, most likely destroying both the Bergen’s and the bodies of the dead and dying.  I had no idea how many we'd lost, but that wasn't the priority now.  We were running blind and it wouldn't be long before they closed in on us.  My hopes of finding David, of even surviving the next night were fading fast.
"We aren't going to make it,"  Someone in front said.
"They're going to slaughter us!"  Another cried.
"Shut it you girls!  I'll have you dead myself before I let them kill you.  Nobody's taking my two bitches from me, you faggot slags!"  It was the Sarge coming back down the line shouting his head off to the unit.  He caught me at the back and started dividing up those around him.  "On me, east on the double or I’ll personally burn your asses back to the stone age!"
We divided up and headed east, away from Burns' squad to try and confuse the enemy. Phillips was checking the map when Brand and me jogged up to the front.
"Sir, what's the plan?"  I asked.
"The Lieutenant has broken away to draw fire to this point here."  He indicated a narrow valley deeper inside the forest - a good tactical position that offered an ambush option.  "We're to continue round in an arc, coming back round to hit them at the rear.  Then we'll rendezvous at this outpost."
"Then what?"  Phillips gave me a look that said it all.  The last stand.  "Do you know how many went down?"
"Out of the eighteen we had this morning, there's only thirteen now."
"Jesus,"  Brand muttered.  Five of us here, eight there.
By the time we'd come back round as Phillips had planned, we'd left our pursuers behind.  That only meant they'd concentrated on Burns' unit.  As we began to crest a rise in the terrain, evening was setting in and it wouldn't be long before we lost the light.  Already the canopy was blocking most of it out, leaving Brand to take point with the thermal imaging scope as our eyes.  I walked with Phillips as the other two troopers brought up the rear.
"We're here."
CHAPTER 6

The valley was a wash with gold and red and orange, cordite choked the air as it rose up to meet us and the brutal sound of war assaulted our ears.  We were on the east side looking down and we could see the eight comrades holding back a tide of ARC troopers who were dug in at the mouth of the valley.  Brand was on her belly and crawling into the bushes, edging up towards the lip with her rifle in front.  Phillips waved the other two troopers either side, me further down towards the ARC side.
"Any grenades left?"  He asked.  I checked my belt and shook my head.  "Only one."  He passed the white ball to me and I tore away the pin, hurling it down towards the rear of the group.  Then I threw myself down and readied the shotgun.  
The grenade detonated flinging an ARC trooper up into the air.  Brand's rifle cracked like lightning taking off the head of the foremost soldier.  My weapon jolted and writhed under me as I emptied the stock, stopping only to reload.  Several of the enemy collapsed, limbs tearing apart by the downpour of fresh fire.  They were stunned, unable to see where the renewed fire was coming from and began to break ranks, turning and running back down the valley.  Brand chose her targets well, picking off anyone who didn't run in bursts of vapourised blood and flesh.  Phillips emptied his pistol, loaded a fresh magazine and grabbed my shoulder.
"Let's give 'em the shit!"  He cried and the two of us charged down, firing from the hip.  Slugs flew past us, but the enemy was in retreat and firing blindly.  I felt a surge of adrenaline as we fell in amongst them, swinging our weapons like clubs.  Phillips had his knife out and was slashing into anyone strong enough to hold his ground, most had already run.  I slung the shotgun across my shoulders and launched my fist into the face of the first target delivering a crushing blow to a pale-faced soldier who'd managed to fit a bayonet to his rifle.  He stumbled back as I drew my combat knife and lunged forwards and down. He saw the glistening blade and side stepped out of my strike, grabbing the knife hand and wheeling me round. Ready for the move I slammed my knee into his chest rig and he lost balance giving me time to find my footing just as he went down over a corpse behind him. I followed with my full weight behind the blade and it passed straight through into his upper torso with a jet of blood spraying across my face. 
As I rose up once more a passing Red raised his rifle too close and I swung out my leg which crashed into his knee cap. He went down hard but the bayonet fixed to the end of his weapon sliced into my thigh and I screamed. Rolling away from him I was able to draw my pistol and put two slugs into his skull.
Pistols cracked in the darkness, firing at incredibly close range; blades catching the muzzle flash making them glitter in the night.  Bodies swarmed around me and I realised that it was Burns' unit coming in to finish the job.
"Come on Shap, finish the job!"  He yelled, but my mind was mush.  Warm fluid was trickling down my leg and the whole scene just looked hellish.  I was so dazed that I hadn't noticed an ARC trooper rising with a blade creeping across the dead towards me until his head burst open, splattering my face with brain tissue.  I turned and saw Brand still looking through the scope.
"Gather weapons, ammunition, whatever you can find and make for the rendezvous point,"  cried Burns who was walking between the troops, urging them to dig deep and get as much as they could carry.
"Thanks,"  I said as Brand came up beside me.  "I lost it there for a sec."
I slung the shotgun in favour of one of the ARC automatic rifles simply because there were no shells to be found and I was down to my last seven.  I was able to grab four sickle shaped magazines and two smoke grenades plus a number of 8.45mm rounds for Brand's rifle.
"The irony, using their own munitions against them,"  she said, pocketing the heavy shells.
Then we were on the move again, now down to ten men.  Three had fallen in the vicious hand-to-hand battle and Burns was counting the remainder.  Sergeant Phillips stood beside him, Wulfgar, Green, Walker, Brand, Tekoa and myself gathered round.  Two troopers, Misch and Thompson were still picking at the bodies of the fallen.
"Right, we move now.  Pair up and spread out.  It won't be long before reinforcements arrive,"  Burns said as he took point himself.  The night was in now and provided us with cover at least.  The forest became a disorientating mess of black pillars and noise, animals chirping away and birds fluttering amongst the leaves.  It was enough of a trial to hold back from firing at everything that moved.
"At least we'll have taken a lot of them with us by the end."  I'd paired up with Green, Brand moving to the front to make full use of the thermal scope.
"You seem confident that we're going to die here?"  I replied.  He laughed and so did Tekoa and Walker behind us.
"Why?  Do you think a miracle is going to happen between here and that tomb of a last stand the lieutenant wants us to take?"
"We've made it this far."
"Fifteen of us didn't."  Tekoa said.
"I'm not going to surrender to death.  I'm going to make him work for every minute he takes from me.  I'm going to fight to the end, knowing that it's in our hands whether we get off this rock or not.  Yes the odds are against us, but how you die is up to you."  The team went silent as we plodded on in darkness, the shadows closing in around us.
*
The outpost loomed up on us shortly after leaving the forest.  It was a clear night and both moons shone like bulled buckles on parade and the temperature had dropped considerably.  The building itself looked like a concrete box sticking awkwardly out of the top of a short rise, a radio antenna on the top waving in a gentle breeze.
"Phillips says it's the farmers only means of communication to the city,"  Tekoa said, giving us the tourist’s guide.
"How far is the city?"  Asked Brand.
"Over twenty seven miles now that we've detoured to here."  I could see Burns and Phillips approach the entrance, spreading the remaining troops out to cover them.  Burns took the door in with a swift kick and jumped out of the way letting the Sergeant move inside, M4B raised and ready.  After a few silent moments he came back out.
"Clear.  Everybody in, Tekoa, Green and Brand on the west wall, Shap, Wulfgar and Misch on the east.  Spread out and take three hours a piece."
“Great, another building ARC will be expecting us to stop in. Might as well have vid linked our position to them.” muttered Brand as she took her post. Sadly, she was right. I wasn't sure what Dan was thinking at this point and my earlier questioning of his decision had met with a chilled response. It wasn't like him and I suspected with so many of his men dead he was feeling the weight of that responsibility now. There was no need to, it hadn't been his fault where we'd been dropped. Still I knew the feeling all too well.
The building was a single room with only a small toilet cubicle on the north wall.  There were rows of desks down the left had side, chairs on the right.
"Everything’s empty,"  Burns said, pulling out a drawer from a cabinet.  "That means this place was evacuated.  Which means that the people knew they were being invaded, which also means this happened a while ago - our communications with them are either out of date..."
"Or doctored,"  I said.
"I can't believe this,"  He shouted and slammed a fist into the thin steel of the cabinet.  "We're right in the middle of enemy territory."
"Are we assuming the city has fallen?"
"There's only one way to find out."  Tekoa was stood behind one of the desks with a small digi com box in his arms.  "ARC will figure out that we've gone here.  They'll be on their way - might as well try at least."
"We've nothing to lose,"  I said.  Burns gave the nod and Tekoa began to work the controls. Burns motioned me to one corner of the room away from the others.
"For the first time in a long time I thought this was it - the command I wanted.  A command that wasn't just training exercise for fresh-faced troopers.  A command that might actually make a difference.  Now I've got half the team dead and we'll be joining them soon."  Burns' face was twisted in desperation and fear. “What the fuck am I supposed to do, John?”
“Lead. The worst thing you can do right now is question yourself. You'll undermine the team and put lives at risk.”
“I've fucked it up John. People are dead. Good people.” he hissed.
“We didn't pick the drop site and our intel was shit. Fact. You know better than to blame yourself for this. But what I will say is the longer we stay here the more at risk we are. This site is too predictable. We need to keep moving.”
I could see Dan pulling himself together. I knew he would, he wasn't weak, he just needed the facts putting out there plainly. “What do we know?”
“Comms are down. We can't raise the Avalon or the Midian for evac. Our only hope is that the city hasn't fallen and we can use their comms to call for assistance.”
“Then you have your plan, Lieutenant.” I said. Dan put a hand on my shoulder again but this time it was in thanks. Then he turned to the remaining members of his unit.
“We move out. We can't stay here, ARC will be on us shortly and we need to continue to our only hope and that's the city of Dothon. Pack up and be ready to move. ASAP.”
"I want another pop at 'em, sir. One for Tash.  She went down at the farmhouse,"  Walker said.
"Ten for me, I owe Mally.  He went down in the forest."  Green this time.
"I've got a score I want to better,"  Brand added.  We looked to Dan who just shrugged.
"I think you're all nuts."
There was a loud squeal as the digi-com came alive.
"I've got a signal, Lieutenant,"  Tekoa said.  "It's definitely coming from nearby."
"How near, soldier?"  He turned up the volume.  Then our hearts sank.
"CLOSING IN ON OUTPOST FIVE.  POWER SOURCE DETECTED. GO TO RADIO SILENCE."
*
At every available opening there was a trooper. At the doorway one of the desks had been dragged across and served as cover for Burns, Tekoa and Phillips.  Brand had crawled up through the roof hatch used to adjust the antenna and was led on the roof.  Walker, Green and Misch had moved to the west wall and me, Wulfgar and Thompson were on the east.
"Save your ammo, keep it short and controlled.  Then withdraw to the north wall.  Knives at the ready, people,"  Phillips whispered.
"Good luck and give 'em hell,"  Burns finished, just as the first shadows began to walk across the moonlit field.
Wulfgar opened up with his machine gun, cutting a swathe through the night.  Shapes fell down and hot brass showered me.  Rounds began slamming into the concrete and overhead Brand's rifle spoke in accurate succession. 
The whole building began to shake, dust falling from the ceiling as it was hit from all sides by sustained firepower.  I blasted a trooper who'd made it close to the wall and Thompson took out another two charging from the left while Wulfgar struggled to fix his jammed weapon.
Shots began to penetrate the concrete and Thompson went down screaming, his leg severed at the hip.  I felt his blood splatter across the side of my face but I couldn't risk turning away to help him.  They were coming in thick and fast now and Wulfgar was still fumbling with the machine gun.
Wulfgar began to yell at them just as he got his weapon back up, a guttural noise, which for a second scared me more than ARC.  Then he yanked on the trigger and let lose a deadly hail of rounds.  I got down from the hatch and tried to help Thompson, but it was too late.  He was led in a pool of lifeblood and his face was lifeless and still.
Wulfgar's shoulder vented a thick spray of blood as a slug passed straight through it.  He didn't even move, just kept his gun blazing away.  I got back up to the hatch and added my fire to his, taking down three ARC troopers pulling up a rocket launcher.  The tube dropped and released a white hot round into the sky.
The west wall fell.  The whole place was bathed in light and dust as a rocket exploded on its surface.  Walker and Green were thrown across the room like rag dolls, Misch took a chunk of stone through his stomach and fell down in two halves.
Wulfgar and me dropped and began firing out of the breach as the ARC troopers began to flood in.  Burns was pulling Walker out of the way; Brand dropped from the roof hatch and dragged Green into the toilet cubicle.  ARC men were clambering over Misch' body to get past but Wulfgar emptied the last of his ammo into them, cutting them up into pieces.  I threw him my machine gun and unslung the shotgun with its seven shells.  Together we charged forward, dropping at poor Misch' corpse and taking down two more troopers on their way in.  Brand was firing too and her large calibre rounds streaked golden lines through the smoke filled room on their way to their targets.

Then it stopped.
Everything went quiet and we thought we were finished, that they'd managed to bring up some heavy equipment to blow up the entire building.  Burns clambered to the nearest opening and looked out.
"They're pulling back,"  he said.
"They're gonna blow us up!" yelled Brand who was cradling Green as he led on the floor.
"Wait, I can hear something,"  I said.  It was a thumping sound, steady and getting louder.  Then the fields were washed with silvery light and the trees began to sway violently as it dropped from the sky.  ARC machine guns began to fire randomly at whatever it was and were met by the monotone cry of a twin laser cannon.  Invisible beams of super heat ripped into the forest, trees began to fall and the screams of dying troopers were drowned out as the vessel began to land on the western side of the building.
"Jesus Christ - it's one of ours!"  Cried Walker when he spotted it.  The hulk of a ship settled on the grass and its hatches blew open.  Six heavily armoured troops burst out and took up covering positions, another trooper waving us inside.
"Hurry, get in!"  He yelled.  Burns and Phillips lifted Walker and carried him up the ramp.  Wulfgar took Green on his broad shoulders while me and Brand dragged the bodies of Misch and Thompson, Tekoa following behind.  As soon as we were all inside the ship lurched upwards and banked right sharply.
We sat there in silence, staring at each other.  The relief had overwhelmed us, but now it was turning into depression and sadness.  Sadness because of the seventeen people who hadn't made it this far, who somewhere out there were rotting in a farm house, in the forest or even on this ship.  One of the troopers began to tend Wulfgar's wound, another wrapped up my thigh where the ARC knife had sliced into it.  I looked at Burns from across Thompson's body and his eyes caught mine.  He began to shake his head as the tears streaked down his face.  I looked at Walker, Phillips, Green, Tekoa, Wulfgar and Brand.  All had glistening lines running down from their eyes.
The pilot of the craft turned slightly in his seat.  "Lieutenant, we're approaching the city walls now."
CHAPTER 7

The city of Dothon was like a crown of concrete and steel that had been constructed in the middle of a huge open field.  Surrounded on all sides by an immense wall, the place looked more like a fortress than a holy city and its central church had a spire that clawed up towards the heavens.  Surrounding it were simple dwellings made of ornate stone with red tiled rooftops arranged in streets like that of an old English town.  From several hundred feet in the air I could see the early risers making their way in and around the gardens.
"It was once a military base you see, one of the frontier outposts,"  Remarked the pilot as he steered us down towards a landing field.  "Quite impressive eh?"  Most of the unit had drifted off; only Phillips and me were still awake.
"Yeah,"  Was all I could muster.
The ground spun beneath us as the anti-grav pads discharged steadily.  There was the stench of ozone associated with such technology and it seemed to waft in through a leak in one of the hatches.  Eventually we settled down onto the landing pad and the hatch hissed open.  Cool morning air smothered me as I pulled myself out of the seat and stepped down onto the gantry with a clank.  Phillips was waking the others as I greeted a Medic coming towards me.
"Does that leg need treatment?"  He asked.  I just shook my head and leaned against the grab rail.  We were on a raised dais, twenty metres above ground level.  Gurneys were being wheeled down towards the ship, Techs and Mechs swarmed over the craft with tools and diagnosis devices.  I took a deep breath and stepped forward into the sun.
"You must be Lieutenant Shap,"  said a voice.  I opened my eyes. Stood facing me was a tall, thin man with graying hair dressed in a pale blue suit.  He had dull brown eyes beneath thick-rimmed spectacles.
"I am.  And you are?"
"Eric.  Eric Titus.  I'm the Pastor here in Dothon."  He shook my hand but I don't remember raising mine, the fatigue was that intense.
That was the last thing I remembered.
*
When I woke I found myself led in a bed so soft I almost forgot where I was.  I could so easily have been back on earth in Canada, waking up to the birds and the sunlight filtering in through the blinds.  Then as I regained a firmer grip on reality, I realised that it wasn't birds singing - it was the gentle music of morning hymns being sung out in the gardens.
"You are awake?"  A voice asked.  I looked around the sunlit chamber and found a young woman perched on a stool by the door.
"Where am I?"  I asked.
"Dothon University medical wing.  You collapsed upon arrival."  The girl stood and walked over to me.  She was nothing but a fuzzy shape, my eyes bleary and sore.  Then as she leaned over I could make out short brown hair and a warm smile.  "My name is Rebecca.  You must be John.”
I tried to sit up and felt the sting of the wound on my thigh, the stiffness of the muscles causing a mild cramp.  Eventually she helped me to sit up and she passed me a thick gooey red mixture in a mug.
"It's a pain killer and an anti-inflammatory.  Drink it all."  I choked it down with a mouthful of water, coughed up a little and she passed me a towel.
"The others?"  I asked.
"In separate rooms along this hall.  The two deceased members of your party are in the Chapel of rest."
"Thank-you."
"No need to thank me, Lieutenant.  We were glad to help.  We just wish it could have been under better circumstances."
"I'd love to know what's going on,"  I said, looking out of the window but could see nothing.  "My rig, is it here?"  Rebecca went over to a cupboard and lifted it off a peg, then brought it over to me. In one of the pouches was a photograph, which reminded me for the first time in several days the reason I'd come here in the first place.  I held it up for Rebecca to see.
"You don't know a David St. John matching this photo do you?"  She looked intently at it, and then frowned.
"Sorry, I don't."
"Well, it was a long shot I suppose."
"Who is he?" she asked.
"A son of a friend.  I've been told he was posted here, to one of the missions in the Zion system."
"I'm sorry, no."  She walked over to the window and pushed one of the panes open a little.  "Do you feel strong enough for a walk?"  I slid out from under the quilt, let my good leg find footing first, and then dragged out the other.  Using the bedstead for support I pulled myself upright.
“Where are we going?”
“Morning service of course.”
“But I’m not...”
“I know.”
We walked a fair distance to the Church, a good mile at least.  I had a walking stick for support but the stiffness was resilient and refused to ease even as I sat down on one of the pews of the great building.  It was enormous in size, enough to accommodate the entire city, but humble enough not to risk becoming more important than the message it preached.  Unlike most Earth churches there were no elaborate decorations or gold trinkets - just a wooden cross at the front and a wooden altar to preach from.  Along the walls were speakers to amplify the sermon to nearly two hundred and sixty members of the congregation, as well as any stood outside in the gardens. 
I didn't hear much of the sermon. I was bored within a few minutes and it reminded me of all the times my brother had attempted to convert me through his vid links and books. Even after all this death I still wasn't ready to throw in my lot with the JC crowd.
Eric led from the front, giving me a grin when he saw me, and had pointed out our arrival in Dothon and the condition of my unit.  Then I realised that something had been missing from my belongings - the bag of dog tags.  Eric ended the service by reading out every last one, ARC and comrade alike, then called for prayers for the fallen.  I held back the tears a little; the dead didn't need tears wasting on them.  They were dead and that was a much better place now. It was us that needed the sorrow - we had more hardships ahead.
When he'd finished we walked back out into the sunlight, the late morning beginning to warm up as the sun rose overhead.  People began to make their way towards jobs or homes, laughing and chatting away to each other.  Not one of them seemed to realise that the enemy was on their doorstep.
"They don't know why we're here - do they?"  I asked Rebecca once we were far enough away.
"We can't risk panic.  We've known for a long time the progress of ARC forces in Zion and the Commander has kept it quiet so as not to startle them.  Don't forget, they are just humble people who don't know much about the enemy."
"And how did you come to know about them?"  She laughed.
"John, I'm the Commander's daughter."
*
Had I not been told, the family resemblance would have struck me first.  Commander Frakes was a strong oppressive figure, a poster boy for the recruitment ads on Mars but under it all was still the gentle, loving eyes of his daughter.  They shared common facial geography, an open face, a kind hearted face.  The only difference here was that Commander Frakes had been scarred beneath the surface by countless atrocities and the poison of such memory was leaking into his flesh.
The remaining members of the unit were gathered in a large open plan briefing room encased in a dome of safety glass.  At the end of an oval table sat Frakes flanked by two armoured bodyguards, to his left was Eric Titus and at the back of the room were a line of armed troops.  We sat around the table in no particular order, except Lieutenant Burns and Sergeant Phillips who sat nearest to Frakes.  Burns took him through the events that followed the attack on the Midian and he seemed to listen intently, nodding when appropriate.  He asked few questions while Titus fidgeted every time ARC was mentioned.
"Which brings me to thank you for your help at the outpost,"  Burns began to finish.  "It would have been our last stand if you hadn't intervened."  Frakes raised a hand and shook his head.  For some reason I was reminded of a Politician back on Earth, playing down a baby kiss or a tax reduction.  Frakes seemed to be secretly priding himself.
"No, it is I that thank you.  Without the valuable information your team provided, we would never have known the strength of the enemy forces without risking the lives of my scout teams.  The way I see it, God has led you to this place for reasons beyond our understanding, but reasons I am sure will be revealed in good time."
"Sir, I would like to examine the city schematics if I may.  I would like to begin preparations to defend Dothon until the arrival of the Avalon.  We must hurry, we have little..."  Eyes began to dart between eyes.  "Is there a problem?"  Burns asked.
"We received a distorted message from one of our sub-space relays.  The Avalon was destroyed over three days ago,"  said Frakes.  Burns looked to Phillips who could only shrug.
"How reliable is that relay?  If Earth has been receiving false messages for weeks, could this be another?"
"With respect, Lieutenant, in either circumstance the Avalon will not be arriving on time.  If it is a false claim then I'm sure the ARC forces would make sure that it became true by any means necessary."
"Then I assume a distress message..."
"One was drafted and sent over a week ago.  We can only assume it was intercepted."  Frakes leaned forward and his face lost its political edge.  "We have seen the ships landing.  We have seen them constructing their bases.  We have seen them hunt down and capture our people who stray out of our range.  They are returned to us on carts made of wood, burning alive as they hurtle down the hill towards our city walls.  Their heads are cleaved from their bodies, their children pinned to the corpse.  For weeks now we have watched and sent out message after message after message in the hope that we would be spared such a fate.  Every day and every night the people are praying.  We have faith that we will be saved from ARC, but at this point I am afraid that my faith is beginning to fail."  Defeated, he slumped back in his chair.  "But if I am to die, then I shall take up my cross and follow Christ as he asks."  I almost suggested negotiations, but I imagined they would be met by the same fate.
"Then all the more reason to begin preparations to defend the city.  It will be another five days before a team is dispatched to investigate, we must hold out."
"Lieutenant, my security team is made up of no more than one hundred God fearing men and the population of Dothon will not take up arms regardless of the consequences.  They simply don't have the heart to take life."
"Regardless, sir.  We must repel at all costs."  Frakes looked weary, forlorn in his tidy uniform.
"I see no point."  Burns shot to his feet and the line of troopers surged forward. I joined him, cutting in before he could lose control.
"God-damn it man, you would sooner put your faith in a miracle?” I shouted, slamming a fist into the table. “Are you saying you will throw down your weapons and let them take your women, your children, hoping some silent entity in the sky is going to save you? Let me tell you this – I’ve been in towns and cities just like this one, who refused help and relied on this 'god' and I watched all of them burn to the sounds of babies and children crying out for their mums and dads. Is this what you want?”
"He who lives by the sword shall die by it,"  said Titus, defeated.
"Inaction is the greatest sin here. In five days a ship of hardened troopers shall arrive to support us.  Defend the city and at least we might have a chance."  He motioned to Phillips who rose to his feet, followed by the rest of us.  "Will you supply us with the schematics, Commander?"  Frakes just looked at his clasped hands.  Eventually his eyes moved up from them.
"I will see that you get them."
"In the meantime my unit shall go to where they are needed, we are at your disposal."  We began to leave, but Titus grabbed my arm on the way out and gave me the same look he'd given me on the landing pad – disgust.
"You will have to give an account for all your deeds, Lieutenant. This day and all the others to come.”
“Maybe. How will you defend a life spent in cowardice, scared of losing your 'reward' in heaven at the expense of the lives of people you're supposed to be protecting?”
“You don't understand...” he said, angry and furious.
“You see, Frakes, I do. More than you know. Tell me this, would you still follow this god of yours if there was nothing in it for you – no heaven, no reward?”
Frakes was silent. “I thought not.” I said and walked away.
CHAPTER 8

The view from the outer wall was as impressive as Nineveh's must have been.  Its construction had allowed a walkway six men wide to encompass the entire city, separated every hundred metres by a rampart where in the frontier days massive artillery pieces would have been mounted.  Now all that was left was a collection of rusting boltholes and fractured concrete where the great recoil dampeners had been fixed into place.
"It's a shame we don't have a couple of those,"  Green whispered as Burns surveyed the area, comparing it with the wad of schematics in his hands.
"Somehow I don't think it would do much good,"  Walker replied.  Already Brand seemed to be eying up spots for her sniper's nest while Wulfgar looked on in silence.  Tekoa could be seen down amongst the people, moving in between the farms and the modest housing, making notes on a paper pad.
"Glad to see the optimist shining through, Walker,"  Green retorted, booting the solid concrete blocks that made up the five-foot high wall on either side of the walkway.  "With all this stone, you'd think we were pretty safe in here."
"Wait until that dead ground out there is teeming with cannons and plasma shells.  Then we'll see how long these walls last,"  Replied Walker, peering over the edge.  Green shoved him and he gasped, grabbing onto the lip.  "You idiot!"  He cried, but Phillips pounced.
"Shut the hell up back there or I'll throw you over myself."
"Listen up people,"  Burns shouted.  "I want Walker, Green and Wulfgar on weapons detail.  I want MPMG's every fifty metres, two rocket launchers per ten and grenades in bags at each rampart.  Anything that burns or explodes, I want it on these walls.  Brand, you're on an ammo hunt.  Then carry out anti-artillery drills because that's what I want you targeting.  I want the ten best nests you can come up with and easy access between them at a seconds notice.  You'll be deployed to where the fighting is worst via digi-com."
"Yes sir,"  they all replied in unison.
"Report back to the briefing room at twenty-two hundred hours.  Dismissed."  Once they'd gone, Burns looked at me and sighed.  "Well, Lieutenant.  What do you think?"
"I wish we could be sure that ship was coming.” I said.
"Hell, me too.  I also know that Earth is being fed a long line of bullshit.  They probably think that the Zion group is tickety-boo and have turned their entire force around.  Lieutenant we've been sold down the river."
"The Avalon?"  He just shrugged.
"What can I say?  We can't trust the relays; we can't trust they're not being intercepted.  We're cut off.  ARC has got this whole system sown up and here we are - right in the middle of it."
"What's the weapon situation?"
"There isn't one,"  said Phillips.  "Shotguns and short range rifles.  Some close combat weapons, knives and other such equipment.  This is a post-frontier fort designed to house a handful of civilian God-botherers. We're lucky they still had working machine guns and a handful of explosives.”
"But if we're to defend this place indefinitely, we're going to need some more weapons."
"And they are coming from where?"  I looked out across the fields, the dense forestry, and the tall trees.  A man could get lost in there.
"From ARC of course."
Tekoa came running up the outer rampart and arrived in front of Burns, clicking heels as he stopped.
"I have finished my assessment, sir."  He handed the note pad to Phillips.
"I've got a job for you, Tekoa.  One that fits your talents wonderfully,"  Burns said with a sly grin.
"The acquisition of enemy weapons, sir?"  Burns frowned.  
"What makes you think that?"
"Well, it seemed like a logical step, sir.  We have no weapons, they do.  I'm sure they would be glad to be relieved of a few.  Sir."
"As you were, Private.  As you were."
*
Night time came swiftly but the city of Dothon was restless.  In an emergency Church meeting, Eric Titus had explained to the people the danger we now faced and asked for prayer and steadfast faith in deliverance.  He also, reluctantly, called for volunteers.
"If any man here feels moved to stand at the wall, do so now.  I ask this not as a preacher, not as your leader, but as a brother.  The decision to bear arms, to take another man's life is not one to be taken lightly.  It goes against all we know, all we believe.  The Lord Jesus Christ came to us to preach peace.  We all know who ARC is; we know their goals and their motives.  We know without a doubt they are the enemies of our Lord.  But the facts are clear - diplomacy and negotiations have failed, they fall on deaf ears.  I cannot make this decision for you, nor can I find the words to guide you.  I can only suggest that you consult your hearts and pray.  Pray for us all."
I took the first patrol of the east wall.  The night air promised rain, but gave only a few drops here and there as I walked from one rampart to another.  At each of the two-man firing posts, chilled volunteers and green-faced troopers waited nervously for the klaxon, the harbinger of war.  The silence didn't help much and only added to the tension.
I walked past Green who was talking to one of the volunteers, a pasty-faced youth with a mop of blond hair and the legs of a runner.  They nodded as I stopped, overlooking the wall.
"Evenin' Lieutenant,"  said Green.
"How goes it?"  I asked.  The volunteer looked up from the ammunition he was holding and tried to grin, but his nerves were out of control.  "Easy brother, they aren't at the gates yet,"  I said to him and he managed a smile.
"Who's on lookout?  Who's got the finger on the bell?"  Green asked.
"Wulfgar, he's up in the spire with a portable transmitter.  Walker's up there too, he'll take over on the shift change."
I nodded once more and moved on to the next post, two troopers from the Commander's security detail who waved when they saw me.
"Good evening, sir," they said in unison.
"How goes it?"  I asked.
"Could do with a drop of the foaming ale, sir.  Other than that, we're doing just fine."
"Hell, the drinks will be on me once we get out of this mess.  Ale and communion wine on Frakes."  They laughed a little.  "In the mean time...” I dug into a pocket on my rig and handed them a small red sweet that when eaten gave a feeling of warmth like liquor - used a lot by hikers in extreme cold.  "Might keep some of the cold off."
"Thanks, Lieutenant."
"No problem, catch you later in the mess eh?"  Then I carried on to the end of my section of wall and saw Phillips coming the other way, him reaching the end of his.
"Evening Sergeant."
"Lieutenant."
"Any news from Tekoa, Sergeant?"  I asked before he shot off at double time.
"I doubt he would contact us before morning, Lieutenant."  Then he disappeared back down the south wall, barking remarks to the volunteers stationed at the firing posts.  No doubt he was angry at the use of volunteers and felt the need to express this at every opportunity.  Looking at my watch I had three more hours before shift change and I was ready for that bed.  Resolved, I popped one of the sweets in my mouth and began walking back the way I'd come.
*
As the shift began to change and tired, weary men began to drag their feet to the billets, the sun was starting its slow rise on the horizon.  It was much colder now than it had been during the night and I rubbed my hands together as Green began to climb down the ladder to ground level.
"I'll be glad of that pillow,"  he said, boots clinking on the rungs.  "Who's taking over?"
"Who cares?"
"What time are we back on?"  he asked, reaching the bottom.
"Ten-hundred,"  I shouted down.  I walked back down the wall to make sure my shift had changed and had been replaced with fresh troops, reached one of the ramparts and stepped up to the look out post.  Across the clear fields was the forest, dark and foreboding.  It would hinder movements of any vehicles; make them more visible as they trampled down the trees.  Troops could get in though, hiding in the scrub - waiting, but I put faith in the infrared sight of Brand and her keen eye to spot them.
"Lieutenant Shap?"  said a voice from behind.  Coming towards me was my counter-part in a clean pressed uniform of dull gray.  When he got close enough I realised who it was.
"Titus?"  The outfit hung loose on his thinning frame, but he didn't seem out of place in it.  "What are you doing here?"
"Well so many of my congregation have taken up the fight it seemed only fair that I meet their level of commitment."  He looked down at his uniform.  "I was once a Captain in the Navy, but I was a bigger man back then,"  he laughed.
"Did you ever get a commission?"
"For eight years I was the Captain of the Iliad, a fine vessel."  His mind wandered into reverie.  "I've seen many a conflict - both physically and spiritually.  Thank-fully all I Captain now is my congregation."
"Well I will leave you to your men, Captain.  Good day."  I turned and walked away, descended the ladder and took a deep breath at the bottom.  I'd known the Iliad during the battle of Turth when I'd first signed up; it was a legend amongst the troops - for all the wrong reasons.  In the third year of the conflict the planet of Turth Primary had been overrun by the enemy leaving a small group of civilians and troops defending the last jetport.  After several days the Iliad eventually arrived to rescue them, but when the survivors used a captured vessel to escape the planet, an arrogant Captain blasted it out of the sky.  Blaming the heroic survivors for not identifying themselves in correct protocol, the Captain had evaded a court marshal.  It had left the ground troops very wary of the Navy and morale had been severely affected.  Like so many before, perhaps Titus had turned to Zion to escape the guilt, or come face to face with it and repent.  I had a feeling only time would provide the answer to that one.
*
I woke from a peaceful slumber to a screaming siren and nearly fell from my bunk.  All around troops dived into their boots, slung weapons and ran for the door, some charging into each other in the chaos.  I jumped down and pulled the straps tight on my boots, grabbed my rig and shotgun and followed.
"What's going on?"  I shouted as we hit daylight.  One of the security staff on the wall was waving to someone, directing their view to the west but the low sun obscured him.
"An incoming vessel, westerly flight plan.  Radar picked it up early,"  said someone who melted into the throng.  I found the nearest ladder and began to scale the wall.  At the top was Phillips who directed people this way and that.
"Do we have any details?"  I asked and followed him to the third rampart.  I could already see the Lieutenant with a set of binos, scanning the tree line.
"A small cargo vessel on a direct course, several larger craft in tow,"  he replied.
"Is it Tekoa?"  We reached Burns who was accompanied by Commander Frakes.
"If it is, he's taking one hell of a risk."  In my short time knowing him that was exactly his style.  Phillips put a finger to his ear, his digi-com unit spitting out noise.
"Lieutenant, he's signalling.  One word...” Phillips listened again, asking it to be repeated.  "Trojan."  Burns cursed and passed the binos to Frakes.
"Order the pad to be activated and ready the men.  This is going to be messy."
"Lieutenant, what does that mean?"  Frakes said, but Burns was already out on the wall and began pulling every third man from the fire posts sending them down the ladder.
"Phillips, get me a link to Wulfgar and Brand.  Shap, take a team to the landing pad and get ready to off load the weapons as soon as he touches down."
"Lieutenant Burns, I demand to know what is happening!"  Frakes spat like an upset toddler.
"Commander, my man is flying in a ship loaded with weapons.  Behind him is a fleet of ships to stop him.  If one of those ships realises how little we are defended and reports back, we're finished.  Right now the ARC forces have a good reason not to storm this place, they think there's a chance it's been reinforced by large numbers of troops.  As they fly past they'll scan the city, realise we're bluffing and this afternoon they'll hit us with everything they've got.  We must keep the advantage if we're to stand a chance of surviving."
"Sir,"  interrupted Phillips.  "Wulfgar and Brand on channel three."
"So what do you intend to do?"  asked Frakes.
"Destroy them all."
Tekoa came in hard.  From my view on the landing gantry I could see he wasn't going to hit the brakes until the last possible minute and I ordered the six men behind me to pull back into the control room in case he failed.  I began to twitch as the slick black craft banked upwards, grav pads moaning at the strain they were being put under, arcs of electricity striking out at nearby steel work.  As it hit the magnetic grapples he dropped the power and the ship ground to a halt on the pad.
"Forward!"  I yelled and sprinted down the gantry, cocking the shotgun.  Already the hatch was springing open and I saw someone moving in the darkness.  I dropped to my knee and raised my weapon.  "Identify!"  I shouted.
"Do you still fear the Greeks when they bring you gifts?"  Tekoa emerged from the hatch and threw out the first box.  I sent two troops forward into the ship but held the rest back until they'd cleared it.  When they emerged I ordered weapons to be slung and began loading a floating trolley with the gear.
"You took your time,"  I said, laughing.
"I stopped off for a coke and a sandwich."  As we emptied the vessel, the sky lit up in cobalt flashes.  As I looked up a craft the shape of a paper aeroplane and the colour of night itself scorched the sky, it's flanks ablaze from a well placed rocket.  Two others followed but they appeared undamaged.
"Hurry up,"  I urged the team.  "We need to get inside, this thing's a sitting target."
We worked fast and with only the last two crates inside, Tekoa and me ran back to the control room to seal the hatch once they'd brought them in.  But as the sky began to burn again, a single laser bolt sliced the ship in half, setting the cockpit on fire.  A gulf of flame swept across the pad incinerating two of the team, another was flung to the floor, his clothes alight.
The rest of us ran forward as more beams of crimson light cut into the pad.  The gantry was severed at the magnetic buffer and sparks of molten metal rained down on us as we fought the flames on the trooper's back.  We lifted him up onto our shoulders and made for the control room, but the platform collapsed and we went down face first.  The world became a place of searing heat.  I felt myself sliding backwards, I realised I'd lost grip of the trooper and was free falling.  Then I suddenly jerked to a halt as someone grabbed my chest rig.
"Grab the rail!"  shouted Tekoa.  "I can't hold on."  I looked down and saw the ground below.  It looked like a gateway to hell, a circle of fire where the ship had fallen from the pad and slammed into the field beneath it.
I reached out and grabbed the ruptured pipe, pulling myself up.  Tekoa got to the top and held out a hand which I took, then he pulled me the rest of the way and we dived into the control room just as the gantry broke away and fell into the fire.  Looking around I saw only two others, the rest lost to the explosion.
"At least they didn't die in vain,"  someone said, but I couldn't really hear much more over the sound of rockets being launched into the sky.  My eyes stung from the heat, they felt dry like I had sand in them.  My hands were black, my hair scorched.
"Come on, grab that crate,"  Tekoa said and pulled me to my feet.  "They'll need that."
We took the lift to the top of the wall and emerged in the middle of a chaotic firefight.  Machine gun fire stuttered across the stone as fighter craft swooped past and one of the security staff was instantly maimed by the ferocity of it.  On the top of one of the University buildings the gigantic shape of Wulfgar stood as he launched rocket after rocket into the skies, seemingly tiny troopers reloading the launcher behind him.  In the belfry of the church streaks of brilliant white heat shot out from one of the windows, definitely Brand with her trademark rifle.
"Open it up!"  Tekoa shouted as the two troopers lifted the lid on the huge case.  I got down and began helping him to assemble the long tube, fitting the digital targeter into place.  Seconds later we were moving again, up onto the rampart and dropping the tripod.  Tekoa eased the first heat-seeking projectile into the mouth of the great weapon and flipped open the trigger guard.
"Get the hell out of the way,"  he yelled and the two troopers disappeared.  I opened my mouth and covered my ears as Tekoa expertly aimed the stolen technology, waited for the precise moment and released.
The rocket went wide and the craft banked left, twisting away from us.  But the rocket was quick and began to turn leaving a white haze in its wake.  The craft jinked, turned and shot right across the church only to hit the missile head on.  The craft detonated in a brilliant burst of radiant heat and came down in a mass of white hot metal onto one of the evacuated farmlands.
The final craft began to break off, realising that it was fighting a losing battle.  Wulfgar and Brand chased it with salvos, but it was going too fast.
"If it leaves, we're finished,"  I said, sliding another rocket into the tube.  Tekoa spun it round on its stand and took aim.  "Make it a good one,"  I said. The craft was almost over the horizon when the rocket finally fled the launcher and it chased it with furious resolve.  We watched as both disappeared behind the tree line and our breathing stopped for what seemed like an eternity.
"Jesus Christ and all the disciples, did we get it?"  He asked.  Then he got his answer.  The sky lit up with a flame that engulfed our view, an explosion of sound not far behind.  A cheer went up from the troops and weapons were being waved in the air.
"Not bad for a beginner eh?"  Tekoa said and collapsed onto the floor.
CHAPTER 9

"We must make this brief, gentlemen.  Private Tekoa informs me that the ARC forces are already mobile and heading towards us."  We were in the domed meeting room once more, Commander Frakes had relinquished his seat at the head of the table and Lieutenant Burns had taken his place.  Everybody looked anxious and the feeling of despair was tangible.  "What was your estimation of strength of the enemy, Tekoa?"
"Well sir, after leaving the city yesterday I found the first signs of ARC patrols, tracks in the forest of at least six units with eight men a piece.  I followed these tracks under the cover of darkness for several hours, noting that it was a northerly direction away from the city.  As the tracks ended I came across a clearing..."
"That would be Webber's farm, the largest in our community,"  Frakes interrupted.
"Well it was obvious that the land was the main staging post for the enemy.  I made a complete circle of the site; over two square miles and found in its centre a landing pad where munitions and vehicles had been dropped.  There were several fighter craft, some cargo vessels and plenty of medium strength tanks."
"Troop numbers?"
"Well in excess of a thousand foot sloggers, several tank regiments but I saw no artillery operators, sir. Looks like they want to take the city in once piece. ARC use Atmospheric Lances as their main artillery and they are visually distinctive. I found no evidence of them amongst their equipment.”
“That's a small bonus then. But it does seem odd.” said Burns.
“Perhaps they weren't expecting a dug in presence here. ARC forces will be stretched across this system as it is.” I added.
"Then we're doomed anyway,"  sighed Frakes dropping his head into his hands.  "They intend to wipe us out."
"I'm afraid that the Commander is correct in that assumption.  Before I was able to steal the weapons and make my escape, it was clear that they were gathering into formation, ready to advance upon the city," Tekoa spoke.
"Why so many for such a small city?"  Asked Phillips.  "What's so important?"
"If I may sir, I believe that our earlier landing and our escape from ARC troopers in the forest has given the impression that the city has been supplied with reinforcements.  They have responded accordingly as best they could. They had arrived here on Sidon expecting an easy conquest of colonists, not us."  
Frakes shot up from the table and charged out of the room, ranting wildly about God abandoning them.  Everybody seemed to be avoiding each other’s eyes.
"In your opinion, Tekoa.  Do we stand a chance?"  Asked Burns after a painful silence.
"In truth?  No.  We may hold out a day, two at the most if we fall back to the church, but in the end I cannot see us surviving.  We're horrendously out numbered."
"Then we make them work for it.  By God we'll make them struggle and die for every last inch of the city.  We'll give them a fight they'll never forget in a hurry,"  said Phillips, confidently.
“Well Sargent we finally agree on something.” said Burns getting up from his seat and taking out his wallet. “200 credits per tank destroyed. 300 credits for every craft shot down. 50 credits for each ARC soldier sent on his way to where ever he believes he is going. You will be deducted 50 credits for every half kilometre lost to the enemy. Sound like a deal?”
The remaining members of Burns' squad laughed and in unison took the bet.
“Okay then. Get to your...”
Suddenly the door burst open and a member of Frake's security staff charged in, a box in his outstretched arms.
"Sir, I've found a digi com amongst the ammunition Private Tekoa retrieved.  It's designed for short range orbital communication!"  
Tekoa ran over to it and began looking at the controls. “Lieutenant – it can encode the message. We've got a good chance of getting a decent message to our ships with this.”
A grin formed on Burns' face. "You have your orders.  We make our stand.  I want the weapons distributed along the north wall, I want a path cleared for fall back manoeuvres and I want every body that can't fight for themselves in the church.  Tekoa, get this radio up to the spire, I want an emergency signal broadcast on all frequencies at all times."
*
By mid afternoon of the second day, the entire wall was as ready as it was ever going to be.  I was standing at the foremost section behind a line of volunteers and security staff.  The sun was over us now, an advantage for any army but ARC forces had yet to show.
"Sir, the tree line."  I looked up and saw movement like a red tide sweeping across the fields.  It engulfed the horizon before us and I heard the troops gasp in shock.
CHAPTER 10

The enemy wasted no time in crossing the empty land between the forest and Dothon.  Lines of heavy tanks daubed in the black and red colours of the ARC forces churned up the ground with their tracks, providing cover for a line of troops following on foot.  In the trees I could see blossoms of fire reaching up to the sky.  Long range tank fire.
"DOWN!"  I shouted and flung myself forward.  Seconds later the shells fell into the farm land behind us, overshot.  The volunteers were screaming at each other as another barrage fell down around our ears, demolishing the red brick houses like cards.  "Stand fast!"  I bellowed.  Over the wall, the line was rapidly crossing the field.  Soon the huge cannons mounted on the hulls of the demonic looking war machines would be in range and already they were decreasing their elevation as they approached.  
I turned to my right and Wulfgar, his naked torso covered in garish tattoos, raised the rocket launcher Tekoa and me had struggled with onto his shoulder.  Three others across the ramparts down the length of the north wall had done the same with similar weapons and were waiting for the word to fire.
The terrified men looked up just as Wulfgar filled his lungs and let out a savage animalistic roar.  In solid unison every launcher fired and lances of heat and smoke struck the enemy lines, ARC troopers crashing to the floor as they detonated.  Some were blown apart or vaporised, others were hit by the shrapnel as the tanks were split open by well-aimed strikes.  "Now get up and fight!"
The north wall opened up with everything it had.  Devastating hails of machine gun fire poured down from the firing posts, killing the bulk of the foot sloggers in a single wave.  More rockets were let loose from the ramparts, more tanks were splayed open like tin cans.  Those that weren't hit began to break away, turrets swivelling round to fire on the move with a grinding of metal and cogs.
"NORTH WALL GET DOWN.  INCOMING!"  I yelled and the line collapsed behind the stone.  The wall shook beneath us as shells slammed into it, too low to do any serious damage.  Wulfgar roared again, throwing the spent launcher to the ground and taking up another.  Aiming low over the wall he targeted the roving tanks and decimated one outright, blowing the tracks off another.  The crew began to climb out of its hatches as an internal fire ravaged the machine, but they were shredded by the line of troopers to my left who opened up as soon as they saw them.
“It looks like the Lieutenant owes you a few credits, Wulfgar.” I said.
The tank shells still thudded round after round into the farmland, but from the pockmarked earth I could see their aim adjusting, drawing nearer to the wall.  I pressed the digi-com control on my rig.
"Shap, Burns.  Shap, Burns."
"Burns receiving."  Burns was on the south wall directing the anti-air defenses.
"Sir, we have long range tanks closing in.  Location forest north, two clicks at best."
"Received.  Mortar crew inbound.  ETA three minutes."
I imagined Brand in her vantage point itching to take out a few of the survivors who were running back towards the forest.  Most lay dead or dying on the field and the whole northern front was awash with smoke from burning wreckage.
"Ease down boys.  Let's enjoy the respite while it lasts,"  I said and began to walk the wall.  As I reached the first rampart, Wulfgar stood lugging crates of fresh rockets into position.  The two loaders were sweating franticly, trying to keep up with the giant.  "He's keeping you busy then?"  I said to them.  They just nodded and heaved the next box up to him.
I began to walk back, keeping my eyes on the forest as ARC forces began to move ready to assault again.  A dozen more shells landed behind us and the men of the north wall seemed fixated with them.
"Ignore them, lads.  They clearly can't shoot straight,"  I said, just as one landed a hundred metres from them, spraying them with mud and clods of grass.  They started to panic again.  "Look out, here come our boys."
The mortar crew moved into position in pre-dug holes, six in total.  These mortars were a little more powerful than the conventional type, packing a heavier charge and a more dependable launcher.  Something had to be said for the equipment the ARC industrial planets were producing.
"Mortar crew, Shap."
"Shap receiving.  Go ahead."
"Mortar crew in position, ready to launch.  Confirm location please."  Before I could answer, another voice signed on.
"Brand, Mortar crew.  Distance two-point-six clicks, location two-eight-three degrees north, wind minimal."
"Mortar crew, Brand.  Received."  Brand of course had a much better view and a keener eye for distance than me.  A Sniper's skill.  After a few moments the air was filled with the thuds of the mortars as they slung shell after shell into the air and over our heads.  The violent conversation carried on for twelve minutes, but already the damage could be seen.  In the forest, fires were rising up above the canopy and some of the muzzle flashes had ceased.
"Burns, Shap."
"Shap receiving, go ahead."
"South forest sees troop movement."
"Phillips, Burns."
"Burns receiving."
"West w... s.... ARC tr..pers inbo..d."
"Burns, Phillips, repeat.  Over."
"West wall sees movement on horizon, four clicks."
"Burns received.  Give 'em hell."
The north wall was struck again, just as a formation of light fighter craft crested the horizon from the north east.  A line of tanks backed up by APC's were advancing across the field and the men had no choice but to get down behind the wall as the craft swooped by overhead.
They came in low, blasting the wall with streams of tracer fire.  Three on my right went down screaming and another two were caught by stone fragments and dropped clutching their bloodied faces.  As soon as they'd passed by I gave the order to stand but the wall shook again - the tanks were close enough and were aiming higher this time.  The firing post on my left exploded and I fell face down landing badly on my weapon.  The pain in my ribs was terrible, but I was able to stumble back onto my feet and I clutched the wall for strength.
"FIRE AT WILL!"
More volunteers rushed to fill the places of dead men, adding their fire power to the rest.  From his commanding rampart, Wulfgar sent rocket after rocket into the spaced out line of tanks, most of his shots making good hits.  Some went wide and blasted the already scarred ground.
Then from one of the command post buildings I saw slivers of light cut through the haze of cordite, Brand's contribution to the melee.  I saw one of her well-aimed shots pass through the open hatch of a reckless vehicle as it strafed across her field of fire.  It spun out of control, rolling onto its side and spilling its human contents into the chaos.  Some lived only a few seconds before being cut down by the frantic fire.
My ears suddenly stung with the shriek of the fighter craft as they made for another pass, two short after the anti-air defense had dealt a punishing blow.  I ordered the men back and down behind the rear wall, but six were torn apart as the craft banked hard and opened up with everything they had.  As they turned to make another sweep, two guided rockets caught up with them and felled one in a brilliant show of blue light and heat, the wreckage falling down into the forest and setting the dry vegetation alight.
Then we were up again and firing down at the troops ejecting from the APC's.  Most were carrying large cases, most likely highly volatile explosives to weaken the wall.  They were designed to generate an exothermic reaction, one that wouldn't just blow up the wall, but weaken the supports inside with intense heat.  It was a suicide mission on their part, but they also knew we could risk detonating the bombs with our own grenades.
I directed the men's fire down onto them, calling up one of the few flame units we had on the digi-com.  With tanks strapped to his back, Green came jogging up the wall.
"Afternoon, Shap,"  he said chirpily.  "Good day for it."  His bizarre sense of humour was all but refreshing.
"Time for a barbecue."  I said, leading him to the wall.  He leaned over, me grabbing his belt for support and emptied the tanks down onto the ARC troopers while the others continued to fire.  The heat from the flame unit wouldn't be enough to set off the explosives and as the screams rose up with the smell of burning flesh I yanked him upright again.
"Glad I could help,"  he said, unbuckling the spent bottles and hurling them over the wall.  "Catch you later."  He began to run back down the wall just as the remaining craft were making a final pass.  The men fell back without orders and as I got my head down the world became a swirling mess of stone chips and burning flesh.  Three to the right had their legs blasted by the attack; a fourth fell down gargling blood as the hole in his neck opened up.  From where we were we saw the anti-air crew open up, rockets chasing after the ships like wild animals.  One went down in a spiral, slewing into the ground.  Another swung right and crashed into the tree line.  The third nose-dived and horrifically slammed into the remains of the landing pad where a unit of reserves were waiting.  Flames licked up from the site and I felt my heat sink.  Over twenty men had been waiting there to bolster the southern wall.  Now they were dead before they'd even started.  I could sense the men were as morally crushed as I was.
As we stood up, the enemy forces were in retreat.  At the base of the wall the suicide squad had failed to plant any of the explosives, which was a victory in itself.  But we didn't feel victorious.  The dead were lying amongst the shattered stonework, their blood pooling where the drains ran it to a down pipe and into the fields below.  Those lucky enough to have survived with serious wounds were already being carted away by civilian volunteers, most likely to the university medical wing.  That made me think about Rebecca and I wondered where she was, either in the church, or helping the wounded.  My thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the digi-com.
"Burns, Shap."
"Shap receiving, go ahead."
"Enemy in retreat at south wall.  Stand by."
"Shap received.  Standing by."
"Phillips, Burns."
"Burns receiving."
"Enemy in retreat, west gate."
"Burns received.  Stand by."  It looked like we'd repelled them.  For now.
CHAPTER 11

The sun was setting when I was relieved from the north wall.  Eric Titus greeted me at the base of the ladder as I climbed down.
"How are you doing?"  He asked, his uniform covered in grey dust.
"Fine, but the lads look a little shaken, they could do with some rest,"  I replied.
"I'll relieve them once I've been allocated some more men." I turned to go, the command centre looking more and more appealing. 
The command centre was relatively quiet as I climbed the stairs to the temporary billets.  I passed a number of volunteers heading the other way, most likely to relieve the north wall.  They tried to smile, some waved, but most just marched past with blank faces, faces already resigned to their fate.  When I found a free bunk I unbuckled my boots, slid out of my chest rig and led back on the hard mattress.  My mind whirled with the whole day, replaying scenes over and over again from different angles, different perspectives.  I thought about those who'd fallen, those who'd been carried away with horrendous injuries.  I could still smell the thick odour of scorched human flesh and it clung to the inside of my nose and wouldn't go away.  I felt my ribs and winced at the tenderness.  Under my shirt I found a little swelling and bruising, but nothing serious, probably just a cracked rib where the stock of the machine gun had slammed into it.
I slept fitfully, dreaming of the end.  It played itself over and over.  Sometimes I died alone, sometimes surrounded by troops, sometimes shot, sometimes crushed under stone.  In the end I woke up and led there staring at the bunk above me until I drifted off again, only to repeat the torment.
The third time I found myself led on my side and as my eyes adjusted to the darkness I noticed a shape kneeling beside me.  I sat up and flicked a switch for an overhead reading lamp.  The pale white light cast itself on the kneeling form of Karen Brand.
"Brand?"  I asked, rubbing the sleep from my eyes.  "What's wrong?"  When she looked up her eyes were red raw and her cheeks stained with dry tears.
"I don't want to die."
"None of us do, so we must try to stay strong and survive another four days.  Help will come."  I swung my legs over the edge of the bunk and sat there, elbows resting on my knees, head bowed.
"All my life I've watched death through the scope.  All this time I've been so far away from it all.  But now I can see it without the scope - it's right there in front of me and now I'm in its sights.  I'm the target.”
She looked down at her rifle and I wondered if she was capable of being more than three feet from it.  Had she become so engrossed in her internal struggle that her only anchor to reality was in that piece of steel and plastic? Or had her life been halted prematurely by parents who forced their little girl into military service too early?
“True. I can't give you some tale about how we're going to get out of this or how it's all part of some divine plan. Or that even in death things will get better. I don't have a false hope for you. But all I do know is that I’ve been here before. I've survived because me and the people around me didn't give up. Those that did are dead now.”
“How do you not give up?” she asked through broken sobs.
“Keep asking that question and you'll find out.” 
Eventually she smiled, wiped away the tears and together we stood up.
"Thank-you,"  she said.  "Sometimes I just need to vent some of the stuff that’s built up.  Call it therapy."
"Hell, we all need to sometimes."
"Maybe I'll return the favour one day."
"I hope you never have to."
*
As dawn broke I found myself on the wall again, though this time I was surveying the damage done to the western gate.  Although the attack here had been less concentrated than the north, the main entrance and exit to Dothon had suffered.  The two metre thick doors had been hit with a successful suicide bomb and the outer skin had fused in a molten heap that dribbled down to the ground.  Joined permanently, they would never open again but they had been significantly weakened.
"The early bird eh?"  said a voice from behind me.  I turned and saw Tekoa walking his patrol line.
"Couldn't sleep."
"Me neither.  Green and Walker though - out like a light and snoring away in the billet."
"That's typical."  He came and stood next to me, whistling low as he looked at the doors.
"Those bombs of theirs are quite nasty, aren't they?  I sent a team out to retrieve the ones left at your side of the fence.  Quite a piece of work.  I thought I might as well out them to good use."  I looked at him, puzzled.  "Oh you'll see.  Wouldn't want to spoil the surprise."
The bodies of the ARC troops lay rotting in the early sun.  Large black birds swooped down and plucked strands of muscle and skin from the bones, carrying them away in their shimmering silvery beaks.  I noticed that there were no weapons or belts on the corpses, probably retrieved by Tekoa and his men.
"What a way to die,"  I muttered but he must have heard me.
"There's worse ways, Shap.  I've been listening to some of the civilians; they've been sharing their horror stories with us.  Friends and families taken while working the farms, coming back in pieces dropped from the air to terrify them, blood dropping like rain onto the city.  Seeing those bodies out there makes me feel robbed of some kind of justice, like maybe they should have suffered more."
"That would be a waste of resources,” I said coldly.
"I suppose.”
"Peace is the largest cause of war in my opinion.”
"Is that some kind of Zen shit?” Tekoa said.
“Possibly. Sounds smart doesn't it?” We laughed.
As we stood gazing over the edge, lost in our own thoughts, there was movement from the tree line to the west.  Tekoa, binos swinging on a cord round his neck, lifted them to his eyes and surveyed the forest.
"I think this is phase two,"  he said and pressed the digi-com control on his lapel.  "Tekoa, Burns."  There was a pause as we waited for a response.  Vague shapes could be seen moving amongst the vegetation and I took the binos from Tekoa and had a look myself.  True enough, troops were moving into some kind of formation.
"Burns receiving go ahead Tekoa."
"Sir, we have movement to the west, possible mobilisation of the enemy forces."
"Received.  Stand-by."
I scanned the horizon trying to catch a look south and north, but the ramparts blocked my view.  Then I passed the binos back and tapped my lapel.
"Shap, Brand."
"Brand receiving, go ahead."
"What can you see?"
"Give me a moment, Shap."  I watched the forest shifting like a red tide as the lines were strengthened by medium strength armour.  I looked at the dead ground between us and began to wish it were a few miles longer.
"Brand, Shap.  Forces concentrated to the west, small movement in the north, nothing on the south."
"Shap received.  Keep me informed."  Suddenly the klaxon began to wail into life and the civilian population began to hurry from their homes to the church.  Troops scaled the ladders and took up their posts.
"I suppose you'd best get to the north wall,"  Tekoa said with an air of defeat in his tone.  He held out his hand.  "Good luck."  We shook.  "It's been a pleasure."
"We're not finished yet, Will,"  I replied.  "I am in no rush to die just yet."
"I am. Somebody might take my place."  I heard him laughing as I walked away.
CHAPTER 12

The tanks came at us first.  A good number of the north wall troops had been pulled and sent to the western gate but of the men I had left, a great number of them were from the reserves and hadn't seen combat yet.
"Wait until I give the order,"  I shouted over the rumbling machinery.  They were a lot bigger this time, armed with hull mounted siege cannons designed to do the maximum damage to the wall.  No troops walked alongside them, they just plodded along the field skirting the wreckage of their fallen comrades.  I tapped my lapel and called up Wulfgar who came jogging, his two aides struggling to keep up.
"What do you suggest?"  I asked him and pointed to the mammoth vehicles.  He scratched his chin thoughtfully, and then waved one of the aides away to one of the ramparts.  He came back carrying a slender tube with a sharply pointed missile sticking out of one end.  Raising it to his shoulders, he took aim and I began to move the nearest lads back.
The rocket hissed loudly as it left the weapon.  Wulfgar jerked backwards as it spun downwards towards the nearest tank, piercing the front armour with a puff of black smoke.  There was a moment or two before the hatch blasted up into the sky and the sides blew outwards in a flash of white fire.  I must have looked too pleased because when I indicated the rest of the tanks, he just shrugged.
"That was the last one,"  his aide said.
"We don't have any more?"  I asked as my heart sank.
"Nothing."
"What about the mortar crew?"
"Out of rockets.  They've taken up weapons and are manning the south wall.  All we have left are the anti-air missiles and we can't risk wasting them."
"No, no.  I understand."  I looked at the advancing line, their course unaltered by the loss of one of their own.  "Our rounds will never pierce that kind of armour,"  I said to myself.  Wulfgar turned and began to walk away, his tired aides taking up pace behind.  I looked at the lads and sighed.  They were looking at me, wondering what the hell we were going to do.
At that point a young boy came running down the wall with a box in his hands.  When he reached me he fell to his knees and tried to catch his breath.
"What is it?"  I asked, taking the box from him.  It was a detonator switch.
"Tekoa, Shap."
"Shap receiving, go ahead."
"That surprise we were talking about."  I looked at the box, the boy still unable to speak.  Then I looked at where the tanks were on the field and noticed them approaching a line of holes dug in the ground.  My spirits lifted again and I pulled back two troops from one of the firing posts, stepping up to get a better view.
"What are we going to do, sir?"  One of them asked.
"Watch."  I waited until they were right on top of the line, and then flicked the safety cover to one side.  The weakest point of a tank is its belly and as they began to pass over the holes I thumbed the switch.  In a moment the field was a blaze as the explosives melted the steel underbelly of the great machines, spilling the contents of their fuel tanks.  Most of the vehicles flipped over with the force of the blast.  The rest ground to a halt as the tracks were fused together from the super-heat.  Munitions began to detonate inside the burning hulls, shredding them from the inside.  Rounds whizzed past overhead, striking the wall but having no effect.  Most of the line ducked down quickly, the others watching the spectacle with awe and a few began to clap and applaud.
"Shap, Tekoa."
"Tekoa receiving.  You're welcome."
With the tank attack broken, the remaining vehicles began to turn and move away from the wall.  The entire northern field was a mess and would be virtually impassable by track or foot.  Patches of fire and random explosions would keep even the hardest veteran at bay.
"What now sir?"  Somebody asked from the line.  I looked to the west and tapped the digi-com.
"Shap, Tekoa."
"Tekoa receiving."
"ARC forces withdrawing.  Do you require assistance?"
"Hell yes!"  I called up fifty of the troops, leaving twenty to man the wall with orders to radio in if the enemy attempted to cross.
"On me."  I shouted and we began to double-time it down the wall to the western gate.
As we hit the third rampart, the wall exploded beside us, throwing three troops backwards in a hail of stone and blood.  Machine gun fire struck the wall like rain, rounds ricocheting this way and that and another of my men went down, his head shattered by stray bullets.  We pressed on and dared not to look over the wall, heads down and jogging as fast as we could manage.
The man behind me tripped, his leg catching on a fallen stone.  The one behind him didn't have time to move out of the way and slammed into him, bowled over just as a tank shell detonated where their heads would have been.  Realising their near-death experience, they quickly got up and carried on, heads even lower this time.
"Tekoa, Shap.  Move it, this gate is going..."  There was a loud crash and a screeching of metal on metal as we reached the gate.  Tekoa had turned some of his men round, directing grenades down into the entrance.  A tank fitted with cutting torches had managed to breach the already crippled doors and now men were pouring in behind it.
"BREACH!"  Tekoa shouted over the digi-com.  "WEST GATE IS BREACHED!"
I ordered the men down the ladders and together we ran for the nearest red brick house.  Already ARC soldiers were taking shots at us, but most went wide and tore up the farmland behind us.  At a low wall I dropped down, five men either side of me.  The rest had split up, dividing themselves up amongst any cover they could find.  The battle had turned now; we were into the final stages.  Like Frakes I began to realise we wouldn't make the five days.  But that was no reason to let them win easily.
Rising up we let loose with a furious barrage, taking six ARC troopers moving away from the tank.  Grenades from the wall dropped down around it, blasting one of the tracks off and killing several straggling soldiers.  Another landed on the roof just as the hatch opened, killing the driver and setting the surface of its armour on fire.
From the breach the troops surged in, splitting into two.  Some went east and began to fire at the anti-air troops.  The rest used the tank hull as cover, blasting away at our positions.  We rose again, my shotgun bucking in my hands as I felled a red uniform running towards us with a tube charge in his hands.  The charge detonated, slinging mud and grass at us.  Someone next to me hurled his own grenade but as it left his grip his arm was severed at the shoulder and he went down screaming.  I fired again, killing two and wounding another.  The men on my left concentrated their fire to the front of the tank wreckage and managed to finish another three.
"When they come at us again, we're going over,"  I shouted.  "Those behind, take up covering positions.  When we drop, let 'em have it!"  The red line surged again and with a loud cry we jumped over the wall, firing from the hips.  It was a bloody clash.  Two on my left went down, another on the right was decapitated.  We had the advantage though and we pressed it.  When my weapon was empty I gave the order and we dropped to our stomachs and dug in.
Rounds thundered over our heads as those behind us met the remaining men head on.  Bodies dropped around us, tumbling down like felled trees and one landed inches from my face as I slid shell after shell into my shotgun.  I signalled the rear line to cease-fire as the last of the ARC troops went down.
"Up and forwards!"  I shouted, charging the tank husk.  Two red shapes leapt from behind the turret.  One had his leg blown off by those on my left, the other jumped and landed on the man next to me.  Knives were quickly drawn and three others managed to prize him off, slitting his throat.
Pulling the pin from a grenade, I clambered up the side of the enormous machine and dropped it into the hatch.  The rest of my team got out of the way just as it detonated.  Flames licked out from the slits and the munitions ignited, shredding the remains like foil.
"SEAL THAT DOOR!"  I shouted.  As we rushed towards the gaping hole, six enemy men strode through it, firing in all directions.  I dropped two as they came in, then ducked back behind the tank's track covers.  Two more of my men were killed outright but the rest quickly dispatched the remaining four ARC troopers in a haze of cordite and blood.  The air was clogged with the stench of burning metal and death.
Suddenly the tank I was leaning against jerked backwards.  We only just managed to get out of the way when an agricultural tractor appeared through the smoke, it's front fitted with a huge ram.  It was shoving the wreck back towards the gate, forcing it to plug up the gap.  Sparks flew from the grinding parts of the tracks as they refused to budge, but the entire mass of steel was eventually shoved into place.  When I saw Green behind the wheel, I showed nodded in affirmation.
*
With the breach sealed, we hunted down any remaining ARC troops and ordered them to surrender, to no avail.  They uttered not one word.  We repeated the request to a group who'd barricaded themselves inside a barn.  Nothing.  Eventually every last one died fighting, which seemed a senseless waste of men.
Tired and drained of morale, the remaining twenty-eight troops who'd followed me from the north wall made for the nearest building - the University.  All sides reported a total withdrawal of ARC, and then began to tally up the dead and wounded.  It wasn't good news and in the end I pulled the digi-com out of my ear.  
By the end of the third day the fight had left the survivors and it began to show.  People marched like zombies, faces a picture of despair.  Others cried to themselves where ever they were, sobbing into their hands.  As night crept in, I couldn't help but feel it would be the last one most of the people here would see again.
"They know the end is coming,"  said Walker who I'd met leaving the University.  We stood in the pale moonlight sharing a tin mug of tea that he'd managed to scrounge from the kitchens.  It tasted bitter and stewed, but we agreed it was the best brew we'd had in months.
"Anything on the radio?"  I asked, passing the mug back.
"Nope.  But we've got one of the security staff constantly sending, so if there is anyone out there at least they might hear it."
"Then at least there's a chance.  Maybe the Avalon has managed to get into range."
"The chances are slim, but right now I'll take what's on offer."  He sipped from the mug and I rooted around in my belt kit, found a small vial of amber liquid and uncapped it.  Taking the mug I poured in a generous measure and passed it back.  Grinning, he held it up.  "Here's to a hero's death."
"Here's to death, either way.  May it be swift and painless."  We clinked beverages together and sunk them.  The fifteen-year-old scotch went down my throat like acid.  Walker looked up at the stars.
The University had taken on a new role since the attacks had begun.  With its extensive medical study facilities and seemingly endless dormitories, it had quickly become the billets for every soldier, volunteer and security staff member.  A makeshift medical bay had been erected on the ground floor to cope with the endless stream of injured troops that were coming in faster than they could patch up and send back out.  The staff were civilian, students who had trained there before the invasion.  Most had to rely on the more experienced teachers there and found themselves in one hell of a baptism of fire.
I found Rebecca amongst the worst.  Men here were dying in the blood stained beds, their screams and moans becoming an orchestra of agony.  These were the most severe traumas - severed limbs, crushed skulls, spinal damage and blindness.  Franticly running between the beds, the limited staff looked near to the grave themselves and I had to squeeze between them to get to her.
"How is it going?"  I asked, but it seemed like a really stupid question considering.  I couldn't think of much else to say.
"Well this is as close to Hell as you can get, John.  Soak it up, most of these people will be dead by the morning and there isn't a damn thing we can do about it."  She stood over the body of a dead volunteer, her white smock now a tapestry of blood and sweat.  In her hands she still carried the surgical saw she had used to amputate the poor man's arm, just before he died from the blood loss.
"Where are the worst?"  I asked, implying more than the words meant.  She wiped her brow with a soiled towel and pointed to a room separated by a thick plastic curtain.
"In there.  Alone."  I smiled weakly and made my way over, passing a soldier who was writhing on his bed as he tried to escape the grasp of the orderlies trying to pin him down.  I pulled the curtain apart and stepped in.
The room was dark, the lights dimmed to the minimum.  There were eight beds in a row, each one occupied by a motionless figure that breathed loudly.  I stepped slowly towards the first and found a frail, bloodied hand hidden amongst the sheets.  I took it in my own and leaned over to whisper.
"What's your name, my friend?"  The man's face was turned the other way, his blonde hair dirty and caked in dust.  Slowly his head turned on the pillow and I stifled a gasp.  Most of his jaw was missing and one of his eyes had been removed.  I looked at the card above his head on the wall, read off the name.  "Jack?"  The man nodded.  "Well Jack, the moon is out, I can't sleep and it's too cold to stand outside.  You don't mind if I stay a while, do you?"  He shook his head, a tear escaping from his one good eye.  "Good.  I don't like being on my own."
CHAPTER 13

At some point during the night I'd dozed off in my chair.  It felt like years since I'd last seen my bed and decades since I'd had a good nights sleep.  I jumped into alertness as a tray of surgical tools crashed to the floor.
The lights had been switched off as patients slept but I could make out four of the Commander's personal security staff fumbling with something, making their way to the door with difficulty.  Their gold epaulettes shone, refracting the moonlight coming in through the windows.
"What is going on?"  I asked, raising the light level.  All four turned their heads and I realised that the object they were struggling with was a black plastic body bag - a heavy one at that.  None of us knew quite what the next step was, but I could see that they were beginning to panic, like a criminal caught in a spotlight.  I'd stumbled onto something and it was just starting to dawn on them.
"Forget what you're seeing and you may just live to see tomorrow,"  one of them said, the biggest of the four and more than likely the leader.
"Who the hell is in there?"  I asked, reaching up for the digi-com control on my lapel.
They moved quickly, dropping the body and drawing blades from their thighs.  Before I could get a word out they had crossed the medical bay and I was forced to go for my side arm.  The nearest one got the first round and the report was deafening.  Then, dropping to one knee I fired again, double tapping another in the chest.  The room was suddenly alive with patients waking up screaming and the lights went to full brightness just as the third intruder reached me.
The knife came down from my left at an angle, one I sidestepped and followed up with a crushing blow to his knee.  The man stumbled forward, grabbing hold of the nearest bedpost and dropped the weapon in the process.  The fourth man swung and just caught my shoulder with a wide arc, slicing away at the padded part of my jacket.  I pivoted on the balls of my feet, went down awkwardly and fired - the shot scorching a red track across his cheek.  It was enough to send him reeling backwards and I fired again from my prone position, slamming another round into his chest.  Blood vaporised out of his back and coated the wall like surf on a beach.
The man who'd dropped his knife was up and running to the door, the ward in utter chaos now that shots had been fired and people were dying.  I got to my feet and ran after him.
In the corridor I saw him descend a set of stairs to ground level and I followed, passing Doctors scrambling into their smocks.  I took the steps three at a time and began to load a fresh magazine into the pistol.  At the bottom I looked franticly round for him, just catching a glimpse of his uniform as he rounded a corner to the left.  I tapped my lapel.
"Shap, Burns.  Code six in progress, University ground floor.  Three suspects dead, in pursuit of a fourth, I need assistance."  I reached the end of the hallway and hugged the wall before sticking my head around the corner.  I didn't want to run round and find a knife waiting for me.  As I looked I saw a door swinging on its hinge - the fire exit.  Somehow he'd managed to avoid tripping the automatic fire alarm; maybe they'd planned on leaving that way and had rigged it earlier.
I ran down the hall, reached the exit and checked carefully for an ambush.  When I found none I made my way out into the moon dappled grounds of the university and searched.  Gone, melted into the night.  On the other side of the building I could hear the rush of heavy boots and clattering weapons, the back up I'd asked for.  I had one last look and then turned around, heading back inside.
*
"It's one of them,"  someone said from the back of the crowd that had gathered around the corpse.  The body had been lifted onto one of the operating tables and was now laid bare under a spotlight; Doctors and surgeons busied themselves around it.  Burns was stood opposite me, examining the identity tattoo on the cadaver's arm.
"Look at his body - it's a mess, and that was before he died,"  Rebecca Frakes said as she ran a gloved hand over the many lacerations on his chest.  "He's been tortured."
"And you're telling me you knew nothing about a POW being held captive in your University?"  Burns spat at her.
"No, we knew nothing.  The dead and wounded come in here all the time, half of the time we don't even know who they are until afterwards,"  she said, attempting to ease his anger a little.  Green appeared from a doorway at the back of the room and looked paler than when he'd gone in.
"Sir, I think you should see this,"  he said.
I followed Burns and Green down a dark corridor, took a right at the end and went down eight steps to a solid steel door.  It swung open, the lock having been forced apart by Green and we went inside, but from the smell we were able to guess at what he'd found.
It was a makeshift holding cell with handcuffs fixed to a rung in the floor.  The walls were white above waist level, but below they were covered in smears of shit, urine and blood.  The whole room stunk of decay and body waste.
"They were getting rid of the evidence for when ARC overrun the place,"  Burns said, examining the room with disgust.  "So they wouldn't be punished for it, maybe survive as POW's themselves."
"Who's behind it then?  Commander Frakes?"  Green asked.
"I thought the bastard was a coward deep down, ever since that briefing.  This is why.  He was afraid we'd find out about his 'plaything'."
"I don't understand.  Was it interrogation?"
"Maybe it started that way.  When it looked like he wasn't going to talk, maybe he just became a target for their pent up anger.  Maybe Frakes came down to vent his frustrations and take a little revenge out on him."
"Green, I want a new lock on this door in half an hour."
"How come, sir?"  Burns began to leave.
"It'll have a new guest soon.  I'm going to talk to Frakes."
*
"You can't do this!"  Frakes yelled as he was frog-marched from the command centre to the University by Wulfgar and Tekoa.  The men on the wall had turned and were watching the spectacle.  Burns walked in front, I followed up the rear as he writhed in Wulfgar's iron grasp.
"Commander Frakes, you are charged with the imprisonment, torture and murder of a prisoner of war, thus breaching the 2023 Mars convention.  Until we can arrange a court marshal, you shall be held in confinement."
"LET ME GO!"  he screamed.
"I am now assuming command of this city and you have forfeited all the status your rank provided.  May god have mercy upon you, because I don't believe the courts will."
"We'll all be dead before then.  I hope they kill you first!  I hope..."  A fist slammed into his chin and suddenly Frakes went limp, his feet dragging on the ground.  Wulfgar rubbed his sore knuckles.
"Well done, Private,"  Burns said.
As we passed out of the night and into the warm glow of the University, Rebecca was stood at the bottom of the stairs, her beautiful eyes stained red from the tears.  As we marched her father past her, she took one last look at him, and then turned away in disgust.
As we made our way out, one of the students grabbed my wrist.
"Sir, I think you need to look at this."  He led us to a computer tucked away inside an office and once he'd sat down he began tapping away at the keyboard, the light from the monitor giving him an eerie blue face.  "I noticed something odd about the dead guy."
"I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked young man and I would appreciate a little more respect from someone in your profession."  I gave Burns an approving sideways glance.  The student flushed red; even the blue didn't hide it.
"I'm sorry, sir."
"Well go on, don't keep us in suspense, lad."
"Well I came across a blood sample a few months ago, one that had no name to it and at first I'd dismissed it as contaminated.  It had some strange DNA results when I ran it through the machine and at first I didn't think anything of it."
"Where did this sample come from?"
"I was handed it as part of a wide selection from the city.  Routine blood testing you see, part of the health and well being program.  Anyway, when you found the body tonight, I got to thinking about this sample and so I took another - from him.  It matched."  He began to work feverishly at the keys, his eyes darting left and right.  "I'd been given the sample while he was alive, being held without us knowing."
"For what purpose?"
"I always put the information on the mainframe, we're quite honest here.  Frakes would have had access to the results of the original test."
"What would those results have shown him?  That the blood contains some odd DNA?"
"Not odd, no I can see it now I've got the entire picture."
"Go on."  The student turned the screen round for us all to see.  It showed two simulated strands of coded DNA like you'd see in biology textbooks.  The one on the left was marked by a citizen's name; the right was simply 'ARC'.
"The left one is pretty normal and contains data from both father and mother.  But the right...” he tapped more keys and the image changed, overlapping the two pictures.  "Can you see it?"  We leaned in further.
"No,"  Burns said.
"The ARC DNA has had alien elements introduced.  This strand has been altered."
"We already know they are genetically altered. Tell me something new.”
"I'm getting to that but to confirm it I will need more samples from other ARC soldiers, but I think the results will be the same.  They're being engineered, not as an enhancement because there seemed to be nothing special about the ARC soldier.  But the evidence is there, they have been through some kind of alteration at birth, something that changed the very identity of their make up."
"Could it be somehow woven into their beliefs?  Could it be something to do with their leader?  A ritual of some kind?"  Burns said to me.
"It's possible, like Jewish circumcision.  If it has no obvious physical or mental gains, then that's the only possible answer."
"They aren't being born like this, a mutation perhaps?"  Green asked.
"No, this is trademark GM breeding.  They're being altered during the foetus development."
"It's a long shot theory,"  I said after much thought.  "But could they be trying to introduce an alteration into their population, a sort of forced mutation."
"But why?  I can't see anything to gain, they haven't increased speed, agility, healing.  They've just changed the genetic..."
"Image,"  the student said. “That's what I discovered. They all have the same DNA that has come from a single source.”
"That's what they're trying to do.  They're trying to change their DNA image. This ritual is designed to change their very structure at the most basic level, not just physically like you would wear a mask or grow a beard.  They're changing their origin, remaking themselves in their own image."  I jabbed a finger at the coiling DNA strand.  "That alien element will be the very DNA of Rorsch being implanted into every new-born ARC member."  
“That's just fucked up.” said Green.
“Tell me about it.” replied the student.
“Can you put this information on a disc?” Burns asked. “I want a copy. If we get off this tomb world I want it taken to M.O.”
“Yes, I'll do that now.” The student tapped away at the keys just as the crackling digi-com burst into our ears.
"Tekoa, Burns."
"Burns receiving go ahead."
"Sir, the enemy is preparing to launch a fresh assault.  I think this is it."
"Received.  Stand by."  I felt a cold shiver run down my spine.  Burns turned to us.  "Regardless of who - or what they are, they're hell-bent on killing us.  Everybody to their posts."
CHAPTER 14

Spotlights across the length of the wall came on and lit up what was fast being nicknamed the 'killing field'.  Tekoa had been warning the Lieutenant that a night attack was imminent from the first day.  Now that it was a reality, the battle took on a new and more terrifying form.  Darkness had always had that effect on people, especially people thrust into a combat situation without proper training.  I had only fought in two large-scale night assaults, though it had been my squad launching the attack - not repelling one.
"Sir, we have enemy units on the entire western side of the city.  A large concentration of tanks and troops have gathered in the south but they appear to have their eyes on the hole they made in the gate,"  Tekoa said as we climbed the ladder to the western ramparts.  The lights inside the city were poor and only the odd lamp here and there punctuated the nothingness.  As we reached the top Tekoa had to lead us to the lookout post.
"Is this it?  After what you saw in their camp, do you believe that the entire force is here?"
"Short of some reserves, yes I think the bulk of it is here."
"Then they mean to finish this tonight, press the advantage of the western breach and take the city."  Burns turned to the other six of us who had assembled there on the wall, Brand, Wulfgar, Walker, Green, Phillips, Tekoa and myself and said,  "This is it, men.  They're going to come at us with everything they've got and I can't help but accept that they'll breach the wall again, pour in here like ants and finish the job.  But take solace in the facts - we've dealt a crippling blow to their forces on this planet, we've forced them to waste their men trying to take this humble city and hopefully diverted them from whatever their main objective had been here on Sidon.  We've given them such a bloody nose they'll remember this for centuries whether they want to or not.  In my opinion you have gone beyond the duty of any soldier and have conducted yourselves in such a way that I feel honoured to have served along side you.  Give them no quarter when you face them.  Let them work for every inch of this city and when you finally go down, make sure there's a hell of a lot of them piled up around you to soften your fall."  He looked around the walls, looked at the desperate faces on the volunteers.  
Finally he cocked his rifle and turned to face the foe.  "To your stations."
*
The moon glistened like molten silver in the clear sky.  There was a chill in the air, a cold biting breeze that sunk into my clothes and the smell of burning metal stuck to my nostrils.  The line before me, the brave men who volunteered at the beginning were now nothing more than terrified people clutching their half-loaded guns with the same tenacity of a child with it's favourite teddy bear.  They shivered where they stood and their faces were lined with dry tears as I assumed thoughts of their families in the basement of the church had crept into their minds.
"Any regrets, sir?"  Someone asked me from the line.
"None.  You?"  I replied.
"Plenty.  Things I should have done and didn't.  Things I should have said but never said."
"I just wanted one more night with my wife,"  someone else said, further down.
"I just want to hold my son again,"  another added.
"Right now I just want to see tomorrow."  Another.  One by one they poured out their last requests, things they would have done had they a little more time.  But it wasn't really an issue of time, it was that now they could see their own mortality and they realised that they should have made the most of it when they had the chance.  It had always taken the finality of death to understand the importance of life.
The first wave hit the wall like a thousand hammers.  Tank shells slammed into the stone, rupturing the already brittle structure.  Siege cannons pounded the whole western flank.  The very ground beneath us shook like an earthquake.  Civilian buildings collapsed.  The command centre began to shake itself apart.  Troops struggled to stand upright, grabbing hold of each other while trying to cover their ears.
"Hold your positions!"  I yelled over the madness.  Several flares from the ARC side shot up into the air, bathing the entire city in a sickly orange glow.  Stray shells that were being shot too high over the wall decimated buildings behind us and the men began to panic.  "STAND FAST!"  I cried, just as part of the wall broke away and three volunteers went over the edge with it.  The gap was quickly filled with a barrage of machine gun fire and two more fell into crumpled heaps.  Grenades were thrown, detonating below but making little impact on the enemy guns.  I tapped my comms.
"Shap, Burns.  We can't hold this wall!"  I shouted and hoped he'd hear.
"Burns, Shap.  Fall back to the settlements, let them in.  REPEAT - fall back to the settlements by squads."
"FALL BACK!"  I cried, grabbing shoulders and dragging them away from the crumbling defenses.  "FALL BACK TO THE SETTLEMENTS."
The men swarmed towards the ladders as more sections of wall collapsed.  ARC didn't need the flares - the muzzle flashes from the siege cannons were doing a good enough job of lighting up the sky.  As the last of the troops descended, a huge section of the south wall fell like a house of cards.  We could see it from where we were stood.  It went down in a brilliant burst of concentrated shellfire, taking ten of the troops there with it.
On solid ground we dispersed into the nearest buildings, some finding cover behind wrecks of tractors or trailers, others climbing up into the higher floors of the houses and poking their weapons out of the windows.  I took several men with me to a babbling stream that ran across two farms and it served as an excellent trench, it's walls just high enough to see over.  As we settled in, the western gate finally fell with an almighty crash.  The enormous steel doors melted apart, fusing into each other at white-hot heat and a huge tank fitted with a ram shoved them out of its way.  The tank was instantly met by Wulfgar's team - grenades and gushes of fire from the flame units bombarded it as ARC troops surged around its flanks.  Men burned, firing as they went down.  The troops around me gasped as Wulfgar bravely met them head on, blasting away at their ranks with his heavy machine gun and urging his team forward.
"Be ready, people.  It'll be our turn next,"  I shouted.  We didn't have to wait long.  Those coming through the fallen gate broke away from the conflict and their only escape route from Wulfgar was through us.  Forming back into a cohesive unit, they charged towards us.  For a brief moment I thought about these genetically altered people and saw them in a different light.  They didn't even look human to me anymore. 
"Ready,"  I whispered to the three beside me.  Each nodded in turn.  A moment later I gave the cry and opened fire.
They came in fast.  Cutting sideways, two managed to escape the first wave of bullets but three of their unit went down hard.  The ones behind leapt over their writhing bodies and began a vicious assault on our trench.  Dirt and clods of grass were thrown into the air, raining down around our ears.  The man to my right - a young faced volunteer, was shoved backwards leaving a bloody vapour in his place.  The bloke next to me released a burst of automatic fire, and then ducked down as a stray slug tore across his arm.  I brought two down with the last magazine I had in the ARC weapon, then slung it and brought up my auto-shotgun.  Blasting one and wounding another, I clambered up out of the trench and got into a kneeling stance, laying down a few shells as reinforcements poured in through the breached gate.  The troopers that were still alive climbed up to join me and together we advanced across the field, reaching the bodies of the dead ARC soldiers.  I drew my knife and cut free the webbing of one of them, throwing it back into the trench as the trooper on my left opened fire.  I managed to grab another three before we were forced to retreat.
"You,” I said, pointing to the man on my right.  "Divvy it up between us."  The enemy was advancing again and I killed the nearest outright as a magazine was loaded into the ARC weapon on my shoulder.  Swapping again I brought the rifle to bear as three spare mags were shoved into my belt.
"There's a few pineapples too, sir,"  he said.
"Well keep hold of them,"  I said.  "When I give the word, sling 'em."
Something detonated in the building next to us and one of ours fell from the window, his body quickly peppered with rounds even before he hit the ground.  Two volunteers were fleeing the burning shelter, but were quickly torn to shreds by a team approaching from the north.  That meant that the north wall had fallen too and our flank was unprotected.  Behind us the buildings became more concentrated the nearer they got to the church, much like a small village.
"Sling those grenades, soldier.  We're falling back!"  I shouted.  He fumbled with the pins as I took down a stray ARC trooper, then I saw them go one after the other.  As the first one detonated I gave the order to fall back and emptied the last of the magazine into the smoke cloud.  When the third went up, I turned and scrambled up the side of the trench, rounds whistling past my ears.  One tore at the leg of my trousers but I reached the nearest building unscathed.
"Covering fire.  Spread out and get ready,"  I said, peering round the corner.  I knew they'd struggle to cross the stream and it would buy us more time.  "You three get back to the next building,"  I said, pointing to the nearest group.  "The rest fall back in pairs.  GO!"
The first ARC soldiers began to appear on our side.  I crouched down and settled into a good firing position, finger resting on the trigger guard.  It was a finely made weapon, light but robust and offered very little recoil.  I was doing my best to save the shells of the shotgun until things got inevitably messy later on in the close confines of the church.  I tried not to dwell on that particular thought.
Three rounds from the ARC weapon killed the closest soldier; another two went wide and slammed into the brickwork to the left.  They dropped to the floor firing from the ground and I gave them a short burst before dropping back.  The guy behind me took one in the chest and collapsed, another dived down behind a low wall and didn't get back up.  As I reached a cobbled road I found myself on a street straight out of Victorian England, but didn't have much time to look around - the rest of my team were already on the other side ready to fight.  I sprinted across to them as the first ARC troopers caught up.
The street became a confined war zone with fire exchanging across the wet cobbles.  Storefronts smashed and collapsed, windows were shattered and the gutters were awash with blood from both sides.  Some mad enough to try ran forwards and were cut down by our concentrated fire.  Others began to creep along the length of the road, forcing us to split up and stop them from flanking us.
"Sir, they're thrashing us,"  someone said, but in the darkness I couldn't tell who.  The church was getting closer and closer, we couldn't risk falling back too soon.
"BURNS, SHAP,"  the digi-com spat, distorted and almost inaudible.
"Shap receiving, go ahead."
"WE HAVE ARMOUR POURING IN THROUGH THE WEST GATE."  My heart dropped into my boots.
"Shap received."
"What was it, sir?"  that voice asked again.
"Nothing.  Nothing at all,"  I replied.  "Prepare to fall back to the next street."
*
The battle was being lost quicker than we'd anticipated.  Time gained meant more time for the Avalon but as we dropped back nearer and nearer to the church, it wasn't looking like that option was on the cards.  We were four streets from the graveyard, then another two hundred metres to the church door.  Once inside the enemy armour would bring the place down around our ears, even if we were in the cellar.  They'd find us soon enough.
With ammo short I allowed a couple of ARC troopers to get too close, then cut them down with the last of my magazine.  Two behind me provided covering fire whilst I ran out into the fire storm of a deserted square and began cutting away at their webbing.  As I removed the last one, I cut away part of the fabric and the dead soldier's body was revealed.  His skin was rotten and blue, sores and scabs gathered on the surface as if he'd been dead for hours.  One of my team was yelling something at me, but for a moment I was fixed on this man's body until finally I was yanked back into cover.
"What the hell were you doing?"  The trooper asked, ripping a mag from the stolen gear.
"I..."  I mumbled, but a hail of fire tore into the wall and we were forced backwards to another street.  As we rushed into the next building, I couldn't get the image out of my head until ARC men poured in after us.  They'd managed to find another way onto the street, skirting the chaos and managing to sneak up on us.  All of a sudden we found ourselves in close quarters and knives were quickly drawn.
Four men behind me surged forwards, stabbing and slicing into their ranks.  A rifle fired and in the closeness it was deafening.  I lunged at one, planting the knife between his ribs and drew my pistol, putting a round in his skull.  The knife came free as he fell and I shot another, swiping the next with a wide arc.  He ducked and swung the butt of his weapon through the air but I jumped back away from it, putting two rounds into his chest.  The room stunk of blood and death but still they came at us.  One of mine took a blade in his stomach and he screamed, his killer going down straight after him with my knife in his neck.  I shot one, took another down with a round in his kneecap.  Then, when there was a big enough gap the remaining three troopers made for the door as I emptied the pistol into the enemy.  In the confusion that followed I dived out into the alley that ran behind the building and into cover just as they came charging after us.  There were ten more of my team waiting there and not one of the ARC soldiers made it any further than the step before being gunned down.  A grenade was thrown in after them and we retreated to the next street - the spire of the church now within spitting range.
At the corner of a residential road we met another squad coming the other way and it was lucky that they didn't shoot us on sight.  It was Walker's squad, around eleven men retreating from the western wall back to the church and when they saw us they didn't stop, they just started waving us back to the last street.
"RUN YOU IDIOTS!"  He shouted as the hulking mass of an ARC tank turned the corner, it's cannon pointing straight at us.  We were able to dive into the foyer of a flat block just as it fired, the shell roaring past us and landing three buildings down.  It detonated and took out the east wall of our cover, bringing the roof down around us.  One man from Walker's team was impaled on a falling beam, two others were crushed under the stone as we stumbled out through the back door, our ears numb from the blast.  
Running blindly with dust stinging my eyes, I leapt over a fallen lamppost and threw myself behind a rubbish skip, coughing my guts up.  The graveyard of the church was on the other side of a five-foot wrought iron fence and Walker was on the other side urging his team over it two at a time.  The tank rumbled along the street and sent vibrations through the ground.  It was probably looking for the best way to follow us, as most of the roads weren't wide enough for it to get down - thank-fully.  I ordered three troopers to spread out along the alley, looking for any ARC foot soldiers.  After a few tense minutes of listening to the sounds of war being waged across the city, Walker whistled for us to follow.  The three on watch went first, leaving me to cover them.  Just as the last one was over the top, gunfire showered the skip and I was forced down behind it.
"Goddamnit, Shap - come on!"  Walker yelled, but I waved him away towards the church.  Reluctantly he nodded, leading the troops between the gravestones and into the darkness.
I stood. I fired from the shoulder, shattering the skull of the closest trooper.  I advanced.  I fired three rounds into the next one and two into the one behind him.  Rounds flew past me.  I knelt and fired again.  Another one fell.  The magazine dropped from the rifle and I slammed another into its place.  Two rounds to my left.  Three to the right.  I moved ahead, striding into the fray as they came from one of the levelled buildings.  The gun spoke and they collapsed.  I was aware of a pain in my leg, but I stood firm and killed two more outright.  When the trigger clicked in silence, I stood and waited for death.
But it didn't come.  As I looked around at the destruction, I saw that there was no one left standing.  I wasn't shocked.  I wasn't proud.  I wasn't anything at that point.  It was only the growing rumble coming from the ground that broke me out of the trance.  I looked down the street and saw the tank turning on its massive tracks with a horde of foot soldiers following behind it.
As the first .50 calibre rounds stuttered down the road towards me, I ran.  I ran like the devil himself was behind the tillers of that behemoth and I leapt up at the fence, grabbing the railings and hurling myself over the top.  I landed badly but continued across the graves where Walker was stood at the huge wooden doors, waving me in.  Once inside I collapsed behind the sandbags with a chest that felt as if it was about to explode.
CHAPTER 15

The tank and its entourage had stopped on the other side of the fence and I watched it through one of the windows.  The troops had taken up positions around it, obviously waiting for the order to proceed and Walker believed that they would secure the city before moving in for the kill.
"They still wonder if there is something waiting for them in here and it'll make them wary to rush in.  I guess within another hour or so they'll make a move,"  he said as he paced up and down the aisle between the pews.  The cellar door was still open at this point.  Green was on guard there, ready to jump down and close it if we were breached.  After half an hour there was still no sign of Tekoa, Brand or Wulfgar and the Lieutenant's last communication had been to tell Walker to retreat to the Church.  ARC forces were quickly surrounding the perimeter of the graveyard and only the southern part was still open.  A number of volunteers waited at the back, covering the ground between them.
"How long before we give up?"  Walker asked, indicating Green.
"Until the last possible minute.  When they make a move out there, we'll seal the hatch,"  I replied.  Around us maybe two dozen men manned the windows and most were on their last few rounds.  Between us, if every shot killed, we'd take another hundred at the most.  But before we could do that, the tanks would level the building in seconds.  "I'll guess nothing got out on the radio,"  I said.
"Well it's still broadcasting upstairs.  It runs a looped message, but if they're jamming it it's useless anyway,"  Walker said, finally sitting down in one of the pews.  His face was caked in black dust and blood trickled down from his scalp where something had hit him hard.  "How's the leg?"  He asked.  I looked down.  The bullet had passed straight through the fleshy bit of my thigh and I'd tied a strip of curtain at the top, but the blood was still seeping through the two bandages I'd put on.
"I'll live,"  he laughed.
"That's not saying much."
"It comes to us all, sooner or later,"  I reflected.  "We can't avoid it forever."
"I must admit, I could think of better ways to go."
"Well I'll grant you that."  I looked out of the window again.  Nothing had changed. The driver of the tank had climbed up out of the hatch and was taking in some air.  It hadn't been the devil driving after all.  "A good shot for Brand, if she was here,"  I said.  The driver wiped his brow, took up some binos and looked around.  Then there was a 'pop' and the binos exploded in his hands, along with most of his head.
The troops scattered and began firing wildly at the church and I got down behind the sandbags just as the glass smashed and fell down around me.  Cries came from the back of the church and shots were fired from our side.  Walker raced down to see what was happening and was almost bowled over by Tekoa as he charged through the door, Brand following with sixteen other volunteers in tow.
"Take up positions - prepare to repel!"  Ordered the Lieutenant as he strode in calmly.  Everybody saw him and you could feel the morale rekindled inside them as they hurried to the windows.
"Wulfgar?  The Sarge?"  Walker asked.  Burns shook his head.
"They were last seen when the armour rolled in through the gate.  We haven't heard from them since."
"How bad is it?"
"The city fell quickly.  Over eighteen tanks came in before we retreated, there were more outside waiting to get in.  We fought them at every street, but in the end we just ran.  We were hideously outnumbered."  The roof shook and bits of plaster began to fall.  "The digi-com?"
"Nothing, but it's still broadcasting."  There was a terrific thud, followed by a lot of dust and falling brickwork as the spire came crashing down on the north side of the church.  It landed inches away from the enemy lines leaving a gaping hole in the roof that let the moonlight in.  "Well it was broadcasting.  Thank-fully nobody was up there."
"Stand to,"  shouted Burns as he drew his pistol.  "No man dies without my permission."
*
The ARC troops were sent in first.  They wanted prisoners.  From every available window, shots rang out and killed scores of the enemy.  With the last few shells in my shotgun I took down six, wounding a seventh before withdrawing from the window.  Taking up my pistol and knife, I waited by the doors with Burns.
"I suggest we seal the hatch, sir,"  I said to Burns.  "We'll be no use fighting down there."
"I'd already thought about it," he replied.  "But they want captives and even if they don't find them, they'll torture it out of one of the volunteers."
"Damned if we do, damned if we don't."
"Green has his orders,"  he said.  It took a while to realise what he meant.  I turned, saw Green still at the hatch, but this time he was above it and in his hand was the last grenade, his finger looped through the pin.
Any morsel of morale left in me evaporated there and then.
"Better dead than captured by these... these monsters!" mumbled Burns.
Back behind the skip I'd been in control of my life and my death, I'd faced it head on.  But now, trapped in this place I realised that I was seconds from death, my own mortality was staring me down and I wanted to weep.  I wanted to break down like a child but I couldn't.  I just didn't have time.
My grip on my feeble weapons tightened and the air got harder and harder to breathe until I nearly fainted.  Then I felt something inside, a cold spot emanating from my heart and spreading to my hands, my feet, and my head. All the worries and fears began to ebb away and all at once I felt... at peace.
"Can you feel that?"  Burns said but his voice was crystal clear now - like starlight cutting through darkness.
"It's a miracle!” shouted someone from behind.
“You could say that...” said Burns. We grinned at each other and relaxed our weapons.
*
The Avalon fired its entire array of orbital lasers at once, their target - the city of Dothon.  Under instruction from Sergeant Bill Phillips, the entire site was strategically blasted down to bare soil until no structure, vehicle or man was left standing.  Except one, that is.  Surrounded by a smouldering ring of burning earth, the church stood alone and untouched by the expertly aimed arsenal.  Two kilometres away, a clean-up team led by Private Hagan Wulfgar closed in on the remains of the old frontier city and destroyed the reserve forces encamped in the forest.
Three days later, the survivors of the battle of Sidon were evacuated to the Avalon and the planet was abandoned.  ARC forces had set up a heavily defended base at the southern continent and any plans to recapture Sidon would involve a large-scale invasion force, one that wouldn't be considered for quite some time.
EPILOGUE

In the debriefing we watched as the city was reduced to ashes over and over again.  The nose-mounted cameras had captured every detail and as we explained the events that had transpired after planet-fall an operator annotated the images to provide a working time line.  After eight hours the whole re-enactment was played out in full and stored for future study, no doubt by some students at Earth's War colleges.  The history buffs would pull it to pieces.  Hell, most of it defied belief even now and some of the officers gave us questioning looks.  The funny thing was, such desperate battles often brought out untapped resources in people, gave them skills to do things you only saw in movies.  Heroes were often said to be forged in the grittiest conflicts and I'd seen a great number of them born in the hell of Sidon.
"Do any of you have anything to add?"  said the Investigating officer, a high-ranking official whose collar was so high it looked as though the blood wasn't getting to his brain.  Tired, weary and ready for the grave, the surviving eight members of an elite unit shook their heads.  "Your performance has been nothing short of heroic.  There will be commendations for this."  He turned to leave and we began to get up out of the hard plastic seats.  "But first, the Avalon will be circumnavigating the enemy fleet on a course for Fortress 12 on Gilead where you will be re-deployed."
"Excuse me, sir.  Re-deployed?"  Burns said.  "Surely..."
"The trip will take at least three weeks.  Use this time to rest and recuperate.  You've earned it."  Before another word could be said, the Officer turned and left the room.
"We're being re-deployed?"  Phillips spat, slamming his fist onto the table.  "After all that!"  Brand slumped into her seat, Green began to laugh and Walker crossed his arms angrily, throwing his legs up onto the table.
"You'd think we'd been on holiday down there,"  said Tekoa.  "The way he said 'you've earned it' he sounded like we'd mowed his lawn for him!"
"Don't lose perspective, people.  There's still a war on, regardless of how fatigued we are and while we're sunning it up on the UV deck, innocent people are still dying out there.  There are six more planets in the Zion group - only one of which is garrisoned and that's where we're heading.  I've no doubt that Command wants the other five equally fortified before we figure out what ARC plan on doing next."
"What did they say about the DNA evidence we discovered?"  I asked.  It hadn't been covered in the briefing.
"Nothing yet.  Their lab boys back on Earth will be working on that one."
"Three weeks,"  Green sighed.  "What about the Dothon troops we evacuated?  Some wanted to sign up."
"They'll receive basic training on Gilead, but I doubt we'll see them again.  They'll be divided up where they’re needed most."
"Some of them fought like they didn't need training,"  Walker added.
"What about the rest of the civilians?"  I asked.
"Any that don't want to fight will be shipped out from Gilead, probably back to the safest planet in range.  Some have opted to join the medical corps, others the Chaplaincy."  Brand gave a whistle in my direction.  "Now this bit doesn't leave the room."  Everybody nodded in agreement.  "What transpired regarding the POW, you will have noticed, was omitted from the briefing."
"I was wondering,"  said Tekoa.
"Well, the good people of Sidon deserve not to have their name tarnished by the acts of one crazed zealot.  What happened down there died down there.  Are we clear?"
"Yes sir,"  said Phillips.
"Sir,"  Green.
"Crystal,"  Walker.
"No problem,"  Brand.  A nod from Wulfgar and Tekoa.
"War is ugly.  War is the most basic form of conflict in the human race and it has more than death as its casualties.  These people came here to have a peaceful, god-fearing life and ARC destroyed that.  But that still doesn't justify what we saw down there.  We just can't afford to lower ourselves to their level of cruelty or the crux of this war will be undermined.  
We all got up to leave.  "Three weeks and I want you ready to get back out there.  Dismissed."
*
I saw Rebecca Frakes as she was heading towards the Medical bay, but I held back.  One of the orderlies told me that she was one of thirty from Dothon who had signed up for the Medical Corps, under the name 'Rebecca Walters'.  The disgrace of her Father's actions must have been too hard to carry round.  I never saw her again.
*
In the small but inviting bar on board the Avalon, a slender bottle of clear fluid was the only thing on the bar between me and Burns and he reached over to charge his glass.
"Did you get anywhere with that name I gave you?"  I asked, taking a sip from my own.  It was a strong, bitter spirit from one of the outer colonies, made from a native vegetable.
"Yes.  He's using the name 'David Silverman'.  He was evacuated from Micah just before the invasion on Sidon."
"Evacuated where?"
"Take your pick.  Absalom is the nearest, then Salem and finally Benjamin.  All three are home to refugees who refuse the ride back to Earth."
"He wanted to stay?"
"Apparently.  Felt his mission was more important than his own life.  Perhaps Gilead will have more info' for you."  He drained his glass and then filled both.  I took a mouthful and winced.  At least it wasn't as painful as the leg. 
I thought about Titus. I'd not seen his name on the evac list.
"What happened to Titus?"  I asked, emptying my glass and pouring another.
"Staring down an ARC tank with a pistol and a grenade.  He insisted that we escape while he drew the enemy away from our position.  Hell, we wouldn't be talking now if it hadn't been for Eric Titus."
"A hero's death then."
"He knew what he'd face when he returned.  A court marshal.  A firing squad."
"You know,” I said.  "I didn't have a clue.  I knew about the Iliad, every foot slogger did.  But I didn't know whole story."
"I was a Sergeant back then.  I was on board the Iliad on that day when the order came through.  I've never seen a man so scared in all my life.  He knew what would happen if he shot it down.  He knew that even though Command would cover it up, he'd have to live with the guilt.  But I guess at the time his career meant more than the lives of a few survivors."
"So he'd been ordered to shoot it down?"
"Certainly.  It was Command's way of weeding out the soft element of its Navy elite.  He knew that, but I guess his youth went against him.  All career and proud parents.  Then one day, a few years later he finds the man who gave the order and puts a slug between his eyes.  Escapes on a cargo vessel bound for Zion."  I held up my glass and we clinked them together, sharing a silence for the dead.
“What's next then?” I asked. “I'm still under the M.O so my remit allows me to attach and detach myself to any unit I choose.”
“John, I'm touched. You want to hang around a bit longer and see how it's done eh?” laughed Dan.
“Well I figure my best chances of carrying out my mission, official and unofficial, is to stick around. Might even get a few more medals for my trouble.”
“You're all heart.” He stared into his glass and lost himself in thought. “Back on Sidon, in that farm house...”
“It's ok. Forget it.”
“I won't. That's all I'm saying.”
“Good. That's all I'm hearing.”
*
The drop ship touched down on the busy flight pad of Fortress Serenity at 06:00 hours just as the sun crested the horizon. The winter planet of Gilead was none the warmer for it.
We stepped off the ramp onto the heavily compacted snow and was met by the Fortress Commander dressed in full battle gear and wearing a thick fur lined camo cloak. One eye was missing and half his scalp was battle scarred.
“Welcome to the freezer boys and girls. Grab your gear and get to positions – reports are fresh in saying we've got an invasion fleet on its way. Wouldn't want our friends to be kept waiting now would we?
