Quantum Breakdown

By Karl Thorn


Published by Karl Thorn at Smashwords


Copywrite 2014 Karl Thorn
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.


CHAPTER ONE

Alarms screamed in Kion's ears. The icon for the core temperature flashed in his face. The number beside it was rising dramatically.  He clinched his jaw. It had taken less than thirty seconds for it to reach critical!  The dimple in his square chin deepened. Some kind of overload, Kion thought. His fingers danced over the trackball, skillfully spinning the pointer to a series of icons on his screen. The small freighter's impeller drive had to be the cause. He shut the entire system down.

The impeller’s induction fields dropped. No effect, the core’s temperature continued to rise. Kion flashed through several menus cutting artificial gravity and all other nonessential systems. He gritted his teeth. The dimple in his chin deepened again. He shut down life support. Still no effect, the core would explode soon.  The problem had to be internal to the core itself. Everything was now shutdown, except his console. He now had just one option left to save his life and salvage his cargo, module separation.

Kion spared a glance out the cockpit window. He was approaching the pink and magenta planet of his home world. It now filled the Traverse's cockpit window.  He flipped on his emergency beacon and armed the blast bolts to separate the habitat module from the power and drive module. Odd, how the core happened to fail at this moment, a critical point in the approach to Terra.

Even with core separation, Kion realized that his life still may not be spared.  He was on a trajectory to ram the planet. He frowned, staring at the flashing red button.  He knew he had no choice.  He punched the button with his fist.

The bolts blew. A series of bangs ran throughout the hull of the Traverse. Chemical thrusters automatically ignited, forcing Kion against his seat restraints and propelling the habitat module further from the ill-fated power plant.  The habitat module's frame creaked from the stress as it blasted away. A moment later the core ruptured with a blossoming ball of white energy, instantly vaporizing everything between the impeller nacelles. The nacelles tumbled wildly in opposite directions riding the shockwave of the expanding sphere of burning plasma.

Kion shielded his eyes from the glare and sighed. What a waste, the Traverse hadn't been that old of a ship. It should never have had such a catastrophic failure. He had never heard of a Borman made craft failing in such a manner. True the Borman craft weren’t the best build, but they never cut corners on safety devices. He should know since his clan had produced this ship. He wondered what had gone so wrong.

Kion checked his vector. As feared, Traverse's habitat module was going to collide with the planet's ice shield. If he didn't do something about it now, he would still die.

*   *   *

Sandra entered the base commander’s office, heals clicking on the hardwood floor with each step. She wore the new tan and white uniform of the intelligence division of the Air force. Unlike most uniforms, this one showed off her narrow waist and curved form. She halted in front of the commander’s desk with a snappy salute. “Lieutenant Sandra Sommers reporting as ordered sir!”

Admiral Stone rose from his chair, pretending not to notice her beautiful figure. He casually returned the salute, “At ease Miss Sommers.” He motioned to a chair. “Have a seat.” He shut his office door.

She waited until he returned to his seat before obeying his order. “Thank you, sir.” Offering a chair meant she could now speak freely, off the record. For him to offer a chair to a person of her rank was unusual. She wondered what was up.

“You have been given a field assignment.” He said without preamble and to the point.

Sandra couldn’t believe her ears. She had requested an assignment in the Middle East where her expertise in ancient cultures and decoding intelligence would be used to its fullest. “A field assignment, Sir? I am honored, but the last time I requested one, I was given the impression that my area of expertise was filled with plenty of officers more senior than I.” She wondered what this all about.

The base commander frowned. “You are right,” pausing only a moment, “there were two chosen before you. Unfortunately, both died in unrelated events.” His frown told Sandra that he knew more than he was willing to tell.

Admiral Stone thought on the deaths briefly. One appeared to be a simple heart attack, unusual for a person of that age. Then again, the accident that killed the other was odd as well. Admiral Stone then chose his next words carefully, “We consider ourselves lucky to have a qualified person on base that can fill the position, otherwise the mission would have been delayed. The President would not have liked that.”

Sandra paused at the unspoken implications. “I’m assuming the expertise needed is decoding with back ground in ancient cultures and religion?” She wondered why her specific talents would be sought. She wondered if someone had uncovered something big on an archeological dig or discovered a new native tribe. But why would someone kill over it as he implied? And why did it have to be here, at this base? “Where am I going?”

The commander pulled out a sealed manila envelope from his desk and handed it to her. “You are to immediately report to Captain Beck’s reconnaissance team. He is the commander of a special craft located in Hanger 51. I’ve call two security guards to escort you there to ensure safe arrival.”

“And mission objectives?”

“In there.” Admiral Stone shrugged at the envelope. “You’ll find that your clearance has been raised two levels, Captain Beck will fill in the details.”

She raised a brow. “Two?” She had always suspected there were more than one level above her rating.

The admiral smirked. “Quite right,” he said reading her thought correctly. “None of your personal effects will be taken aboard.” He informed. “Everything you need will be furnished. You’re dismissed.”

To Admiral Stone’s word, two men wearing the security band on their tan and white uniforms, were waiting in the hall. “This way miss,” one of them said.

They led her to an unmarked vehicle and drove her to a remote part of the base where some trashy old buildings stood. They appeared vacant. “We are to watch you enter through the door labeled ‘B’.” The driver announced. “We are not permitted inside.”

Sandra opened the door, nodding understanding, then walked to the building. She tried opening the rusty door. It was unlocked. Someone had to be watching her from inside. She entered a small alcove, closing the door behind her. She tried the next door. It was locked. She noticed a dark plate beside the door. Knowing its function, she placed her hand firmly against it.

“Sandra Sommers, welcome to Hanger 51.” A voice boomed from a speaker. “You may enter.” The door clicked.

*   *   *

Chief Elder Moricron sat menacingly in his command chair. He gazed out the cockpit windows. His attention was on a pink crescent that wrapped half way around a deep magenta ball. The magenta glow was the night side of Terra, only a pink ribbon of the day side could be seen from this angle.

To those watching Moricron, it seemed that his dark eyes could pierce to the core of the planet, perhaps even move the planet, if he so willed.

A ball of white energy flashed near the horizon of Terra.  The corner of his mouth turned up. He probably would not have noticed if he hadn’t been looking for it. The inferno only lasted a second.

“Chief,” said the man sitting in the seat next to him, “explosion detected!”

“Give me the specifics,” the Chief Elder roared with a low deadly whisper. “Did he achieve separation?” He cared nothing for the pilot, only for the plan. He smiled ominously to himself. This plan would make him the most powerful clan leader ever as well as making his clan the most powerful amongst all the clans. No clan would be able to challenge his authority and no clan elder would dare try to take his seat. Not even Palimier, his worst internal enemy, would dare challenge him. For the plan to commence, separation had to occur.

The pilot competently studied his console for a moment. He had been Chief Elder Moricron’s pilot for a few years now and had become accustom to his demanding voice. It took much more than this to rile him. “Yes Chief, I am still getting the habitat module on visuals.” He said after waiting a few seconds for the motion detector and video cams to clear up from the flash. “It appears intact and is now emitting a distress beacon, but it is on a collision course with the planet.” His voice held a high respect for his commander. “Shall we pursue?”

“Are there any other ships within interception range?” Moricron said with ice in his voice. He wasn’t worried about the ship slamming into the planet. He knew his people would allow for that possibility. If the pilot had any brains at all he would be able to correct for it. If not the man would have been too stupid for his use.

The pilot checked his board again. “Nothing within two hours range and that’s assuming they saw the flash and took immediate action.”

“Set course at a leisurely pace.” The corner of the Chief Elder’s mouth turned up again. “We can’t make it appear too easy can we?” 

*   *   *

There it is! Kimbra thought, scanning the vast swamp from her perch in a tree some fifty cubits from the ground. She raised her holographic camera to her face, ignoring the buzz of the quadflies around her head. The bugs had multifaceted eyes, a long narrow tail and four wings that spanned up to a cubit.  She aimed the recorder’s two lenses passed the annoying flies and at the beast deep in the marsh. She zoomed in and began recording. Only the long arching neck and back of the fire throwing monster was now above the swamp’s watery muck. She knew what it was the moment she had seen it raise above the surface. A few seconds later, its head popped out of the water and began looking around. It was feeding on the roots of a Mosossy tree.

Suddenly, the head and neck of another beast surfaced next to the first. This one was only a quarter of the size of the first. It was a baby!  Rare was it to see two of these magnificent creatures together, let alone a mother and baby. This would please the Zethm clan greatly, her employer.

Her days and hours of waiting and watching had finally paid for this expedition. Kimbra was one of the few professional ecologist left on the world. She felt most humans had become too self-centered to care about anything, but themselves. She hoped her work would help educate the people and help turn some back to caring about their surroundings and the life that lives around them. She enjoyed this work more than anything she had ever done and thought this was the only thing left worthwhile. Unfortunately, she could never convince her father of her passion for the subject or its worth to her clan or even humanity.

Moments like this made her decision to ignore her clans wishes worth the trouble it caused. At least to her it was worth it, her father would certainly disagree, but at the moment she didn’t care. She was doing what she liked and enjoyed.

Unexpectedly, both of the long necked beasts simultaneously turned their heads toward the east. These shy creatures had keen hearing. They were hearing something unusual that they clearly did not like. They dove into the moss covered muck, submersing their huge bodies completely from view.

Disappointed, Kimbra lowered the recorder. She had hoped to get more than this on video. They might not show themselves again for days or move off before resurfacing. The swamp they lived in covered over ten thousand square kilocubits of wilderness. Her lookout tree, though tall for this area, covered only a small portion of it.

In frustration she swatted at a quadfly that buzzed too close to her face. It darted to one side then backed away a few cubits. She untied the string that held her hair in a bun. Her hair was so white that it could only be classified as platinum blond. She was no albino. She had a glowing pink skin and soft blue eyes. She loosened the bun and shook her hair free. She wondered what had disturbed the moss monsters. She never noticed her hair falling to her waist.

Kimbra scanned the sky in the same direction the creatures had looked. A dark speck appeared in the pink sky. It slowly grew in size. It was an airspeeder and was headed directly at her.  She could faintly hear the whine of its impeller drive now. This also was growing in strength. The craft slowed and dropped in altitude. It glided passed her perch in the tree and landed on the island by her small tent not more than sixty cubits away.

Kimbra wore a tight leather outfit; spotted brown pants with a matching sleeveless shirt that showed every curve of her torso. She hefted the recorder on her back and began her decent to the ground. She made use of several branches and large spikes that she had driven into the tree’s trunk. The spikes spiraled down the trunk connecting several large branches in which she could perch herself on for different views of the swampy wilderness.

By the time she reached the ground, the driver of the car realized that she wasn’t in camp and had located her in the tree. He met her at its base. The man was tall and wiry with dark hair and eyes. He had the stature of the typical male of her clan. In fact, she remembered that she had met him before. She just couldn’t think of his name. This man was not from her employer.

“Why are you here!” Kimbra snapped. “You just ruined weeks of prep work.” Her cheeks were flush and it was not from the climb down.

“Sorry for the interruption,” the man said with no regret in his voice at all. “I have a message for you.” He had volunteered to come out and personally deliver the message. In fact he had arranged it so he would be the only messenger available. This was something he had wanted for quite some time, to be alone with Kimbra.

Kimbra crossed her arms over well-defined breasts. “This had better be good.”

The man reached into his pocket and handed her a black crystal. His eyes moved up her body before landing on her eyes. “There’s a reader in my car if you need one.” He seemed not to notice her anger.

“I haven’t gone primitive. I have one.” Going primitive usually meant someone had run to the swamps or jungles to hide. Usually they feared for their life because of some internal clan dispute. The most notable of these had taken his whole family to the jungles, but it wasn’t because of fear. He preached the end of the world and was kicked out of his clan because of his lunacy.

Kimbra scorned at the messenger. She didn’t like the way he looked at her. “Just tell me who it’s from.” She has seen that look before.

“Your father, of course.” His eyes scanned her body again. “Who else would send a car all the way out here to deliver a personal message?”

This whole situation irritated Kimbra. The man’s gaze made the matters even worse. “Just tell me what he wants.”

“You are being summoned for clan duty.”

Her blond brow lifted. “Really, is that all you know?”

“When you complete your services, your father will release you from all clan obligations, with his complete blessings.”

She looked at the crystal. This would mean no one within her clan would look down on her again. She would be free to do anything she wanted without fear of reprisals from clan members. She started for her tent wondering what event had taken place to make her father change his mind.

The man followed.

Kimbra stopped and turned toward him. “Where you going?”

“With you,” he said confidently. “I thought after you read it that you might want to celebrate your good fortune.” His eye twinkled. “After all, we are the only two people within a hundred kilocubit radius.” He gave her his best smile. “I brought some wine.”

There was that look again. She has seen it more times, in her life, than she could count. She knew what he was after and he wasn’t going to get it. “There’s your car,” she pointed through the trees, “get in it and leave.”

“I’ll take you.” He still hoped to have her. “I will wait until you are ready.”

“I said leave!”

“But how will you get back to Central City?” He protested, seeing his hopes for her disappear. “I was told to escort you in. What will I tell your father?”

“Tell him that I will find my own way in and that I do not need your services!” She put more than one meaning into the last word. She meant it as a threat. If her father found out about his offer, he might not take it too kindly.

“Very well,” he said reluctantly. His eyes no longer roamed her body, but he did not move from his position. “If that is your wish.”

Kimbra noticed the change in his behavior. She kept her smile to herself. “It is, now leave!” She hated people like him. He would sleep with anyone, anywhere. There were a lot of them out there. She felt she had run into every one of them.

It never occurred to her that she was unusually beautiful.

He clinched his jaw for a moment, not used to rejection. Alternatives passed through his mind then decided against them all. Only then did he nod once and turn from his fantasy.

Through the trees, she watched his back the entire distance to his vehicle. He never once looked back at her. Not even after he got into his craft. The humming car lifted and it zipped off in the direction it had come.

She gave the crystal a puzzled look and headed for her tent, wondering what this whole thing was about.

*   *   *

Sandra considered herself lucky. She now found herself seated on the bridge of the Legacy. The Legacy had the highest secrecy classification a ship could have in the Air force or any other branch of service. She learned the Legacy was more than an aircraft. It was a space ship with amazing accelerations that she couldn’t even feel. The purpose of the Legacy wasn’t to travel through space, though that was a necessity, it was designed to travel through time!

The Legacy was far from the pull of the Earth now, yet the ship still maintained internal gravity.

During the trip to the transition point, Captain Beck filled in the gaps where Sandra’s orders lacked. She learned everything she could about the ship and mission. She wanted to be a valuable asset. The cram session filled in a lot, but the more she learned the more she felt she needed to know.

“All systems ready!” Sandra heard the ship’s engineer announced. She tightened her seat restraints.  Sandra, being the historian and decoder for this mission, had nothing to do at the moment. It made her apprehensive with nervous excitement. She rubbed her thighs, wiping the perspiration from her palms.

The seats were arranged in an arched fashion following the curve of the ship. They faced outward toward the panoramic windows. Stars of all colors shown through the windows with a brilliance not seen from Earth.

The ship now cruised midway between Earth and Mars orbit.

Sandra looked down at the console. Her wavy brunette hair hid her petite round nose and deep blue eyes from view. Her irises were so dark that they appeared black from a distance.

Sandra looked at Professor Thomas Abdul, who sat beside her. He was a civilian, but wore the same tan and white uniform except his displayed no markings of rank. How a civilian could get on a mission like this, she would probably never know.

Abdul smiled at Sandra with his indigo eyes. His well-groomed, salt and pepper beard hid any amusement his lips may have shown. Thomas, being the Archeologist/Linguist for the trip, had nothing to do either. He though, was calm. Lord knew how many arms he had to twist to get on this mission. Knowing the right people inside the Secret Service was the key. Abdul had called in every debt to make sure he would be on this trip.  Now he could perform his duty to his god and country in a big way. He was just angry that his partner died of a heart attack the day before the mission was scheduled to go.

Now he would have to accomplish the mission on his own. At least the woman they replaced his partner with appeared to be incompetent or naive. He hid the satisfaction he felt. With his colleague dead, he would now get all the glory.

“Approaching transition point,” announced Lieutenant Andrew Weeks, the ship’s pilot. He had the same military haircut as the captain. His copper colored skin enhanced his dark hair and handsome face. He looked sharp in the tan uniform. Andrew glanced to Sandra around the curved bridge and winked.

Sandra tried to ignore him. At first it was flattering, but now, just a day later, it was annoying. She knew the type all too well. A lady’s man, or so he thought.

“Thank you, Lieutenant Weeks,” Captain Jonathan Beck acknowledged formally from the command console. Back when the captain had joined, his hair had been as dark as the pilot’s. Now his hairline was receded and his crew cut was gray. He did manage to keep his muscular form. The new tan and white uniform exposed every bulging muscle.

Captain Beck has been the commander of the Legacy since its first flight. This mission will be the longest in terms of time. He gave a quick look at Dr. Olson Davis, who too has been on every flight. Davis was one of the designers of the ship and the ship’s engineer.

Sandra watched Captain Beck. She estimated that he was in his late forties. He projected a calm air of authority as a good, strong captain should. “Recheck all magnetic anomalies in the system and recalculate coordinates. Confirm match.” Beck ordered. “Are we clear of all magnetic and gravitational influences?” The captain asked Dr. Davis.

“All are within expected operational parameters.” Dr. Davis announced. He was in his early seventies. Even with gray kinky hair, his thin wiry body and dark smooth skin gave him a more youthful appearance.

Beck scanned his board and saw all systems were green. “CHIP, unlock system for minus six thousand.”

The Computer Human Interface Program was the ship’s main operating system. It watched over the ship’s operations and insured that the crew stayed within the mission parameters. With missions as delicate as the Legacy was designed to do, the government authorities wanted safeguards in place.

“Minus six thousand years,” CHIP repeated in a pleasant male voice. “Matches mission profile, unlocking transition system, relaying coordinates.”

”Minus six thousand,” pilot Weeks repeated, “entering coordinates.” A moment later he answered. “Coordinates match those of CHIP’s.”

“Lock in coordinates and load in the time routine,” the captain ordered.

“Locking and loading,” the pilot repeated as if he were preparing to fire a gun.

Captain Beck looked again to the elderly engineer. “Dr. Davis, bring the magnetic rollers to full speed.”

“With pleasure captain,” Davis began touching buttons on his console and smiled as if he were playing with his favorite toy.

Sandra knew the time transition was about to take place! She glanced around the control deck, studying the faces of each in turn. The captain, the pilot, the doctor, the engineer and the two techs all have done this before. Even though this would be the farthest jump back in time, they had calm professionally neutral expressions. The other mission specialist was the only other person aboard that had not been through a transition before. Professor Thomas Abdul’s expression was hidden by his well-groomed beard.

Knowing all the magnetic anomalies in the local space, namely the solar system, was important for a safe transit. One did not want to get hit by solid matter or pass through the magnetic field of a nearby planet as they slipped back in time.

The Legacy was Earth’s first time machine. The ship did not have the capability of jumping to an exact time. The best they could hope for was a window of a hundred years for every thousand year increment. The return trip to the present will be exactly the same amount of time. So if they spent a week in the past, they would return exactly one week later.

The first few time trips were short, both in the time transition and duration, testing out the ship and crew. This would be the first prolonged mission. Through long debates between government officials and scientists, it was decided that the ancient Egyptians would be the best selection. They had a long period of civilization, an easy window to hit. They hoped to find the answers for many questions. The government wanted to know if the Egyptians were the remnants of a fallen civilization as some believed. If so, did they have any lost technology? Or were they simply in a perfect climate that aided them into evolving into a thriving society? And the most famous question of all, how were the pyramids built?

Sandra was certainly glad that the Americans were first to invented the time ship and not a hostile country. She could only imagine the damage this ship could cause in the wrong hands. Even if it couldn’t go back in time, it still had remarkable capability. Dr. Davis had told her the cost to build the ship was so great that only a super power could build it, not to mention the complexities of the hardware.

“Rollers spinning up,” Olson Davis said from the engineering console. The soft hum of the ship increased in pitch. “Reaching resonance, magnet vortex peaking.”

Sandra listened to the countdown procedure.  Her heart raced. No doubt the doctor would be watching the crew. If no one else noticed her tension, Dr. Rena Homes would.

“Approaching magnetic vortex saturation,” Dr. Davis announced. “Glowing magnetism will be achieved in three seconds.” The specially designed magnetic rollers, spun faster and faster around a magnetic ring that gave the ship its saucer shape. They were building the magnetic energy around the ship similar to the vortexes in a K5 tornado. The magnetic vortexes that encapsulated the ship gave the ship its propulsion. Now they were reaching the frequency and energy level needed for the time transition.

As the count reached zero, Sandra looked out the large curved observation window at the front of the control deck. A faint green glow could be seen across the whole star field. The ship began to tremble. The stars then shimmered and turned to a beautiful baby blue. They moved closer together and became brighter. More stars appeared between them and grew in brightness still. The ship lunged then stopped suddenly. The stars returned to their original colors, but remained in their new positions. Even Sandra knew that something unexpected had happened. It was a beautiful thing to see, but she was told she should not have felt a thing. She also knew going back in time just six thousand years would not have made that big a difference in the star’s positions.

“Transit completed,” CHIP announced, “all systems nominal.”

“Magnetic rollers spinning down to idle.” Davis informed.

“Confirm location,” Captain Beck ordered.

Sandra saw him staring intently at the stars as well. Though he hid it well, she knew he hadn’t expected the stars to shift so dramatically either.

“What happened?” Beck demanded after giving his crew ample time to answer.

“We went through some sort of magnetic/gravitational disturbance,” Dr. Davis postulated, keeping his eyes glued to his console. His fingers danced over the board.

“Well?” Beck asked, looking at the Legacy’s sensory tech.

“I can’t find a match,” Bruce McNeal admitted. “I’ve back tracked the chart ten thousand years.” Bruce was one of the ship’s techs. He had a time map of all the major stars that he was comparing to. He was considered their astronomy expert.

“Impossible, keep looking,” the captain said sternly. He saw from his console that all systems reported a smooth successful transit. “CHIP, do a ship wide, system one diagnostics. Report all anomalies.” The captain had his emotions well masked, but his voice was a bit sharp. “We are obviously not where we are supposed to be.” He looked to both the tech and his engineer. “Find out,” he ordered. He then turned to address the ship’s computer. “CHIP, from all the data you have, can you tell me what went wrong?”

CHIP was designed to monitor all functions of the ship, plus inform the crew if any action they took could change the timeline. CHIP answered in a mellow male voice. “Nothing went wrong captain. The ship has performed perfectly. According to ship functions, we made the time transit right on target. I must report, though, that star positions are not consistent with expected locations.”

“CHIP has to be wrong captain,” Bruce answered. “We are not even in the same solar system. The inner planets that I have located are in similar orbits, but their optical spectrums are wrong.”

“Keep in mind Bruce that CHIP only looks at internal data supplied by the ship’s equipment,” Dr. Davis pointed out. “That only indicates the ship seemed to perform as designed. We could have overlooked something or hit upon a variable we never thought of before. In essence that turbulence we hit could have put us anywhere or anytime.”

“You mean like into another universe?” Andrew Weeks interjected.

Olson Davis only shrugged.

“Well,” the captain interrupted, “I want to know everything we can about the system we are in.”

 A few minutes later Bruce McNeal spoke. “Captain,” the tech interjected, “I’ve found some star matches and the reason I couldn’t find any earlier.”

“Explain.”

“I decided to see if I could find Earth’s closest neighbor, Alpha Centauri. I did, I then located the next closest, then the next.” Bruce paused for a moment, staring at his console. “When I did this I learned that the red shift in the spectrum is missing. In my initial search I used stars further out. This made their spectral signature off just enough for CHIP to reject them as matches.”

“The star’s red shifts are gone?” Dr. Davis said incredibly. “That would mean we went back millions if not billions of years!”

The captain paced behind them a moment. “Let’s not jump to conclusions,” Beck ordered, giving each person a reassuring touch on the shoulder as he walked behind them. “No need to panic. Our ship is in working order. Let’s find out where we are. Shall we? It may answer all of our questions.” He stopped behind Bruce, putting both hands briefly on his shoulders. “CHIP, assist Bruce in mapping the system we are in.” He looked at the local sun in one of Bruce’s monitors. It burned the same brightness and color as Earth’s. “Return the ship to normal operation. All non-flight op crew are now dismissed.”

Sandra released her belt, stood, meeting Thomas in the isle. They walked passed the curved row of consoles that followed the saucer shape of the ship. They entered the living area they called the commons.

“Professor Abdul, what do you think about this?” Sandra asked, pushing a button on the drink dispenser. She had heard a lot about Thomas Abdul before she met him during the briefing. He had discovered several Egyptian sites that had been buried for millennia, which fueled the controversy of Egypt’s origins. Though he hadn’t done anything special in the last five years he was still a well respected Archeologist. He could read thirty some languages and speak nearly as many.

“You can call me Thomas.”

She nodded, “Thomas it is.”

“All I can say,” Thomas answered in a low voice, “is that they better find Earth, our Earth. I don’t care if the stars aren’t where we expected them to be.” He pronounced each word precisely.

The drink dispenser beeped. Sandra slid open the door, grabbed the freshly brewed cup of coffee and handed it to Thomas. “Really?” She was concerned herself, but she wasn’t angry like Thomas seemed to be. She pushed another button.

Thomas took the cup without indicating thanks. “Right, I didn’t come all this way just to be another missing person in history,” he elaborated.

A minute later, the dispenser beeped again and Sandra grabbed her cup. They stepped over to the long narrow table that followed the curve of the outer hull. It had seven small chairs around it. They selected chairs opposing one another so they could talk face to face.

Before they could continue the conversion, the female tech and Dr. Rena Homes quietly entered the room. The room actually functioned not just as a kitchen, but it also was the living quarters for the crew. It also contained an entertainment center on the interior wall.

Dr. Rena Homes went over to Sandra and started taking her vitals while she talked. “Why did the captain excused us?” She asked Diane Weaver when she sat beside her. Diane was one of the ship’s technicians.

“We currently aren’t needed on the control deck.” She shrugged. “Also, the doc here has to get everyone’s vitals after a transition, standard procedure. This way she can get her work done and allow us some comfort. Don’t worry we’ll get our turn.”

Sandra guessed that Diane was in her early thirties. Her completion and short straight hair suggested the age, but her baby blue eyes gave her the curiosity of youth. “Has there been any problems before? With the ship I mean.”

“No,” Diane shrugged again, “not anything that threatened the mission.”

“I am sure she is not at liberty to say more.” Thomas Abdul cut in. He pronounced his words with precision and authority.

“True,” Diane glanced at him with annoyance. “The ship and the missions are quite interesting though.” She looked up to the doctor who was still looking over Sandra. “Isn’t that right Doc.”

Homes silently nodded and move on to check out Professor Abdul. “Actually, I was excited about this mission.” Dr. Homes amended a moment later. She then added, “The engineers have added better remote sensing equipment. I’ll be able to actually check the health of the people we were sent to study.” She shrugged, “but now...”

Thomas Abdul smirked behind his beard. There was more to this mission than the doctor knew, more than the government had even planned. His personal objectives were still in tacked. The advent of being lost was just an obstacle to overcome.

“What would have been your role professor?” Sandra asked Thomas. She knew from the profile she had read that he was not just an archeologist. He has had connections with the CIA a long time. It just didn’t specify what the connections were or how the CIA used him.

“Why linguist of course.” He stated as if she should have known, and she should have if she had been with the team from the get go. He decided to overlook that. She certainly was a better looking replacement and decided a compliment wouldn’t hurt his goals. “With your knowledge of foreign cultures and religions, you are a perfect complement to my archeological knowledge as well as your decoding abilities to my linguistics.”

Sandra wondered if he was he bragging or complimenting.

A few minutes later the rest of the crew stepped into the room and found seats around the long curved table. The doctor remained standing and merely went to the next person in line for their medical evaluation.

“CHIP,” the captain addressed the ship’s computer. “Maintain ship’s position and monitor all external sensors. Notify me of any changes.”

“I shall,” the ship responded.

Captain Jonathon Beck looked around the table, briefly making eye contact with each crew member. “For obvious reasons, I am officially scrubbing our planned mission. Of course our first objective is to find our way home. And I’m not going to risk a return transition until we know where we are and what actually happened. We could put ourselves in a worse position if we attempt that.” He looked to the white headed engineer. “Dr Olson, give us a brief summary of the time transition.”

Olson nodded once. “I have determined that we had indeed passed through a magnetic/gravitational anomaly. It was of horrific magnitude, and the source unknown. It could have been universal. If that was the case we could be anywhere, anytime.”

Beck turned to the sensory tech. “Bruce, give us a summary of where we are.”

Bruce McNeal was a stocky man with the same military crew cut. He glanced up at the doctor who had just moved to his side to take his vitals. He gave her a quick smile before speaking. “We are in a solar system, similar to our own in many ways, but very different in others.”

“That is to be expected.” Abdul interjected. If Sandra had her eyes closed she would have imagined his nose stuck in the air.

“True,” Bruce said, giving the doctor another glancing smile, when she took his wrist to take his pulse. “It is the way that it is similar, that puzzles me. There are five inner planets all are about the size as the planets in our solar system and in the same order of size. All of their orbits are slightly closer to the sun. The curious thing about that is the difference in there orbits has an exponential component with the distance from the sun.”

“How so?” the captain inquired, tilting his head slightly.

“The closer the planet is to the sun the less of a percentage the orbit is off.” Bruce shrugged his thick shoulders. “It is a very small fraction, but if the trend holds the differences would become significant the further out you go.”

“Our solar system only has four inner planets.” Diane stated.

“Here there is an icy fifth planet where our asteroid belt is.” Bruce clarified.

“So there is a planet in Earth’s orbit. Is it habitable?” Sandra asked hopefully. If they were stuck here, living on an earth-like planet wouldn’t be so bad.

“It’s too far away to tell, but I know its spectral signature is really different than Earth’s. It gives off far more pink light.” Bruce gave a quirky smile. “Oddly enough it has a moon the same size as Earth’s. Its orbit is off by the same percentage as the planet.”

“Could we be in a parallel universe?” Diane asked looking to Dr. Davis for the answer. “That anomaly we went through could be a doorway to another universe.”

Davis ran his fingers through his kinky gray hair and shrugged. “It is a possibility. The math behind our ship’s operation does have its ambiguities, but I would prefer to think we are at a different time than we wanted. It would certainly simplify the equations in getting us back home.”

“Is that wishful thinking on your part?” The captain asked. Sometimes the time travel engineer could be a little vague.

“Correct,” the dark engineer frowned. “It could be either or both.”

“How comforting,” Abdul grumbled. His mission could be shot too if they can’t figure out what happened. Up to this point he had assumed they would be able to get back. But after watching Olson Davis’ reactions, Thomas knew the old man didn’t have a clue.

“What about the outer planets?” The captain asked. “Do they follow the same trend as the inner?”

“The one’s we have located, yes….”

“Sorry to interrupt,” CHIP answered in his usual mild voice. “I have been monitoring the external sensors as ordered and I believe that I have detected another ship.”

The crew looked at each other in disbelief or surprised concern.

“Explain,” the captain ordered.

“It is an object of high reflectivity on a course for the fourth planet and …

“Everyone to the control deck!” Beck ordered his crew over CHIP’s explanation.

*   *   *

Kion realigned the habitat module using the backup maneuvering jets. He then fired off the remaining fuel in the chemical thrusters. He was thrown into his seat then felt the pressure slowly release to weightlessness. The thrust had quit sooner than he had hoped. He wasn't sure if it had burned long enough to avoid collision.

Kion checked his course and let out his breath.  He was safe, for the moment.  The habitat module was in decaying polar orbit.  He had bought himself some time, at least.

On his console, Kion ran through a series of menus and icons with the console’s trackball. He checked the battery first. It was at full charge with no power leakage. This confirmed that the short had been in the core. He then ran tests on all of the life support systems. No failures or power drains were indicated. He brought the system back on line. Fans spun to life.

He checked the transmitter next. It was still working properly.  If his luck held out and no more disasters occurred, someone might see his emergency beacon. Theoretically he had enough time for someone to spot him and come to his aid. If not he would crash into the planet's ice shield. He found himself hoping it would be a Borman ship and not some other clan. He looked down at the pink glowing planet, and decided that he didn’t care who rescued him as long as someone did.

Kion watched the pink and magenta planet grow slowly as the habitat module's decaying orbit brought it closer and closer to his home world, Terra. The habitat module had just enough spin to give Kion one look at the pink glow of the day side and one look at the magenta side of night for every revolution. The scene changed from pink to magenta to pink six times. He counted them. He had nothing else to do.

The planet's ice shield was so close now that he could almost detect variations in its surface. He knew he was close indeed, for the ice shield's surface was far smoother than the planet's surface below.

The ice shield was a complex matrix of frozen hydrogen and water. Hydrogen in the frozen state becomes a superconductor.  All superconductors can float on strong magnetic field’s, like a boat in water. Terra’s strong magnet field caused the hydrogen to form a giant ice bubble around the planet. Only the poles had openings in the ice. If this hadn't been the case, man never would have made it into space.

The ice layer had a dynamic cyclical process. On a predictable schedule, the pole openings would alternately freeze over, but the closures only lasted a few months each year and were about six months apart. The closures were observable from the ground. It had told early man that something solid had encased their world, though they could see stars through it. The mystery of what it was and what lay beyond helped to spawn interest in space early on.

The ice bubble had a high rate of spin compared to the planet within. This high rate of speed prevented the sun from boiling it away. In this state, the frozen hydrogen absorbed virtually none of the sun’s energy. It either passed the light through or reflected it, depending on the frequency. Ultra-violet and higher frequencies were reflected and everything lower passed through, except pink light. The hydrogen ice tended to refract and carry some of the pink light to the night side as if it were optical fiber. This gave the dark side of the planet the deep magenta glow. Any charge particle streaming from the sun would be directed to poles via the magnet field of planet.

"Attention endangered craft," Kion finally heard over his radio. It was a voice that commanded authority. "I am on an approach vector and will use a magnetic grapple to latch onto your ship. Is there anyone aboard that can respond?"

Kion gave a long exhale. He clicked on an icon that interrupted his emergency beacon. "Yes, this is Kion of the Borman clan aboard the habitat module of the Traverse."

"I am Moricron of the Maheel clan," the deep voice of the Chief Elder replied. The voice was cold as steel. "Do you accept the charges of the Sacred Writings?"

The Sacred Writings told how people should conduct their affairs in society. In this case, Kion would owe Moricron half of the value of his ship or the cargo he carried, which ever was greater. Plus, he would owe a month’s worth of service.  "Yes, I accept," Kion answered.  What choice did he have? If he didn’t, Moricron had every right to leave him in a decaying orbit to die.

Minutes later a large shadow fell over Kion's cockpit. He looked out. It was a large vessel with a bulky set of impeller nacelles that extended out either side of the main hull. A Stearman build craft if Kion wasn't mistaken. The Stearman clan made the best ships in the solar system. This told Kion the owner had both power and money.

Kion focused a camera on the belly of the Stearman. A grappling boom was lowering from the large freighter's hull.  The pilot of Moricron's ship then skillfully maneuvered over what remained of the Traverse. The moment the magnetic grapple grabbed hold, Kion heard a clunk through the hull. He was thrown against his seat restraints as it stopped the module's slow spin.

The boom pulled Kion's module up against the large ship. He heard additional clamps grab hold. The ship accelerated away from the ice shield.

Kion felt none of the acceleration, now. From this, he knew his ship was inside the induction field of the large freighter's drive impellers.  This was an indication that Moricron's Stearman freighter had plenty of power.

"I was on approach to land at Central City when I spotted your emergency beacon," the Chief Elder explained. Moricron really wasn’t lying. He was scheduled to land there. Of course it had been all part of the plan. "Can your environmental systems support you until I land?" Moricron knew they would. If not his agents would have to answer for their incompetence. The last thing he wanted to do was have his pawn come aboard. No point in giving the enemy any information that wasn’t necessary.

Kion checked his life support systems and battery power, still no sign of damage. "Yes, in fact, life support is still in automatic mode. It is raising atmospheric pressure to match that of Terra." At least he still had that to brag about. "The habitat module seems to be undamaged."

"Good," replied Moricron. There was no hint of concern in his voice. "We will be landing in fifty-two minutes."

Kion sat back in his seat. He might as well relax and enjoy the view of his home world. With his work, hauling cargo in from Celebrity's moon, Celet, he had little opportunity to visit Terra. He had planned a two week vacation, this time in, but now he would be indentured to Moricron for a month. He now doubted that he would have any time to himself.

The opening in the ice shield at the North Pole was coming into view. It appeared as a dark green and blue circle against the glowing ice layer. Because of the tilt of the planet’s axis, most of the opening was surrounded by bright pink of the day side. Only a small portion of the hole’s perimeter gave off the gentle magenta glow of the night side. The opening appeared to be growing in size as they approached.

Kion had made this trip several times and knew Moricron was approaching the opening at a fast pace and shallow angle.  Kion deemed the speed and angle to be unsafe, especially considering the size of the Stearman freighter. That also was ignoring the fact that the Traverse’s habitat module was grappled to it.  Moricron must be a thrill seeker, or worse yet, someone who cared nothing for safety. Perhaps, Kion thought, Moricron was just trying to impress his new indentured servant. If so, it was working. Kion didn’t like that kind of showmanship.

The lights flickered in Traverse's habitat module as they passed through the ice opening. At this point, over the pole, Terra's magnetic field was its strongest, being nearly perpendicular to the planet’s surface. Normally, it would not affect his systems, for they were designed for Terra re-entry. Since the habitat module was no longer connected to the power and drive module, it no longer had proper shielding. Some of the planet's magnetic energy was induced into the system. Kion hoped it wouldn't cause a blowout. Then again, if it did, what did it matter? What’s left of his ship was being carried to the spaceport. They would land in a few minutes anyway.

Only now, as they neared the surface, did Moricron's freighter begin to slow. Lush green jungles flowed passed them and a pleasant pink sky was above. By the time Central City's polished stone skyscrapers came into view, they were close enough to the ground to see the magnificent beasts that roamed the jungles. Kion watched several giant birds soar beneath them. At least, Kion thought, Moricron did have enough sense to stay above those flying beasts.

The jungle opened to a grassy plain with widely spaced tall trees and lush green vegetation. Large herds of animals ignored the approaching ship. The Stearman freighter was still too high for Kion to tell what they were.

A huge stone wall came into view. Each block measured ten cubits tall by ten cubits wide by thirty long. Kion knew the stones were so tightly fit that a coin would not be able to slip between the blocks. The barrier wall was designed to keep the massive wild animals from the city and spaceport. Inside only man-made objects could be seen. Even the spaceport was a flat surface of smoothed rock. Outside the barrier wall the animals roamed freely grazing on the lush vegetation. A stampede of the giant beasts, if allowed within the city, could cause much destruction. Therefore, the barrier wall was built. Though not currently in view, a second was being constructed, for further expansion and food production.

Moricron flew over the wall and approached an empty docking cradle.  He hovered his ship over it and skillfully lowered Kion's habitat module into position.

"We have a successful latch!" Kion said into his radio, watching his monitor. He heard a click run through the hull. He was glad that the trip was finally over.

"Releasing grapple," Moricron answered. "Stay where you are. I will come to meet you shortly."

"I will have the airlocks open," Kion somberly replied, knowing Moricron was eager to collect his reward. He had not hid it well.

Kion watched Moricron's ship move off and out of sight. Only then did he leave the cockpit. He stopped at the airlock’s control panel next to the inner hatch. He needed to make sure that cabin pressure had reached Terra's. The icon was flashing ‘equalized’. He opened both locks.  A refreshing breeze rolled in.  He stepped to the outer hatch and extended the ramp.

He took a deep breath.  How he had missed the sweet scent of blossoming flora. Breathing Terra’s atmosphere always made him feel better. He knew, in part, that his feelings were real physical reactions the human body had to man’s natural environment, but for him it was more. Sometimes he found himself wishing his work would allow him to stay.

Kion stretched, looking up into the pink cloudless sky. He scanned across the landing field glancing at ships coming and going, most were atmospheric vehicles not intended for space. Moricron's ship caught his eye. The unusual craft was landing on a pad off in the distance.  Kion sat on the ramp and crossed his legs. He wanted to breathe the fresh scented air while he waited.

A moment after Moricron's freighter settled onto its landing struts, a hatch opened on its side. A small induction drive car flew out.  As it approached, Kion saw that it had a sealed cabin with a wire cage behind it. The vehicle was designed to carry loose cargo in vacuum. Kion was not surprised to see the car accelerate quickly and turn his direction. Moricron had to be aboard it.

As the car came to a quick stop at the bottom of his ramp, the car’s whine slid to a soft hum. The car hovered for a second then slowly settled onto its landing struts.

The driver's door opened. A tall wiry man with black hair, chiseled face and dark eyes stepped out. Moricron had to be at least five cubits tall. That was unusual for a person who had lived most of their life out in space. Kion had assumed Moricron had. Now he wondered if that was truly the case.  He noticed more features as Moricron ascended up the ramp. Small wrinkles around his charcoal eyes and his olive shading of skin indicated that Moricron had spent several years in an environment subject to higher frequency radiation, such as ultraviolet wavelengths.  Kion finally concluded that Moricron had spent his first two hundred years on Terra to allow him to grow so tall.  He then must have moved off planet, perhaps to Quadet, the forth planet. Quadet's atmosphere was a third that of Terra's and it didn't have an ice shield around it to block out the higher frequency radiation.

They greeted each other in the traditional half bow.

"You are Kion of the Borman clan, I presume." Moricron's deep voice was even more ominous in person. The confidence in that voice showed that Moricron had no doubts that Kion was of the Borman clan. Anyone who knew the Bormans would have no doubts either. Kion had the typical traits of a Borman, strawberry blond hair, blue eyes and a strong dimpled chin.

Kion nodded, "and you, Moricron of the Maheel clan." Kion had heard of the Maheel name, though he had never had any direct contact with them before. If he remembered correctly, the Borman clan may have had some disagreements with them in the past. He just couldn't remember what they were.

Moricron returned the nod. He wasn’t about to tell his servant his full title. He would learn it soon enough. "I wish to inspect your cargo." By the Sacred Writings, it was his right.

"Of course, follow me." Kion turned and headed through the airlock, passed his small living quarters, and back to the small cargo hold that once was part of a fully functional ship. In the center stood a cubical machine, it occupied most of the cargo hold.  There was just enough room to walk around it.

Moricron walked a complete circle around it, ducking his head to keep from hitting the low curving ceiling.  He saw that the machine barely fit through the cargo hatch.  "What is this!"

"Don't you recognize a cryogenic chamber?" Kion had to make that jab. He didn't like Moricron's superior attitude. If all the Maheel's had attitudes like this, he understood why his clan has had conflicts with them.

"Ah yes," Moricron answered as if he didn’t know. He looked through the single glass port in its door. "I do now." He saw racks lining the interior wall securely holding a countless number of shinny metal tubes about a half cubit long.  They hid what they contained. "What are you carrying?" He asked as if he didn’t know.

"Celet Crystals," Celet Crystals grew naturally only on the cold moon of Celet. It orbited the faraway seventh planet, Celebrity. Celet was the only place in the solar system that contained the forth known type of hydrocarbon. On Celet, it naturally existed in all three states, solid, liquid, and gas. If it were ever exposed to the normal temperatures of man, it would instantly vaporize.

Moricron's brow rose, playing the role of an astonished benefactor perfectly. "Celet Crystals! I shall accept these as payment." The corner of his mouth twitched upward. Using that informant, thought Moricron, has proved most profitable. Moricron now had the means to make the weapons that he greatly desired! Plus a whole lot more when everything planned has taken its course!

"I thought that you would," Kion replied, noticing the brief smile. Kion clinched his jaw and curled his fingers into fists. Moricron showed no compassion for his dilemma. True, he was now an indentured servant, but he knew many masters that had treated their unfortunate bondsman kindly while taking their full reward. It would not have hurt Moricron to show a little sympathy.

Kion’s anger faded to remorse. His father had needed the value of this cargo to continue his work.  He has failed his father. Now his work will come to a halt.  He sighed in resignation. Maybe it wasn't a total loss. His insurance would payoff for the loss of the ship. He then could give that to his father. Perhaps it would hold him over until new funding could be found.

"Of course," Moricron boomed, still looking in the freezer, "this still does not free you from your obligation to me for a mouth." He did not try to hide his pleasure now. Things were starting to come together nicely.

"I will honor the Sacred Writings," Kion said more forcefully than he intended. He didn’t want to show weakness, but the anger boiled back up, forcing it out stronger than he had intended. Kion really didn't care how others felt about him. He just believed the Sacred Writings were true, and following them was the right thing to do.  He knew if he followed the Sacred Writings, it would bring honor to his clan, and that, he did care about. Other clans considered such things in business dealings.  Right now, honor was all that he had left.

Some people, Kion knew, used the Sacred Writings to further their own gain.  Kion was beginning to feel that Moricron was one of them. He suddenly realized that Moricron had not once asked what had happened to his ship.  What manner of man was he?



CHAPTER TWO

The Legacy was now in orbit over the third planet, completing the mapping of its surface. The planet glowed and eerie pink on the day side and a deep magenta on the night side. Amazingly, Sandra thought, the land and water were clearly visible through the ice layer with no distortions. There were no clouds and no ice caps.

So far it appeared they have gone unnoticed. On the trip here, they had spotted a total of four ships. There were probably others, undetected. The first was headed for the fourth planet as CHIP said. The second was headed for the fifth planet. The third ship was headed to the third planet. They had actually watched it pick up and object in orbit and pass through the opening at the North Pole. The last ship was headed to the other side of the sun, destination unknown. The first two ships origination point had been the third planet.

Since the third planet appeared to be the center of activity and happened to be in a similar orbit as Earth’s. The captain decided to investigate it first, making the assumption it would have an environment more Earth like than any of the other planets.

Once they were in orbit they had spotted several more ships leaving or returning to the planet, all of them through the North Pole opening. None of them seemed to take any interest in them.

This planet was definitely populated by a space fairing society, so Sandra’s role has grown in importance. She was digging into all the new incoming data while quietly listening to the control deck’s conversations.

“Mapping now complete,” the pilot announced. “No surprising changes, one giant continent, teaming with life.”

“What puzzles me,” Diane Weaver said. “We have found only a few satellites in orbit. I would have expected many more for a space faring civilization.”

“It probably has to do with that ice layer,” Dr. Olson Davis remarked. “It passes all the visual and lower frequencies such as radio, but it reflects or absorbs all the higher frequencies.”

“How could that ice layer even exist?” Captain Beck asked, knowing he had never heard of anything like it before.

“As you know I’ve been studying that since you started the mapping.” Olson had an intrigued look on his face. “It is a very dynamic structure, made of water ice and frozen hydrogen. The hydrogen is what gives it the glow, converting the energy it absorbs into pink light. It acts like a superconductor and optical fiber. I surmise it carries the pink light to the night side, giving it the magenta glow that we see. Essentially the whole shell of ice is glowing a shade of pink.”

As usual the engineer got side tracked. “You said it was dynamic,” Beck reminded. “How?”

“Well, the ice shell flows like a glacier from the equator to the poles.”

“It’s moving to the poles?” The captain sounded incredulous.

“Yes, the only theory I can come up with is the air at the surface is so thick that it can hold very little moisture. Any water that does get evaporated into the air either drops right back to the surface in the form of dew or by the time the water can condense into clouds its already at the level of the ice layer and so collects on the underside of it at temperatures that can freeze Hydrogen. It collects more on the equator for several reasons.” The old man shrugged. “I haven’t proven it yet, but I believe gravity and the magnetic field tries to balance it out, hence it flows to the weakest points, the North and South Pole. There, it is least protected by the magnetic field and is constantly bombarded with solar particles where the ice is evaporated back into the atmosphere. In fact that is why you will find a hole in the ice at the North Pole. It is the pole currently pointing toward the sun.”

“So when the South Pole points toward the sun, it will open up and the North Pole will close, because of the flow.” Diane said excitedly.

“Absolutely correct!” Davis responded, pleased.

“And it’s that hole in the ice,” pilot Weeks added, “that those ships went through to escape the planet.”

“I would like to know what type of propulsion those ships have.” Bruce said. “Is it similar to ours? It certainly isn’t chemical.”

The captain turned to Sandra and Thomas. “What can you tell me about this civilization?”

Thomas raised his chin, smiled and opened the palm of his hand toward Sandra. “Ladies first.”

Sandra nodded her thanks. “All the transmissions we’ve picked up are in a digital format. Until I figure out that format, I won’t know if any of it is coded. It’s a two-step process. I’ve also noticed that the amount of transmissions are light to what I would have expected too. I’ll need more data and closer observation to speed it along.”

“And you Thomas?” Beck asked.

“Well… as you know,” he pronounced deliberately. “There is one giant land mass, a Pangaea, if you will.”

“Go on,” Beck prompted at the deliberate pause.

“There are large cities scattered throughout … Pangaea. All of them seem to have perimeter walls. The walls seem to be built for protection against wild animals not the other planet inhabitants. Comparatively, only a few smaller villages reside outside the larger city walls.  The rest of the land is vast stretches of wilderness with only a few roads connecting the larger cities. Those roads seem lightly used and are in disrepair. It reminds me of twentieth century Russia.”

“Diane,” Beck said, turning to the athletic built woman. “How is our stealth equipment holding up?”

“Still operationally normal and apparently well enough for us to not be noticed”

“Good, ...” Beck turned back to his console. “CHIP, are there any objections to landing on this planet?” He doubted they could learn anything new up here. Besides the longer they stayed out in the open the more likely they would be spotted.

“None sir,” the computer calmly answered. “We have already concluded this could not be Earth, therefore, landing here will not conflict with my directives.”

“Very well then, prepare for planet fall.” Beck announced. “Sandra pick a landing site that will be well hidden yet give us the most variety of habitat to study. I want to know as much as we can about this planet before we decide to make contact with its people.”

Sandra nodded. That order would be easily filled. The giant continent was one big wilderness, scattered by pockets of advanced civilization. She picked a location that had inland lakes, heavily forested hills with small clearings. Oddly enough there were no major mountains on the entire planet. The planet was fairly flat.

A dot appeared on the map where she selected.

The captain reviewed it and forwarded the coordinates to his pilot. “Plot a course that will give us least exposure. I know it’s a relatively small hole at the North Pole to go through. If they’re watching it, we’ll be spotted for sure. Just do your best.”

“Aye sir.”

The hum of the magnetic rollers changed slightly in pitch as the field around the ship was altered to nudge them out of orbit, putting them on a powered downward course to the opening at the top of the world. They planned to fly in fast at the shallowest angle possible. This would reduce the amount of time at the opening, but also meant they would fly through its center.

Sandra watched out the broad, viewing windows. With the ship angled downward she could now clearly see the opening. It was a circle of blue and green, the only section of the planet that did not have a pink or magenta glow to it. It rapidly grew to engulf the whole view out the windows. When they reached the opening, the power suddenly flickered off. A second later emergency lighting came on. The hum of the rollers started to die and the spinning superconductor disks that enabled the artificial gravity was winding down too. Soon they would be able to feel every force that battered the ship.

The turbulence told Sandra they were now hitting thicker atmosphere. The magnetic rollers were slowing further and the magnet vortex around the ship was weakening. They were losing propulsion and control. As the ship’s magnetic field failed, Sandra felt the thrashing more and more. She watched out the viewing windows. A pink cloudless sky was now above them and the green and blue surface below was racing by quickly and coming up fast to meet them. She felt her heart racing. All she could to was sit and watch, which made matters seem worse.

“Restore power!” Captain Beck hollered over the roar.

“The breakers have popped!” Dr. Davis replied with more force than you would expect from a seventy year old. The rollers were coasting to a stop. “They won’t re-engage. They’re too hot.”

“At least divert the battery power and get those rollers and disks spinning!”

The pilot had fought to flatten their course, diverting as much of their kinetic energy into forward speed, but he knew it wouldn’t be enough. They were still going down. There was nothing he could do about that now unless the rollers could be restarted. With the rollers still coasting, he could at least steer the ship some and hope for a soft landing.

“Not enough power to do either, but I might be able to keep the rollers running long enough for a controlled landing.” Olson proclaimed.

“Do it!” Beck ordered. “Andrew, you’re in the pilot’s seat, guide us in the best you can.”

“Aye sir!” then under his breath he mumbled, “What do you think I was doing?”

Since the Legacy was saucer shaped and aerodynamic, Andrew was able to obtain lift. More lift than he expected. Perhaps Davis was correct, he thought, it may have a thick atmosphere. He was able to slow their descent and speed, but the rollers just couldn’t generate a strong enough field to overcome the gravity. They were going down just not as hard as he first thought. They just might survive the crash if the ship could take the heat.

 The ship flew south for what seemed like an eternity, getting closer to the ground by the minute. The ship flew low over a large lake. It hit its marshy shoreline, bounced back into the air, shearing off the belly sensor package. The ship then bounced once more and slid onto dry ground. They somehow avoided the large trees that dotted the landscape. The ship came to a rest with a slight tilt.

Sandra had her seat restraints too loose and she somehow hit her head on her console putting a bloody gash on her for head.

Captain Beck scanned the crew for injuries. He saw that at least everyone was conscious, though Sandra Sommers looked the most dazed, with blood trickling from her forehead. He saw that Bruce McNeil’s seat harness broke and had thrown him into his console. He held his arm.

“I think my arm is broken,” he muttered in pain.

Dr. Holmes quickly released her harness and came to Sandra’s aid. “Nothing serious, looks like a mild concussion. That laceration will require a sealant.” She cleaned Sandra’s forehead, and sprayed the cut with a biodegradable super glue which sealed and held the laceration together. She immediately proceeded to Bruce. He was still holding his arm. She briefly felt the forearm. He winced in pain. She looked into his blue eyes and gestured for him to follow her to her small office.

“Damage report!” Beck ordered.

Dr. Olson Davis answered. “Both rollers and disks have halted. We are currently running on batteries.” The rollers supplied the Legacy with its main power when running. “I will have our backup generators up and running soon. At that time we will be able to bring CHIP back on line.” The old engineer sighed. “We have lost our lower sensory package and are currently resting on our belly. The main hatch cannot be opened until we can extend the landing gear. Fortunately the design of the landing gear will help in that regard.” They were three vertical cylinders with wide round pads. They would extend straight down when deployed.

“It seems, we will not be going anywhere, anytime soon.” Thomas pronounced eloquently.

“How soon before we can get the rollers started?” The captain asked ignoring Abdul’s remark.

“We can’t,” Professor Olson remarked. “The backup generators simply cannot supply enough power to get them kick started. I also will have to make sure the breakers will reengage.”

“What caused the breakers to disengage?” Beck asked.

Olson shrugged. “A power surge, but I won’t know for sure until I go over the data.”

“I want the landing gear extended.” Captain Beck said. “What is the best way to do that?”

“Hydraulic pressure isn’t high enough to extend the landing gear.” Olson said, looking at readings on his console. “I’ll have to find the cause of that. Although, if we have a person on each leg, we can mechanical crank them down. That’s assuming they weren’t damaged during the landing.”

“Once you get the backup generators running, make the landing gear your next priority.” Beck ordered. “You can use Andrew, Diane and … Thomas for the task. Sandra while they are doing that, you keep monitoring all communications. Get them decoded as soon as possible.”

“Aye sir,” she answered and glanced over at Abdul. She clearly saw a frown on his bearded face. Did he think he was above physical labor? Or was it something else. He made no comment. He simply got up and went to Professor Olson Davis’ side and looked down at his console.

Now that things have settled down, Sandra took a moment to peer out the panoramic windows where pink ambient light was filtering in from the sky. She realized the large windows had not shattered or even cracked. Apparently Andrew Weeks was as good a pilot as he bragged. He had managed to avoid the huge trees that dotted the flat tall grassy meadow. In the distance appeared to be more lakes, with forest covered hills beyond that. She noticed many colorful things flying over the meadow. Some were fast while others hovered. They were too far away for her to make out what they were. Other creatures roamed the meadow as well. Some appeared four legged, others two. “Captain, there is a lot of wildlife outside, permission to launch a surveillance probe to assess their danger.”

“Granted, but first use the probe to scan the ship for external damage.”

She did as instructed. A poof sound was heard as the small surveillance probe was launched from the upper surface of the ship. The captain came to her side and watched the monitor with her. The upper exterior of the ship looked intact.

“Auxiliary power is now online.” Professor Davis announced as the main lighting returned. “CHIP is booting.”

“Computer, Human Interface Program is now operational.” CHIP said in a mellow male voice as if nothing happened.

“CHIP, you will find that we had a major systems failure and have crash landed. We currently have a probe out examining the ship. Take control of the probe and get us detailed views of the underside of the ship. Once that is done give control back to Sandra.”

“Taking control now,” CHIP responded.

The work around the ship took a laborious pace. Four of the crew examined the landing gear from inside the ship to find the best way to extend them while CHIP and Captain Beck looked for more damage to the ship on the outside. With Doctor Homes and Bruce McNeil in the doctor’s office, this left Sandra alone to monitor all transmissions.

She was beginning to make some progress when she heard soft scraping and beating sounds on the panoramic window in front of her. She looked up and was amazed and what she saw. “How beautiful!” she exclaimed. She stood and leaned closer for a better look. It looked like a large butterfly with a three foot wingspan! The body seemed to have every color of the rainbow in an intricate pattern. Most of the wings were silvery blue deepening to a shiny navy blue. Small white spots splattered throughout the larger pair of wings.

She hoped the butterfly was an omen of good things to come. Of course after she thought about it, she knew they really were further from getting home than they were before. Not only were they lost, the machine that would get them home was now broke. She realized their only hope would be to get the rollers started again, but how? The professor already said they didn’t have the energy to do it and that’s assuming there was nothing wrong with them. She slumped in her seat, sighed and went back to work at her console. She tried to keep her mind busy on the task at hand.

*   *   *

Kion sped along, just a hundred cubits off the ground in a rented airspeeder. He was high enough to clear most trees yet low enough to allow him to enjoy the jungle below. He needed something to occupy his mind. Watching for Behemoths, Trihorns and other giants of the jungle did just that. He was on his way to face his father, Zed, to tell him the bad news.

Kion saw a herd of large animals grazing in a clearing off to his left.  They were still too far off to identify. He turned the car toward them for a better look. How could he explain this to his father? He wondered, as he approached the beasts. He frowned knowing the problems it would create for him. At the least, his father would be greatly disappointed, especially if he thought Kion had been at fault or could have done something to prevent the catastrophe.

Kion slowed the airspeeder as he neared the large herd. They ran with just their large hind legs. Their front legs were much too small to use while running. He smiled as they dodged brush and small trees. He saw how their large craniums stuck out the back of their heads. They were Trumpeteers.  He could even hear them blow their horns at him through the vehicle’s canopy.  They were trying to scare him off. A Trumpeteer's call has been known to travel a hundred kilocubits. With an entire heard blowing as loud as they could, the noise would be quite deafening to someone nearby.

Kion accelerated the car and turned back toward his father’s lab.  It would be only another fifteen minutes now. He flew over gently rolling hills and around a few extremely tall trees along the way. He was familiar with the territory so the trees didn't take him by surprise. As he passed one of them, a Pickhead Flyer dived at his car. It was a bird with bright red skin and a wingspan of ten cubits. It swooped down at him twice as if he were getting too near its nest. He thought it was going to hit the car on the second pass, but missed by less than a half cubic. By the time the bird recovered from the second dive, Kion had flown out of its range. It turned back toward the direction it had come.

Three large stone buildings came into view. The multi-story buildings were polished to a mirror finish. Several smaller buildings surrounded them. Unlike Central City, vegetation grew right up to each building. The plants within the complex were highly maintained. The grass was freshly mowed and trees and hedges were trimmed. No barrier fence surrounded this complex.  The jungle beasts could come and go as they pleased, but they rarely ventured into the manicured areas. If they did, the buildings were built to withstand even the largest animal.  Only the stampede of Trihorns or larger beast could cause damage.

Kion slowed the air speeder down and landed between the two larger buildings on a soft manicured lawn.  By the time the canopy raised his mother was there to greet him.

Kion’s mother had never left Terra in her life and because of it had fair pink skin. She was a short woman with dark hair. Apparently the only gene Kion inherited from her was her height. She had the looks of the Cainan clan in which she was born. She never once regretted marrying her husband and was quite content to stay here to tend after his household. At three hundred and fifty two years, she still had a youthful appearance.  "Let me get you something to eat," she said.

"Sorry mom," Kion said. "I need to report some bad news to dad then get back to Central City. I've had an accident with the ship and I'll be an indentured servant for a while."

"You okay?" She hugged him.

"Fine."

"I'll fix you something to go then." She didn't bother questioning him. She knew she could learn later all she wanted from her husband. The important thing was that Kion was safe.  She ran back to one of the perimeter buildings.

Kion watched his mother leave as he started for the largest building. Walking across the soft turf made Kion want to take off his shoes. He could imagine how the grass would feel under his feet with an occasional blade sticking between his toes.

He momentarily stopped to examine the building. It was one of the lab facilities that the Borman clan built. It was small compared to the complexes in which they built their spaceships, but this was the one Kion's income supported and the one where his father did all of his research.  He wondered how his loss of income would effect its operation.

Kion checked in with security as he entered the building. He then went to Zed’s office. It was empty.  He moved further down the polished corridor. "Where can I find my father?" Kion asked the first person he met in the hall. Everyone here was a clan member. They all knew him by sight.

The man looked at his watch. "Zed should still be in lab four." He walked on as if he had something to do.

"Thanks," Kion said to the man's back. The man nodded and waved a hand without stopping.

Kion found lab four and walked in unannounced. His father was leaning over a table, studying an oversized printout. He had the same dimpled chin and strawberry blond hair as Kion. Their blues eyes were even the same hue. Only Kion was shorter. Kion’s height may be due to genes, but the fact that he left Terra’s environment at a young age may have stunted his growth as well. Many people who stayed on Terra had been known to grow up to the age of ninety. Kion was still far below that age.

Zed looked up from his work. "Son! Glad to see you in one piece."

"You already know of my accident?"

Zed nodded. "The Chief Elder notified me just hours after you landed."

Kion should have known. "How will this affect your work?"

"None."

"None?" Kion couldn’t believe it. He saw the books and knew the percentages his income contributed to this research facility.

Zed nodded. “The Chief Elder will redirect some money to us."

Kion tilted his head. "Why? How did you compel him to do that?"

Zed hesitated for a moment. His research was top secret. It was on a need to know bases. He looked into his son’s worried blue eyes.  "A new ship design," he finally decided to explain.  If he couldn’t trust his son, then whom could he trust? "I was just going over the computerized model of the new design." He showed Kion the printout.  Zed preferred to look at hard copy rather than computer screens.  "For security reasons, I can't explain how it works, but this last model run proves the concept.  Once we get the new engines built and running, the Borman clan will be the richest and most influential clan in the world."

"Better then impellers?" Kion said incredulously. “Travel between the planets has already been reduced to just days.”

Zed smiled. “With this,” he motioned to the schematic, “we can reduce that down to seconds.”

“Seconds! That’s faster than the speed of light!”

"Exactly! And it will get us to the stars!"

Kion raised both brows. "I see." Once the solar system was populated, the next step for man would be the stars.  It had been said the first clan to discover a means to reach the stars would be the richest clan in the galaxy.  "Still," Kion finally added, "my accident has caused our clan harm."

"It was inevitable the Maheel clan would acquire Celet Crystals," Zed said, telling Kion he knew the full story. The Borman clan had a monopoly on Celet Crystals. They sold them only to those in good standing with the clan. Zed put his hand on Kion's shoulder.   "It's unfortunate that it had to happen now with us so close.” He paused for a moment, “strange coincidence."

Kion read something in his father's voice, something most people probably would have missed. "You don't think it was an accident, do you?"

Zed shook his head slightly. "I don't need to know the details of your accident to know that it was no accident that you happened to be carrying Celet Crystals.” He did not have to tell Kion that they can be used in some extremely effective weapons. The Maheel's had stolen that knowledge from the Borman some time ago.

Kion frowned, "and now they have the crystals, and I'm indentured to them."

"And we may be able to turn that to our advantage as well," Zed added in an up lifting voice.

At first Kion didn't realize what his father was getting at. Then it hit him, he would be inside the workings of the Maheel clan. He might be able to learn something no other Borman could. He shrugged. "Maybe, maybe not, but it might not matter if I can't get the insuring clan to pay for a rental freighter." The Borman clan insured all of their assets outside the family. That way if anything catastrophic happened, the clan's wealth would be preserved.

"I know our insurance policy," Zed said, "and I know the Jacob clan.  Stick to your guns and you'll do fine." The Jacob clan had insured Kion’s ship. They specialized in insurance and banking. Through this the Jacob clan had managed to stay out of the numerous clan conflicts, however, they always seemed to have a financial interest in one or both sides of each of those clan wars.

Kion knew his father would allow him to take care of his own affairs. He was too busy with his own project, a highly rewarding and worthwhile project at that.

"Well, I need to get back." Kion gave his father a one armed hug. "If I should learn anything, I'll contact our clan."

"Now be careful," Kion's father warned. "The Maheel clan will have people watching you too."

"Yes father, I will." He turned to leave. Now back to Central City, Kion thought, to deal with that insurance. His thoughts of the insurance policy temporarily vanished when he left the lab building to see his mother waiting at his air car. She held a brown paper bag. He smiled. She would always care for him as if he was still a small child. He had learned to accept that long ago.

*   *   *

Off world! Kimbra fumed, exiting through the skyscraper’s main entrance. She would have slammed the door if it hadn’t automatically opened and closed for her. She had just left her father’s office on the ninety-first floor of the polished granite building.  She started down the sidewalk choosing not to stand on the slide. It was just two steps to her left. She couldn’t just stand there. She had to do something to vent her anger. Walking briskly, she passed people on the slide as if they weren’t moving at all. Long smooth legs gave her a steady bounce, whipping her long white hair in the air behind her.

She should have known her father would send her on such an assignment. He knew she wouldn’t like it from the start. Remembering the smile on his face infuriated her even more. He never lost that smile even under her loudest protests. He obviously didn’t care if it took her away from the things she cherished the most. She loved ecology, the studies of the natural sciences, the ecosystem, and how creatures interrelated with one another.

How dare he! Yet he knew she wouldn’t refuse. She wanted out of the clan too much. Perhaps that enraged her the most. He had picked the thing she would hate the most! No, her father couldn’t show her kindness, and offer something more acceptable. She had, at times, even asked to buy her way out of the clan. He flatly refused. Now she knew why, he wanted to use, abuse and humiliate her.

The only other way out of the clan was to get married, but she knew that would never happen.

Kimbra was never one that got along with people, let alone her clan. Her relationships with men were even worse. All of her male friends usually ended up hating her or she them. It seemed to her that all men were egotistical, self-centered, and lusted for either power or sex, in some cases, both. She had given up finding a man that respected her for who she was. All of them, including her father, wanted to mold her into something she wasn’t. She hated that.

Kimbra would never admit it even if she knew it to be true, but her problems with people had pushed her into the study of animals and the environment. It had started back when she was a small child. She had lost her mother and was raised by servants. As a child her father had little to do with her. Even now she seldom seen him, although this was more her doing then his.

Kimbra turned the corner, found the blue air car where she knew it would be waiting. She opened the passenger’s door and got in, slamming the door closed with more effort then necessary.

A woman with red hair was sitting in the driver’s seat. She was Kimbra’s immediate boss in the Zethm clan, Anthon Zethm. Anthon had flown out into the deep swamps to retrieve Kimbra when she signaled her. Anthon wasn’t happy about it. Neither was her clan. They were paying Kimbra good money to record rare sightings on video. They used Kimbra’s findings in their research, but they also sold the videos to people who refused to leave the conveniences of the city to see such sites.

“Worse than I thought,” Kimbra said as Anthon started the engine, “but he will release me from any future obligations to the clan.” The engine hummed to life.

“Good,” the red head said. “When can we expect you back?”

Kimbra shrugged. “Father wouldn’t say. He said all my instructions would be on this crystal.” She pulled a black crystal from her pocket and showed it to Anthon.

Anthon frowned. She was three times Kimbra’s age though you could never tell it by her skin. She too had never left Terra and still retained the pink glow. “Your father has always been the secretive type,” she acknowledged.

“More than most men,” Kimbra agreed.

“Where to now?” Anthon asked as she fed more power to the air car. It lifted off the ground.

“My apartment, I’ll have to pick up a few things and go over this.” She indicated the crystal. She wondered what other surprises it may hold.

Anthon turned the vehicle and sped down the man-made canyon, gaining altitude to reach the passing lanes. “So we will be able to hire you indefinitely after you return, no more clan obligations?” Anthon affirmed. “And you will be in good standing. We won’t have to buy you protection?”

“Correct, father has the document already prepared and signed.” This would make her an independent, the way she wanted from the start. If she could have found another way to leave the clan on a good note earlier she would have. Again marriage was never an option. Finding a man that her father would approve and one that she liked, seemed an impossible task.

Leaving the clan in which you were born, under bad circumstances or any, for that matter, could cause many political ramifications to her and those she left behind. She never wanted to hurt anyone. This was the only way she could achieve her goals and still help her father in the process. Being independent from any clan gave her total freedom, but it also lacked the security and protection one offered. She was willing to make the trade off. She just wished it didn’t require her to go off planet.

“Good,” Anthon said turning the car sharply with the traffic flow. Towers whizzed by them. A few minutes later she dropped the car out of the passing lane and slowed down. She turned anther corner then headed directly into an open bay of one of the tall stone buildings. She stopped the car at a loading zone.

Kimbra opened her door. “Thanks,” she said. “I’ll call you when I get back.”

Anthon nodded her agreement as Kimbra closed the door. Kimbra watched Anthon back the car out of the bay and zip out of view. Feeling drained she headed for her small apartment on the tenth floor.

*   *   *

Kion argued with the insuring clan for another day before they finally agreed to pay for a rental ship.  At first they had refused, stating they wanted to investigate the accident first. Kion argued that the written agreement stated differently and threatened to bring in clan council. They knew he was right and finally gave in, not wanting to get into a messy clan dispute. It would have been bad for business.

Clan council was a judicial court system set up by the major clans over a millennium ago. It was designed to resolve disputes between the different clans in hopes of preventing feuds and outright war; most of the time it worked, but there were those occasions where it failed. If a clan refused to recognize the judgment of a clan council, war usually broke out. However, the clan protesting the verdict usually found themselves fighting against most of the other clans, just for the fact that they would not concede to the judgment of clan council.

Kion was inspecting the cockpit of his rented freighter, Skysurfer, when the radio chimed. Only moments ago he had transferred the Traverse’s caller ID to this ship.

"Yes," Kion answered, instantly recognizing Moricron’s arrogant voice. He switched the call to video mode, as an indentured servant should. He tried not to look intimidated by Moricron's angry stare.  It wasn't easy. Moricron had the ability to project his power even through the viewer.

“Are you ready?” Moricron bellowed with no change to his chiseled face.

Kion nodded with one smooth stroke.

"It’s about time," Moricron said from the screen.  This delay has cost us two days. I am tacking them to the end of your service to me. If you wish to file a complaint to the clan council, do it now. I do not want your departure pushed back any further."

"I will file no complaints." Kion already knew what the outcome would be. He would lose.

"I will have a detailed flight schedule delivered to you shortly." The corner of Moricron's mouth turned up. "I need not say it is highly confidential." The screen went blank.

Kion flipped off the transmitter and started his preflight checklist.  He wondered if Moricron treated his employees as cruel as he did his indentured servants. Kion felt that he could not have put up with it if his family didn't need him here. Moricron certainly made things as unbearable as possible.

Fifteen minutes later the outer hatch chimed. Kion flipped on the intercom. "Yes," he answered, not bothering with the video.

"Moricron sent me," a female voice replied.

“I'll be right there." Kion had left the outer airlock hatch sealed in order to perform some of the preflight tests. The airlock was positioned just behind the cockpit. Kion stepped back to the airlock and opened the outer hatch. His eyes widened at the sight. A stunning woman waited to enter. She was slightly shorter than Moricron with hair that stretched down to her hips. Her hair was platinum blond with skin so smooth and light that it glowed a soft pink.  With the radiance she projected, Kion instantly knew that she had never left Terra for any extended period of time. He suspected that she could even be younger than he.

This beautiful blond wore a tight leather outfit. It covered only the essentials.  The leg openings were cut high above the hips and accentuated her long pink legs.  The leather forked over both breasts and narrowed to thin straps that she tied behind her neck. It gave Kion a liberal view of her pronounced cleavage. The multicolored pattern of the leather told Kion that it came from a baby Trihorn.  The soft thin leather was stretched tight enough around her form that Kion could see every curve and bump it covered. He tried not to stare. It was a common style for some Terran women, but she complimented it better than any woman he had ever seen.

She carried a leather duffel bag over one shoulder. It had the same pattern as her outfit, which told Kion that it was made from the same baby Trihorn. No two Trihorns had the same pattern.

Kion gave her the traditional half bow.

She returned the bow. "I am Kimbra of the Maheel clan." She examined the space mariner.  His blue eyes, strawberry blond hair and cute dimpled chin were attractive to her. She dare not show it. Looks could be very misleading as she learned long ago. She thought back to her last encounter with the man in the jungle. It still angered her just thinking of the nerve of that man, and he was a member of her own clan! There was no way to tell how this man would react.

Kion's brow rose. No point in introducing himself. She obviously knew who he was. "And your relation to Moricron?" He motioned her into the ship.

"His daughter," she answered, stepping through the airlock. She looked in the cockpit and scanned the instruments as if assessing the ship's capability. She then turned the other way and sat in one of the lounge chairs. She allowed the duffel to drop to the floor next to the chair. "This is a small ship."

Moricron’s daughter! Kion thought, not paying any attention to what she had said. He took the only other chair in the room, still examining her. She looked nothing like Moricron. She must have gotten her looks from her mother.

"It is the same size as the Traverse, my previous ship,” Kion explained, after realizing what she had said. “I assume you have been briefed on what happened to it. The insuring clan would not allow a replacement ship any larger."

Kimbra nodded and turned her legs to give him a full view of her crotch. Only the thin Trihorn leather was between him and her skin. The way the leather conformed to her curves practically revealed anything he wanted to know.

Was she testing him? Kion thought, or teasing. Again, he forced himself not to stare. His natural urge was to look, but he made his best effort to keep his eyes on hers and his mind on business. He swallowed. "You have brought me my flight schedule?" He asked, keeping his voice carefully neutral.

She stayed in that position a moment longer, watching Kion carefully without answering his question. She finally sat upright, brought her knees together and smiled as if she came to a conclusion. "You have strong self-control. I like that."

"You are Moricron's daughter. How else would you expect me to act?" He gave her a smile, making his chin's dimple stand out.

Ignoring his cute expression, Kimbra reached into her duffel and pulled out a small black crystal. "You might be surprised."  She threw it to him. "I had to make sure I could stand being alone with you for a month." She kept her voice hard.

Kion nearly dropped the crystal as he snatched it out of the air. "You'll be coming with me?" Was this good luck or bad? A hundred visions flashed through his mind, some were very nice and others were very bad. Some started out good and turned bad and others vice versa.

"Of course,” she answered. “We will be acquiring sensitive materials for the clan. Your name is on this ship's registry. It will allow us to obtain these things more easily."

In other words, Moricron was going to use the Borman clan's good name to get something he couldn't otherwise. Kion had the feeling he was getting into the middle of a clan dispute or worse, a clan war. He hoped his clan wouldn’t be one of them.

There had been several disputes fought out in space, rarely did a major dispute reach the soil of any of the populated planets. The clans on Terra, at least, were too intertwined to attack a clan directly. Destruction of clan property on Terra usually escalated the dispute even further. Therefore that type of attack rarely happened. Most of the violence on Terra was of a personal nature.

If Kion recalled correctly, the Maheel clan had been in several disputes in the past. He hoped he could get out of this without corrupting his family's name.

“I see," was all Kion could say. He went to the cockpit, curious to know where they would be going.

Kimbra followed.

Kion sat in the pilot’s seat. He slipped the crystal into the console’s reader. The data scrolled on the display. His first stop on the outbound leg was Quadet, the forth planet of the system.  The second stop was on Celebrity's moon, Celet, no doubt to get more Celet Crystals.  As they headed out to Celet, the flight path would take them close to Cyclopean. It was slightly out of the way and Kion wondered why Kimbra had selected such a path. Perhaps she was doing a little sightseeing. He doubted that she had ever made it out to the sixth planet before. At least Kion would get to see that marvelous gas giant again with its tremendous storms.  Then finally after visiting Celet, the journey would turn inbound and head directly for Alantet, the fifth planet of the system.  "This is a pretty tight schedule," he finally said.

"It can be done in a month," Kimbra answered as if she knew. She hadn’t a clue what a reasonable schedule should be. All she really knew was what her father told her. He had been the person who prepared the schedule. She was really out of her element for the mission. "We will only be at each stop just long enough to get supplies." She managed to keep her voice sounding confident.

Kion studied the flight plan for a moment longer. "I guess I don't really have a choice."

"No you don't," She said mildly. It had no venom in it. She actually sympathized with him on this regard. Both were here by no choice of their own.

Kion raised a brow, wondering how she really felt about the situation. Had he detected something in her voice? "Let me show you a locker for your things," he said heading back to the living area. His arm brushed against her breast as he slipped by her in the narrow corridor. She gave him a look as if he had done it on purpose. He returned an innocent look for it had been accidental. He mumbled an apology, but wondered how she would take it after what he had to say next. He waited until they reached the lounge chairs. "You will need to know that we’ll have to share the same bunk. This ship only has one bed."

Kimbra picked up her duffel and gave Kion a sneer.

"I didn't mean it that way." He said. “We’ll have to sleep on a rotating schedule. Since this is an older ship, one of us should always be monitoring systems, after we depart. I don’t trust the ship that much yet.”

"You better not have."

Kion pointed to her bag. "Is that all you are bringing?" He found himself regretting that she didn’t like the idea of sharing a bed.

"Of course, why would I wear anything bulky on a small ship as this?"

Kion's eyes sparkled, imagining her in other outfits similar to the one she was wearing. He nodded to hide his infinite approval. "I see," he said, instantly regretting his choice of words. He realized how hard it was going to be for him to keep his composure for the whole trip. He wondered how he was going to do it.

She gave him a smirk, but Kion didn’t know whether to take it as a warning or as amusement for the situation he found himself in.


CHAPTER THREE

Sandra sat down with the others at the narrow curved table in the lounge. Bruce, who held his broken arm in sling, was sitting on the small sofa listening to some music. Upon the entering of the crew, he picked up the remote with his good hand and pushed a button. The music ended. He joined them at the table.

The captain nodded to Bruce as he was the last to seat. “I like to thank each of you for working so hard getting the landing gear extended. I know that wasn’t easy.” He looked an each person involved with the project. “As you know, while I had you on that important project I had the others busy as well.” He looked to Sandra. “Miss Sommers, please summarize what you have learned about this planet.”

“Well first, Professor Davis’ speculation is correct.” She answered. “The atmosphere is twice as thick as Earth’s which means the air is so thick that it can hold only small amounts of water. At this pressure, clouds cannot form. I don’t have the expertise to tell you how high you would have to go before there would be enough space between the air molecules to allow them to form.” Sandra glanced at the dark skinned gentleman with white kinky hair. “I’m sure Professor Davis could, once he looked into it. Also the oxygen level is over 23 percent with no traces of harmful gasses.”

“What about bacterial life?” Thomas Abdul asked. “We already know there is plenty of life out there.” He pointed his nose to the only window in the room. A pleasant pink light was filtering through it. “Is it harmful?”

“You can answer that question doctor.” Beck urged.

“All the tests we have run on the air samples indicate no harmful organisms at all.” Dr. Rena Homes raised her brow. “In fact it’s the cleanest air samples I’ve ever seen. No pollutants or toxins at all.”

“So would it be safe to crack the seal?” The captain asked.

Dr. Homes shrugged. “My guess is yes, but I wouldn’t drink the water or eat any of the food until I can test them.”

The captain turned back to Sandra. “You have been monitoring all transmissions. Report your status.”

“Now that we are under the ice layer, I am able to pick up a much wider range of frequencies. Most of it is digital with some AM and even FM. They are using the underside of the ice shell to bounce their signals around the world.”

“That would explain the lack of satellites.” Diane interrupted.

Sandra nodded. “Right, I have concluded they have world wide access with their communication system as we do with our phone system on Earth. I have determined all the major channels used and their coding method. I currently have CHIP cataloging all calls and building a vocabulary list and sentence structures. All I can tell at the moment is that I believe the whole planet speaks the same language. So far the variations are not large enough in speech pattern or organizational structure to indicate anything else. With Thomas Abdul’s help I’m sure we’ll be able to translate soon.”

“It will be my pleasure,” Abdul nodded once, stonily. “Linguistics is one of my specialties.”

“Any idea what our native friends look like?” Bruce asked.

Sandra shook her head. “Not a clue. There are some transmissions that appear to have a video component, but until we determine their screen format we won’t have any pictures. I have CHIP working on that as well.”

Bruce smiled. “Unless, of course, they are pretending to be local wildlife, then any one of those creatures we’ve seen outside could be them.” Sandra has come to realize that Bruce is the jokester of the group.

“Any more information on the glowing objects I’ve seen in the water?” Diane asked. She had seen out the lounge window a green glowing object moving around under the surface of the water in the lake behind the ship.

“Whatever it was it has not surfaced or returned since you reported seeing it.” Sandra answered. “We’ve been watching that area more than the others, but that doesn’t mean we didn’t miss it. We’ve obviously missed it the first time.”

And the second time too, Diane thought, but she wasn’t going to say she had seen it again until someone else would confirm her sighting. She didn’t want to look crazy.

“Ship status?” Beck asked Davis.

The old professor rubbed his chin. “No change. All systems are functional, running on the backup generator. Unless we cut usage, find a fuel source for the backup generator, or get the rollers restarted, we will lose power in a week.”

“Are the rollers undamaged?” Beck asked.

“From all visual inspections, they do appear to be intact and the breakers were undamaged by the overheating as well. I have already reset them.”

“Well, our next step is to literally take a step outside.” The captain gave a quirky smile to his own pun. “If we can shut down life support that will greatly increase the generators life. Diane I want you and Andrew to go outside collect as many samples as you can.”

The Legacy did not carry environmental suits. The ship was not meant to do any space activities, therefore no air lock was designed into the ship either. So suits were pointless. Now Captain Beck wished that he had some, just to keep his crew to a minimal risk.

They also didn’t have any kind of guns to protect themselves with. The government was adamant about that. They would not allow a weapon of any type aboard. Letting ancient people have a chance to see modern weapons was the last thing they wanted. The worst thing they had was a butter knife and fork, or perhaps a crowbar.

“I want each of you to carry a large wrench or hammer,” Beck urged, “in the event an animal may take an interest in you.”

Both nodded.

“CHIP,” Captain Beck addressed the ship’s computer, “release the locks on the main hatch. Diane and Andrew are going outside.”

A soft click was heard through the hull. “Locks are released.” CHIP announced.

The captain dismissed the meeting. Dr. Homes gave Diane and Andrew both boxes containing sample jars. Everyone followed them to the main hatch. The captain handed both large wrenches. “Ready?”

Andrew pocketed the tool and nodded.

Beck punched in a code on the wall panel and the hatch began to lower slowly forming a ramp. Pink ambient light radiated in through the widening crack. Fresh smelling cool air rushed in, equalizing the pressure. Their ears popped with the sudden air pressure increase. The hatch came to rest on a thick mat of green vegetation; much of it looked like grass.

Sandra couldn’t help herself, but to take in a deep breath of the fresh smelling air. It somehow invigorated her. It must be the high oxygen concentration she speculated. She noticed that many of the others were doing the same.

With no ill effect apparent, Andrew and Diane walked down the ramp lowering their heads to clear the seal. They scanned the horizon a moment then moved on. “I’ll get the water samples.” Diane said, heading off in the direction that she had seen the glowing object in the water. She pocketed the wrench the Captain had given her. She didn’t wait for Andrew to comment. She didn’t really care either. She wanted a closer look. She had just seen it out there again a few minutes before their meeting started. She hoped for this opportunity.

The grasses she walked through were knee high with an occasional weed that came to her waist. She looked over her shoulder and saw that Andrew was headed for a clump of trees. Good he was preoccupied. She sped up her pace, not feeling winded at all. She felt like she could keep this up for hours. She scanned the far side of the huge lake. It could barely be seen as a blurry green line with beautiful pink sky above. The near shoreline was just another two hundred yards or so. She saw a fresh gouge in the ground where a foot or two of the surface had been scraped into a small pile. The ship had skimmed the surface here before it had come to rest. The trench had filled with water and the pile of dirt already had seedlings sprouting from it. This would be the easiest place to collect her samples. Besides, where she saw the glowing object wasn’t to far off.

Except for the Captain and Sandra, the others had chosen to stand watch at the entrance. Sandra now sat at her console and had cameras on Andrew and Diane, viewing them on two different screens. Her attention was focused on Diane. Her dislike of Andrew helped in her lack of interest in his activities. She knew he would be telling everything later anyway. She watched Diane walk to the water’s edge and set the box down near the water filled trench. She knelt over and filled a couple bottles with water. She then dropped them back into the box. Leaving the box behind, she climbed the pile of dirt. She scanned the water’s edge for a few minutes. Sandra noticed she started to act disappointed when suddenly she jumped off and ran to the lake’s edge.

“What is she doing?” Sandra asked herself. Then she saw a faint glow in the water not far from shore. Diane headed it off, running into the water without thinking. She stopped in knee deep water. The glowing object under the water suddenly accelerated toward her at a high rate of speed. Its entire body, twice the size as Diane, sprang out of the water headed straight for her. Flames gushed out of its mouth engulfing Diane. She didn’t even have a chance to scream. Before she could even collapse the monster had taken her burned body in its mouth and dragged her into deeper water.

Sandra let out a short scream. “Captain!”

“I see it!” Beck raced from the control deck without further word.

Sandra stood craning her head, trying to look straight down out of the viewing windows. Their angle would not allow that, but she did see the captain race out from under the forward edge of the ship along with Thomas Abdul on his heels. They ran around the ship and out of her view. Soon they appeared on her monitor. They stopped at the box she had left on the ground, examined the water filled trench before coming closer. When Captain Beck obviously saw that it was too shallow to hide any dangerous creature he stood on the pile of dirt as well and carefully scanned the area. Abdul picked up the box and the walk toward the shoreline with the captain. They stayed a good distance from the water. They were obviously looking for Diane or what was left of her.

Sandra decided to scan the water herself. The glowing object was nowhere to be seen. Grimly she pictured the creature taking Diane’s body into a hole and making a meal of her. She wondered if the creature could turn the glow on or off like a firefly. She found the captain and Thomas heading back toward the ship. Half way back they separated. It appeared that Thomas would finish the job Diane had started and the captain was heading back to the ship. Sandra left her console and met him at the hatch.

“No one is allowed to go near any body of water without my order.”

“What happened?” Bruce asked.

“A creature that can throw flames grabbed Diane and pulled her into the lake the way an alligator would.” Beck looked to Dr. Homes. “Sorry doc, there wasn’t a trace of her. As soon as we get those samples, the hatch is closing. I don’t want any land creature take a fancy to the inside of our ship.”

“So far none has bothered us yet.” Bruce said.

“So far….” And the captain walked up the ramp without further comment.

*   *   *

The Skysurfer sailed through the northern opening in Terra's ice shield. Its course from Central City did not take them over the crashed Earth ship. Kion rotated the ship so he could watch the pink planet recede from view. It would be a month or longer before he could return to his home world. He sighed. He had hoped to go deep into the jungle on a long needed vacation. He had hoped to watch the Behemoth and the fire breathing swamp monster.  To Kion, they were the most amazing animals of all creation.  One was the size of buildings and the other could throw fireballs several cubits from its mouth. He could watch them for weeks and had planned to do so. He had already seen most of the sights of the solar system, so to Kion, going primitive for a week or two was the best vacation he could have ever taken.

When Terra shrunk to the size of a pebble, Kion turned the ship for Quadet.  The ship did not handle as well as the Traverse.  His ship had been newer with the latest technology the Borman clan had, but this ship did meet all the minimum requirements of their insurance policy. He had to accept it. Only if he had found a mechanical flaw could he have rejected it, which he hadn't.

From the copilot's seat, Kimbra studied Kion carefully. So far, during the day’s prep work, he had kept his distance. He had given her no clues to his true personality. She watched the dimple in his chin pulse each time he clenched his jaw. His soft blue eyes rarely left the pink planet. When they did it was only to check the ship’s instruments. She knew he was intentionally not looking at her. In fact, he has gone out of his way to avoid it.

She watched how his eyes focused on the pink planet. They seemed to be studying all the minute details on the surface. His eyes held an awe for the landscape that she had never seen in another person. The ecology of Terra was her livelihood yet Kion seemed to hold a deeper passion for it than her. Something deeper than this mission was bothering him. "Space isn't your first love. Is it?" She said after he turned the ship away from the planet.

Kion cocked his head at her and narrowed his eyes. What was she after? "I enjoy space travel."

"But..." Kimbra prompted, locking her eyes with his. She raised a white brow.

Kion saw some stubbornness in her serious look. She wasn’t going to let it drop so easily. He shrugged, it didn't matter if he told her. He did have to live with her for a month. He might as well try to be friends. "I was wanting a vacation. I have been spending too much time hauling cargo for my clan."

"Thought so." She gave him a twisted smile.

“Thought what?” Kion wondered what she was after.

“I thought something was bothering you,” she sounded as if she really cared, “besides the obvious, I mean.”

Kion studied her expression and decided that his first impressions were correct, at least in regard to her beauty. He loved the pink aura her skin seemed to emit and how her platinum blond hair flowed down to her hips. It created a stunning ensemble. These feeling were going to make it hard for him to keep his mind on the mission. Why had she started this line of conversation? Was she still testing him? "Why would you think that?" he said guardedly. He had given her no clues to his mood, or so he thought.

Kimbra turned away and stared out the cockpit. "I saw it in your eyes." Her voice had become hesitant. She realized she was already letting down her guard. She couldn’t allow that, for she had seen the quick restrained glances to her body. Though his eyes had not shown any lust, as had the man from the swamp or men she had passed in the streets. Yet she could tell he was interested. Would his attitude change?

Kion tried to study her expression carefully, but her white hair covered her face from view. He did notice that she was clutching her hands tightly together. She may be more nervous about this mission than he. "Let me ask you a question," he asked.

She glanced at him then looked back at the stars. "Fair enough." Her voice was tight.

"Why are you here? You obviously have spent little time in space."

Kimbra didn't want to get into it. The relationship with her father wasn’t something she was proud of. She kept her face turned, hidden behind her long blond hair. "Clan obligations," was her only response.

Each clan operated with their own set of rules. This could make for some nasty situations and was the root cause for many of the problems in human society. Fortunately, most rules were basically the same from clan to clan. Kion just wasn't sure of the Maheel's. He should have paid more attention during his education. He just never thought other clan rules would ever affect him. Now, as long as he was an indentured servant, he would live under them. "I must admit that I'm not familiar enough with your clan politics to know what it took to force you on this trip, but I imagine it must have been someone high up in the clan, perhaps even the clan leader."

Kimbra's jaw tightened for a moment. "You could say that."

Kion raised a brow. His father may be right. This trip may be more important, politically, than he imagined. Then again, if this were an important trip, would they send a novice like Kimbra with an indentured servant? "How are you connected to clan leadership." Surely this was public knowledge and she could answer that without jeopardizing her standing with her clan.

Her head snapped back to face Kion. "You don't know who the clan's Chief Elder is?" Her thick brow had risen with the question. How could he not know?

Kion shook his head, hating to admit ignorance. "Orgid?" he answered as the name popped into his head. It seemed correct.

"No, my father is."

"Moricron? He's not even five hundred yet." Kion shook his head. How could he not know such important information? He realized he should have at least looked up the structure of the Maheel clan. He had already failed Moricron in one aspect. It was his responsibility, as an indentured servant, to know how the person he was obligated to fit into the clan’s chain of command. "I guess I have spent too much time on Celet. Last I heard Orgid was your leader."

"He died in the last war." She might as well give him the full story. He could learn it on his own easy enough. It might earn her his trust. "My father stepped forward and reunited our clan.  With his efforts, we won the war."

Kion now remembered what war she was referring to. "The Alantet War?" It was a territorial dispute over the fifth planet, Alantet. It was one of the few wars that actually reached a planet’s surface. If the war would have lasted longer, the surface of Alantet could have been charred. The Borman clan managed to stay out of direct involvement. It had created a lot of shipping hassles. At the time the Bormans had to keep their ships in convoys to provide mutual protection in case one of the disputing clans decided to attack their ships. Fortunately that never happened.

Kimbra nodded.

"How does this tie to you." She already knew he had failed to do his homework. Asking her this wouldn’t change that.

Kimbra sighed. She might as well tell him this too, at least to a point. "Some of the elders are trying to use me as a pawn to unseat my father as Chief Elder. I chose to be in a profession unacceptable to most clan members. Our clan is now based out of Alantet, instead of Terra where my work is based. Most believe my work gives no benefit to the Maheel clan.  Some claim I couldn't be trusted, others said if Moricron couldn't control his youngest daughter, how could he control the clan?"

Kion started to open his mouth then closed it. She might be too embarrassed to tell him. Her profession could be something immoral, like prostitution. Some people would say she dressed like one.  Prostitution would make the clan money.  All immoral services did. If Kion read the Maheel clan correct, money was all that mattered. Why would the Maheels oppose that? Then again, if she was a prostitute and she refused to contribute a percentage of her profits to the clan, she would be in big trouble.  This trip may be the only way to make restitution.

"It's nothing like you're thinking," Kimbra said, noticing a momentary sparkle of lust in his eyes.

Kion said nothing and glanced at his instruments to insure the auto-pilot was working properly. "How can you know what I'm thinking?" He finally said a moment later.

"I can see it in your eyes." This time she did not look away. Her voice had a humorous tone to it. If he hadn’t demonstrated such tight controls on his emotions before, she would have been angry. She allowed the corner of her mouth to turn up.

"So you can read people's minds simply by looking in their eyes?" Kion said, light mannered.

"No," she smiled openly, watching his cute chin dimple become prominent, "just you." She couldn’t really read his thoughts, but his manners intrigued her. She had never met anyone who seemed so sincerely honest. She at least got the impression that he had high moral standards. Nor was she offended with his thoughts, after all, she had tried to give him that impression when she first met him. His reaction had pleased her then.

Her mixed reaction was confusing Kion. It left him speechless. "Well," he finally said, "that leaves me at a disadvantage. I can't read your mind. You will have to tell me about yourself."

"What is there to tell?"

"All I know is that you are the Maheel leader's daughter," Kion said. "Surely there is more to you than just that."

This intrigued Kimbra, he was probably the first male in a long time that actually asked about her without bringing sexuality into it. She stood from the copilot's seat. "You know Kion," she smiled, touching his shoulder with the palm of her hand. "I think I'm going to like you." She left the cockpit without answering his real question. She hoped she would like him, but she knew she needed to get away from him to think without being distracted. The last thing she really needed was another relationship.

*   *   *

"There they go," said Dormuth to Moricron, watching the big screen.  They were in Moricron’s ninety-first floor office. He still maintained this office on Terra in Central City, though that would soon change. The polished stone tower gave them a tremendous view of the spaceport. At the moment they were watching a video pickup of the Skysurfer passing through the northern opening. "You realize if she bungles this mission in any way that it may cause a clan split." Dormuth looked Moricron directly in the eye, "or worse."

Dormuth was the senior clan elder and clan chairman. He was a good fifty years older than Moricron. He had the same dark hair and physical characteristics as Moricron, but his skin was a lighter shade. He has spent more time on Terra lately than Moricron, but that was changing. He would head back to Alantet with Moricron this time and stay for good. This mission would change the situation here. He would no longer be needed on Terra. He would best serve the Maheel clan at Moricron’s side.

Dormuth never had the drive to become the Chief Elder. Clan chairman was enough for him. When Orgid died, he refused leadership and backed Moricron when he made his move to establish power. He felt that Moricron would serve the Maheel clan better than anyone else. He had been Moricron's most trusted aid since.

Dormuth cared more for his clan’s wellbeing than any individual, including himself. His position as the clan chairman put him second in command under Moricron. It also made him head of the clan elders committee. This put him in position to see that the Maheel clan’s interests were always best served.

"She won't," Moricron sternly added. He was proud of his youngest daughter's accomplishments though he would never admit it in public. Her job with the Zethm clan was the true reason clan members hated her. The Zethm clan had opposing views, especially on the ecology policies of Terra and the colonized worlds of the solar system.  The Maheel clan has never gone to war against the Zethms, but they had indirectly supported some of the Maheel's enemies.

Moricron trusted Kimbra. She would never betray him or the clan, as some have suggested. In fact, she had given him some inside information about the Zethm clan in the past. That didn't matter to some clan members, especially those who wanted to become Chief Elder.  Moricron knew they would go as far as causing a clan split to achieve power. This mission would advance the clan's influence among all the clans.  It would prove her loyalty and put an end to such internal disruptions. It also would give her what she wanted, freedom from ridicule.

Dormuth did not flinch to Moricron's strong rebuke. If Moricron ever tried to have him killed, other clan members would see to it that Moricron would die. He knew that he was the link that held the clan together. He considered his job to keep Moricron informed on the positions of all the other clan elders.  "I sincerely hope you are right." Dormuth meant it. Moricron was the best hope for the Maheel clan to become the first clan to control the entire solar system. This plan was just more proof of his ingenuity.

"Is everything in place?" Moricron watched the screen once again.

"Yes Chief," Dormuth answered, "All elements will be in place by the time your daughter reaches each tactical point."

"Good, I worry more about them than I do my daughter's abilities. She will keep that ship on schedule." Moricron turned to look at Dormuth, satisfied that issue was settled. "And our business here on Terra? How is it coming?"

"We have a fresh load of cargo to go back to Alantet. Even the Celet Crystals are aboard your ship, but as far as the other matters are concerned," Dormuth explained, "the Doeterman are being stubborn, but I believe we will come to a deal in a few days.” 


Moricron's face flushed. "Why do I do business with them?" That clan was the most stubborn clan he had ever dealt with. He growled, releasing some of the anger he barely kept in check.

"Because they can get information we can't."

"I know that!" Moricron bellowed. He exhaled forcefully. He had to calm down.  "I'll just have to have a talk with them myself!" He stormed out of his office then turned back. “Any word on the reported object streaking through the Northern Portal?”

“We have only found one telemetry log that confirms and object had indeed sped through the opening as reported by a witness. It could have landed anywhere in the northern quadrants, assuming of course it was a ship and that it hadn’t crashed."

“No missing ships reported?”

“None as of yet.” Dormuth turned to look out the skyscraper’s windows after Moricron left. Ships were landing and taking off twenty-four hours a day at the solar system’s busiest spaceport. He quietly shook his head. This situation could get out of hand quickly if things weren’t handled properly. All they needed was an unknown component added to the situation.

He worried about the chief elder’s temper. Moricron had always been intensely competitive and hard driven with the confidence to make things happen. He also demanded the same from others. These were some of the qualities that Dormuth knew the Maheel clan needed in their leader if they were going to win the war they were in at the time.

However, with no open hostilities the last few years, Dormuth felt that Moricron’s energy must be building up inside. His temper has been more explosives lately. Dormuth had alternate plans of his own. He hoped he would not have to activate any of them. He really wanted Moricron to succeed. If Moricron succeeded, so did the Maheel clan and in a very big way. Only Moricron would have thought of such a plan. He just hoped that Moricron’s temper would not get the best of him.

*   *   *

Kimbra plopped on the bunk and pulled the thin sheet over her long shapely legs. She had intentionally left the cockpit without saying a word, but Kion knew where she was headed. It was her scheduled time to rest. They had agreed on a twelve on twelve off schedule.

She felt she was too wound up to fall asleep. If she didn’t get some rest now, she would have to stay up another twelve hours before her rest cycle would come around again. Even if she didn’t get any sleep, she wasn’t about to tell Kion. She refused to appear weak in his eyes, especially on their first day out! It would send Kion the wrong signal and if her father ever found out … She shuddered to think what he might say or do.

Kimbra had never been off planet before and silently cursed her father for making her go now. Many people enjoyed space travel, but she knew she wouldn’t. She felt the confining spaces of a ship would get to her. She loved the green lush wilderness, the pink sky of day and the star studded magenta sky of night. She would miss the animals, the noises and songs they sang. Here all she heard was the humming of machinery with only painted walls to look at. This would be the longest month of her life.

So far, the only redeeming factor was surprisingly Kion.  Refreshingly, he was strictly business. He avoided looking at her body too closely and tried to maintain eye contact. She smiled to herself. She knew he liked her by the way his eyes flickered. It was nice to know someone had restraint and could act like a gentleman. Then again the trip was just starting. He might change for the worse when he got more comfortable around her.

She fell asleep thinking of Kion.


CHAPTER FOUR

Three days passed since the death of Diane. Since then they have shut off life support and have made daily excursions outside collecting insect and plant samples. They have stayed well clear of any body of water and all of the larger wildlife. All samples have proved to be non-toxic. Each night they closed the hatch to keep out any of the unwanted visitors. Once they had some long necked animals nose around the ship. Fortunately, they lost interest and left without causing any damage.

“That should do it.” Sandra sighed. She looked up from her console to Thomas who was standing beside her. “Setting it as the base language to all known languages is the key.” She scratched the itchy spot on her forehead where the cut had been.

Thomas nodded. This was another paradox. How could this language be related to every known language on Earth? He wasn’t about to tell her he could already understand much of the language and that her idea was correct. He was letting Sandra set the pace with the program. The more he kept things to himself the better chance he had to complete his mission. Especially if he could figure out where they were before anyone else could. “Let’s run it and find out.” Abdul’s voice carried a hint of sarcasm.

Sandra started the program. She watched the stats on her screen as CHIP ran one transmission after another through the program. The confidence level immediately jumped to twenty-four percent then steadily increased to nearly eighty. “It’s working! CHIP keep running transmissions through it until we can get over ninety-five percent.” She looked at Abdul and smiled.

“That may take a while.” CHIP explained. The computer was not intuitive and did not even know to consider that she may already know. CHIP was designed to state facts and run programs. “The rate of increase will slow on an exponential curve as we approach one hundred percent.”

“Yes, that is fine.” Sandra answered. Now she set off on the task of loading the hand held terminals with the latest translator update. She looked up and saw the captain approach. “CHIP and the computer database has really helped getting the translation routine working.” She said to Captain Beck as he stopped by her. “We should be able to establish basic dialog now.”

“Great!” Captain Beck truly sounded happy. He paused for a moment then ask, “You haven’t been outside yet have you?”

“Just at the hatch,” she answered.

“I think its time you go. I’ve gotten observations and samples from everyone else. I’d like to hear your opinions. Just keep in mind all the dangers and all the precautions we’ve established.”

This time it was her turn to be pleased. “I’ve been so busy with this, I really hadn’t had time to even think about it.”  She answered, scratching the healing wound on her forehead without noticing she had.

“Have Dr. Homes go out with you too. She hasn’t been out yet either.”

Sandra waited until the latest translator update finished downloading to the hand held. She grabbed the terminal, and asked the doctor meet her at the main hatch. One of the safety rules was to never leave the ship without a partner. Moments later, the doctor arrived carrying empty sample bags.

The doctor examined Sandra’s forehead. She touched the place where the wound had been. There was just some slight discoloration which would fade in time. She would have expected a scare. “Huh, it’s healed already. I’ll need to check Bruce’s arm.”

“It still itches.” Sandra rubbed it then waved her hand toward the hatch. “Shall we?”

The doctor nodded and they walked down the ramp, lowering their heads as the passed the seal. They step out from under the circular ship and stood in the sunlight. It felt good, warm, but not hot. Sandra took a deep breath. Amazing how energized it made her feel. She scanned the landscape for the first time without looking through a camera or window. The naked eye seemed to pick up even more beauty than the cameras ever could. The sky was a bright pink, but not so bright as to hurt her eyes. The bright yellow sun was the same size and brilliance as Earth’s. The gently rolling hills were covered in trees and the grassy meadow was spotted with tall trees that had no low branches. They had been cleaned off by the beasts of the field. She had recorded one of the long neck animals reach up and try to pluck off some of vibrant green leaves the day before.

Sandra saw more giant butterflies and other large insects flying over the meadow. For the first time higher in the sky, she saw birds. She couldn’t ascertain their size. They were too far away. Some though, appeared to be quite large. With all the bird and animal chatter it sounded like a jungle though they were in open meadow. She began to wonder what it would be like to be out here at night. Obviously the cameras can’t pick up everything. “Which way?” Sandra asked Rena.

Dr. Homes pointed toward some creatures that resemble kangaroos, only they walked rather than hopped. “We have plenty of insect and plant samples. I like to get some waste samples from them and other creatures, and maybe some dirt samples.”

Sandra’s nostrils narrowed and flared thinking of the possible smells. “Sorry I asked.” She said jokingly. They started to head toward the area the creatures had been in. The herd had made a clear trail, trampling or eating everything in their path.

They were out a couple hours, staying well clear of the wildlife when a large shadow passed over them. It was a large bird with a wing span over thirty feet! Sandra instinctively dropped to the ground. That thing could easily carry her off. It gave a loud screech and turned toward the ship. The dragon circled the ship then turned back toward them, Sandra saw how strange the bird really was. It was brown with a skin membrane for wings and colorful plumage of feathers for a head crest and tail. The shoulders carried and extra pair of legs and had a bulge on the upper side of its neck. The bird screeched again as it stopped in front of them, the wings beat a whoosh with every flap.

Suddenly it dawned on her someone was riding it! That accounted for the extra pair of legs and bulge that she saw. The bird settled to the ground, folded its wings and a humanoid jump off. He then fed the bird large, blue, berries, the size of golf balls, from a satchel that he carried around his neck. He affectionately stroked the colorful feathery crest. Sandra now saw that the bird had a small leather saddle. The person looked like a human male in every way. He was easily six foot tall, but had the features of a preadolescent boy. He wore only a thong and his light colored skin seemed to glow a slight pink. Sandra rubbed her eyes, not quite sure if she was imagining the aura around him.

He spoke quickly with an excited voice.

Sandra thought it sounded like a cross between Japanese, Hebrew and Spanish. She checked her hand held terminal. She had not had the translation program running. She quickly started it.

He repeated himself. “I knew I saw a ship come down.” The translated voice said from the speaker. “You just landed a lot further away than I had thought.”

Sandra nodded and said, “Yes, we mean you no harm.” She wasn’t quite sure what the captain would want her to tell him. The hand held repeated her voice in his language. It sounded eerie to hear her voice speaking in another language.

He cocked his head in puzzlement then spoke when recognition came to his face. “To speak a different language, you are an off worlder! I did not know there were other languages. I’ve always wanted to go to space.”

How could such a primitive looking person speak with knowledge yet sound so childish? “How far away do you live?” Maybe she could get some information from him. Her hand held translated.

He answered and she waited for the translation. It seemed to hesitate longer. “One half Zorsit.”

Sandra started to ask him what a Zorsit was when he spoke again. “I can’t stay out after dark. I must get home now and tell my dad that I was right!” He quickly gave the bird some more berries, then jumped in the saddle. He waved his arm as a human would say ‘bye’. The bird jumped into the air with ease. Sandra watched it turn, fly over the Legacy and head off in the direction the ship had crash landed from. Did she understand him right? Was he just a boy or was it a bad translation? One thing for sure, they had better be prepared for company. What kind of company would that be?

By the time Sandra and Dr. Homes made it back to the ship everyone was at the hatch to greet them. She wished she had something good to tell them.

*   *   *

The blue and white planet of Quadet slowly grew in the Skysurfer's windows. It had taken Kimbra and Kion nearly three days to get to this point. Kion had managed to keep a professional demeanor with Kimbra. It wasn’t easy. She continued to wear those skimpy outfits, though they weren’t as revealing as the one she first wore. They also had managed to stay away from any controversial topics during the trip out. This was mostly due to their schedule. One would sleep while the other watched the ship. Occasionally, one would stay in the cockpit with the other for a while before having to depart to the bunk.

To Kion’s satisfaction, the ship functioned properly with no unexpected events. The trip had become quite routine and boring, just the way Kion preferred.

Quadet was the first planet terraformed by humans. Several hundred years ago the Quadet clan came to the forth planet believing they could make it into a livable home. They succeeded, but the ecosystem they had set into motion was completely different than Terra's. Many people had said it would never work. The Quadet clan had proven them wrong. It had made them one of the most powerful clans in the solar system. Their success urged other clans to terraform the second and fifth planets, but so far not to the success of Quadet. Quadet was now fully independent and has been for over a century.  If space travel ended, their civilization would continue.

Kion and Kimbra strapped themselves into their cockpit seats. They were about to enter the atmosphere of Quadet. Quadet had no ice shield around it. So they could enter the atmosphere at any point they wanted. The atmosphere was one third that of Terra's, which made for a softer re-entry.

The thin atmosphere also allowed for water clouds to form. To Kion they caused problems of their own. The larger clouds usually contained severe storms with heavy lightning. They had to be avoided and the smaller clouds, they were just a nuisance.  Kion hated flying through them, though radar and other instrumentation could see beyond them.

Kion knew these clouds were part of the planned ecosystem of Quadet. They supplied water for the entire planet in the form of rain. It was far different than humanities home world. Terra’s air was too thick to allow clouds to form, therefore it never rained. Kion remembered back to his last vacation. He loved walking barefoot through Terra’s deep forests at night. He imagined the soft soil squishing between his toes and how a gentle mist raised from the ground and sprayed his face. In just a short time he had been totally drenched, head to foot. The nightly mist refreshed him as much as it did the vegetation.  He remembered looking up between the ancient, tall trees. The sky glowed a deep magenta of the night’s lesser light and the stars were even brighter than they were from space. He knew the ice shield caused both phenomena. Pink light from the day side was carried around to the night through the ice, behaving like optical fiber while the curvature of the ice shield magnified the stars. This knowledge didn’t diminish its beauty.

He found himself admiring Kimbra’s courage. She had chosen to stay on Terra when her clan moved to Alantet. He probably would have followed his clan wherever it went if he had been in her position.

The ship buffeted as it hit the first signs of air, bringing Kion back to his original thoughts. He never could get use to anything falling out of the sky, especially rain. On Celet, Kion lived in a heated dome. It was a completely artificial environment. He had spent little time on a planet where things could fall from the sky. He hated this place.

"This is a beautiful planet," Kimbra said, watching the planet grow. It now filled the cockpit window. She found herself thinking that the boring trip out here was worth the sight of this planet.

"It's my least favorite." Kion clinched his jaw. He was now too busy mapping all the storms along their flight path.

"The pictures I've seen doesn't give it justice," she added. She wondered if this was the worst planet, how could the others be any better!

"This planet is nothing compared to some." Kion reoriented the ship, turning the belly toward the planet for re-entry.

Kimbra watched the planet spin to beneath them. All she could see now was the curved horizon. "What's so bad about Quadet?"

"The weather," just then the ship buffeted again, falling deeper into the upper atmosphere. Though the Quadet’s air was thinner, Kion was entering it much faster than he would through Terra's shield openings. "Look off to port, we will be passing a major storm in just a few minutes."

Kimbra did as instructed.

As the ship slid deeper into the atmosphere the sky softened to a beautiful blue.  Puffy white clouds flew beneath them.  The ship continued to drop as it came upon a large blanket of white.  Kion turned the ship starboard to steer around several anvil shaped clouds. The tops soared way above them.  Suddenly, Kimbra saw a jagged blue line streak across the clouds. She started watching for more.

"How awesome!" Kimbra exclaimed, as more flashed before her eyes. She had never seen anything like them. She realized she had been wrong in the belief that Terra was the only interesting planet. She would love to compare this ecosystem to Terra’s. She decided to check the ship’s computer the next chance she got to see what data it may contain on Quadet.

"That lightning as been known to knock ships out of the sky," Kion rebuked.

"Still, it's fascinating."

"Just the same, I prefer to be far from it." Kion flipped on the radio and selected the right channel. "This is Kion Borman aboard the cargo vessel Skysurfer requesting berthing assignment at Quadet City's Space Port." Though a ship could land anywhere there was flat land, it was expected of visitors to use a spaceport. It provided them security as well as allowing the port authorities to monitor the visitor's activities. If a ship chose to land else where the honor and reputation of the clan that owned the ship and especially the ship’s captain would greatly be harmed. Every major clan after that would not have any dealing with them unless it had been an emergency landing.

There also were satellites surrounding the planet that monitored all ship activity. No one could land on Quadet without them knowing about it.

"Skysurfer, you are cleared to land," a female voice responded. "Your pad assignment is blue twenty-four."

The spaceport monitored all traffic, but they rarely gave landing instructions. All modern spacecraft were equipped with traffic surveillance equipment. Mid-air collisions could only occurred now if both radio and traffic surveillance equipment failed on two craft at the same time.

"Pad, blue twenty-four," Kion confirmed. "Radio set to monitor."

The clouds broke away before they reached Quadet City. Skysurfer was now just a few hundred cubits from the surface. They now passed over a gently rolling plain. Grass and planted fields covered the ground with an occasional tree dotting the surface. The trees were small compared to Terra's. Most of the wildlife was domesticated and very little of it could be seen from the air.

Soon a towering metal and glass city came into view. They flew over the city, above the local air traffic. These shiny buildings were nearly as tall as the polished stone buildings built on Terra. How they could keep all of that glass safely in place was a mystery to Kimbra.

The spaceport came into view. It looked like any spaceport with numbered circles painted on the concrete in a systematic manner. Kion found landing berth blue twenty-four and gently settled the small freighter on its landing gear.

Kion turned to Kimbra. "Exactly what I'm I suppose to pick up here?" he said, flipping off power to the drive systems. He set all systems to standby. "You have been evading all my questions."

"That's because I don't know," Kimbra reluctantly admitted. Without further comment, she stood and went to the living quarters.

Kion followed. "What do you mean you don't know!"

Kimbra unlocked her locker and pulled out another black crystal from her bag. "I didn't want to know, nor did I need to know until now." She slipped it into a reader. She frowned as she read silently to herself.

"What?" Kion asked.

"My father has set up a gold account in your name on Terra. You will use this account to purchase the following items." She pressed a button and a list scrolled out. She tore off the sheet and handed it to him. She wasn't about to tell him what really bothered her, not yet anyway. She knew he wouldn't like it.

Kion read the list. Some of the items were quite valuable like the micro lasers and nanoid lab equipment. If the Quadet clan knew they were selling to the Maheels, they would charge the Maheels an arm and a leg for it and that’s if they would sell to them at all. The Borman clan has always been in good standing with the Quadet’s and have even worked together on some projects. If Kion tried he probably could get them to agree to a discounted price, but he wasn't about to do it for Moricron.

"This it?" Kion asked, still looking at the list. He could understand why Moricron would want him to purchase most of this stuff. Some of it was built only here on Quadet and the Quadets may not sell them to the Maheels, however Kion couldn’t help but feel something wasn’t right.

"Yes, the rest of the cargo hold will be filled at Celet." Kimbra tried to keep her face blank and shrugged to help hide her concern.  "Well, except for two crates that I will get myself,” she said as casually as she could.

"You, by yourself?”

Her face flushed for a moment. “Of course!”

Kion studied her face for a moment. She was still hiding something. Kion knew this had to be the items Moricron really wanted. They rest, though valuable, was just a front. “Are you going to sneak them passed port authorities.” If they were caught, his clan, not the Maheels, would be punished in future business dealings. Or depending on what was being smuggled out, it could go to clan council. He could find himself in jail.

Kimbra shrugged, trying to hide her real concern. She was no smuggler let alone a space merchant. "I'm sure our people here already has it all set up."

Kion saw this as an opportunity to learn more on the Maheel clan. "I'm going with you."

Kimbra shook her head. "You have to get what's on that list. My father expects all of it to be delivered. He won't accept any excuses."

"I have my own connections in the Quadet clan. All I need to do is make one call and all that stuff will be delivered. I'm going with you."

"You can't go," she said stonily.

"You won't stop me," Kion said even harder, his chin dimple became pronounced as he tightened his jaw. “It is my clan’s name at stake here, not the Maheels.”

Kimbra pursed her lips with a frown. "If I do let you go, you best not cause any trouble,” she said noticing his dimple and was amused how it showed out. The seriousness of the situation helped prevent her from showing it. She wouldn’t admit it to Kion, but she would feel more comfortable if someone went with her.

"You can count on that," Kion returned. "The question is, can you rely on your people?" Kion certainly didn't.

“I can.” She had too. She had no choice. “The real question is, you being an indentured servant, will you disobey my direct order?”

He had hoped she wouldn’t go that route. Did she have him figured out already? “You know I value the Sacred Writings or I wouldn’t be here. Don’t force me to make that decision.” He said this with more of a pleading tone than a demanding one.

She sighed. This was their first stop and they were already arguing. She was tired of this mission. She understood why he really wanted to go. She couldn't blame him. He didn’t trust her and he didn’t trust her clan. He obviously wanted to know what was in those crates. One thing he didn’t realize was that she didn't know either and wouldn't. It did bother her a little too, but she wasn’t going to tell Kion.  And she planned do everything in her power to make sure those crates remained sealed until they reached their destination. She wasn’t going to give her father any reason to refuse her ‘good standing’ release of clan loyalty. She hoped Kion wouldn’t force her to do something he would hate her for. So far he was still the perfect gentleman, but the pressure of this mission hasn’t risen yet. "Very well," she finally said, “but you better not do anything that will make me regret this decision.”

Kion gave her a nod. “I’ll make that call now.” He went to the cockpit.

Kimbra followed.

He slipped on the radio headgear so Kimbra wouldn’t hear the other end of the conversation. He placed the call to his friend in the Quadet clan. After talking a few minutes Kion learned that it would take a couple days to get everything lined up, but the entire list would be sent to a holding area at the spaceport for pickup.

"Good," Kion said to his friend with Kimbra still listening to his end of the conversation. She would not like what he was about to do, that is, if she ever found out. "I suppose you want me to pay the typical handling charges of ten gold bars." He kept a smile from forming on his face.

"It's only five," the friend responded.

Kion watched Kimbra. She was following his side of the conversation closely. "I know," he said carefully into the phone.  "Ten bars is as high as I will go. If you want this transaction to go through you better set the price at ten."

There was silence over the radio for a brief moment. “Okay, Kion, it's your money."

"No, it's not." This was the most Kion could say to let his friend know what was going on. He no longer could contain his smile. He directed it to Kimbra. She had no reason to suspect anything mischievous, or so Kion thought. She shouldn't have a clue to what handling charges should be or how this conversation was going. "Ten bars."

Kion heard a laugh at the other end of the phone. "Ah, so that explains it. You’re using someone else's ship and money." He then added a second later in a more serious tone, "are you indentured?"

"Yes," he said as if answering an important question. "Have the merchandise at the Skysurfer's holding area. I'll load it on the ship personally."

"It will be there," the friend said with a chuckle. "No wonder you wanted to pay full price.  Can I ask who you are working for?"

"No."

The man sobered. "Well Kion, good luck. I feel for your situation." The man hung up.

"Just have the shipment here when you promised." Kion said sternly as if still talking to the guy. He pulled off the headgear. "A good guy,” he said to Kimbra, “but he tries to get as much as he can." Kion tried putting on his best smile. He hoped it worked.

"I'm going to get cleaned up before we go. If you are coming with me, be ready by then." Kimbra turned and left the cockpit.

Kion watched her grab a small one piece outfit from her locker. It may have been the Trihorn suit she had originally worn to his ship. She grabbed a towel as well and headed to the refresher.  She closed the door.  A moment later Kion heard the spray nozzles turn on.  While she was washing, he placed another call, to his clan connections on this planet. He hadn't much to tell, but it was better then nothing.


CHAPTER FIVE

“Suggestions?” Captain Beck asked the crew who were sitting around the curved table in the lounge. Everyone pretended not to notice the now empty seat.

“If they come back,” Thomas Abdul said with an attitude of superiority. “as most of you agree, then we should pretend we are one them from one of the other planets.”

“How could we do that?” Andrew Weeks asked. “We’ve only seen one of them and there are just enough differences in us to make it unbelievable.”

“Maybe the off worlders, as he called them,” Sandra interjected, “are different enough to be believable. The kid assumed we were.”

“That’s possible,” Dr. Homes added.  “We do not know what the environments are like they live in or how long they’ve been apart.”

“Or perhaps,” Bruce quipped, “They do know of alien races. If that’s the case, we could pretend to be ourselves.”

“We have made the conclusion the off worlders are of the same race.” Abdul stated not realizing that Bruce was joking.

Professor Olson Davis added; “Their ships suggest they are only interplanetary.”

Bruce smirked. “You are right of course.”

“What have you come up with in weapons?” Beck asked the professor.

“So far I’ve sharpened enough kitchen knives for each of us.” Olson answered. “They will fit into the pockets of the hand held terminals. So we’ll be able to conceal them easily. They’ll be more rugged then the small utility knives we have, but they won’t hold their edge as long.”

“If we play our cards right,” the captain replied, “we won’t have to use them. Hopefully, we can get the natives to help us get what we need to repair our ship.” Beck then told them what he had in mind and how to proceed to get what they needed. All they had to do was wait until the natives return.

*   *   *

Kion and Kimbra walked the corridors of Quadet’s main spaceport. Its halls weren’t as lavish as Central City’s. Central City’s spaceport had polished granite walls and floors with walls inlaid with hardwood panels and carved wood trim. Quadet’s spaceport was made of metal, trimmed in man-made products. Quadet seemed to use more man-made materials in just about everything. Then again all of the settled planets were force to. Natural biological resources simply weren’t readily available. Quadet’s spaceport, though not as beautiful, was just as functional as Terra’s.

They spotted a car rental booth and headed for it. Kion wondered how she planned to keep her identity concealed. As important as Moricron made this mission out to be, she should use a fictitious name, just as a precaution. "I'll sign for the car," he said. It didn't hurt to offer. He would use the funds out of Moricron's gold account.

"I have everything planned."

"I insist," he whispered. "It won't hurt to be cautious."

She gave him a hard look. Why did he insist on intervening? Things were already set up.

"A disloyal clan member may have plans to stop your mission." Kion shrugged, “and if they had learned of this mission…”

She stopped in her tracks and gave him a hard look as if what he said was unthinkable.

Kion stopped and scanned the crowd. "It only stands to reason," he said in a soft apologetic voice. "If you have to prove herself, it means that someone is opposing your father."

She raised a white bushy brow. "And you think they may try to stop us."

"Let's just say I'd rather not take the chance." Kion watched her face redden. Her brow flickered as thoughts passed through her mind. Had she not considered that possibility?

A moment later she reluctantly nodded. "Very well, things were already set, but a change in plans such as this can’t hurt."

They reached the counter. "You need a vehicle?" the attendant asked.

Of course, Kion thought. Some people could ask the dumbest questions.

"Yes, a compact," Kimbra answered before Kion had a chance.

Kion gave her a quizzical look. “You sure? Keep in mind what we need it for.”

"Yes I am,” she said sternly. “A compact," she repeated.

Kion shrugged. It was her show. "Very well, a compact."

After completing the transaction they found their small vehicle in the parking lot. Kion opened the trunk and threw the two overnight bags they carried into the compartment.  He examined the interior space.  "Are you sure this car will be large enough?" The whole trunk space was no more than six cubic cubits.

"That's what my instructions claim," she defended.

"I certainly wouldn't call your packages, crates, then," Kion jabbed. It would at least make it easier to smuggle them. He slammed the trunk closed and pushed a button on the vehicles keys to unlock both doors.

They hissed open, sliding toward the rear. Kion got in the driver's side and Kimbra sat in the passenger's side. The doors sealed closed. The car was so small their elbows were almost touching. Kion could smell her sweet scent. He loved that vanilla perfume she wore.

Kion inserted the key to turn on the instrumentation. He brought up a map of the city and scanned the display. He found a traffic lane that headed west and punched in the start sequence. The car hummed to life and the small machine lifted off the ground. He angled the car for the traffic lane. The car rose to its level and merged into the traffic flow.  The traffic here was not as heavy as Central City, but it flowed much faster. They followed the lane though the city, passing glass and steel towers on either side. Soon they were through the business district and over the residential housing. The traffic thinned to nearly nothing and disappeared altogether by the time they reached cropland. Kion adjusted their course for the small town where Kimbra said they were to meet her contacts.

The drive quickly became dull. Not even the terrain could inspire conversation.  They flew silently passed field after field of wheat, corn and other crops that Kion couldn’t identify. Only an occasional tree broke the repetition of the gently rolling hills.

The blue sky, with puffy white clouds, proved to be the most interesting sight. Terra had nothing like them. How Kion missed Terra!  Terra had farm crops, but they weren't needed on such a massive scale.  The yields on Terra were far higher than Quadet could ever hope to achieve. So, large portions of Quadet’s land mass was dedicated to food production.

"I don't understand why you hate this planet," Kimbra finally said after a couple hours of flying. She had her window down.  She loved how her long hair waved in the cool breeze. "It is very peaceful here."

"Yes, it's pleasant enough today," Kion responded. He also loved the way her hair whipped against his bare arm. "but I doubt it will stay this way." He glanced over at her. She had put on the original outfit she had worn to his ship. It indeed was the most revealing of the clothes she had worn thus far. She was beautiful, even here on this planet. The radiance she had, when he first saw her on Terra, was slowly disappearing. This was a normal effect for those who left Terra. The aura he had, had long disappeared from visual inspection. He hoped hers would be restored quickly once she returned to Terra.  She wouldn't be away that long. The longer a person was away from man's natural environment the longer it took for their body to fully recover. Man could live in all kinds of environments, but it excelled only on Terra. Her beauty would survive even here, even after her aura diminished to where it was no longer visible.

Kimbra looked at Kion. His eyes were studying various parts of her body. This was the first time she had actually caught him doing what most men do. "Why are you looking at me that way?" Kimbra’s lips tightened. Her eyes shot daggers. She should have known this day would come.

"Oh nothing," Kion looked forward. He risked glancing at her again. She still watched him.

"What!"

"Nothing," he said shaking his head. He couldn't afford to get emotionally involved with her. After all, she was the daughter of the Maheel clan's leader, a clan that has always been on the other side of the issues. Her soft platinum blond hair brushing his arm didn’t help either.

“Tell me,” she demanded, pausing only a moment for Kion to answer. Her face reddened when he didn’t.  It was time she confronted a man with this. She had to live with him for the rest of the voyage. She might as well get it out in the open. “You being an indentured servant, I order you to tell me!”

Had he been so obvious? “May I suggest that you don’t.”

“I insist,” she exclaimed. “Tell me!”

“Please, don’t,” he begged.

“I said tell me!”

Kion sighed. She was really angry now. He never could handle angry women. She most likely would give him the silent treatment. He hated that. And to top it off, if Moricron ever found out, he would blow up at him too. That was the last thing he wanted. “Very well, what is it you want to know?”

She gritted her teeth, refusing to get any angrier. “Why were you looking at me that way. I don’t like it. Men always look at me that way. When they do I know they want something that I’m not willing to give. And I’m not the type of women to give myself to just anyone,” she warned. “You better not have that in mind!”

Kion shook his head. “I knew you were not promiscuous.” Kion responded in a quiet tone. He hoped he had said it in a way she would not be offended.

“And here I was finding myself hoping you would be different,” she said with resignation.

Did that statement mean that he had a chance with her? Kion wondered. He also heard what he could only interpret as despair in her voice. What problems did she really have with men in the past? “I meant no disrespect,” Kion started. He scanned the dashboard to give himself something to do while he thought on his next words. “Are you still ordering me?” He glanced over at her.

“Go on,” she demanded.

Kion took a breath. How was he going to put this? “Haven’t other men told you that you are beautiful?”

“They only say that to get what they want.”

Kion shrugged. “Perhaps,” he thought for a moment. “But I’m not that way.” He glanced at the dashboard then back to her. How could he explain this to her without offending her more? “I just realized something,” he said in a soft tone. “I bet you don’t realize how beautiful you truly are.” He glanced over at her then turned back to the boring view ahead of them. He couldn’t look at her with his next statement. “I think you are the most astonishing woman I have ever met.” He refused to look at her, at least until she said something. “And I’m not saying it, and wouldn’t say it, just to get you in bed. I only say it because you ordered it.”

Kimbra felt dumbfounded. She didn’t know if she should believe him or not. His voice sounded sincere and his reaction was within the personality parameters that she knew to be Kion. Was she as beautiful as he said? Did he really believe it himself? She had never considered herself extraordinary in anyway. She thought back to all the other men she knew. Even if they truly thought she was beautiful, they still wanted the other. She couldn’t change her opinion of them, but Kion?

She examined him in a new way. If he truly felt the way he expressed, then he had amazing self-control. At lease a lot more than the men she has ever met. She found a dawning of hope within her heart, but quickly pushed it away. She couldn’t allow herself to get hurt again. Not again.

No one spoke for another hour until the sun started to set and the small town came into view. The sky filled with vivid orange, red and pink hues. Kion was still wondering if she was giving him the silent treatment when she spoke for no reason.

"How beautiful!" Kimbra exclaimed, temporarily forgetting their earlier conversation.

"Yes it is," Kion admitted, slowing the car.  The setting sun had created long shadows in the town. Anything could be hidden in those shadows. Kion turned on the headlights and slowed the car even more. As they approached he kept a watchful eye on the dark shadows. Signs and exterior lights around the town started to come on highlighting many of the dark crevices. Nothing seemed to be hidden in them. He loosened his grip on the controls not realizing how tightly he had gripped them.

Kion turned onto the main street and settled into the widely spaced traffic. To Kion's liking, no one seemed to be in a hurry in this small town. He glanced at her to see if she were still angry. Her voice had given no evidence of it.

Kimbra pointed to a motel. “I should have a reservation there.” She looked at Kion. “Don’t worry, it is under a fictitious name.”

“Good,” Kion said for more than one reason. She no longer seemed angry with him.

Kion pulled into the parking lot, found a space and settled the car into it. He waited in the car as Kimbra checked in at the front lobby. While he waited, he laid his head back against the seat and closed his eyes to relax. It had been a long day and it was long passed his sleep period. His body was still on ship time and he was asleep before he knew it.

"Open up!" Kimbra tapped on the window. She did not have a key to open the door. She realized how tired he must be. She had taken a nap and now wished she had offered to drive.

Kion jerked his head toward the window. It took him a second to recognize that it was Kimbra. He pushed a button to unlock the trunk.  He opened the door and staggered to his feet.

"I asked for an upgrade, but all the doubles are occupied," she explained.  "Nor can they give us an extra room so we’ll have to share the same room."

"What?" Kion said, stretching. "This small town?" He couldn't believe it. He reached in the trunk and gave Kimbra her bag.

She shrugged. "They can't explain it either. They said this is very unusual."

Kion got an uneasy feeling. Then again, they were to meet someone here. No telling how many came for the exchange. "I know you were looking forward to some privacy. I'll sleep out here." He wasn’t about to mention their earlier conversation. The last thing he needed was for her misinterpreting him.

For a moment Kimbra looked at him affectionately then covered it quickly. "Don't be ridiculous.  I've shared a ship with you for days now."

"But not the bed at the same time."

"I doubt you'll have the energy to try anything." She grabbed Kion's bag and closed the lid.

Kion shrugged. "Good point," he said rubbing an eye. He followed her, not realizing she was carrying his bag.

She unlocked the room's door. He entered, stripping off his shoes, pants and shirt. He slipped into the bed without even giving the rest of the room a glance.

Kimbra dropped the bags, put her arms on her hips and shook her head, smiling. He was asleep already. She still didn’t know what to make of him. Their conversation certainly ended differently then she had expected. She had been the one loss for words. She was glad Kion didn’t push the topic any further. She didn’t know if she would have blown up or burst out in tears.

Kimbra locked the door and decided to take a shower before going to bed. She put on a clean one piece, set the alarm clock and slid under the covers. She had to push Kion over to make room for herself. She woke up several times during the night, expecting Kion to wake up and try something. He never did. Once his hand had fallen on her hip, but when she turned to scold him, she found that he was still asleep.

Early the next morning, the alarm went off. They awoke finding their arms around each other with their legs tangled.  They were nose to nose. Kion's face flushed, the dimple in his chin stood out. His eyes went wide. “Sor…” he started to say. The last thing he wanted was her anger.

Kimbra put her finger to his lips. “Forget it,” she whispered, smiling at his shocked expression. She kissed him on the nose before realizing she had actually done it. Her face reddened. She turn her back, slapped the alarm off and quickly got out of the bed before anything else happened.  "Don't get any ideas!" she cautioned, to cover her actions. "This situation was a matter of necessity."

"Of course," Kion said. He did notice how soft her skin was. He watched her straighten her tight outfit. No one would be able to tell she had slept in it. The all black one piece was an outfit he hadn’t seen her wear. As all her clothing, it complimented her figure well.

"Get dressed," she said, easily reading the look in his eyes. "We got people to meet." This time she took no offense. She had encouraged it, even if that wasn’t her intentions.

 Just then lighting flashed in the window and thunder crashed. Kimbra jumped, jerking her head toward the window.

Kion hid his smile. "I hope you brought an umbrella," he said, slipping on a fresh pair of pants and a shirt.

"What's an umbrella?"

"This isn't Terra. The rain is cold," Kion stated. "You'll need to find something to keep from getting wet." This time the corner of his mouth turned up at her expression of bewilderment. It was a mixture of disbelief, amazement and concern. He waited, enjoying the moment, before letting her off the hook. It wasn't often he got the better of her. "Look in that dresser." He tilted his head toward a metal cabinet on the opposite wall.

She did and in the third drawer she found two small plastic bags. Yellow plastic garments were tightly folded within the packages marked, 'Rain Parka'.

Once they had the coats on, Kion grabbed their bags and Kimbra opened the door. She stood at the entrance and looked out. It was raining steadily straight down. Once in a while lightning streaked across the sky, thunder rumbled. She seemed hesitant to step out into it.

Kion smiled. "We are lucky. This is a mild storm." He pulled the hood over his head and stepped passed her.  He ran out into the rain.  By the time he reached the car and had their bags in the trunk, Kimbra had made it to his side. She held the hood tightly around her head. A bitter frown told Kion how much she hated the rain. This was her first experience with water falling out of the sky. He didn’t like it any better his first time either. In fact he hated it even more now.

 They got in the car with Kion keeping the humor from showing on his face. She would only tolerate so much of him laughing at her.

"I'm supposed to meet my contact at a restaurant just down the street," she sighed, "We passed it coming in."

"I think I remember seeing it," Kion said. They had only passed one.

The car rose off the ground as Kion energized its induction coils. He turned onto the street the direction they had come. Thirty seconds later they pulled into the parking lot of a well-lit cafe. Several cars were already in the parking lot.

Kion found an open space and shut down the car. It was raining a little harder now so both ran the short distance to the cafe's entrance. A large awning kept the entrance dry. Kion pulled his rain parka off before entering the building and hung it on a provided rack. Kimbra followed his lead.

 The cafe was already half full, even at this early hour. A waitress greeted them at the door. "You're awfully busy this morning," Kion said to the waitress as if he knew.

"Ya, the last time we were this busy was a month ago at our first harvest celebration." She grabbed two menus and motioned for them to follow her. She stopped at a booth in the corner. "How is this?" She waved at the table with the menus.

"It'll do," Kion said, sitting with his back to the wall. He couldn't have picked a better spot himself.

They ordered and sooner than he expected the waitress had brought their meals to them. While they ate, Kion watched the room. He noticed at least two groups who showed some interest in them. It could be nothing, but in both groups someone occasionally glanced their way. It could be they were simply curious. They were out of place here, especially the way Kimbra was dressed in her black tights.

"Is your contact a bearded man with a red shirt?" Kion asked after finishing swallowing. They had been there for a while and had spoken quietly together the whole time. To his liking she was quite pleasant with him.

She nodded. “That’s what I said.”

"Don't turn around, but a man fitting that description just came in." Kion watched the man walk across the room and sit with one of the groups that was watching them. "Don't," Kion warned as she started to turn. "His back is now to us. You wouldn't be able to see much anyway."

Kimbra forced herself to obey. She leaned over, scratched her ankle and glanced behind her.

Not a bad cover, Kion thought, watching Kimbra put her hand back on the table. "We'll wait until they leave before we get up," he said.

"Who’s running this, you or me?" Kimbra scorned.

"No offense, Kimbra, but you are out of your league with this situation."

"And you're not!"

"Keep your voice down," he cautioned. "Though I can't argue with your statement, I do have some experience with making business contacts."

"But this is different."

"Only in the sense that no money is changing hands," Kion explained. "Though there is that element that someone else may try to intervene."

Kimbra's brow rose. She nodded once, understanding his implications.  She pushed her half empty plate away. "I no longer have an appetite."

"They're leaving," Kion watched.

Kimbra quickly reached into her small purse and pulled out a few gold coins. "This should cover it." She laid them on the table and started to get up.

"Wait…" He touched her hand. He couldn't help, but notice how soft it was. "Let's not make it quite so obvious." He waited until the group was out the door. Through the window he watched them get their coats. "Now," he whispered.

The men were still outside waiting under the awning when Kion and Kimbra stepped out. They looked as if they were watching the rain. Kion grabbed their coats while Kimbra approached the bearded man. She spoke softly, so softly that Kion couldn't make out the words.  The bearded man said something in return. She handed him something she had concealed in the palm of her hand. The bearded man nodded once and spoke again. She returned the nod and they separated. The men went out into the rain and Kimbra returned to Kion.

"Success, and you said I was out of my league. They'll meet us by our car," Kimbra said, "with the boxes."

"Don't count on it yet," Kion cautioned, helping her into her parka.

As promised, the men were waiting by the car. All of them wore loose rain parkas and were constantly scanning the parking lot. Kion realized those coats could easily conceal weapons. He hoped he would never find out. He nervously scanned the area too.

Two of the men were holding the packages. Both packages were of the same size, about a cubit on each side. From the way the men handled the boxes, he guessed they must be pretty heavy.

Kion opened the truck and the men carefully sat the boxes in. They left without speaking a word. The bearded man simply nodded once more and said, "good luck." He disappeared into the rain with the rest of the men.

*   *   *

It was another two days before the kid showed up again. This time he had two other people with him. They arrived on the same type of giant bird. As before the noisy screeching announced their return.  Sandra and Rena Homes were the two designated to go out and meet them since they had talked with the alien before. This time they landed right outside the main hatch of the ship. Andrew and Thomas were already out in the meadow under one of the large trees. They stayed where they were and watched. Sandra and the doctor were inside the ship. By the time they made it down the ramp the three were off their flying beasts. The natives stood by their birds. The other two men were considerably taller than the boy. They stood at least seven to eight feet tall!

They had the same eerie glow to their skin as the boy. Sandra had not imagined it. She noticed, this time, their pale skin was slightly pink. Perhaps it was the pink sky that enhanced the pink qualities in the skin? or perhaps oxygen rich blood under the skin? Sandra wondered. A close examination from the doctor would be able to tell.

All three appeared to be male. The tallest had black hair, the other had blond while the boy’s was brown. Each wore only a pair of shorts made of some sort of cloth. No weapons were in site, but they did carry leather bags strapped over their shoulders. The moment that each jumped off the animal that carried them, they reached into the bag and fed them the same type of berry that the boy had used a few days earlier.

“Hello,” Sandra said in their native language. With CHIP’s and Thomas’ help, she had intentionally learned to pronounce that word and a few others. Of course she had the translator up and running on her hand held.

“Hello,” the boy repeated. “I told you I would be back. This is my dad and my uncle.”

“Welcome to Terra. My name is Ablelec.” The tallest spoke. This was the one the boy called his uncle. “I am a family leader within the Imul clan. This is Zethec, the father of Inibec.” He pointed with his hand at each in turn. “My nephew had told us he had seen a ship come in from the direction of the ice shield’s portal. He thought you had come in too fast and out of control. We did not believe him as he is prone to exaggeration. As we can see he had been truthful. My apologies if our delay to come to your services has inconvenienced you.” Obviously they had seen the skid marks in the soil. No point in denying it.

“No not at all.” Sandra answered after the translation. She would let him lead the conversation. “We did have a rough landing, but we have corrected much already.

The tall man looked at her hand held for a moment. His black hair draped over his shoulders. To Sandra’s surprise, the hair appeared clean and well groomed. “Good. If you need our services, we only asked the normal rate of pay.”

Sandra would try to stay as close to the script as possible. “My people have been away from.. Terra .. a long time. What is the normal rate?”

The tall man cocked his head allowing puzzlement to cross his face. “I can see that you have been isolated a long time. What planet are you from?”

Sandra swallowed, she would try to keep her answer as vague as possible. “We are from one of the moons that orbit one of the outer planets. It costs a lot to come here. What is the rate of pay to help us?”

“To salvage a ship, it is still one half of the cargo plus the cost to get the ship to a repair facility.” Since this wasn’t a rescue, indentured service wouldn’t come into play.

“No, that will not be necessary.” Sandra answered immediately.

The captain was listening in on the conversion. This was the first time they have broken radio silence since their landing. How could it hurt now? Sandra had a small receiver plug in her ear, all but invisible. Beck flipped open the channel. “Tell them, that we only require a guide to the closest city that could sale us the batteries we need.”

She did as instructed.

“Let me do it!” The six foot boy asked excitedly. “As payment, they can take me to see Noalec and you too. They could do it in their ship. It would take less than half a day to get there and back.”

The Terrans started talking amongst themselves so fast the translation program could not keep up. Occasionally they would talk over one another. It sounded as if the son was arguing with his dad. Pieces of the conversation did translate. Sandra heard Noalec mentioned again, payment, something about a trip and more.

“How will you pay for your guide and the power cells you require?” Abelec asked.

By this time she saw that Thomas and Andrew were walking up to them. Obviously the were listening in as well. Sandra pointed to them as they approached. “This is Thomas and Andrew.” She was a bit aggravated. This was supposed to be her show and they were told to stay away.

They nodded their heads in greeting.

“What are the items in demand these days.” Thomas spoke in the native language. He glanced at Sandra’s astonished face, keeping his amusement from showing. “We have been isolated for a long time and want to reestablish trade. If you help us in this we can make you our point of contact and distributor for this planet.”

Sandra’s surprise turned into anger. He knows a lot more about these people then he has been letting on. He can even speak the language a lot better than she had thought. She realized she should have suspected it. After all, she remembered, he was fluent in over twenty languages. She now wondered how much he held back in building the translation program. The anger quickly ebbed, though, when she saw the wide eyed reaction of all three natives. Thomas had said something that did appeal to them.

The two giants talked quietly between themselves. The six foot boy stepped closer and listened intently. Soon a large grin appeared on the youth’s face, disparately holding his excitement. They turned back to face the four Americans. “It is decided,” Ablelec announced. “Though this is unusual, we will assist you on terms we become your trades broker.”

“Agreed,” Thomas accepted.  “What are the items in demand, these days?” He repeated.

“Precious metals of course, rare woods and fruits, but the cities are always eager for new technology.” The tall black hair man eyed the ship. “It would be good for your ship to stay hidden. I believe if you have small items like your translator box to sale, they would be of interest.”

“We may be able to gather up enough things.”

“While you do that,” the tall native answered. “I will bring the documents to make the agreement binding and what we may need for the trip.”

“That is acceptable.” If things went according to plan, they wouldn’t be here to full fill any agreement.  Thomas mused to himself.

Inibec spoke softly to his father. “The boy would like to stay here until we return tomorrow.” The blond giant said. Should another clan show up before they returned, the boy would serve as proof they first rights privileges. “Can he be your guest for the night?”

“Yes,” Dr. Homes answered immediately in the native language. She had been wanting to learn more about these beings. Studying a young boy would be ideal. She couldn’t pass up the opportunity.

Both men looked at the doctor, surprised she had said anything. “Very well then. We will be back tomorrow afternoon.” The oldest one said. They jumped on the birds without saying another word and flew off in the direction they had come.

Inibec returned to his bird, released the saddle and let it slide to the ground. He fed the bird more berries, gave a loud screech and waved his hands twice high into the air. The bird leaped into the air, flying after the others. Inibec, smiling broadly, turned to the Americans and said, “Can I see the inside of your ship!”

*   *   *

Zethec and Ablelec jumped on the Zors, gently nudging the giant birds in the breast with the heels of their feet. With the assisted push of their wing claws, the Zors leaped into the air as if the huge men were not even on their backs. The men did not say anything until the ship was out of visual range. Both knew how easy it was to pick up on one’s conversation. “What do you think, Zethec?” Ablelec asked his younger brother. The flapping of the featherless wings gave a gentle whoosh sound with each stroke.

“If these people are not lying to us, then it is the opportunity we’ve been looking for.” Zethec answered. “We will no longer be outcasts. The Chief Elder will have to bring us back into good graces.”

“They are strange enough to be what they say,” Ablelec agreed, “but it won’t be that easy to convince the council or our Chief Elder that we speak the truth.” He thought for moment. “Did you get some pictures of their ship?” Ablelec asked. It was a good decision to bring along a hidden camera.

“Yes,” Zethec answered. “That ship certainly doesn’t run off of impellers, a new technology of some type. It will certainly help our case with the Chief Elder.”

“For the moment we will only show it to him” Ablelec said. “There are many opportunities open to us now.” He smiled. “Which one to choose is what we must decide.”

Zethec understood, some of them could be as bad as their previous choices. He didn’t want to go there with his brother again. They both knew that’s what has gotten them in the situation they are currently in. If they handled this correctly, they would be allowed back into the Central City with open arms.

*   *   *

Captain Beck watched the two giants fly out of range on his monitor. The view was from an airborne bug he had chasing after them. The huge birds flew too fast and were pulling away quickly. They were just beginning to speak to one another when he was forced to halt the remotes progress. It had reached its operational range. No point in losing the remote if it wasn’t necessary. Obviously these people were smart and understood technology. He just hoped they could fool them long enough.


CHAPTER SIX

Lightning constantly flashed, thunder rumbled and the windshield was batted with rain so hard that wipers could not keep up. Kion couldn't see passed the hood of the car. He has been driving strictly from instrumentation for the past hour.  The rain started pelting down this hard shortly after they left that small town.

Kion glanced over at Kimbra. She hadn’t spoken a word since. He had been too busy concentrating on his flying to have noticed before. He spared a longer glance at her. She was staring straight forward, gripping the sides of her seat so hard that she was white knuckled. She was clearly frightened. Though he didn’t like the weather, that wasn't what bothered him the most. "I hate to say this," Kion told Kimbra over the rumbling thunder, "but I think we are being followed." He checked his altitude again. He was flying as high as the car would go. He was making sure a collision from any ground object would be the least of his concerns.

She jerked her head toward him without losing grip on the seat. "What?" She glanced out the back window. "Don't be ridiculous," she scoffed. "That's impossible in this weather."

Kion shook his head. "I noticed a set of lights behind us before the weather worsened. At first, I thought they were lights from that town, but thirty minutes later they were still there. Shortly after that, the weather worsened and I lost visual." He glanced over at Kimbra then scanned his dashboard. "But since then I have been noticing a tick on our radar guidance screen. I think it is caused by radar hitting us.” He turned his head toward her, “a strong one." From time to time, he glanced in his rear view mirror. If a vehicle got close enough, he might be able to see it during a lightning flash.

Kimbra loosened her grip on the chair, temporarily forgetting her fears. She leaned over to get a better look at the screens on the dash.

Kion pointed to the radar guidance. "See that blip." It was shaped like a spike, blunt on one end, with a point on another. The blip disappeared from the screen than reappeared a second later somewhere else on the screen, but pointing downward at a different angle.  "That noise moves around, but it almost always is the same shape and it appears at regular intervals."

She leaned a little closer, watching it move around the display. "That is strange. Could the lightning be causing it?"

"I doubt it, it's too regular." He paused for a moment, glancing at the rear view mirror.  "That blip as been getting bolder."

Kimbra looked into Kion's face. His chin dimple was pulsing every time he gritted his teeth. He was worried, and not about the weather. "You think they are getting closer?" Kimbra asked him.

He merely nodded in acknowledgment.

"Land, let them fly passed us."

"I thought of that. With the weather the way it is, we would have to descend too slowly. They would have known we have landed." Kion thought for a moment. "They would either land and wait us out or they would circle the area until they pinpointed our location."

"You obviously think they mean us harm."

"Absolutely, why else would anyone be tracking us?"

"Could it be the men we got the packages from?" Kimbra said hopefully.

"Possibly, but I doubt it," Kion answered. "There was some reason why they wanted the exchange to take place where it did." He glanced over at Kimbra. "They may be 'wanted' on this planet for some reason."

"Possibly," she shrugged. "The Quadet clan doesn't like us Maheels. That's why we had to use your ship in the first place."

Kion glanced in his rear view mirror again as lightning flashed. He saw a dark object real close, coming in fast. He veered his air car a hard left, but it was too late. The vehicle behind them clipped the car’s rear corner.

The car went into a wild spin. Kion steered in the opposite direction. The spin slowed, but the nose of the car tipped down, putting it in a downward spiral. Kion pulled hard on the controls. The nose came up, too far up. The car continued to fall. Some of the steering and balance coils must have been damaged. Kion felt if he had the time, he would be able to regain control of the vehicle. He gritted his teeth, trying to will it to happen.

The car continued to wobble and fall, though Kion was beginning to get it under control. "Hang on!" He yelled, knowing they were just cubits above the ground now. He was leveling out their decent as the craft hit the ground with a hard thump. Fortunately, it was not as hard as Kion was expecting. The small car's power flashed off for a second then came back on.  Kion turned everything off. "You okay?" Lightning flashed in the sky, brightening the cockpit for brief seconds.

"Ya, just been scared out of my wits is all." She brushed her long platinum blond hair from her face.

"I know the feeling." He sighed and rested back in his seat.

"What now?" Kimbra asked a moment later. "Is the car still flyable?"

"I think so, but I'll wait a few minutes before I check for damage. If we keep power off and not move, they may think they got us and leave."

"I hope it keeps raining then."

Kimbra was right. The rain could stop at a moment’s notice. Kion changed his mind. They better sneak off under the cover of the storm. Waiting here could prove fatal if the assassins did the same. Kion pointed to the glove box. "See if there is a flash light in there."

Kimbra opened it, nothing.

Kion shrugged, then reached behind his seat for his rain parka.

"I thought you were going to wait a while."

"You changed my mind. If it clears up suddenly, and it might, those thugs could still be waiting on us. If that’s the case, we will be in deeper trouble." He didn't wait for her to comment. He opened his door and disappeared into the rain.

With the light from lightning flashes, Kimbra watched Kion’s image slowly move from the front of the car to the back, occasionally leaning over inspecting the belly. From her seat, Kimbra could even see how deeply the rear finder was smashed. A moment later the driver's door popped back open.

Kion jumped in, sliding the door closed in one motion. He pulled his coat off, careful not to get Kimbra wet. "I hope your crates are sealed. The trunk is leaking water, badly."

She shrugged, as far as she knew, they were. "What about the car? Can we leave."

"Couldn't tell, but it wasn't as bad as I expected," Kion said. "Let's give it a try."

Kimbra nodded her agreement.

"Very well." Kion switched back on the power systems and ran a diagnostic on the induction coils. Two in the rear and one in the front proved faulty and a third in the rear was unstable. He switched those out of the circuit and gave more power to those that remained. It took him a few minutes to balance out the induction field. "Here we go," Kion said, switching over from standby to active. He rechecked his dashboard to insure all the running lights were off and all active guidance systems were off. He didn't want to give off any unnecessary emissions that the goons could lock on to.

The car made a grumbling noise as it broke free of the dirt. The car slowly rose to about ten cubits before it came to a hover. Not good, he had hoped for more height. Kion took a compass baring anyway, pointed the vehicle in the right direction and gave the car forward momentum.  Once they got moving, he managed to get the car to climb another fifteen cubits. Twenty-five cubits wasn't very high. He would have preferred a hundred cubits, but twenty-five was all the damaged vehicle could manage. The land was fairly flat. The only danger Kion could think of was the occasional tree they might not see in the heavy rain.

He pushed the car forward anyway. They had a schedule they had to keep. They couldn’t afford the time to take a roundabout course, nor the chance that another component might fail on the damaged vehicle.  He found himself wanting Kimbra to do well on this mission, though he couldn’t care less for her father.

He glanced over at Kimbra. She no longer gripped the seat tightly. She was actually leaning forward, trying to help Kion see out the windshield.

"Are you getting that strange blip on your screen?" Kimbra asked.

"I don't have it on. We need the extra power for the remaining induction coils," Kion explained. "We'll have to fly blind until this storm clears."

"You know, I think it is lightening up," she responded. "I think it is getting brighter outside. I can actually see beyond the edge of the car."

Five minutes later, they knew for certain and ten after that it had stopped raining all together. Gray clouds still loomed over head, but the visibility had risen over several kilocubits.

No other vehicle was in sight.

The rest of the trip back, both watched for trouble. It took a third longer than it should have. It gave Kion more time to wonder what really was going on inside the Maheel clan. He wondered if Kimbra even had a clue.

*   *   *

“He certainly wasn’t happy about the car,” Kimbra said as they walked from the rental booth. Both Kion and Kimbra carried a box in their arms and a bag over their shoulder. The boxes were indeed heavy.

“It was just a show,” Kion answered. “He’ll charge us twice what the repairs will really cost.” He studied the box he carried for a moment. He had noticed a label on it earlier, but hadn’t bothered to read it. Now he was curious, but he couldn’t see one on the container he carried. It must be on one of the sides he couldn’t see. The box was too heavy for him to easily spin in his arms with the bag over his shoulder. “How are we going to get these passed the check point?” Kion scanned the area for any suspicious people. He found none.

“You’ll see.” She had consulted her reader during her flight back, but hadn’t told Kion anything.

Kion wondered if she was as confident as she appeared. He doubted it.

They approached the end of the hall where a set of booths blocked entrance to the loading docks. Kimbra stopped at one of them and laid her package and bag on the conveyor belt that would feed them through an x-ray machine.

Kion set his package and bag next to hers. He spun his box to put the label face up. It read ‘Hold for Kion Borman’, ‘Quadet Pewter Specialties’, and then in smaller letters a manufacture’s address. It looked real enough.

“Do you have anything to claim?” asked the attendant. She was an older lady with bronze colored hair. She had no pink aura, which told Kion she had lived here a long time.  She sat in front of a computer console.

“Yes,” Kimbra answered. “We purchased these in town.” She indicated the two boxes. “One is a pewter set of Quadet goddesses and the other a pewter showcase to go with them. Both have inlaid gems.”

The attendant made notations on her computer. “The value?” She did not look up from her screen.

“Two thousand, four hundred standard gold bars.” Kimbra answered. “You can take our duty fees from Kion Borman’s gold account on Terra.”

The woman looked up at Kion. “You Kion Borman?”

Kion nodded and handed her his ID card and gave her the account number.

The attendant entered the data then pushed a button on the conveyor belt. She watched the screen as the boxes passed through the x-ray machine.

Kion could see part of the screen too. The items within the boxes appeared to be what Kimbra had said. He puzzled over this. Surely this was some sort of trick. They would not fly across the country to a small town to pick up a few expensive trinkets, unless they were stolen. That didn’t make since either. If it was stolen items, why them? They could smuggle them out with anyone. This had to be something else.

The lady handed Kion a receipt then told them to step on through the metal detectors. They obeyed and picked up their stuff at the other end. They head off to their cargo holding area. The other cargo should already be there.

“I don’t understand,” Kion said to Kimbra after they got out of sight of the check point. “How in heaven did they see trinkets in these boxes.”

“I don’t know,” Kimbra answered, “but I was told these crates were specifically designed for that.”

“Shielding with metal silhouettes,” Kion guessed.

Kimbra shrugged. “I don’t really care as long as it worked.”

“So you still don’t know what is in these boxes.”

Kimbra did not answer. Kion took that as a negative. At least the hard part was over. All they had to do now was load the cargo and the first leg of the mission would be completed.

*   *   *

“It is called a Leviathan,” Inibec answered. “Whenever we see the glowing waters, we stay away.” Everyone was at the curved table the next morning eating breakfast. The boy was interested in everything, including their food. He ate as if he were eating for three people.

“Andrew,” Captain Beck said. “Why don’t you take the boy down to the shore line where it happened? Maybe he can tell us more.” Beck really wanted to get the boy out of the way for a while. “But, be careful,” he added.

“Now?” Andrew said through a mouthful.

“Correct.”

Andrew swallowed then frowned. “Come on kid.” He grabbed the hand held that was translating for Inibec and headed out the door. The six foot boy followed.

The captain waited until they were clear. “What have you found out doctor.”

“I have done brain scans and DNA test.” Dr. Holmes answered. “The tests show the boy to be 100 percent human. In fact his DNA is almost perfect with no bad chains or defects detected.”

“How could that be?” Beck asked.

Rena could only shrug, not having an answer.

“What about the brain scans?” Professor Davis asked.

“Inibec has twice as many living brain cells as we do.” Rena explained. “I have two possible explanations for this. The first is the berthing process. Most people aren’t aware of this, but on Earth at berth all babies suffer from some oxygen loss and the result is a loss of brain cells. It usually never results in brain dysfunction. Here there is enough oxygen in the air to keep that from happening. The second, his blood is saturated with oxygen. A high percentage of red blood cells return back to the heart still carrying the oxygen molecule.”

“No blue blood?” Sandra asked.

“Well, the return side is bluer then the outgoing. It’s the atmosphere. With the density twice that of Earth’s and a high oxygen content, the body can actually acquire much of the oxygen it needs through the skin, straight from the atmosphere. I’ll wager he could run at full speed for a mile before feeling out of breath.”

Sandra thought that certain explains the energy she now feels. “This is affecting us too?”

“Yes, the longer we are here, the more efficient our bodies will work. This also explains why Sandra’s head wound healed so quickly.”

“That could also explain their size.” Olson Davis commented.

“Well…” Captain Beck paused. “That explains a lot, but gives us a bigger dilemma.”

“How so?” Bruce asked.

“How can these people be fully human and not be of our past?”

“Past or future,” Bruce quipped.

“It leaves only one explanation,” Olson Davis conjectured, “an alternate universe.”

“I would say that would be even a more remote possibility.” Thomas Abdul remarked. He realized he should not have even said that much. He shouldn’t give his opinion yet. He wants to return to Earth, but on his terms. He promised himself he would not slip any information again unless it benefited his cause.

“For the moment this is a mote argument.” Captain Beck answered. “Until we get the rollers up and running again we aren’t going anywhere.” He looked to Professor Davis. “Round up every item you can find that we won’t need for the return voyage and stow them at the main hatch. Pack them for travel. Dr. Holmes you do the same with your medical instruments and supplies. Keep only what you think will be necessary.”

Dr. Holmes started to protest then nodded.

*   *   *

Zethec and Ablelec arrived mid-afternoon on their Zors. The Terrans removed the small saddles and bags they carried from the flying animals. They released the birds with a parting treat of blue gulf ball size berries. The Zors jumped into the air with the thumping of their featherless wings. Thomas and Sandra met them outside the main hatch, watching the creatures fly off. Captain Beck had made them the official contacts to the natives. Sandra greeted them in their native language. She wasn’t about to let Abdul out do her. She had stayed up much of the night in her room learning to pronounce more words.

“Greetings,” Ablelec answered. “We have the documents to make our agreement official. Once signed, we would like to see the items in which you wish to trade. We must assess them to see if you have enough to get the items you require.” Ablelec pulled out a small scroll, made of a heavy white paper. It had a fancy boarder on either side and delicate symbolic writing. Ablelec reached into another leather poach and pulled out a small folded knife. He opened the blade and pricked his left thumb. He waited for the blood to pool on his thumb then pressed it against the paper at the bottom of the document. Zethec did the same, putting his thumb print by Ablelec’s.

Sandra realized they were signing the document. Not only were they putting their thumb print on the document, they were putting a DNA sample as well. She suspected they had ways of testing for DNA too. What better way to identify the signers of the document? She glanced over at Thomas. He seemed to have concluded the same.

“Of course you will be allowed to read the document first.” Zethec said when he handed the scroll and knife to Thomas.

Thomas Abdul made pretense about reading the symbolic characters on the paper. He did a good job. It really looked as if he were reading. Sandra wandered if he really was. He had withheld other information. She wouldn’t put it passed him now to do it again. He scanned the whole document. “It seems to be in order, but the percentage is a little high.” He handed the scroll to Sandra. “However, we aren’t in a good position to negotiate. I believe it would be acceptable if we could add an option to re-negotiate the contract in five years. What do you think Sandra.” Again, Abdul was taking the leading role.

Sandra tried to read the contract despite her aggravation with Thomas. Amazingly a lot of the symbols were familiar. If she took them for their meanings she knew for them on Earth, they actually made sense if she made assumptions with the unknown characters. It certainly did sound like a contract. “I agree, a five year term should be added.”

Ablelec found what looked like a ball point pen in his bag. He asked for the scroll and added a sentence after the thumb prints. He then added another finger print after the added text. “That should do it.” He handed the scroll to Zethec to add his print.

“Good.” Thomas said in their language. He then pricked his own thumb with the knife and waited until Zethec handed him the scroll. He pressed his bloody thumb against the paper beside the natives’ prints. He handed the contract and knife to Sandra.

Sandra saw through Abdul’s beard, the corners of his lips turn up. She knew what that patronizing smile meant. She wouldn’t give him the pleasure. She took the knife without hesitation and pierced her thumb. The blade went deeper then she intended and her thumb bled faster than the others had. She marked the contract at both spots then covered her bleeding thumb with her index finger. Oh well, she thought, it will heal quickly, thinking how fast her forehead had healed.

By this time the boy, Inibec, had ran up to them. Andrew was close on his tail. Captain Beck had given him the job of escorting Inibec and to learn all he could from the boy. Andrew grudgingly considered himself as the boy’s baby sitter. If this six foot child had been a girl, especially if dressed in the same fashion, he would not have minded at all.

“Show us what you have to trade.” Ablelec said.

“Very well,” Thomas led them in through the main hatch of the Legacy. The tall natives had to bend over to get through and stay that way inside. Ablelec and Zethec’s heads would hit the low ceiling if they stood. The Terrans looked around. This was the lower deck. There was a closed hatch across the room, an open hatch in the ceiling with a small ladder and on the opposite wall a narrow curved stairway that ascended upward. The room was quite crowded with the two giants and the two Americans. Inibec and Andrew stood on the ramp looking in.

A pile of equipment was stacked in the corner out of the way. Andrew motioned to them with his hand. The indigenous humans looked through the items. Sandra didn’t like their blank expressions. Abelec picked up a hand held terminal. “Without knowing how different your technology is from ours I can’t say how much it will bring. What are you needing to trade for. That will be a factor.”

“We need batteries or a power supply large enough to kick start our engines.” Thomas was keeping as vague as possible, not wanting to give any hints on how the ship worked.

Ablelec raised a brow. He had never heard of a space craft needing to be started from an external power source. Even the shape of the ship indicated it must operate on a different principle. If things went sour, he could always get hid of these people and turn the ship over to his kindred. Right now the possibility of long term import profits outweighed the alternatives. “How much power are you needing?” He finally asked.

Thomas gave him a ballpark figure.

“I’m not sure if we have enough to barter.” Abelec said after thinking about the number of power cells they would need, “It depends on how well we can convince the buyers that your technology is different and superior.”

“Uncle Ablelec,” Inibec interrupted from the open hatch, “I know where we can harvest some rare woods, if they are willing to do the work and agree to take me to see Noalec. I can show them.”

Zethec sighed and rolled his eyes. “Not that again.”

“Let’s hear what he has to say.” Sandra said. “We need as much…”

“Yes,” Abdul interrupted, obviously trying to portray the leader of the group. “If Inibec has an idea that will help us get what we require, let’s hear it.”

“Inibec wants to see a radical crackpot known worldwide for his ludicrous remarks. He’s been screaming them for a hundred years and the boy thinks we are the only ones who haven’t seen him in person yet. He is on the far side of the world.” Ablelec explained. “Inibec wants you to take him to the lunatic. We don’t have the resources for such a fool’s adventure. Inibec is hoping that you will agree to take him if he helps you find some rare woods that will enable you to purchase what you need.”

Sandra and Thomas looked at one another and waited for the captains response from their ear pieces. Sandra wondered about the curious statements the Terran made. Obviously, they have a worldwide information network as she suspected and it also implied other things as well. Surely Abdul had picked up on them too.

“Those are acceptable terms.” Abdul said after hearing the approval from Captain Beck.

The boy grinned from ear to ear.

*   *   *

Dormuth closed the grand doors behind him. Moricron was alone, waiting for him in the grand council chamber on Alantet.  He sat at the head of a huge oval table.  His chair was much larger than the others, part in function and part for impression. It was lined with gold and precious gems.  It looked much like a throne.  Moricron ran his daily business from there.

Ignoring Dormuth, Moricron pushed a button on the chair.  It rose a few millicubits off the ground and glided across the polish granite floor.  It had a self-contained power pack and induction system. An expensive accessory for a chair, but Moricron felt it was worth the impression of power it projected.  He stopped the chair in front of a wall of windows.

Moricron admired the view of the snow covered mountains and the green valley floor. Small trees and shrubbery now grew wild in the valleys near the equator.  This was the temperate zone of the fifth planet, Alantet. This zone was about a thousand kilocubits wide and ran around the equator. The rest of the planet was permanently frozen. Alantet was further from the sun than both Terra and Quadet, therefore colder. Moricron viewed a day when Alantet's environment would match that of Terra.  With discoveries that his research people were making at the quantum level, warming this planet would be a simple matter.  Moricron smiled to himself. If people within his clan and those without refused to acknowledge this device as evidence of his authority, he could turn it into an elegant weapon indeed. There would be no arguing his power then.

Dormuth approached the throne. "We have received word that your daughter has lifted off Quadet."

"I assume she has the goods on board."

"Yes, her brief message simply stated that all cargo was delivered." Dormuth paused for a second. "However, I have learned through our other sources that her ground vehicle was returned to the rental company with heavy damage. Reports say the craft could barely fly."

"So she had some trouble."

"It would seem so."

"That explains a few things," Moricron rumbled. "That gold account you set up for our Borman servant was nearly depleted."

"He also made us pay full price for all the cargo we purchased," Dormuth added. "He apparently did not negotiate the price."

Moricron's charcoal eyes sparkled. He would have done the same thing. "That Borman may not be as big a fool as we first thought." He turned the chair toward Dormuth. "Radio Deetmier to watch that kid carefully when he gets aboard."

"I shall," Dormuth agreed. "The Skysurfer will rendezvous with him at Cyclopean in forty-three hours."

Moricron tapped his fingers on the chair's arm. "Find out exactly what happened to Kimbra's car. If reprisals are called for, insure appropriate action is taken."

Dormuth knew exactly what he meant. If someone within the clan was at fault, they would surely pay. "I shall, Chief."

“Any more information from Terra on that elusive ship?”

“We are currently checking with all of our informants within all the clans.” Dormuth said. “It may take some time, but if any of them knows anything, we will learn of it as well.” He promised and bowed slightly as Moricron waved him off.

Once Dormuth was out the door he call up the lead scientist. “Professor Keyler,” Moricron spoke into the chair’s pickup. Keyler’s upper torso appeared on a wall display. He stood in front of a bank of computers and was thin as a rail.  He had an unusual hair color, but it was getting more common. It only happened to those people who have lived away from Terra for a long time. His hair had turned gray. It matched his uniform. Keyler headed all the scientific research on the planet.

"What's your test results on the Borman project?" Moricron asked.  The Maheel clan was trying to duplicate the research that the Bormans have been working on for years.

Keyler frowned. "No progress," the scientist hesitantly replied. He has had plenty of experience with Moricron’s hot temper. One never knew when it could blow.

"No progress!" Moricron bellowed.

"C-Correct," Professor Keyler stuttered. "We have not been able to determined what material they are using. Everything we have tried so far has vaporized with no measurable effects."

"No effects! Not even at the quantum level?"

"I don't know what the Borman's are using," the scientist voice quivered, "but the data that we acquired clearly show that their first tests were successful."

"And your estimation when we will have a successful test."

"Uncertain Chief Elder," Keyler respectfully said, "we will have to find the appropriate material first.  Even if we had a successful test today, we would still be behind in that game.  I understand they already have a ship built."

"That is not your concern," Moricron said, cutting the connection.

Moricron spun his chair toward the windows. He stared out at the peaceful snowy scenery.

Upon completion, Kimbra's mission would accomplish many things that would have been far more difficult and time consuming if done any other way. It would demonstrate his superior intellect and leadership qualities.  However, due to new developments, more steps would have to be taken to insure the Maheel clan's superiority. One of Professor Keyler’s successful projects, the quantum exciter, was nearing completion and would be a prized device. It could make any solid body in the solar system livable.

With the invention of the Borman's interstellar space ship, the quantum exciter could become a mote point. The exciter was expensive and took years to build. Man could expand out to the stars and find naturally habitable planets. The exciter would not be needed. Of course it could be turned into a weapon of mass destruction.  He smiled at the thought of Terra vaporizing.

He called the scientist back up. "Keyler, I know the quantum exciter is almost complete," Moricron started. It was actually a project of massive proportion. It had several particle accelerators strategically place around the planet. The accelerators produced the subatomic material needed for the quantum exciter. Each site covered several square kilocubits. "I will be visiting your sites shortly."

"Yes Chief,” Keyler acknowledged. “I will look forward to your arrival."

Moricron cut the connection. He doubted that Keyler really was. He didn’t care. It was his job to make happen the ideas of the clan leadership. This new idea would especially put a hot fire under Keyler’s rear when he told the scientist what he had in mind. He cherished the idea. It would be an elegant weapon indeed, and it would be one using only Maheel technology. It would be a further demonstration of Maheel superiority.

A sinister smile grew across his olive face. The crow’s feet deepened around the charcoal black eyes. A low rumble of laughter rolled from his throat.


CHAPTER SEVEN

Sandra watched in amazement as Inibec blew a horn made from a giant sea shell. The sound carried over the meadow. He blew a five note pattern once ever thirty seconds until six Zors arrived and landed with eager anticipation. When they landed Ablelec and Zethec quickly fed them the golf ball sized berries and secured them for flight. Sandra had assumed the birds were like domesticated horses, but now she wondered if they were just trained animals living in the wild. She would have to ask when she got the chance.

Right now they were ready to start their journey. Captain Beck had made Thomas Abdul the leader of the expedition sense he spoke the language most fluently. Andrew had protested the decision arguing he was second in command and therefore he should lead the group. Captain Beck held firm, explaining to Andrew that he was qualified as a first officer, but not to lead an off ship adventure. They were never expected to leave the ship and that Thomas had far more experience dealing with foreign cultures besides knowing how to speak the language. Andrew grudging gave in, only speaking when necessary. Dr. Rena Holmes and Bruce McNeil would come as well. Bruce was the technical expert and the doctor for obvious reasons.

Bruce’s arm had healed amazingly fast. He had full movement of it now, but it was still limited in strength and endurance. Sandra noticed that Bruce and Rena have been spending a lot of free time together. Even now they were so close to each other, it was as if they were holding hands.

“I and Zethec will ride bare back” Ablelec said as he cinched up the last leather saddle. Zethec then helped Ablelec position the sack of goods on the back of the last Zor. This did not come easy. The bird wanted to move, and finding the balance point proved difficult. Finally when they had it strapped on the Zor, it settled down. “Being off worlders, you are small, so you can double up. One of you can ride with Inibec.”

“I will.” Sandra volunteered quickly. No way was she going to partner up with Andrew or Thomas. She couldn’t stand either man. Thomas was arrogant and thought better of himself. Andrew was likely to grope her while she was helpless just trying to stay on the bird.  Bruce and Rena had obviously paired themselves up.

Fortunately, Thomas didn’t protest the flying arrangements. Sandra thought.

Andrew did.

“Just get in the saddle.” Abdul ordered, not too politely, after they were given brief instruction on how to handle the giant birds. Since this was their first time to fly, they tied a rope from their ankle to the saddle. It would act as a safety rope, should they fall.

Ablelec and Zethec slid onto their Zors and took to the air. They had a rope tethered to the creature that carried the cargo and supplies. It jumped into the air without a protest. Inebec followed with Sandra holding on tight, not wanting to test her safety rope. The other two Zors took to the air as well, both seemed a little apprehensive. Sandra wondered if the birds did not trust the amateurs on their backs.

Sandra started to relax. She found staying on was not as hard as she expected. The Zor had a sleek brown coat, very similar to a horse in fact, except the hair was finer and shorter, giving it a much softer feel. She began to examine the animal closely. The wings were featherless with a skin membrane that was covered in the same fur as the body. The tail and head crest were the only areas that had plumage. The feathers there were brightly colored and well dress. She noticed a couple of the birds’ feathers were much paler than the other four. Were they the females? She thought, comparing them to the birds of Earth. Sandra mused, these animals looked more like the mythical dragon of folklore. At least they didn’t have the temperament and didn’t throw flame. She then frowned to herself thinking of Diane. There really was a fire breathing dragon on this planet.

They flew for hours, landing every hour or so to let the Zors rest and treating them to some of the golf ball sized berries. Inibec handed Sandra some to feed her bird. They looked like giant blueberries, she thought.

“The Zor love this fruit.” Inibec explained. “The bird’s large size usually keeps them from reaching into the undergrowth to get them. They will happily do anything we ask as long as we have berries to feed them.”

“Anything?” Sandra asked the boy.

“Well no, not anything.”

After a short rest they took back to the air.

They flew over meadows and lakes with clumps of trees scattered throughout. The meadow gradually gave over to gently rolling hills and solid forest. Their journey ended at the foot of one of the rolling hill ranges.

During the trip Sandra had never seen such a variety of creatures in her life; some two legged, some four, some traveled in groups, others were loners and the size range was enormous, even in the same animal group. It took half a day before reaching Inibec’s home.

They landed in a small clearing. It was just large enough for all six Zors to land at the same time. They fed the Zors the last of the berries, removed their saddles and equipment, then waved the birds off.

Sandra look up and up at the tree that stood before them. It was the largest tree she had ever seen, even larger than the Sequoias on Earth. It dwarfed the trees out on the meadow and she thought they were huge. Other trees surrounding it were just as tall. The clearing they stood in was already in complete shade. She realized they must have cleared this area long ago or have intentionally kept it clean.

“Let me show you where you will stay.” Inibec grabbed Sandra’s hand and urged her toward the tree she had been looking at. The lowest branch was easily ten feet above her head and at the base of the trunk over seven feet in diameter. The trunk itself was bigger around then their ship, the Legacy. Large wooden spikes about two foot wide and six long spiraled up the tree trunk, attached was a hand rail. The stairs intersected branches as it spiral around the tree. Sandra saw many platforms within the branches. She could not tell what was on them. The stairs disappeared into the branches. She had no clue on how high they went.

“We are poor and isolated here in the wilderness.” Inibec said. “We would get an elevator if we could afford one.”

“Why don’t you move to the city?” Sandra asked. From the aerial views of the cities, they looked quite modern and well off.

“We can’t,” Inibec answered, “but my dad thinks that we will be allowed to now that you’ve arrived.”

Sandra was about to ask another question when she saw the others following them under the tree. She also heard some excited voices coming down the spiral stair.

Inibec started up the stairs not waiting on the others. Sandra followed him, not feeling any fear of falling. The steps were solid enough and easily could hold three people her size at once. The railing looked strong enough as well. She would have to be careless to fall.

The voices met them around the curve. It was a girl younger than Inibec and two woman, both over seven feet tall. All three had long, straight hair, the two women were auburn and the girl’s hair was blond. All three wore short leather skirts and a loose leather top. The top draped over the shoulders and loosely tied under the arms. This was an outfit Sandra knew Andrew would really like.

“This is my sister, mom and aunt.” Inibec said.

“Hello,” Sandra answered in their language.

The Terran women returned the greeting as the others caught up. The adult females hugged Ablelec and Zethec, whom Sandra assumed were their respective husbands. They then led the Americans up the stairs to the lowest of the wooden platforms. It was quite large by Sandra’s thinking and it had a small wall around the perimeter. It felt safe enough to her.

Ablelec and Zethec dropped their sack of equipment on the floor. “This is where we’ll store your goods and where you will sleep.” Ablelec announced.

The platform was bare. Good thing they brought their own blankets.

Sandra saw how Andrew was staring at the women. “Keep your eyes in their sockets.” She cautioned softly in English. “I suggest you don’t get any ideas. We are in these people’s good graces right now. I wouldn’t want that to change.”

“Don’t lecture me.” Andrew responded. He looked at Thomas, but Thomas only raised his nose slightly.

“This will be adequate.” Thomas told Ablelec in the local language. “It will do nicely.” Abdul looked around. He didn’t say it, but he thought it looked quite primitive for a space faring civilization. “There is plenty of space to add to our goods.”

“That is our thinking as well.” Ablelec answered. “I will have Inibec show you around our dwellings, get you settled in and tomorrow he will take you to those rare woods that he claims to know.” He patted Inibec on the back and smiled jokingly at Zethec.

Apparently, Sandra thought, there was an inside joke on this subject.

“Unfortunately Zethec and I will not be able to help. We have our other duties to do, but Inibec will provide the tools you will need.” The local family members nodded their heads and left, leaving just Inibec and the five Americans on the platform.

“It is getting late.” Inibec said. “They will start supper for us. I should have enough time to show you around.”

After they started spiraling up the trunk of the tree, Sandra asked, “Why do you live up in the trees and not on the ground?”

“Because of the wild beasts.” Inibec answered. “If we live on the ground we would have to build a wall and keep repairing as the animals come around and destroy it.”

“Destroy it?”

“They can be quite large. Most aren’t mean, they’re just hungry and can go through most anything once they set their minds to it.” He shrugged. “Dad says it’s easier to build up once,” he pointed up with his finger, “then to rebuild.”

Inibec took them through several platforms. Some looked like they were for storage and others could be sleeping areas and others community rooms. One platform had an enclose room. Sandra wondered what was in it. She got the impression there were more people that lived here than just the two families they’ve seen. Finally they stopped on a platform that appeared to be a kitchen with a large table. Several modern looking appliances stood along one short wall. Apparently they had their own power source.

The next morning they ate breakfast with Inibec’s family. The meal consisted of a verity of fresh fruits, vegetables and nuts. All of it was uncooked and no meat. It was filling, just not what Sandra would expect for breakfast.

After packing lunch with more of the same, Inibec took them deep into the woods. Walking was easy on the dark forest floor, but the animal pulling the wagon had a hard time. Getting the wheels over large tree roots proved cumbersome at times. The underbrush had been cleared, by whom, Sandra didn’t know. It would have been a lot work for this group of people to do it. Though, she couldn’t see a reason why they even would want to. It was fairly dark on the forest floor. She wondered if it was just too dark for undergrowth to grow.

They approached several animals the size and shape of a Volkswagen Beetle. They had small heads with a pointy nose, short legs and a long tail. Their bodies seemed to be armored with a heavy thick skin. They were nosing around and scratching at the ground. One was digging at the base of a tree that only had an eight foot diameter, small in comparison to the trees around it.

Inibec began screaming and waving his arms at it. “That’s the tree!” He cried. “The Slothful will kill it!” He seemed not to be afraid of any of them. He charged it screaming more, waving a hand saw.

Thomas joined in the shouting, then Sandra and the rest followed suit. The animal looked up and casually wondered off along with the rest of the herd.

“They will not bother us, but they can be destructive.” Inibec explained. He then pointed up. “This is the tree I told you about.”

Sandra examined the area. The trees were thinner in this area and let in more light. The remnants of three larger tree stumps still stuck out of the ground. The ground was littered with decayed wood. The stomps appeared to be as soft as a sponge. She wondered what had killed them and how long they had been dead.

“We must only cut off the branches, so it will live for future harvests.”

The tree Inibec referred to grew between the three rotting stumps. The lowest branches were another twenty feet above their heads. No wander Ablelec wasn’t too interested in this tree, Sandra thought. It looked like a lot of work just to get up to the lowest branch. They were about three foot in diameter.

Inibec drove spikes into the tree and used them to climb to the first branch. He helped the others up and onto other branches. They began sawing. It was mid-afternoon before they had the four branches Inibec said the needed laying on the ground. The wood had a deep mahogany look. It was beautiful. No wonder it was a cherished wood.

By the end of the day they had the wagon loaded with logs as large they could move. They would have to come the next day for a second load. Sandra was already tired, even in this thick, high oxygen atmosphere. However, by morning she felt wonderful. She didn’t have any of the body aches as she expected. Well maybe a little stiffness, but that was it.

The next day was more of the same. Again they only saw Inibec’s family members just during the morning and evening meals. Though Sandra felt tired and hungry, she actually felt better than before. She couldn’t explain it. Dr. Holmes speculation must be correct. Her body must be functioning more efficiently with the new exertion. Bruce’s arm was obviously a hundred percent now.

“Tomorrow,” Inibec said, “we will clean the bark off the branches and make it ready for travel.” Inibec had proved not to be lazy. He worked just as hard as the Americans, if not harder. “Dad says the more prep work we do now will add more value. This will also lighten our load a bid too.”

Sandra moaned to herself. She had assumed all the hard work was over.

Stripping the bark went a lot quicker than Sandra had imagined. Two days later they had it stripped, trimmed and reloaded back on the wagon. The pile was higher, of course, but it was stacked a lot better and secured by rope.

The next day they needed to gather more berries for the trip. This time Inibec took them down an obvious path. It was well packed and worn. It led to an area that let more light onto the forest floor. Sandra saw the perimeter had been lined with downed branches from the huge trees around them. This is what let more light in and it also created a barrier to any ground animal. It would be very difficult for any animal like the ones they have seen to get through. After stepping through an obvious gate, Sandra saw a bunch of smaller trees growing underneath the giant ones. Most of these were only one to two foot in diameter and the tops only twenty or thirty feet tall.

“Now we climb these trees and pick the berries!” Inibec said. He knew he wouldn’t be going on the trip to Central City with them, but he couldn’t wait until they got back. They would then take him to see Noalec!

Sandra grabbed a bag from Inibec and climbed one of the trees. She wasn’t much of a climber, but practice on those larger trees made these seem easy. These trees were obviously cultivated and groomed. She could easily reach the low branches and they were well spaced for easy harvest. She slid out on the branch and reached for a group of ripe berries. Their arrangement and color suddenly looked familiar to her. She examined the leaves more closely. This was a Blueberry tree! It looked just like the plants on Earth only these were giants in comparison. Strange how the things she recognizes here are giant versions of Earth’s. She then realized the animals they chased off the other day could be related to Earth’s Armadillo. The more she learned about this planet the more interesting it became. She couldn’t wait until they reached the city, she thought, filling her bag with Blueberries.

*   *   *

Kion watched the glorious sight from Skysurfer's cockpit. Cyclopean always gave a visual symphony of colors in bands of browns, oranges and yellows. The boundaries between the bands swirled around each other creating small pockets of other colors, such as blue, red and purple. It was always pleasing to the eye.  The planet never failed to impress Kion with its immensity. This time was no exception. Cyclopean was the largest planet in the system and they were about to make their closest pass. The view should even get better.

The trip to Cyclopean was uneventful with no evidence that anyone was following them. Of course, that would be obvious and anyone who wanted to stop them would find some other means. For this reason, Kion was careful to watch ships coming in on other vectors. Fortunately none ever showed up.

While Kion remained his cautious self, at least toward their mission, Kimbra seemed to relax a bit, especially toward him. She began staying passed her duty cycle to talk with Kion on a regular bases. He found that he started doing the same.  They even started playing various types of games, (games that would not distract the person on duty from monitoring the ship’s systems). They found they could have several enjoyable hours together.

Kion glanced at the clock. He began to wonder about Kimbra.  Surely she would want to see this sight.  After all, wasn’t this the reason they went out of their way instead of flying straight to Celebrity and her moon? He was about to call her to the cockpit when she entered.

"What's our position?" she asked standing by the copilot’s seat. She easily could see the giant planet outside their window. She obviously wanted a more precise answer.

Kion looked back at her. She wore a stunning purple dress. It was as tight as the rest of her clothing and showed nearly as much of her thighs and cleavage. Though it was less revealing than most of her outfits, Kion felt it looked better than anything she has worn yet. To Kion she was more spectacular than the planet outside.

Kion liked how she did her hair too. Today she had bound it in a long full ponytail that draped nearly to her waist.  It gave her a look of sweet innocents. He no longer tried to hide his admiration. She seemed not to take offense any more either. “Cyclopean, “ Kion answered, waving his hand toward the window as if she couldn’t see the planet. He looked back at the console and told her their exact course.

"Good, put us into orbit" She sat in the copilot's seat beside Kion, flipping her ponytail over one shoulder. Her hair fell over one breast and down to her lap. The purple dress was a stunning contrast to her platinum blond hair. She draped her hair over the front of her shoulder because the seat would have prevented it from hanging straight back.

"That's not in the flight plan," Kion protested. "It will waste at least a day just to make one orbit!"

"Just do it." She appealed in a soft tone, not at all demanding. Yet her voice managed to convey that she didn't want to explain it either. She knew he deserved better after what he has done for her. She just didn’t want to get into it.

"Your father won't be pleased," Kion warned. Something was bothering her. He hoped he could get it out of her.

She stared out the window for a moment, watching the bands of color swirl around each other. As she feared, Kion wasn’t going to let it rest. She forced herself not to sigh. She would have enjoyed the view more if the situation were different.  "It is his orders," Kimbra finally returned slowly.

"What? Why didn’t he tell me before?" Kion gritted his teeth. He should have been told from the start.

“Just watch your motion detectors for another ship." She wouldn’t look at him. Her eyes were still set on the planet.

Kion didn't like this. “A rendezvous?” She didn’t answer. She gave no indication that she had even heard. "A cargo transfer?" He asked again.

"You could say that," she said in a quiet still voice.

Kion looked into her soft blue eyes. She still refused to meet his. He couldn't tell if she even knew what was going on. It was obvious, though, that she didn't like it any more than he did. "In case you didn't realize it back on Quadet, we are in this together. Tell me what you know."

She toyed with her long white ponytail. He was right, she knew, and she did owe him. She turned and met his eyes. "I am instructed to meet with a ship and transfer some cargo.  That is all I am told."

Those soft blue eyes told him more, much more. How? He wasn’t certain, but he did see for the first time some insecurity mixed with uncertainty. He now felt she was being totally honest with him and not playing any games. "Are you positive these instructions are from your father?"

Kimbra's mouth tightened. "Of course, it is recorded on the crystal that my father personally handed to me before we left Terra."

Kion sighed and turned to the ship's controls.  His fingers touched the trackball and smoothly spun the ball. He clicked on the appropriate icons initiating the correct commands.  Kion looked up. The planet was shifting slightly toward them. He checked his display again. Satisfied the ship was in orbit, he turned back to her. "So this rendezvous was planned from the start," he said confirming what he had already suspected.

She nodded. “Apparently so.”

"You didn’t know?"

She shook her head. "I'm only told as much as I need to know, when I need to know it.  I'm as blind as you when it came to the details," Kimbra admitted.  "The crystal releases the information of the next phase only after I report to father a successful completion of the previous step. The crystal makes some checks, such as time stamps and voice prints, to insure the validity of my report.  It's one of the ways the Maheel clan prevents security leaks."

"Hum..." Kion nodded. He now understood her position.

She rested the back of her head against the seat. The ponytail flattened against the back of her head. To Kion it looked very uncomfortable, but Kimbra did not seem to notice.

He scrutinized her differently now. She was still beautiful and will always be in his mind. He did notice that her long blond hair hid more of her body than the tight outfit she wore. The serious expression on her face kept his thoughts from straying where they should not go. He still found himself believing that she was finally being completely honest with him.  Hopefully, she would no longer consider him an enemy.

Using the trackball, Kion selected a few icons, bringing up sensor controls on his main screen.  He set the active sensors and the passive motion detectors to operate at full capacity. They were now sweeping the surrounding area twice as fast as they had been. Other systems had to be put on standby to give the sensors the extra power they needed.

Kimbra carefully watched Kion set the scanners. She then noticed that he accessed the weapons systems too. This ship only had small lasers, but they could cause damage on an unsuspecting ship.  "Why are powering up the weapons?"

"Just being cautions. Suppose our rendezvous was intercepted by the same people that tried to kill us earlier?"

She frowned momentarily, giving him a slight nod of agreement. "Things certainly were less complicated back on Terra."

Kion looked into her soft blue eyes. "What kind of work did you do on Terra?" He finally felt he could ask that question and get a real answer. It may also help ease her tension, getting her mind on another subject.

"I study Terra's ecology," she hesitantly said. She wasn't sure how he would take that. Most people couldn't care less for the home world's environment. It seemed to survive anything man could throw at it. Of course nuclear weapons would cause major damage and she wasn’t considering them into the equation.

Ecology, that surprised Kion. He tried to keep it from showing. No wonder her clan disapproved, there was no immediate profit in that field.  "What area?" He tried to sound interested. It was easy to do, for he was. He loved watching different types of animals in their native settings. To most humans ecology and the environment were closed subjects.  Terra’s climate has never changed in all recorded history.

She gave Kion a twisted smile. A bit of affection seeped through. "Global, when I’m not on a special excursion for the Zethm clan."

"Global?" Kion repeated, raising his brow. "Never heard of it."

"I study how the ice shield around Terra effects the global climate and how the species of the world reacts to the slight changes in their environment."

"There are no changes in Terra's environment."

"Oh, but there is." Kimbra's voice grew with conviction. It now had some of the traits that Kion heard in her father's voice. "Everyone knows the ice layer has a cyclical process that causes the polar openings to close periodically."

Kion nodded when she paused for a response.

"The average temperature change is slight in each hemisphere, but it is enough to cause many plants and trees to go dormant for a short time during that point in the cycle."

"Dormant?"

"They quit growing until the original temperature returns."

"Never heard that before. Was this a recent discovery?"

Kimbra nodded, looking out the cockpit at the magnificent gas giant. She was clearly pleased with Kion’s interest.

Kion waited for her to reply further, but she didn’t. “Do you have a field trip planned when we get back to Terra?”

“Oh I’m sure the Zethm clan will have something ready for me.” She glanced over at him then back at the planet. Her interest in the gas giant was growing.

“Back before all this started I had planned a trip into the jungle myself,” Kion explained. He was now watching the gas giant too. He wasn’t sure how she would take what he would ask next. “If possible, I would like to go on your next trip. I’d like to see how professionals observe nature.” He found the courage to look at her.

Kimbra turned her face toward him. Her eyes smiled at him though she kept a straight face. “I would like that,” then she said in a fake serious tone, “but don’t get any ideas!”

“Me?” Kion mocked her tone. “I have been a perfect gentlemen.” He saw the corner of her mouth twitch. She was looking out the cockpit again. He turned his attention back to the giant planet as well, but his mind kept wondering back to Kimbra. He found himself hoping she would want a serious relationship. He knew she has had problems with men in the past. He now believed he knew what the problems may have been. He hoped to avoid those stumbling blocks. He certainly was going to let her decide on the pace of their relationship. He wasn’t going to push her into anything.

They sat silently for a long while, watching the show of colors in the Cyclopean atmosphere. The ever changing colors passed slowly by. Kion lost track of time.

“You know,” Kimbra finally said in a soft, relaxed voice. It was more relaxed than he had ever heard it. “This planet has got to be the most beautiful thing in the solar system.”

“No, I know two things that are prettier.” Kion spoke without thinking.

“Oh, what are they?”

Kion bit his lower lip. “Celebrity is prettier. It doesn’t have as many colors, but its rings gives it a personality all its own.” He hoped she wouldn’t call him on the other. “I think it is the most regal of all the planets.”

“And the other?”

The dimple in his chin stood out as he gnawed on his lower lip. He looked at her and they locked eyes. He had to tell her. She would be angry with him if he didn’t and she still might be when he did. “You,” he said in almost a whisper.

The aura around Kimbra, though it has been slowly fading since they left Terra, brightened for a brief moment. Kion had never seen anyone’s do that before. He took it as a good sign for her eyes glowed with affection as well.

“Thanks,” she said just as soft. She held her hand out to his. He took it. “I believe you really mean that.” She gave him a soft smile, gently squeezing his hand.

Kion was about to tell her more when the alarm sounded. In a way he was grateful for it. After giving it a second thought, he wasn’t sure Kimbra was ready to hear it.

Kion turned toward his instrument panel. He touched the screen and the pertinent information appeared on his display. "A ship, it's coming up over the horizon. It's in orbit and should pass several thousand kilocubits from us."

Kimbra leaned over for a closer look.

Kion briefly closed his eyes, taking in the sweet scent of her hair. Vanilla, if he wasn't mistaken.

"Looks like the ship is changing course to intercept us," Kimbra said.

Kion checked the display. "You're right. I hope they are the people you are expecting."

"Try to establish a laser link," Kimbra said. "They should answer with a coded response."

"Good," he said softly, setting up the laser link. "I just hope that code wasn't stolen either." Kion looked at her out of the corner of his eye.

"I really doubt that," Kimbra said with certainty. "He should have the same type of crystal that I have. They are both voice and thumb print encoded."

She showed Kion the thumb print input sensor. He hadn't noticed it earlier. One of the surfaces had a flatter texture then the others. Kion figured she must have unlocked both before handing it to him each time he had pulled data off of it. Smart girl, he had never noticed her doing it either.

"Then," Kimbra continue, "if someone did get past the safe guards it would only give a limit amount of information without further access codes."

Kion nodded, keeping his eyes on his console. "And the information would only be what was needed for the next step of the operation," he guessed.

Kimbra smiled. "Right."

"Link established." He said spinning the trackball to a few buttons on his screen. "I'm patching it through to your console."

Kimbra slipped the crystal into the slot. Her fingers rolled her consoles trackball over icons and softkeys to set up the decode algorithm. Kion watched her access the crystal, pulling more information off of it. He realized she didn't even know what the algorithm was.  She was processing that now. He doubted that he could voluntarily work for anyone with such tight restraints. He marveled that she did. Then again, he realized she was only doing it to break political and ethical ties to her clan.

Kimbra smiled and let out a soft breath. "It’s decoding now and their password is a match," she said, glancing over at Kion. She had never bothered to tell him about the passwords. She touched the transmitter controls. "This is Kimbra Maheel on board the Skysurfer.  Your password matches. We will rendezvous for docking."

Kion heard a confirmation response. Kimbra smiled and looked relieved. He wished he felt the same way. Something was going on here that Kimbra didn't even know. He had the feeling that she was being used as much as he. He wondered if she realized it. He planned to be carrying a weapon when they docked, though he wasn't planning to tell Kimbra. He also wasn't going to power down the ship's weapon systems just yet either. He would watch that ship all the way in.

Kion stood. This may be the only chance to get his pistol. If something was going to happen it would be at close range. "Keep an eye on things," he said. "I'll be back in a minute.  Leave all the systems as they are."

She gave him a quizzical look.

"I'm going to put on my pressure suit. When I get back, I suggest you do the same."

"Why? Everything checks out."

He stared harshly at her for a moment. "Just a precaution."

She returned a hard look. "You certainly can be stubborn.”  He nodded and she closed her eyes and sighed. “Very well, I never thought it would come to this."


CHAPTER EIGHT

"Shut your impeller drive down and keep on your current heading," Kion ordered the other ship. His voice was stern. He sat in the cockpit with his pressure suit on and the visor open. The visor would automatically snap shut should decompression occur. "We will maneuver to dock with you.  If I see any change to your ship's status, I will not hesitate to take the appropriate action." Kion felt his meaning was clear.

"Put Kimbra Maheel on," said a voice just as harsh as Kion's. "I want to talk to the Chief Maheel's daughter."

Kion looked over to Kimbra. Her expression through the open visor was difficult to see. What he saw told him nothing, but her silence told him everything he needed to know.  "Negative, you already have confirmation that she is aboard and well.  That is all you will get."

"This is a Maheel operation," the voice declared over the laser link. "You are just an indentured servant. Put on Kimbra Maheel now!"

"I am the Captain of this ship," Kion argued, raising his voice. He noticed a twitch in the Kimbra's mouth. Hiding a smile? "The successful completion of this mission is my responsibility, not yours." He paused to let that sink in. "If you don't do as I order, I will abandon this operation now and head directly for Alantet or take more drastic action if I feel it is necessary. Do I make myself clear?" Kion had never liked playing the tough guy role and had always tried avoiding it. Even though he couldn’t avoid it in this case he found himself enjoying it.

There was silence on the comm. Kion watched the ship on his display. Finally a response came. "We will do things your way," the voice grumbled. "Be assured that Chief Moricron will here of this insubordination." The man cut the laser link.

Kion watched the ship approach. Their weapons were powering down and their drive went inactive. They were now coasting.  Kion look over at Kimbra. She was smiling.

"People like that are just one of the reasons I chose to stay on Terra when my clan moved to Alantet," she said standing. "It's nice to see someone get the better of them." She put her gloved hand on his shoulder. "I think my father has under estimated you." She left the cockpit. “Sometimes your stubborn streak can be most enjoyable.”

"I need you to keep a gun trained on that airlock," Kion hollered back to her as if he never heard her compliment. He decided she should be armed too.

"What do you think I am going to do?"

The brassy demeanor that Kion saw in her the first time they met had returned. Kion turned back to his instrumentation, smiling to himself.  He watched the ship until it was time to maneuver for docking.  Nothing was spoken between the two ships. Kion switched on the short range radio. "Extend your docking tube. I am about to maneuver for docking.  Keep your heading. I will do all the work." He didn't wait for an acknowledgment and none was given, yet they did do exactly as Kion commanded.

Kion selected the icon that extended Skysurfer’s docking tube. He then maneuvered to the same vector as the other ship and slowly crept close. All the while he kept a close watch on that other ship. Soon a small clunk was heard.

"Docking complete,” Kion said over the radio.

"We confirm seals are locked," came the crisp voice of the other ship's captain.

"I will allow only one person over to meet with Kimbra," Kion told them. No funny stuff. I will have the airlock set so the outer door must be closed before the inner will open." This way if they meant to storm the ship they could only do it with the amount of people they could get in the lock, three at most.

The other captain sighed. "Acknowledged, I will be glad to depart from you."

Kion cut the connection, grabbed his weapon and headed for the airlock.  Kimbra was setting in a chair, as relaxed as one could be in a suit. She had a pistol in her lap.  Kion turned to the inner hatch. He watched the lock's indicators. The outer hatch was already open. A second later it closed.

"Here they come," Kion said, stepping back. He wished he could have seen inside, but the lock had no windows.

The inner door opened and one, unsuited man, stepped through. He was a tall wiry man with black hair. He fit the typical Maheel look. Kion estimated the man was only about a hundred and fifty years old. He carried a small duffel bag. No weapons were visible.

"Close the hatch," Kion ordered.

The man saw Kion’s weapon aimed at him. He rolled his eyes as he turned to perform Kion’s order. He then turned to look at them both, his head shaking slightly side to side with a lopsided frown.

“Open your bag and dump its contents on the floor,” Kion ordered

“Is this really necessary.” The man said sarcastically.

“Do it!” Kion ordered.

The man shook his head, opened the bag and turned it upside down. He shook it and a few changes of clothes fell out. “Satisfied?”

“No, throw me the bag.”

"You are really paranoid," he said, tossing the bag gently to Kion’s feet.

“We’ve already had our lives threatened once,” Kion said inspecting the bag. “I’m not going to take any chances.”

Just then they heard the seal break on the airlock. "That's just Captain Santimer, leaving,” the man explained. “He didn't want to wait around." He gave Kion a hard stare. “And I can’t say I blame him.”

Kimbra lifted her helmet off. "What about my cargo?"

"I am your cargo. The name is Deetmier."

"What?" Kimbra wondered why the crystal had used the term cargo instead of passenger. She will inquire the crystal the next chance she got. It better at least confirm the cargo was intended to be a passenger.

"I have some reports to deliver to Moricron," Deetmier explained though his expression said he really didn’t want to. He pulled a few black crystals from his pocket. He held them out so they could see them. He then slipped them back into his pocket.

Kion lifted his helmet from his head. He eyed the man suspiciously. "That other ship could have taken you." Kion's chin dimple twitched. "We will now have to ration our food stocks." This ship didn’t carry nearly the amount of food stock as the Traverse had, but he was exaggerating the situation just to give the man a hard time. Perhaps he could learn more if he kept the man talking.

"I won't eat much," Deetmier mocked casually. "And no, Captain Santimer is in the middle of a detailed study of this planet. If he left now it would ruin the whole trip."

"I remember your name," Kimbra said. "My father has mentioned you a time or two. You work for clan intelligence."

"That's right," he affirmed, "but I'm really just a messenger." He gave a gentle smile to Kimbra. Just the opposite he was doing to Kion. "This is pretty typical for me. Most of the time, I don't even know what is on these. This time I happen to know it is data relative to the Cyclopean study."

Kion really doubted it. Deetmier just contradicted what he said earlier. If the ship couldn’t leave early to deliver Deetmier, then how is incomplete data about their expedition useful to Alantet?  He felt the man was hiding something. He just didn't know what.

Kimbra seemed to accept Deetmier as no threat. She had set the gun aside and was already getting out of her suit. She gave Kion a stern look, as if she should have never listened to him. Kion cleared his throat. "I guess I better get back to the cockpit and get us back on course for Celet." He didn't want to leave him alone with her, but he didn't have a choice. He couldn't let his suspicions show. Though their relationship had improved he doubted that Kimbra would understand. After all, Deetmier was a member of her clan. She had no reason not to trust him. Deetmier didn't need to see his doubt either. Kion knew he had no choice. He would just have to watch Deetmier closely.

*   *   *

Central City was closer to Inibec’s home than the Legacy was, but the trip would take much longer. Their cargo was too heavy for the Zors to carry and to break it down into loads the Zors could handle would have required more birds than they could manage. The wagon was the only option. Zethec and the crew would take the wagon while Ablelec and Thomas took two Zors and flew ahead with samples of their technology and some pieces of wood. Hopefully, it would be enough to convince someone to bring out a powered vehicle, meet them and speed up the delivery.

Sandra didn’t really like the arrangement. She would be riding the wagon with Andrew and the others. She undoubtedly would be sleeping with Andrew by her side. She feared that she would be bothered by Andrew more than any animal. Zethec said he had ways to keep most of the wildlife away but not all. So there was some danger there. Too bad he didn’t have something to keep Andrew away.

At least the wagon had a path to travel down. It was bumpy, but nothing compared to the virgin territory they had traversed to get the wood. They weren’t getting stuck every ten minutes. They were still under the canopy of the giant forest. Occasionally a sun beam filtered through the dense foliage. Sandra did notice that she was seeing more and more sun beams. She hoped this meant they would soon break into open territory. Judging from what she remembered of the forest from the air, she expected it to be a few more days. Of course they were going the opposite direction and she really didn’t have a clue.

So far, nothing bothered them. The only animals she saw were the size of a dog or smaller. Some were lizard like, others looked like mammals, while still others looked like small Kangaroos except they ran rather than hopped. There was plenty of wild life in the forest above; strange looking birds and other animals ranging from the size of a humming bird to a turkey. Some looked familiar while others were completely new to her.

And there were the ever present insects. Only the flying ones bothered them at times.

That night Sandra got more sleep than she expected. They had rolled out heavy padded blankets on the path. It gave them some comfort from the lumpy ground. To discourage the wildlife, Zethec had sprayed the area with a repellent against the ground insects and for other creatures he set up devices that emitted high frequency sound, above human hearing. They also flashed light into the jungle once a minute or so. The lights did not flash toward them. With a thin blanket over her head, Sandra didn’t notice when one of the strobes flash. She would have to put the blanket over her head anyway just to keep the flying insects from bothering her. Surprisingly, Andrew only bugged her once. He actually listened to her when she told him no. Maybe he had some intelligence after all.

Just before dawn Sandra was awoke by a soft constant sound. At first she thought it was one of the devices Zethec had set up, but realized it sounded like drizzle. If so, this was the first time they actually witnessed rain. She pulled the sheet from her face and could barely notice in the dim lighting that the ground was emitting a blanket of mist. It rose about a foot or two before falling back to the ground. She then realized her bedding was actually water proof. It felt like clothe, but it repelled the water. She figured they must be treated with something. And for them to be treated then this meant the mist was a normal occurrence and was expected. She wondered if this happened every day. She wondered if it happened out on the meadow too, but they just never noticed or misinterpreted it as a light fog. They definitely were never outside at this time of day.

That day Sandra asked Zethec about the mist.

“Oh you are referring to the refreshing.” Zethec replied.

“Does it happen every morning?” Sandra asked. “I never noticed before.”

“It depends on the time of year. At times it does it every morning before dawn. At other times it is sporadic.”

“Do you know what causes it?”

“The radio frequencies from the stars cause it. The Ice Shield’s curvature focuses it on a point below the surface, within the water table. It causes the sand granules to resonate. It pushes the water up with enough force to project it into the air.”

“This happens only at night?” She thought this question out loud without expecting an answer.

Zethec did answer. “Right, because during the day, the sun over powers any signals from the stars with white noise.”

She understood and was amazed at his technical knowledge. He was no native bush man and had to be well educated.

They traveled another two days, still under the canopy of the forest, when a large object dropped out of the tree they were passing under. It knocked Dr. Holmes off the wagon. The long slithery thing fell on top of her and began to coil its body around her.

“A Boa!” Bruce shouted, jumping from the wagon. He grabbed the snake and tried prying the huge beast off her. He didn’t have the strength. It was easily over a foot in diameter and who knew how long. Sandra and Andrew tried to help as well, but they were just getting in the way of each other.

Zethec stopped the wagon the moment he realized what was happening. “Let me through!” He ordered, jumping from the seat. He easily pushed Sandra’s small form aside with one hand and pulled out a knife with the other. Andrew backed off leaving Bruce. “Grab it’s head!” Zethec hollered. Bruce fumble around the head. Rena gurgled in agony.  His hands slipped. He tried again. This time he got a hand hold on it, pressing it firmly against his chest. The second he had it still, Zethec plunged the knife skillfully between the eyes of the beast. The snake recoiled, throwing both Zethec and Bruce off, but also releasing Rena. She moaned in pain.

Bruce cradled her in his arms. “Breath!” he ordered with deep concern. “Speak to me.” His voice wavered.

Rena took a few deep shaky breaths then finally mumbled carefully, “A few broken ribs.”

“Let me help you up.” Bruce gingerly held her hand and placed his other around her waist.

Rena looked at Bruce and gave him an affectionate smile through the pain. “In this environment I’ll heal quickly.”

 He helped her up to the bench and sat beside her. This left room only for Zethec to drive.

This meant Sandra would have to ride on top. She didn’t mind. It was near time for her turn anyway, but his actions did confirm what she has been suspecting. Bruce and Rena were more than just friends. They were an item.

Sandra turned her attention to Zethec’s actions. He had cut off the giant snake’s head and was now skinning it.

He looked up at her. “The head and skin will bring us some money.” He explained. “We are near the forest’s edge. The snake is a good sign of that. They tend to hunt the perimeter of the forest where more creatures wonder in for protection or food.” Once he finished peeling off the skin he rolled it up and place it on the wagon.

Zethec’s statement proved correct. Just another thirty minutes travel, Sandra saw day light at the end of the tunnel they had been traveling on for three days. Once they broke out into the open she saw that the size of the trees were smaller again, about the same size as those on the prairie and were clumped together in patches. The further ahead she looked the clumps grew smaller and fewer in between.

“We will have to sleep in the open only one night.” Zethec said. “It is more dangerous out here, because of the larger animals. So all of us will have to sleep under the wagon while one stands watch for trouble. Our animal discouraging devise will work here too, but not as effectively. It will irritate some and could agitate others enough to attack. So we must keep the system turn off until an animal approaches. That will minimize our risk.”

“And what happens if an animal can’t be convinced to leave us alone?”

“I have sulfur blocks that we can light and throw in front of them. The smell should scare them away.”

Sandra thought she was translating his words correctly. Sulfur certainly does smell when it burns, but to ignite it was not a simple task. She then realized that they weren’t on Earth. The atmosphere is twice as thick here with a higher oxygen content. Here, it might ignite as easily as paper does on Earth. She hoped she wouldn’t find out. “What about guns?” She finally asked.

Zethec remained silent for a moment as if choosing his words carefully. “I do not have access to any gun large enough to be effective against anything on the prairie.” He spoke slow and deliberately.

He didn’t seem quite as straight forward as he has been. Sandra wondered if she had hit upon a touchy subject. She decided to not pursue it any further. Whatever the reason, Sandra figured she wouldn’t get much sleep that night.

*   *   *

Moricron's yacht flew over the main site of the quantum exciter. To look at this place, it was nothing special, just a few multi-story buildings dotting a green valley in the climate zone of the planet. There was one unusual building though. It was centered amongst the others. It was circular with a large arching dome. At closer inspection, the other buildings were evenly spaced around it.

Most of the huge complex was underground.  It was actually a sub-atomic accelerator, the largest ever build by man. It covered two hundred and twenty-five square kilocubits of the planet’s surface, fifteen kilocubits by fifteen kilocubits to be exact. The accelerator's particle guide tubes ran through a large underground tunnel. The main tunnel ran a circle around the center structure and through the basements of the surrounding buildings.  The domed building was at the accelerator's center. Smaller tunnels connected all of the perimeter buildings to the domed building like giant spokes on a wheel.

Moricron's driver landed the yacht on the grass just outside the domed building. Moricron waited until the driver got out and opened the back door. He stepped out with two body guards on either side.

Several people ran out to greet him. They wore the traditional gray lab coats of scientists. The thin man with gray hair bowed slightly. "Welcome Chief Moricron,” Professor Keyler said. He appeared taller in person. He was the same height as Moricron.

Moricron nodded in return. "Shall we get started," his voice boomed.

"Yes, of course." Keyler and the rest of the group turned for the building.

The group entered the bulbous building and took a lift down to the basement. They stepped on a tram and headed out to the accelerator guide tube. They turned into the guide tube’s tunnel and the tram took them all the way around the circumference of the complex. They then headed back to the domed building at the center. The whole time one scientist or another spoke, giving detailed information on important equipment along the way. They took the lift to the top floor of the domed building.

Moricron stepped out of the lift. They were standing along the perimeter of the dome itself. He looked up, impressed with the size of the domed ceiling. Though the building had been here a few years he had never made an effort to come here. The room seemed even larger than he expected though he already knew its dimensions. Panels, larger than Moricron's yacht, hung from the ceiling in a circular arrangement. They all angled downward as if focusing on a point far below.

"See all those panels arranged around the dome," the gray headed scientist said. "They redirect the quantum flux to the core of Alantet, where this complex and five others just like this one, focus their energy. By doing this we can control the zero point fluctuations of this planet’s core." Professor Keyler raised his finger to make his final conclusion. "And in turn control its temperature and indirectly the temperature of Alantet’s surface. We will soon be able to raise its temperature enough to allow the entire surface of the planet to be habitable, even the poles!"

"Very impressive," Moricron honestly praised in a deep resonant voice. His head was still turned up at the doom. "What would it take to refocus the energy output to some other object?

“What type of object?” Keyler asked as if he never considered such a possibility.

“A planet,” Moricron answered. “Let’s say, Terra." Moricron looked at the head scientist. His expression was dead serious.

"At Terra! Whatever for?" the old scientist said, forgetting who he was talking to.

"That is not your concern," Moricron rebuked. "Answer the question."

To Moricron's approval, Keyler recovered quickly. "Sorry Chief, aside from adjustable mounts for the focusing panels, I couldn't say, off the top of my head. I would need to know the propose to give you an accurate response."

"Destruction," his voice was hard, without any regard for the life that would be killed.  "Is it not possible?"

There was silence for a moment. The different scientists looked at each other. Of course it was. They all knew it. Obviously, they would have to find a way to remount the panels to give them the ability to refocus their beams onto Terra. And a way would be needed to hold it at full output for an extended time. It was never meant to be used continuously at full power or across such extreme distances.

Keyler thought of the ramifications. Terra’s core would superheat. After a period of time, the water within the planet would pass boiling point causing internal pressures to rise exponentially, resulting in a massive explosion if it rose quick enough.  "I would say it was possible," Keyler found himself regretfully saying, "but we would have to run the system beyond its design specs and make a few modifications."

"I don't care. Just have a preliminary report, explaining the details, in my office computer by mid-morning tomorrow." With that Moricron turned to leave. His body guards stayed at his side, keeping an ever vigilant watch for trouble.

Moricron knew he would get some flak from some of the clan elders when his orders leaked out. He didn't care.  They would be the ones opposing him anyway. The rest were either in his back pocket or would be too afraid to speak. So much the better, it would draw the line finer between his enemies and allies. He looked forward for the conflict.


CHAPTER NINE

It took Thomas and Ablelec only a half day to fly to a great walled city. The city had two walls. The inner wall was large enough for three lanes of traffic to run on top. The outer wall was only half way completed. They landed the Zors on the city’s inner wall. They unloaded their bags, gave the beasts their treats and released them back to the wild. The animals flew off in the direction they had come.

To Thomas the city appeared to be as modern and more advanced than any city he knew of. It was larger than New York City. “So this is Central City.” Thomas Abdul stated. He looked inward at the great city where metal, glass and stone towers reached for the sky. Unwinged vehicles flew between and around the skyscrapers at all levels. There seemed to be a pattern to it, but Thomas didn’t bother to try and figure it out. He glanced to the other side of the wall. The outer wall was still under construction. The land between the walls were still unprotected from wild beasts. The Terrans grew vast fields of wheat and other produce outside perimeter of the original wall. Thomas could also see where animals had invaded the cultivated lands and destroy much of the crops. Walls seemed to be the best solution to keep the animals out. Apparently the city has out grown the original wall and is currently expanding further out. Thomas mused, here on Terra they use fences to keep the animals out. On Earth they used them to keep animals in.

“You must be careful. The dangers here are human, but stay with me and you will stay out of trouble.” Ablelec had other reason to keep Thomas with him, but he wouldn’t let the outsider know that.

Carrying a leather bag, Ablelec started walking the length of the wall. Thomas picked up the other bag and followed. The wall they were walking on remained Thomas of the Great Wall of China. Only this wall was larger. The side facing the wilderness was made of huge granite blocks. The top and the inside was made of some sort of black metal that was hard as steal. Thomas acted as if he bent over to pick something up. He instead scraped the black surface with his concealed knife. It left a shiny mark, so the black was an outer coating. He could only guess if it were corrosion or some sort of painted surface.

They entered one of the small two story glass towers that were widely and  systematically spaced on top of the inner wall. It seemed to be nothing more than a concourse of some sort. Thomas read the symbols above various closed metal doors. The doors on the left were labeled stairwells and ones on the right were labeled elevators. They even had the up and down arrows he expected to see on Earth elevators. The far wall had doors that led outside to the next segment of wall surface. Ablelec stepped over to a terminal built in the wall. The square screen came to life with symbols and numbers when he touched its surface. He tapped on the numbers. Thomas realized that Ablelec was making a call.

“Yes?” a female voice came from the screen. The picture of symbols did not change.

“This is Ablelec.” The tall human explained. “Tell the Chief Elder that I am at Minaret two forty-five. I have samples and one of the representatives.”

“Wait there, a car will come to pick you up.” She apparently had been expecting his call.

They stepped outside and sat on a bench that lined the Minaret. They waited about twenty minutes before the vehicle arrived at the wall. It stopped in front of them, floating just a few feet from the surface. Thomas mused to himself. It looked like a limo, it was black and shiny with tinted windows. Only this limo didn’t have any wheels and it was larger. The driver got out of the front door that hinged upward. He was dressed in a well pressed bright colored shirt that had an intricate pattern. His pants were white. The causal looking uniform could be made from silk, Thomas guessed. The eight foot tall man swung open the rear door for them, pivoting upward as well. He stood by the door and waited

As they approach, Thomas glanced at the digital compass he wore on his wrist. It also functioned as a watch. The numbers were spinning, constantly changing. The car must work on magnetic energy. He thought. The magnet field of this planet was forty times that of Earth’s. It probably could be used in this way.

The back seat was empty. Ablelec leaned down clearing the overhead door and slid on across allowing Thomas to climb on in. Thomas cleared the door easily. The car was made for an eight foot tall man. Thomas had plenty of head and leg room.

The driver took their bags of goods, slipped them in the trunk and got back in the front. The controls were more like a helicopter than a car’s. He grabbed the stick, placed his feet on the pedals and steered the car into the traffic without a word. Flying twenty minutes between buildings, changing lanes up, down and left and right, they finally made it to their destination; a tall glass and stone building. It appeared to be an older one, but it was clean and in excellent shape. A large door opened on the side of the tower about midway up as the car approached. They flew in, slowing down only a little. Some type of guidance system? Thomas wondered. Oddly he felt little or none of the forces with the change of motion of the car. The magnetic field around the car must be preventing it. He wondered if this was the same technology they used with their spacecraft.

They were on a parking garage level and the car had now slowed considerably. It turned into an empty slot, extended four landing jacks and settled its weight on them. The car’s hum wound down. The driver pushed a button and the doors automatically hinged up. Ablelec and Thomas got out opposite sides of the car. During the trip, Ablelec had changed into a casual suit with black pants and a brightly colored shirt that had the same pattern as the driver’s. The entire wardrobe, including the shoes, had been stored in a compartment in the car. The outfit made Thomas’ tan military uniform look cheap in comparison.

The driver followed them, carrying both of their bags, to an elevator. Ablelec pressed the button labeled, Chief Level. Thomas assumed this was the penthouse. It was the top button and the elevator rose quickly to the top. It seemed to function much like elevators on Earth.

The elevator doors opened to a huge lobby. A beautiful platinum blond woman sat at the receptionist’s desk. She easily stood seven foot and wore a striking silver dress. She looked up from her flat screen. Their computers looked as modern as Earth’s too, Thomas observed.

“I’m Ablelec, here to see the Chief Elder.”

“Please have a seat.” She responded. “He will speak to you in a while.”

They waited for over an hour. Thomas wondered if the Chief Elder was just using a power play to make them wait, or was he truly that busy? He wished he knew the truth. It would be an insight on the type of person they were dealing with.

“Ablelec, he is ready to see you now,” the secretary stated. No one had left the room, unless there was another exit and there had been no noticeable communication between them either that Thomas could see.

Ablelec picked up the bag he had been carrying and stood. Thomas started to rise from his seat with Ablelec.

“I’m sorry sir, at the moment he wishes to only speak with Ablelec.” She said politely. “He will let me know when he is ready to see you.”

Thomas nodded, trying to keep the annoyance from showing on his face. He returned to his seat without saying a word. Ablelec didn’t even look back before entering the closed room.

Ablelec closed the door behind him, looked at the eight and a half foot tall man standing behind the highly polished dark wood desk. He stood in front of a glass wall which revealed the cityscape and the space port beyond. Ablelec bowed his head as custom dictated. “Thank you for seeing me Chief Elder Botrey Imul.”

“I should say so!” Botrey’s voice boomed. “After the trouble you and your bother caused the clan, you are lucky I even listened to your inquiry to save face.”

“I am most grateful.” He now raised his head and looked the Chief Elder of the Imul clan in the eye. “I believe what I have to present to you will be of great interest and could benefit our clan in numerous ways, even if these aliens prove to be untrustworthy.”

“Let me see the pictures of their ship.” Botrey demanded. Ablelec had not transmitted them for security reason and only mentioned it and the situation in code.

Ablelec opened the bag and pulled out a black crystal from a hidden pocket in the bag. He handed it to Botrey over the desk. Botrey snatched it from his hand then placed it into a slot on the side of the desk. The glass wall behind Botrey darkened and the wall to their side lit up with the first picture of the saucer shaped craft sitting in the meadow. Botrey stepped around his desk staring intently at the scene. “Yes indeed, it does interest me.” It clearly was a technology they had never seen. “This may top anything the Borman or Maheel Clan may come up with. Wouldn’t Moricron be upset!” He would love to get into the spaceship building business. With this connection they just might!

“Respectfully sir, the ship is special, and we may have to settle for just that if things fall through, but I think if we can set up a formalized trade agreement, our clan will benefit far more than from just capturing the ship. I have a preliminary contract signed that will lock them into us, including the sale or production of space ships.”

The Chief Elder scratched his bearded chin without taking his eyes off the wall. “You are beginning to think as an elder.” The praise was rare from Botrey. “This could indeed make amends for your past aggressions.” The Chief Elder turned to Ablelec. “What are they wanting in return?”

“Only some power cells to restart their engines.”

Botrey raised a brow.

“They claim they were coming here to make contact with Terra and start trade with us.”

“Do you really believe that?” Botrey’s voice lowered. “As far as I know they could be on a scouting mission, looking for weakness. They could even be Maheel Clan or Borman.”

Ablelec shrugged. “You may be right, but I would be surprised. We scanned their ship and crew and found no signs of powered weapons. The inside of their ship did not look like it was designed for battle either. It was clearly design for people of an average height of only 4 cubits. They even speak a different language. The ship is full of unknown writings. Their physical characteristics would suggest they have been away from Terra for a long time. To look at them, I’d say they were never born here. They are small and show signs of rapid aging. Which agree with their explanation of being isolated a long time.”

“Where do they claim they are from?”

“One of the outer planets.”

“Kind of vague, don’t you think?”

“I did get Thomas, the one that came with me, to explain that they were from one the moons of Celebrity. They called the planet Saturn. They could be one of clans that left Terra five hundred years ago when space flight first opened up to us and was never heard from since.”

“Don’t the Borman or Maheel have ships that go out there now?”

“I’ve checked. The Borman do. They make three or four trips a year, just cargo and supply runs to a research facility there. They could have easily overlooked the Americans, especially if they didn’t want to be found.”

“If that’s the case they may have something more than just trade in mind.” Botrey thought for a moment. “We will indeed deal with them, but lets make sure they take back to their ship more than they expect.” He smiled. “Bring in this … Thomas. I’ll see him now.”

*   *   *

Celet, the second largest moon of Celebrity, was a dull orange against the comparatively bright backdrop of Celebrity and her colorful rings. Kion and Kimbra sat in Skysurfer's cockpit seats while the annoying Deetmier stood between them. All three marveled at Celebrity's beauty as they approached the dark orange ball of Celet.

"I will never cease to admire this planet’s beauty," Kion said. Even Deetmier's presents wouldn't dissolve that. He looked at her, hoping to send her a message that he meant the same for her. “It’s the second prettiest thing I know of.” He glanced at her.


Kimbra did not look at Kion, but her aura brightened briefly. From that he knew she took his meaning.

"I doubt I’ll ever tire of it either." She answered as if she never heard his last statement. The marvel in her voice clearly demonstrated this was the first time she had ever seen it with her own eyes. Pictures never captured Celebrities full beauty.

Deetmier said nothing. Kion glanced back just to make sure he was still there, disappointed that he couldn’t openly convey his thoughts to Kimbra. He hoped Deetmier never detected their fondness to one another. If such a report reached Moricron, Kion shuddered to think what Moricron would do. For this reason they had been careful in Deetmier’s presence.

Celebrity with her moons was the seventh planet from the now distant sun, but the planet was second in size only to Cyclopean. Celebrity reflected much of the now dim sun's light making it appear brighter than most objects would at this distance.

Celet's atmosphere was one giant cloud that went clear to the surface. The thick atmosphere was filled with organic material that gave it the dull orange glow from the small amount of light it received from the sun, plus the reflected light from Celebrity.

The dull orange ball of Celet was now beginning to fill the cockpit's windows. Kion slowed the ship and adjusted her angle of attack for a smooth entry. He flipped on the radio. "This is Kion in the rented freighter, Skysurfer, requesting guidance beacon."

"Guidance beacon?" Kimbra asked.

"Yes, the moon’s atmosphere is too foggy for any visual bearing.  Finding the base would be a tediously slow process, and that's if you knew where to look. It would be impossible to find if you didn't." Kion then repeated his request into the radio. He looked again to Kimbra.

"Couldn't you use infrared and radar?" Kimbra asked.

Kion shook his head. "Not here, the thick atmosphere absorbs infrared wavelengths. By the time you could pick it up on infrared, you would be able to see it."

Orange clouds were now whipping passed the cockpit. Kion glanced back at Deetmier. He hid the ship’s course from view.  “This dim dark world provides all the isolation and security we need from unwanted visitors." He felt the message would be clear, even to Deetmier.

"And that's just one of the reasons the Borman's have managed to keep a monopoly on Celet Crystals," Deetmier said with a grudging voice.

Kion was about to make a comment when a female voice from the radio interrupted.  "This is Celet base. Is this Kion Borman?"

"Yes it is. Do a voice print to confirm my identity."

"It's coming through now." Her voice was low for a woman, indicating she must be an older woman and had grown very tall before leaving Terra.  It was almost a motherly voice.  "Kion, why are you in a rented ship?"

"It's a long story. I'll tell you when we land."

"Very well, beacon is now on."

Kion checked his console. "I'm receiving the signal. We will be there shortly."

Dense orange fog passed outside the cockpit windows. It was steadily growing dark. Soon only blackness pushed through the windows as they passed to the night side. Kion was flying strictly by instrumentation now. The beacon was strong and straight ahead. Kion had the radar map overlaying the beacon signal. It outlined a very rough and confusing terrain.

Kimbra watched on her own display. "What does the infrared look like?"

With the trackball, Kion went to the operating system. He selected a few icons on his console then drug a copy over the co-pilot’s console icon. "It is now on your secondary display."

She clicked on the appropriate icon and the secondary display turned on. "All I see is fuzz," she responded.

"That's because of the soup out there," Deetmier interjected, pointing out the black window. "It is super cold and it absorbs any heat radiation."

Kion glanced back at Deetmier, trying not to show his annoyance. "The infrared can only see a few hundred cubics into the fog. Only on final approach will we see anything."

"Well it looks like you have everything under control here," Deetmier said now that the beautiful show of Celebrity was over. "I think I'll go back to the lounge and take a quick nap." He turned and left without waiting for a response.

“That’s all you do,” Kion mumbled glancing over his shoulder.

“Except annoy you,” Kimbra added.

 Kion nodded. He didn't like leaving Deetmier alone, but there was nothing he could do about it right now. He needed to stay here and monitor their approach. He didn’t want anyone else to memorize the base’s coordinates. He had them punched into the computer, but had not displayed them on his console. If Deetmier had access to the computer he might be able to find out what they were. There were no access terminals to the system outside the cockpit. Kion did not worry about Deetmier trying to do that. He had brought no equipment aboard, nor was there anything already here that he could use. However, there were lots of ways in which he could damage the ship.

Kion thought about asking Kimbra to keep an eye on him more than once, but each time decided against it. He didn’t want to risk her turning against him just when she was beginning to open up. He found himself wanting her companionship and knew he would miss her once he returned her to Terra. He was glad he would get to be with her on her next jungle excursion.

"We're about a hundred kilocubic from the base now," Kion told Kimbra. "We should begin to see something on the infrared."

A bright fuzzy blob slowly formed in the center of the screen. Soon it took the shape of a domed round building with four arms extending from it. The picture never became clear, but things were now recognizable.

Kion flew the Skysurfer to one of the arms. The roof slowly opened with a bright interior. He descended the ship into the maul gently landing with hardly a bump felt. The ceiling began to close. Kion shut the ship's power down to standby. He laid his head back on the headrest to relax. "We're here," he finally said, stating the obvious.

A roar penetrated the hull as huge pumps began sucking the air out of the bay. Celet's atmosphere was deadly to humans. As the pressure decrease other valves were opened and fresh Terran air rushed in.

Kion stood and turned to Kimbra. "I wish I could show you the facility, but my clan won't allow it. There will be guards posted outside the ship to insure no unauthorized entries."

She nodded once. "I understand."

Kion stepped from the cockpit in time to see Deetmier coming from the cargo hold. "How soon can we have the cargo loaded?" Deetmier asked.

Kion stopped at the airlock. "Keep in mind this is not a normally scheduled stop. We will only be able to take what is available." Kion wasn't about to suggest waiting while more Celet crystals could be grown. It would run passed his indentured service. Fortunately, he doubted the Moricron would want that either. If Kion's service went beyond the allotted time, then Moricron would have to pay for his services beyond it. It would also opened a whole bunch of other options that Kion could take, one of which was abandoning Moricron’s cargo and personal on Celet. Kion knew he would not want that. He then would be forced to pay the Borman clan to ship them elsewhere at any price the Bormans wanted. And Moricron wouldn’t be allowed to send a ship here to pick them up either.

"I just hope for your sake," Deetmier responded, "that it will be a full load. Moricron will be very displeased otherwise."

"Just stay aboard the Skysurfer," Kion warned as he stepped into the airlock. He sealed the door and waited for the pressure to raise to match that of Celet. Celet's atmosphere was even denser then Terra's. The ship had gradually raised its pressure during descent to match, but hadn’t reached equilibrium yet. The light turned green within seconds and Kion stepped through the outer airlock hatch. He locked it with a new code. He knew if Deetmier wanted off the ship this wouldn't stop him, but it might slow him down. Two men dressed in the blue and gray security uniform of the Borman clan stepped into the bay. Kion knew them by sight and stopped only long enough to inform them of his two passengers.

*   *   *

Moricron slammed his fist into the chair's arm. He just finished reading the latest test results. His scientists still hadn't found the material the Bormans were using to create this so called gravity spike. It was the key element in the new interstellar engine they were developing. It was a manufactured product, he knew, but the Bormans have managed to keep its process and ingredients secret. The knowledge Moricron's scientist had learned with the development of the quantum exciter was of no use. It worked on a completely different principal though it did  effect the universe on the quantum level as well.

Dormuth entered the grand hall unannounced. "Good news Chief," he said to Moricron. Moricron was staring angrily out the panoramic window. His jaw clinched.

"Good," Moricron grumbled. His voice booming across the room.  "I can use some."

"Your daughter has landed on Celet and her part of the operation will soon be over."

The corner of Moricron's mouth turned up. "The Bormans deserve what's coming to them."

"Yes, Chief," Dormuth agreed. "Even the elders who strongly oppose you recognize the benefit."

This gave Moricron a smile. "And in so doing, they would be conceding all authority to me. I will become the unrefuted leader of the Maheel clan."

"As I have aspired to all along," Dormuth said.

Moricron spun his throne to face Dormuth. "You need not remind me of the role you played in my ascension to power," Moricron reproved.  "I shall never forget it."

Dormuth nodded once. "That was not my intent," though it was, "I merely was making a statement of support."

"Surely my daughter landing on Celet isn’t all the good news you have to bring."

"Our contacts have learned that the Borman's have just completed tests on the interstellar ship’s impeller drive. It handled exactly as expected. They also have a date when the interstellar drive will be completed."

Moricron sat forward in his chair. "Good! Indeed, very good! Are our forces ready?"

"They will be by then."

Moricron gave a broad grin. “Good, make sure they take the ship the night before the first test flight.” By then even their highly classified components would be installed. Moricron was determined to learn what they were, one way or another.

*   *   *

“The shipment is ready,” Kion announced after entering through the airlock.

“Good,” Kimbra said. This meant they would soon leave for Alantet, there last stop. She would get her clan release statements then would head back to Terra with Kion. How she waited for that day! She hadn’t asked him yet, but if he truly felt the way he said, he wouldn’t refuse. She had decided if she should offer to pay for her passage. She was hesitant to asked. She didn’t know if he would be insulted. She would use a Maheel ship if she had too, but she wanted to break any ties to the old clan as soon as possible.

“Is it a full load,” Deetmier demanded, putting his hands on his hips.

“Full enough,” Kion sharply returned. His chin dimple pulsed with every clinching of the jaw.

“How much?” Deetmier insisted.

“Sixty-eight percent,” Kion gave Deetmier a hard stare, daring him to say more.

“That will be sufficient,” Kimbra declared hoping to defuse the tension between the two men. Since they landed they have been at each other’s throats. Deetmier obviously wanted access to the base, or at least a tour as Deetmier put it, but Kion flatly refused. As much as she wanted to see the facility she understood why the Bormans wouldn’t allow it. Surely Deetmier could see that as well. He just wanted to cause Kion trouble. Why? Kimbra could only guess. “My father does not expect a full shipment. He understands your shipment timetables and the difficulties in making such a rare product.” She gave a hard stare at Deetmier.

Kion hid his surprise that she actually gave a shot at Deetmier. They will have the cryogenic unit here shortly.” Kion went back to the cargo hold. The others followed. He rechecked the restraints on the cargo they already had stowed aboard. He just wanted to make sure nothing had accidentally or intentionally came loose.  He turned to look at Deetmier.  I’m about to open the cargo hatch. There will be additional guards posted. I caution you they were instructed to shoot to kill if one foot of any passenger were to set foot off the ship.”

“Instructed by whom?” Deetmier’s meaning was clear.

“Not by me, I assure you.” Kion turned to the hatch’s keypad. He punched in the code and the door rumbled open. It stopped when it touched the ground forming a ramp.

Deetmier went to the opening a peered out. Four additional security personnel were posted around the dock. They had their eyes set on Deetmier. “I see its not just you, it’s your whole clan that’s paranoid.”

“Give it a rest!” Kimbra admonished.

Kion said nothing. He found himself hoping Deetmier would try something stupid. Then again, he thought further, Kimbra probably would try and stop him and they both would get killed. Kion wouldn’t want that.

Out on the dock, somewhere out of view, a hatch rumbled open. The whine of a tractor grew as it turned into view. It was pushing the freezer unit, set on its own set of wheels. He lined up with the ramp on his first attempt and professionally guided into the tight cargo bay.

Deetmier moved out of the way while Kion stood at one side of the opening.

Kion gave hand signals to help guide the unit into place. Kion gave the stop and cut sign. Only the front of the tractor made into the ship. The rest was still sitting on the ramp. The tractor operator stopped forward motion and released the unit in one smooth motion and backed out with haste as if he had other duties to perform. Kion locked down the cryogenic unit to the deck then took additional straps to secure the top to the low ceiling. He waved at the guards in view then went to keypad. He punched in a code and the hatch rumbled shut.

Deetmier inspected Kion’s work then peered into the small window of the freezer. “Celet crystals, Chief Moricron will have good use for these.”

Kion’s face reddened. He had as much of Deetmier as he could stand. He turned and left the cargo bay before he did something he would regret.


CHAPTER TEN

“Chief Elder Botrey will see you now.” The secretary said. Again there was no evidence that she had communicated with anyone.

“Thank you Miss.” Thomas spoke fluently. He hoped his irritation did not show. He entered the room without knocking. Ablelec and Botrey were both standing and ready to greet him. “On my home world we shake hands at first greeting.” Thomas said politely and held out his hand. He had decided to make the first move just because of the wait they had put him through. It would please him if it threw them off balance, even if it were just for a second.

Botrey looked at Thomas’ hand for a moment then extended his own. Thomas grabbed it, held it firmly, pumped his hand twice and let go.

“Interesting custom,” Botrey seemed more intrigued than puzzled. “Where did you say you were from?”

“We call the planet Saturn,” Thomas smiled behind his beard, thinking quickly. He had chosen that name because it most closely resembled Saturn and was in a similar orbit. He decided to make an assumption that it had similar moons as well. They were getting into more detail than they had discussed, but he would stick with the general script. “Our clan was one of the first to leave Terra, but our ship had malfunctioned and put us in an outward bound course. Fortunately, we were able to alter course enough to bring us into Saturn’s gravity well. We considered ourselves lucky to safely crash on one of the larger moons without losing integrity of the ship. With the equipment we carried with us and the resources we found on the moon, we were able sustain and improve our conditions. Until recently we weren’t able to leave the moon.”

“Why didn’t you radio for help?”

“The chief elder at the time wouldn’t hear of it. After, all, we were leaving Terra to establish our own world. We wanted no outside interference.”

“But now you are seeking contact?”

“Yes,” Thomas paused as if he was with holding some information, but was really trying to think something up. “Let’s just say it has been a long time and leadership has changed their policy.”

 Botrey nodded as if he understood. Perhaps all clans had their internal struggles. Thomas had suspected this was so.

“So sum it up,” Botrey added, ”you came here, had trouble with your ship and have agreed to go into a trade partnership with us in exchange for equipment to make your ship operational.”

“Correct, and once our ship is operational again, we will take word back to our Chief Elder the news of a successful mission.” Thomas lied. “At that point we will begin to fill the cargo ship that is nearly completed, with goods that you deem profitable to both of our clans.”

“I would like to send a Clan representative with you.” Botrey smiled pleasantly. Of course he would be more than just that. “Would that be acceptable to you?”

Thomas hadn’t thought of that. Bringing back a hostage would be proof to his country of this mission and add credibility to his claims. Pictorial data would only go so far, it could easily be forged, but to have a giant human as an example…would certainly complicate things such as taking control of the ship. “Yes, an excellent idea, but I would have to clear it with the ship’s captain first.” Thomas said to add believability. “Understand, I am in charge of the mission, but he is responsible for the ship.” 


“Indeed I do understand.” Botrey claimed. “Now let’s take a look at the merchandise samples that you brought.”

*   *   *

The rumble of the roof opening penetrated the hull of the Skysurfer. Kion watched out the cockpit. Misty haze swirled down from the dark domain above. The fog swallowed the light from the flood lamps that were evenly spaced around the perimeter of the landing bay. Their brightness had been reduced to that of primitive oil lamps. With the white reflective ceiling open, Celet’s dark night atmosphere seemed to suck up light as if it were a vacuum.

Kion was preparing the ship to lift into that black maul, glad to be leaving. He would be happier still when he got above Celet's dark depressing atmosphere to where the stars brightly shone with Celet's mother planet, Celebrity, displaying her majesty.

"Where's Deetmier?" Kion asked Kimbra, marking off a step in the preflight list. He didn’t really care. He just figured Deetmier would have come to the cockpit just to annoy him further.

Kimbra was sitting in the co-pilot's seat, wearing one of her revealing outfits. This one was an orange and black striped fur of a giant toothed tree cat. She had worn it before, but Kion still liked the purple outfit best.

"In the bunk, sleeping," Kimbra answered.

"Just as well," Kion replied. "He has done nothing, but complain since we landed.”

Kimbra nodded. She had gotten annoyed with him as well. He treated her as if she were still a child that needed supervision. At first she assumed it was due to her father’s influence, but he was too arrogant for it to be just that. And he obviously wasn’t thinking of her just as a play thing when he suggested she go to be with him. She glanced over at Kion running through his check list. Kion certainly had a refreshing moral character. He still hadn’t made any advances.

A minute later the final preflight checks were finished. Kion switched on the console radio and opened a comm channel. "We are ready to lift."

"Take care, Kion." The deep voice was that of the same woman that had greeted them upon their arrival. "Lift when ready."

The impeller drive hummed to life and Kion slowly lifted the ship straight up and into the darkness. "We are clear of the bay doors," he informed the base. "See you next time around." He didn't know when that would be. He still hoped to take that vacation when he got back to Terra. He glanced over at Kimbra, if things went right, with her, maybe even longer.

Darkness now filled the cockpit windows. Kion nudged the ship into forward flight by instrumentation only. Suddenly an alarm sounded and a hissing sound started that Kion could only make out to be a sound the airlock would make while purging air.

"What is it?" Kimbra said, checking the co-pilot's console. She found nothing wrong with engines or any of the major systems.

"Airlock," Kion responded. He scanned through several schematics with one eye and watched his flight instruments with the other. Now that they were clear of the base, the ship began to pick up speed. "Looks like a control panel failure." He unbuckled his seat restraints and flipped a few switches.  "You now have flight controls.  Keep us on the present heading."

Kimbra was about to ask him a question. Then said, "understood," when she realized that he was going to check out the airlock.

Kion passed through the cockpit door in time to see Deetmier sit down in the recliner. "I thought you were asleep."

"I was," he said, “that noise you’re making woke me.”

The hissing sound stopped. As suspected, the sound had come from the airlock.

Kion frowned and turned to inspect the airlock controls. A yellow indictor light was on. Something unusual had happened. Though the airlock was near the cockpit, its hatch was not visible from there. This disturbed Kion. Deetmier could have accessed the airlock and they never would have been able to see it. Besides, if he had, the cockpit indicators would have informed him of any status changes, unless ... Kion glanced back at Deetmier then turned back to the control panel.

Kion inspected the panel more closely. There was no sign of tampering or forced entry into the panel. He opened the panel with an access key. Still no sign of tampering. He powered the unit off then back on, resetting the unit.  The light went off. He couldn't find anything wrong, but something had caused the airlock to cycle.

"What's wrong?" Deetmier asked.

"The airlock is acting up," Kion said as casually as possible. He didn't want Deetmier to think he suspected him of anything.

"Oh, so you weren’t making that noise on purpose," Deetmier said. His voice had a hint of sarcasm.

"Hmm," holding his anger, Kion went back to the cockpit. He didn't trust Deetmier and could think of no good reason why he would want to mess with the airlock.

Skysurfer suddenly broke clear of the murky atmosphere of Celet. To the far right glowed Celebrity, her beautiful rings as bright as ever. The sun, dim and small, was straight ahead. Leaving the gravity well of Celet, the ship began to accelerate even faster. Kion watched the orange ball of Celet on his monitor. He stared at Celet’s image while he sorted through what was disturbing him. By now Celet had shrunk to the size of a coin on his screen. He switched it to a higher magnification, filling the screen once again. The source of his unease was the airlock event and the timing of Deetmier sitting.

Kion studied the monitor, contemplating. Suddenly, a flash of light on Celet’s night side caught his attention. It formed into a ball and mushroom up through the moon’s dark atmosphere.

"What the…" Kion replayed the image and magnified it even more. He leaned closer to the screen. No doubt now, it certainly was a mushroom cloud. He didn’t like where that cloud was. He switched back to the live image. The atmosphere was dark again. Only a hint of disturbance could be seen.

"Something wrong?" Kimbra noticed his intent stare and fast movements with the trackball.

Kion looked over to her. "I hope nothing," but his voice said differently. He flipped on the radio. "Celet base, this is Kion Borman on board Skysurfer, do you read me." He waited a moment or two then repeated his call.

Still no answer.

Again.

No answer.

Kion look severely at Kimbra. "Turn us around. Take us back to Celet. I hope you will not attempt to interfere with what I'm about to do." His hard face said it all. His dimple set deeply in his chin. "This is a clan thing and has nothing to do with you personally and hope you won’t hold it against me."

"What are you going to do?"

Kion reached under his seat, unlocked a storage compartment and pulled out a laser pistol. He had put it there shortly after Deetmier came aboard. He hadn’t expected to use it, but now was glad that he had taken that precaution. "Don't ask, it will be better for you not to know until after the fact." He didn't give her a chance to answer. He moved faster than she had ever seen him move.

Kimbra obeyed Kion's orders. She turned the ship back for Celet trying not to hear the conversation in the next room.

Kion jumped into the room with pistol aimed. Deetmier was setting in the recliner listening to the rough music from Alantet. He was caught by surprise.

"Up!" Kion ordered. "And slowly, I will happily use this if I am forced to." With a puzzled look, Deetmier reached to turn off the music.  "No!" Kion warned. "I said stand and put your hands in the air where I can see them."

"Okay, okay," Deetmier said, standing, holding his palms forward. "What has prompted you to take such action? I haven't been causing you any trouble." His voice had lost all of its sarcasm.

"Just shut up." Kion wave the gun toward the back corridor. "To the bunk."

"This is totally unnecessary," Deetmier objected, obeying Kion's orders.

Kion followed a few paces behind, staying out of Deetmier's reach. Deetmier worked for Maheel clan's intellegence. Kion wasn't going to under estimate him. In fact, Kion was surprised that Deetmier hadn't been prepared for this action if he had done what he suspected. Then again, Deetmier may have under estimated Kion. Deetmier may have not expected him to either notice or react so quickly. Whatever the reason, it didn't matter. Kion still needed to be careful.

Deetmier entered the cramped bunkroom. Kion waited at the door. "Now lay face down, with your hands behind your head."

"I protest!" Deetmier grumble. His hand started for a pocket. "Moricron will hear of this!"

"Do it and I'll shoot you dead."

Deetmier raised his hand back into the air. He acted as if he hadn’t tried anything.

“In that bunk, now!”

Deetmier grumbled something under his breath, but he did obey. Kion carefully watched him lay, putting his hands on his head. Kion opened a storage locker. "Don't try it," Kion warned, watching Deetmier's hand twitch. Kion quickly glanced into the locker and grabbed some cargo straps that hung there.

Deetmier moved his hand from behind his head. Kion shot the pistol with the quick aim that his clan had taught him. Kion raised a brow and smiled to himself. The beam had actually nicked the side of Deetmier's outreached hand.

Deetmier flinched in pain.

"Nice try," Kion said. "Now put it back behind your head and leave it there or the next one will be through your heart."

Deetmier placed the hand to the back of his head. Blood oozed from the wound and ran down his neck He was silent for a change.

Kion put his knee in the small of Deetmier's back. He placed the pistol just under Deetmier’s left shoulder blade. With his free hand he looped a strap around one wrest then the other. He then stretched Deetmier’s arms over his head and secured both hands to the bunk frame. He then did the same to both legs, careful not to give Deetmier a chance to kick him.

Kion then searched Deetmier's body carefully. He found a knife, a miniature laser pistol and a needle kit with unmark vials. "I must have surprised you," Kion said. "You certainly aren't a simple messenger boy, as you claim." He gave the word ‘boy’ a negative connotation.

Deetmier remained silent.

Kion searched the locker for better restraints and found some metal cable ties. They were used to secure huge crates such as cryogenic units for the Celet crystals. They would work perfectly. Deetmier would not be able to work his way out of those no matter how much time he had.

Kion finished up then returned to the cockpit. "I have Deetmier detained in the bunk," he explained to Kimbra. "I hope you don't have a problem with that." He looked out the cockpit to find the dull orange glow of Celet filling the view. They were close to entering the atmosphere.

"My father will," she warned not answering the question, but her voice held no anger or contempt. She was silent for a moment then said, "I have been trying to hail your base, but they refuse to answer."

"They would if they could."

"What do you think happened?" Her brows rose in concern.

"An explosion of massive proportion."

They locked eyes. "A nuclear explosion? Why would you believe that?" Kimbra couldn't believe her family would resort to such a tactic. Why would they even want too?

“I saw the flash.” Kion gravely nodded. Kion tilted his head toward the back, indicating Deetmier. "He had to have done it. It would certainly explain the airlock malfunction."

"How can you be certain?" All this seemed impossible to Kimbra. Her clan would not be so cruel, or so she thought.

"After we check the base out we'll open those crates that we hand carried from Quadet." His fingers rolled the trackball. “Take a look,” he said, replaying the video on Kimbra’s console. He had put it in an endless loop.

Kimbra watched the video over and over. Her expression turned from puzzlement to amazement then to horror.

The ship entered the atmosphere, reached the dark side and Kion began flying on instrumentation only.

"But neither crate was large enough to carry a bomb of that magnitude," Kimbra hoped, stopping the video.

"But both together would."

Kimbra reluctantly nodded. Kion could be right and it had to be checked out. Yet, deep in her heart she knew he was right. The image still replayed itself in her mind, the flash and the top of a mushrooming cloud. She knew her father could be stern and hardnosed, but never would she have thought he to be so cruel.

Kion monitored his instruments intently, looking for any sign of life as they flew to the coordinates of the base. There wasn't a hint of any radio transmissions, no beacon, nothing. Kimbra repeatedly hailed them on the radio to no avail.

Kion checked the infrared. He didn't expect to see anything, they were still too far away. Yet, a large fuzzy blip appeared. Kion checked the coordinates, the blip was right where the base should be. The atmosphere was extremely hot now in that area. His heart sunk. This confirmed what he had suspected.

Kion flipped on the recorders. He wanted to document what he found. The Skysurfer was approaching the hot spot. It now filled the infrared screen. He watched the back ground radiation slowly increase. This in itself was unusual. Suddenly, the radiation spiked off the scale and the outside temperature soared. Kion pulled the ship out before damage could occur.

Before leaving Celet, he mapped the entire area of destruction. He wanted as much evidence as he could find to use against the Maheel clan. The Borman's would definitely send this to clan council for resolution. His opinion of Kimbra went up another notch. She hadn't protested once.

There wasn't anything more he could do here. He couldn’t pick up survivors. There were none. He couldn't even bring home the dead bodies. They were vaporized along with everything else at the base. He grimly turned the ship for space. The darkness here even seemed darker, though Kion knew that was an impossibility.  Clearing the cloud layer and having the bright stars and Celebrity shine through the cockpit didn't even lighten his mood.

Kion set course and put the ship on auto-pilot. "Let's check in on my prisoner," he said, not caring if it bothered Kimbra. After all, he was detaining one of her clan members. She had every reason to be angry.

Kimbra simply nodded solemnly and followed Kion out the cockpit.

 Kion stopped at the bunkroom's door and looked in. Deetmier appeared to still be secured. He was still laying face down, as before. Kion entered the room and checked his straps anyway. They were still tight with no signs of tampering, although Deetmier’s wrist had been rubbed raw. "I'm sure you will be pleased to know that your mission was completely successful." Kion hoped to bait him into saying something he could use against him.

 "What are you talking about?" Deetmier's voice was muffled. He was forced to talk through the mattress.

"The nuclear explosion at the Celet base."

Deetmier made an attempt to shrug as if he didn’t know and didn’t care. "If it's true," he mumbled, "I had nothing to do with it. The base's power plant could have blown." He offered in return.

"Unlikely," Kion responded. "You better hope those two crates that we hand carried aboard from Quadet are full. That was the only possible way a bomb like that could have gotten aboard." The rest had been checked at the customs station at Quadet’s spaceport. Surely Moricron would have known he would figure it out. Then again, the bomb could have exploded prematurely. Deetmier could have screwed up. At any rate, Kion realized that they were lucky to have noticed the explosion, otherwise Deetmier would still be free.

Kion somberly turned to leave.

“I’ll be with you in a minute,” Kimbra said. She had been watching at the door.

Kion stopped and looked back to her. What was she planning? She hadn’t given him any indication one way or the other. Surely, if she was going to object, she would have done it by now. He didn’t know how to put into words what he wanted to ask her. Well, not in any way that she wouldn’t take as being an accusation. He was about to ask anyway when she spoke first.

“I just want to talk to him for a moment.” Her face had reddened as if she had seen it in his eyes.

Kion nodded. “Sorry I doubted you.” He left without looking back. If she was going to help Deetmier, she might as well start now. He’ll keep a pistol nearby until he learned different.

Deetmier turned his head so he could see Kimbra. “Good, now release me.”

Kimbra took one step closer. “How could you!” Her voice was low and deadly.

“I did nothing!”

Kimbra kicked the bunk, venting her anger. Her foot throbbed in return. She never consciously noticed the pain. She was too angry. She felt like clubbing Deetmier over the head. She knew he was lying. “Don’t give me that crap.” She pounded on the locker by the bed. “You did it and we all know it!”

“Listen Kimbra, I am a loyal clan member,” he returned, not denying her statement. “If you are loyal to your father, release me now.”

“I can never be loyal to murderers!” She cherished life, of any kind, too much. This time she kicked the locker with a loud bang. She gave Deetmier one last hard look and stormed from the room. Her flush face had a tear running down her cheek.

She stomped down the corridor contemplating her fate. She was abandoning her clan without any hope of getting a release statement. She felt totally on her own. Even the Zethm clan may shy away from her now.

She stopped at the cargo hold’s hatch and peered in. She had no option now. She had to stick with Kion as long as he would have her. She thought she would never be dependent on a man. If she had her way she wouldn’t. Now she was placing her fate into a man she has known for less than a month.

Kion looked up from an open crate and shook his head. “Empty.” He was examining the box to determine how they managed to hide the real contents. The boxes outer layer was thick. The key had to be in the linings.

Kimbra nodded once as if she already knew they would be empty. Another tear ran down her cheek and fell onto her breast.

Kion embraced her to comfort her. He no longer wondered what her decision was. She had picked the moral high ground. He suddenly realized what her actions would do to her standing in her clan. She would be an outcast with no one to turn to, no place to go. Her life could even be threatened. He would do everything in his power to keep her safe. But how? His life wasn’t any more secure than hers with Moricron the head of the Maheel clan.

*   *   *

Sandra was glad that night was over. Early in the morning they had startled a herd of animals that Zethec called Trumpeteers. She understood where that name came from the moment they had emitted musical notes that were so loud that it was deafening. They ran off in fright, fortunately, the flashing lights kept them clear of the camp. At dawn they weren’t quite as lucky, a couple of animals that looked like giant three horned rhinos came snooping into camp. They nearly knocked over the wagon and spilled some for wood on the ground before finally moving on. Zethec had called them Trihorns.

They were now traveling on a paved road that appears to have not been maintained in years. It had pot holes and the edges had crumbled away. In some areas it appeared to have been torn up by wildlife. How odd for such an advanced civilization to have space flight. Did they not need the roads anymore?

After traveling the bumpy road another half a day, they finally reached the summit of a hill that Zethec said they would be able to see Central City from. Sandra was not disappointed. As they crested, hundreds of towers could clearly be seen, though they were still a great distance off. She could even see the great wall that surrounded the city. She could not see either end of it.  Supposedly there was a second wall being built, but she couldn’t see any signs of it. Also she could see small unwinged vehicles flying in and around the city. No wonder they don’t maintain the roads now. The influential people had no need for them. Ahead of them now she could see vast fields of crops. The road cut right through them. The closer they got the more signs of Humans she saw. Sandra saw some sort of harvester in one field then a few flying craft trying to round up some beast that had invaded another.

The reconnaissance photos of the larger cities now made sense. The larger cities had a perimeter wall built around to keep wild animals from invading their cities and food crops. Many of the cities out grew the walls and forced the crops outside. One city had two ring walls and building a third. She doubted this was it. It was on the far side of the continent. If she could confirm this city had a space port on the north side she was pretty certain which city this was. It was the only one with a space port inside a wall on this side of the continent. She had an idea where they crashed, but with the systems down at the time she couldn’t be certain. She watched the north side of the city for the hours it took to reach the city. She did indeed see what appeared to be two space craft land just inside the wall. This had to be the one she thought.

They reached the wall in the evening, about an hour before sunset. The road led to an open gate in the massive wall. A two story tower stood above that.  “The gates automatically close at night.” Zethec explained. “We will have time to find a place to stay before dark.”

The streets inside the wall were maintained and still used. It was an odd mix of motorized vehicles, all looked fairly old, and animals pulling wagons like the one they were using. Flying vehicles hummed overhead. Again, Sandra noticed, a strange mix of ancient and advanced culture. It was even reflected in the way people dressed too. Sandra’s own uniform wouldn’t be out of place here either, expect she was so short compared to them and most of them had the same pinkish glow to their skin as Zethec. The people here would know instantly they were off worlders. Zethec didn’t seem to mind, in fact he seemed proud to be associated with them.

Zethec turned the wagon into the lot of a building, with all appearances, looked like a barn with many closed garage doors. “We will store our wagon and Oxen here.” Zethec said. Oxen was the name of his beast of burden. “Our accommodations will be across the street. “

Sandra looked where he indicated, the building had several stories to it, though it was no skyscraper by any means. She hoped it had showers.

“Well so far I like what they call a city!” Andrew announced in English. “I hope the night life is as large as everything else. I’m ready for some R&R.”

“We are to stay together.” Sandra warned.

*   *   *

While Ablelec waited for the arrival of Zethec and the merchandise to arrive at Central City, he made reservations at the most convenient lodge for them to stay in. He and Thomas already had rooms arranged for their own arrival.

Thomas stayed in the room as instructed, but he kept himself busy learning everything he could about this civilization. The more information he could take back to his time, the greater reward. The house computer system gave him access to much of the data he was looking for. He could easily read their writing and learned how to do searches himself, though it was different from any system he knew. He picked up on it quickly.

He deduced that space flight started about six hundred years ago, mainly due to clan competition, loyalty and prestige. Many clans did indeed flee the world that they viewed as being corrupt and evil. Though he couldn’t pull up anything with technical writings, he did learn that their ships did operate on the basic principal as the Legacy in that they use a magnetic field imbalance to achieve motion. The method creating this field was different and he didn’t think it would ever be able to achieve time travel. They called it field effect or impeller drive.

He found many references that dated their civilization to have started about 2000 years ago. The lack of information before that began to confirm what he has been suspecting for a while. He smiled and mused to himself. He now felt confident that he could take the ship back home without the aid of anyone else. The less, the better, but of course he would wait to make his final move until after the ship was functional again.

Ablelec walked in the room. Thomas tried to casually shutdown the computer before Ablelec could see what he was reading up on. “I just spotted our group turn into the stable. They will be over shortly.”

“Great!” Thomas pretended. “I am anxious to see my clan members.” Thomas shutdown the computer and turned on the wall screen. A version of Terra’s television came on the screen. A program about violent clan disputes was playing. He had seen a different episode of this show yesterday. It reminded him of a gang movie only these were related by blood in some way.

The rest of the crew finally arrived. All of them set in the soft furniture. Bruce and Rena sat by each other on the oversized sofa.

“Are there showers here?” Sandra asked.

Thomas pointed. “Down the hall on the right.”

She grabbed her one clean uniform and took off without checking with anyone else. After the refreshing shower, she was ready to get something eat.

“It’s about time!” Andrew protested. “We’ve been ready for twenty minutes.”

Sandra looked over at Bruce and Rena, sitting together. They were scanning the different channels on the television. Zethec was now dressed similar to Ablelec though Ablelec was not here and Thomas had the computer on. He looked up from the screen and raised a brow. “Oh, sorry to have kept you waiting.” Sandra apologized.

“Do not worry.” Zethec answered. “All the establishments in the lower levels serve food all night.” Zethec wasn’t going to mention that his credit was limited so they wouldn’t be able to visit any of the eloquent restaurants in the upper levels of the city. He knew he should be happy with the credit that the clan did give him.

“I’ll pick the place.” Andrew stated as he headed out the door. The others followed leaving the television on. Andrew stopped outside and scanned the parking lot. It was filled mostly with ground vehicles with four wheels, all appeared old. “Which vehicle is ours?” He asked Zethec.

Zethec pointed to an old red one. “The red Zorran. It should accommodate us all.” The car was as large by Earth standards, but here on Terra it was considered small. All six of them could fit in it because the car was designed for the local giants. Zethec got behind the wheel.

They drove off. The car had the hum of an electrical car. Sandra wondered what kind of power source it had. She watched the store fronts as they drove by, most looked like typical retail stores that sold various products. She didn’t have a clue what some were. Most of the restaurants they past looked like dumpy strip joints.

“That one,” Andrew insisted. “Pull in there.” It too looked like a strip club, but it at least looked larger and better kept.

Sandra didn’t like it. If Bruce or Rena didn’t protest, she wouldn’t either. She was hungry and appearances could be deceiving. She looked at Zethec, he didn’t seem to care one way or another.

The car wined to a stop. They went in with Andrew leading the way. Sandra found herself walking beside Thomas and quickly forgot her dislike of him. Two females and one male dancer twisted around the stage, making obscene movements with one another. All three were completely naked and the fast beat music was loud and sounded electronically produced.

They sat at an empty table. A circle of dim yellow light illuminated each table. It was just enough to read the menus on the table. Though Andrew new a little of the Tarren language, Bruce and Rena still didn’t understand any of it or their writing so Sandra gave them a brief description of the main selections. Only a few had any meat at all and they were what Sandra translated as beef and sheep. “I’m not sure what we’ll get, but I’m ordering the beef.” She tried to smile. She just didn’t like the place. How could she with naked people all over the place. Even the waitresses were topless or wore see through dresses.

They ordered their meals. They came with a choice of flavored water or alcoholic beverage. Soft drinks did not exist. The drinks came right away, but the meals came as slow as Sandra had expected in a joint like this. When it did come her meal actually did taste like beef, though is seemed richer and more flavorful. It also had less fat. Everyone seemed content with their selection. Especially those who choose to drink the liquor, they seemed to relish the quality. Andrew already acted drunk.

Once Andrew finished his meal he left the table and disappeared in the crowd. Sandra saw him once talking to a topless women a good foot and a half taller than him. Her breast were twice the size as well and he clearly kept an eye on them

Thomas leaned back in his chair and observed the obscene activities on stage. Zethec had done the same, neither man seemed troubled, in fact seemed to enjoy it. Bruce and Rena talked among themselves, leaving Sandra sitting there feeling alone. After a while Sandra finally said to Zethec, “Shouldn’t we be getting back to our hotel. Your clan will be checking out our merchandise in the morning, right?”

Just as Zethec leaned forward to speak an argument broke out a few tables over. Suddenly shots sounded and the whole room became a chaotic scramble. More fights broke out as people scurried about. “Under the table!” Abdul ordered.

The lights went out and the music stopped. “No one move.” A voice over the sound system said, then suddenly all the lights were turn full on. Sandra was temporarily blinded as local peace enforcement rushed into the room. Zethec said, “Do not resist, it will make matters worse. Go with them.”

“Smart words man,” said a policeman as he grabbed them by the arm and hulled them out.

*   *   *

"All sites around the world have reported their systems are ready," the technician reported to Professor Keyler.

The scientist nodded once and turned to Moricron. "Chief all systems are a go. Shell we proceed with the test?"

"Yes," Moricron bellowed. He stood in the main command center of the quantum exciter. He refused to show his excitement with the project. If this worked they would be ready to proceed with installing the long range transducer panels.

"Bring all accelerators to full power," Keyler barked. The gray haired man walked from console to console, looking over the shoulder of each tech.

"All accelerators running at full," one tech said.

"Quark production ramping to full capacity," another tech said.

Professor Keyler paused at one of the consoles, looking over the tech's shoulder. "Bring transducers online." He watched the main display. An array of lights turned from yellow to green, one after another.

Once they were all green another tech announced, "all stations report that transducers are focused and ready." They were aiming their energy to the core of Alantet.

"Start the quark flow," Keyler, the lead scientist announced. "Post all accelerator capacities on the main display by each transducer status. Move core temperature readings to center, top." He watched the display changes take place. Numbers popped up beside each green light.

"Well?" Moricron said after watching the core temperature readings for a few minutes. "Nothing is happening."

"Alantet is almost as large as Terra," the scientist explained. "It will take a bit longer before we will see any results."

Moricron said nothing more, but continued to watch the readings. Then, suddenly one or two readings changed a point. Then a few others and then all the reading sites buried within Alantet’s crust showed small temperature increases. It was working. They could heat Alantet from the inside out to reach the comfortable temperatures of Terra herself! The system would have to be carefully regulated and monitored to prevent unwanted effects, but this proved the theory.

"Begin phase two," Keyler announced with a smile. "Let's see how hard it is to maintain a constant temperature." The core temperature still wasn't up where it needed to be for the surface to have the pleasant temperatures of Terra. In fact no change at all was detected on Alantet’s surface, but they had raised the core temperature high enough to prove the concept.

Moricron was satisfied. He turned to leave. "Inform me when this test is complete. Then shut it down and begin immediate installation of the new transducer panels."

Only after he left the building did Moricron allow a smile to appear on his face. Terra will bow to his wishes or it will see its doom.

*   *   *

Hours later, Dormuth stood with Moricron in front of the wall of windows. He was visualizing how the quantum exciter would change the landscape. The snow would vanish from even the mountains, with the exception of the highest peaks, and be replaced with lush forests. This had been a vision he shared with Moricron from the start of the Alantet war. This was one of the reasons he had supported Moricron when Orgid died. He had believed the quantum exciter could be a reality. Now it was and Alantet could become a tropical paradise.

“Do you really intend on using it as a weapon?” Dormuth asked Moricron after standing in the office silently for quite some time. He had to confront Moricron with this no matter how angry he got. Many of the elders had voiced their concern. Some were beginning to say that Moricron has become unstable. His quest for dominance has become obsessive.

Moricron looked sharply at Dormuth. “Are you questioning my authority?”

“No, not at all,” Dormuth answered. “It’s just the plan you had discussed with the elders had no mention of using the quantum exciter as an ultimate weapon. The only plans they are aware of are those to use that Borman servant to reveal the location of the Celet base so we could take it for ourselves.”

A slight smile appeared on Moricron’s chiseled face. “Unfortunately that wasn’t possible and the alternate plans had to be activated.”

Dormuth examined the Chief Elder closely. How could he know? They hadn’t heard anything since Deetmier boarded the Skysurfer. And he knew of only one alternative plan. “So the base is destroyed?”

The corner of Moricron’s mouth twitched again.  “We will know for certain in a few days when they arrive.”

Dormuth didn’t like the way he said it. Was the destruction of the Celet base Moricron’s goal from the start? That would explain his drive to turn the exciter into a weapon. Dormuth was beginning to wonder how much information Moricron was sharing with him. How far outside the loop had he become? “You know when the Borman hear of this, they will retaliate.”

Moricron gave a slight shrug. “It will take them a month or more before they figure out what happened. And if the do, they will have no proof that we were the cause. Besides, they will have other reasons to be upset.”

Dormuth simply nodded. He had to be referring to the interstellar ship. He still hadn’t answered his original question. “So, will you use the quantum exciter as a weapon?” He quietly asked again, “what will I tell the elders.”

Moricron gazed out at the landscape for a moment. For once he did not appear angry. He seemed calm and refined, at least until the sinister smile grew on his face. “Only if I have to, only if I have to.” He never looked a Dormuth.

Dormuth examined Moricron’s face briefly before leaving without speaking another word. His stomach twisted. He acted as if it was a certainty. The elders will not like the implications.


CHAPTER ELEVEN

Kion considered going directly back to Terra with his saboteur to see justice done. However, his indentured status required him to obey Moricron's orders. As per his flight schedule, he had to personally deliver his cargo to Alantet. He would be late. This could cause his service to Moricron to be extended. He would fight that at clan council if he had too. He felt the council would consider his reasons honorable and just.  After all he did turn back to rescue any survivors at the Celet disaster.  He had to win if this case went to council. He really believed it wouldn’t go that far with the things he had planned.

Kion contacted his clan using their reserved coded channel.  He informed them of the situation on Celet and asked for a ship to rendezvous with his. It would make him a week later than he already was. He smiled. Moricron would not like it, would not like it at all. Especially when he learned the entire story and he won’t know that until Kion told him. He planned to do that after the delivery.

*   *   *

Sandra found herself in a crowded cell with everyone the local cops had caught. She found Zethec, Thomas, Bruce and Rena, but Andrew was nowhere to be found. They stayed together in one corner of the cell. “How long will we have to stay here?” Sandra asked.

“I was able to contact Ablelec before they confiscated my phone,” Zethec said. “But it will take a clan elder to get us out of jail.” He paused. “Even then we will have to face a Board of Elders before we can be cleared of any wrong doing.”

“Surely they have video records of the evening.” Thomas interjected.

“They will, but will it clearly show our innocence is the questions.” Zethec said.

“Surely it will.” Sandra replied. “We stick out like a sore thumb.”

Zethec cocked his head. “Sore thumb?”

Hours later Ablelec showed up will a clan elder and got them released under his supervision. By the time they reached the hotel it was the next morning.

Buel Imul, the clan elder that got them released from jail, had a salt and pepper beard and dark hair. He wore a yellow silk suit. He informed them that any dealings would be postponed until the legal matter was settled and that their merchandise was placed in a secure location.

“This is an outrage!” Thomas protested. “You could be dismantling our equipment now and take anything you gleaned from it.” That would indeed jeopardize getting the ship’s power restored and getting back home. He still intended on getting the ship back to his home country and being a national hero.

“Relax,” Ablelec said. “you will be allowed to inspect the merchandise. We do not intend to break the contract with you.” That was one of the things that had gotten him into trouble in the past and shamed his entire clan. No, he would not let that happen again, being stuck out in the wilderness for the last forty-five years has taught him plenty. He wasn’t going to blow this chance to get back into good graces. “My own reputation is at risk here too.” He shrugged. “Besides if we tried to bargain now, we would only get a third of the value, knowing we had the legal matter over our head. It is best for you and your broker to wait.”

“What about Andrew?” Sandra asked. She didn’t like the man, but didn’t want any harm to come to him either.

“We don’t know what happened to him.” Buel, the elder clansman answered. “We have all of our resources looking for him.” The last thing they wanted was for other clans to get word of the off worlders. Hard telling what they may do to prevent this contract from being fulfilled. They would take everything they could and leave his clan high and dry.

“Maybe he got away.” Sandra commented.

“If so wouldn’t he have beat us here.” Thomas added.

Sandra thought for a moment. “If that’s what he wanted, but I’m not sure he would have come back. As far as I know he may be with a new friend as we speak.”

Thomas nodded getting the point.

*   *   *

Chief Elder Moricron Maheel pushed a button on the large Mahogany colored desk, on the planet Alantet. His office was similar to Chief Elder Botrey Imul’s office, only it was larger and fancier. He made sure of that. The two clans have been in stiff competition for generations. “Yes,” he spoke into the intercom.

“Dormuth is here to see you.” The female voice replied

“Good, send him in.” The door opened immediately. “What are your findings.” Moricron did not stand. He only looked up.

 “Well he speaks only a limited amount of the native Terran tongue. He is unusually short and has the body of a three hundred year old. His DNA is so degenerated indicating generations of in breeding within the same clan.”

“So the story that they were isolated for five hundred years could be true?” Moricron asked.

“Very likely, and judging from his physical condition and DNA data. I’d say they have very short lives with a new generation created every twenty years or less.”

“Which means forty-five generations removed from the Terran gene pool.” Commented Moricron.

“The DNA could suggest even more.” Dormuth added.

Moricron nodded. So the Imul clan stumbled onto something. Now what was he going to do about it? It may not matter if he had to use the quantum exciter. His anger started to boil up as he thought on all the ramifications it could make with his overall plans. He settled down when he came to the conclusion that all the alternatives were unlikely or wouldn’t make a difference in his plans, but he always wanted alternatives. He would turn this set of events into opportunities. “What has the man revealed about getting here?”

“Nothing that we don’t already know. That they have made contact with Imul clan out in the wilderness where the Ablelec brothers were banished for their crimes forty-five years ago.” Dormuth shrugged. “We could send out a search party to locate the ship.”


Moricron shook his head, that would be too obvious. “No, put a locator in his nasal passage. We’ll just keep an eye on him and the rest of his party. They’ll lead us to it.” He paused for a moment. “Put him in a drug induced hypnosis, give him a good memory with that woman, then release him.” The corner of his mouth turned up. The man wouldn’t even remember being imprisoned. “Let’s see what he’ll do next.”

 Moricron knew he would have to send out more agents to find out what they are selling and what they want. It may prove to be worth the resources. How the ship landed on Terra with being detected by only one telemetry report is what intrigued him. He wanted to know its technology. He smiled an evil smile. “The rest of the party will have to face a Board of Elders, make sure we have one of our elders on that board.” Perhaps he wouldn’t have to learn the secrets of the Borman ship after all.

Dormuth nodded once. “I believe that can be arranged.”

“You have your orders.”

Upon hearing the dismissal, Dormuth bowed his head once, turned abruptly and left the office.

*   *   *

Buel Imul took Zethec and the Americans to one of the tall stone towers for their review by a Board of Elders. Sandra viewed this building as the Terran’s version of a courthouse. This building was totally dedicated to civil and criminal violations. The elder led them to a waiting area on the sixty-eighth floor. They sat for three hours before being called in. Zethec had reviewed with the Americans the proceedings so they knew what to expect. They walked in with Buel leading the way and stood before a five panel review board. The five elders sat on a raised platform behind a large Mahogany colored bench. All five had graying hair to one degree or another. “Case 10988549, Imul Clan involvement on Incident 98450699,” Buel announced. “Reporting as required. The accused are as follows Zethec of the Imul Clan, Thomas, Sandra, Bruce and Rena, representatives of an off world clan called the Americans.” Buel now begun his introduction as custom. “Honored Elders, with the exception of Zethec, the people before you are from a moon that circles our seventh planet, Celebrity, they call Saturn. They have been isolated there for five hundred years and now are here to open connections between our people and theirs.

“The incident that they unfortunately had to witness, was not of there doing nor did they participate in it.” Buel paused for a moment. “Each one here is under my supervision and has professed innocents on all charges.”

The oldest looking one of the five elders spoke. “So they admit to being there at the time.”

“Yes Honored Elder.”

“But they claim innocents?”

“Yes Honored Elder.”

“Let’s review the videos and see how innocent they are.” The board member pushed a button and the wall to their left came to life.  Sandra could clearly see themselves sitting at a table in the foreground. “This frame is seconds before the incident took place.” He pushed another button. “Let’s zoom in on table ten.” The picture magnified to another table behind them. Sitting at that table was Andrew with a topless woman. “This is where the incident began.” He pushed another button and the next frame appeared, then the next, one after the other, holding on each frame about a second each. A woman with her back to the camera moved into the center of the picture and blocked the view of Andrew. At that moment, Andrew started scuffling with someone else, but the view did not show how it started. Both men threw punches. The other person pulled out a weapon. Andrew was out of view now and several shots were fired, and not just from the gun in view. Then the room became chaotic and the lights went out.

The elder pushed another button and the screen became a blank wall again. “One of the people in the initial scuffle was dressed just like the people before us.” He barked.

“Yes,” Buel admitted. “we will not argue that. On Terra, though, everyone is punished by their own actions not those of others. The person on the screen is not among those summoned today. The group before you are innocent of all criminal actions. This very video clearly shows that.”

The angry looking elder leaned forward over his bench. “Do you know where this person is? To withhold information is a crime.”

“They do not Honored Elder. Nor does the Imul clan know. We are current seeking him.” Buel then bowed his head respectfully. “May I ask how many in that video have been apprehended?”

Another elder answered, one that Buel recognized as a Maheel. “That is not information we have at hand.” He spoke gruffly. “If you want that type of information, go through the normal channels.”

Buel momentarily lowered his head to show respect, though he did not respect the Maheel at all. Buel knew they could have supplied the information if they had chosen to. “Very well, Honored Elder, but as you can see those before us are innocent. I respectfully request judgment.”

The original elder then spoke. “So you choose not to present any further evidence?”

“No Honored Elder. The video speaks for them all.” Beul knew sometimes when the evidence is as obvious as this, it is best not to drag out the proceedings. The elders would be more appreciative and be likely to give complete exoneration.

“Very well, we will take a tally.”

They waited, standing in front of the five panel bench. Sandra watched the five elders busy themselves with things on their bench in which she could not see. Their hand and arm motions would indicate they were making entries into some sort of computer system. None spoke.

“We have come to a decision.” The spokesman of the board said. “We have four that have declared innocence while one has abstained.” The elder then scanned the Americans in the tan and white uniforms. “This means you are currently cleared of all charges, but if any new evidences that shows guilt, the elders reserve the right to retry you on any charge.”

“Thank you, Honored Elders.” Beul answered. “We will not contest your findings.” Beul could guess which clan elder abstained. It would be like the Maheel clan.

After they left the building and safely in the vehicle that brought them Zethec whispered to Beul. “That was a professional job if I ever saw one.” They were in the front seats with Zethec driving. The Americans were sitting on the two bench seats in the back.

Beul nodded. “We’ll speak of that later.”

Zethec remained silent, realizing Beul didn’t even want to take a chance of the car being bugged. How big was this going to get? How could they keep it from exploding into something uncontrollable? They would have to be very careful indeed.

*   *   *

"Chief Moricron," a messenger said, meeting the clan leader in the hall of the planet's administration building. He bowed slightly at Moricron’s acknowledgement. "Pardon the interruption, but you asked to be informed the moment we learned the location of the ship, Skysurfer."

Moricron clinched his jaw. He had both been angered and frightened by their absents. He had feared that his daughter had been caught in the explosion on Celet and angered that Deetmier had allowed it to happen. "Status," he roared to cover his concern.

"The ship is on approach."

Moricron’s concern for his daughter disappeared. "Do you have the Skysurfer on a channel now?" He was just angry now. What had taken that Borman so long in getting here and why would Deetmier and his daughter allow him the delay?

"Yes, chief," the messenger answered. "The captain is asking for you."

"Good," Moricron's face flushed. He normally controlled such displays of emotion in front of subordinates, but this time he was too angry to care. "I'll take the call in my office." He turned to leave the building.

"But Chief that will make them wait thirty minutes. They will have landed by then."

Moricron turned sharply toward the messenger. "Do you have a problem with that!"

"No sir, I don't." The messenger nervously shook his head.

“Good, then see that it gets done.”

“Yes sir.” He bowed and ran off.

*   *   *

Kion's smile hid his anxiety well. "Your father must really be mad," he said to Kimbra, breaking connection with Alantet. They were instructed to land and wait further orders. They were given no explanation why Moricron wasn’t available.

Kimbra sat at her normal station when both were in the cockpit, the co-pilot's seat. "I can imagine." Her voice did not show the range of emotions she was feeling. Anger and betrayal at her father for authorizing the Celet disaster, sadness for the loss of life on Celet and anxiety for the things she knew she must do, if she were to live with herself.

"Any change of heart?" Kion asked, making contact with her soft blue eyes. "You can still back out and I won't think anything bad of you." What he had planned included her.

She raised from her seat and kissed him on the forehead. She shook her head. "No, it's hard to believe that I am a Maheel, after what they have done.” She paused in thought for a moment. “I guess I have always thought my morals were different than the clan's. Perhaps that’s why I wanted out from the beginning. I had always told myself that my interest and occupation were the reasons. Now I’m not so sure."

He nodded looking out the cockpit. The white planet was quickly filling their field of view. It was speckled with a band of green around the equator. They would be landing on Alantet soon. “You must have taken after your mother.”

She sat back down, but didn’t reply.

Kion used the trackball controls to reorient the ship for entry. The white planet spun to beneath them. He had a serious expression on his face. It wasn’t caused by his concerns for their plan or their re-entry into Alantet. His concern was for Kimbra and her future. "I know you realize that your clan may try to have you killed."

"I hope not," Kimbra said, staring blankly out the cockpit for a moment as if in deep thought. "I doubt the Zethm clan would protect me either." Her voice cracked a little now, showing a hint of her anxiety.

Kion could see the fright in her soft blue eyes now, a loneliness or abandonment perhaps.  She had hid it well. Up to this point she seemed her normal self, beautiful as ever with long platinum blond hair flowing down to her hips. He realized that her distant attitude toward him at the beginning had changed totally.  How he wanted to protect her. He cleared his throat.  "Kimbra, I can think of only one way that I can guarantee your protection." He had to make this offer, for he really wanted it. He wondered how she would take it.

She raised a brow cautiously, "oh?" She tried to hide her hope.

"By marrying a Borman."

Her lips tightened and one corner of her mouth turned up.

Kion couldn't tell if she were pleased or angry. "Don't get me wrong," he started to say, "I will always -"

"Was that a proposal?" Her voice grew more solid.

"...yes...it was."

Kimbra smiled. "That has got to be the worst proposal I have ever heard, and I have heard quite a few." Her voice back to normal.

"But none more serious," Kion said with more conviction showing in his voice than he thought possible.

Kion was too good to her to be true, Kimbra thought with her skeptical side coming through. “How can I be sure?”  She questioned without thinking. “I won’t marry you just because you feel obligated to protect me. I’ll go native first.” She imagined herself running half naked, all alone, through the jungle, always watching possible threats. Not a pleasant thought.

Kion shrugged. How could he convince her? “I have come to care more for you then for anyone I have ever known. And I’m not just saying this because you are helping me.” He hesitated then pushed on.  “I think it started the moment I met you.”

She looked deeply into his eyes.

“And I respected you enough to keep it to myself. You had made it quite clear that you had no interest in me.”

He meant it! He really meant it! She thought, reading his eyes. This was the warmest thing she had ever picked up from him. She gave him a small smile. “I always thought you were attractive. I just never found a man that I could trust.”

“My proposal is still open.” He raised his brow, waiting for a response.

"Then I accept." She jumped from her seat, hugged and kissed him with a passion she hadn’t shown a man in a long time. She let all the walls drop for Kion. She now knew without a doubt that he cared for her. He had already proven he wouldn’t say things just to get what he wanted as other men have. He really cared for her, unconditionally.

The ship quaked, they were entering the atmosphere.

Kion pulled from her. "As much as I want to continue,” he said with a lump in his throat, “you better take your seat," The lump would not go away. He swallowed several times, trying to recover from her passion. She had rattled all of his senses. He quickly scanned his console.

"Not even engaged thirty seconds and you already are giving me orders" Her voice was full of amusement. She returned to her seat and strapped herself in. As she watched Kion fly the ship down the clear skies of Alantet, she realized that her dad had never shown any kind of unconditional love. He loved her in his own way, she knew, but it also angered her that he would put her into this position. She had to do what she must, even if it hurt her father.

*   *   *

Moricron strode into his office, his face still fuming red. He sat in his golden chair, growled to himself and turned it to face the panoramic view of mountains.  He thought, perhaps the view would calm him.

Moricron knew the scientists were periodically turning on the quantum exciter when the modifications permitted. He had been told there has already been some effect, though visually he could not tell. The run off from the snow covered mountains were reportedly up by a few percent, planet wide.

Studying the pleasant view and thinking of the good news did indeed ease his rage, a bit. He was ready to talk to Kion without losing his temper.  He pushed a button on the arm of his chair.  "Has the Skysurfer landed yet?" he gruffly said.

"Yes Chief."

"Good, get that Borman on the line. I want to talk to him." He turned the chair to face the wall’s main display. Moricron planned to chew Kion up and spit him out. He wasn’t about to blame his daughter, no way.  The clan elders could use that against him.

"Yes Chief," the man answered. A moment later Kion's face appeared on Moricron's big wall screen.

"Borman, you are late!" Moricron bellowed.

"Enough of your ranting," Kion said pleasantly, but he had enough force behind his smiling face to stifle Moricron. Kion knew it would infuriate him. "I have completed my service to you." Kion pushed on before Moricron recovered from his astonishment. "We are dumping all that junk that Kimbra and I picked up for you out on the ground."

"Now see here-" Moricron stopped when Kion raise his hand and continued to speak. His smile was even broader.

"There's more," Kion added. "Your agent Deetmier will not be getting off here. He will be sent back to Terra under clan arrest."

"How dare you. You have no right."

"I do indeed," Kion gladly explained, interrupting Moricron’s next statement before he even had a chance to say it. "Deetmier will be tried and executed for the destruction of the Bormans' base on Celet. I have enough evidence and a witness, that will undoubtedly convince the clan council."

“Witness?” Moricron roared. “What in the blazing sun are you talking about?”

Kion could not help, but show his pleasure. “Your daughter is my witness. Her credentials cannot be questioned.”

Moricron's jaw dropped. He couldn't believe it. His own daughter, betray him? No. "Put her on!" He raged.

"Sorry, she is busy at the moment dumping your cargo." Kion gave him a shrug as if he was discussing the weather. It angered Moricron even more. "She has seen your truly devious ways and was appalled."

Moricron became flush. "You will never leave this planet!"

"How are you going to stop me? Destroy my ship and your daughter with it?" Kion raised his brow. "Oh, and Deetmier is no longer aboard. He will see trial on Terra whether this ship is destroyed or not."

Moricron had enough. "You will die!"

"I would advise against it," Kion casually cautioned as if he wasn’t trembling all over. He felt like he was anyway. "You will find that a well-armed Borman ship will be in position to cover our retreat." His voice showed none of his anxiety. He hoped Moricron couldn’t see it in his face.

Moricron slammed the arm of his jeweled thrown, cutting the connection. The screen went blank on the smiling face of Kion. He looked as if he was about to say something else. "Dormuth!" Moricron roared.

*   *   *

Kimbra stepped into the cockpit in time to hear her father threaten Kion. "The cargo is out and the hatch is secured," she said once the connection was cut. She sat in the copilot’s seat.

"Good," Kion took a deep breath and let it out slowly. His nerves were shot. If he hadn’t scripted what to say to Moricron, he felt he would not have been able to pull it off. He wanted to rest for a moment, but knew he didn’t have the time. He sank into the emergency procedures of powering up the drive impellers.

“Air cars are coming our way!” Kimbra pointed out the cockpit.

"We best run then." He skipped all the preflights.

The ship lifted quickly, leaving the air cars behind.

"Father sounded mighty angry." Her voice had a nervous edge about it too.

"Ya, and he'll be angrier still when he learns the cryogenic unit failed." The temperature inside the unit would rise quickly, causing the Celet crystals to vaporize.  Orange vapor would gush out the moment the door was open. It might even explode if conditions were right. Kion didn’t care. He gave a slight smile.  After the Celet disaster, Kion wasn't about to let Moricron have the base’s last batch of crystals. So, he made sure the chamber failed.

The Skysurfer ascended over the snow covered mountains and into clear blue sky.

"We are getting company," Kimbra said, watching one of the instruments on her console. "At least two ships are after us."

"Contact the Fairway," Kion said. "Tell them that we are being pursued and to have their weapons ready." He started randomly altering his course while continuing their climb. He doubted that it would prevent them from achieving a laser lock, but it might delay it long enough.

The sky slowly changed to a star studded blackness. The little cargo ship was climbing as fast as its impeller drive would allow. Being empty of cargo helped a lot, giving them maximum possible acceleration.

 The Fairway was now in Kion's viewer. It was moving in to intercept the two pursuers. Those two ships were not accelerating as fast as Kion expected. They must have been fully loaded and ready to lift when they were given their orders to pursue. They could not gain any ground on the empty Skysurfer.

The Fairway fell in behind the Skysurfer and fired a sped of missiles. One of the ships was hit, but not badly damaged. Suddenly, both ships veered off, clearly not wanting to fight.

Kion gave a sigh of relief. He figured they must have considered their cargo more valuable than catching him. The Fairway was a huge deterrent. It was one of the largest and most heavily armed vessels in the Borman clan. Those Maheel ships would have known that.

Kion keyed his radio. "Looks like we are in the clear," Kion said, still studying his console, though his voice had relaxed. "However, Captain Siegh, may I request an escort back to Terra." He already knew they would.  After all, the Fairway now carried Deetmier.  Kion was just keeping to formal protocol.

"We certainly will," Captain Siegh's rough voice said over the audio. "We are currently tracking several other ships that are Maheel. Our presence should reduce their incentive to attack you."

"Agreed and thanks again."

"What else is a clan for?" Captain Siegh cut the connection.

Kion set his console to standby and put the ship on automatic pilot. He sighed again and relaxed his shoulders. He stood making eye contact with Kimbra.

She stood wrapped her arms around him. She buried her face into Kion's shoulder. She did not weep, but her firm squeeze did quiver a bit. She was now at the mercy of the Borman clan.

Kion slid his hands under her lengthy hair and gently ran his fingers up and down her back.  They slid easily over the tight leather outfit. It was so soft and thin that he felt every tense muscle in her back. He messaged them, standing silently between the seats for quite some time.

*   *   *

"I want the heads of those cowardly captains!" Moricron roared to Dormuth as he stepped into his office. He had summoned his trusted clan elder just moments ago. He was still fuming over Kion's escape.

"I would advise against such action." Moricron's face flushed redder then Dormuth had ever seen it, but what he had to say, must be said. "There is no doubt that Kimbra aided in this fiasco. If you do nothing to address this, your opponents will use it against you."

Moricron ground his teeth. Deep down he had hoped that she was being held captive. "Very well," he said feeling his anger changed to defeat about his daughter. He clinched his jaw. He could not allow this to bother him. His position was more important and he refused to let his daughter cause his fall. "Announce that I have disowned her and put the appropriate price on her head." This wouldn’t be the first time a clan chief put a price on a sibling. Moricron knew she wanted to do her own thing, but he never dreamed she would betray him.

Dormuth nodded. He knew there was nothing he could say to ease the guilt Moricron felt. “I shall. I just wished there was something more pleasant I could do for you.” He turned to leave.

“Just a moment.” The corner of Moricron’s mouth turned up in a devious smile, watching the surprise on his old friend’s face. “There is something else you can do.” He had lost his daughter. The best way to punish her was through her Borman friends. "Alert our specialty team on Terra. Tell them the assault is a go. I want that mission completed as soon as possible.” His voice deepened. “I trust they are ready to go.” It was not a question.

“Yes Chief,” Dormuth answered.

“Good, and I want the work crews on the quantum exciter, doubled. We must get it completed before the Bormans decide to retaliate.”  He would use it as an ultimatum to Bormans and the solar system. No one would question his authority then. He may have lost a daughter, but he was going to gain a solar system. He wasn’t about to lose the war.

There has, since the beginning, been war between men in one form or another. It started with the economic and social status to gain a woman’s affections. What started as theft and fist fights slowly turned into family and tribal disputes. The clans were formed, then the clan council, but this didn’t stop the competition, it just forced it into none aggressive activities. The tension would build until hostilities broke out again. Fighting would continue between the warring clans until someone or some event persuaded both sides to agree to clan council. That immediate issue would get resolved then. Peace, at least on the surface, would be restored. Clan council wasn’t perfect, but it did act as a governor to keep things under control.

A slight frown slipped to Dormuth face. He recovered it quickly then nodded. With a slight bow he left the room. He didn’t like the level to which Moricron was willing to take the situation. He was now beginning to wonder if he would regret helping him rise to Chief Elder.


CHAPTER TWELVE

Andrew found himself walking down the street, thinking of the fabulous night he had with Jipsee. That was her name, wasn’t it? Of course it was, but the odd thing was he couldn’t remember leaving her apartment. He must of had too much to drink that night. He stopped at a corner and looked down both streets. He realized he didn’t know where he was either. He rubbed his itching nose. Ground vehicles crowded the streets and others flew overhead.

Oh well, this wasn’t the first time he had awaken from a drunken stupor. Odd, usually he found himself in some girls bed and not out on a street somewhere. Andrew shrugged to himself. He’ll make do and come out all right. He always did. He looked up at the tall buildings and smiled. In fact, he would do just fine here. He liked this town and growing to like this world even more. He decided he would stay lost, get a job here as a pilot or captain a ship. Someone surely needs help. Beck obviously didn’t like his command abilities. He smiled even more and crossed the street.

*   *   *

“Well you’ve milled around their stuff long enough.” Ablelec told the prospective buyers as they examined the various gadgets and products the Americans had to offer. Ablelec didn’t want to give them too much time. They might figure out how some of their stuff worked. It might lessen their interest.

“Give us a few more minutes.” One of the prospective buyers said.

Bruce looked up from inspecting samples of power cells the prospectors brought to trade. He understood enough of the conversation to know that this was it. Would they be interested, and how interested? He lowered the hand held scanner. He was using it to take voltage a power measurements. He motioned for Thomas to come to his side.

“Well, will any of these meet our needs?” Thomas talked low and in English.

“Not individually,” Bruce answered just as quiet. “However, if we had multiples of either of these two,” he pointed, “we should be able to make them work. The others are simply t0o bulky to handle or don’t have enough power to be practical.”

“How many?” Thomas asked.

“Four of this one and five of the other.” Bruce was careful not to use his fingers in case they were watching him.

 A tall blond woman looked up from the stack of equipment. “Obviously the wood we’ll be able to put to good use, but most of this stuff,” she waved to the pile, “performs functions that our own devices can do.” She shrugged. “Besides their input and output are in a language no one can understand.”

Thomas jumped in and spoke fluent Terran. “We realize that. It is the technology we are selling. We can also send you documentation too on how to overlay the Terran language. As you know we had not intended on selling anything this soon, only to open connections for future shipments.  Since we are in a bind we have decided to sell the technology behind it. I also think you will find much of our pharmaceuticals are well ahead of your current level.” Thomas assumed this to be true. He doubted anyone here got any kind of illness until they were extremely old. And then the younger were waiting for the older to die so they could take the vacated position in the clan structure. He doubted there was as much interest in putting any research money into this area.

The blond opened the medical case and pulled out jar of clear liquid. On the label was American writing, but also someone had added hand written symbols indicating the same information. She nodded then gave an offer.

Ablelec cut in. “Does anyone else care to give a better offer? Remember, the high bidder also becomes our primary clan for distribution of future goods.” There were two other interested parties. If he could just get a bidding war started. He knew with the limited amount of parties involved it would make it more difficult, but he couldn’t take a chance of the stuff getting stolen before the bidding. So he had limited the prospective buyers to only the clans that he trusted most.

“Of course,” Another giant said and made an offer.

The offers and counter offers didn’t last long with only the four groups present. “Well,” Ablelec said turning to Thomas, “We now have a highest bid. Which of the power cells would be sufficient for your needs?”

Thomas looked to Bruce. “Well?”

Bruce pointed to one of the medium sized units. “This one would be the easiest to adapt.”

“How many can we get of this type?” Thomas asked.

“Six,” Ablelec answered after calculating it in his head.

This was the one that Bruce said they would need four of. Thomas frowned as if he wasn’t pleased. “Well, if this offer will include a powered vehicle for delivery, then we’ll accept it.”

Both Ablelec and the woman who made the highest offer frowned. She shook her head. “Listen to this offer.” Ablelec spoke up before she could refuse. “If you agree to provide the vehicle, I’ll take it to my settlement and have it returned to you the same night. From there, I’ll insure the delivery to their ship.” He really didn’t want anyone else seeing the American’s craft or know its location.

“Very well, agreed.” She finally answered. “We will deliver the cargo in the vehicle you can use. We’ll have the vehicle taken to your hotel?”

“Yes, I’ll take responsibility from that point on.”

Ablelec noticed the other three groups listening in. “You others, may now go and thanks for coming. I will notify you of any future business on this regard.”

They gave the formal half bow and left the storage building.

“When will they return with their first shipment?” The tall blond asked. “And what will it consist of?”

“By the time we return to our home, the first cargo ship will be ready to go.” Thomas stated as if it were fact. “As for as the cargo. Give Ablelec a list of items that you think will be of highest demand. We will overlay the Terran language on all features.”

“So the timing will depend on the speed of programming and manufacturing the goods.”

“Correct,” Thomas lied, “and you’ll be surprised how quickly it can be done.”

“The truck will arrive with your power cells late tomorrow.” She than motioned to the row of power cells that Bruce had looked at. “Of course these will leave with me.” Her clan was the manufacturer of the power cells. They had the advantage to win the highest bid from the beginning, knowing what the Americans needed.

*   *   *

“But, what about Andrew?” Sandra exclaimed. “He hasn’t shown up yet? We can’t just leave him.” It was the next day. They were waiting outside the hotel for the vehicle to arrive with their needed power cells.

“If he’s not back by tomorrow.” Thomas insisted. “We leave.” They were planning to leave the next morning so the trip would be in the day light. “Remember the ship only has a limited supply of power. That’s why we are here in the first place. If we wait too long all the systems will fail on the ship which would make it even more difficult.” He glanced around to make sure none of Ablelec’s clan was in hear shot. “We would then be totally dependent on them to restart the ship. And I, personally, wouldn’t trust them to do it.” Thomas actually hoped Andrew wouldn’t show up. It would be one less problem to deal with once the ship was up and running again. He has learned so much on this trip, far more than he would have thought possible. He would decide later if he would even tell his government. It was information he could use even if he chose not to tell them. They were only interested in him returning with the time ship.

“Well, I’m going to asked Ablelec if he’s learned anything.” She turned and stomped off.

“You do that.” Thomas sarcastically said.

Sandra did not notice a truck settle down into the parking lot. She was too aggravated with Thomas’ lack of concern. She found Ablelec in their room talking on the phone. She waited until he was off. “Have you found out anything on Andrew.”

“I have.” Ablelec answered. “One of our people found him. He was asking around for employment.”

“Employment?”

Ablelec nodded. “It seems he has decided to stay.”

“Where is he now?”

“He was last followed to a private building belonging to the Mortolov Clan. They have a small startup operation in the space transport business.”

Just then Thomas stepped into the room. “Our cargo is here. They are asking you to sign off on it.”

“Very well. I doubt we will see him again.” He left with Thomas without saying another word. Apparently to him the matter was closed.

*   *   *

Kion flew an air speeder in the pink sky of Terra. Kimbra was with him. They were just cubits above the thick green forest below. They were headed to his father’s laboratory complex.

Terra always re-energized him. He knew Terra's environment, man natural environment, played an important role in this real phenomena. Studies had shown the human body did function better on Terra than anywhere else in the solar system. Now with Kimbra at his side, he felt whole.

They married the moment they landed, not waiting for formalities. They did it without prior knowledge of either clan. This wasn't unusual in this day in time, but it did release either clan of any obligations if they choose to do so.

Kion glanced over to Kimbra then pointed toward the hill to their right. "Over there, a Pickhead attacked my craft the last time I came through here." He planned to stay well clear of that area this time.

"It must have a nest there," Kimbra answered.

She didn't sound nearly as interested has Kion would have expected. He studied her for a moment. She faced straight ahead not showing any interest in her surroundings, the very thing he understood her to like the most. Her long white hair flowed passed her shoulders, down to her lap. It hid her soft blue eyes from view. "What's troubling you?"

Kimbra chewed on her lower lip. "I'm about to meet your parents," she said with more harshness than she expected. "What if they refuse to accept me into the clan? The way we got married gives them the right. In fact they could reject you too.”

Kion shrugged trying to make light of the situation. "They won't, after all you helped me to apprehend Deetmier. With our testimony he'll be executed for sure."

"Is that all your clan will see me as, a tool!"

Kion brushed her soft blond hair from her eyes. They seemed more moist than usual. She appeared more vulnerable than he had ever seen her. He laid his hand on her shoulder. "If they refuse you or use you just for a tool, I'll disown my clan. And I'll make sure they know why."

Kimbra's brow twitched slightly. "You mean that?"

"Yes, I do, but it won't come to that.  I think I know my clan well enough, especially my immediate family."

She leaned over and gave him a soft kiss on the cheek. "I love you," she softly said.

If she only knew how that made him feel! "And I you," he returned, putting his hand on her soft smooth leg. Then Kion said in a lighter tone, changing the subject. "Did you know you astonished me the moment I first laid eyes on you?"

"Love at first sight?" Kimbra smiled.

"Possibly," he admitted.

She smirked, thinking back at that day. It seemed a long time ago now, though it had been less than two months. "As I recall, you had hid it well."

"There it is," Kion pointed, purposely ignoring her statement, "the Borman lab complex."

Kimbra peered over the hood of the air speeder. Three large stone buildings were in sight. Their polished surface gave pink reflections from the sky above. She saw smaller buildings clustered around them. She presumed they to be home sites. To her amazement there was no barrier wall to keep the jungle beasts out. "Impressive, your clan has designed the complex to fit the environment, not the other way around."

"Thought you might like it."  Kion started descending the car.

"I never realized that the Borman clan was so ecologically minded." Kimbra had thought only the Zethm clan was interested in nature. From the way this complex was designed, told her much of the Borman clan.

"You're a Borman now." Kion smiled, glancing at her. Her momentary smile disappeared. He realized that he had said the wrong thing.

"If your clan will accept me."

Kion squeezed her knee. "They will, don't you worry."

Kion landed the craft between the larger buildings and just like before his mother came running to him. "My mother," Kion indicated to Kimbra, pointing. He opened his door, stood and waited to be smothered with a hug.

Kion's mother pulled back from him and leaned over to look into the car. "And you must be that wonderful woman that married my son."

Kimbra nodded once. To her surprise Kion looked nothing like her. She had dark hair and a glowing pink skin. Then again she looked nothing like her father, Moricron. "You know?"

"Of course we know. Everything concerning this family always gets back to me." She waved Kimbra out. "Now get out here so I can hug my new daughter!"

The concern on Kimbra's face vanished and was replaced with a hesitant smile. She did has she was ordered.

"Welcome to the family," Kion’s mother said while hugging her. "I've been trying to get him married for decades now with absolute failure." She pulled away from Kimbra. "You must be something special."

"Mother, you are embarrassing us both."

She allowed a smirk to show then her face became quite serious. "Your father asked me to take both of you to him the moment you arrived. Events with larger ramifications then the Celet disaster has happened that you are not aware of."

"What?" Kion asked his mother. What could be worse than a nuclear explosion?

"Zed can explain it better than I."

Just like her, Kion thought. He put his arm around Kimbra's narrow waist and followed his mother into one of the larger buildings. Again he wondered what had happened.

Kimbra allowed her new husband to escort her into the sleek building where they checked in with the blue and gray uniformed security at the entrance. The interior of the building seemed ordinary enough, but glimpses she got of the rooms told her that they had some specialized equipment. She couldn't guess what they could be used for.

She found herself led into one of those strangely equipped rooms. A man with the same dimple in his chin as Kion met them as they entered. He was much older than Kion. She immediately knew who he was. Other than size and age, he looked exactly like Kion. 


Kion's mother disappeared out the door.

"Ah, good," the man said. He looked Kimbra in the eye. "You must be Kion's new wife. I'm his father Zed.”

“Kimbra,” she said announcing her name with a slight traditional bow.

“I just wish we could have given you a better welcome into the clan then time has allowed us." It was common in most clans to have a wedding celebration. This was Zed's reference.

"I'm just relieved that you are welcoming me after the acts my father as done against your clan."

"We choose to judge people as individuals," Zed explained, "not as a clan member."

"What is the situation?" Kion asked, getting to the point.

Zed looked to his son and nodded. He paused for a moment looking between Kimbra and Kion. Normally Kimbra wouldn’t have the clearance to know, but give the situation, the clan elders gave her clearance immediately. "Our new drive engine has been stolen." 


"The interstellar drive!" Kion exclaimed.

Zed nodded.

"Interstellar drive?" Kimbra repeated. Her brow raised in astonishment. “I never realized your clan even produced ships.”

"Yes," Zed answered, “but the Stearman make a better ship.”

"How could it have happened?" Kion asked, "with all the security measures we have in place."

"Well, in consideration of time and expense we opted to move Traverse’s habitat module to one of our sites and install the new power and drive module.” Traverse was Kion’s original ship. “Your module had survived the accident intact and needed only minimal changes to except the new engine module.  We had designed the new engines so they could be installed on most of our existing ships."

Kion nodded understanding the strategy. It pleased him that the remains of Traverse could be put to good use. Now the ship would live again. "So you used the existing security measures already on my ship."

"Right," Zed confirmed, "we had the ship heavily guarded, but we did not expect an assault force to blast their way in to steal the ship."

"So they had the access codes to my ship." Kion glanced at his wife.

"Right, we now believe that your accident was no simple failure or malfunction, but rather sabotage."

Kion saw his father’s implications. If true, Moricron had created a set of scenarios that gave him full benefit from many angles with minimal direct involvement. Moricron’s intellect went up a notch in Kion’s mind. He had always thought of Moricron as a loud mouth bully. He turned to his new wife. "Your father?" He tried to keep any accusations from his voice.

After what she had learned of her father in the last month, Kimbra took no offense. "Quite possible, he only told me what I needed to know to complete my mission."

"We both now know the mission was just one aspect of a much larger goal," Kion added.

“The Celet disaster,” Kimbra muttered. Her frown told them how terrible she really felt about the situation.

Zed nodded. "And now this," he said as if he never doubted their words.  "In fact, Moricron has admitted to taking the ship.  He demands that we release his agent, Deetmier for its return. He has warned us any attempt to take the ship back will result in the total destruction of Terra."

This was a lose, lose proposition for the Borman. Either way, the Maheels would learn much of the ship, even if they would voluntarily return it, which Kion doubted. It left his clan with no option. They had to get the ship back and as quickly as they could. "How could he destroy Terra? With nukes?" Kion wondered. "He couldn’t have possibly hid that many from us?"

Through the clan council, all the clans of Terra had agreed production of nuclear weapons would not be tolerated. However, the council did ignore the small amount that every clan already held.

Zed shook his head. "We don't know. All the projects that we know the Maheels were working on had nothing to do with nuclear weapons."

Kion had been watching Kimbra. Her eyes widened when she heard about Moricron's threat.

Kimbra looked from Kion to his father. "I would advise you to take it seriously.  My father is not one to make idle threats."

"Many of our clan elders are in complete agreement, and of course, our chief elder refuses to stand down."

"If you trust me, let me go. I can find the ship and I will be able to get passed many security points that you would have to blast your way through." Kimbra offered.

“We appreciate the offer and are glad that you are volunteering,” Zed said, “but you may want to consider something first that I’m sure you are not aware of.”

Kimbra looked to Kion to see if he knew what Zed was talking about. Kion gave a slight shrug. “Oh, what’s that?” She asked.

Zed frowned briefly as if considering his next words carefully. "For the help you gave us Bormans, your father has put a price on your head."

Kimbra's mouth dropped. “Did he specify capture?”

Zed sadly shook his head. “No,” he said in soft voice. This meant a bounty hunter could kill her if they wished. This was usually the case.

Kimbra’s stomach knotted. She knew her father had every right to do it, but she never thought he would stoop so low as to order her execution. In essence that is what he had done. She had thought that certain people within her clan might have her killed, but she never imagined her father would put a bounty on her.

Kion put his arm around Kimbra, hopefully to comfort her.  "What's stopping them from flying off with the ship to another star or copy the design?" Kion asked.

 Zed gave a small grin. "They can copy the design with the exception of one important item." He went to a walk in vault, opened the lock and stepped in. A moment later he came out carrying a crystalline object the size of a small coconut. It had smooth shiny facets and was as clear as the finest crystal china. "This is the reason. We have nothing in writing about it other than a few letter designations in some technical documents. If they would have waited a few more days this would have been mounted. Fortunately they didn’t." He handed it to Kion.

Kion felt the weight of it. It was heavier than it looked. He ran a fingernail along its smooth surfaces. It was hard, very hard. "What is it?" He handed it to Kimbra so she could have a better look at it.

"It is made of pure carbon." The corner of Zed’s mouth twitched up, knowing it would kindle Kion’s interest.

"Carbon is black," Kion stated, still looking at it in Kimbra's hands.

"Not after we subjected it to a million atmospheres of pressure. We then carefully cut the rock into the shape we wanted."

Zed had wanted to tell his son about this the last time he was here, back then he didn't need to know.  Now he will and he hoped his son would come out of it alive.  This was part of the preparation to ask him. "The process is top secret.  I and only two other people in the clan know the process." He hoped his voice remained unrestrained.

"Kimbra handed the clear crystal back to Zed. "What do you call it?"

"We call it a diamond." Zed's face became quite serious. More troubled than Kion had ever seen it. "I hate to ask, but I know I must. Are you willing to go on this mission with your wife if she is still willing?" Zed looked to Kimbra and gave her a trusting stare. He couldn't look his son in the eye.

Kimbra slowly nodded. She really had no choice that she could see now. She would be looking over her shoulder the rest of her life or go native. Neither option she wanted. Perhaps a third option would come out of this if she helped to get the ship back. At least then she would have earned the Borman’s protection.

"I am glad you still feel this way,” Zed sincerely said. “When our clan elders heard of the bounty they could find no better solution to the problem then to ask you to help. Your involvement will increase our chances of a successful mission substantially."

"What about our chief elder?" Kion asked. "You said he wanted to take immediate action."

"After much debating amongst ourselves," Zed informed them. "He has reluctantly agreed to hold off sending our fleet until we asked Kimbra to do the mission. As a precaution our ships are gathering near the moon as we speak."

Kion looked at his wife. She was beautiful and he hoped they both would live though this to enjoy one another. "Of course I will." He really didn't see an option either that wouldn't risk many more lives. And he wasn’t about to let his wonderful wife do such a dangerous thing without him at her side. It took him this long to find a woman as remarkable as her. He would do everything within his power to see that she live through this. In his mind, he had no choice.

This didn’t even factor in that he would be the most qualified pilot. He knew that ship better than anyone, at least the habitat module. He knew all the access codes and back door passwords. His clan or the Maheels would not have had time to change them all.

Zed grimly nodded approval. "Well, that makes three."

"Three?" Kion asked.

"I have to go of course," Zed explained. "Someone with knowledge of the new drive needs to be there if it is required to make the escape and we can’t risk any of the others that know on the event that we don’t come back."

It was Kion's turn to grimly nod.  He was silent for a moment then looked more seriously at his father. "Does mom know?"

"Not yet," Zed seemed even grimmer, "but she'll understand."

Kion didn't know what to say. Mother could get quite angry and stubborn at times. He thought back to the last time he had seen her angry. Granted it had been several years ago, but when she did explode, it lasted days.

"Do you still have the Skysurfer under rent?" Zed asked interrupting his thoughts.

"I do have the option to extend the contract," Kion answered, "but that ship will be instantly recognized."

"That is the plan, but we will mount a few extra weapons on her hull, just in case it is needed."

Kion and Kimbra looked questioningly at each other. "Perhaps you better explain it to us," Kion said.

Zed did, but neither was thrilled with the idea.

*   *   *

Moricron saw the unusual ship on the wall screen of his office. The ship sat in a hanger with a security man in the foreground filling most of the screen. “Chief,” the black haired man said on the screen, “I report a successful mission.”

“Absolutely wonderful!” Moricron bellowed. “Each of you shall receive one level increase in your rank.”

“Thank you Chief,” the man spoke quickly, “but I fear that our location has been compromised. We caught a man leaking information here at the base. We executed him on the spot. I recommend we move the ship.”

“No, the ship stays where it is.” Moricron was adamant. “The men and equipment specialized on that ship are there. I will not disrupt their research.” He wasn’t about to tell them his other reasons for not moving the ship.

The man was puzzled that Moricron didn’t appear angry. “But Chief, the Borman may come after it!”

Moricron’s mouth turned up. “Then I suggest that you have your people ready in that event.”

“This base’s best security was its secrecy,” the man protested. He seemed not to be worried with who Moricron was. “And that has been compromised. We don’t have heavy weaponry here and it will take weeks to bring in the proper defense without letting the Borman know.”

“Then I suggest that you get on it,” Moricron bellowed, but there was no deep anger within it.

“We are, Chief,” the man continued, “but I still recommend that we move the ship.”

“No!” Moricron’s face reddened this time. He took a deep breath. He had to get a hold on himself. “You have noted your concern. The responsibility is now in my hands.” Moricron cut the connection. He smiled briefly to himself. Things were going as planned.

*   *   *

Dormuth looked around the table at all the elderly faces. Many of them were more devious than Moricron and couldn’t be trusted. That’s just one reason why they never became chief. All of the elders had something negative about them that made Dormuth rule them out as a good leader. If Moricron failed, who would take his place? Dormuth wondered. He certainly didn’t want the job, but knew he would be the likely candidate since he held the second highest position of clan chairman.

The first person Dormuth set eyes on was Ramseth. He was one of Moricron’s most influential supporters and backed him during the Alantet war. He had the same chiseled features as Moricron though his hair was now peppered with gray.

Dormuth scanned passed a few faces and momentarily stopped on Morchek. He was one of the younger members of the clan elders with solid black hair and rounded facial features. Dormuth knew he strongly opposed Moricron though he was careful never to openly show it.

The next person Dormuth’s eyes stopped on was Shempler. He represented the scientific branch of the clan and was responsible for the quantum exciter. He tended to stay politically neutral in most circumstances. Dormuth couldn’t see him staying neutral in this case. The man had the same basic appearance as Professor Keyler with gray hair and a thinly built body.

Palimier was the last person Dormuth looked at before speaking. He had blond hair and was heavy set with a chubby face. He had originally opposed making Moricron chief. He reluctantly agreed only when he saw that he was in the minority after Dormuth made his persuasive arguments. Palimier knew some of Moricron’s new supporters had had their arms twisted.

Only Moricron was missing from the meeting. If Moricron acted within agreed parameters set by this meeting, he would never know it had occurred. If he over stepped them, then that was a different matter. Dormuth would do everything in his power to persuade Moricron in the right direction.

They were in a room, smaller than Moricron’s, but it did have a similar scenic view of the mountains. “Start recorders,” Dormuth ordered. He waited until the secretary pushed a button then nodded.  “You all know why I called this formal meeting.” Only Moricron, the chief elder, and Dormuth, the clan chairman, could call an emergency meeting. ”What you may not be aware of, though, is the fact that over half of you have privately expressed your opinions on the matter and wanted a meeting called.” The elders began glancing around the room as if trying to figure out who they were and what their opinions were. “So,” Dormuth continued, “I decided to do just that. The discussion will be on the use of the quantum exciter and the measures we take if it isn’t used accordingly. I will withhold my statement until I hear from you who wish to go on the record. What I will say is Moricron has expressed his intention on using the exciter as a weapon.” He scanned the table. “Your opinions.”

Ramseth spoke first. Dormuth looked at the peppered hair, chisel featured man. “You all know I am a strong supporter of Moricron. He has done a good job consolidating our position since the last war. If he chooses to use the quantum exciter in the defense of Alantet, than I am all for it.”

“All of us agree the defense of Alantet is our primary concern,” said Morchek. His precisely pronounced words that commanded attention from all in listening distance. “However, motivations and goals are the elements we need to look at.”

“Explain yourself,” Shempler, the thin gray haired man said. He knew what Morchek was talking about, but he wanted him to say it openly. “How can you determine Moricron’s real goals?”

Morchek frowned, seeing through Shempler’s old ploy. “For example, it is rumored that the Celet base was destroyed. We were told by Moricron that it would be taken over by one of our teams. Was this his real goal? True his plans to use a Borman to capture their own base was ingenious, but was capture his true objective?”

“What about the attempt on his daughter’s life on Quadet?” Ramseth defended Moricron. “We still haven’t been able to determine who done that.” His implications were clear. He meant someone in the room was involved.”

“All we know for certain is that she was in some kind of accident that damaged a vehicle,” Morchek responded.

“Gentleman,” Dormuth interjected. “This discussion has quickly gotten off the issue. What is our stance on the use of the quantum exciter?” He turned to Shempler. Being with the science group, he would have the least politically biased opinion. “Shempler?”

Shempler raised a brow as if surprised he had been called on. “The original design of the quantum exciter was to heat the core of Alantet itself and nothing else. Any use beyond that, I cannot guarantee.”

“Yes,” Dormuth pried, “but how do you feel about its use as a weapon?”

“It was never intended as a weapon.”

Dormuth mentally sighed. It was like pulling teeth to get a straight answer from him. “So, you are opposed to using it as a weapon.”

“I did not say that.”

“Then what are you saying!” exploded Ramseth.

“What I am saying is that I do not recommend its use in any way that it wasn’t initially designed for. That introduces too many unknown variables.”

“I’ll take that as a no,” the clan chairman said. Dormuth now had a balanced discussion. “We have one that supports and one that opposes. Who wishes to speak next?”

Palimier, the heavy set blond, raised a fat finger. “My thinking is along the same lines of Morchek. I have no qualms in regard to using it in defense of Alantet as a last resort, but I will never condone its use for the agenda of one person. Its use must be carefully thought out and not used on the whim of a single person.”

The discussion continued and after an hour of deliberations a consensus was finally reached. Palimier’s view was the decided position.

“So who’s going to determine if Moricron stays within these bounds?” Ramseth asked after their policy was formalized.

“It has to be Dormuth,” Shempler stated. “We, as a group, trust no one else to do it. After all he is the clan chairman and has the most contact with Moricron.”

Morchek nodded. “That would be the fastest solution. We could bicker all week on this point alone. I also nominate him to be interim chief if Moricrom over steps the limits. Then at that point we shall decide who our permanent chief will be.”

“I second the nomination,” Palimier agreed, “on the condition we are informed prior to taking charge.”

“So everyone consents the decision to me,” Dormuth said after the assents went around the table. He had expected this unwanted outcome, but it couldn’t be avoided. “I assure you if action has to be taken I will do what is necessary for our clan. I must say, up front, that I have no desire to be the permanent chief.”

“That is why we chose you,” Ramseth said. He had his own hopes of becoming chief elder.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Sandra finished washing up, ate breakfast and stepped out of their hotel room. The others had finished ahead of her and were inspecting the vehicle. Ablelec or Thomas did not look happy. Andrew still hadn’t showed up, but she knew that couldn’t be the reason. “What’s wrong?” She asked Ablelec.

“I had Zethec put a seal on the cargo hatch yesterday in a discreet location.” Ablelec explained. “It was broken this morning. Someone had opened the lock and gotten into it last night. They, then locked it back up behind them in hopes that we would not know.”

“Is anything missing?” She asked.

“No, and we can’t find where anything is tampered with.” Ablelec still didn’t sound pleased. “The power cells still are sealed in there shipping containers. We opened them for inspection when we received them, but resealed them afterward.”

“We better have the whole vehicle checked for bugs or any kind of tampering.” Thomas suggested. If he wanted their mission to fail, that’s what he would do, sabotage the vehicle in some way.

“Zethec is doing that now.” Ablelec answered. “We’ll head out as soon as he is done with that.”

“What about Andrew?” Sandra protested.

“We leave without him.” Thomas stated as sternly. “I’ll let the captain decide if he wants to come back for him.”

Sandra frowned. She wasn’t going to push it any further. If what she was told was the truth, he deserves what he gets, abandoning them like this.

*   *   *

“The Americans are on their way Sire.” Dormuth said to Moricron.

“You have been assured the emitter is in place and won’t be activated until the right time?”

“Yes we will be able to keep tabs on them. The pulse locator will only transmit at irregular intervals. They will not be able to detect it either.”

“Good, keep me posted.”

Dormuth bowed slightly and left Moricron’s office. He wished their other issues could be so easy.

Moricron smiled and turned his attention to the scenery outside his Alantet office. It was a world that his clan has terraformed from a frozen ice ball into a planet that had a belt of habitable green land around its equator. If all things work out the quantum exciter soon will warm the planet further. It promised to turn the planet into the fabled paradise. Discovering the Americans and quickly putting a plot in place to control their emergence back to their society, along with getting the Borman clan out of the way for good will put the Maheel clan in control of all aspects the solarsystem’s economy! Everything was nicely falling into place. For all practical purposes he will rule the solarsystem!

*   *   *

In Skysurfer’s lounge Kion studied the small display of the new interstellar ship. It only had a remote resemblance to his original ship, the Traverse.  Kion still could discern the habitat module from the rest of the ship, but the power and engine module was completely different. It still had two induction drive nacelles, but they were mounted way forward and lower. If he sat in the cockpit he would be able to see them just by looking out either side window.  They were that far forward. They were so low and forward that they limited access to the cargo hatch. Cargo handlers would have to be very careful not to damage the nacelles. Then again, the ship was no longer meant to haul freight. It was designed to explore the stars.

Kion unconsciously shook his head. What shame that a tyrant like Moricron would get a hold of it. He certainly hoped they could recover it in one piece.  He was told that it would take another year before they could have another ready.

The most interesting aspect of the new ship was the addition of a third engine nacelle. Its pylon extended up and behind the P&D hull on the ship’s centerline. The third nacelle was unlike any engine Kion had ever seen. It was a flat circular device, shaped like a claw.  This was the new interstellar drive.  From his father's briefings, Kion now knew it contained a particle accelerator, a containment unit and the diamond.

Zed sat in the lounge of the Skysurfer with Kion. They were going over the specs of the Star Traveler in the event that something happened to Zed. Star Traveler was the new name they gave to Kion's old ship.

Kimbra was with them. She wanted to learn as much as she could about the new ship as well. She wanted to be as helpful as she could and prove her worth. Playing the role they wanted her to play wasn’t enough for her. They had accepted her into the family as if she were a long lost berth sister. She wanted to prove they hadn’t made a mistake.

The small cargo hold of Skysurfer now housed a battalion of Borman security personal. One of their people was flying the Skysurfer now. They were on their way to Alantet at maximum acceleration. The Skysurfer had been given the quickest weapons upgrade in the history of Borman ship building. It had taken less than twenty-four hours.

"So, in summary," Zed concluded. "We pull protons from the fusion core, feed them up the pylon to the accelerator where we use them to produce anti-protons. The anti-protons are collected in a containment bottle then shot into the diamond that is mounted at furthest point stern on the accelerator nacelle." The particle accelerator and containment bottle gave the middle nacelle its claw shaped appearance. “Essentially we would be creating a gravity spike that would warp space and push the ship forward.”

Kion studied the whole concept a moment. "Shouldn't there be a one to one annihilation when the anti-protons hit the diamond?"

"Normally yes," Zed shook his head, "but diamonds are the exception. When the anti-proton strikes the diamond, tremendous amounts of energy are released in the anti-matter's destruction.  Most of the energy is absorbed directly into the fabric of space, in effect creating a spike in the multidimensional universe. The diamond only has minimal loses to itself during sustained bombardment, and that creates heat."

"A spike in the universe?" Kimbra asked.

Zed looked at Kimbra then beyond her as if in thought.  "Think of it as being the opposite of a gravity well.  Instead of pulling mass towards it, it repels it. That’s why I referred to it as a spike instead of a well."

"I see,” Kimbra’ brow rose. “The ship is pushed away from the center of this effect. Since the diamond is attached to the ship it is pushed away from the spike with the ship. By the time the next anti-proton hits the diamond the ship has moved in space.  The process continues as long as there is an antimatter flow."

Kion's eyes lit up. His brow lifted as well. "So, as long as the ship is inside that spike the ship would have tremendous acceleration and achieve faster than light speeds in relationship to the universe outside the spike!"

"Correct, but we need to be concerned with the diamonds temperature. It is the only substance known that can with stand anti-matter bombardment without instantly pulverizing," Zed warned. "Once the Maheels learn how to make a diamond, they will be able to produce their own interstellar ships."

Kion nodded. They did need to get the ship back before the Maheels had a chance to reverse engineer it. According to their contacts, the Maheels had the ship at a remote base in one of their research and development hangers. As far as the Borman knew the Maheels believed the base was still secret. The real question was, how long would they keep the ship there? And how long will it be in flyable condition?

"Attention," said a voice over the intercom. It was the man in the cockpit. "We have our first Maheel ship on screen. They have changed to an intercept course."

Kion, Kimbra and Zed looked at each other. They had hoped to get closer to Alantet before running into one of their ships. The three jumped from their seats and ran to the cockpit. The commander of the security battalion ran there as well. He wore the traditional blue and gray with gold commander’s band on his sleeve.

Kimbra took the co-pilot's seat while Kion relieve the security person of the pilot's chair.

Zed looked over Kion's shoulder, trying to read the console.

"It looks as if they know who we are," Kion stated, studying the display as well.

Zed looked to Kimbra. "You know the script. Still think you can handle it?"

Kimbra's eyes were opened wider than usual. She rubbed her palms on her bare legs then on the skin tight one-piece. The soft leather absorbed her nervous perspiration. She looked fabulous, even now. She nodded. "I’m as ready as I will ever be," she finally said.

"Good, get on the radio and contact that ship," Zed said. He turned to an instrument that was hastily mounted behind Kimbra's seat. He began touching the soft keys on the instrument screen. "Ready here."

Kimbra swallowed once then nodded. She opened the channel. "Maheel ship, this is Kimbra Maheel on the Skysurfer. I plead for mercy. I ask you hear my appeal before you destroy my ship." She waited, but didn't get a response. She looked to Kion for support.

He nodded once and motioned for her not to give up.

Kimbra repeated the plea, twisting her hair between her fingers.  Her voice sounded more anxious and remorseful, exactly as it should if this is to play out properly. To Kimbra this was easy. She was nervous and remorse.

Finally, the oncoming ship replied. "This is Captain Hastler of the Maheel ship, the Kindred." His voice was prideful.  "State your plea.  You have just one minute before you are in weapons targeting range."

Kimbra swallowed. "Once I heard of my father's disappointment and his placement of a bounty on me, I have repented.  I have stolen this ship from that Borman scum and have rescued Deetmier from their hands."

Kion raised a brow. She sounded sincere with just the right amount of nervousness in her voice.

There was silence over the radio beyond the expected time lag. "I really doubt it," came the reply, "but you can prove it by putting Deetmier on the radio. And give me a visual," Hastler added.

Kimbra looked to Zed.

He nodded. They had expected such a reply.

"Very well," Kimbra said, running her fingers through her long white hair. "Switching to video," she nodded to Zed as she flipped the switch.

A bearded man appeared on Kimbra’s display. This was Captain Hastler.

Zed switched his simulator on line. "This is Deetmier," Zed said into the pickup.

Kion slipped on a headset so he could listen to the outgoing message without interfering with Zed’s concentration. It also would prevent feedback that would be a dead giveaway that something was up. He then switched the pilot's main display to the outgoing transmission. A realistic computer generated image of Deetmier appeared. The low resolution output of ships’ video made it look real. Deetmier was shown with a fresh wound above the left eye. It looked as if he sat at the Skysurfer's pilot's seat.  Deetmier's voice radiated from his headset. The voice matched the movement on screen perfectly.  The specialized computer took every movement and sound that Zed made and replicated that of Deetmier. Kion noticed a half second time delay.  Surely, it wouldn't be noticed over on the Kindred.

"So we meet again," Captain Hastler said.

Zed squinted his eyes. He wasn't sure if it were a test or not. "Sorry, but I have been drugged and beaten. My mind is still a little fuzzy."

The captain nodded once.

"Give this woman mercy." Zed rubbed the fake wound above his left eye. He winced as if it was still painful. "She married that Borman just to gain their confidence," he said in the event they knew of it. "Then when the opportunity came she blew the place up, getting me out." The Borman clan had blown up one of their secured buildings in central city just for this mission. It had been the site where they had let known Deetmier had been shipped to. "She at least deserves an audience with her father."

Captain Hastler looked off screen for a moment. Kion assumed he was silently asking for verification of this information from someone out of sight. He nodded once then looked back to the video pickup. "Is there anyone else with you? Any cargo?" He asked this because he would receive the cargo and ship if he chose not to destroy it. In either event he would be rewarded. He would still collect the bounty. It may be worth the risk if the ship carried something worthwhile.

Kimbra switched her channel on. "The Borman were loading the ship when I stole her. What it is, I don't know. I haven't taken the time to look, but I do still have a few bombs left along with the weapons I took."

The captain's thick brow lifted as if contemplating the information.

"You can have this ship." Kimbra twisted the ends of her platinum blond hair as she pleaded. "Or you can do whatever you want with it.  I just asked that you escort us to Alantet first."

Destroying the ship would be easiest, but bringing it in could give Captain Hastler greater monetary rewards. He would also add the ship to his fleet of vessels, insuring continued profit increases. "I will grant you mercy," Captain Hastler ordered. "Power down your drive and weapon systems and prepare to be boarded."

Kimbra glanced over to Kion. Kion waved and nodded. "Powering systems down now." Kimbra's voice was still anxious and didn't sound relieved at all.

Kion hoped Hastler wouldn't think anything of it. He ran his finger across the front his neck indicating to Kimbra that the systems were down.

"We will wait your arrival," Kimbra added, "Skysurfer out." She threw the switch and the screen went blank. She sighed.

"Excellent job, Kimbra," Zed praised, "phase one completed."

"Apparently not good enough!" Kimbra exclaimed. "We are about to be boarded!"

*   *   *

Moricron viewed the interstellar ship’s preliminary reports on the wall’s main display. He read that the engineers indicated the ship had all standard Borman technology. Only the interstellar drive was new. They also reported its primary component had not been installed. Moricron had expected as much since he had ordered the ship’s early seizure. He would have considered its presence a bonus. Without it the ship was nothing more than bait. True they would learn all of its secrets that would have taken them a few years to design themselves. And would be the case only if they managed to keep it in one piece after this episode has played out. Unless ….

Moricron opened a connection to Professor Keyler. The image of the thin, gray headed man replaced the report on the wall screen. He was standing in the foreground of the quantum exciter’s main control room. “Professor,” Moricron boomed. “Have your people been able to find the correct substance the Borman were using in the interstellar drive?”

“No Chief,” he hesitantly said. “I had to pull all of my personal to put them on the modification of the quantum exciter to meet your deadline.”

That option was out, Moricron thought, grinding his teeth. He shouldn’t let this anger him, but it did. He had already knew what the answer was. “Very well,” he grumbled. “And will you meet the deadline.” His voice said that it was no question.

“Yes Chief,” Keyler answered. “We should be able to even run some testing to insure its stability.”

“Excellent,” Moricron grumbled, cutting the connection. If they lost the ship, so be it. Control over the solar system was far more important.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Sandra sat in the back seat of the cargo vehicle, studying the gift that Ablelec said was from their Chief Elder Botrey Imul. It was a statue of a naked woman flying on the back of a creature similar to the Zor’s except it had more of an appearance of a two legged horse with the head that looked like a pick axe. Ablelec said it was the god of good fortune and prosperity.

They were half way to Ablelec’s home now. Ablelec glanced back at Sandra holding the statue. He knew its real purpose. It was a homing device that would be activated once they left Terra’s atmosphere and send an intermittent pulse so they could track the ship’s location. This type of device was not new and was widely used. They are very hard to detect as well. He wondered if this was the very type of device that may have been placed on the vehicle. He glanced at a small device that he placed on the dash. It would detect any electromagnetic bursts for a wide range of frequencies. It would at least tell them if they were being tracked or bugged, but so far it had detected nothing.

Ablelec drew a silent sigh of relief as he landed the cargo vehicle in their small clearing. They managed to make it back to their home without a single event. They quickly unloaded the vehicle and sent it back to Central City with one of his older sons returning the vehicle.

They had just enough time to gather blue berries and needed equipment for the next day’s trip. They would spend one last night in the tree village. The next leg of the trip would be on the giant Zors.

The next day they called in a total of seven birds, five would each carry a power cell, one of the four members of the Legacy’s crew, and Inibec. He had talked himself into going because of the promise Sandra and made to him. The sixth Zor would carry Ablelec and the last would be tethered to Ablelec’s bird, carrying the last power cell. Getting the noisy birds harnessed proved as difficult as Sandra expected, but they finally made it into the air and should arrive at the ship before night fall.

*   *   *

Moricron picked up the phone. He was sitting at his large desk awaiting this call. From Terra. “Yes.” He looked out the window at the green rolling hills and snowcapped mountains of Alantet.

“Sire,” the familiar voice addressed the Chief Elder of the Maheel clan, “we received the expected microburst from the Americans. They have left the settlement in a northerly direction. The device has been activated.”

“Good,” Moricron replied, “keep me posted.” A twisted smile grew on his face as he hung up the phone.   That should cause the Americans and the Imul clan problems in the least, if not ground their attempt permanently. Moricron was smart enough not to use any conventional weapon such as explosives. This way, after the incident, his clan could render the Americans aid since the Imul clan will have screwed up royally. If they did manage to get their ship off the ground, he had ships in space ready to track them back to their home world. Either way he would get the upper hand. He would just have to employ different means to get the same conclusion. The Borman certainly would be in a tizzy once they found out. So far he had that clan too occupied on other issues to notice even this little incident.

*   *   *

Unknown to Kion or Kimbra the Borman security detail had taken into account that they may be boarded. The security chief, Sepham, relayed the situation to the men in the cargo hold. They began to work, carrying equipment forward.

"What are they doing?" Kion asked after he turned around in his seat. He watched them carry a few cylindrical canisters into the airlock.

"This situation is actually the best we could have hoped for," Zed said ignoring the question. He turned to Kimbra. "Watch the Kindred's transmissions.  If they broadcast anything back to Alantet, let me know."

"They have already," she turned back to her console. "They still are, but it is in code."

The corner of Zed's mouth momentarily turned down. "We'll have to assume that Moricron knows."

"What have you got planned?" Kion asked again in a flustered voice. He didn’t like being kept in the dark.

This time Zed answered, but Kion didn't like the answer any better.  The timing would be critical. Not only that, they only had a short time to setup a lot of equipment. He checked his console to see how much time they actually had left before rendezvous. The dimple on his chin accentuated, they did not have as much time as he had hoped.

*   *   *

The Kindred circled the Skysurfer, making a final close inspection of her hull. The Kindred was about twice the size of the Skysurfer and crewed by at least nine people. It had the typical twin engine nacelle design of a Stearman built ship. It was painted with a menacing fire breathing swamp monster on its side.

"You are still in our gun sights," Captain Hastler warned over the radio. "My gunners will not hesitate to shoot if they see any signs of hostility."

"We will give none," Kimbra answered. She now held a breathing mask in her hand. She kept it below the console, out of the video pickup’s sight. She was the only person in the cockpit now. Except for Deetmier, she was supposed to be the only person on the ship.

She knew they could to see her because she could see two people in the Kindred's cockpit. They were close enough so that she could see that neither of them wore a pressure suit.  If anyone aboard that ship did, then the whole operation could fail. In the least it would be far more bloody. She gave a sigh of relief, not realizing it.

"Where is Deetmier?" Hastler demanded.

Apparently Hastler was one of the men in the cockpit. She wanted to take a pair of binoculars, or use the on board cameras to see which one he was. She knew she couldn’t. It might tip them off. "He’s back at the airlock controls, waiting your arrival." She toyed with her hair. It was now in knots.

"Very well," Hastler grumbled, "but warn him only to operate its controls at my command."

Kimbra turned and hollered toward the stern of the cockpit. She knew Hastler was watching. "You are to operate the controls only by his order." She was careful with the words she selected. If they were using hi gain cameras they would be able to read her lips, though she doubted it. She just wasn't taking any chances. "Anything outside his order will be considered hostile." It was the best warning she could give without giving any clues to her ex-clan.

"Don't worry," Zed hollered back. He wasn't visible, but his voice did easily travel into the cockpit. "We are ready here."

The Kindred was almost into position.  She spoke into the radio.  "We await your command." Kimbra sighed, watching out the port side of the Skysurfer. She continued to watch the menacing looking ship approach. Her palms were sweating.  She started to twist her hair again, but stopped, feeling the tangles.  How did she ever get into this position? She should be back on Terra, studying the ecosystem. She had started this whole mess thinking she was helping her father and absolving any clan obligations. Instead, he had used her and the Bormans like they were nothing, but a tool, a tool to be used once and thrown out. They were nothing more than a means of getting his way.

"Extend your docking tube." Hastler ordered, interrupting her thoughts.  The docking tube was a ridged frame sealed with an airtight, metalized fabric. Some ships required the use of them, due to the size of the ships or position of their airlocks.

Kimbra looked over into the Kindred’s cockpit. She easily could see the men now. She turned toward the stern and relayed the message back to Zed. She then watched the rectangular tube unfold and extend to full length. The Kindred did the same and they slowly approached Skysurfer's tube. They carefully mated with it. Their pilot was good. She didn't feel a thing, not even a little nudge. Only a faint latching sound was heard.

"We will pressurize the tube," Hastler stated. "If you do, we will consider that a hostile act and take appropriate action."

So he was concerned with the possibility of a trap. Kimbra thought. She relayed the message back to Zed. While she waited for the next order, she watched the fabric in the docking tubes tighten. It was now pressurized.

"Open your outer lock," Hastler ordered. "You will then wait for inspection."

"He wants you to open the outer lock," Kimbra hollered. She noticed one of the figures had disappeared from the Kindred's cockpit.

About time, Zed thought. He looked to the security chief, Sapham, and nodded his approval. Zed turned to Kion. He was operating the airlock controls. "Open the door," Zed said. All of them had masks draped around their necks. The rest of the security detail were waiting in line behind Sapham. All of them wore the blue and gray uniform with a utility belt around their waist. Most of them carried laser pistols in their hand. A couple had rifles over their shoulder.

Kion nodded and pushed the appropriate buttons and the outer hatch began to open.

Both Zed and the security chief stared into a portable monitor. They had mounted a small camera with their surprises on the walls of the airlock. They now had a clear view down the docking tubes.  The hatch at the far end was closed. It had no windows in it. They locked targeting sights on the center of the hatch.

"Our outer hatch is open," Zed relayed back to Kimbra, who in turn repeated to Hastler.

The hatch at the far end slowly opened. There were three people in the cramped airlock. Each carried a weapon in hand. If they saw anything strange in the Skysurfer's lock they didn't have time to react. The moment the door was fully open the security chief pressed the fire button on his controls. Two small missiles with armor piercing tips shot though the tubes. They pierced through the closed inner hatch of the Kindred. The torso of two of the men erupted in a gory mess as one of the missiles passed through both of them. They didn't even know what had happened.  It had happened too fast.

Both missiles carried a gas bomb. Within seconds, everyone aboard was either dead from the missiles striking or unconscious from the gas they expelled.

Two cylinders in the airlock of Skysurfer expelled gas as well, in case the dosage wasn't high enough. The remaining man in the airlock leaped into the weightless tube to reach the Skysurfer, but he was unconscious before floating across the tube's length. He bounced down the tube and into Skysurfer's airlock. Hitting the artificial gravity, he fell to the floor of the airlock.

“The person in the cockpit has slumped over,” Kimbra reported

"Good, masks on!" ordered the Borman security chief.

Everyone obeyed including Kimbra in the cockpit.

The security chief nodded to Kion to open the inner hatch. The moment he did, the security crew stormed through. Kion closed the hatch behind them to minimize the amount of gas getting into Skysurfer’s system. Kion and Zed looked into the monitor watching the team float as quickly as they could across the tube.

"Now we wait." Zed sullenly said, watching the last man in the line stop at the unconscious man in the airlock. He bound the man's hands and legs and secured him to the frame of a missile launcher. He then moved on, following the rest down the tube, past the gory dead bodies.  By the time he reached them, the others had the inner lock opened and were already in the Kindred.  He disappeared into the innards of the ship like the rest.

Kimbra intently watched out the cockpit with the mask over her mouth and nose.  She had seen the man in the cockpit collapse, but was unaware of the gory mess in the tube. She appreciated the lengths the Bormans were taking to reduce casualties on both sides. It pleased her to see she had married into a clan that valued human life. Most clans these days didn’t. She watched one of the Borman grab the collapsed person in the cockpit and drag him out of sight. Another Borman sat in the pilot's seat. She saw that it was Sepham, the security chief.

"Ship is secure," Kimbra heard over the radio. It was the voice of Sepham. "Air recycling has been turned to maximum.  We should be able to open the lock in seven minutes."

"I will relay the message to Zed," Kimbra answered through her mask. "Any casualties?" she hesitantly asked.

“None of our personal injured.” The chief paused for a moment. "Two out of the ten in Kindred’s crew were killed. Sorry, Kimbra, it was unavoidable. One of our armor piecing missiles had struck them."

For an instant she felt anger before her rational mind subdued it. "Very well," she regretfully said.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Suddenly Sandra heard a shrill screech. The Zor she rode flinched and began to fly erratic, darting back and forth much quicker than she would have thought the large creature capable of even without the load it carried. She held on for dear life.

Another screech, this time her bird dived to the left just has a larger object dove between her Zor and Dr. Rena Homes’ bird. It was another giant bird, but of a different species. It was larger than the Zors with a pickaxe shaped head. Rena’s Zor pealed to the right, just being missed by the long pointy beak.

“A Pickhead Flyer!” Inibec yelled in surprise, fear and excitement just to see one.

“To the ground.” Ablelec shouted while trying to maintain the two birds he had under his control. The harness that held the power cell and tethered rope on the trailing bird, snapped. The loosen harness slipped off the bird spilling the power cell to the ground. The freed Zor veered off racing away at full speed carrying no burden at all.

Sandra followed Ablelec and Inibec down while looking over her shoulder. Thomas was following behind her, but Rena was still being attacked by the Pickhead Flyer. Bruce stayed with her, trying to force his bird between Rena and the raging creature to shield her from the next dive. This time, as the dragon dove in, it struck out with its long sharp claws. Bruce caught two of them in his side and his bird was snagged by one as well. The Zor veered out of the way to avoid more injury. Bruce managed to hang on.

The Pickhead Flyer continued to attack the Zor Rena rode. Her Zor turned onto its back in midair trying to protect itself with its feet. Rena slipped off, screaming. The safety tether held and she found herself hanging by an ankle. She reached out for the power cell that still hung from the bird. She missed as both giant creatures fought and flapped their wings. The Pickhead snapped at the Zor, biting deep into its breast and snapping the harness. Rena and power cell fell loose from the bird.

“No!” Bruce hollered ignoring his own pain. He pushed his injured bird to dive after Rena. She screamed as she fell.

Rena’s Zor limply flapped its wings to the ground as well, blood dripping from its breast. The giant Pickhead Flyer made one more dive at the Zor then seemed confused, it then turned on the falling Rena and the power cell. It abruptly turned away as both hit the ground. It circled the area twice then headed back in the direction it had appeared.

Bruce landed his bird as if he were a skilled flyer and jumped off before it had even started to fold its wings. He ignored his own pain as blood dripped from the wound. He ran to Rena’s side and knelt beside her. Blood oozed from her mouth and nose and at several other places where broken bone had pierced the skin. Tears ran down Bruce’s cheek. She was not breathing. From the angle of her head he thought her neck may be broken as well. He caressed her cheek and ran fingers through her hair.

“I’m so sorry.” Bruce heard someone say. He wasn’t sure how long he had been there with Rena. He looked up to find Sandra by his side. He looked behind her and saw that the others had landed as well. Inibec and Ablelec were rounding up the Zor and Thomas was walking up. “It’s not your fault.” Bruce finally mumbled, pressing on his bloody aching side. He could no longer ignore it.

“I know,” Sandra said, “I know how much she meant to you.”

Thomas stopped at Sandra’s side and took one look. “She will have to stay.”

Bruce jumped up and grabbed Thomas by the collar, his face red. His free hand balled into a fist.

“No Bruce, Stop!” Sandra admonished. “This won’t help Rena.”

He released Thomas and pushed him away. “I’m going to at least bury her.” And walked passed Thomas toward the landed Zor, holding his side. He collapsed before even reaching half way.

*   *   *

Kion and Kimbra stepped passed the unconscious man whom now laid in the lounge of the Skysurfer. A Borman security person had moved him into the ship. He would be unconscious for quite some time. Kion recognized it to be Captain Hastler.

Kimbra watched the blue and gray uniformed man who was tending to Hastler’s restraints. “Has he been harmed?” Kimbra asked the security officer.

“No,” the officer answered respectfully, “but he will awake to a bad headache.”

Kimbra nodded and followed Kion to the open airlock. She gave the canisters in the airlock a brief inspection.  She noticed the two empty racks where the missiles had launched from.

Kion moved on into the tube, grabbing handholds as he went down the weightless tunnel.

Kimbra followed behind him with the same ease and grace that he showed with his long years of experience in space. She had come a long way from being a grounder in the last two months. This didn’t stop some of her fears. She still hated floating through a tube that only had a thin fabric protecting her from the vacuum of space. She knew the fabric was unbelievably strong, but it didn’t stop her from imagining herself accidentally puncturing the wall with the slightest touch of her hand or foot.

Unexpectedly Kion stopped short of the Kindred's open airlock. Kimbra bumped into him, almost pushing him into the gory mess that was still in the airlock. Kion winced. "Try to keep your lunch down," he said, swallowing his own vomit back. "Try looking off to the right."

Kion's warning came too late. She had already seen the crimson gore. She slapped one hand over her mouth and hung onto Kion with the other, forgetting her earlier fears. She couldn't stop it and turned her head in time to miss Kion. The vomit spewed forward into the gravity field of the Kindred and fell into the gore. She pushed Kion forward into the Kindred’s gravity field and they stepped passed the mess as quickly as they could. The mess would be cleaned up last, if they had time.

Kimbra's normal pink face had turned to a ghastly yellow. "You okay?" Kion asked after they closed the inner lock behind them.

"I will be." She swallowed and grimaced.

Kion found the kitchenette and poured a glass of water. "Here, this will help." He handed it to Kimbra.

She took it with a nod and sipped it slowly.

Zed approached them. "As soon as we get all the prisoners moved over to the Skysurfer and everything secured here, we will be on our way. Half of the security team will accompany us here on the Kindred while the other half will fly the Skysurfer in. They will watch over the prisoners." This way the main assault team would be in the larger, more rugged spacecraft and not have to worry with the prisoners.

"Don't we need to be on the Skysurfer?" Kion asked. "What if Moricron wants to talk to Kimbra?"

Zed shook his head. "By the time we reach Alantet, we will have Captain Hastler's image and voice print loaded into the simulation computer. He will explain that he has her confined on the Kindred."

"I see," Kion said. "One of our security men will masquerade as one of the Kindred's crew here and Kimbra will have a legitimate reason to be here if she must speak."

"What about those coded transmissions we intercepted?" Kimbra asked. The pink hue had returned to her face.

"Sepham has already broken into their system.  We will soon know exactly what was sent back to Alantet, but for now we will not need either of you until we reach Alantet. So …" he said, pointing to the lounge, "have a seat and relax."

Kimbra looked into the lounge. Two sleeping Maheel were laying on the floor. "In that case," she said quite relieved. "I'll find an empty bunk instead." She nodded once, gave a haggard smile and headed for the crew quarters.

"I'll join you," Kion called to her.

Zed gave Kion a pat on the shoulder as he stepped by. “Sorry we couldn’t give you two a good honeymoon.”

“It’s not your fault,” Kion replied. “It’s just the times we live in.” He turned toward Kimbra, not waiting for a reply. He knew she was too tired to do anything. Perhaps he was too, but laying in a bed beside her sounded like the most pleasant thing he could do.

*   *   *

Bruce died from his injuries and blood loss.  He was quietly buried by Rena’s side. Tears ran down Sandra’s checks as she stood over their graves. She had buried them the best she could with the tools at hand. She looked up to find that Thomas and Ablelec were examining one of the two damaged power cells that had fallen from the sky. Inibec had found both. She went over to them.

“What do you think?” Thomas asked Ablelec. They were down to four power cells the minimum that Bruce said they would need. He was careful not to show it, but he was glad that Rena and Bruce were taken care of for him. He just wished it hadn’t cost them two power cells in the process.

“Not sure.” Ablelec said coldly. “You might be able to make one good one out of both.” He picked up a piece of the casing and pulled a small object that was stuck to the inside. He examined it closely and frowned.

“What is that?” Thomas asked.

“A transmitter.” Ablelec turned it over in his hand. “This explains why the Pickhead attacked us. Certain high frequencies will agitate them to the point of

aggression.”

“Well we now know why someone broke into the truck.” Sandra stated.

“Worse still,” Ablelec added. “This someone or more specifically, a clan, doesn’t want this mission to succeed, a competitor nor doubt. If we had the tools here, I would suggest we search all of our cargo for another such device. They are likely to have planted a locator as well.” That’s what he would do if he were them.

“We really can’t afford the time to do it.” Thomas said. He hoped he understood this society well enough to know, but he decided to ask anyway. “Will this clan try to take our ship?”

“I doubt it.” Ablelec answered immediately. “They are more subtle then that.” He thought for a second. “Though, they might try something after you get into space beyond the protection of my clan.”

Subtle was the word for it. If Inibec hadn’t found the smashed power cell, they would have never known. “Okay then,” Thomas replied. “We will worry about that later.” He doubted they would be able to follow them through time. Once they got the ship up and running, leaving the power cells behind might help, but he doubted. By that time they would have the ship located and probably watched.

*   *   *

Kion and Kimbra woke to the noise of an emergency siren. Kion hadn't a clue how long they had been asleep, but as refreshed as he felt, it must have been for quite a while. He helped Kimbra from the bed. They had been pressed into a bunk designed for one. Neither minded the closeness, but Kimbra had been the one plastered against the bulkhead. She stretched a moment allowing Kion a head start. They ran to the cockpit and stopped short of the open hatch, just in case they were in visual range of another Maheel ship.

"What's going on?" Kion asked through the hatch.

Zed turned to look at them. He, as well as the security chief, were wearing the uniforms of the Kindred’s personnel. "We have three Maheel ships coming out to escort us in," Zed explained. He silenced the alarm.

They stepped into the cockpit. "Are you going to let them?" Kimbra asked, standing in the aisle.

"No choice," Sepham said. "They did say they were going to escort us back to Alantet and that is where we want to go."

Kimbra stared down at the display showing the approaching ships. They were still a ways off. "I just hope daddy's not on one of those ships." She couldn’t bear the thought of facing him right now. She felt Kion put his arm around her.

"Why?" Zed asked.

"He would want to board this ship and I can't face him just yet." Several conflicting emotions flashed across her face, regret, anxiety, anger and fear. Her soft blue eyes did not conceal her concerns.

Kion gave her a reassuring hug. "We'll keep you safe."

She didn't acknowledge his comment and continue to stare into the screen.

"Actually, having Moricron come aboard would be the best scenario we could hope for," the chief declared.

"Why?" Kion asked.

Kimbra’s eyes widen in shock.

"We wouldn't get a better chance to capture him," the chief eagerly explained. "We wouldn't have to recapture our ship. We could use him as an exchange or simply take him back to Terra to face clan council. Between this and the Celet disaster, he would face many major charges."

Kion nodded in understanding. The ship would become a secondary issue. War could immediately break out. In fact, if it happened, they would have to fight their way back to Terra. If they did get safely back, Moricron would face those charges. "Then those will be the very reasons he won't."

"That's assuming he suspects the true situation," Zed said.

"If he did, they would just blow us out of the sky," responded the security chief.

"So what do we do? Kimbra asked.

"We play it by ear until we reach Alantet."

Kion didn't like the sound of that. He looked to Kimbra. She didn't either. Without a carefully thought out scrip, people could unnecessarily get killed.

*   *   *

"I don't care what the problems are!" Moricron bellowed to the project manager on his main screen.  "Your own reports said the modifications to the quantum exciter were ready." He clinched his jaw.  He had already given the Borman's and Terra an ultimatum. Now this imbecile tells me it’s not ready!

Professor Keyler swallowed. "It is functional," the scientist insisted. "It's just our testing has shown the sensors for the control system may over heat when operated at full power for an extended period of time," he explained again. Right now the quantum exciter was operating in a low power mode, focusing its energy to Alantet’s core. “If that happens we could lose control.” Moricron had interrupted him the last time he tried giving a detail explanation. This time he made it short. He dared not show his frustration to Moricron. "It is our opinion the system should be taken off line to make more modifications."

"How long would it be down!" Moricron demanded.

"Only a week, Chief, to make the changes at every site," Keyler answered. "We're convinced we have the solution."

"A week!" Moricron roared. "No, the exciter stays on line."

"Chief, it's just a simple material swap out," Keyler tried to explain further. He managed to keep his voice in a respectful tone. "The replacements are already at most of the accelerator sites."

"The quantum exciter stays up!" Moricron insisted. "When this crisis is over then you may bring it down. Then, only by my direct order." There was silence for a moment while they eyed each other through the viewing screens. During this time Dormuth entered the room. Moricron spared him only a cursory glance. Only Dormuth would enter without prior announcement. "Is that understood?" Moricron gazed back at Keyler.

"Yes, Chief Clansmen," The quantum exciter's lead scientist humbly replied. He gave a slight bow of respect. "Your orders will be followed."

"Be ready to bring it to full power and redirect its energy on a moment’s notice." Moricron warned. At the moment the quantum exciter was working perfectly. The entire planet was slowly warming up in a slow controlled manner. In a year, all of Alantet would be habitable with blue seas and blue skies.

Moricron cut the connection without waiting for a response from the head scientist. He turned to Dormuth who was patiently waiting at his side. "Yes, trusted elder. What is it?" Moricron's voice, still full and resonant, had changed to a more respectful quality, as if addressing an old friend.

Dormuth gave a slight bow. "We have received news on your daughter."

Moricron's back straightened. "Kimbra?"

"Yes, clan leader. We just received a coded message from Captain Hastler of the Kindred. They have just rendezvoused with the Skysurfer and are about to board her. It seems Kimbra has heard of the bounty on her head. She has asked for mercy and wishes to speak with you in person."

"Really?" Moricron's brow rose. He had hoped she would come around. Did he dare believe it?

"Yes chief, she also claims that she rescued Deetmier from the Bormans to show her sincerity."

Moricron was silent for a moment, staring out the panoramic windows, watching the snow covered mountains. At this distance he could not tell that the snow was slowly melting. Though he was still angry with Kimbra, he did regret placing the bounty. Looking back, he knew he would have done it again. It was the only thing he could have done if he wanted to retain total power. "Do you believe this?" If true this would be the only way he could save her.

"Hastler claims he has talked to Deetmier himself. It seems Kimbra has had a change of heart and betrayed her husband and new clan."

That would fit some of the reports coming out of Terra. Moricron felt something fill the emptiness where Kimbra was once in his heart. How he wanted his daughter back.  Perhaps now she will elect to stay on Alantet if she could be pardoned.  Once he's convinced of her sincerity, he could put her in charge of Alantet's ecosystem. They would need an ecosystem specialist once the planet warmed up. "Dispatch our available ships to help escort her in."

"Three have already been redirected," Dormuth informed. "That is all we can spare from our defensive screen around Alantet. Due to the distances involved they will meet up half way here."

"That will be satisfactory." Moricron turned his gaze back out the windows. The only local evidence of the warming climate was the amount of water the local river now carried.  "Have her land here." He looked back to Dormuth.  "If that ship deviates from its course, make sure our crews know they have permission to shoot." If this was a trick ... he did not want to think along those lines. He wanted his daughter back, but the plans he had in place for the Borman would not change no matter what happened.

"Yes chief, understood."

*   *   *

To Sandra, the sight of the Legacy brought tears to her eyes. Though it was a wonderful sight to see, three of her crewmen had not returned to see it. It was now partially concealed by vines and other small growth. Captain Beck and Professor Olson Davis met them at the bottom of the ramp.

Sandra was surprise to see how their appearance had changed. Both men looked remarkably younger. Their skin was less wrinkled and dry looking. Captain Beck now had short dark hair growing where his bald spot was and Professor Davis now had dark roots in his gray kinky hair. She glanced at Thomas and now noticed the same in him. She probably never noticed because she was with him as the changes slowly occurred. She wondered if she looked younger to them as well. She then wondered if she stayed on the planet long enough if she would develop the same eerier glow to her skin as the locals.

“It is so good to see you!” Sandra said.

Captain Beck nodded somberly. “Where are the others?”

Thomas gave a brief explanation and a summary of the trip.

Captain Beck frowned. He did not at all like hearing about his crew’s demise or the bugging of the cargo. He paused for a moment after Thomas was finished. “Well, at least you got what you went after. Get the stuff uncrated and inside.”

Inibec and Ablelec volunteered to help get everything unpacked, so that went quicker than expected. But when it came down to hooking up the power cells Beck only allowed Thomas to help Davis. Sandra was on the control deck running simulations on the modifications Olson Davis had made to the startup routine.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

“Give me that last clamp.” Olson Davis told Thomas. He had crammed himself into a tiny access hatch that went under the magnetic rollers. He barely could reach the power coupler that was the original access to the starter coils. He grumbled at the reasoning for its location. He now wished they had designed an external power connector, but knew the reasons they hadn’t. It was just one less item they needed to seal against the vacuum of space. Besides it was meant to be only a one shot need. There was no point to design and funnel a connector for easy access. It was the simplest design to get the ship running. Once they found their way home, if they found their way, he would suggest modifications to this ship and any others they may choose to build in the future.

“Here you go,” Thomas offered with gloved hands. The narrow hall was now blocked by five power cells. The casing was missing on one of them. It had been made from the two damaged units. They decided not to waste their time to find any bugs in the other power cells. They would dump them out the ship once they got it running.

Olson grabbed the clamp from Thomas’ hand.

Power cables snaked around the power cells and into the tiny cavern. Olson’s feet stuck out of with toes pointing up. The power cells were currently turned off. While Olson Davis worked, Thomas quietly took another short cable he had made and clamped it to the hot power lead. The other end was bare and he held it in his gloved hand, waiting.

“Ready for static power test.” Thomas heard Olson say. This was to insure proper connectivity and measure any leakage. “Flip the switch.”

“Powering up the cells,” Thomas stated, “now.” He flipped the switch.

“Power looks good,” Olson recited, “no leakage. We are in bus….”

At that moment Thomas stuck the bare end of the short wire up Olson’s pant leg. The man screamed and jerked as he was electrocuted. The man had taken off his gloves, given them to Thomas, to do the intricate work. He had forgotten to ask for them back.  Thomas was ready for the opportunity and seized upon it. Olson was touching ground as expected. The screaming lasted only a second or two. Thomas left the cable touching Olson a second longer then quickly disconnected it, coiled it up and tucked it in a cranny in the same access panel that Olson’s feet stuck out of.

Thomas quickly turned off the power and started to pull out Olson’s body, knowing the screams would draw attention. He pulled him out far enough to check the pant leg to make sure there weren’t any burned fabric to cover up. Good, there wasn’t. Now the leg was another matter. He would have to keep them from examining Olson’s body too closely. He still needed them and didn’t want to show his hand too soon.

Sandra was first to get there. “Help me get him out!” Thomas’ concern sounded real.

Sandra grabbed the other leg and they pulled.

“I think he’s been electrocuted.” Thomas said as they laid his limp body on the deck by the power cells. His eyes were open, staring into space and his hair seemed even more frizzy.

“What happened?” Demanded Captain Beck as he stopped on the other side of the power cells.

“He was electrocuted.” Sandra sounded horrified.

“He was running powered static tests. He said everything had checked and looked good right before he started screaming. I quickly turned off the power, but obviously not quick enough.”

Beck carefully climbed over the power cells. Saw that one of Olson’s bare hands was chard. He saw the pair of gloves on the floor by the access panel and picked them up. “You let him go in there without wearing these.” Beck demanded.

“No! I saw that he had them on when he was removing the panel.” Thomas answered. “Though I must admit I wasn’t watching when he crawled in. He must have taken them off while I was hooking up the cables.”

Beck said nothing more, but glared at Thomas as he slipped on the gloves. Olson was a good friend of his. How could this man allow Olson to break safety regulations? He sighed and reminded himself that Thomas was a specialist on the trip and not even military. He shouldn’t expect Thomas to know everything. He grabbed a small flashlight and climbed into the access, turned over on his back, leaving his feet sticking out.

Thomas hoped he wouldn’t shine the flashlight on that coil of wire that he stuck just inside the door. He would certainly notice it if he did.

Beck was in there a few minutes before asking them to help him out. As they slid him out, he had clutched in his other hand the melted test instrument that Olson used. “Looks like he may have touched the bare end of the probe with his fingers.” He showed them the end of the probe and the melted meter. “Fortunately for us everything in there appears intact and ready to start the rollers.”

“Not for Professor Davis though.” Sandra mumbled. She had hoped all the deaths had ended.

Thomas drew a silent sigh of relief, two left to go, but still on his terms.

“Leave him here for the moment.” Beck motioned to Olson. He turned to Sandra suspecting what she may feel needed to be done. “We need to get those rollers started before we lose any more power. Hard telling how much we lost with this accident and I’m not running anymore tests to find out.” He looked to Thomas. “Be ready to flip the switch when I give the go. It looks like Sandra and I will have to man the stations.” Sandra followed Captain Beck to the control deck, only once glancing back at the still form of Olson Davis.

Sandra took her station and Captain Beck occupied the engineering station.

“Flip the switch.” Beck ordered over the intercom after checking his console and getting a nod from Sandra that she was ready. They had shutdown Chip again to save power and wouldn’t be powered back up until after the rollers were restarted, assume they do get them started back up.

Thomas did not have to tell them that he had done his job. The indicators all came to life with positive readings. “All readings are good.” Beck said over the intercom. “Stand by for disconnect.” He paused for a second. “Make sure you keep those gloves on.”

“Acquiring positional status of rollers,” Beck informed Sandra, “relaying information to you.”

Sandra ran the program that Olson wrote. “Determination of starter coil sequence is complete. Setting the power up routine.”

“Throwing the starter relays.” Beck informed.

Several clicks ran around the circumference of the ship, followed by a loud pulsing hum. The lights dimmed. A short scraping quickly turned into the sound of wheels spinning.

“Disconnect external power now!” Beck ordered as he switched the system back to internal.

The lights brighten and rolling sound turned to the once familiar background hum.

“Rollers started!” Beck announced as if he needed to. “Power is now being generated in surplus. Get Chip back on line.” He ordered Sandra, “I’ll have to manually monitor the speed to insure the regulator is working properly until then.” He then added, “As soon as you are done there go help Thomas.”

Thomas knew what to do now. He was disconnecting the now hot power cells. The power draw had drained them of their power so quickly that even the insulation was warm. He climbed into the access and carefully disconnected the claps that held the cables in place. They were dead now, but other things around him were now electrically alive. He slipped back out careful not to touch anything. He also grabbed the short roll that he had used to kill Olson with and rolled the other cable around it. By the time he had it stowed in its storage compartment Sandra was there to help him with the power cells.

“Can’t we ask Inibec and Ablelec to help us with these?” They had set up camp outside and where waiting to see the results. Both had promises they wanted the Americans to keep.

“Good idea,” Thomas answered, “go get them.” That would keep her out of the way while he inspected the area for any incriminating evidence. There wasn’t anything more he could do but bury Olson’s body. By the time he grabbed a shovel and had Olson’s body over his shoulder, Sandra came in with Inibec and Ablelec. Both looked over the dead man with curiosity.

“I’ll bury Professor Davis,” Thomas explained. “That’s the least I could do, I feel that it was at least partially my fault that he was electrocuted.”

Sandra was surprised to see any kind of compassion or guilt from Thomas, maybe he wasn’t as bad as she thought. “Sure,” she said hesitantly, “we’ll take care of these.” She motioned to the power cells.

Inibec was obviously excited now, hearing the new sound. “You started the ship!”

“Yes,” Sandra explained somberly. It took the death of another crewman to do it, but she thought it best not to say anything about that.

“You do plan to keep your promise?” Inibec asked.

“Of course, but it will take a day or two to recharge the backup battery and re-certify the system.” She would have to remind Beck of their promise to Inibec. She wanted to at least keep that one.

*   *   *

The snowy planet of Alantet was now in front of them and closing fast. The Skysurfer and her escorts had just passed Alantet’s defensive line. Fortunately, no other ship offered to join them to the surface. They were waiting the arrival of the Borman Fleet. The Maheels had watched the Bormans gather at Terra’s moon then tear off on a vector for the Skysurfer. Of course the intercept point would have been just above Alantet’s surface. The Borman slowed their approach apparently when they realized they would have to contend with the Maheel fleet. At least, Kion knew, this was the impression the Bormans were trying to give. Was it working?

Whatever the case, the Maheel were preparing for an all-out assault. They weren’t taking any chances. Even one of the escorting craft stayed with the defensive line which dropped the number escorting the Skysurfer down to two ships. This part of the plan has seemed to work. The odds were still near one to one. Only when the fireworks started would they know if it would be good enough.

The four ships flew in formation with the two Maheel ships bracketing the Kindred and the Skysurfer. They were approaching the habitable green band around Alantet's equator. So far the Skysurfer has given no resistance and have cooperated fully. The two Maheel ships acted as if they suspected nothing amiss. They seemed satisfied with the way “Captain Hastler” had set the situation. The simulation computer was working perfectly. They had asked to talk to Kimbra early on and appeared to be satisfied with her responses. They had never asked to board either ship.

"Prepare to fire and break in thirty seconds," the security chief said confidently over the Kindred’s intercom. So far no radio communications have taken place between the Kindred and the Skysurfer since they met up with the other Maheel ships. All of the communications had been directed at the Maheel craft.

Kion now wore a Kindred uniform. He dare not wear a pressure suit. For that would surely tip off the Maheels. He now sat behind his dad at the weapons console. Kimbra sat across the aisle at the systems console while security chief Sepham and Zed filled the pilot’s and copilot's seats. The Kindred was large enough to require multiple stations in the cockpit as well as a manned engine room. Those positions were filled with Borman security personnel. They did wear pressure suits.

From Kimbra's point of view, this was the phase of the operation she hated the most. People would die, possibly even herself and Kion. She could not think of any way to avoid it either. Her stomach knotted just thinking about it. She kept telling herself that in the long run it might save lives, especially if her father could destroy a world as he threatened.

Kion slowly charged up the weapon system, hopefully, the Maheel ships wouldn't notice the increased power emanations. Why would they be scanning their own ship? Kion hoped that was their attitude. The laser's power cells were now primed for their first shots, still no reaction from the Maheels.

The Skysurfer was doing the same.

Kion set his sights on the Maheel ship off their port side. He couldn’t use the radar locking system for the Maheel ship would surely detect that. He had to use visual targeting only. At least until the shooting started, that is. The Skysurfer was targeting the other ship. They were waiting for the final order from Sepham.

“Your landing instructions will be obeyed.” The security chief heard Captain Hastler’s voice say over the radio as if he truly was talking from the cockpit of the Skysurfer. The computer was also sending a perfect image of him as well.

It was time. The chief switched the intercom on and turned the radio to another channel, one in which the Skysurfer would be listening to. "Now!" he yelled.

Instantly, the crew onboard both ships responded.

Kion fired, hitting his target in its power module. An instant after, the chief veered the Kindred down toward the planet while the Skysurfer fired on the other ship and pealed up and away from Alantet. This made it possible for the two Maheel ships to fire on one another.

Smoke and crystallizing air streamed from both Maheel ships. The hull breaches were severe, but apparently had not hit any key components. However, everyone unlucky enough to be caught in those compartments unprotected were now dead.

The Kindred was the larger and more powerful of the two ships, so both Maheel ships turned toward her. The ploy to get them to shoot at each other had not worked. The Maheel ships responded a little more sluggish then Kion would have thought. Perhaps they had inflicted some damage after all. The Maheels fired back with both missiles and beam weapons.  The Kindred shuddered under the barrage. The missiles had been hastily set to proximity detonation, therefore they suffered no direct hits. Sirens welled and warning lights flashed hull ruptures occurred in the engine room. It was now open to space. Fortunately, the security men back there with their armor plated pressure suits on had not been injured. Kion released a mental sigh of relief when someone from back there relayed a damage report to the security chief.

Kion returned fire with both missiles and lasers. The ship began to swerve from side to side, making targeting, even with radar lock, difficult. Most were misses. He gritted his teeth and tried to concentrate harder. He needed to quit wasting so many shots. Kion hoped the Maheels would have just as hard a time hitting them as they did the Maheels.

The Kindred shuddered under another hit. Artificial gravity dropped to zero. Only the seat restraints kept everyone in the cockpit from floating away.

The Skysurfer looped back down and chased after the two Maheel ships. The Skysurfer couldn’t use missiles and risk accidentally hitting the Kindred.  The missile’s tracking systems wouldn't know the difference between the enemy Maheel ships and the captured one. They had to use beam weapons only. The fact that the Skysurfer’s weapons contained Celet crystals did help make them more effective.

One of the Maheel ships suddenly veered out of control as the port impeller nacelle blew off. The ship hit the atmosphere, putting it into a tight spin. It burned into a flaming streak across the sky.

Kion had no time to watch that ship die. He continued to pound the other ship with everything he could. The Skysurfer turned its weapons on the remaining ship as well.

Kimbra had nothing to do, but watch. Sure she monitored the ships systems and bypassed those that went down and switched on backups, but she had plenty of time to see the fiery death. Her stomach knotted, knowing several of her clansmen had just died.

Suddenly, the last Maheel ship jettisoned its fusion core module and veered off to space on battery power. Its impeller drives were not mounted to the power module like Kion's first ship, the Traverse. They had just enough power to escape orbit.

The Skysurfer swung wide to avoid the exploding power module then altered course to bring the ship back to the Kindred. The Kindred’s drive impellers were badly damage and the ship was handling poorly. They adjusted their heading to reach their landing site on the surface. The Borman's latest reports still indicated that the interstellar ship was still at an isolated spaceport in a guarded hanger. Kion just hoped the Kindred had enough left in it to get them there.

"Now let's find the Star Traveler and get out of here!" Zed said over the radio.

"Let's hope they haven't moved it," Kion responded dryly. He watched the long range sensors. The Borman fleet was still approaching, now at flank speed. The Maheel defensive line was making moves to intercept, but none seem to notice the battle behind them. If they had, they were instructed to ignore them. If this were the case then it bothered Kion even more. What was waiting them at the spaceport?

Five minutes later the small spaceport came into view. Three ships were rising to meet them. Two were still just cubits off the ground when both the Skysurfer and Kindred launched missiles and fired their beam weapons. The two ships nearest to the ground exploded into millions of pieces. The debris rained down on the spaceport.  They third ship had gained altitude and air speed when one of its drive impellers was hit.  The nacelle fragmented and the ship careened off to port. It turned up side down then smashed into a snow covered mountain.

This was too easy, Kion thought. Then again, they may not have expected anyone to get passed their line.

The Kindred prepared to land. The ship was handling poorly, but it was still manageable. With the artificial gravity out, they felt every bump, drop and maneuver.

“Prepare for landing!” Sepham hollered. “Assault team to the cargo bay!”

Everyone, but the pilot, abandoned their posts and stumbled their way to the loaded cargo bay. They grabbed their weapons and packs then made their way down the narrow hall created by crates stacked in the cargo hold. Kion hoped none of the securing straps would break. He imagined the heavy boxes tumbling down on them. They stopped at the hold’s main hatchway.

Skysurfer zoomed ahead, firing the Celet lasers at the blast doors of the suspected hanger. The doors melted away revealing the interstellar ship inside. No one would ever mistake its unusual shape.

Black suited men rushed out of the open hanger, carrying laser rifles. They took cover amongst the debris and fired up at the two ships. The small arms fire cause little damage.

The Kindred landed hard, knocking several people off their feet. The ship was just a hundred cubits away from the opening.  Its cargo hatch was now opening. By the time it was fully open, the crew was back on their feet, ready to rush out.

The Skysurfer placed itself between the Kindred and the hanger, hovering just a few cubits off the ground. Making herself the Maheel’s primary target, she poured out her fire. The ship destroyed everything between the Kindred and the hanger, including the humans that were firing up at her.

"Clear!" Kion heard over the radio. This was their signal. They rushed down the ramp toward their destination, carrying weapons and equipment.  Kion saw his ship, sitting undamaged, inside. It now had a beauty all its own, one of speed and majesty.  His determination doubled to reach it. As he ran under the Skysurfer and into its shadow, Kion noticed a stream of smoke billowing from its power module. It had not gone undamaged either.

They were now just forty cubits from the hanger when the Skysurfer exploded above them from a new barrage of incoming missiles. It sent shrapnel in every direction. Huge chunks of the ship plastered the field.  Two of the Borman security were smashed by one large piece. The blast threw everyone to the ground. Only three people slowly climbed to their feet, Kion, Kimbra and a security officer.

Kion felt a stab of pain in his left arm, but ignored it as he rushed to his father's side. The older man was attempting to stand, but didn't have the energy. His back was a bloody mess.

Kimbra hobbled over to meet Kion. The security man ran to his side as if uninjured. Zed was the only other person moving. Everyone else was obviously dead with missing or crushed body parts. Some of the bodies had come from the Skysurfer, for Kion noticed some of the dead wore the uniforms of the captured Maheels.

"Go," Zed wheezed to Kion when he lifted his head. Blood dripped from Zed's mouth and his bloody back bubbled when he breathed. Zed coughed and pushed the case he had been carrying toward Kion.

Kion shook his head. "I won't leave you!"

"You must," Zed gasped in agony, coughing up blood, "for Terra." He pushed the case once more and went limp. Lifeless eyes now stared up at him.

Kimbra grabbed the case and nudged Kion forward. The security officer gave Kion a hard push. “Move or you’ll kill us all!”

Kion resisted their efforts until he realized Kimbra was hurt as well. Her calf was bleeding and she was limping. He had to get her to safety and there was only one way he could do it. With a glance at his father, the gun slipped from his hand. His gut hurt, but it wasn't from any physical injury. He took the case from Kimbra, picked his gun up and put his arm around her. At their best speed, they made their way into the hanger. The last security officer led the way with gun in hand.

While the remaining three were running for the hanger, the Kindred did an emergency take off and headed for the new foe that had destroyed Skysurfer.  Its damaged engines protested with a bad roar. The Borman security chief would have his hands full flying the wounded machine while trying to fire weapons at the same time.

"Hurry up! We don't have much time," the security chief, piloting the Kindred, warned the three survivors over the radio. He knew their hope of a successful mission now was low. He saw that only three had made it into the hanger. He had to buy them as much time as he could. He raced straight for the attacking craft.

The three reached the main airlock of the interstellar ship. The security officer punched in a code. "It’s locked!"

"Let me try." Kion nudged the officer out of the way. "They couldn't have found all my codes." He had several hidden in the ship’s memory. Only a complete memory wipe would get them all. He knew the Maheels wouldn't do that. They would lose too much important data.

The security officer scanned the area while Kion worked with the hatch. No more signs of resistance. The door opened and the officer charged through, shoving Kion aside. The inner hatch was already open. He rushed on into the lounge.

Kion and Kimbra followed, closing the outer hatch behind them. Small arms fire erupted. Kion rushed forward in time to see both the security officer fall along with a man in a gray lab coat. The Maheel was still alive, but wounded. He attempted to bring his gun to bear on Kion. Kion was quicker, firing two pulses into the man's already bloody chest, killing him.

Kion stood in shock, dropping the case Zed had given him.  His dad was dead and now this. He had never intentionally hurt anyone in his life, at least up to this day. Sure he probably killed people on the ships he was aiming at, but that was so impersonal. It was a different matter seeing a person’s chest explode before your very eyes. The reality of the situation hit him hard.

Kimbra reached his side and had already assessed the situation. She placed her hand on his shoulder.  "Kion..." She gently nudged him. "Kion..."

He closed his eyes, shaking his head.  "Right," he finally said. They had to hurry or all of this was for naught. He quickly checked the security officer. He was dead, shot in the face. He picked the case up and raced to the cockpit. He never thought that someone else could be hiding aboard.

This was Kimbra's next thought. She brought her gun to the ready position and followed Kion at a much slower pace, limping all the way to the cockpit. She kept her eyes open for any movement behind them.  She sat and turned to face the entrance.  "I'll watch the door.  You get us out of here."

Kion settled into the pilot's seat and grimaced at the pain in his arm. He began the emergency start up procedure. The Maheels could not change this, but they could have put a password lock on the system. They did, but Kion knew this ship better than anyone, at least the habitat module. He had other access codes hidden in the core system that he could have tried too, but that proved unnecessary. When the computer checked a password it always compared the entered code with his hidden access codes. He used the same code as he did at the hatch, knowing it would work.

Kion smiled with satisfaction when the new power module came to full power. The Maheels had not started dismantling it yet. He was told the new drive impellers would work exactly like the originals. He scanned the readouts. They were identical as before and the fields were building just as expected.

"Here we go!" Kion warned Kimbra in case he hit something as he steered the ship out of the destroyed hanger doors. The ship rose a half cubit off the floor and Kion pushed the throttle full forward. The ship accelerated, flashing passed the hanger doors without even a scrape. Kion banked the ship to the right and gave the ship a gentle climb. He wanted to get his air speed up before trying to climb to space. The ship could have gone vertical and headed directly for space, but the ship would have been a slower and easier target. Kion knew somebody was on the way here. The Kindred had raced off to meet them. This way he could determine what their best escape route would be.

His scanners were finally feeding data to his main monitor. Ships were coming in from all directions with no sign of the Kindred or that ship that had destroyed the Skysurfer. Escape was still looking slim and getting slimmer as time went by. If he didn't do something soon the Star Traveler would be in somebody’s targeting range. His mind froze. He didn’t know what to do. So he kept flying on a straight course, building up speed. He didn’t know what else to do. He hoped an opening would come soon, but didn’t expect one. Ships were closing from every direction.

*   *   *

The three remaining crew of the Legacy sat at the curved table in the lounge. Inibec and Ablelec were relaxing outside at the camp they had sat up.

“We need to honor our promise to Inibec.” Sandra argued. “The short flight will allow us to check out the systems in flight before attempting to exit through Northern Portal, as the locals call the ice opening. Besides we may still need their help if you want to find Andrew.”

Beck looked to Thomas. “Your opinion.”

“I agree with Sandra,” though his reasons were completely different. It would give him more opportunities to get rid of the last two crewman. Now the ship was up and running, he wouldn’t need them, only Chip. The hardest part he realized, would be to keep Chip believing they were returning to America. “Consider this too; if we are being tracked by one or more of the clans, then flying to the other side of the continent would keep them guessing where we would go next.”

“True,” Captain Beck responded. “I don’t like the fact that we will have to manually throw the breakers as we pass through the opening like a projectile. We would be dead ducks for those few seconds the breakers were thrown.” He wasn’t worried about the rollers coasting to a stop again. The breakers would only be off for a few seconds. “Chip,” Beck looked to ceiling. The old habit was hard to break. “Do you agree that all of the systems are ready for a flight test?”

“Yes sir,” Chip answered politely, “all systems have been certified for flight.”

“Good,” he turned to Sandra “Go get them. We’ll leave as soon as they are aboard. Bring them to the control deck.”

By the time Sandra was back Captain Beck had a holographic map of the planet floating over the pilot’s console. He was sitting in the pilot’s seat.

Inibec was wide eyed and straining to not jump for joy. Ablelec had to lean over to keep from hitting the low ceiling and walk with his hands on his knees to maintain balance. This was is his first time on the control deck and he was absorbing as much as he could while keeping an eye out for the gift that his clan had given the Americans. He knew it was still aboard. He saw it go in, but not come back out. It may be packed away somewhere for its protection. It didn’t matter where it was, unless it was intentionally shielded. Its micropulse signal would get out, but he would have liked to confirm its location.

“Show me on this map where Inibec wants us to go.” Beck said to Ablelec.

Ablelec looked at it a moment, not at all amazed with the technology, and pointed to position near the center of the large land mass.

Beck zoomed in on the area. Ablelec pointed at a dot that was simply labeled with a number. It was in the middle of nowhere, but their survey of the planet did pick it up as a small village with one large rectangular building near the center. Many smaller items dotted the fields around it. This village did not fit the typical pattern for a settlement, not even on this planet. “Chip, there’s the coordinates. I’ll let you fly us there.” Beck wanted to keep an eye on the two locals. “Have a seat.” He pointed to a couple of empty consoles. The consoles were shut down so pushing anything wouldn’t cause any harm. “I know they won’t be comfortable to you, but it beats standing.”

The roller’s hum increased to a soft whine and the ship slowly lifted off the ground. Dead branches that were place around the ship for camouflage and live vines that chose to grow there, slid off the Legacy. “All systems optimal,” Chip informed, “beginning horizontal flight.” The ship slowly sped up and increased to a cruising speed that Beck told Chip earlier to maintain. It was far below the Legacy’s maximum speed. It was just another precaution in case they were being tracked.

Sandra watched out the windows as the scenery changed. In the beginning it was all familiar to her, heading south in the general direction of Inibec’s home. They soon passed anything she had seen before. She began to see larger herds of animals roaming the territory. Many of them looked like giant kangaroos of various sizes and breeds, only most of these animals ran rather than hopped. Others, in fewer numbers were animals similar to rhinos, some had three horns while others had two. Again many of the animals looked familiar, and some of those she couldn’t place. As always this planet was similar to Earth and really different at the same time.

It took the Legacy only about two hours to travel half way across the giant land mass and reach their destination. This area was lightly forested with large pockets of open grassland. The ship slowed then hovered before the small village. The large rectangular object dwarfed the buildings around it. Those buildings seemed to be simple homes or out buildings. The only new construction was the large rectangular object. It sat on what appeared to be a flatten raise made of rock, certainly a stable enough foundation for the wooden construct. Again the thing looked familiar to Sandra, but why?

What surprised Sandra was the amount of people here. The construct was surrounded by hordes of people and parked flying craft, similar to those she saw in Central City. This crazy person that Inibec wanted to see certainly was attracting a lot of attention whereas the hovering Legacy didn’t seem to attract any attention at all.

Captain Beck took the controls and found a remote area to part the ship.

Thomas stood and took one look out the window that Sandra and Inibec had been looking out. “I have to take a closer look at this thing!” He couldn’t keep the amazement out of his voice and left.

Inibec anxiously followed along with Ablelec, trying not to lose his nephew.

Sandra could tell Thomas was eager to confirm something. She knew he understood a lot more than he let on. Now what was it? “I’m going too.” She left without even thinking about Captain Beck’s authority.

“Permission granted.” Beck mumbled to their backs and raised his brow. Something was going on with those two and it had something to do with the scene outside the ship. “Chip, deploy the remotes and record as much data about this place as you can. Try to locate this Noalec character, if possible, and record all of his conversations.”

A couple of quick, clicks were heard. “Remotes deployed. All external sensors and recordings are running.”

Beck stood and looked out the window, watching the four briskly walk toward the large crowd that surrounded the rectangular building. Was it a temple of some kind? Beck wondered. Hopefully, Thomas or Sandra remembered to grab a communicator.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

"We have a live feed now," Dormuth said to Moricron. The main viewer came to life on the far wall of Moricron's office.  It was a tactical feed from one of the ships. It took him only a brief moment to recognize all the symbols and orient it to the map. The interstellar ship was angling westward away from most of the intercepting ships. It, however, was headed in the general direction of the closest.

Moricron ground his teeth. His daughter had betrayed him again. He should have thought it possible considering she had done it once. He would never give her a second chance again. “Is my daughter on the ship?” He certainly hoped so. He didn’t want to think she were dead even after all the betrayal.

“It is a probability, but her last reported location was on one of the two ships we just destroyed.” Dormuth didn’t know if he should have been so blunt. Moricron was getting hard to read. It seemed now that he was in a constant state of anger, not a good condition for the leader of any clan. This worried Dormuth.

Moricron’s face reddened. He needed to find out. "Get me a comm link open to that ship!" he roared.

"We have already tried. They refuse to answer."

Moricron pounded on the arm of his chair. "Then link my console, so I can raise them myself. If Kimbra is aboard that ship, she will answer me.” He watched the ship turn directly for the closest interceptor.

"Yes Chief, I shall arrange it." Dormuth went to the wall intercom and began talking softly into it. Moricron never noticed how tight Dormuth’s voice was, nor did he realize the full extent of the conversation. If Moricron had he would have been as enraged with Dormuth as much as he was with his daughter.



*   *   *

"I'm turning for him." Kion finished explaining the situation to Kimbra.

Kimbra was still watching their back for any attack from within the ship. Up to this time she hadn't heard anything that might constitute a threat. She turned her head sharply toward Kion. "You're what!"

"If we can make it by him," Kion explained further, "then we will be in the clear. This is the only direction I see that will allow us to battle only one ship." The Star Traveler only had four missiles and a small laser for defense purposes only. After all it was meant to be an exploration vessel not a fighter. The Maheel ship came into range and Kion fired two of his four missiles. He hesitated on firing the last two, debating if they could be better used later.  Deciding, he then fired them as well.  He then put the ship in a steep climb, not waiting to see if the missiles would kill the interceptor.  He didn't expect them too, but hoped it would force that ship to deal with them instead of the Star Traveler.

The interceptor fired beam weapons and air to air missiles at the Star Traveler’s missiles. One of them made it though. The Maheel ship went into evasive maneuvers, firing out decoys. The missile chose a decoy and blew in a ball of flames.

"It worked!" Kion exclaimed, not believing it himself. It had delayed that ship long enough. He felt they were now high enough and moving fast enough that none of the pursuing ships could easily catch them. "We should be in the clear."

"This is Chief Moricron to escaping ship." The bellowing voice of the Maheel clan's leader came through the radio. Kion was monitoring all the channels, but hadn't planned on answering any. Kion glanced back at his wife. Her eyes had widened. Her gun dropped to the floor. "This is Moricron to escaping ship," he repeated. "Kimbra if you hear this, pick up the receiver." His harsh pronunciation made it an order.

Kion motioned her to the co-pilot's seat. "Answer it if you wish." She hesitated for a moment, looking through the cockpit hatch. Kion could only see a limited area of the ship’s lounge. "Close and lock it. I doubt that there is anybody back there."

She obeyed, locking the hatch and limping forward to the empty seat. She looked out the window. The sky was getting dark now. She picked up the headgear. "This is Kimbra," she said, pushing the transmit button.

"Kimbra, turn that ship around and rejoin our clan." Moricron's voice seemed a bit softer now. Though he was relieved to hear Kimbra’s voice he would say anything to get the ship back.

"No!" Her voice was as firm as his ever was.

"Return," Moricron demanded. "No harm will come of you." A part of him actually meant what he said. He did want his daughter back.  He would never trust her again, of course, and she would have to publicly renounce the Bormans and beg for forgiveness if she wanted to live, but the important thing now was the ship. And if it took lying to get it back …

"No, never!" Her eyes were watering.

"As your father, I demand that you return!"

"Never father!" A tear rolled down her cheek. “I can never trust you again!”

Moricron roared. "How dare you defy me!"

Now anger began to boil within Kimbra's remorse. "How dare you!” She roared equally loud, then taking a breath. “First, you used me to stifle political enemies.  Then you ordered the death of an entire community on Celet." Her voice began to rise.  Another tear trailed down her face.  "Then on top of it all, you used me and Kion as the instrument to make it happen.  Then if there was any hope left between us I learn you have put a bounty on my head and threatened to destroy an entire world."

"Kimbra listen  ..."

"I shall never listen to you again." She cut the connection burying her face in her hands.

"I hate to tell you this,” Kion gently said, “but we are not out of this yet." Kion tried to watch his instruments and Kimbra at the same time. "There are dozens of ships converging on us from space." The sky out the Star Traveler's cockpit was now black. The stars shined brightly as if nothing was happening.

Kimbra continued to sob into her hands as if she never heard. Kion knew that she had, but she was too emotionally drained to care. He reached across the aisle with his wounded arm and placed his hand on her shoulder. He never noticed the pain. With all the ships coming in they had no hope to make it through them. Now, all he cared about was to comfort Kimbra until the end. "I'm proud of you. Not many people are strong enough to openly stand against Moricron like that." His voice was calm with solid warmth behind it. Perhaps, he didn't care what happened anymore either. What mattered to him was Kimbra. "You will always have me."

"Right, for however long that is." Kimbra mumbled looking up from her hands.

"We'll get out of this," Kion said, not really believing it himself.

He then noticed that some of the intercepting ships began disappearing off his screen. He leaned forward for a better look, not sure what he saw.

"Attention Star Traveler," a familiar voice came over the radio. "This is Captain Siegh on board the Fairway. The Borman fleet is arriving on schedule. Go to the planned escape vector."

"See," Kion said to Kimbra as if he knew. This was a total surprise to him, though he did manage to keep it out of his voice. He realized how poorly his father and the security team had informed him. He knew nothing of the escape vector.

Kion switched on the radio. He started turning the ship for what looked like a hole opening in the Maheel line.  "This is Kion on board the Star Traveler, I don't have that vector, but think I see it." He finished his turn, continuing at maximum acceleration.

"You assumed correct," Captain Siegh's voice said over the radio. "Keep on that heading even after you pass the line. We will hold any opposing ships."



*   *   *

Moricron watched in horror as his ships were being blown apart. Apparently the new beam weapon designed with Celet crystals were more effective then even he expected. He ground his teeth and his cheeks turned beat red as he helplessly watched the interstellar ship slipped through the line. That ship shouldn’t have been able to escape. His fists balled, thinking how the Borman used his daughter to get passed their defenses. He would show them who had the superior weapon. "Bring the quantum exciter up to full power!" Moricron ordered with flames in his voice. "Focus the energy on Terra."

"But Chief …" Dormuth started to say.

"Do it!" Moricron thundered. "And tell Kimbra and all the Bormans that if she doesn't turn back now I will destroy Terra in thirty seconds."

"Yes Chief," Dormuth said. He managed to keep his voice neutral.  Had he known it would come to this? It didn’t matter. So far the elders would argue in Moricron’s defense. He was protecting Alantet. It would soon be defenseless against the Borman. The use of the quantum exciter was necessary.  The Maheel Clan's superiority was of the highest priority. He just wished Moricron would have been more diligent in protecting the interstellar vessel in the first place. More patients would have been helpful as well. It seemed he had lost all of that.

Dormuth hated seeing billions of innocent people die, but this is war, a struggle for power and superiority. Fortunately, only a few Maheel's were still on Terra. He wished he could have found a better way to achieve their goals.

Dormuth glanced back at his leader as he went to fulfill his orders. Was the use of the exciter really necessary yet? Had the star ship been allowed to escape? Was he using it as an excuse to destroy Terra? That was the simplest explanation, surely not, that would be insane, but at the moment he had no justification to replace Moricron.

*   *   *

"We've made it through!" Kion exclaimed, passing all the battling craft. Not a single shot had hit the interstellar ship.

Kimbra nodded. Her eyes were now dry and she seemed recovered now. "I hope someday my father will forgive me."

Kion now knew without doubt, that at the center of that hard exterior that Kimbra likes to project lay a soft tender heart. "Perhaps in time, but keep in mind, you have a new family now, the Borman clan. And we will always be forever grateful to have you.  Us Borman's consider you the most honorable and upright person in history, except maybe for Enoch."

She gave Kion a weak smile. To put her up with Enoch was a great honor she felt she didn’t deserve. She unfastened her seat restraints now that they were safe from the raging battle behind them. She leaned over and kissed Kion on the cheek.

Kion looked at Kimbra’s soft smooth leg. Lines of dried blood now trailed down her thigh. The wound was still bleeding, but not as bad as it had been. “You better take care of that leg. You’ll find the medical kit back in the cabinet.”

She gave him a caring look then looked at the bloody splotch on his sleeve. She opened the laceration in the clothe with her fingers to get a better look at his wound.

He winced from the pain.

“Looks like a piece of metal is still in your arm,” Kimbra said softly. “I better take care of this as well.” She started to stand, favoring her good leg, but stopped when a familiar voice came across the radio.

"Attention all Borman ships," Moricron's voice blared. It was on the broad band channel that all ships monitored. "This is the Chief Elder of the Maheel clan. I order you to cease all hostilities against my clan and the return of the ship you have just stolen. You have thirty seconds to comply or Terra will be destroyed."

Kion gave Kimbra a serious look. "This isn't over yet."

She returned the look. Worry lines appearing around her eyes.  She sat back into the co-pilot's seat and buckled up.

Kion did not expect his clan to answer. They were in the right and the entire solar system would agree. Moricron had to know it too.

Kion watched his rear scanners. The fleet continued to battle the Maheel ships, preventing any of them from chasing after the Star Traveler. He noticed that two of the Borman ships had broken off and were headed their way. Apparently they would be escorting the Star Traveler back to Terra.

"Do you have any idea what type of weapon your father has that could destroy Terra?" Kion asked.

Kimbra shook her head. "As far as I know, we don't even have enough nukes to do it."

"Very well then," Moricron's voice bellowed from the speaker a moment later. "Let the destruction begin."

The Star Traveler began to tremor. A soft tremor hardly noticeable at first, but it built quickly. Kion and Kimbra looked to each other for an answer as to what was happening. Soon they were able to feel it within their own bodies. It felt as if the trembling was coming from within every cell. Everything was beginning to feel hotter and hotter.

Kion yanked back on the controls. "We're in some sort of energy beam!" He sent the ship on a vector perpendicular to the plane of the solar system. The trembling subsided.

"The weapon is real," Kimbra said with horror.

"I hope Terra can survive it."

*   *   *

Dormuth stopped just outside Moricron's office, thinking about the task ahead. He had just come from another quick discussion with the other clan elders. He had called the meeting when the ground beneath them began to quake. Even Moricron’s biggest supporter, Ramseth, agreed that something was wrong with the quantum exciter and something had to be done about it. Shempler confirmed that Professor Keyler was already reporting problems.  Most of the elders had supported its use until they heard Shempler’s report and began to feel threatened by the weapon that was supposed to be protecting them. Moricron wouldn't like what he was about to do.

Dormuth looked at the guards that accompanied him, and told them to wait here. He wondered if he was making a mistake going in alone, but he owed his longtime friend this courtesy.

Dormuth sighed, opened the vibrating door and walked across the trembling floor. He did not need any instruments to tell that the tremors were slowly building. He could feel it in his feet. He stopped by Moricron chair and gave a respectful bow. "Chief we must shut down the quantum exciter! As feared, the emitters and control sensors are overheating.”

"No!" Moricron bellowed. He stared at the tactical display on the wall. He acted as if he hadn’t noticed the trembling.

"We must Chief, Professor Keyler says they can't maintain focus."

"No, I said!" Moricron didn’t take his eyes off the screen. He clinched his jaw.

"We have no choice! The entire crust of this planet is quaking because of it."

Moricron gave Dormuth a fierce look. His eyes threw daggers. "Only, and not until, Terra blows." His voice was full of hate. His face beat red.

"I must warn, we could destroy ourselves." Dormuth’s voice was taking on a pleading tone. He really wanted Moricron to back down. If he didn’t, this would prove that Moricron was now totally irrational.

"Most of the energy is still focused on Terra. It will blow first."

"But the spillage of energy could ruin the surface of Alantet." Dormuth pleaded outright. Moricron was giving him no choice. He had the authority to stop this insanity from the clan elders. How he wished he didn’t have to play this card.

"Which we will be able to recover from!" Moricron saw on the tactical display that most of the Borman ships have broken from the battle and were now heading toward Alantet's surface. A devious smile spread across his face. His ships were in pursuit.

"For the last time I request the exciter be shut down."

"No!" Moricron blared, slamming his fist into the throne's armrest. “We are under attack.”

“That you engineered!” Dormuth exclaimed.

Moricron ignored him now.

"Then you give me no option," Dormuth regretfully said. "By the joint power of the clan elders, I relieve you from leadership." This hurt him more than Moricron would ever realize. He never wanted the position and had supported Moricron the whole time. Only by the unanimous insistence of the clan elders did he accept this terrible duty.

"What?" Moricron couldn't believe the betrayal. He now gave Dormuth his full attention.

“You have given me no choice” Dormuth explained.

“I do not believe this!”

“I give you one last chance,” Dormuth hoped. “Shut the exciter down and you can remain in power.” Now Moricron’s own actions will show if he was still mentally fit. He had to come to his senses now.

Moricron could never back down now. If he did, his goal for supreme control would vanish. “No, I will never give up!”

"Then you give me no option, I relieve you of leadership." Dormuth shrugged toward the door. "If I give the signal, security is prepared to remove you by force. It’s your choice." The ground began quaking even more violently. It was hard for Dormuth to even maintain balance now.

"No," Moricron sounded dejected as if he was giving up. "That won't be necessary." He pushed a button on the chair's arm. A panel popped open. Moricron leisurely reached in. He abruptly pulled a pistol out and quickly aimed, firing several shots. Most went wild, because of the quaking, but a couple did strike Dormuth in the chest.

Dormuth only had time to widen his eyes before the beams hit him. Blood splatter out his back. He fell stiffly on his face, hitting the edge of Moricron’s throne on the way down. He was dead before hitting the ground.

Guards may show in a few minutes. Moricron didn't care. All he needed was a few minutes, then Terra would be destroyed and no one would challenge his authority again.



*   *   *

The hull of the Star Traveler began quaking again.  "I thought we were out of the weapon’s path," Kimbra said. Her eyes went wide when she began feeling the tremors within her own body again.

"We are!" Kion said with a wobbling voice. "And the force is building quickly." It hurt to even speak.

Suddenly, both screamed in pain. Every cell within their bodies felt as if they were going to rupture. An instant later the entire universe, both inside and outside the ship, seemed to flash white.

*   *   *

Sandra caught up to Thomas. Inibec and Ablelec were even further ahead of them now. “Wait up!” Sandra said trying match Thomas’ larger stride “Thomas!”

He paused just long enough for her to get to his side. “What?”

“What’s going on here? What are you not telling me?”

“We shall soon see.” This would be a great place to ditch the girl. Too bad he didn’t think to bring a knife and loose her in all of these people. They were now reaching the crowd and had to push their way through.

Sandra managed to stay with Thomas, always careful to watch him.  A party atmosphere permeated the throng. People were laughing, dancing and making what appeared to be jokes about the spectacle before them.

They reached the side of the giant building and started following the side of the structure toward a ramp that angled down from its side. Sandra noticed in puzzlement that the building appeared to be only resting on the rock below it and not fastened. Then again it was a large structure and easily could be secured to the ground from within. They reached the ramp and three men were standing at the entrance. All three were eight feet tall but one seem much older than the other two.

Thomas and Sandra stepped up on the ramp.

“Wait just a moment.” The old giant said to the other two. He stepped down to meet Sandra and Thomas. “You have decided to come?”

“No,” Thomas said, “I just needed a good look.”

The man truly looked disappointed. “It still isn’t too late, only after the hatch is sealed.”

Without another word Thomas started to leave, but Sandra grabbed his wrist. She tried to look inside, but couldn’t see much. Did she hear animals within? Thomas yanked his arm free and started back toward the Legacy. Sandra ran after him. About half way through the crowd Thomas stopped, turned and allowed Sandra to catch up. In one smooth motion he quickly balled his hand and swung it around connected with Sandra’s cheek. The blow spun her to the ground. He left her at a faster stride.

Dazed and not sure how long she had laid on the ground, she slowly got to her feet. No one had even came to her aid. She raced after Thomas hoping the ship was still there. She tried jumping to see over the horde of tall people. She couldn’t quite do it. She now ran as fast as the mob would allow her while screaming at the top of her lungs.

She broke through and saw the ship was still there. She didn’t quit running though, for the hatch was now closed. Good thing the atmosphere was as thick and rich with oxygen as it was, otherwise she would have been out of breath now. She continued to scream hoping that Captain Beck would see her and let her in. If she only brought a communicator, she thought with a mental sigh.

*   *   *

“Where is Sandra?” Captain Beck asked Thomas as he entered the control deck.

Thomas had closed the hatch behind him and made a quick side trip to the doctor’s office. He now concealed a hypo in his hand. All he needed to do now was stick the captain with it in such a way that Chip would not suspect foul play. Or, Thomas thought, the computer had eyes all over the ship. If he could maneuver the captain into one of the blind spots, that would be even better. “She is with Inibec.” He said casually. “She said she was going to stay with them.”

“For how long?”

Thomas shrugged, “She didn’t say.” The captain started to look out the window. “Let’s see if we can locate her with one of the remotes.” Thomas didn’t want him looking out the window. He might spot Sandra coming. He glanced up at Chip’s cameras and contemplated his best option and sat at Sandra’s console “It ought to be easier for us to find her this way.”

Captain Beck stepped over to Sandra’s console and looked over Thomas’ shoulder. One of the console’s screens showed a picture of the camera scanning the crowd. Thomas told the remote to pause on a section with a mass of people. “I think I see Ablelec there,” he pointed, but not too precisely. “She should be near.” He stood from the chair, hoping that Beck would take the seat.

He didn’t. He just leaned a little closer. They stood like that for a minute. “I don’t see any of them.” Beck finally answered.

“Sure, right there. He’s behind that portable cooler.” It least it looked like it could be one. Thomas was tired of messing around. He had to incapacitate the captain and soon. He didn’t know how much more time they had. He started to extend the hypo in his hand and use it anyway when Chip spoke up.

“I have spotted Sandra Sommers. She is running this way.”

“Good open the hatch and let her in.” Beck abruptly straighten and raced to meet Sandra. He was getting angry and wanted to know what is going on.

Thomas gritted his teeth. He was so close. Now he would have to do it the hard way, knowing he was still short on time. He looked on one of Sandra’s monitors. They were raising the ramp now. He also heard the Legacy’s own ramp close back up.

“What is going on!” Beck demand of Sandra as they returned to the control deck.

“Ask him!” She pointed. “He’s the one who gave me this!” She winced as she touched her red and swelling cheek.

“Captain,” Chip interrupted calmly. “My external sensors just registered a bright flash in the sky.”

“What direction?”

“Every direction.” Chip answered. “All my magnetometers have gone wild too.”

Thomas chose that moment to lunged at the captain, trying to stab him with the hypo. Beck’s military training went into action, deflecting the stroke harmlessly away. He countered with a fist of his own sending Thomas back over a console.

The ground began to tremble.

Sandra glanced at her monitor and noticed the people were scrambling. Some were running toward the structure and were trying to climb on it while others were racing to their own vehicles. She finally understood what Thomas knew. “Stop fighting, we have to leave now!”

“Why?” Beck asked watching Thomas get to his feet.

The ground quaked even harder.

“Don’t you get it? Thomas knows, but wouldn’t tell us.”

“Tell us what?” Beck glanced over at Sandra.

Thomas dove at Beck again. Sandra had distracted Beck enough for Thomas to connect. Unfortunately for Thomas the ground chose to quake once at the same moment. This time it was so violent it collapsed one of the landing struts, sending both Thomas and Captain Beck head first into a console. Both laid motionless and blood oozed from one of them or both. Sandra knew she didn’t have time to find out.

She raced to the pilot’s console, thinking about what she needed to do. She fastened her seat belt.

“I detected a large rift to our west running north and south as far as my sensors can detect. It is spewing out lava and water vapor. I have also determined the bright flash earlier was the fifth planet blowing up.”

“Chip, emergency lift off now! You will have to fly us out of here. I can’t!”

“Executing emergency lift off.” Chip’s voice was as calm as ever.

As the ship leveled, she saw that the rift was huge and probably several hundred miles away. It was spouting geysers of steam and lava clear to the height of the ice layer. It would soon come tumbling down in sheets of rain and ice. Since the ice layer spun faster than the planet the whole thing would spin over the hot line and melt it if it didn’t collapse first. The ship was getting pelted with large droplets of rain already. She could imagine how intense it would become. “We don’t have time to clear the planet even if we could avoid any obstacles.” Sandra said to Chip. “Emergency engage the return time routine now!”

“Sorry I cannot do that.” Chip calmly spoke. “We are too close to the planet and we do not know where that will take us or what will happen.”

“Don’t you understand! We went back in time and space exactly the amount we had planned. The anomaly that we went through coming here was this vary event!” Chip didn’t say anything as if analyzing her conclusion. The ship buffeted in the air and heavy rains were hitting the hull, lightning thundered in the distance. The ship turned on it side for a moment. “Chip! Execute the time routine now!!!” She roared.

“Emergency execution of the time routine will now commence.” Chip finally said.

Sandra sighed, but hoped it was not too late. The ship was being thrown about so badly now she was getting sick. Only her seat belt kept her in place. If Thomas or Captain Beck were still alive, they wouldn’t be for long. She impatiently waited for the count to begin, looking at two limp bodies being thrown around. Would there be any survivors of this ill-fated trip?


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Kion awoke to an aching body and a universe that seemed normal in every way, except, the first thing he noticed was the quiet. It was too quiet. None of the ship’s fans or pumps were running. Realizing that many of the ship’s functions must be down, he examined his console. Most of the instruments were down, even the screens. He managed to turn one back on. What it did tell him, that he hadn’t noticed yet, was the status of the artificial gravity. It was down along with the other systems. Only his seat restraints had kept him from floating off. He looked up at the internal ship lighting. It was on which meant the batteries were working. Then before he could contemplate further, one by one the air circulation fans spun up, pumps started thumping, and the consoles came to life. Slowly, the pull of the artificial gravity grew as the superconductor disks spun up. It was as if an automatic restart had occurred.

Kion looked to Kimbra. She appeared groggy and shaken, but overall in good shape. She was strapped in too.

"What happened?" Kimbra asked, rubbing the soreness out of her arms. Every muscle in her body ached. The wound in her leg throbbed She had no idea how long she was out.

Kion flexed his limbs and winced at the sharp pain in his arm. They had to take care of their wounds before infection set in. But first he checked his sensors. How long were they out? Kion could only guess. Every clock he could check was flashing as if they lost power or was reset. He studied his sensors for some clues. He knew their speed and direction when they had blacked out. If he could pinpoint their location he would be able to estimate the amount of time that had passed and set the clocks appropriately. His eyes went wide, spotting something on the scanners.  "Hang on!" He flipped the ship controls to manual and yanked the ship onto a new course. He hoped the ship would obey. He hadn’t had the time to test the drive system yet. His instruments indicated they were on line and working properly. "This isn't over yet!"

Suddenly, the hull pinged as if it was being pelted by hundreds if not thousands of tiny objects. It sounded as if they were in that air car on Quadet in the middle of that heavy rainstorm again.

Kimbra grabbed the arms of her seat. "What's going on!" she demanded over the clatter.

"Just pray we aren't hit by a large one!" Kion yelled over the noise. He didn't want to tell her what he suspected had happened.

The pelting tapered off to just an occasional ding. Kion scanned his board for ship damage. No major malfunctions only minor problems appeared. That was good, at least.

"What happened!" Kimbra demanded more sternly.

Kion frowned, checking his sensors one more time. He reached across the narrow aisle and gently held her hand ignoring the pain in his arm for he knew his wife would soon ache more than he could imagine.  He looked her in the eye. "Apparently your father’s weapon has blown up Alantet." He felt a shiver run through her body. This time it wasn't caused by a weapon. She started to shake her head in denial. "It's true," Kion said firmly, but with a gentleness that surprised him. "That pelting you heard was microscopic debris from the planet blowing up.  We missed most of it. We were already headed away from the planet and was outside the planetary plain of the solar system."

Kimbra's eyes widened. "You mean we only received a cursory jolt?"

Kion nodded. "Alantet had a spin aligned with the solar plain. Most of the debris should remain within the solar plain."

Her mouth dropped slightly and her eyes widened even more. The entire clan she had been born in was now destroyed. That pain was great knowing her father was now dead. She had to shove it aside for now. She was more concerned with her home world. "Terra was the focus of that weapon. Is she still there?"

Kion scanned the area where the planet should be. The results puzzled him. "It's still seems to be in one piece." His voice was full of dread. He had hoped not to show it. She had enough to worry about.

"What's wrong?"

"Not sure," Kion half mumbled, concentrating on his instruments. If what he thought were true… "The spectral image is not right. I'm trying to get a visual magnification." He looked up. "I'll put the image on your screen too." He might as well be honest. He couldn’t hide it from her for long.

Kimbra's screen came to life. "Oh my ... " She could bear no more. Silent tears streamed down her cheeks. The once beautiful planet that glowed the pink and maroon of life now was a dull blue and white muddy mess. The shadow side of the planet was dark, the ice layer no longer giving off its glow of life. She noticed a jagged line, glowing amber, running almost from pole to pole. Superheated steam and lava was spewing kilocubits into the air. A fuzzy mist surrounded the entire planet.

"The core must have super-heated, causing all the water within the ground to boil." Kion explained as gently as he could. "The pressure must have been extremely high. It split open the crust spewing these high temperature gasses high into the air. That gas had to have jetted well above the ice layer, melting it."

Kimbra nodded her head violently as if she already understood. "And now the whole planet is covered in water or soon will be." She took one last look at the picture then covered her eyes.

Kion turned off the screen and wrapped his arms around her. The pain in his arm seemed insignificant to the pain in his heart for her. He could only imagine how badly she felt. "We'll go to Quadet. They were outside that weapons beam. Surely they survived."

She nodded her head once, not looking up.

Kion gently urged her out of her seat and he led her back to the bunk. He doctored her wound and gave her a sedative to help her sleep, only after she fell asleep did he bandage his own arm. He couldn’t give himself a sedative. He had to get the ship on course for Quadet and check the ship for any hidden failures. Only then did it hit him, every person and thing that he ever knew was dead. He hadn't even had time to grieve for his father. His only hope was that some of the Borman clan had survived in ships or on Quadet.  Only his work inspecting and repairing ship damage kept him sane.

He realized he needed to find a way to comfort Kimbra. It helped him cope with his own feelings. She meant more to him than anything. Her wellbeing meant his wellbeing. She had lost even more. Her father and clan died as well, but died considering her an outcast and a traitor. The only thing she would have left from her previous life was her work. He father had even taken that away from her, for her true work was destroyed on Terra, studying the natural ecosystem of man's home world.

Another thing that concerned him that he didn’t tell Kimbra was the fact that there was too much debris in the system to spot any other space ships. Those around Alantet had obviously been destroyed by the exploding planet. Even the two ships that were following the Star Traveler were missing from his sensors. He assumed them to be destroyed as well. Surely other ships on the other side of the solar system had survived. He found himself hoping his sensors had been damaged in some way that he hadn’t discovered yet.

Ordinarily he would not have been able to cope with such a vast disaster. He never would have even imagined such devastation. Kimbra was his anchor. He had to get her through this somehow. Getting the ship ready was the first step. Getting to Quadet was the next. For Kimbra’s sake he had to stay focused and not contemplate on Alantet or Terra’s fate. Kimbra’s fate was the most important thing now.


CHAPTER NINETEEN

“How are you feeling?” Kion said to Kimbra, stroking her platinum blond hair. He was sitting on the edge of the bunk that she was still laying in.

“Head ache,” she responded, waving Kion away. When he stood out of her way she slid her legs over the bunk’s edge and slowly sat.

Kion knelt to check her bandaged leg. “Probably the sedative,” he explained.

Kimbra rubbed her eyes, ran her fingers through her long white hair and slowly shook her head. Her eyes began to water.

Kion caressed her soft smooth leg. He knew it wasn’t her headache that was bothering her.

“Oh beautiful Terra,” Kimbra mumbled, still shaking her head. “Alantet,” she added, looking into Kion’s eyes. “How could he have done such a thing?”

Kion sat beside her and put his arm around her. There was nothing he could say to comfort her. “I wish I knew.” Kion shook his head. “At least Quadet and the colonies on Doset should have survived.”

Kimbra gave a quick nod. “What now?”

“While you were resting, I checked the ship over and set course for Quadet. We ought to find a few surviving clan members there.”

“Have you contacted them yet?”

Kion shook his head once. “Can’t, I think we lost our antenna during that debris impact. The tests show the radio is working fine, but I’m not getting reception on any channel. The only explanation I have is the antenna was knocked off. I would have to go outside to confirm that.”

Kimbra took a deep breath, nodded once and sighed. She seemed to have come to some sort of conclusion. She stood. “Have you done a visual on Quadet?”

“No, I didn’t think it was necessary.” He stood with her. “It was well outside the line to Terra.”

“Well, I’ve decided not to get my hopes up until I have confirmation that Quadet was unharmed.”

Kion understood her feelings. “Let’s find out.” Up to this point he had assumed Quadet was fine. Now with Kimbra doubting it, he found his stomach knotting up. He had never considered anything else a possibility.

They passed the room where the security officer and the Maheel technician had died. Kion had cleaned up the room and had disposed of the bodies in space. No blood stains or any sign of trouble could be seen in the room. He hoped the cleanliness kept Kimbra from recalling that scene. She gave no signs, if she had.

They reached the cockpit and without a single spoken word. They sat in their usual positions. Kion called up the imaging system and a minute later had a dot on their displays.

“The planet is still there, at least,” Kimbra uttered. She dare not get her hope up yet. She knew what had happened to Terra.

Kion switched to another screen and groaned. He shook his head. “The spectral analysis isn’t quite right.” He knew what that meant. He hoped Kimbra would too. He didn’t want to explain. From the dread on her face, she at least knew what he was implying. “I’ll have a magnification in a moment,” he told her.

Kimbra silently nodded and waited.

The picture appeared on both of their screens. From this angle they could see only half of the day side of the planet, but it was enough.

“Oh..My..Lor..” Kimbra’s voice trailed off. Quadet was no longer a blue and white marble. All the puffy white clouds were gone, stripped away with most of its atmosphere. What air that was left carried large amounts of dust. A large gouge ran clear across the visible side of the planet. Dust clouds covered large sections from viewing, but not enough to hide the gouge. The gouge had water rushing down it from what was left of Quadet’s ocean. With the low air pressure the water was now boiling off into space.

“A large chunk of Alantet must have struck the planet,” Kion bitterly observed. “I didn’t realize that the planetary debris from Alantet would cause such damage.”

“Is it even safe for us to enter the planetary plain?” Kimbra asked.

“Let me check.” Kion brought up the motion detectors. It took a few minutes for it to build a map of the entire system. There were a lot more moving objects out there then there used to be. “It looks like there was one wave of planetary debris and it’s on the far side of the sun now and heading out of the system. I’ll keep the motion detector at maximum sensitivity. We should be able to avoid any straggling debris.” He didn’t bother telling her the debris was keeping him from finding other ships. He would tell her that when he had too.

Kimbra considered the dirty tormented planet still on her screen. “Could anybody have survived that?”

“I honestly doubt it,” Kion muttered. He ran more tests. “The average temperature of Quadet is falling fast. It will be well below freezing before we even reach there.”

“Doset is our only hope then,” Kimbra stated.

Kion nodded. “Its atmosphere is even heavier then Terra’s. It also was a lot farther away when Alantet exploded. It should have had less debris hit it.” A thread of hope surfaced in Kion’s voice.  “It possibly could have survived any planetary impacts.”

“Just the same,” Kimbra answered. “I’ll keep my emotions held in reserve, at the moment.”

Kion didn’t blame her. Surely they weren’t the sole survivors of the human race! Out of the Billions that populated the solar system, there had to be some people left in ships if nothing else. “I’ll set the radio to periodically broadcast a message.”

“Thought you said the antenna was gone,” Kimbra proclaimed.

“I may have been wrong about that,” Kion said bleakly. He really didn’t want to tell her, but knew he had too. “I’m beginning to think there is no one out there that can respond.” Kion went to work on his console. He picked up his head gear and spoke into the pickup. “Attention all ships and ground stations, this is the Star Traveler, please respond.” He set the message to repeat every two minutes. He then set the ship’s course for the second planet of the system, their last hope for human kind. The stars spun passed the cockpit as the ship changed course.  “We are now headed for Doset,” Kion said after the stars stopped moving. He sat for while feeling totally hopeless. He was sure Kimbra felt the same. What were they going to do if Doset was as dead as Quadet? The ship could support them for six months, perhaps more, but none of the planets would even be close to habitable by then. His brow rose with a thought. He stood and started looking behind the seats in the cockpit. He might yet help Kimbra over her feeling of hopelessness.

“What are you looking for?” Kimbra asked.

“Perhaps our only hope for a future.” He hoped she would take his statement in a positive manor. It had come out more negative than he had intended. “I’m looking for the case I brought aboard. I forgot where I left it.”

“Check the lounge.”

Kion nodded and Kimbra followed him into the adjacent room. The case was sitting by the recliner. He now remembered setting it there after jettisoning the dead men. He picked up the case and laid it on the table. He opened it to reveal a clear crystalline rock. He held it in cupped, out stretched hands. It glittered like a small sun. He looked hopefully to Kimbra.

“The stars?” Kimbra’s voice had a tint of hope in it, but more of wonder and adventure.

Kion nodded. “I’ve been instructed how to install the diamond and I think I’ll be able to do it. My father told me how to locate some hidden files in the ship’s computer that will give me the detailed specs on installation.”

“I thought there wasn’t anything on the diamond in the computer.” Kimbra stated.

“There isn’t, it’s just instructions on how to install it.”

Kimbra nodded. “How can I help?” For the first time in what seemed like a long time, she felt perhaps there may be a reason to live.

“While I’m in vacuum, I want you to monitor the radio and scan through all the computers hidden files. I’ll show you how to find them.”

“Okay,” Kimbra answered. “What I’m I to look for?”

“A list of prospective stars. Surely my clan had already scanned the skies and determined which stars would likely have planets that could support human life,” Kion explained. “My guess is they would have included that list in the ship’s hidden logs.”

Kimbra nodded, she almost smiled. “When do we start?”

“Now, it’s a long trip to Doset.” Kion went to a pressure suit locker and opened it. “We might as well be ready to leave the system when we get to Doset if things turn out for the worse. The first thing I’ll do outside is check the long range antenna then I’ll get to work on the diamond.”

She nodded her agreement.


CHAPTER TWENTY

Kion displayed the last page of the instructions on the inner surface of his helmet’s visor. He was secured to the rear end of the claw shaped engine nacelle. Earlier, he had inspected the antenna. Like the rest of the ship it had a few minor dings from the debris impacts, but nothing that would prevent it from functioning.

Crawling his way to the stern of the ship was not as easy as he had expected. Climbing the pylon had proven to be difficult and dangerous. He had risked unfastening his safety line to reorient it in order to make the final ascension. One slip and he could have floated out to space. He would have hated to put Kimbra in the position of trying to maneuver the ship to catch him. It would have been embarrassing to say the least.

Kion’s injured arm only made matters worse. It continually ached and throbbed with sharp pains with every movement. From the moisture he felt in the suit’s sleeve he guessed the wound was bleeding again. He hoped it wasn’t bleeding so much the bandage couldn’t handle it. If it bled that much, it wouldn’t matter. He would likely pass out and die before Kimbra could render aid. With her bad leg any rescue was unlikely.

Installing the diamond proved to be difficult too. It had originally been meant to be mounted while the ship was on the ground. Of course, Kion had no choice. He had to do it in space while wearing a bulking pressure suit and strapped to the larger accelerator ring. The two circular tubes of the dual accelerator were the major features of the nacelle. They gave it the claw shaped appearance. At the time of his ascension to the nacelle, he had been momentarily in awe, thinking of the awesome power it could produce in the form of anti-protons. And if the theory worked, propel a ship to another star.

Kion read the first paragraph then looked down at the prized stone. The diamond was now mounted in place. Most of the crystalline structure was exposed to space. Only the mounting brackets and the anti-matter ejector touched its surface. The brackets had huge fins that would help dissipate the excess heat from the diamond.

Kion paused momentarily, taking a deep breath. Now it was time to make the fine adjustments.

Kimbra still sat at the copilot’s station. She concentrated on the list she had pulled out of the computer thirty minutes ago, a list of stars. She intently read the specifications of each star. She was making a second list that contained the stars that had a high probability of Terra like planets. There were so many to choose from. She was careful not to rule out any for an arbitrary reason.

She had lost herself in this research. All thoughts on the calamity were temporarily forgotten. The Borman clan already had the stars listed in order to which they wanted to visit, but the priority for that list wasn’t to find the most habitable planet. It was arranged by their nearness to Terra. Kimbra found the most promising stars to visit first were over hundred light years away.

The radio crackled. The first couple of times, Kimbra thought it was Kion on the local channel, but when she checked the console, the receive light on the general channel flashed with the crackling. Kimbra turned up the gain. It was a signal! She turned off the repeater that would transmit Kion’s message every two minutes. She adjusted her headgear and switched to the channel that was being received. “This is Kimbra aboard the Star Traveler. Please repeat your message.” She didn’t know how long she would have to wait. It could be a while. The signal was weak and could be a long way off. They were less than a light minute away from Doset now. The planet was covered in a layer of white clouds like it normally was. There were no signs of disaster. She found herself hoping the signal was from a ground station.

Kimbra patched into Kion’s local channel and told him the situation. “I’m done here anyway, so I’ll be right in,” Kion said. “Keep my channel open so I can hear your conversation before I get there.” It would take him a few minutes to get safely back to the airlock and cycle through. The tricky part would still be the pylon, but since he had his safety line resituated he anticipated no problem, at least none like before.

The timing of the return signal arrived for the origin to be Doset. Kimbra’s heart skipped a beat as her hopes soared. “This is Actron.” The voice was much clearer now with a stronger signal. Actron must have boosted his power. His voice was full of despair. Kimbra understood. How could anyone feel anything else?

“Are you on Doset?” Kimbra asked.

“No, we just made it out of its atmosphere,” Actron returned. “I hope you aren’t coming here. The planet’s crust has erupted and is belching out so much sulfuric acid that it has ate away parts of my ship including my primary antenna. I suggest that you do not attempt landing here.” Kimbra heard someone holler to Actron in the background. “Can you tell us what happened? We were on our way to Terra when we felt this strange tremor. Next thing we knew, we were being hit by a wave of rocks and debris.”

“Alantet blew up,” Kimbra said in a choked voice. She didn’t want to get into the details. Saying that much hurt her more than her voice even indicated.

Kion made it to the cockpit and sat at the pilot’s seat. He still wore the pressure suit, but he had the helmet off. He decided the quickest way in was to just pull himself along using the safety line. Not the safest, but it was the quickest.

“We found that Terra’s ice shield has melted away, causing a worldwide flood.” Actron’s voice sounded as if he were in tears. “The surface of Terra is nothing but a watery, mucky mess. Water and ice is still falling to its surface.” Kimbra heard more sounds behind Actron’s voice as if someone was wailing. “We hope our ship can survive the trip to Quadet. I suggest that you follow us there. There is nothing left here.”

Kimbra looked to Kion for support. He slipped on his headgear. “This is Kion Borman speaking. We just came from Quadet. It is destroyed too, but we will gladly come to your aid. Our ship is intact. Our supplies and life support can handle several people for months.”

There was a pause longer than usual. “Don’t bother.” The voice sounded even more dejected. “A few months won’t help us. We might has well join the rest of the human race.” The transmission ended.

“Don’t do…” Kion started to say, when suddenly a light flashed bright near the planet, Doset. Both Kimbra and Kion remained silent, knowing they had just committed suicide. He had wanted to explain the hope the Star Traveler was giving them. It was the only thing allowing them to hang on to sanity.

Finally, after a few minutes of staring at the white planet before them, Kion turned to Kimbra. He spoke in a quiet, subdued voice. “Do you have any reason to remain in this system?”

Kimbra shook her head slowly. Her face an emotional blank. Perhaps, she was totally numb to the situation, having been emotionally overloaded. Kion knew he wasn’t in any better shape, but he also felt they were given an opportunity to start the human race over again in some other system. He couldn’t let that pass. “Let’s start preparing the ship for interstellar flight.”

Kimbra sighed and nodded.


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

“Readouts show the anti-proton containment unit is almost full,” Kion told Kimbra. Their moods had improved, only because they had their minds occupied with getting the interstellar drive ready for flight. Now the task was almost complete. “We are ready for anti-matter gun firing.” Kion felt nervous. If this didn’t work they would die of starvation. He knew he could never kill himself. And as much as Kimbra loved life, or rather the study of living things, he doubted that she would resort to that either. He turned to Kimbra. “Do you still want our test flight to take us to Terra?”

Kimbra closed her eyes and nodded. “Yes, I want to see it with my own eyes.”

“You sure?”

She nodded, closing her eyes as if she was visualizing what she expected to find. She looked as if she aged fifty years. “I’m going to record what we find so we’ll have a record to tell our children what had happened.”

Kion silently returned the nod then faced his console. Not a bad idea, Kion thought, though a grim one. He keyed in Terra’s coordinates. In a strange way he was glad that she was starting to think about the future, their future, even humanities future. “Terra is eight light minutes away,” he finally said. “At my dad’s recommended minimum settings, it will take less than a second to get there.”

“Can the flight computer handle that kind of speed?” Kimbra asked, still baffled by such high speeds. Surely the machine would have a data overload.

“They had upgraded the software, the notes say it will,” Kion explained. “If this doesn’t work, it will be caused by our proximity to the sun.” At least that would be the only reason he could think of, if it didn’t.

“I thought he said as long as we stayed at least two light minutes from the sun we should be okay.” Kimbra remembered this from one of their discussions when they were on their way to Alantet to retrieve the ship. Even that seemed so long ago.

“That’s right, it’s only two light minutes.” Kion now remembered.

“Our closest point as we cut across the system will stay beyond three light minutes,” Kion added. “I just couldn’t remember what he had said.” Kion looked down at his instruments than back to her. “Ready?”

She nodded.

“Setting anti-matter flow to minimum settings.” He typed in the number then with the trackball moved the pointer over the engage icon. He looked out the cockpit and found the white dot that the computer said was Terra. “Engaging now,” Kion said, keeping his eyes on the speck. He clicked on the icon without looking. The bright star grew to the size of a basketball within a second. He flinched as if it was going to hit them, and it would have if the ship hadn’t shut down its drive. “Wow!” Kion said, checking his instruments. “It worked! The auto-shutdown worked properly as well.” He shook his head in amazement. “We accelerated to over four hundred and forty times the speed of light and we felt no sensation at all!”

“Yes it is amazing,” Kimbra said flatly, as if she didn’t mean it.

Hearing the tone of her voice, Kion turned his full attention on her. She was staring out the cockpit. A tear ran down her cheek. All of Kion’s elation vanished. “Shall we start our recordings?” His voice was soft and sympathetic.

Kimbra nodded. “I think the quicker we get this done the better.”

“Agreed.” Kion was thankful that they had recordings of Terra prior to the disaster. They would at least have some evidence of her prior beauty.

Kion and Kimbra trained their equipment on the planet. Terra was still spewing jets of hot steam in a line running roughly north and south over two thirds the distance from pole to pole. The core of the planet had ruptured and the crust was being pushed away from the up thrusting breach. The steam, once it reached high altitudes cooled and liquefied, creating a bluish white haze around the planet. The water then fell back to the surface. The rain that fell at the poles, fell in the form of ice. Large ice sheets, the size of continents, were already forming at both poles. Seeing the surface through all that haze was difficult, but not impossible. The entire surface was under water.

Kion shook his head with the same expression that Kimbra had earlier. The once beautiful planet that was protected by a glowing pink ice shell was now a fuzzy blue ball, completely under water. What a waste! “Do you think we have enough recorded,” Kion said after a prolonged silence.

“Yes,” Kimbra solemnly said.

Kion clicked on a series of icons on his display. The coordinates screen popped up. “Where to? Which star is our best prospect?”

Kimbra pulled the list up on her console. “This one,” she said, high lighting it on her screen.

Kion looked at its data. It was over a hundred light years away. They had ample supplies to get there at the tremendous speeds they would be travelling. “There it shall be.”  Kion punched in the coordinates and shortly afterward, the ship was streaking out of the solar system. After just two seconds of flight, Terra’s sun had dwindled to a speck. It now was just another star in the backdrop of the vast star field.

Kion and Kimbra stood in the aisle between the pilot and copilot seats. They look out the cockpit, watching the stars slowly move toward them. The stars appeared as brightly shining jewels scattered across the sky and were now moving toward them.

Kion put his arm around his wife feeling a strange sense of renewal. They would find a new planet to live on. He knew that deep within. How? He didn’t know. If they didn’t, they could always return here to see if any of the planets had become livable again.

He pulled her tightly against his side. He looked deep into her eyes and smiled. They would happily live their lives together, raising a family, one that would start a new human race. Perhaps they could make it turn out better this time.

At Kion’s hug, Kimbra contently locked onto his eyes. She loved him so much. It had been his love for her that kept her going through these disasters. They would survive and bring forth a family. Why had they been chosen to live? She could only guess, but now she was determined not to let the past interfere in their lives. With them humanity would survive.

Both turned back to the moving star field and watched it in silence for quite some time.

*   *   *

Back on Terra, lost amongst the haze and debris, floated an unusual object. Star Traveler’s sensors could not have distinguished it from the mass of debris even if Kion had been looking for it. This object was made of wood, custom made and specially designed for a specific purpose. It was shaped like a rectangular block and it measured three hundred cubits long by fifty cubits wide and had three decks. It housed eight humans and carried a sampling of each type of living creature.

Terra would get a second chance as well though it will never have the perfect environment it once had. Man’s life on their home planet would be much harsher now, experiencing hot summers and cold winters.

***

I hope you enjoyed this book as much as I have writing it.
If so, please check out my other stories.
Thank You
