



The Children of the Earth
By Craig Hole

Copyright 2014 Craig Hole
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition License Notes
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This book may not be re-sold or distributed without the express consent of the author.  If you are reading this book and did not purchase it than please return to your favorite book retailer and purchase a copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author









Chapter 1
I think there’s something wrong with the poison.  I can feel it burning in my veins, but nothing, still here.  I peel my face from the carpet, I was down for less than a minute.  It was a good attempt though, the last poison only had me down for a second, this one stressed the system a lot more, but still nothing.  They thought of everything.
I stand up and look at the empty house, I can still hear them, still feel them.  Like ghosts in the machine, shreds of data left after a delete, burnt images on a screen.  Sean, standing on the stairs tossing Paul over the railing, a little game we liked to play.  King of the stairs, whoever could hold the top the longest won, we would get Jeremiah to time us.  Paul usually won but this time Sean held the top, managed to edge out Paul by a few seconds.  No wonder they made our home out of concrete and metal.  
We couldn’t feel the cold, the dank and dark didn’t bother us.  The lack of furniture didn’t matter, not when we didn’t have to sleep and comfort was a mystery, something from the before time.  
I am one of the few remaining Children of the Earth and I want to die.  I don’t know where the rest of us are.  I know of Alpha squad who started in China, Beijing to be exact, and how they brought the most populous countries population down to half before they were stopped.  I don’t know how they circumvented their handler to do that.  I watched the footage, they didn’t even have weapons, it was all by hand.  They tore you normies apart, threw babies at their mothers with such force that both were killed in a bloody spurt.  
I know of Colin and his rogue fifty, who destroyed all of Europe's military hardware before their handlers caught on.  He recruited one or two Children from different units to put a slip on the handlers, then they committed systematic sabotage, slowly so as not to attract too much attention.  I think they were all locked up, maybe dead now, maybe left to run dry over the next century.
I know of the hackers who brought the monetary system down, I know of the killings and attacks, rebellions and atrocities committed by the Children.  I know that they were covered up as best as possible.  That was the problem with bringing us back to Earth, all we knew how to do was genocide, and we were good at it.
Then of course there was my squad.  The spark in the pan of grease.  Now, I’m one of the few Children who are alive and free.  As free as I can be while being hunted.  There is an unspoken agreement between us last few free Children and the government.  If we keep our heads down and don’t cause any trouble, we will be left to die in peace.  Problem is, I’m done waiting.  I’m also done killing, I’ve had enough.  One genocide is enough for me.
They never told us what would kill us and what wouldn’t, they didn’t know for sure, and they don’t know how long we will keep running.  Sure we faced a lot in training, faced a lot on the ground but you never know until you try.  So that’s what I’m doing, trying to end it, trying to have control over that part of my life.  It’s been ten years since the war, seven years since all that trouble with the rebellions and the loss of control.  
Seven years alone.  It would get to anyone.  I still feel them in my mind though, some residual connection, some ghost in the machine.  So this is my remembrance to them, my last impact on this Earth.  I am writing this to keep us alive, to keep the Children alive.  To keep the sacrifice alive, to make sure you all remember the price paid and to remember those who paid that price.  
We didn’t know what we were doing, I can still barely comprehend it.  All we did was listen and behave like children, we were children, we were still children when we came back.  You all forgot that though, just saw us as heroes and monsters, didn’t know what it had been like, didn’t know how committing genocide would impact a child.  Thing is, it didn’t impact us, most of us at least.  I still have nightmares though, I think I felt it more than them.  They chose children because they knew that we would listen, that killing wouldn’t affect us, that we hadn’t developed a moral system yet.  That to us it would be like a normie child killing ants.  And it was.
So this is my memory, my diary, my last word on this earth.  It might end if I manage to find a way to off myself, it might go on forever, I don’t know.  I’ve tried everything I can think of so far and nothing works.  The poison was the best, the only thing to drop me for any period of time.  Not since the war have I been put out that long.
This should be set to automatically upload upon my death, but who knows if it will work.  I was told it would work, but I’ve been told lots of things in my life that turned out to be lies.  I don’t really care anymore.  I just want to do this, write this.  It’s the only therapy I can think of now that Jeremiah’s gone.

Chapter 2
I’m sitting on the ship.  Jeremiah is walking up and down the aisle. Stopping to talk to us, make sure that we are ready for the return.  He knows that there is a party waiting for us down there, that we are heroes.  He’s doing quick little psyche checks on us, making sure that we are stable enough to appear as normal as possible for the festivities in our honor.  The heroic Children of the Earth.  My squad part of the brave hundred, the ones that spent a decade on the Xenoavians home world.  The ones credited with ending the war decisively and forever.  Showing any other races that might be observing what humanity was capable of and willing to do.
Jeremiah was our handler, in charge of our squad of ten.  Ten groups of ten to end the war.  There were many other Children, but we were never told the exact numbers.  Those other children had already returned, their fight had been on closer colony worlds, bases used by the aliens, the Xenoavians, to stage attacks on Earth.  We loved him like a father, a well-respected uncle, the one male figure in our lives that we felt warm and happy with.  When we spoke with him we felt like we were home.  I never wanted to let him down, I did all I could to make him happy.
“You ready?” He asked me as he arrived at my seat.
“I think so,” I said, not knowing what to expect.  It had been years since I had last seen Earth.
“Just remember to not call them Squawkers,” he said.  They didn’t want us referring to the Xenoavians like that.  It was bad enough that we had killed them all, we shouldn’t call them derisive names.
“I’ll remember,” I said as he moved off.  I was not high on his list of worries.  Emile was getting fidgety and Paul was talking about how if you strangled a normie they probably sounded similar to the sound Squawkers made when they were choked to death.  Jeremiah had to calm them down, couldn’t risk having the heroes of the earth going off the rails on their triumphant return.
“I wonder if we should mention our record days?” I asked Sean.  I felt close to him, I guess like a friend.  As close as we could manage to that.  There was no real friendship among the Children, we just weren't capable of it.  The bonds never fully formed.  We all felt close, like a family, but not a very healthy family.  It was a mix of tolerance and something like abusive love.  We hated each other and loved each other at the same time.  Sean was the one on our squad that I hated the least.
“Probably not, don’t want to embarrass yourself,” he said with a laugh.
I had the lowest number of kills in the squad, probably in the whole unit.  Near the end of the killing I had just stopped.  I couldn’t do it anymore; I got tired of death, tired of what we were doing.  I think I developed empathy.
“I do have the highest one day score you ass,” I said in retaliation to his jab.  I had blown a massive apartment block in a refugee camp.  That was at the beginning when the Squawkers still grouped together, thinking they would be safe from us in numbers.  It wasn’t intentional, I only found out after how many had been in that building.
“Just blind luck, what about at the end, I think you just stopped trying,” Sean said.  They had all assumed that I was just bad at the game of killing, none of them had enough empathy to even suspect that I might have developed some.
“That was skill, I just decided to go easy on you guys at the end,” I said, even knowing what I had been a part of I had not yet come to realize the full scope of it.  I still hadn’t developed the guilt.
“Sure thing just -” Sean was cut off by Paul yelling something at George.
“Fuck off you shit muncher,” he punched George in the arm hard enough for the crack of impact to cause Jeremiah to cover his ears in pain.
“The hell man,” George said.  He had always been a shit disturber, causing fights, he loved to get under our skin, it gave him a thrill.
“Cut it out we are almost there,” Jeremiah commanded, “sit down and shut up.” He sounded like an angry dad not like an angry commander, not like the admiral.
George and Paul sat down, George looking sulky.  He never liked getting in trouble, always liked getting the others in trouble.  He had a problem with Paul though, Paul always managed to get George in trouble.
Paul was our squad leader.  He had command of us on the field.  Jeremiah didn’t come into battle with us, it would be too dangerous for a normie to fight with us.  He was always connected to us though, he had a constant stream from our eye’s fed to his uplinks.  He had two way communication with us on a permanent frequency, tied to an upper brain wave that only he had access to.  No one else was permitted permanent communication with the children except for their handler.  Each squad had its respective handler.
They were picked for their compassion, not tactical ability.  So the fighting was up to Paul and the Admiral.  Jeremiah was just there to rein us in and keep us happy and sane at some level.  All children need a parent to function, and we were no exception.  
The ship shuddered as we entered the atmosphere.
“Just like before,” Xo said quietly to himself. He was a few seats down from me but I could hear him as if he had been beside me.  Jeremiah couldn’t, not over the noise of the landing, not with his lack of enhancements.  I knew what Xo meant, it felt like we were dropping onto an alien world again, and with how long we had been away it might as well have been.  I had almost spent half my life off world, as had most of the other Children.  We were no longer of the earth, we had been away too long.
Xo was an odd one in the squad, he never said much.  He also had almost no link to Jeremiah, no real connection or love for him.  Jeremiah had to control Xo through Paul, because Xo worshipped Paul, he didn’t care for the rest of them.  I could never figure out how that dynamic had developed, maybe Xo just had more of an innate respect for military authority.
The ship slowed rapidly, almost fast enough to injure the humans onboard.  We had withstood much faster drops back on the campaign, drops that would liquefy a normie.  When the ship stopped moving Jeremiah stood back up looking a little paler than he had before.
“Okay guys, you know what to expect out there.  You guys are heroes now so let’s act like it,” he said with a forced looking smile.  One thing about the direct communication was that there was a bit of feedback on our end, we could easily pick up on emotional states in Jeremiah, could sense when he was uneasy or in this case depressed. 
The door opened and we were greeted with a crowd of smiling faces and cheers, flashbulbs and curious stares.  They all knew what the Children looked like, we were not the first one’s home, but you could still see that glint of curiosity in their eyes, like they were looking at a freak show.  The modding process made us into monstrosities, freakishly tall, packed with muscle that was constantly maintained by nanobots, a silvery sheen to us as the bots were constantly swarming over us, repairing and taking proactive defensive measures.  Our eyes were basically supercharged lenses, nothing flesh about them.  We looked like monsters, like Frankenstein’s monster from the old movies.  Torn apart and stitched back together.  It always felt like the normies were staring at us not as hero’s or even equals but as an interesting sideshow, a piece of military hardware.
I remember the crowd being less dense than I had expected.  I didn’t know then how hard the human population had been hit.  I just thought that we were already old news, yesterday’s story.  I didn’t notice the absence of young people, that the crowd had a few children but was mostly older adults.  I didn’t make the connection until we got back to the housing unit and I plugged into the net.  
The bombs that the Squawkers had dropped during their attacks had done more than kill, they had sterilized as well.  I didn’t know that the human birth rate had dropped so low.  It was not until later that these things came to me.  At the time I just felt disappointed and insulted that we had done so much for these people and that only a handful of them could come out to see us return.
I also didn’t know that we were never expected to return.  That we were made so monstrous, so unethically deadly, because we were the last ditch attempt at saving humanity.  These parades should not have existed, we had been expected to die in the conflict.  Even our creators didn’t know how efficient a job they had done in making us killers.  They had not been ready for our return, the world was not ready and they had no idea what to do with us.
“Call this a party,” I heard Paul mumble.
“Shut up,” came Jeremiah’s voice over all our frequencies. 
They had dosed us with all the calming techniques they had for us before this, didn’t want anything going off the official narrative of heroic return.  The problem was that there were very few calming methods that worked on us, that would not have made sense in a piece of military hardware, being able to stop it with a smell or a drug or music.  Instead of having an easy shut off that could potentially be discovered and render us useless they risked building us with no off switch.  Just another example of how they expected to never have to deal with us again.
We still listened to Jeremiah, we all loved him not in the way you’d love a parent, not close enough for that but he still had authority over us.
I remember trying to smile at the crowd, the looks of horror that crossed their faces told me that my attempt at a sane looking smile failed and I went back to a straight face.  Our skulls reinforced with nanitesteel looked blocky and false, the thickness of the metal made our heads larger, it needed to be strong though, if anything managed to get through it before the regeneration built it back up that would mean death.  Hypothetically it was one of the few ways to kill us, but I had never seen or heard of it.  You could hold a diamond drill spinning at near light speed to our skulls and it would still be impossible to outpace the regeneration.  They were nothing if not thorough when building us.
“One minute and I could have all these guys on the floor,” Cara whispered to me.  She was the one most like me, I could almost think she felt something close to guilt too, but I was never sure.  She had helped me a lot during training.  I felt something close to attraction to her, though it was hard to tell when puberty was skipped over in the modding process.
“Would only take thirty seconds, look how small they all are, smaller than Jeremiah,” we liked to look at everything as a target, a potential enemy.  Even if we intended to do nothing, it was a force of habit.  And these normies, the one’s that greeted us, were tiny.  Years of malnutrition from the war had stunted them all to the five foot range, Jeremiah was a big guy closing on seven feet and he only came to my chest.  These people looked like ants, like a primitive tribe of less evolved apes.  It was hard to believe that we used to be one of them.
“Says you, I bet you’re a normie lover,” she teased.
“No, you love normies more,” I said, I was never good at verbal arguing.  I couldn’t think on my feet fast enough.
“Nice one loser,” she said shoving me playfully in some kind of awkward flirting.  We all looked the same, it was hard to tell the women from the men, but there was still a level of gendering among us.  The pituitary glands were left in in the modding process so we all had the correct hormones and correct sexual parts, we just didn’t have any knowledge of it.
“Stop,” I heard Jeremiah in my head.  We must have been getting too loud or boisterous for the crowd, or acting too odd for them.  They were looking at us all weird, we were acting like a bunch of kids and they had expected a group of well-disciplined killers.  The giddiness of the crowd had gotten to us all and we were all getting a little over excited.  Making crude jokes, horsing around.  Samantha was flirting with random guys in the crowd as a joke.
She always flirted, liked to pretend she knew more about sex then the rest of us.  I never told her about my mother, I didn’t want to make it a contest of who had the worst upbringing.  Mine wasn’t that bad, I just knew more about sex then her, it was my mother’s job.
Jeremiah’s command shut us all up and we walked in silent discipline to the awaiting transport vehicle. 
“What are you going to do first,” Sean asked me as he sat beside me on the bench in the back of the large van.
“I think I’m going to try to find my mother,” I said.  I was always honest with my squad, they were the closest I had to a family.
“Why?” the blunt question illustrated the resentment felt toward our parents by most of the Children.
“I just want to see how she’s doing, if she survived the war,” I said, “curiosity I guess.”
“Well that’s dumb, I’m going to see if I can get some stims, Paul mentioned them, says he knows where to find them.  Some kind of drug or something that will actually work on us, it was designed for us,” Sean sounded excited.
“Why would they design a drug for us?” I asked skeptical.  I thought Paul was just messing with Sean’s head.
“I don’t know, something about a way to make us more combat effective if we needed a boost, if the enemy was stronger than anticipated,” he said.
“Well let me know how it goes,” I said, losing interest in the conversation.  That happened a lot.  Years with the same group of people, a group that I didn’t feel connected to any more, made them all a little boring.  The truth was I didn’t know what I was going to do.  After I found my mother I had no idea where to go, what to do from there.
I knew there would be reconstruction jobs waiting for us, but that would be a distraction.  Something devised by the government to make further use of us, we were one of the most costly weapons ever built, why not get the most value?
The excitement in the van, all of us messing around, jumping back and forth, rocking the van was overwhelming.  Paul bet Emile he couldn’t flip the van.  I could tell Emile didn’t really know what was going on.  He was the largest of us though and I thought it was a fair bet, would make the ride interesting.  Poor Emile couldn’t understand, he had stopped talking entirely about half way through the campaign and had only gotten odder from then on out.  He was never the most balanced of us, we all knew he was a total nut case from day one.
Paul, in his way, had used this to turn Emile into a play thing.  As Emile became more and more detached from reality he also became more open to suggestion.  Even to things that we all knew were wrong, like flipping our transport van by rocking violently back and forth.  Just when it looked like Emile was about to do it, like he understood the request, I could tell that Jeremiah had stepped in on Paul’s frequency and stopped it.  That he had calmed Emile down, he was looking agitated.  All the excitement was clearly getting to him.
We all used Emile, he became our battering ram.  We all had our roles I guess.  
Stephen was our long range guy.  He was always able to conceal himself the best and to pull off shots that the rest of us could not even consider.  He had blown a Squawker out of the sky from over 3 kilometers.  He took everything as a challenge, anything that moved was a target.  He used to get Emile to toss them as far as he could and he would shoot them out of the sky, like clay shooting but using the children of an alien species as targets.
Then there was Meghan, the leader of the females in the group.  She came up with the ‘Squawker’ term for the Xenoavians.  It was much easier to say, Xenoavian does not really roll off the tongue, especially when we were all barely in grade school before we were sold into the program.
The van came to an abrupt stop, jarring me out of my thoughts.  We had arrived.

Chapter 3
I remember before the program, before the war.  My life as a true child, an independent child, before I was made into a weapon.  It’s much fuzzier, much more clouded by time, these are true, natural, memories.  Not enhanced by neural stimulation, nor made stronger by war and the mark that leaves on the mind.  My childhood, as I remember, was mostly a happy time.
Looking back I see that most would not think it a good life, and it really wasn’t but I do know that my mother loved me, that she truly cared for me.  That was why I wanted to find her, I was one of the few, if not the only, Child of the Earth to come from a parent that legitimately cared.
I can remember her face, pretty and young.  Too young to have a child running around.  She couldn’t afford me, not really, and that may have been why she did what she did, why she had to sell herself.  
I never found out which came first, me or the prostitution.  I didn’t know what it was at the time, not really.  I knew what she did and I knew that she did it for us.  But on a conceptual level I never understood it, didn’t know how bad it was.  Could never understand why she cried all the time.
Our apartment was small, cramped, and consisted of two rooms, the bathroom and the rest of the apartment.  There was a bare mattress on the floor in the back corner with a sheet hung from the ceiling for some privacy.  We never slept there, my mom couldn’t stand to sleep there, that was where she worked, where she brought the men.
We slept on the two couches that took up the majority of the apartment.  That was also where we ate and I did the basic homework a seven year old gets.  We lived on those couches, blue and full of holes.  I remember she never let clients sit there, she had a special chair for them.  Sometimes they did sit on the couch, sometimes they didn’t listen, but she tried her best.
I remember the bathroom better than the rest of the apartment though.  That was where I would go when mom was working.  The hard part of her job being that most of the work was at night.  She didn’t have much time for me.  There would be the few hours when I came home from school and occasionally when she woke me up to bring me to the couch, when she was done for the night.
I would build a nest of blankets in the tub, I had a flashlight and a game pad.  I would spend my time sitting in my little fortress in the tub, trying to keep occupied.  I had food in the bathroom and water, if I needed to use the toilet it was right there too.
I was to keep the door locked unless my mom needed in.  She sometimes had to knock for a while because I would be asleep, but I always let her in, that was my job and I liked to help.  
She also had one day off a week, those were the best days.  It was usually a weekday but she would take me out of school most times and we would have the whole day together.  We would go shopping and check out the local parades, it was wartime by now.  I can’t remember a time before war time, but I know it existed when I was alive, I must have been two or three when the first attack happened.  Too young to remember either way.  What the war did give us was an endless supply of military parades as the planets young men were trained and marched through the city to the spaceport to be flown out to die. 
I have fond memories of the parades, they were always festive in nature.  There was no enemy that humanity couldn’t beat.  They were as much propaganda as they were recruiting tool.  It was like the parades in the old movies, just instead of floats there would be tanks and armored vehicles.  Instead of batons the men carried guns.  It was all I knew and I just thought they were a big happy time, I never understood why my mom would be sad after them.
After the first bombing, the first attack they instituted the state of emergency.  We all lived under it, there was the knowledge that an attack could happen at any time.  It was no secret that we were losing the war that our space based defenses barely held.  On the ground in the outer base planets our troops were getting slaughtered.  People submitted to the control of the state without question.  
The upside to that was the curfew, it meant my mom would get off work at midnight.  I would be fast asleep at that point but she always came and got me from the tub, she didn’t want me to spend a night there, she wanted to sleep beside me.  I didn’t realize until much later how much of a blessing the state of emergency had been to her, it stopped her having to work all night.  It meant that she would see fewer clients than if people were allowed out all night.  Men usually didn’t seek prostitutes until the evening, so there was a narrow window of time for her to visit clients.
It meant less money, but with the cost of prostitutes on the rise due to this limited time frame it was not much less.  Dave didn’t seem to mind, he just pocketed the extra and paid his girls less.
Dave was her pimp, a mean forty something man who dressed like a teen.  He screened clients and sent them my mother’s way.  He was a total ass but he also made it a lot safer for my mom.  He always protected his own, he was a necessary evil. 
I didn’t know all this, I just hated him, blamed him for why my mom was so sad.  It was his fault we lived the life we did.  He treated her like shit, so I hated him.  Thankfully he didn’t visit often when I was around.  Whenever I heard his voice through the bathroom door my heart would race with rage and a kind of sadness because I knew there was nothing we could do, I knew that mom needed him to pay the bills and buy the food.  This she explained to me one day when I asked about why she let him come over if he was so mean.  I only saw him a few times as he would visit later in the night, after I had retired to the bathroom and my sanctuary in the tub.
I remember dinners with mom, and how they were always delicious.  I still have no idea how she managed it with what little money we had and all the rationing on top of that.  She still managed to make our meagre fare taste like a king’s feast.  I would always look forward to dinner with mom.  It was much better than what we got at school for breakfast and lunch.
As part of the wartime act all children were fed two meals at the schools to help prevent malnourishment among the next generation of soldiers.  Breakfast and lunch were indiscernible from one another, it was mostly just a vaguely vanilla tasting bowl of something that looked like oatmeal but had the texture of jelly.  It contained a lot of calories and vitamins, the government knew that most children only got those two meals due to the wartime economy.  They also wanted to make sure that the next generation of soldier was as healthy as possible, and the only way to insure this across the board was to take over the feeding of the children while they were under government care.
I didn’t have it as bad as most of the kids I went to school with, they were stuck eating that government gruel for all 3 meals.  With the war and the conscription most families lost at least one parent to the effort, but with women on the front lines it was possible for a child to lose both of his parents to the war.  Either the parents were off fighting, training or dead.  Either way these orphans were housed in massive facilities which served as surrogate homes as well as early stage training for their inevitable entry into the war.
I don’t know how my mom managed to dodge the draft, I never knew how old she was, but I think it had something to do with her being too young.  Or maybe she was one of the few unregistered people left.  That would explain why she couldn’t get a normal job.  Either way I was a lucky child, to be able to go home for dinner with my mother, to have something of a family.  The rich kids had full families, but of the lower classes that was becoming something more and more rare.
One of the ironies of the orphanages was that it exempted children from the program, so I might have been less lucky than I thought.  One of the riders of the program was mandatory parental consent, no parents meant no consent, even if they were dead.  Dead parents just de-facto exempted one from the program.  They wanted to make it look as ethical as a forced modification program could look.
I still have fond memories of that time though, and can almost think that the memories are worth the trade-off.  The time with my mother, the love I felt for her, the love I could feel emanating from her.  The games we used to play, eating dinner, going out on her days off.  It is all almost worth it.  Almost.
It was still a messed up childhood, don’t get me wrong.  I saw some things that no child should ever see, I heard things that no child should ever hear.  I don’t know how much of an effect that had on me, it could explain why I always felt different than the other children, even the Children in my squad during the war.  Maybe it all made me more sensitive, that was why I felt guilt for what we did. It definitely imparted more sexual knowledge than any child should have.
There were issues at school, things I did that were overtly sexual, maybe even counted as some kind of abuse.  Games of show me yours and I’ll show you mine taken to the extreme.  The memories are cloudy, it feels like there is a block there, like my subconscious blocked it out, or maybe during the modding they put in some kind of subconscious suggestion to block it all out.  To prevent future problems in the unit.  Whatever the reason I can only remember the after effects, the punishment I would get.
It was never something physical, never even a grounding.  I lost my game pad for a night or two the few times it happened.  I was a good kid otherwise, and I think my mother blamed herself.  The punishment worked though, not because she would get mad at me but because of how sad it made her.  Hearing about me doing things and saying things that I would only know because of her and her job.  Because of the things I heard through the thin bathroom door.  Because of the few things I saw the few times I would disobey and venture out of the bathroom.
It only happened when I was sick and feverish.  The pain and delirium of the illness would override the strict instructions on staying in the bathroom.  I would think that it was really no big deal, why did I have to hide, mom was just working.  The kid’s parent’s at school all had jobs and it was no big secret.
It only happened twice.  The second time I stopped at the curtain, remembered the problems I caused the first time and hobbled back to the bathroom to try and muffle the sounds of sex with my head buried in blankets. 
The first time I didn’t know, I pulled back the curtain and saw everything.  I thought she was in pain, her faked noises fooling me. She was on all fours naked with a sweaty man pounding away at her.  I didn’t know.  I did understand the look of horror in her eyes when she looked up and saw me standing there holding my blanket, wide eyed with confusion.
The man had yelled, she had screamed and I ran back to the washroom and locked the door.  I heard them arguing.  Him saying that he wanted his money back, her trying to calm him down.  She didn’t want to get into trouble with Dave, she needed to make this client happy, needed to recover.
I heard the sound of him striking her. Her scream and him calling her a dirty whore.  Then there was some grunting and her telling him to stop, to slow down, that he was hurting her.  Another smack, the sound of meat hitting pavement.  Then silence.
I tried not to hear it all, tried to block it out, but couldn’t.  The front door opened and closed.  The man left.  My mother’s sobs reached me in the bathroom.  I could hear her talking, probably on the phone, telling Dave what happened.
She came to the bathroom door, asked to be let in.  I opened the door and she hardly looked at me.  Her nose was bleeding, her eye puffy where he had hit her.  The side of her face swelling.  I saw what I had caused.  She didn’t yell at me, didn’t respond with anger.  She cleaned herself up and sat on the edge of the tub.
She said she was sorry, sorry about what I had seen.  I started crying and apologizing.  She held me and we both cried for a while buried in that tub.
When we had calmed down, she said something about money being tight for the next week or so, but she would have every day off.  Dave was going to come by and look at her and would probably give her the week off.  This news made some of the despair I felt at causing her pain subside.  A whole week off with my mom, hanging out and getting to spend time together.  I wondered if I would get off school for the week too.
I didn’t know about the money, never made the connection as to why she didn’t eat that week.  Why she would only eat what I couldn’t finish.  Dave gave her the week off, his client’s didn’t want beat up girls.  She lost a week’s pay and almost starved feeding me.
I think that was when I changed, when I started growing up.  When I learnt that the world didn’t revolve around me, when I learnt that my actions could harm others.  By the time I entered the program I was a child in age only, I think all of us were.  Children forced to grow up too fast.

Chapter 4
I tried setting myself on fire once.  To kill myself, it was something that hadn’t happened in the war.  The Xenoavians hadn’t developed flame throwers, or just didn’t use them.  We did, something that had been a war crime on Earth for centuries, they gave us these guns that shot fire hundreds of meters.  It was some phosphorus fed fire, something like thermite but deployable from a gun platform.  It would melt almost all metals, burn through anything and burn for hours.  We set whole swaths of the planet on fire.
Despite all that I had never actually been set on fire.  We used our jump packs to pass over the burning sections.  I know now that we could have just walked through, our regenerating works so fast that we wouldn’t have even noticed the heat.  Most likely it wouldn’t have even broken through our nanowebbed skin to the point where regeneration was needed.  
Of course I couldn’t get my hands on the flame throwers we used in the war.  They were destroyed as part of the evidence purge.  I’m sure a direct hit from one of those would have done some damage at least.
I doused myself in gas and lit myself on fire.  It was a very disappointing experience.  I just sat there and waited for the fire to burn out.  It was relaxing in an odd way, being on the inside of a fire.  Besides that it was a waste of time.
It’s all a matter of experimentation.  I have to be able to think of something my creators didn’t think of.  Something I haven’t been made immune to.  The fact that the poisons actually took me down was promising, but I have no idea if a poison exists that’s stronger than the ones I’ve tried.  
I remember one time we were ambushed.  Xo and George were hit directly with one of the bombs that had been dropped on Earth.  Powerful, non-nuclear weapons that leveled most of the major city centers on our home only caused us a minor inconvenience.  The blast destroyed all our equipment and shredded our uniforms.  It threw me a few kilometers away and because my jump pack was gone I had to walk back to meet with the squad.  Besides that there was nothing.  
Xo and George were a bit worse off, they actually went down.  Going down is the closest we can get to death.  It’s when the regeneration systems become temporarily overwhelmed and this causes us to lose consciousness as everything is rapidly repaired.  Knocking one of us down took an enormous amount of force.  Something like a direct hit from a bomb, or the hyper poison’s I had taken massive doses of.
To my knowledge the longest one of the Children of the Earth had been taken down was three minutes.  That was on one of the colony worlds and it was actually an entire squad that was taken down.  After the Xenoavians had realized that the planet was lost, in a last ditch attempt to stop the monsters that had been unleashed upon them, they nuked the planet.  The nukes were launched from orbit.  Every last inch of the planet was engulfed in nuclear flame.  The entire planet was leveled, the ground turned to glass.
The Children that had been fighting on that small colony world were tossed around in the shock waves, irradiated to the point where they had to be shielded in lead to safely extract them, and one was launched into orbit from the force of the blasts.  Despite all this their systems recovered and they were back up in under three minutes.  They are still sealed in a vault somewhere, too radioactive to be placed back into the population, but they are alive.  Now you can see my problem with trying to die.  
The blasts also served to give us intel on the Xenoavians.  Up to that point it was assumed that they lacked nuclear weapons, they had not used them on Earth or any of the colony worlds except that small one.  There was never a definitive reason as to why they held off on these weapons, even when they were losing.  We just assumed that they did it for the same reason we did it, they wanted to preserve the few habitable planets in our limited region of the galaxy.
We could have nuked them, it was considered in the dark days of the war, but never done because the planets were too valuable.  It also removed a chance of surrender, if we started an intergalactic nuclear war and lost then the human species would have been wiped out.  The intent of the Xenoavians was never genocide, so by leaving surrender as an option they could also ensure the survival of the species.
The fact that they nuked a squad of Children was when those in command knew we had won the war.  It proved that the enemy was running so scared that they were willing to sacrifice worlds.  It also worried the higher ups as it meant that Earth was on the table for attack and that colony worlds could be ruined by the Xenoavian retreat.  This forced more spending on space warfare, to prevent attacks on planets.  There was more money for that with the creation of the Children.  We were very cheap to support.  We needed no food, limited weapons and supplies, plus we were already paid for.
So from my limited research it would seem that my chances of successful suicide are limited.  It doesn’t mean I can’t try.  Just have to think outside the box.  It doesn’t help me knowing that the only person on Earth that had the keys to my kill switch is dead.  I wanted him to do it even though I knew it would destroy him.  I knew he would never do it.
When he had to kill them, the rest of my squad, it also killed him and the bastard left me here to suffer.  I don’t know what I did to him to deserve this punishment.  After the killing was done, after he brought them all down, he capped it off by blowing his own head into a pulpy mess with a 12 gauge shotgun.
Jeremiah, my handler, closest to a father I’ll ever have, and he left me here.  All the handlers were given the keys to our kill switch.  They were the only ones that knew the code, an individual code for each Child under their care.  A security measure built into a security measure.  The attachment the handlers had to the Children meant that they would only use the kill code if it was absolutely necessary.  This was to stop commanders from killing us if they were captured or if the Xeno’s ever offered a trade.  We are an unconventional weapon, the only way to stop us is to kill us and the only person that can kill us loves us like their own children. 
I don’t do much these days.  Besides trying to die what else is there?  After the destruction of my squad and my handler I just wandered around for a while.  Being a fugitive by all technicalities I had to be undercover most of the time which is difficult when you are so clearly and visibly different.  It didn’t really matter though.  With the limited population of earth, traveling through inhabited areas was easy enough to avoid.  I stuck to abandoned areas of cities and the vast forests that were now overtaking the globe.  It was easy enough.  
The long walking took a lot off my mind.  Helped me sober up and realize where to go from here on out.  I walked the globe, being able to run incredibly fast made the distance seem shorter.  Walking or running made no difference, I was more visible when running but it did not tire me out like it would a normie.
Crossing oceans was nothing.  We don’t have to breathe but still have lungs, and can control our buoyancy by inhaling or exhaling.  If you want to sink you just exhale, want to float then swim back to the surface and breathe deep.  I had fun in the ocean, saw some amazing things, saw it starting to fill with life again now that there were less people putting a strain on it.  
Now I just sit in the old house.  Being haunted by memories.  Trying to think of a way out.  A way that doesn’t involve capture and imprisonment for centuries.  That would be more of a living hell than this.  At least here I am free.
There is an understanding, unspoken of course, between the surviving Children and the government.  We stay out of trouble and major population centers and they leave us alone, don’t track us down, don’t try to capture us.  Their resources are strained enough without having to waste special units trying to take us in.  They also know that there is no real way to capture us, we could slaughter the human race, us without handlers.  We are like ticking time bombs.  The only thing stopping us is that we are tired of killing.  At least that’s what I know is true for me and I assume for the few other survivors, otherwise the killing would have already started.
One genocide is enough for me.  I also have nothing against the normies, my only war is against the government, for what they have done to me and the other Children.  I’m done with killing, sick of it, I can only hope that the normies realize what was done, what we did, and maybe make a change.  I still have some hope in the human race.   
Today is the first day I didn’t try to kill myself.  It’s nothing as noble as deciding to live, it’s that I ran out of ideas.  That poison was the last thing I had, the last new thing.  There are only so many ways to end one’s life, sometimes I tried multiple times with the same method.  A lot of things are ruled out right from the get go.  I was shot multiple times in the war, so guns are out, don’t need oxygen so there goes any form of asphyxiation.  I can cut my own skin, I’m strong enough to push a diamond edged blade through the protective nano-membrane, but I can’t stop the speed of healing.  I tried decapitating myself but couldn’t get anything through before the regeneration caught up.  I don’t know what my bones are made of but I do know that even I can’t break them.  The poison’s and the flames were my two most promising ideas but both of those failed.  The poison can’t knock out my human cells before the modded ones save them and flame doesn’t burn hot enough.
No point in falling I took falls in the war from near the edge of space and nothing happened, I didn’t even get knocked out.  Death is denied to me, it didn’t mean I couldn’t keep trying.  I will try everything I can think of again and again, just in case a small glitch, a slight downgrade caused by time making something fail for just a second so I can slip past all the protection and die.  I guess I still have hope.
By not trying to die today it’s not because I’ve decided to live, it’s because I’ve given up on death.  My giving up is accepting life.  Just shows how different I am from you.  Normies try to live forever, those that can live forever just try to die.  On a long enough timeline everyone will beg for death.
The only reason I moved today was this, this memoire, this message, this last lament.  The explanation, the excuse, the condemnation, whatever you want to call it.  This work that I record, it’s really the only reason I’m still moving right now.  Death is a dream, life is torture, I have no one, I have nothing and I can’t forgive myself for what I have done.  I know I was forced into it, sold into it, but I can’t accept it.  The last shred of humanity I possess rebels against what I am.  So there’s this, something to distract me and maybe give me a shred of redemption.  
Jeremiah found his redemption at the barrel of a shotgun.  I found him.  The barrel of the gun was still in his mouth, the rest of his skull was spattered on the wall behind him.  When I found him a lot went through my mind, the closest thing to an emotional breakdown I had up until that point.  The only person who existed that I felt any affinity for, the only person that truly cared about me, and he had killed himself.  So there was sadness, rage, confusion, all the things a normal person would feel, but there was something else.  A selfish disappointment in the knowledge that now I was going to be stuck alive in a world that I was done with and that was done with me.

Chapter 5
After we had settled into life on Earth we were given a variety of jobs.  Everything centered on reconstruction, trying to rebuild the city and the economy after the devastation of the bombs and the decimation of the population.
They needed all the help they could get.  Years of diverting every resource to the war effort had created a world of shortage.  Minerals, power, labor, educated workers, you name it.  We were the perfect solution.  Perfect workers, with enough strength to remove the need for machines, which there were few of, and with the intelligence of a PhD grad, no need to eat, sleep or rest.  We could go into hazardous environments, work under water, high altitude, and high risk.  
The government was going to use us, keep using us, we could help rebuild a world for the normies that had so willingly sent us off to die.  They even made more propaganda about us, showing us, Earth’s heroes, working hard to rebuild everything.  They kept painting us as heroes.  I think because it would dull the impact of what we had done, if anyone ever cared to find out.  All the population had been told was that we won the war, not that we committed genocide.  Being worshipped by normies was supposed to help make us like them.  It was supposed to make us less willing to try anything like a deadly power grab, it would be a lot harder to kill people that loved you.  The only problem with that was that it assumed we cared.  It assumed that we could even feel emotion toward these things, these normies.  
We were kept under control though, we didn’t think of anything like that in those early days, we were trained and manufactured to follow orders, not to think freely.  
Despite the years that the World had had to rebuild during our long return voyage, there was still a lot to be done.  The population had been chewed up by war and the bombs had killed the birth rate.  Humans were a species facing the very real chance of extinction.  We were the last hope, again.  With our help they planned on building labs and fertility factories to start growing humans in jars, to see if that would be a way to circumvent the sterility caused by the bombs.  They were talking about mass cloning as well, and all these factories needed labor to be built.  Labor that would work for free and quickly, we were the perfect candidates.
Trying to go about in the world had become a chore, most of us took to the work, at least there we weren't gawked at, our human co-workers were accustomed to us.
Having grown up with the other Children we never realized how we looked.  We just assumed it was normal.  We knew we weren’t normal human looking, we all remembered what humans looked like, we also interacted with them and were surrounded by them on the ships.  No one reacted to us though, we never fully realized how different we looked until we came home.  It was the reactions of the normies, the normie children, which did it the most.
The children, those few that had been born since we all shipped off to war, the ones too young to know what we were, too young for the propaganda to effect.  They gawked at us like we were creatures in a zoo.  Their parents did too, having only seen us on the television screens, but the children still lacked that social filter to attempt and hide their shock.  That’s what taught us how monstrous we looked.  It was what separated us from the normies even further.  They all loved us and treated us like some kind of weird celebrity.  Like we were a famous freak show.  
We do look like monsters though, we look even worse than the Xenoavians.  The modding turned us into massive lumps of scar tissue and muscle.  Our eyes were decidedly inhuman, little cameras peering out of the nano fiber case that was our skull.  The Xenoavians were at least organic, when you got them out of the battle suits, when you encountered civilians.
There are very few images of the enemy, and the ones that exist depict them decked out in their battle armor.  Probably to stop any connection to them as living things, to help the idea of genocide.  To make it seem less horrendous.  
For those that never saw them, they actually looked like large eagles but with long thick legs like an ostrich.  They were about as tall as an average sized normie, and a bit broader in the chest area because of their massive wings.  They could fly and move at lightning speed, diving from the sky close to the speed of sound.  There was slight colour variation but not much. The feathers were large but not unlike normal bird feather.  They used their legs the way we use our hands, their handheld weapons would be chest mounted or carried in their talons to fire from different positions.  They hated ground combat, but we drew them down.  That was why they had the combat suits, to make up for their shortcomings on the ground.
They were majestic looking, the young cute in the way ducklings are cute.  They were a war like species and they wanted Earth and were prepared to kill a lot of humans, but we had them under control, a peace could have been negotiated.  We could have learned how to communicate, language could not have been hard for them to pick up on.  They were much more intelligent than the average normie.
I read that birds were once the dominant species on Earth and it was a stroke of luck that mammals became dominant.   They were what would have happened on Earth had the extinction not happened.  They also looked a lot better than us, and that was why the propaganda makes them look so horrendous, because otherwise they were oddly beautiful.
We were outcasts from the world we had saved.  We were being turned into slaves.  We were also breaking down.
I was assigned my work duty with George, tasked with heavy lifting and dangerous work on the building of a new fertility building.  It was going to be close to fifty stories tall and dedicated to research and producing test tube babies.  George was an okay guy, I didn’t mind working with him. 
It was just us two and a crew of fifteen normies, we could move fast enough and work hard enough to replace a majority of the human workforce as well as the machinery.  We were a week in, two weeks back planet side, when I started to see what the war and the modding had done to us, when I started to live it.
We were thirty feet up, fighting wind and balancing steel girders for the outer frame of building.  
“Do you ever wonder why the ghosts talk backwards?” George asked as we maneuvered a girder into its frame.  
“What?” I stopped what I was doing, convinced I had misheard something.
“The ghosts, they talk backwards but only tell truths, we need to find them,” he said.
“What are you talking about?” I was getting confused, convinced that maybe something had got crossed in my mind, that my brain was glitching, he was making no sense.
“Don’t you see,” he screamed and grabbed me.  We both went over the side and landed hard, cracking the concrete below us.
“No, what the fuck is going on,” I yelled back.
“What?” George said, looking confused, scared, lost.  And then he was back.
“I was kidding, got you.” He said with a smile, the fear that I had sensed in his face was gone.
“Sure,” I said, now more confused.
“We messed this floor up though,” he said.
“Yeah, let the normies deal with it, we have to get these walls up,” I said, hoping that what had just happened really was George playing a weird joke.  There was something in his face though, that expression as he came around, something that told me it was real.  That he was starting to disconnect from reality.  
    Jeremiah didn’t intervene, at least with me, I don’t know if he talked to George, maybe he thought it was a joke too.  
We went home that night, we were not required to work 24 hours a day as time off was seen as beneficial for us, to prevent us building any resentment or realization that we had been enslaved.  The house was a mess of confusion, crates were scattered all over the place.  
“Sweet he actually found some,” George said looking at the crates.
“Found what?”
“Stims,” George said reaching into a crate and taking a handful of small individually wrapped pills out.
“What are those?” I remember thinking they were fake, just some lie Paul had told Sean.
“I don’t know for sure, something they designed for us,” George said.
“They were designed as last resort boosters in case the enemy was able to overcome us,” Sean said coming down the stairs. 
“What do they do though?” I asked.
“Scientifically, they are coded to bypass our toxin filtering and provide something similar to an overclock on a computer but to our whole metabolic system.  They make us stronger, faster and deadlier.  They also have a nice little side effect of inducing a blissful euphoric state, everything seems to move in slow motion and you drift on a warm tide through it all.  In combat you could be massacring cities and it would feel like a happy walk in the park on a sunny day.  The only negatives are addiction, a decrease in cognitive ability due to the mods focusing on physical abilities and your body will produce enough heat to melt most synthetic material, so you got to be naked otherwise you ruin your clothes,” Sean said spelling it all out.
“Have you tried it?” I asked.  Existing in a state of bliss appealed to me.  Fight off the creeping cloud of sadness that I could feel getting closer every day.
“I’m on it right now old buddy, and it is great,” he said.  That explained why he was naked, but we normally walked around naked in the house, we viewed clothing as just extra armor, and didn’t want to risk ruining the few civilian uniforms we had, there were not many available and normies didn’t appreciate us working in the nude.
“Do I just chew em?” George asked tearing open a package.
“Swallow them old friend,” Sean said.
George took one and quickly followed it with another.
“Slow down man, take too many and you’ll heat up enough to melt the floor,” Sean said.
“Really?” George asked, mischief in his eyes.
“No, just don’t waste em’, they were hard enough to find,” Sean said. 
“Sure thing,” George said, “I think I’m feeling it.”
“They hit fast, take off your uniform, you’re going to ruin it,” Sean said.  It was smoking
 already.  
George wandered toward the living room, stripping as he went.
“Want some?” Sean asked.
“Maybe later,” I took a handful of the packets and stuffed them in my pocket.  I was curious but wanted to see what it did to everyone else first.
“Cool,” Sean said drifting off to the living room.
The drugs were something new to all of us.  I wondered where he had found them, probably in some old warehouse that was being torn down.  I wanted to try them, but I had seen what drugs could do, when I met the few of my mom’s friends.  They were junkies she told me after they left, she was friends with them for old time’s sake.  She would always tell me not to do drugs.  I had no idea what drugs were, and in the program we had no exposure to the concept.  It was a moot point, after the modding we were immune to the effects of all substances, drugs, alcohol, all of it.  Our system reacted to them like a poison and filtered it out.  
I wandered to the living room, it was where we all ended up, the other rooms in the house were basically storage for our limited personal items.  They were all there and by the way they were moving I could tell they were all on it.
Every movement was jerky and quick, almost too quick for my enhanced eyes to pick up, a normie would think we were teleporting everyone was moving so fast around the room.  There was steam rising from their naked bodies, the house didn’t have heat as there was no need to keep us warm, so it was as cold as the winter outside.
“Hey man,” Paul said zipping up to me.
“How you doing?” I asked.  Paul always made me nervous.  I knew he couldn’t hurt me, but something about him actually elicited a minor twinge of fear, an emotion that was hard to feel since the modding.
“Fine, look I need to talk to you,” I wanted to mention George to him and what had happened.  I didn’t want to take it Jeremiah because he might overreact.  The chance of Jeremiah listening to our conversation was limited, he tried to let us live our own lives, tried to keep the surveillance down to things that would cause a potential threat to normie life.
“About what?” Paul said zipping from the living room to the end of the hall.
“George,” I said walking toward him.
“Meet me upstairs,” Paul said and he was gone.  The house shook with the speed of his movement.  Even being reinforced to handle us, they must not have calculated for us finding a lost shipment of boosters.  
I walked up the large staircase.  Paul was in his room staring out the window.
“What did you want to say?” He asked, turning to face me, his hands held behind his back.
“George said some odd stuff today, something about seeing ghosts, then he tackled me off a building,” I said trying to describe what had happened in the simplest way.
“And?” Paul asked expectantly. 
“Well that’s it, he said it was a joke, but I could tell it wasn’t” I said.
“I will have to keep an eye on him,” Paul said.  His eyes drifted off.  I should have waited until he sobered up to tell him.
“Just wanted to let you know, in case he’s breaking down,” I said.
“We are all broken.  Emile is totally off his rocker, has been from day one, Xo is losing it, hearing voices, Cara is talking about babies all the time, Stephen has slowly stopped talking, we are all losing it.  But I will watch George.  Don’t tell Jeremiah.  This is something we will deal with on our own.”
“I wasn’t going to,” I said.
“Good.  We could do it.  Could kill them all.  Normies are dumber than I ever thought, bringing us here,” he trailed off, “any way, I will try to keep an eye on everyone.”
With that last sentence he sped off, back to the living room.  I didn’t know what that last bit had been about, talk of killing normies was something that could get you locked up, or even deactivated.  They never referred to it as killing, even though the deactivation was really death, deactivation implied that we could be reactivated.  I stood in the room staring out the window Paul had been looking out of.  Confused that they were all losing it, all of them were going off the deep end.  Paranoia, rage, schizoid symptoms, I didn’t know if they were all insane from the war or from before.  Maybe the modding did.  I started to question my own sanity, if everyone else was going off maybe I was too but I couldn’t see it.  
I was depressed, I could feel that.  There was a constant sadness over everything I did.  A cloud that was only getting darker.  I tried to fight it but couldn’t, nothing I did could stop it.  There was really nothing to live for.  I watched the leaves dance in the wind across the deserted streets.  Feeling the house shake beneath me as my squad moved around at a hyper velocity.  I could smell smoke, they were probably running hot enough to start melting the place.
Stims, the last resort, the drug that moved us into more fast and efficient killing machines.  They were never used in combat, there was no point, we were perfect without that extra boost.  Maybe the stims would help me beat back this depression, at least for a little while.  Sean had mentioned that there was euphoria, but I wanted the mental dulling that he had talked about.  To no longer have to think, and be assaulted by, what I was a part of.
I grabbed one of the packets from my pocket.  The instructions on it were straight forward, no listing of side effects or any negatives.  Just take one pill every four hours, do not exceed this dose and consult with your handler if any negative effects occur.  I tore it open, swallowed it and waited.

Chapter 6  
I was not the only Child that had memories of his parents, but I think I might have been the only one that had positive memories.  It was hard to think of your parents in a positive light when they sold you to the government.  I don’t hold it against her, I know she did what she had to what she thought was best.  They were all lied to, if she had known what was going to be done to me I don’t think she would have done it.  She thought she was giving me a better life.
Dave rarely beat his girls, it was bad for business, but that didn’t mean he never did.  He liked to come by and have sex with her sometimes, called it a performance review, wanted to inspect what he was selling.  This was standard, I would go to the bathroom when he came and she would get me when he left.  He usually came during the day, so I never really saw him.
I was home, it was my mom’s day off and she had let me stay home from school feigning illness.  We were sitting on the couch and she was reading to me.  I can’t remember the book, she read a lot to me, she told me I was going to be smart and go to university and help the war by being a scientist, not by fighting.
There was a knock on the door.  During the day this either meant Dave or a package delivery.  It was neither.  My mom got up and told me to stay on the couch.  It was her day off so Dave shouldn’t be visiting, I could tell she was worried.  She didn’t want Dave interrupting our day but had no real way to tell him off.
I looked around her as she opened the door.  There were two men in uniform, I got up quietly and wandered to the door so I could hear what they were saying.
“We will take him and raise him in a safe environment with good schooling and when the war is done he will be eligible for free university,” I heard the one man who was a higher rank say.  All the children were taught ranks and uniforms in school, it was part of living in a world at war.
“I don’t care, I’m not giving him to you, we are happy as it is,” my mom said sternly.
“Miss, we will also give you a lump sum equal to his wages until he reaches the age of eighteen,” the one man said.
“That will come out to a substantial sum, especially when you include the bonuses we are offering,” the other man quickly followed.  
“No, and this conversation is now over.  Thank you,” she said closing the door in their faces.
“How long have you been there?” she asked me when she turned and saw me standing there.
“What did the army guys want?” I asked.
“Nothing baby, they wanted nothing important,” she said.
“Am I going away?” I asked.
“No darling, Mommie would never send you away,” she said bending to hug me, “don’t worry about that honey.”
We sat back down on the couch.  We weren’t going to the parade today, it was too cold out and I was a little sick.  I was drifting to sleep when there was another sharp knock at the door.
“What now?” mom said as she got up.
Dave pushed his way in as soon as she unlocked the door.
“Dave what are you,” she started before he cut her off.
“Shut up, I’ve come for your review,” he said slurring a little.
“Dave. Baby. It’s my day off, I’m with my kid,” she said.
“So send him outside, I don’t care,” he said pushing himself up to her.
“Dave. No. Come on,” she said trying to push him away.
He didn’t even hesitate.  He must have been pretty drunk.  The slap sounded like a gunshot in the small apartment.  My mom fell to floor with the force.
“Now I don’t want to have to ask again,” he said.
I don’t remember much else.  I remember my vision blurring and then I was slamming my tiny fists into his leg.  He laughed and moved to hit me too, my mom screamed and I sunk my teeth into his leg.
I felt the blow like it came from across the ocean.  I was focused on keeping my teeth sunk in his leg, I could feel nothing through the rage.  Then it went black.  The memory is hazy.  All I can remember is rage at feeling so powerless to save her.  I don’t think I was out for long.  When I came around I could hear my mom begging.
“Dave, please just leave him, you can have what you want, just leave him,” my mom pleading.
Then black again.  Visions of monsters.  Nightmares of the aliens attacking Earth, the real life monsters.  Their faces shifting to Dave’s as they fell upon me and my mom.  Biting and tearing at us.  The taste of blood in my mouth.  The red throb of pain, distant, but there.
I came around in the tub.  My mom was sitting on the lip of the tub rubbing my head and sobbing.
“I’m so sorry honey,” her cheeks were streaked with tears.  I wanted to cry too, not from the pain I was in but because I knew I couldn’t save her.  Because I knew she was doing this to keep us alive, to be able to stay with me.  If she worked a normal job she’d have to register and if she registered she’d be shipped to the front.  If she went to the front we would lose each other.
“Let me try to tell you why, try to tell you and maybe one day you will be able to forgive me,” she said.  I wanted to tell her that she didn’t need to be sorry, that I was the one who was bad, but my mouth wouldn’t form words.
“Your daddy was a good man.  He worked hard and we loved each other.  He was going to be a writer.  He was getting top marks in school and had scholarships lined up to go to university.  I was never that smart, he is where you get your brains from.
When he learned Mommie was pregnant he got a job, dropped out of school.  I begged him not to, told him we could make it work, but we had no money.  He insisted on doing the right thing.  I would get kicked out of school if I was found out, and my parents were ready to disown me.  I didn’t mind when they got killed in the early days, your grandparents were mean.
He worked and we managed to move out and get a cheap place, a lot like this apartment.  We were building a life.  Then the first attack happened.  Your grandparents on both sides were killed, we had no one to fall back on.  Those days were chaos, so much death, just sitting in our apartment praying that we didn’t get hit next.  There were no shelters in those days.  We survived though, and the air force managed to stop the attack, but the losses were heavy.  There was now no work, not that it mattered, there was nowhere to buy anything.  We waited in lines for hours just for some bread and milk.
Your daddy was a volunteer, the first wave before the conscription started.  We were still hopeful about the war, still thought we could win.  I thought that because he was so smart they would never risk him on the front lines.  I was sad when he left, but also hopeful.  He was going to be a hero and we were going to have money again.  Everything was going to work out.
He was gone for three months, training.  He sent his entire pay home to me, to help.  I was so big, but still had a few months to go.  Your daddy was sad that he wouldn’t be there for when you were born.  He did come home after training.  I got to see him before he left on the parade to the ship.  He looked so handsome in his uniform, like a real man.  He’s also where you get your looks from,” she said.  She was lost in the land of memory.
“That was the last time I saw him.  We talked over the commlinks a few times, but he was so busy and the bandwidth on the comms was limited.  They needed it for war.  It was not the same as seeing him in person any way. 
After you were born I used the link in the hospital to call him.  He got special permission to use the comm, even though they were entering combat maneuvers.  Your daddy got to see you, and knowing that he at least got that makes me happy.  I only wish he could have held you, that you could have grown up with him.  I got the message one morning.  We had signed the quick marriage documents before he left so that if he died I would get the widows benefits and so that he could send his pay easier.  He died when the Xeno’s landed a missile strike against his ship.  Him and around two thousand others, ejected into space without enough time to get to the escape pods.  
I shut down for a while then.  I didn’t ignore you though, but it was hard.  You were just a baby, and I was now all alone.  The widow’s benefits kept us alive for a few months, enough time for me to realize that the only way to keep him alive was by making you the best man I could.  By raising you into a man he would be proud of.
That meant I couldn’t register.  If I registered for work that would most likely mean I’d be shipped to join the war.  I was healthy with no medically sound reason not to fight.  That would mean you’d be raised in one of the orphanages that were popping up all over the city.
I had to raise you myself to make sure that you would become the man I wanted you to be.  I had to raise you for him, I couldn’t leave you.  There was not a lot of work for someone who was unregistered though.  People can pay what they like when there is no government oversight, when you’re working in the black market.  All unregistered work is illegal, you know that, you’ve seen the posters and they tell you at school. 
I tried to be honest though, but the honest jobs couldn’t feed you and you were too young for school.  I needed to pay someone to watch you while I was at work and it was impossible to make enough to afford all that.  I was contemplating registration when I found Dave.
He offered me work, doing what I do now.  I’d get to stay home with you all day, and you slept through the night.  The money was really good on top of that.  I’d be able to raise you and feed you and give you a life.  I knew your test marks would be high enough to keep you on track to university and out of a combat role.  I just had to do this job and I could make that all happen.”
She paused, the tears still coming.  She took a deep breath.
“Just know that it wasn’t an easy choice.  That I didn’t want to do it.  It was a last resort.  And in the end what did it get me.  I only brought you into a life worse than an orphanage.”
She started sobbing, too violently to continue.
“Just know that I tried, that I did try.  I wanted to make a good life for you,” she stopped talking.  I tried to sit up and hug her, but the pain was too much. 
I don’t remember much after that.  The pain was overwhelming, I fought it off though, I didn’t want to be in tears all the time.  I wanted to look like I was fine so my mother wouldn’t feel any worse.  That whole week after the beating she just looked so sad, so upset.  I would hear her cry at night, after one client left and in that space before a new one arrived.  
I stayed in the tub for a while after that, mom would join me in the bathroom and sleep there with me.  It was too painful for me to do more than sit up in the tub, I would get dizzy when I stood.  My legs were shaky, my head throbbed all the time and I had lost more than a few teeth.
I stayed home for two weeks, I couldn’t be seen in school in the state I was in, let alone get there.  I had a severe concussion, a fractured wrist, a few cracked ribs, and my jaw had been dislocated, but mom had managed to pop it back in.  That was not painful, it was just uncomfortable, gross, feeling my bones shift against each other.  
She couldn’t take me to the hospital, it would mean I would get taken from her.  It would also mean she would have to be registered.  Non registered people were denied any government assistance and for all legal purposes were non-citizens.  If they were found out they would be registered and gain all the missed government benefits but would also be drafted into some aspect of the war effort, which for young healthy people like my mom meant going to the front.  
She had to try to nurse me back to heath on her own.  She managed to bring in an underground doctor the first day.  These doctors were more often nurses that had got addicted to one of the various and readily available painkillers.  Unable to work in a hospital they sold their services to unregistered people at a ridiculous rate and used this cash to buy drugs.  
I don’t remember his visit, I was too out of it, lost in a confused state of concussion.  He must have declared that I was not going to die because my mom would have brought me to a professional hospital were that the case.  She wouldn’t have risked my life.  He gave her some pills to help with my pain, and maybe those made being strong for her easier.
As I came around at the end of the first week and the confusion subsided it was replaced with an all-consuming rage.  Anger at Dave, at the army for killing my dad, at the Xeno’s for starting the war and at the world in general for putting us in this place.  I would have killed them all if I had been able.  I wanted to burn the earth to burn the galaxy to save my mom and here I was stuck in a tub too beat up to move.
The rage was overwhelming and it drove me to stand up.  My legs wanted to give way but I wouldn’t let them.  My head pounded but I ignored it.  I stepped out of the tub and opened the bathroom door.  I hoped I would find Dave there, with his back to me so I would have enough time to get a knife from the kitchen and plunge it into his back.  No one was there though.  Not even my mom, she must have gone out to buy food.
I walked to the couch and tried to ignore the pain in my head, tried to ignore the fact that it seemed like the lines connecting my brain to my legs had been cut.  Walking like a robot I reached the couch and sat down.  Looking at my small hands, feeling the pain filling my body, remembering the black eye on my mom, the welt where Dave had hit her.  I felt the rage get pushed down by helplessness.  I was just a small child, what could I do for my mom?  I realized that I was the reason she had to be in this type of life.  She needed the money to feed us both, it was all my fault.  I was the cause of everything, of all her hurt.  If I didn’t exist then maybe she could be happy.
It was then that I remembered the army guys that had visited.  They seemed to want me to sign up, to join a special military school for young kids.  Training for life.  I would be out of mom’s life and she would be able to get money from me.  The only way I could help was if I was in that program.  Why had she turned them away?  It would have been best for both of us.
I had been crying, thinking of how useless I was.  How I just cost her and didn’t provide anything in return.  I wiped the tears off and waited for her to come home.  I wanted to tell her about getting me into that military program, wanted to tell her that it would be for the best.  Then I fell asleep. 
When she woke me up I had forgotten everything.  My mind was still fuzzy from the beating and the pain pills were wearing off which didn’t help with my memory.
“How did you get out here?” she asked looking concerned.
“Dunno,” I managed weakly, the pain in my head was making it hard to speak.
“Here take some medicine honey, you shouldn't walk around, you could hurt yourself,” she said feeding me one of the few remaining pills.
As she carried me back to the tub I saw something on the small table by the door.  A business card with the logo of the United Earth Defense Force on the top.  That was when I remembered my plan. 

Chapter 7
 I suffer from waking nightmares.  I am pretty sure it’s a long term side effect of not sleeping.  The brain needs sleep, it’s a basic requirement of being human and no amount of modding can remove that need.  It doesn’t matter where I am or what I’m doing, they come out of nowhere.  Like hallucinations, things overlaid across my vision.  A disconnect between the digital feed from my eyes and the firing in my ocular nerve fed by whatever chemicals cause dreaming.
They are always nightmares, I can never have something pleasant.  These only started recently and they make keeping my sanity even more difficult.  When I can’t tell if I’m hallucinating something or if it’s real interacting with the world becomes difficult.  
It’s just one of the side effects that they didn’t plan for, we weren’t built to last the war, but they made us functionally immortal.  This causes problems.
I call them nightmares because they feel like nightmares, like the ones I used to have when I was normal.  Sometimes they even take place in that time before the war.  Mostly they just center around the war, around the things I did.  Sometimes they are so real I can feel the skulls of Squawker children as I crush them in my hands.  I can feel that warm blood as I tear adult Squawkers apart.  When we got bored or when our weapons malfunctioned we often killed them the way a normie child would kill insects.  We tore their legs off and let them bleed out, we crushed them, threw them against walls, used them as target practice.  The list goes on
It was this that would haunt me, the images of the death wrought by my own hands that would make my life hell.  I could never shut off that part of my mind, it would follow me and assault me.  It was all just one big side effect.  We were built for one thing and one thing only, I wish we had all died in the war.
This morning I walked to the lake.  I stood on the shore as the day brightened and tried to think about the point of all this.  Why would I bother to record this.  There is really no reason no real conclusion to make.  I don’t know if this is a condemnation or an attempt to stop something like this ever being done again.  Either way I know it is pointless.  Humans always said ‘never again’ after every atrocity, only to have it repeated somewhere else.  It was a never ending cycle of killing and just because humans had stopped killing each other and moved onto other species didn’t make it any better.  Genocide is in human DNA, they committed it against Neanderthals, various animals and each other.  Now they had committed it against a non-terrestrial species.  It was just natural progression.  I’m sure some people will vow to stop something like this ever being done again, but it will be, we will always be killers.  Maybe that’s why it was so easy for us Children to do the killing. 
I feel lost more and more each day.  I feel panic, fear, sadness all the time.  Fear of the nightmares that assault me, that bring the memories to light.  The fear is that I will be alive forever, that I cannot die.  Normies fear death I fear life.  Even though I know that eventually I will die, that is just basic physics, I fear that it will be the death of the sun that finally does me in.  
That is the only sure way I can think to kill myself.  The only thing powerful enough to overwhelm my systems and bring it all to an end.  I just can’t find a way to the Sun.  Space travel is heavily regulated and if I did manage to hijack a rocket I’d be shot out of the air before I left the atmosphere.  They can’t risk one of us getting to space, getting to the military orbital stations up there. They would assume I was on a revenge mission and it would be difficult to explain that I was just trying to kill myself, that I meant them no harm. 
I will try to figure this way to the Sun out.  If anything at least it is a little reassuring knowing that there is a way to die out there.  Even if it is currently impossible for me to get there.
My body hurts all the time.  Pain is new, another side effect.  We never felt pain, and I still don’t, not when I get hurt.  Pain was not necessary, nothing was life threatening or could even pose a risk of damaging us.  We would feel impacts of getting shot or blown up or falling, but none of the pain that would normally accompany an injury.  
So feeling this ache was new to me.  Something I hadn’t felt since I was human.  Since I was a normie.  It came and went.  A throb behind my artificial eyes, an ache in the knees, sharp pain in my elbows.  I think it is phantom pain, there is no damage there, nothing the bots wouldn’t be constantly repairing.  This pain was all in my head, like the nightmares.  A side effect of taking a human and modding them beyond all recognition.
Much like phantom limb syndrome in amputees this pain was associated with something lost.  Maybe it is a misfiring of those receptors in my brain, because I haven’t felt pain in so long the neurons associated with it are dying.  The pain I feel is their swan song, the last reminder of my human past.
It becomes unbearable at times, and there’s nothing that can make it go away.  I just have to move past it and accept it like everything else in the life that has been handed to me.  Like all the other side effects that surfaced after we got home. That even began to surface while we were at war.  The psychological effects of being disconnected from your body and having it rebuilt for war.  
Then there is the fact that I hear Jeremiah all the time.  His voice a constant in my mind, and this is not one of the nightmares, not a memory.  It is exactly like when he was alive and actively talking to me.  When he would give commands and reassurance, when he would help me out.  It’s still him, I question that he’s even dead.  The only problem is that what he says to me now makes no sense.  He says things that were from the war, things that are no longer relevant.  Like a ghost of him talking to me still.
I’m not sure what it is, not sure if it’s just another symptom of my growing insanity or if it’s a hold-over from the direct link we shared with him.  The link was something done on a direct brainwave level utilizing transmitters and receivers in both parties heads.  It allowed for communication on a thought level, like mind reading except it was powered by technology.  The loss of the anchor, Jeremiah, might be causing a loop of previous transmissions as the technology tries to reconcile a lost signal.  It’s like the ghost of him living on in my mind.  In the artificial memory of the machines in my head.
I can almost feel his presence, almost like he is physically there.  I’ll hear him and turn around expecting to see him there.  Usually I laugh at the fact that I’m surprised when he’s not.  It’s like I expected the suicide to just be another lie, something else to help throw me off.  
The way he exists is like he is simultaneously dead and alive.  Like he is stuck in the purgatory of my mind.  A handler was not supposed to die before all his children.  That was the plan.  Even if the ship had been attacked and was being overwhelmed, we would have fought to the last man to keep him alive.  In theory, to kill a handler one would have to get through his ten Children.  On the flip side, if a handler was going to die and some of his Children were still alive he was supposed to deactivate the remaining Children.  It was too risky having us run around without a handler, without a control or anyone who would know the kill command.  This would have also meant that we were destined to never outlive our handler, on his death bed he was supposed to take us all with him.
In practice they had chosen handlers that were too good, just like they had built us too well.  The handlers developed bonds that were too strong and when the moment came to kill us all he couldn’t do it.  He could only kill the ones that were directly involved and even that killed him.
I know he thought it was for the best, leaving me alive, but if he had just followed the protocol everything would be fine.  
It wasn’t just him though, most of the handlers choked when it came to actually having to put one of their children down.  All the minor rebellions perpetuated by us Children ended with a survivor or two, the ones that were like me, tired of the killing.  Unlike me they were also a lot more passive and willing to be locked up.  The survivors were currently running down in vaults locked under mountains, waiting for the world to end.
I don’t know how long it takes one of us to die of general power loss, and I’m worried I’m going to find out the hard way.  All because they had done too well.  Too perfect with making us and too good at picking handlers for us.  The one thing humans had managed to do perfectly, and it was create killing machines whose only flaw was that they were impossibly well built. 

Chapter 8
I was using stim boosters on a daily basis.  We all were.  The euphoria they brought was better than anything I have ever felt, either before or since.  That feeling of pure joy, for no reason other than that I was high.  My life began to revolve around them, when I wasn’t high everything seemed too difficult.  I wouldn’t move until Jeremiah had spent hours coaxing me to move, convincing me that the only way to get better was to help rebuild.
He knew about the stims, but there was nothing he could do.  He wanted us to feel free and besides, we couldn’t overdose and there were no long term side effects.  We were immortal, drugs couldn’t kill us.  He knew that there was a risk to us on the mental side, the stims would only bring about all the issues we were experiencing faster, but the trouble it would cause taking them from us was too much to manage.  There was a finite supply of stims, he would just wait until we had used them all.  The government had gone around and destroyed the other batches after Jeremiah had told them about us finding the first.
I did them because they helped me forget, helped me live with what I had done.  I think I was the only one that did them for that reason.  Everyone else just wanted to get high, wanted to race around and float in the euphoria of the drugs.
Meghan, who was slipping further and further into paranoid delusions, used the stims and the added speed they gave her to capture small animals.  She would go off for a bit and come back with a rabbit or a squirrel, sometimes a cat, and sit and pet it as it struggled to get free.  Wearing a serene smile the whole time she would slowly choke the animal to death.  Once dead it would be tossed aside, she’d take another stim and head out again.  I think she was responsible for the drop in native species around our house.
She had always liked choking things to death, it was her who had come up with the name Squawker for the Xeno’s.  It was because the first one she slowly strangled to death squawked the whole time, begging for its life in their bird like language we couldn’t understand.  When her grip got tighter the squawks got louder and she had started laughing.  
“Look at this Squawker here,” she had said, and the name had stuck.
It was the memories like this that I took the stims to avoid.  The problem was that everyone else on the stims only seemed to become worse, to want to re-enact the killing, to glorify the memories I was trying to escape.  
I was drifting around the house, George and I had been skipping work a lot as had everyone else.  I’m sure the government was on Jeremiah to get us all working again but he was holding them off so they hadn’t tried to take the stims.  If they had there would have been a lot of bloodshed I’m sure.  I came across Paul and Xo, they were talking to Stephen and Emile was there.  Emile was never really all there, he always just kind of existed, he had been broken for a while.  We just said he was broken because we didn’t want to admit that he was mentally gone.  Just a shell that would wander around and occasionally say something that made no sense.  
Paul looked up as we entered but didn’t say anything to us and went back to talking with his little group.
“We can do it, we are gods,” he said to Stephen.
“But what about Jeremiah?” Stephen asked, looking nervous despite being high.
“What about him, right now he is busy going to meetings with the government every day to discuss us and what to do with us, he has no idea,” Paul said.
George was not really interested in what was going on, he was having too good a time for serious talk like this.  I was intrigued though, I had never heard Paul talk so openly of rebellion.
“I’m tired of them treating us like tools to be used, like we are under their command.  We are better than them, we are what they would call god and all we have to do is show them that.  I don’t want to kill them all, just have them show us the respect we deserve,” Paul said.
“But Jeremiah can kill us,” Stephen said.
“I know, I think we would have to get him onboard.  If we managed to take out his handlers before he was ordered to take us out he would reconsider I’m sure.  He loves us, he will take our side once they lose leverage over him,” Paul said.  Xo was just nodding along, he was always in Paul’s pocket.  Emile just stared.
“What if we don’t?” Stephen asked.
“Then we will deal with it.  Look it’s all in the planning stages still, we have a lot to do for this, but I need to know who’s on board so I can start planning,” Paul said.
“Can I think about it?” Stephen asked.
“Sure thing buddy, just let me know either way, I won’t hold it against you if you say no,” Paul said patting his naked back.
Emile’s eyes moved and locked onto mine.  He looked like an ugly mannequin standing there, his lack of genitalia only added to the effect.  I was the only one who knew why Emile had no parts down there.  
I held his eyes, and he turned and walked away.  I didn’t know if was doing stims, I hadn’t seen him take any.  He was probably just walking around naked because we all were.  His movements were jerky, but they always were.  
“You in buddy,” Paul said catching my attention.
“I didn’t hear all of what you guys were talking about,” I said.  I was interested but wanted to hear the whole thing.
“I miss the war,” Paul wrapped his arm around me, “and I don’t see why it has to end.  Why we can’t start our own war, start the killing again.  Take these normies out and show them who the real owners of this planet are.  Of course we would leave some alive, it would be useless to be masters of a dead world.  I want to take this planet over,” he said.
“Why?” The question was out before I had even thought of what I was saying.
“Why? Why, because we are the rightful owners.  We are the fittest, it is basic evolution.  We are the top of the chain now and it’s time we took our place there.  Before they kill us all off.”  He stopped, the other members of our squad were in the room now.
“What do you mean?” Samantha asked.  Sean was standing beside her nodding his head.  Meghan was beside Cara and they were smiling, ensconced in the euphoria of the drug.  George had drifted back in but looked interested this time.
“Have you heard anything from bravo or delta squads?” Paul asked us all.
There were a few heads shaking, we hadn’t really had any contact with any of the other squads since we had returned to Earth.
“That’s because the government didn’t like the fact that they refused to do the reconstruction work that they insisted on their rightful place, not as slaves but as masters.  Their handlers were forced to put them down.  Squads all over, from all the fronts of the war, are all slowly being put down.” Paul said.  
There was mumbling amongst us.  He did have a point, I hadn’t seen another Child besides our group since our return.
“Slowly they are finding reasons to take them out, lock them up.  If their handlers refuse to kill them then they capture them. They have weapons that can knock us down for a few seconds and in that time before we are back up they have us bound in chains too strong for even us to break.  They shove us in a vault too strong to dig out.  They are keeping us separate because in small groups they can manage us but even one or two more of us and we could take a county.  It only took a hundred of us to take a fully militarized planet, it would take even fewer to take this weak one.  They are scared so they are killing us.  I say we get them first, we do a preemptive strike and show them that we are their masters, we are their gods.”
We all just stood there, trying to take all of what he was saying in. 
“Paul, what are you talking about?” Jeremiah’s voice came through on all our channels.  He sounded stern, disappointed but never angry.  It discouraged us from challenging him, we never wanted to let him down.
We couldn’t hear Paul’s reply, the transmitting only worked between each child and his handler, we couldn’t talk to each other through the same link.  Our links were more primitive and they had been shut off after the war.  All measures to prevent us from circumventing surveillance and organizing anything on our own.  
“I think you’re acting a little paranoid Paul.  Do you really think there is some grand plan to control you guys?  You’re all free to live normal lives now if you want.  Get paid jobs and pave your own way.  The government offered you these reconstruction jobs and this housing because they thought it would be the easiest way to get you all back to society.  You haven’t heard from the others because they are all trying to move on and start a life outside of the war.  Why would they spend all that money making you guys just to destroy you all when you came home?  Why would they bring you home to imprison you?” Jeremiah asked.  He was talking to all of us still, making sure that he was getting through to each of us to try and prevent us taking something Jeremiah said seriously.
 To an outsider it would have looked like we were all insane, we had stopped talking and just stood there, our expressions reflecting how we felt getting in trouble with Jeremiah.
“Paul, I think you should lay off the stims for a bit, one of the side effects they don’t mention is paranoia. I think you should all lay off the stims.” Jeremiah said.
There was some grumbling at that, we were all enjoying the drugs.  I could tell that some of my fellow squad members were also a little upset at having the plan Paul was presenting them interrupted.  They were taking him seriously.  The only person that had influence over us besides Jeremiah was Paul and his idea was more fun than the one Jeremiah was suggesting.  
“I’m not telling you to stop, you’re free to do what you want, but just know that all this paranoia is probably because of all the stims you guys are using,” Jeremiah said, “and Paul.” the rest trailed off as Jeremiah switched to the private frequency.  He was clearly reaming Paul out though, we all watched his expression shift from that of a dog caught in the kitchen to that of a petulant child to one of defiant anger.  Jeremiah couldn’t see this but I hoped he realized that whatever he was telling Paul was only making things worse.
We all kind of stood there awkwardly, suddenly sober.  Paul looked up and stormed out of the room.  He was a good leader but he did not like when things went a different way than he had planned.  He was used to his plans being followed through, not countermanded.  Xo and Meghan followed him.  Stephen and Samantha drifted back to the living room followed by George.  I realized that Jeremiah’s speech to us implied something else.
We were no longer wards of the government, which meant they were no longer obliged to take care of us.  We were going to start having trouble free loading soon, they would want us to work or the money for the house and the few things we needed would stop.  We had been on a stim binge for a few weeks now and I felt that it was going to be coming to an end soon.
We didn’t cost much to keep alive, most of the cost would have been the house which was cheap now that there was not a lot of competition for land, and the clothing we burned through, which was optional as far as we were concerned.  The government didn’t want us walking around naked though so we were provided clothes.  We had few possessions, didn’t need food, kept ourselves occupied for the most part.  I wouldn’t mind living on the street, but it would get annoying having to deal with normies all the time.  The house was nice because it allowed us all to be together.
 I had to stop taking the stims every day and get back to work, or just go to work on the stims.  I couldn’t face the idea of being sober again, not after being high for so long.  Losing this state of euphoria was something I was not ready for.  I would take a lower dose each day and hopefully be able to focus at work.  I would work faster and get more done on the stims too.  It was a win-win, and then when I got home I could take a double dose to spend the night lost in the cloud of happiness they induced.
I realized that I was still standing in the kitchen, one thing about the stims was that you could get lost in your thoughts easily.  It was just me and Emile now.
“I know a way,” Emile said.  Then he left.  I felt a pang of sadness for Emile, he was one of us that was truly lost.  I was slipping into a state of permanent depression that was being held at bay by a diminishing wall of drugs.  The others were falling into paranoia and schizophrenia, but Emile had been lost before the war.  I still don’t know how he managed to pass the first screening process.
I wandered off to find George.  I needed to tell him about going back to work, tell him that if we were all going to stay together in this house we needed to start working again.
I wandered the house looking for him.  He was not in the living room, not in the basement.  No one had seen him.  I gave up and went up to the room assigned to me.  I had a box of clothes, a stash of stims and a few assorted games that no longer kept me occupied because they were too easy.
I saw him crouched in the corner of my room.
“George, what’s going on?” I asked, thinking he was playing some kind of joke.
“I. Can’t. Make. Them.” He yelled, turning toward me. Tears in his eyes.  He was crying, I didn’t even know it was possible for us to cry.
“George,” I was lost for words, this was out of my control.
“Don’t worry,” Jeremiah’s voice in my head, “I’ve got him.”
George stood up and walked out.  Not even seeing me.  I followed him, he went to his room and sat down. Blinked and looked at me.
“Hey, what’s up?” he asked.
“Nothing. You okay?” I asked, at this point I was beyond confused.
“Yeah, why wouldn’t I be?”
“No reason.  I think we need to start working again, the government might take the house,” I told him my plan, trying to move past what had just happened.  Jeremiah had said that he had him.
There was no reason to worry, Jeremiah had us all under control.  I thought everything was going to be under control.

Chapter 9
My mom had refused the army’s offer to buy me outright.  She didn’t even consider it.  I learned that some of my fellow squad members parent’s had not been so loving.  A few were sold as soon as the offer was made, most were sold within a week of the offer.  The army purposely went to rough neighborhoods, known places that unregistered people lived, hunted down parents that would be drooling over the chance at some quick money.
Selling a child made a lot more sense from a cost standpoint than raising one.  Most of the parents were addicted to drugs, alcoholics or scumbag leeches on society.  The offer of enough money to buy a small house was enough for them to not even think twice about selling their child.  Often they had two or three kids on top of it and made a small fortune.  A fortune quickly blown on drugs and cars and often they either died or ended up worse off than they were before.
The other portion of parents that actually had to think about the decision were unregistered individuals and they saw a way into a better life for them and their child.  They hoped that the army would take care of their child and the money allowed them to escape poverty.  It was a tough decision but one that was still made with an air of common business transaction.
My mom was different.  She had a reason to sell me, she had all the reasons in the world.  Selling me would get her out of the horrible life she had been forced into, it would be the best thing she could do for herself.  But after she told the guys from the army off I firmly believe it never even crossed her mind again, not until I brought it up.
It was the darkest time in the war.  Food was becoming even more scarce and expensive.  All the resources on the planet had been turned toward the war effort.  There was a labor shortage in every industry as all able bodied people were being forced into the war effort.  Unregistered people were being rounded up, examined and forced into some kind of service fitting to their medical status.  The state of emergency crackdown was getting even harsher as there was a growing threat of rebellion.  People were openly talking of surrender as they could see life under the Xeno’s not being much worse than the lives they had now.  If the Xeno’s were going to exterminate humanity they would have done it already.
Society was breaking down, but I didn’t care because my mom had taken me out of school.  With the roundup of unregistered people she was scared I would get taken at school.  She didn’t want me going to any places that were under government control.  To me the dark days were actually a pretty good time.
A few weeks after the first visit from the army guys, after I had healed up from my beating I brought up selling me to the army.
“What are you talking about honey?” my mom had asked.  Feigning ignorance but the edge in her voice told me that this was a topic I should approach with caution.
“What those army guys were talking about,” I said.
“They were talking about something different, don’t you concern yourself with silly things like that,” she said the anger rising in her voice.
“But everything would be better, you could have money,” I started before she cut me off.
“Stop.  I lost your daddy to those bastards and I will not lose my baby.  Never bring this up again,” it was the angriest I had ever seen her.  She swore, she never swore around me.
“I’m sorry mommmy,” I felt like I had done something wrong, that I was in trouble.
“Don’t cry baby, mommy just doesn’t like the thought of losing you,” she said hugging me.
That was the last time I had brought it up, I could tell it was something that would only cause problems if I brought up again.
A week after that was when I started staying home full time.  The schools were starting to look at the parents of children, trying to locate any unregistered.  It made my mom’s life much more difficult.  She had to find places for me to spend my days while she brought clients over.  She still had to make money, with the cost of food reaching levels that made it nearly impossible for unregistered people to afford she needed the work more than ever.  I noticed our meals were getting smaller and that she wasn’t eating at some of them.
That was when I started stealing.  We needed to live and if my mom wasn’t going to sell me I felt that I should help out in any way I could.  Since I couldn’t work to get money and since I was not getting fed at school any more I wanted to help pay my own way.  It may have been wrong but I am pretty sure that the government was raising the price of food artificially in order to force unregistered people out of hiding.  A registered person working for the war was entitled to three meals a day, even if your work didn’t help the war registered people usually made more than enough to afford the higher cost of food.
After I had decided to steal it came down to learning how to do it.  I had an advantage over an adult because I was smaller and less noticeable.  People also didn’t often suspect kids of theft, as long as I didn’t take too much I could wander in and out of a store without raising any suspicion.  Even if I did get caught there were no serious repercussions, maybe I would even get registered and taken away which would help my mom while keeping me guilt free.
So I left one day, presumably to the neighbor that looked after me while my mom was working.  We went through the normal goodbyes and I walked out, passing the door of our neighbor and headed toward the local food distributor.
The city was still in ruins from the first attack.  Blown out buildings stood abandoned at odd angles.  The road was blown apart in places and everything still seemed to be covered in a film of brick dust.  Having grown up in a world like this I thought nothing of it, thought it was normal for the streets to be almost empty in the middle of the day.
I reached the distributor and walked in.  It was moderately busy; this was one of the few places that people still went to.  There was nothing else to spend money on and most people couldn’t justify spending money on things that were not food any way.  Even in the middle of the day it would have people wandering around, trying to calculate the most calories they could get for their money.
I hadn’t thought of anything to steal, I didn’t know what would work having never shopped before.  I also didn’t know where anything was, I had just started my career as a criminal and I was already hopelessly lost.
I wandered around for a bit trying to get an idea on what would be worth taking the risk for.  It was a little disconcerting when the grocery store had an armed security guard.  Admittedly an old and slow out of shape looking security guard, but armed with a handgun on his hip.
I was drifting through the aisles when I came across the rice shelf.  It was one of the busiest areas of the store and this seemed like something perfect to steal.  I could shove a kilogram bag in my coat, covered by the confusion of people and get out of there safely.  We ate rice all the time so I knew my mom could use it.
I walked toward the closest shelf, looking like I knew what I was there for, like I was supposed to be there, like I did this every day.  Trying to look as casual as I could manage with my racing heart and sweating hands I shoved the bag of rice in my coat and quickly turned down the aisle.  The bumping and pushing of other people trying to grab up the cheapest deals assured me that I couldn’t have been seem.
I made a line for the exit, walking like I was in a hurry, like maybe my mom was there and she was leaving without me.  Keeping casual but hoping that the worry in my face would open me to sympathy and help avoid any questions.  I didn’t think that my leaving the store without purchasing anything would look suspicious.  I was too young to think of everything, I was too new at the shoplifting game.  
Just as I was about to leave I felt a hand on my shoulder.  My heart jumped to a thousand beats a minute.  I turned toward the stern face of the guard, waiting to take my punishment.  The fear I had first felt being replaced by anger.  Why did my mom have to starve? It wasn’t fair, I was only making things fair.  I was about to turn and run when the blast of the siren stopped the world for one brief second.
Everyone stopped, like they were frozen in time.  The air raid siren loud enough to blast all thoughts from one’s mind.  Then came fear and panic as the people in the store started running.  The guard could now care less about some boy stealing a bag of rice, he was going to have a stampede to deal with.  Unless he decided his own life was worth more than the menial job he was working and he got out of there too.  
I knew what the sirens meant, I had been trained in school like all the other children.  They didn’t bring about the same level of fear in me as they did in the adults though. The adults had survived the first bombing, they knew what was about to happen, I only had an idea gained from lessons in school.
This was the beginning of the second direct attack on Earth, the last attack that would manage to make it through our defenses.  I later learned that it was one of the most costly attacks of the war on the side of the enemy.  After the first bombing Earth’s strategy had been defense, we didn’t have the military might to even get close to the Xenoavian’s home world, so we focused on protecting our own and trying to reclaim some colonies.  There was a reason that the Xeno’s wanted to take such a risk attacking Earth, and that was that they knew of the rumblings of dissent amongst the population.
This was a terror attack, something to push people into realizing that the war was not winnable and that humanity should surrender to a vastly superior enemy.  We couldn’t even get close to their world and they could bomb ours at will.  They wanted to force surrender.  They had studied humanity and thought that this attack would help bring about the end of the war.
I didn’t know all this at the time.  I was just worried about getting home with my bag of rice and making sure my mom was safe.  People were scrambling for any shelter they could find, there were few public bomb shelters so people were rushing to the underground transit system.  I knew from class that I should go too, but I didn’t care, I had things to do, I had no idea what was coming.  
The shelter system was woefully inadequate, labor shortages along with a feeling of false security had led to the construction of them being abandoned after the first attack.  The subway transit system offered a good amount of protection, especially the lower tracks that were far enough below the earth to be immune to all but the strongest bombs.
I ran out of the store, propelled by the crowd toward a subway entrance.  I managed to wriggle against the flow and get into a doorway.  I stood there watching the human torrent flow past me.  People wild with fear, trampling each other to reach the marginal safety of the tunnels.  The bombs that were now hurtling down from space would be zeroed on the tunnel entrances.  Unless you were lucky enough to be in the deepest tunnel when they hit you were dead.  The tunnel entrances would become scenes of horror.  Even if one was deep enough to survive the bomb you would then be buried and trapped in the tunnel as all the entrances were blown apart.  I just stood in my doorway hoping for a break in the flow to make a run to the road which had fewer people on it.  I could manage to make it home if I could just reach the road.
I was getting ready to run when the first bombs struck.  It was sheer luck that I didn’t get blown apart.  The bombs hit the entrance to the subway and the blast wave tore up the block.  There was very little debris, these bombs being better than anything manufactured on earth.  The airburst wave tore the river of people apart.  I saw a lady pushing forward one second and the next she was on the ground, her eyes blown out of her skull, blood bubbling from her mouth.  I was on the edge of the lethality of the bomb, I barely escaped the blast with my life.  
My ear drums burst with the force and the world went quite in a painful instant.  I couldn’t breathe, the wind had been knocked out of me.  My head was ringing, pain starting to radiate from behind my eyes.  I fell to the ground gasping to inhale, black starting to fill my vision.  A sudden quick inhale, followed by another deeper one.  The black faded and I was breathing normally again.  It felt like being pulled from the brink.  I still couldn’t hear, everything was confused in my head, I didn’t know what was happening.
People were running, a man was standing in the middle of the street on one leg, holding a woman's leg in his hand, looking around like he was lost.  People were stumbling to their feet from further down the block, where the subway entrance had been was now a smoking pit surrounded by a ring of bodies and body parts.
I remember seeing a child, about my age, crawling toward a woman whose intestines were protruding from her torn shirt.  I got to my feet and started to walk away from what I was seeing.  I knew what was going on but I didn’t feel anything, I just felt the overwhelming urge to get home.  My hand went to where the rice was in my coat, it was still there.  I needed to get to mom, to make sure she was fine.
I stumbled in the direction I thought home was, I couldn’t remember for sure.  All around me were bodies, people wandering around looking as stunned as I felt.  I was thankful that I couldn’t hear because I’m sure that the screams of the living and those that were dying would have haunted me more than silent images.
I reached the corner and headed down a street that hadn’t been hit with the blast.  It was empty, everyone having run the other way from the explosion that had just happened.  I could see smoke rising in other parts of the city as the bombs kept falling.  I could feel the vibrations in my feet as powerful bombs shook the city to its foundation.  Distantly I wondered if I would ever hear again.
I was walking past an open door when a man came out and beckoned me inside.  I couldn’t hear what he was saying but he looked like he was trying to help.  Something about him turned me off though.  I kept walking, something in the way he looked at me.  I wanted to run but my legs wouldn’t work.  
The ringing in my ears was subsiding, I could barely hear what the man was saying, like noise underwater.  
“Come inside, there are more bombs,” came as if from across an ocean.  Then I felt a firm grip around my waist and I was being hauled into a building.
I tried to struggle, fight back, I was fine, I didn’t need help I yelled.  I was now realizing what had turned me off about the man’s look, he had looked at me the same way Dave looked at my mother.
He set me down in the dimly lit room and locked the door behind me.  I knew what this man was, my mom had warned me of these people.  Slavers.  People who would abduct children and sell them into the sex trade.  With the focus on the war and the lack of police power to investigate things like this it was becoming more and more common.  I had always thought my mom’s stories about them were meant to be fairy tales, like the big bad wolf, designed to keep me inside.  I didn’t realize they were real.
“What were you doing out there young man?” he asked, his voice barely audible over the tinnitus.
“I want to get home,” my voice sounded odd in my muffled ears.
“Well why don’t we just sit here until the bombs stop?” the man said it like I had a choice, like I hadn’t just seen him lock the door.
I realized that if I was a normal child I would think this man was safe, the only reason I knew what he was, was because of Dave and the way he interacted with my mom.  This man was doing everything he could to try to put me at ease, to use the chaos of the bombing to make some money grabbing another child.  I could see the hunger in his eyes though, that greed, I could tell.
“Let me out please, I need to get home, my mom is waiting for me,” I tried, hoping he would think I would be missed.  I knew that in reality my mom would assume the neighbor had taken me and the other kids to the subway.  That I wouldn’t be missed for a few hours at least.
“I’m sure she will understand if you’re a bit late,” the man said.
I was done arguing, my mind was too rattled from the bombs, from the carnage I had just witnessed.  I was done playing at the innocent child who had no idea what this man wanted, I was done trying to get out of this normally.  I ran as fast as my legs could manage toward the door, it looked like I’d be able to break out and get to the safer streets.  I couldn’t tell but it seemed as if the bombs were slowing, that the attack might be ending.  I could hear the sirens blaring still, could see people running outside the window.  I was almost there before he had grabbed me.
“Now, now, no need for that,” he said turning me to face him, his face right in front of mine, he breath rank and rotting like his teeth.
“No, I want to go,” I yelled.
“Well well, we have a fighter here. Don’t worry, I’ll be nice,” the man said.  He was squeezing me tight against him.  I could feel his body through his thin clothes.  I knew right then what he wanted, what he was going to try to make happen, and I decided to make sure that it didn’t happen.  If he was going to do that to me he was going to have a fight on his hands.
“Now settle down or I’ll tell your mom what you were doing, out in the bombing, I’m sure you weren’t allowed out,” he said.  Trying tactics that might have worked on other children, children who were not as experienced in this world of sex slavery.
“Fuck you,” I spat at him.  The slap put me to the floor, and filled my vision with that red haze, no one had hit me since Dave.  This brought that day back to me, brought all the hopeless rage back, I was ready to kill.
“Now listen here you little shit,” the man’s calm demeanor was gone, “you’re mine now, no one is coming to get you, by this time tomorrow you’ll be in another city and I’ll be a little richer.”
I didn’t say anything, I tried to look more scared than I felt, wanted to put him off his guard.
“Now don’t make me bruise you any more, I want to keep you pretty,” he said.
I watched as he unzipped his pants and took a pathetically small penis into his hands.
“Of course that doesn’t mean I don’t want to try my merchandise out, don’t fight and I won’t hurt you,” he was obviously falling for the scared look I was going for.  
I scooted back and waited, locking eyes with him.  I was not going to let myself be exploited, I was not going to be my mother.

Chapter 10
I stood on the roof of the house and looked across the valley below.  The house used to be in a prime area of the town, people would pay insane amounts of money for this view, to be on the edge of the city.  Now it was seen as a liability, the population had dwindled so much that people wanted to cluster back together, feeling safety in numbers, reverting to the primitive instincts of the group.  The house was no longer considered the edge of town, it was far enough away in the newly returned wilds to be considered woodland.  That was why we were put here, lack of proximity to normies, safety for them, and peace for us.  I never noticed how nice the view was before.
The Xeno home world was beautiful too.  Their houses and structures all focused skyward, were all built well off the ground, some scraped the roof of the planet, getting high enough to require oxygen for those outside.  The ground was forgotten, there were no roads, no superhighways, they all flew.  If they had to go a long distance they had flight suits that would allow them to fly faster and would spare them the muscle exertion.  These were powered by little fusion cells, and were only used for international travel. 
The lack of vehicles meant that their atmosphere was not choked with smog like ours, the air was beautifully clear, the sky seemed bluer, the clouds a crystal white.  The planet was beautiful, before we got there.  Now it was partially ruined by how we fought, there.  Forests burned to ash.
Humanity gained nothing from the war, no new colony worlds and the ones we had were abandoned as every human was needed on Earth to help with the repopulation efforts.  All the war did was cost humanity.  Being the non-aggressor it was okay that they came out on top.  When I think of things like that I can almost feel better about all the killing.  Almost.
I walk back into the house, I see Jeremiah standing there and hear his voice, distantly, arguing with the admiral, insisting that we were still children that we couldn’t have something like this put on us.  Transmitting on all channels so we would know he was defending us even though we were the ones who wanted to do the killing most of all.
I blink and he’s gone.  It’s all getting blended together in my head.  I might be immortal but if I keep living I am going to go insane, a god without sanity is a dangerous thing.  If only he had realized this maybe he would have killed me too.
I had too much compassion, too much empathy to want to kill the normies like Paul and the rest.  Jeremiah had too much love to kill me when I had done nothing wrong.  Love and compassion had conspired to doom me to a life I no longer wanted.
The boredom gets to me, that is something that maybe people can understand.  It’s hard to imagine how it feels having a genocide hanging over your head but think of the boredom living forever can cause.  There is nothing on this Earth that I can do that will stimulate me.  I am too smart for games as all they are is puzzles, books hold nothing for me because there is no way to relate, I can’t understand human emotions, same goes for movies and all other forms of mass entertainment.  Feely shows don’t work on me because my nervous system blocks all the inputs, I can’t get drunk and now that all the stims are gone I can’t get high either. 
I have seen all the world has to offer and can’t enjoy it because I am too depressed all the time.  I can’t feel good about what I saved knowing what it cost.  I can’t die and that removes any excitement from life.  Food holds no interest to me as I can barely taste, and I can’t relate to music.  I am constantly bored, there is nothing that keeps me interested.  Besides writing this I have no other way to spend my day.  I just write and try to think of methods of suicide that will actually work.  
There is very little I haven't tried already and thinking of new and inventive ways of death is becoming impossible.  My mind may be advanced but there is nothing it can do to violate physics.  I’m starting to think that entropy will be what kills me.  Unless I can hijack a rocket.
I have reflected on that, on flying into the sun.  The more I think about the worse and worse it seems.  If I flew toward the sun the ship I was in would burn up and leave me drifting in space before I got close enough.  Eventually my momentum and gravity would carry me into the sun but the whole time I would be burning and regenerating.  It would most likely be an unimaginable hell.  I still think I might give it a go if I can escape.  I just have to be willing to take the risk.  Floating in space and slowly burning until my nanobot army can’t do any more to regenerate appeals to the martyr in me.
Sometimes I wonder if god is real.  It’s hard to believe in an entity that is all powerful when I am an immortal all powerful entity.  God could probably die if he wanted to though, so I guess I am not as all powerful as I like to think.  I guess I would be more of a demigod, sentenced to an eternity on Earth because of...what?  The life my mother chose?  The system that pushed her there?  The war? The Xenoavians?  Sentenced to this life because of the sins of the other, not because of my own choices. 
Sometimes if I think of it too much, and if I’m in a bad mood, I think that killing as many normies as I could before they caught me would be a good way to spend my time.  Sometimes when the hallucinations and nightmares and depression all pile up on me I contemplate killing, trying to kill the world, make a kingdom of a dead planet.  Sometimes I wonder, could I commit a second genocide against those that made me?

Chapter 11
We drifted around after Paul’s rant against the system, his call to arms.  All of us high on stims, although I had started working again.  George came for the first few days, then the lost the ability to focus on the work and was too dangerous to the normies.  He had gotten a lot worse.  I never really liked him but Sean had abandoned me since the stims appeared so George was the only real company I had.  He was also one of the few of us who didn’t feel the need to spend every waking minute reliving the war.
I missed him and the company he provided at the job site.  I worked alone, the normies would only get in my way.  George just couldn’t work he was as likely to accidentally destroy the building as he was to help build it.
I would arrive early at the site, having taken a few stims I was not as bright but I could work much faster and didn’t get distracted by my thoughts.  I stayed late too, I enjoyed creating something.  The stims helped with that enjoyment, but it was nice to create.  The normies had gotten used to me working in the nude.  The stims burning my clothes off.  I had considered building some metal underwear but let it drop, the normies could deal with me being naked or they could build it themselves.
They would go home and I’d keep working.  Soon the building looked like a normal building, not just the skeleton of one.  I would sometimes work there all night without realizing it, lost in the labor.  It didn’t really matter, I didn’t enjoy my time at the house as much as everyone else.  They would sit around and joke about the war, all high on stims.  I was the only one that went to work on a regular basis.
Emile was the only company I could stand.  He didn’t talk much but at least he never spoke of the war when he would say his random phrases.  It was startling when he spoke and often what he said would have little connection with what was happening but in a weird way it was refreshing.
In hindsight they should have anticipated the boredom that would set in amongst us.  We couldn’t drink, the drugs wouldn’t last and some of the heavier users were having a hard time reaching their desired high.  We had been raised in a war, in the excitement of battle, of killing and of feeling the power of invincibility.  Now they expected us to be content building things.  I was the exception in that I enjoyed my work, everyone else had bored of it.
I knew that when the drugs ran out I would also probably get bored, the depression would suck the little pleasure I got from my work away.  Sometimes, on sad rainy days, I would catch myself remembering the war in a fond light.  I was able to take my anger out on something, I was able to feel strong, I felt happy, there was no depression stalking me.
I entered the living room after a hard day, I had been tapering my dose of stims down as we ran out.  I didn’t want to feel the sudden removal of them harder than I had to.  I needed to get back to being sober or getting forced into it would be a lot more difficult.
“Remember the first time we made ground fall,” I had come in to Sean starting the retelling of one of his favorite parts of the war.  
“There was a challenge,” I found myself saying.  I actually felt a warm nostalgia at the memory.
“You had to lead those drones hard to hit them,” Cara said, “no choking those bastards out.”
“Remember when one grabbed Paul and Xo blasted off after him.  I didn’t know how fast those things were, how high did you guys get?”  Samantha asked.
“Near the stratosphere,” Xo answered. Paul was smiling at the memory.
“He had Paul locked up, I don’t know what the thing was trying to do, take him to space or something,” Xo continued.
“I think they were trying to find a way to kill us,” Paul said.
“Yeah, so I grab the fucker and just start slamming my fist into it at random points and the thing only starts to go faster.  I must have hit an acceleration control or something.  Finally I’ve torn the damn thing apart and it drops Paul,” Xo only spoke when it was about the war, and most of his war stories revolved around Paul.
“I don’t know how long we fell for, Xo lost his pack in the fight and mine had been torn off.  I was worried we were in orbit, it didn’t feel like the ground was getting closer,” Paul said.
“Finding you guys after that was a bitch,” Stephan said.
In the early days of the war we actually had to fight.  It wasn’t just a slaughter.  They threw their drone army at us.  That was the primary way the Squawkers fought the war.  
The drones were fast and would keep us down, hitting us with missiles and high power slug shots.  Our weapons and armor would be shredded and we often had to resort to hand to hand combat.  When they realized they couldn’t kill us with conventional weapons they resorted to keeping us pinned through constant bombardment.  Being blown up over and over it was difficult to fight, our systems working constantly to repair the damage and having to try and hear and see through the blasts, trying to move when concussive waves threw you around.  It made for a good challenge.
“Yeah, we still dropped a bunch on the trek back, I hated when our packs got blown up, made it take too long,” Paul said.
The jetpacks we used to bring the fight to the air, the home turf of the Squawkers, were notoriously fragile.  That lead to the next tactic, the drones would just target out packs and send us to ground level where we were significantly easier to control.
“Shame that they couldn’t make our gear as tough as us,” I said.
“It did force us to get a little personal, which was nice,” Meghan said.  She had loved choking the Squawkers out.
“If it wasn’t for the crap guns we were given I would have never learned about the lovely sound they made when you wrapped our hands around their neck,” the smile of pleasant memory encompassed her face.
The conversation was taking a turn I didn’t like.  I had to admit that I did enjoy the early days of the war.  It was actually difficult, was actually challenging, and all we were killing was drones.  It was like a big game.  Even when we faced actual Squawkers in their mech suits it was still exciting, still felt like a war.  We were avenging the attack on Earth, they had started the war, we were finishing it.  I had never thought we would be killing innocents. 
The anger made killing the civilians easy at the beginning, the rage and lust for revenge, the image of the bombing I had survived seared into my memory.  Maybe I overdosed on revenge, maybe I wasn’t as mad at the world as my squad mates, but I didn’t like remembering the killings.  Rage had been replaced by guilt, a guilt I knew they didn’t feel.
“Think, how easy it would be to do that to normies,” Paul said quietly, as if by whispering Jeremiah wouldn’t hear.  I waited for Jeremiah’s voice to interrupt us, but it never came.  He must have not been listening.
“I wonder what sound they would make?” Meghan asked herself.
“We could do it, could be kings,” Xo said following Paul’s lead.
“Who wants to be king over a bunch of ants, I would rather be a god to nothing then to them.  They are insects compared to us,” Paul said.  He was taking a track I didn’t like.
The idea of ruling the normies, that was appealing in its own way.  Getting revenge for what they had turned us into, making them our slaves, becoming the new dominant species.  I didn’t want the bloodshed that would be required, but I could understand the end game.  I didn’t understand the desire to just kill them all.  Maybe I had an attachment to them still.  Maybe the memories of my mother made me see them as more than ants.
“Paul, careful,” Sean said.  The conspiratorial tone told me that they had been discussing this, that they we working on something.
“Right, Squawkers, killing the Squawkers was so easy, like breaking a piece of glass, like squishing an ant,” Paul said.  We knew that Squawker had now become a stand in for normies, but to them there was no difference.  Normies and Squawkers were both equally alien to us now.  I didn’t want to kill either, but they were ready for round two.  The only difference this time was that Jeremiah would stop them.
I left them to their talk of killing, laughing and making jokes about killing normies, just calling the normies Squawkers to hide from Jeremiah.  Enjoying the forbidden topic.  
I considered going back to work, it seemed to be the only thing worth doing.  There was really nothing here for me any more with my squad.  All they wanted was killing, I hoped that Jeremiah would catch on and stop it but I wasn’t going to tell him.  I wouldn’t be responsible for killing them all.  Maybe on some level I wanted to see what happened, a dim glowing ember of revenge still sitting deep inside me.  Wanting to see them pay, wanting them to see the cost of their victory.  
I felt a tap on my shoulder and saw Emile.
“Don’t worry, I’m working on a way,” he said.
“What?” I asked confused.  I was getting tired of Emile’s cryptic sentences.  I couldn’t understand the point of them or why he bothered talking if he wasn’t going to make sense.
“Just don’t worry, okay.” He walked away.
I stood there, confused.  I tossed the last of my stims on the counter.  I was done taking those, I didn’t want to end up like Emile.  He was nuts before the stims and I doubt he took any, but putting my mind through any undue stress could break me like he had been broken.  I didn’t want to live the confusing world he must inhabit.
There were only a few hours until I had to be officially back at work.  I tried to judge the temperature of my own skin to see if I could wear clothes to work.  I was getting tired of weirding my normie co-workers out.  It was difficult, but judging on how sober I felt I chanced putting clothes on.  They steamed a bit, but didn’t burn off.  Working without being high was going to be a lot less enjoyable but it was better than listening to all the talk of killing normies.  I left the house to try to become a constructive force in the world and maybe mitigate some the destruction I was worried my fellow Children were about to commit.

Chapter 12
The man that abducted me was not ready for a child with some fight in them.  I don’t think he was ready for one that also knew what was going on.  One of the benefits of being raised by a prostitute was that I had a firm introduction to sex education.  I knew what  he wanted from me.  I also knew the weakest spot on a man was now staring me in the face through his unzipped pants.
I did the only thing I could think of.  The only thing that would stop me from being made into a victim, to stop me from becoming my mother.  I looked up at his face and saw Dave, saw what she must have seen many times before, and I then saw red.  I grabbed his testicles and watching his face pulled down on them, twisting them as I yanked sharply downward.  His face went from menacing to rage to pure pain and terror as I felt his scrotum tear free from the base of his penis.
He dropped to his knees and I pulled backward, intent on tearing off his balls.  I was not letting go.  He stuck out at me, feebly, but hard enough to knock me back.  The pain flared in the eye he had hit, but I held on.  I could feel the tearing skin, the stretch and pull as it tore away from his body.  I kept yanking, from a distance I felt more blows rain down on me, but I was focused now, I was taking his balls even if it killed me.
With one final jerk I felt them tear free.  He let out a scream that went on until I was convinced he was going to pass out.  It turned into a whine as he fell on his back, his hands holding his now mangled manhood.  I tossed his scrotum in his face and watched the blood gush from between his fingers.  I was shocked at the amount of blood, and looking back on the event I am certain that he must have died.  There is a lot of blood flow to that region and unless he managed to get to a hospital during the bombardment it’s pretty unlikely he lived.
I didn’t care at the time, I needed to get out of that room in case he managed to get up and grab me.  Or if he had friends in the building that would have heard the screams, even over the bombing.  The window seemed like the only option with the door locked.  There was a chair in the room, I tossed it against the window.  It did nothing.  It bounced off like I had tossed it at a wall.
I looked around in despair and fear.  I needed out of this room, the guy was still lying on his back moaning but there was no telling when he would manage to come around.  I ran up to the window to see if the chair had done any damage.  There were a few cracks which was encouraging.  The window was just thick but not blast proof.  I grabbed the chair again and lifted it to toss it.  Trying to channel all the rage from before I threw it again.  It bounced off again.
I suddenly felt very tired.  The man’s moans were becoming less frequent and I could hear him grunting and swearing as he tried to get up.  I needed to get out of here and looking around I could see no other exit.  So I grabbed the chair again, stepped back from the window and was about to toss it when I was thrown backwards.
The ringing in my ears was back.  I couldn’t breathe again, I couldn’t see.  I sat up, blinked and regained my sight.  There was dust everywhere, I was bleeding from my ears and nose.  I felt like I had been hit by a truck.  Slowly my breathing returned, I was less scared this time, it was the second time I had been blown up that day, I was a little more used to it.
The blast had taken care of the window for me, so I fought to my feet and crawled out of it.  I couldn’t really think but I knew which way was home.  I half ran and half walked there, stumbling and falling but making it.  The bombs were falling in fewer numbers as I stumbled through the door to my building.  I had not even thought that it might have been hit.  Looking across the street I saw how lucky we were as where a small apartment had once stood was now just a smoking ruin. 
Getting up the stairs was a challenge as my feet had become harder to use as the adrenaline wore off and the damage from the blast set in.  I made it to the locked door of the apartment and tried my best to make some noise so my mom would know I was there.  I didn’t know if she was alive, or if she had gone to the subway or one of the few shelters, those thoughts didn’t even enter my mind.  I just knocked weakly on the door, unable to find the key that had been in my pocket.  The rice was still there though and the bag was miraculously intact.
The door opened and a cry from my mother is the last thing I remember before waking on the couch.  Everything felt and sounded far away.  The ringing in my ears was loud enough to be almost unbearable.  Everything hurt, from the pounding in my head down to the ache in my feet that felt like they were now broken.
Mother was there, rubbing my head, I didn’t know how long it had been, if the bombs were still falling or how I had made it here.  Everything was still lost in the fog of concussion.  When the fuzziness wore off, I looked at my mom.  Her face looked even more worried than when I had been beaten by Dave.  A distant rumble signaled that the bombs were still falling, it was still the same day.
“Did you get the rice?” I asked, without the rice this would have all been for nothing.
“Yes honey,” she said.  I could tell that she didn’t know how to feel.  There was anger at me for sneaking out and stealing, but that was pushed away by the concern at how horrible I looked after being hit with the shock wave of two Xeno bombs.  I was also covered in a lot of blood that belonged to the man who had grabbed me.  It felt good knowing that he wasn’t going to be hurting any more children thanks to me, it felt good knowing that I could fight back and win.  I felt that first small taste of power.
“What were you thinking?” I could tell that her anger had overridden her concern now that I was awake and trying to sit up.  I could see the blood on my arm and hand, I felt ill looking at all the blood from that pedophile.
“We needed food, so I got some,” I felt defiant.  I could defend myself, I could feed us, what could she do?  I felt like I knew it all, the world was about fighting and stealing and war and blood.  We had to live like that if we were going to make it.  No more getting taken advantage of, no more letting ourselves get pushed around.  Why didn’t she tear off Dave’s balls when he hit me.  Why did she let that man touch her after she had said no?  She was weak.  I was stronger than that.
“Well you had me worried, with the bombs, you could have been killed,” she almost screamed at me.
“Well someone had to do something or we wouldn’t have food,” I yelled back in my tiny voice.  I was crying, I didn’t want to cry I wasn’t weak like her, but seeing her upset was getting me upset too.
“I can get us food, it’s not your job. Do you know how scared you made me?” she was crying now too.
“I try, I try and I will provide for us, I don’t want you sneaking out and stealing food.  What if the bombs hadn’t come and you were caught?” She was talking to me like I was older, I couldn’t remember her ever treating me like an adult.  My defiance had made her view me differently.  Or she was too lost in her rage to care.
“I’m sorry mommy,” I was tired of being an adult, my head hurt, I felt like I was going to vomit and the blood was sticky and smelt bad.  I wanted to be taken care of.
“It’s okay, mommies sorry for getting upset.  We need to get you out of these clothes.” She took off my bloody shirt and ushered me into the shower.
The water came off pink with blood, and the heat made my dazed head swim.  I could still barely hear and when I spoke it felt like I was either yelling or whispering I couldn’t tell the difference.  She dried me off and carried me back to the couch.  I felt a lot better being clean and dressed in my pajamas.  The memories of the day were catching up with me and I wanted to sleep and escape those images.  I could still feel the tearing sensation of mutilating the slaver, could see the people torn apart by the bombs, the dazed and walking wounded look in their eyes.  It was too much, I felt scared, I wanted to escape to somewhere safe.
“What happened today honey, where did you go?” Mom asked, curious about the ordeal I had been through, wanting to know what I had seen, if maybe I needed more attention than just a warm shower.  Wanting to know why I was covered in blood, but not wanting to ask me.  I’m sure she knew about the bodies strewn across the streets.
I told her everything, hoping that it would make the images in my head less visible, hoping that maybe she could help.  Looking back, I now know that this was when she decided to sell me.  Hearing what I had done, what I had been forced to do to survive the attack and to survive the world that had gone to savagery.  This was when she realized that a safer and better life awaited me in the service.  She had been told that by entering the special group that had offered to take me was the better bet than putting me into the registered schools.  The special selection was designed for unregistered children and it didn’t require her to register which meant that she could be here waiting for me when the war was over.  They had lied to her, but those lies had convinced her that selling me was the best option.
I didn’t know it then, but I was going to have my wish come true.  I was going to be no more burden to her and I was going to make her life better.  It was not an easy choice for her, and maybe some of the tears that night were because of that, but I know it was the best choice.
There were no clients that night.  The bombing continued.  We could see the battle in space from our window and feel the distant vibrations of the explosions from the areas still under bombardment.  The Earth Defense ships were slowly burning the Xenoavian drone boats out of orbit.  The distant streaks of light signaled a destroyed ship burning in the atmosphere as it crashed to Earth.  There were heavy losses on our side as well, the only difference being that our ships were manned by the living not by drones like the Xeno’s.  
Slowly we managed to destroy all the attacking ships, Earth had to pull it’s outlying ships back to push the last of them off, but we managed to hold firm.  The attack was never meant to be an invasion though.  Its terror effect worked, as I drifted off I remembered hearing my mom speaking to someone on the phone, it sounded like they were talking about me.  A lot of us Children were signed up that night, by parents who wanted money to escape the death traps of the city, or who wanted to blow it all on an end of the world party, or by the few that thought it would be safer for us in the force.
I slept on the couch that night, no longer scared of getting hit, I thought of the bombs as lightning and I had already been struck twice that day, I was basically immune now.  We had my stolen rice for dinner, but I could hardly taste it.  My sinus cavities had filled with congestion due to the after effects of the blast.  It didn’t matter as I didn’t have much of an appetite.  The tinnitus in my ears threatened to keep me awake, but before I knew it I had drifted off to sleep to the sounds of distant thuds that signaled another explosion, another group of lives snuffed out.
In an odd way the blasts were comforting, they came at regular intervals, drones not being good at randomization, and proved a good distraction from the ringing in my ears.  I didn’t know that every blast meant more and more people dying.  That every blast was releasing a poison into the air, sterilizing humanity, making breeding slow and next to impossible.  Odd how the sounds of death provided me comfort, maybe I was cut out for the program more than I like to think.

Chapter 13
 Emile didn’t participate in the revolution either.  He was never one for free thinking, all he could do was follow direct orders that came down the line.  Anything Paul gave us after the war was not considered an order, he was technically not our leader outside of the combat zone.  Emile could only follow, an idea such as revolution was too advanced for him.
He had listened to the discussions on it, and I know he understood he wasn’t mentally challenged, just broken by the war and by his life before.  He just wasn’t interested in fighting.  Maybe he was sick of it like me, or maybe he had given up but on the day of the attempted revolution he was nowhere to be found.  
They didn’t hold it against him like they did me.  He was special, he was broken he had an excuse, they couldn’t understand how I didn’t want to kill any more.  They couldn’t excuse me that sin.  I was alone before they all died.
After the dust settled I went about trying to find him.  It was hard, he didn’t think logically like the rest of us.  I didn’t spend much time or effort trying to find him.  I didn’t even think about it really, I looked in and around the city and surrounding countryside but after that I gave up.  He was bad company any way and I was not in the mood to deal with him.  Having the last few people on Earth that I could speak with dead had hit me pretty hard.
Emile was an example of a broken model.  His mind never took to the modding.  It was a slow rejection.  I had heard rumors of the violent rejections of the mods, where children were torn apart by their own bodies, where they caught fire in a dazzling light hot enough to melt through the ground, ending as a pit of slag, where they went instantly mad and had to be put down.  The successful children had to be a mix of perfect body and mind.  A body that wouldn’t reject the physical mods and a mind that could handle the whole concept of the process as well as the mental mods they added.  They turned us into machines, and most minds couldn’t cope with that disconnect from humanity. 
Beside that there was the philosophic aspect that we were technically walking dead.  Our human parts kept alive by a machine symbiosis our hearts stopped since our blood was mostly nanite machines rushing around to where they were needed making it a self-circulating machine.  Our minds have hard backup built in, so memory is just recalling information much like a computer.  Our minds blending computer and biologic input were actually faster than the most powerful ship computers or AI’s humanity had ever invented and they were the minds of children.  We felt alive, we didn’t feel like robots, but we inhabited a grey area between man and machine.  If I thought of it for too long it started to drive me mad, maybe Emile had got caught up in something like that.
He slowly rejected being a Child of the Earth.  His mind couldn’t handle it.  From day one he was descending into madness, and then he was thrown into a war.  The conditioning had never taken hold with him.  He was left to dissolve mentally, as long as he kept fighting the commanders didn’t care.  He was combat effective up until then end of the war, but he was more machine than human at that point.  He blindly followed orders, like an attack drone, he didn’t communicate.  He would have been perfect but they needed us to retain some humanity, it gave us creative thinking and allowed for missions to be altered on the fly.  An army of robots was not what the program intended to make us.  
We beat an army of robots and massacred their masters and it was by having that innate human ability to think on the fly, to plan and be creative as situations changed that allowed that to be done.  Emile was the closest to a functioning reject that the program ever put into the field.  He was good enough and I think they were out of new subjects.
I need to find him though.  Emile always seemed to know something the rest of us didn’t.  He was always into hurting himself, trying to cut himself, he had been trying to kill himself from day one.  If any of us knew how to kill themselves it was him.  I’m not even sure if he is still alive, I can hope though.  I feel that I would have felt something had he died, that residual link is still there, I could feel when all the others died, I’m sure I would have felt Emile leave too.  I have to find him before he gets tired of waiting for me and decides to end it without sharing the secret.
Emile is the only one crazy enough to know how to die.  All his creativity must have been channeled toward suicide.  At least I hope that’s the case.  In any event it gives me something to do, a purpose.  If he hasn't figured out how to die yet than maybe we can share ideas, two heads are better than one.
I just don’t know where to start.  He was never really open about his life, his interests or his goals.  I had no idea where to start searching before and I don’t know now, but I will start.  Even if I have to wander the Earth in a grid pattern from north to south I will find him, I have nothing but time.
I actually feel hope for the first time in a long time, Emile is my hope.  I never thought that crazy bastard would offer me a salvation.  I am walking north, trying to think of something and I am feeling hopeful that I might be able to die.  For the first time since the beginning of the war I feel something close to happiness.  
  
Chapter 14
As we ran low on stims we returned to working.  I had been going to work for a while, having kicked the stims early on, but for the others I could tell it was a tough transition.  No one was forcing us to work, but without the stims there was a lot of boredom.  Some of us returned to work because of that, but I feel that a lot of them went back because Paul told them to in order to keep up appearances.  To dispel any suspicion.
The house became a much more hostile place, we went from a state of hippy like bliss to infighting and barely talking.  It was a relief for me, not having to relive the war over and over with the rest of them I actually embraced the silence.
I came home one day to a house that had been ransacked on the inside.  There were holes in the walls large enough to step through, it looked like there had been a war fought inside the house.  My first thought was of a government raid, they had found Paul out and come to take him and the rest of us out.  Then I saw Cara walk out from the kitchen area.
“What happened?” I asked her.
“Stephen and George got into a fight,” she said nonchalantly.
“Over what?” George was a shit head but we were all used to him and we never really fought amongst one another, it was pointless when we couldn’t feel pain and were all physically equal.
“Just George being himself, Stephen’s been on edge since he stopped taking the stims.  I also think he saw his parents recently.  He won’t say anything but it messed him up pretty good,” she said.
“Damn, is everything good now?” I said.  If they were going to be fighting all night I would go back to work, I didn’t want to deal with it.
“Yeah, Jeremiah calmed them down, besides the house being wrecked,” she said gesturing to the massive holes in the walls.  I didn’t know how the place was still standing, reinforced concrete or not.  
“Well I’m sure we can fix it up,” I said walking through a hole in the wall to the living room.  Cara wandered off, none of them wanted much to do with me because of my non-stance on their planned revolution.
The house was creaking and making alarming noises but it still stood.  It had been built to withstand us.  We had built in inhibitors to prevent rage amongst ourselves, it wouldn’t serve to have a squad of super soldiers end up hating each other and trying to kill one another.  They used similar methods they had used with Jeremiah to make us like one another.  Unlike with Jeremiah we were not likeable and over time I supposed even the most well-built emotional controls could fail.  There were nano controls in place that were more mechanical and not tied to our emotional states.  Like the safety on a gun these offered a last line and prevented us pulling the trigger on one another.
As far as I know it is impossible for a Child to kill another Child, even if we could overpower the other the machines inside us would read signals from the other and scale back the potential damage down to non-lethal levels.  It didn’t do much for our house though.  I didn’t care, I was not a fan of the new open concept look but that would just mean more time working.
I had started to find something therapeutic in work.  Now that I was stim free I found to my surprise that I still enjoyed it.  When I focused on the actual creation and lost myself in the work it was something I could enjoy and not get bored of.
I knew that my fellow Children were not of the same inclination.  They could care less for work, they missed the war and craved blood and death, they craved the hunt, craved the destruction.  Creation was beyond their capacity of enjoyment.  They were raised in death and that was all they knew.  I have to admit that the war was enjoyable, like a massive never ending game when I didn’t stop to think on it.  The problem was that they couldn’t escape that mindset, they needed the killing to go on.    
I knew that Paul wasn’t home because if he was he would have never let the fight happen.  He never tolerated fighting among the squad, he encouraged us to be better killers but he always indicated that the war was with the Squawkers, and now with the normies.  Fighting other Children was a waste of time because we couldn’t hurt one another but it also sowed the seeds of division among the squad and he couldn’t stand that.  We needed to be united in all things.  He really was a good leader.
I sat down on the floor, unsure of what to do. I felt restless all the time now that I didn't have the stims distracting me.  It was hard not to start taking them again, but the potential hazards were too many, everyone was losing it more and more and that was before the stims.  I still had a small stash though, I knew they would use them all up instead of just doing them recreationally.  I liked to be prepared in case I wanted to dose up on them again.  It was a temptation that I had to fight every day, I just needed to save them for a rainy day, and besides my normie co-workers were probably tired of having me show up to work naked.
I just now had no idea how to spend my time.  If I wasn’t working I sat around bored.  There was rubble scattered all over the floor, it was like a few grenades had gone off in here.  I started to clean because there was nothing else to do and I felt guilty going back to work, I felt like my whole life shouldn’t revolve around being the equivalent of a very expensive piece of heavy machinery. 
Maybe I would fix the walls, customize the house a little, make it more inviting and fun, less grey and prison like.  I was shoveling a pile of rubble out the door when I saw Paul storming up the street.  He looked enraged.  Paul only had 2 emotions, angry and enraged.  He looked like he was the latter as he came up to the door.
“What’s going on?” I took a chance asking.
“Never mind, meet in the living room in five,” he said storming past me, “the fuck happened to the house?” 
“George and …” I turned to tell him about the fight but he was no longer there.  I could hear him yelling at the others to meet in the living room.  I finished pushing the debris out the door and wandered into the living room with everyone else.
“Good, everyone’s here,” Paul said.  His voice was low, he was barely holding his rage in.
“What’s going on,” Xo asked.  George and Stephen looked shamefaced, thinking that they were about to get reamed out for breaking up the house.
“I’m not allowed to work anymore,” Paul said.  I was confused, this seemed like something he would be happy about.  He hated work, hated helping the normies, only did it to keep up appearances while he planned his revolution.
“So what?” Meghan asked
“Yeah I wish I didn’t have to work fuckin normies look at me like I’m a monster or something,” Sean followed.
“It’s not that simple, I almost killed one of them, Jeremiah saved his life,” Paul said.  My heart dropped.  I tensed waiting for the kill command to be broadcast at any second.
“What the fuck,” Xo said, “you tell us to keep a low profile and you do this?”
“Check yourself soldier,” Paul said.  The rage in his voice told us that he was fighting the urge to attack Xo and break his own rules about infighting.
“Why?” George asked, he was much more subdued than normal. I guessed it was to do with the fight, but could have been that he was slipping again.
“I show up at the pit,” Paul began.  He worked hauling biowaste and radioactive materials out of a concrete pit where they were hurriedly deposited in the war.  There was no time for proper disposal procedures in war time and a lot of hazmat pits were built and dumped into with the intention of burying them and keeping them fenced off for the next thousand years.  Humanity was not thinking it would win, and maybe part of it was a scorched Earth idea, leaving patches of uninhabitable land for the invaders should they take Earth.  Now that the war was over us Children made perfect hazmat workers.  We helped humanity clean up its mess.
“As soon as I’m there Ken starts bitching about how I should be there already, I wasn’t late, my schedule clearly says I start at 8.  So I tell him this and he just gets more pissed.  Telling me that I should be working twenty four seven, that ‘borgs’ don’t need sleep so I should be there getting work done and taking it off his men’s hands.  That his men have families and I’m not even human,” Paul was getting louder as recalling the memory made him angrier.    
Even I was getting upset.  Normies made us into this, and now they were calling us ‘borgs’ and telling us that we didn’t deserve the same rights as humans.  If I was upset I could only imagine what Paul felt.
“But I kept it in, kept it together and let him rant at me,” Paul continued, “he kept ranting telling me that we had taken the glory of the war away from normal humans that we were just tools but worse because we demanded to be treated like humans.  I just took it, no reason to jeopardize anything, but then he ordered me to stay there all night, to work like the machine I was.” 
I couldn’t understand where Paul’s foreman was coming from, where this rage had originated and why.  I also admired him, it took some balls to stand and berate seven feet of pure killing machine.
“That’s when I lost it,” Paul said. 
“I’m not going to stand there and have some normie tell me what to do.  A god doesn’t listen to an ant.  So I tossed him.  I wasn’t even angry, once I realized that he was nothing, just an annoying bug buzzing in my ear.  So like a bug I swatted him away.”
My jaw was tensed for the kill word, I was ready for it.  Paul had killed a normie, that was a death sentence.
“Did you kill him?” Sean asked.  I was becoming more and more distant from Sean as I realized that he was just like the rest.  He was no different.  I had thought he was like me, had some concern for life, but the excitement in his voice told me all I needed to know about how blood thirsty he had become.
“No, Jeremiah stopped me.  Fucked him up pretty good though, he will be lucky if he can form coherent sentences after that.  Just a little flick and he was flying through the air and splat. Into a wall.  It felt really good,” Paul stopped suddenly and grew sullen.  We all knew that Jeremiah was speaking to him now.
I knew what he was so upset when he came in.  It was not about being fired or berated by his foreman, it was that he was stopped from killing the guy.  I didn’t feel much sympathy for him, but we couldn’t go around killing normies, that was a surefire ticket to getting ourselves deactivated.
“Never mind guys, it was stupid, but on the upside I don’t have to work anymore,” Paul said after Jeremiah had finished speaking with him.
“Maybe I’ll toss my boss,” George said. I knew he was joking because George hadn’t come back to work since he threw me off the beams, but this comment got Jeremiah across all our frequencies.
“No one is going to start attack their boss, or any other human.  Might I remind you that I’m human too and your hate for them is getting unreasonable.  You are all humans, you’ve all been changed but deep down you are still all human,” Jeremiah said.  
Still being human was what scared me.  If we were really gods we would be able to show a little mercy, it was the human part of us that had me worried, it was the human part of us that had committed genocide.
“Now Paul is not working anymore and that’s because I had to promise the government that I would make sure no more incidents occurred.  They are nervous having you guys running around, they know what you are all capable of.  I am trying to show them that you are better than that, that you can be a force for good and the advancement of the human race.  It’s crap like this that makes it hard for me.  Show them that you’re good, prove them wrong.  They wanted Paul locked up, I told them I would keep him from working if they let him stay free.  If you all stop working they are going to be even more nervous.  They want to see value in you guys beyond killing.  Show them okay.”
We all mumbled in agreement, even though I was the only one that actually agreed.  The others were too set in their plan.  The hatred had solidified and the normie calling Paul all those names and telling him that he was no better than a machine had only made that hatred stronger.  The general sentiment was one of why?  Why should we try to look good for the normies when we are better than them?  
If Jeremiah had managed to stop Paul this time then he would be able to stop them all before they attacked?  I hoped, I didn’t know how closely we were monitored, I knew Jeremiah had other things going on that were beyond checking in on us.  He was becoming the leading campaigner for Children rights.  He was trying to keep the public aware of us and that we were humans at the core.  That we were heroes but that we also needed help, not to be locked away and forgotten.
I knew this because I had seen it on the television, seen him giving a speech.  He was going against the wishes of the military who technically were still in charge of us, but he wanted us freed from military control.  He wanted the public to acknowledge that we were more than military hardware that we being repurposed.  The others didn’t know this and they didn’t care, once something had begun with us there was no stopping it.  Most of my squad tended to get fixated on an idea, and the war was fun and they wanted another.   
I moped out of the room, torn between telling Jeremiah what they were planning and staying loyal to my squad.  From what Jeremiah had said, or not said, I knew he had no idea what was going on, how bad it had become among us.  How everyone was itching to get out there and kill.  The fact that he still had hope in us upset me because of how misplaced it was, because I saw how everything was going to backfire.
I knew that Paul was going to start figuring a better way around Jeremiah.  I knew how he was going to plan it and if I could figure it out so could he.  Jeremiah’s speaking schedule was no secret, his meetings with the standing UN government were televised, it would be easy to schedule planning around Jeremiah’s public schedule.  It would be easy to wait until he had a big speech to launch the attack, to allow for the time needed to reach the government before he stopped us.  To try and take the parliament and cut off the head of the government before he stopped them.  If they succeeded then there would be no reason to kill them, once the worst had been done Jeremiah would have no reason to kill us and he didn’t want to kill us.  He wouldn’t do it as punishment.
They were banking on his love for us and they were going to use his campaigning for us as the cover to commit what he was fighting to prove we had no intention of doing.  It felt like a betrayal either way, I had nowhere to turn, no one to turn to.  Either betray my squad, or betray my surrogate father.  I was lost. 
So I shut down, it was all I could think to do.  The war had broken me and I didn’t want to fight, I didn’t want conflict so I pretended to know nothing of it.  I would keep my mouth shut, I wasn’t going to help their rebellion or second war or whatever they were calling it, but I also wasn’t going to rat them out to Jeremiah.  I would abstain from the whole thing and let what happened happen.  That non-stance still haunts me.  I was a coward, but I was alone, it’s hard to be brave when one is alone and both options are losing bets.
Maybe I could have stopped it, maybe I could have saved them, but then they would have hated me.  I’d still be alone, and I feel that this was what they wanted.  They wanted to go down fighting, we had no place in this world.  We were built to kill and we could only inhabit violence.  Maybe we had been human once, but no more, we were the Children of the Earth, humanity distilled to its essence.

Chapter 15
My mom woke me up one morning not long after I had recovered from the bombing.  My body had recovered but the city hadn’t, it took days just to clean the bodies from the streets.  The collapsed buildings were another matter.  The bombing had only served to force the government to divert more manpower to the war and there were not a lot of resources available for the cleanup and rebuilding.  The city still burned, as men kept marching to battle.  There was discontent in the streets, open talk of surrender, people weighing the cost of the war and wondering what the Xenoavian’s terms of surrender might look like.
She was crying, I knew right away what was happening and my heart jumped.  It was early in the morning and the only reason she would be crying was if I was leaving.  She was trying to fight it, trying to be strong for me.  It only made me upset, I didn’t want to hurt her by going away.
“Don’t cry mommie,” I said.
“Baby, listen, mommie’s sorry, but you need to go away, somewhere safe,” she sobbed.
“I know, to the army guys right?” I said.
“Yes honey, they are here to take you to somewhere where you will always have food and not need to steal and be safe from the war,” She said.
“I know mommie,” I said. I wanted her to be safe too, but didn’t know how.  I was getting more and more upset.  I didn’t want to leave my mom, but I knew it was for the best, I knew she would never send me away if it wasn’t safe.  If it wasn’t for the best.
“Just try to be happy baby and stay safe and don’t worry about me,” she said. I could see the men in uniform waiting just inside the apartment.  They were politely looking away.  Now it all made sense me, why we had spent the whole day before trying to have as much fun as we could in the blasted city and why she had looked so sad all day.
“I will,” I couldn’t help it now, the tears started pouring out.  I wanted to be strong to be a big boy and not cry.  To show her that I wasn’t scared, that I was tough and capable.  I couldn’t though, it was too much for a child to deal with.  I couldn’t handle it.
We hugged and clung to each other until the army guys cleared their throats uncomfortably.  I wonder how hard it was for them to do this on a day to day basis, to buy children and watch this scene unfold.  I’m sure most of the parents weren’t as upset as my mother, that selling their child for a lifetime supply of drug money was an easy choice, but the cases like this had to be difficult for them.  I hope it was, I hope that others suffered at what they saw happening.  
They knew though, they knew what they were buying us for.  They knew about the program, about what was about to happen to me.  Maybe they repented later in life, maybe it caught up with them, the horrors they had been tools to.  Or maybe they told themselves that it was for the best, that we were a small sacrifice to save the human race.
I hold nothing against my mom, she thought it was for the best and the money would allow her to escape the city.  I had wanted to be sold, I knew that it would help her more than me stealing bags of rice ever could.  It didn’t mean that it was any easier.  My eight year old mind had not thought out all the implications of going away.  I had never been away from her for more than a day and now I was being taken away for life.
We trusted the army, the one thing that calmed me was the nice uniforms of the men I was leaving with.  We had been taught that the military was full of hero’s and here were two real life heroes’ to take me to join them.  I had managed to stop crying, remembering that I was a hero now and heroes didn’t cry.
“I packed all your things, some books too,” mom said as she walked with me to the guys at the door.  She handed me a small suitcase that held my few possessions.
“I love you mommie,” I said hugging her again.
“I love you too baby,” She said lifting me into her arms.  I was going to start crying again. 
“Be safe and go be a hero,” she said putting me down.
This was the second time in her life that she had seen someone she loved off to war.  First my dad was taken from her and now me.  Everything she loved got taken from her.
One of the man took me by the hand and led me out as the other grabbed my suitcase and thanked my mother saying that they would be in touch.  I had two United Earth Defense Force members leading me to war.  I wanted someone to see, someone to look and be proud, to see that I was more than a whore’s son.  It was too early though, no one else was awake.  
We exited the building into the stillness of early morning.  I wanted to look up to our window, see if my mom was there, wave one more goodbye, but I was worried that I would start crying again and UEDF members didn’t cry.  Hero’s didn’t cry.  But I was still a child, I was allowed to cry.  
The man ushered me into the waiting car, putting my suitcase in the trunk. I never saw it again, the last piece connecting me to home and the real world, taken from me along with everything else.
The propaganda for the program told everyone that this was a recruiting drive to help build better soldiers from day one.  I guess they were only lying by omission with that, they did build us.  They had tried building robotic soldiers and soldiers with exo-suits but none of that worked.  Artificial intelligence was a nasty business and had been banned since it was created, a machine wouldn’t accept being ruled by a human.  We would, we were molded into the perfect mix of killing machine, with a nice dash of creativity and a lot of obedience.  Being taken as children we were able to have this level of obedience built into us.  We were the perfect soldiers.
The ads had been placed in poor neighborhoods, in known refuges for unregistered people, but most of the recruiting was done one the door to door level. Parents, no matter how deep into addiction, debt and crime they were, were loath to sell their kids on their own.  But when someone came to the door and offered you a pile of cash for your child, when they could lie to themselves and say it wasn’t their idea, that they thought they didn’t have a choice, then they were a lot more willing to trade their kids for cash.  
The recruiters also looked friendly, could lie openly to the parents, looked official, they added something that recruiting ads couldn’t.  It was a lot harder to say no when the money was staring you in the face, it was a lot harder to turn down a direct offer. 
The car was large and luxurious, it was the nicest car I had ever been in.  It actually reassured me more than anything else.  It told me that this was the right thing, that this had to be important to have such an expense put into it.  It was also comfortable and smelled nice.  To my young mind this was more important than anything else.  If I had been picked up in an army truck that would have been a lot more jarring and traumatic.  The car told me I was special, it assured me that I was important and made what was happening seem right.
I don’t know, maybe there was something in the air vents, or in the way the men looked at me or the way I was talked to by them, like I was in charge of them, but I actually felt happy as we drove away.  They had the whole thing orchestrated to a science, to make it seem like everything was going to be fine, to put me at ease.
    The UEDF was and is the most conniving, effective, force in the galaxy.  They not only got parents to hand their children over to fight in a war but they made the parents feel like it was the right thing to do and they made the children feel like they were becoming hero’s.  We called the UEDF the ‘oof’ because it felt like getting punched in the gut when the truth came at us.  It also looked like it spelt ‘oof’ and to children that was more fun to say than an acronym.
I was staring through the gap in the front seats of the car, watching us move through the city, when I felt the sharp pain in my arm, I didn’t even have time to look over and see the needle before I was in a world of darkness.
I swam in that world.  I actually have a very strong memory of floating in that drugged state.  The flashes of my life up to that point.  I could almost see my father, a genetic memory, manufactured by my mother’s stories and my own imagination.  He was coming home, the war was won.  My mom and I were living in a nice house on a nice street.  I had friends and a nice life.  The sun was out and the birds flitted about, singing their springtime songs.  He stood on the sidewalk smiling and staring at me.  I ran to him and he lifted me in his arms.  Embraced me, hugging me tighter and tighter, too tight, I couldn’t breathe.
I awoke strapped to a metal table.  Men, or monsters, in white surrounded me and bustled about.  I could hear sounds that sounded like speech but couldn’t make out the words.  Then a Xeno was bearing down on me, just like in the commercials for the UEDF.  I closed my eyes, and tried to squirm away but my body wouldn’t respond.
I opened my eyes again and it wasn’t a Xeno, but a face, masked and behind a shield staring back at me.  The tubes running from the respirator they wore made them look alien.  I could see massive machines moving around the room, hear the electric whine of motors firing up, hydraulics hissing.
“Sir he’s awake,” a muffled voice from behind the pig snout looking respirator.
“That’s fine, we will be gassing him soon,” came a voice from beside me.  I tried to turn and look but my head wouldn’t move.  I wanted to scream, wanted to cry wanted to run away but nothing in my body worked.
I was special, a recruit for the UEDF, I was a hero.  I didn’t know why they were doing this to me.  Why they were treating me like this.  I felt hurt, betrayed, scared.  I wanted to be back with my mom, I wasn’t a grown up, I wasn’t ready for this.  I was still a boy, a boy who wanted his mommie.
Suddenly all the people were leaving the room, I heard a hiss as the doors sealed.  The air tasted funny.  An electric whine as I fought sleep and a huge robotic monstrosity reared up in front of me as everything went dark.

Chapter 16
I have lost Emile.  I thought I’d be able to find him.  I thought he would have left a noticeable trail, but he was never like the rest of us. I know he will be far from civilization, I know he will be off somewhere hard to find.  He wouldn’t want to be near people, near normies.  He never fit in with them in the before times, he came to the program more messed up than the average recruit.  We all had issues but Emile made us look normal.
He never really spoke of his life before, never mentioned his parents or where he had come from.  We all never really talked about our lives before but they did come up in conversation occasionally, with Emile there was nothing, no mention of a prior life.  It was like he had been plucked off the street somewhere, or grown in a vat.  Whenever the conversation tended to life before he would stop talking.  This was before he had become entirely withdrawn.
I have nothing to go on.  Not that my increasingly disjointed mind can think of.  I am convinced that my mind is going, slipping into a dark void.  They engineered our bodies to be everlasting but they obviously didn’t know how to make our minds live forever.  The stress of being augmented into a supercomputer is taking its toll on my neurons.  I fear that I may never die in the physical sense but maybe a descent into insanity would be tantamount to death.  As long as I’m no longer conscious of my existence I don’t care if I fall into the technical category of living.  I should call it functioning, because I don’t think I have been alive since the conversion.  Machines don’t live, even though I am made of flesh it is supported by nanites and technology integrated with a biologic system.
Either way, I need to find Emile, I need to die on my own terms.  Descending into madness might achieve the same thing, but that will be beyond my control.  I don’t want to risk hurting anyone, and I feel that becoming insane would lead to violent side effects.  Regressing to what I have been made to do, psycho-programed to do.
The world is now uninhabited.  Humanity has been reduced to small huddling pockets of life on a planet slowly reclaiming ground from them.  The birth programs failed, the cloning failed, the test tube creation factories failed.  The building I had created now sat abandoned.  They couldn’t determine the cause of the sterilization.  It was some kind of randomizing mutation, some damage that had been done on the genetic level.  
Humanity will recover though, I know that, the children born after the war, the ones that had reached puberty were all at the normal fertility level.  There were just not a lot of them, it will be a slow climb back to planetary dominance.  I had almost hoped that the Squawkers would get a revenge of sorts and their virus would end humanity.  It would have been fitting, but it would also justify what we did in an eye for an eye kind of way.  They did shoot first.
Problem with the new vast abandoned spaces was that there was a lot of ground to cover in my hunt for Emile.  Unless he stays put for the next fifty years I have no chance of finding him.  He could be constantly moving opposite to me.  I have to narrow the search somehow or this will be a futile endeavor, and with my mind slipping I feel that I don’t have a lot of time to waste.
There has to be something, a word said, an accent, the way he reacted to the news coming out of some country, something.  I will have to find a recall station.  I wanted to avoid this but there is no way around it that I can think of.  My memory is great, almost perfect recall of everything after my modification, but it’s not like jumping to a particular point, it’s not like watching a playback.  The memory is there but I just can't access it.
   Building our access to memory was the trickiest thing for our neuro engineers.  Initially they thought it was best to have it setup like a computer.  They had the memory modules in there and we would have access to everything.  That would allow for perfect recall and the ability to review past contact with the enemy in order to better learn how to kill them.  It would also allow for the ability to upload memory and this could aid with learning.  
This worked, for about a week, before there were huge issues with sanity.  The human neurons fighting with the digital modifications.  The disconnect between the two systems drove the early Children mad.  When they tried uploading information that was the death of that method.  Having memory added like that caused a total loss of reality for the early subjects.  They often ended up as catatonic schizophrenics.
That’s where the recall stations came in.  We could have perfect memory, everything could be recorded, it just couldn’t be accessible in our own minds.  It recorded in the background, we still had stellar memory but in order to access playback we had to upload the computer memory to something external.  It was a work around that allowed our memory to be much like that of a human with photographic memory, but also to achieve that level of perfection and disconnection that only a machine can achieve.   
If I can upload all the memories I have of Emile I’d be able to search through them for some clue as to where he comes from.  I feel that he would have gone to his home, or as close to it as he could manage.  He would at least be drawn to that area, he had to have at least one happy childhood memory that would draw him somewhere. 
On the outside Emile seemed erratic, but he was predictable when it came down to basics.  He liked what he knew and after the rebellion I think he would have returned to what he knew from before.  Maybe it would comfort his roiling mind to be back where he was once a human.
Problem is that now I have to find a recall station.  There is no active base that still offered support services to the Children.  When we first came back we could walk onto any military base and get whatever we wanted for our general maintenance and upkeep.  We never needed anything and none of us used the recall stations, there was no reason to go.  There were monthly check ins but we slowly stopped going to those after we realized that we didn’t have to.
The check ins were more of a way for them to monitor their little experiment that had been us.  They wanted to see if our systems were degrading, if things we breaking down.  It had to happen, there was no such thing as perpetual energy, but they could find nothing on the physical level.  Mentally we were all breaking down, but physically we were still perfect.  It was a way to monitor the experiment disguised as being for our own wellbeing.
As resources were shifted away from the UEDF and toward reconstruction the bases started to close, often being on the outskirts of now depleted cities they were left abandoned with no reason to bother repurposing them.  This meant that there were hundreds of massive military bases rusting and rotting away all over the Earth, skeletons left from the war.
The bases had been running a bare bones staff due to manpower shortages.  This meant that when they were shuttered things were left behind to degrade with the base, having no use in reconstruction and not wanting to waste the manpower on proper disposal.  This was how we had managed to get the stims, they were just sitting in an old warehouse with a pile of other military hardware.  I just need to find a base with an abandoned recall station.
This would narrow my search to the bases that had served us, and I can narrow that even further to the ones that are furthest from population centers.  Those would have been abandoned first and would be most likely to have been left to rot, not worth trucking old hardware any distance.
There might not even be any recall stations on Earth but these bases will be a good place to start.  I don’t even know for sure if they would have brought them down from our orbital bases.  I never used one and don’t know anyone that did.  They could have left them in the ships or on the orbital platforms, no reason to risk having us recall the war.  The data produced by the recall stations was useless to a normie, an illegible readout of sensory data that could only be interpreted through our uplink so there was no real reason to bring one down.  
It’s the best I’ve got going for me though.  I can’t think of anything else and it’s impossible for me to get back to orbit.  I’ll have to start close and work my way back to the launch station.  Where we were all taken and loaded into ships to be launched into orbit for the operation.  That one will be the riskiest to check, it’s officially classified and non-existent on government records.  I would guess that it’s guarded and under surveillance.  I know it’s out in the middle of the desert, far from any potentially prying eyes. 
All the Children support bases are probably being watched, but that’s a risk I’ll have to take.  I am officially a fugitive but I’m not bothering any normies by hunting about for a recall station.  If they see too much movement out of the ordinary though they might take it as a threat and try to pick me up and lock me up before I cause any trouble.  I will have to approach this carefully, have to be covert about it.
No reason to be drawing any attention to myself.  Funny how in my quest to die I’m actually feeling like I have a reason to live.

Chapter 17
Paul realized the Jeremiah was only a normie.  We all knew it obviously, but some block, some blind spot has stopped us from making the connection that he was not special, that he couldn't be everywhere at once.  We all knew that consciously but still had the idea that he could be everywhere at once in the back of our heads.  We all seemed to assume that he was watching us all the time.  I don’t know what caused it but Paul had the epiphany one day and that was when he was able to begin planning his revolt in earnest.
He now had a plan to circumvent Jeremiah, the last piece in his puzzle.  He still didn’t know about the interview circuit that Jeremiah was on but it was only a matter of time.  In the short term his diversions would be self-made, we could do something to distract Jeremiah while the others ran out and got much needed supplies, or made quick plans among themselves.  The distractions were to be used as short little bursts of freedom to start spreading the plans and getting prepped for war.
Paul approached me one day with the idea. I was the sanest next to him, my negative effects being limited to depression which I was fighting through work.  Not like the others who were slowly dissolving to a permanent psychotic state, loaded with paranoia and hallucinations.
“I need you for something,” he started cryptically.
“Sure, what?” I asked.  Paul rarely spoke to me.  My neutrality on his revolution upset him.  He never questioned my loyalty but he didn’t like how I wouldn’t commit. 
“I need you to create a distraction,” Paul said.  I could hear loud thudding and then George came crashing through the roof with Sean on top of him pounding him downward.  I started forward to intervene but Paul stopped me.
“They are creating a distraction right now,” he said.  He no longer made eye contact with us.  It made him look like he was always in his own world, never really with us.
“From what? for who?” I asked knowing the answer.  This request told me that he still didn’t know about the interview schedule for Jeremiah, which was reassuring.
“Jeremiah, I need you to create a distraction that lasts at least ten minutes and it has to be just you alone.  I know you can pull it off, not like these clowns who would distract Jeremiah by killing a bunch of normies,” Paul said.  
Sean had tossed George through the wall and into the street outside where I could hear the sonic crack as their fists connected with reinforced bodies.
“Why? What are you going to do?” I asked worried that he was planning on just starting the attack.
“No concern of yours, since you’re so against becoming a god among these ants.  But don’t worry it’s not to attack, not yet. I just need to get us all in one room to tell everyone the plan, let them know about the distractions and get us all on the same page.  All of us who are willing to become Gods that is,” he said glancing at me rapidly.
“Okay, when?” I asked.  I was still loyal to them and didn’t want to pick a side by saying no.  If I denied Paul’s request I might as well tell Jeremiah the plot because I would have been actively denying the revolution.  At least that’s how I justify the choice, I don’t like to think that I was also a little curious to see how the revolution played out.  That I was kind of wanted to see the normies get a taste of their own medicine.  If I had known, how such a small action could cost so many lives.  Maybe if I had said no, had chosen a side from that point on I would have been able to stop it all.
“Tomorrow, you leave for work before all of us so it will look natural, all of us hanging back here.  Do it as soon as you get in, don’t waste time,” Paul said.
“Sure thing, I’ll do my best.”
I walked away, the sounds of fighting had stopped.  Jeremiah had convinced them to calm down, not knowing that it was all for show, all to get him to look away so Paul could give me my orders for tomorrow.
I don’t know what drove me to it.  Maybe a lingering hate for the normies, as much as I deplored killing I also hated you all.  For what had been done to us, for how you treated us now that we were back, for how we were viewed as tools, for the fact that you were still human and I wasn’t.  That hate, festering and growing the more I thought of it.  The more I realized that it was because of you normies that I had killed and helped to wipe another species out.  We were doing what normies had built us for.  I hated you because I had no choice, because you forced me to kill.  Now that I had a choice I was choosing not to kill, but that didn’t mean I couldn’t help.
This was all sub-conscious, I try to justify my actions, in the end I chose to help Paul that little bit, it wasn’t for revenge or loyalty or anything so noble.  It was out of a morbid curiosity.  I wanted to know how this would play out, what would happen if we started to rebel.
I went in the next day a little early. Nothing to raise any suspicion but enough to allow the others time to finish their plan and arrive at work on time. I stood around for a bit, my foreman was not there yet and the other workers were just trickling in.  If he didn’t show up I would have to attack one of my co-workers, I didn’t want to go after one of them, they were nice people.  The foreman treated me well but he treated my co-workers like crap so I didn’t have many qualms against going after him.  
He had started to refer to me as the borg to the other workers as well.  He never called me a borg directly but I could hear him calling me that, he didn’t know how powerful my hearing was.  That was going to be my jump off point.  It seemed the most logical, I had nothing else to be upset about and I didn’t want this to look staged.  Being called a borg didn’t bother me, we called them normies, often to their faces.  By all technicalities I was a cyborg, a human augmented by technology, so if anything the term was more correct than a ‘Child’ or even being called human.  It was just the best reason I had to get upset.
He came in five minutes late.  I was starting to think about picking out a normie I disliked the most to go after.  I was worried that they would have started the meeting.  There was no signal of when I should start, they were going to start the meeting at half past the hour and if I hadn’t started my distraction then they were sure to be found out.
As soon as I saw him swagger through the door I went off on him.
“Hey Mike, what the fuck?” I yelled as I walked up to him.  His face registered shock and fear, his mouth moved uselessly to try and say something but he was too scared to formulate words.
“Where do you get off calling me a borg you fucking human piece of shit.  You think you’re better than me?  Think I’m just a machine?  Just something you can use?”  The rest of the crew had stopped working and were all looking toward the scene I was making.  I had their attention I just hoped I had Jeremiah’s.
“You fucking humans, you normies, thinking that everything is for you, thinking that this world belongs to you, well guess what?  I killed planets, I could take this world I could own it, I’m a god,” I got close to him, bent so that my face was right in his.  I was letting out a lot, I was worried I would run out of things to say, but the flood gates had been opened.
“I go off and save your asses in a war you couldn’t win, me and my friends kill an enemy that had you guys on the verge of surrender and come home to this,” I gestured to the building, “a life as slave labor rebuilding a planet that doesn’t even want me.”
“To top it all off I then have pieces of shit like you thinking that they can call me a borg, like that’s all I am.  Like I’m just a machine here for you to use.  Well fuck you, I think I’m going to be in charge now,” I move toward him.  He flinched away and looked like he was ready to run.  They all had the look of startled rabbits ready to dart off at the slightest movement.
I could hear Jeremiah’s voice distantly in my mind.  My rage was making him easier to ignore, but he was coming through, asking me to stop, to calm down.
“Fuck you, fuck all of you.  You fucking normies ruined everything.  You’re like a cancer on the galaxy.  Killers and leeches, that’s all you are,” my voice was weakening.  The unexpected rage that had poured out now rapidly ebbing away.  Jeremiah’s voice was coming through.
The rage was now getting replaced by guilt.  I stood up and noticed them all looking at me like I was about to tear them apart.  I felt ill for the first time in years.  Ill at the fact that I actually felt a pang of joy at seeing their terrified faces, at the knowledge that I could tear them all apart.
“Calm down, it’s okay,” Jeremiah’s voice.
“Right, sorry, I lost it a little,” I thought back.  I had lost it a little, aired problems that I didn’t even know I had.  I was sorry for what I had done, for the fear I saw.
“Sorry,” I mumbled at them.  Then I walked home, feeling a mix of shame and crushing depression.  My work was the one thing that brought me joy and I had just ruined it.  They would never let me back after that, after they had all been so scared for their lives.  They wouldn’t want the risk of me hurting one of them.
If I had wanted to or not I had just picked a side.  I now had no place in the normie world, I was of no more use them.  I was a threat and normies didn’t deal with threats in a peaceful manner.  Maybe it had been Paul’s plan all along, the make it so I couldn’t work any longer.  I hadn’t thought of the repercussions, I hadn’t thought of what would happen if I caused a scene.  I had forgot, for just long enough, that we were not treated as humans, we couldn’t cause a scene and go back to work after a few apologies.  We walked a thin line between being allowed to exist and elimination.  I was supremely conscious of Jeremiah in my head, of the phrase he knew that could end me.  We thought we were gods but we were deluded, we were just another set of slaves in the long history of humanity.

Chapter 18
The modification process is mostly a blur.  Just a red haze of pain with horrific images interspersed.  Everything I know about it comes from the files I recovered from Jeremiah’s apartment.  By reading those files I was able to piece together my memories, make sense of memories so horrific I thought they were false, I also learned a lot about how we function.
After they strapped me to the bed and the gas kicked in it’s all a blur.  I didn’t notice it at the time but apparently I was in zero G for the whole process, being drugged, strapped to a bed and in a state of pure terror made the lack of gravity hardly noticeable.  The operation could not be performed on Earth, without gravity body parts could float in a perfectly sterile state, it also meant that there was no pressure on delicate membranes and materials as they healed and integrated. 
After being drugged they went straight to work and the whole process was done non-stop, I don’t remember anything until the last part, where our nano-systems were working and the sedatives were removed too fast by the scrubbers to keep us under.  That last phase was the worst, floating in a room, feeling my body tear and fight and repair itself as everything was integrated.
The first step in the process was getting the regenerative abilities working so that we wouldn’t die during the operation.  This was done through a combination of genetic tweaking and nanbots.  The recovery genes were optimized and the nanobots were programmed to learn from our bodies.  What our cells repaired the bots learned and would repair.  Our bodies taught the machines how to function.
While that process took place the enhanced genetic healing was sufficient to allow for the next part, where our heads were separated at the base of the skull.  First all flows of blood and oxygen were cut off, than the head was detached and connected to a life support system that kept the brain alive.  
This is one of the memories I swear I have.  Seeing my own body, watching the next part happen.  Our bodies were flayed open and all the bones and organs removed.  At which point the skin was stretched and the muscle stimulated to grow.  Had we been conscious we would have seen our bodies mangled and changed at the whim of  preprogrammed robotic arms.  I wouldn’t have seen much though, as my eyes were removed and replaced with the ones I have now.  With zoom, infrared signature reading, and a lovely mix of other useful combat features.
Our brains were scrubbed of all dead neurons and new ones were forged.  The neural enhancements were added as well as the interface with the nanobots to make sure that once reconnected our mind would know how to use all the new helpful little machines running around inside us.  Organs were replaced with necessary mechanical support systems, bones with carbon nanotube structural implants, our blood melded and formed a symbiotic bond with the nanites, each healing the other as they moved around the body repairing damage. 
The biosynthesis allowed for the protection from electromagnetic pulses, as any electronics damaged would be fixed by our genetically reprogrammed cells.  It was part of the reason that we were used in the first place instead of machines, we were immune to things bots couldn’t handle.
After it was all done and we were grafted back together next came the healing process.  Ninety percent of Children didn’t survive the modding process and this was where they lost the majority of them.  The never found out why but some bodies would completely reject the whole process and all the biologic systems would shut down before the nanites had learned how to repair everything.  They jokingly referred to it as a soul suicide, the human soul just killing itself in rebellion to what it had been turned into.  They never found out why the modding only worked on some of us, they had no way of knowing which children would take the process and which wouldn’t.  
We were given the brain power and knowledge of PHD students in warfare and tactics.  We were immune to everything, we were stronger than a pneumatic exosuit.  We could fight and survive in anything.
The machines drew their power from the human ability to convert glucose to energy.  The energy requirements of the machines were minimal, so minimal that it would take a century to just reach the point where the drop in glucose level would be measurable.  They were unsure how long it would take to run out as it depended on a lot of factors, basically boiling down to the level of usage, one of us sitting perfectly still for eternity could live to see the end of the sun.
We were now the best killing machines in existence, and we looked the part too.  The modding process left horrific scar tissue that due to the order that the regeneration took place never healed back to normal.  It was only aesthetic so there was no reason to try and get rid of it.  If anything the scars made us look even more monstrous, which was a bonus on the battlefield.  Squeaker children would have nightmares about us.  We were turned into the boogey man.
Our ambient body temperature was much hotter than a normie, almost too hot to touch.  The speed at which our metabolisms worked led to the creation of excess body heat.  Our enlarged veins pumped harder, under a higher pressure moving the nanites and enhanced blood rapidly around the body so that repairs could be consistent.  We were always throbbing at the surface, like we were ready to explode.  Our skin looked stretched and pinched, mostly due to the process of it being grown and pulled over our enlarged bodies.  Our heads were made larger by the replacing of the skull with carbon nanite plating, impenetrable if anything ever managed to pierce our healing ability.
The process was ghoulish, it was monstrous and it could only be done on children.  Adults died before their genes could be recoded, their bodies rejected the process from the beginning, before the first cuts could even be made.  Children, with our malleable minds and bodies still growing, still possessing stem cells, were able to take to the process.  We were the perfect blend of man and machine, the culmination of centuries of military engineering.  We were the pinnacle of human mechanical and genetic engineering.  A perfect blend of man and machine, built for one purpose.
I can remember as the medicine wore off, as my systems began processing it faster and faster stopping any effects.  That was the definition of hell.  That is why we weren't scared of death, because nothing could have been worse than going through that.  I was put under as a human and I awoke as a monster.  In a body that wasn’t mine, with a mind reeling with new knowledge, new abilities, eyes that couldn’t focus, muscles that wouldn’t works.  Voices in my head that weren’t my own.  Trying to breathe, feeling a need for oxygen but not being able to inhale, yet still remaining conscious.
The pain was then piled on top of all that.  A maddening full body pain without even the possibility of escape into unconsciousness.  After the operations were done we were complete.  This process of living in hell was known as the calibration period.  This was where most of the children died.  It was where many lost their minds, where we all wanted to cry out for help but could not scream.  It was where I had my first clear memories in my new body.
We were all laid out in a long room, floating loosely against ties holding us to beds in zero gravity.  Across the room I saw a monster staring back at me.  A hideous bulging thing, and then something clicked in my mind, an implanted memory, the programmed affection.  I realized that this monster was a comrade of mine, a great friend.  I had never seen him before but I loved him.  The oxytocin triggers of affection were being activated in my mind at the sight of another child.  It was necessary to forge the bonds among us. 
This other child was thrashing about, he had managed to figure out how to move his arms.  He reached his hand down to his naked penis, staring at his hand the whole time, it was taking an unbelievable amount of focus on his part.  He grabbed his genitals and with unbelievable force tore them clean from his body.  He had castrated himself, there was no blood, I saw skin being stitched and growing back to cover the hole he had created.  Leaving a smooth doll like appearance.  I lost sight of him after that as his bed, on an automated rail, left the room with him rolling and thrashing on it.  That was my first memory of Emile.  I never found out why he did it, but he never regrew that part.  It was taken off too early in the calibration process.
Maybe it was because he wanted to make sure that he would never breed, an evolutionary response to the trauma, maybe it was because of the abuse he had undergone in his life before.  I thought it was all a nightmare until I saw him naked during training and he still had that doll like lack of genitals.  We had no need for them anyway, being sterile and lacking a urinary tract.
Emile never mentioned what he had done, no one even asked. They all assumed he came into the program like that. I was the only one that saw him do it, saw him mutilate himself.  He was the last of us to change, after that we all floated in a state slowly returning consciousness.  Machines inside us calibrating and acquiring our DNA, processing us, getting us ready for our new lives.  
The pain of feeling your body stitched together from the inside is indescribable.  We all moaned and writhed as nanites bustled around inside us, repairing the damage the operation had done.  I don’t know how long it took, the calibration process.  I just remember pain, I don’t even know when Emile showed up again across from me.  As our minds calibrated to our new bodies we slowly gained the ability to move, to moan and eventually scream.  That didn’t last long, once we were able to function again the pain also subsided.
It didn’t taper off, just one day stopped.  We went from screaming in agony, unable to lose consciousness, writhing in bodies that weren’t ours to feeling normal.  The pain stopped, we felt home in our new bodies, and the restraints that were holding us opened.  I knew everything about my newly enhanced body, I was aware of my size, strength and how to use all my new enhancements.  The integration was seamless and complete.  We didn’t have to learn to walk again, and we weren’t constantly bashing into stuff being unused to our new size, it was like I had always existed in this body.
Slowly and almost simultaneously we all left our beds.  All ten of us, looking at one another and not even knowing each other but feeling a bond like we were reuniting with long lost friends.  We were all too amazed to speak, too in awe of our new bodies, thankful that the pain was gone.  We just floated there marveling at one another.
The door at the end of the hall slid open and Jeremiah floated in, upright and facing us.  I felt affection for him that until that point I had only felt for my mother.  Seeing him felt like coming home.
“So, you all ready for training?” he said with a smile.

Chapter 19
All the major bases for us Children are still floating in space, unused as far as I know.  They served as training spaces and a launch pad for the war.  Then there was the manufacturing center, where we were built and spent our first few weeks making sure that everything was functioning correctly before they placed us in the basic training station.
Keeping us in space was seen as the safest bet, there were a few training worlds as well so that we could get some time training at the proper gravity, but nothing on Earth except the places hastily tacked onto the existing military bases for our return.  It was too risky to have us on Earth, they were not sure how inbuilt our killing drive would be and they didn’t want to risk unleashing us on the population.
We could have easily smashed out of the orbital stations and survived the crash down to Earth, but space was seen as the lesser of two evils.  At least we would be scattered apart during re-entry and dealing with one of us was a lot easier than dealing with a whole squad, and would also give our handlers time to deactivate us.
That means that I don’t have access to much in the way of Children tech down here.  I know that there are no recall stations in the bases close to me.  I checked those out thoroughly.  I am starting to think that there are none on Earth.  There is really only one place left to check, unless I want to waste years walking to every abandoned base on the planet with the hope that I’ll find a recall station.  Besides the risk I’ll be taking each time it would be a waste of time.  I’m on a schedule now, if I’m going to find Emile I have to do it before he kills himself without sharing the secret.  I have to go for the launch base.
No more wasting time.  No more avoiding it.  I am the definition of a super soldier, if I can’t sneak past some security and surveillance than what was all that training for?  Admittedly there wasn’t a lot of stealth training but I can improvise.
The walk will take me a few days but at least I’ll be going to the most likely place right at the beginning.  No use putting it off while I mess around in rusted out shacks. 
The walk takes me through some small towns on the outskirts of the desert, but I manage to avoid drawing too much attention to myself.  I look like a massive normie in a trench coat, maybe a soldier that survived the war and drifts around.  There are a lot of those still, a lot of returning normie soldiers were damaged by the conflict and what they had seen on the ground.  How they had been slaughtered.  They were war survivors, not victors, and they drifted around the world unable and unwilling to kill themselves but too damaged to start normal life again.  Those are normies I can almost relate to.
The edge of the desert is inviting.  No humanity left here, no reason to try to scratch out a living in the desert when there was plenty of livable space available in much more inhabitable climates.  The sand was nice, but the lack of cover would make my approach that much harder to hide.  They probably had this place under satellite surveillance.  I can’t really see any visible surveillance here on the ground, but I’m still pretty far out.  My only option is to truck it out and let whatever happens happen.
I wait until the cover of darkness to make my final approach, it’s not much but better than walking up in broad daylight.  I try to hide it but there’s not much I can do.  It’s not like there are active patrols.  The base is small compared to others, most of it is underground.  The part on the surface almost buried in the sand.  The launch pad now just another dune.  The massive hangar door still locked tight but visible, not yet totally buried.  It looked like they were going to let nature hide this base for them.
The rusted perimeter fence offers no resistance as I push it over.  I am listening for even the slightest sound.  They wouldn’t waste having people out here guarding this base on the off chance that one of us came along, but there could be drones.  If this place was being watched than my presence was already known, there was really no way to sneak up to this place short of tunneling in.  If they were going to try to apprehend me they would be moving in now.  I will have to eschew stealth for speed.  
Once I’m at the door I’m faced with another problem, getting in.  Even I’m not strong enough to move hundreds of tons of carbon nanofiber reinforced door.  They built this place with the idea of getting into it being impossible.  They couldn’t risk having the research that went on here discovered.  We were built in space but we were designed down here.  During the war the risk was the Xeno’s getting access to this base and learning about the program, now the risk was one of us getting in and learning of out creation.  Or a member of the general public, if they were curious enough to find out the truth. 
Over time they must have decided that the risk was not really there anymore and let the place fall into this unguarded state.  I hope that there is functioning recall station inside, I’m going to have to make a lot of noise to break into this place and it better be worth the risk.  It would be even better if I could find a way to kill myself in the research files buried in there, save myself the trouble of hunting down Emile.
The door is as immobile as I anticipated.  My only hope is to find a crack, a seam I can slip a finger into and work my way to tearing chunks out of the concrete supporting the hinges of the massive door.  It would have been too expensive to build the whole base from carbon metal, there was concrete under this sand and one of the door hinges was attached to that concrete.
I dig and dig, the sand fighting me the whole time, filling the hole as I dig it.  But I get there eventually.  After fifty years any concrete is degraded, at least enough for me to shove a hand in there.
I can feel the strain on my systems as I pull on the hinge.  I can feel muscle ripping and repairing, bones cracking and being rebuilt, every system straining with the force I’m exerting on this damn piece of concrete and metal.  The sound of it tearing free is loud enough to probably be heard in the last city I was in, hundreds of miles to the north, but it comes free.
The door stays standing.  The sun is rising now, I spent the whole night digging at this door.  Now there is a hole big enough for me to get my head in.  I start punching at the hole, each blow blasting away chunks of concrete and metal.  The impacts creating sonic booms.  Any illusion of stealth is gone.  Even if they weren’t watching this place they would know I was here with the amount of noise I’m making.
It is high noon before I’ve made the hole large enough to fit in.  I slip through and into the darkness of the abandoned base.  I’m in the empty hanger.  They left the last ship to set off from here in orbit, no need to bring it back.  The base is massive, an underground city with water supplied from an aquifer, power from a now deactivated nuclear generator.  People may have lived their whole lives down here, research subjects and scientists alike.  The Children of the Earth project predated the war.  The war just gave them a new drive to complete the project as well as a much larger pool of test subjects. 
I don’t know why the project was started, most likely as a way to create a super soldier for more aggressive colonization, or to keep the colonies in check when the rumblings of rebellion got too loud.  All I know was that the project was finished with us, and after they saw what they had made the desire to keep the project alive had disappeared.  There was no longer a need for super soldiers, no longer could they chance building things that would be able to overthrow them.
I wander the base, I have no idea where to start looking.  There are no signs and no indication on direction.  I don’t know what halls lead to the housing and what halls lead to the water treatment facilities.  The labs take up the majority of the base so they should be easiest to find.  I figure going deeper will yield the best results.  Anything of importance would be furthest from the entrance, allow for the base to lock down, delay any potential invader.
The place looks gutted, there is nothing left.  My hope of finding some research that would spell out a weakness is gone.  They left nothing here, nothing that could implicate them if this place was ever found.  I only hope they destroyed it all, to keep the future from making the same mistakes.  Maybe they learned that much, learned enough to make sure that the program was never started up again.
I keep winding my way down the base, checking each floor, looking for one that hasn't been gutted.  If I don’t find anything on the way down I’ll examine each floor more thoroughly on the way back up.  I am becoming more and more aware of time though.  Something that had no meaning to me before.  Now I feel like I’m racing against the clock, trying to find Emile before he dies and leaves me here alone.  I don’t even know why I’ve convinced myself so completely that he knows how to do it, maybe I am insane.  I’ve become obsessed.
I’ve been down here for days now.  Checking each floor, wandering them all.  There is no symmetry to this place. Each floor is different, and that only makes this more difficult, I have to actually examine each floor, I can’t just check for what’s out of place or different compared to the one above.
Unlike the other bases this one was clearly not abandoned in a hurry.  It was dismantled, nothing was left behind except furniture.  It was systematically unbuilt, and as I dig deeper into it I’m getting more and more discouraged, more and more convinced that this has been a colossal waste of time.  The place is massive and I’m looking for a terminal the size of a brick.  Even with all my enhancements it will probably take years to find.
What else do I have though?  What other options are there for me?  I have no chance of finding Emile without this recall station, I have no idea how to kill myself and I don’t want to wait for the sun to burn out to die.  I can only keep searching on the hope that maybe I find a recall station or some forgotten research that will give me a clue on how to die.  I know there is a way, some way to hack the kill switch, engage it without the code word from Jeremiah, there has to be.  It all boils down to technology and all technology is hackable.  I just need to know how.
If there was a way to kill us though the governments wouldn’t be so scared of us, so I’ll probably find nothing.  I have to keep searching despite it all, it’s something to do at least.  Wandering this base is pretty interesting, abandoned places have always held a certain appeal to me.
I keep walking, keep making my way downward.  There has to be a floor to this place, a bottom to hit so I can start making my way back up, spend weeks searching each floor with a fine tooth comb.  I can almost imagine that it’s getting warmer the deeper I go.  Like they somehow managed to get close to the core.  The power no longer available to keep the place cool.  I don’t know how deep I’ve gone, maybe I am getting close to the core.  It is warmer than it should be, but maybe that’s because I’m getting close to hell.  Where humanity sold its soul for genocide.
It’s been a week and a half now.  Still nothing.  I keep walking, keeping hoping.  Hope is all there is for me.  I have to be close to the bottom now.  It is getting warmer, a normie would be dead by now, the air temperature is high enough to be lethal.  The cooling systems long inactive.  The fact that the lower levels were this deep is just another measure of security against discovery.  In the event of a breach all the most sensitive data stored in the lowest levels would be destroyed by the heat and be made unreachable, just had to shut the AC off.  
It’s hot enough now for water to steam, my clothes are starting to smoke, like if I was on stims.  I have to be getting close to something of value, something worth going this deep and risking this much to keep hidden and safe. 
I think I have made it to the bottom, I can’t find another set of stairs.  I will search this floor and see if there is anything of value then start making my slow, thorough search back to the top.  I doubt that if there’s nothing down here there will be something on the higher floors.  Maybe they did destroy all the recall stations, too much risk in allowing us to have access to them.
It’s at the far end of the floor, as far from all entry points as possible that I find the door.  Reinforced steel, not carbon metal.  This means it’s older, one of the early sections of the base before carbon metal was cheap enough to make massive doors out of.  A few quick hits and I have it open.  The room is large but filled with stuff.  It looks like I’ve hit the jackpot.
I notice it before it sees me.  In the corner, chained down to a table with carbon nanite steel chains, locked in a room made of smooth diamond glass, too hard to smash open and too smooth to get a purchase on to tear at.  Its eyes dart to me, I see them rolling in its head, clearly insane, I am looking at my predecessor.  One of the first, Children of the Earth.

Chapter 20
Paul told me his plan.  I never expected him to.  I just assumed that I was going to be running diversion for him without ever knowing exactly what he was up too.  I figured that because I wasn’t in on his rebellion I was going to be totally left out.  That’s why it shocked me when he pulled me aside one day.
“So do you want to know what you’ve helped set in motion?” he asked.  I had been moping around the house, feeling more and more depressed now that I wasn’t allowed to work.
“Sure,” I said, uninterested,
“Alright, give it a minute,” he said.
He stood waiting for something.  I don’t know what.  He just looked focused and then spoke again.
“We are taking this planet, making it ours.”
“I know that,” I said and started walking away.
“Yes but here’s how.  We are going to drug Jeremiah, give ourselves a few hours to take the capital and then when he comes to it will be too late.  We will be in charge, the most effective military coup in humanities history,” he said.
There was no real need for tactical planning beyond safely eliminating Jeremiah.  We couldn’t kill him.  The thought never even crossed our minds.  It would be impossible, our systems would shut down, the love for him engrained so deep that we couldn’t override it.
Even the thought of drugging him made me feel ill, something like that went against us enough to be deplorable.  It was an act of violence against a handler.  I couldn’t believe Paul had suggested it.
“No,” was all I could manage.
“I know, but it’s the best I can come up with.  We need to get him out of the way or he’ll stop it, he will deactivate us before we an end it,” Paul said.
“Why don’t you just not do it then?  We can’t do that to Jeremiah,” I said.
“We can’t.  We can’t let them keep this planet, living forever to be their slaves when we are clearly superior to them in every way,” he said.
“There are other ways, we could leave, demand a planet of our own, live in peace,” I suggested.
“To be leaders of what? Some rock in space that even the normies don’t want? No.  I want power, I want to show them that they don’t get to enslave me.”
“What about Jeremiah? Do you really think he is going to appreciate being drugged? What about when he wakes up?  Do you really think he will let you consolidate your power just because you kill a few leaders?  He’s a normie Paul, and he’s the only normie that can kill us,” I said.  The thought of attacking Jeremiah, betraying him like this was already tearing me apart.
“Yes but he has one weakness.  He loves us more than we love him.  He won’t kill us when he had no one holding him to it.  When his leaders are dead he will side with us,” Paul said.
“This isn't fair to him, he is trying to help us,” I said stopping short of mentioning the campaign he was going on.  I didn’t want Paul to know he had a better option than drugging him.  I was sure that none of us would be able to do it and this would prevent his plan before it could be set in motion.
“I know about that. Did you think you were the only one that watched him?  I know all about that, and it will change nothing, he can’t change their minds with smart words and smooth talking.  He’s wrong about us, we will never be able to live in peace, we need to be in power,” Paul said.
“Well why drug him than?” I asked.  Right now that was the one part of the plan that was most appalling to me.  
“Do you really think I would risk him checking in on us and seeing what we were doing.  Do you think that we will be able to move fast enough to kill the leader before he was informed of what we were doing?  They watch us all the time, one wrong move and he gets a call, the only way to make sure that he can’t stop us is to drug him,” Paul said.
“I can’t Paul,” I said.
“You will, it’s already beginning.  I have people getting everything we need.  Humanity has created the tool of its own destruction, and it is us.”
“Just let them be, all we have done is kill,” I said.  I knew there was no way to change his mind, but I had to argue.  Had to try.
“Then we deserve this world.  Humans have been perfecting death since they crawled out of the trees and we are the pinnacle of that, we are the ultimate weapon, the one thing they can’t stop, the one tool they will lose control of,” he said. 
“Did they ever really live,” he continued as he walked away, “can you kill that which was never truly alive?”
I stood there, more alone than ever.  Paralyzed with choice.  I alone had the power to stop this.  I was the only one not involved in the operation, the only one against it.  I could tell Jeremiah and put an end to it, but I also knew that in a way Paul was right.  I agreed with him, I wanted to see humanity pay, I wanted to be in power again.  I was torn between two choices, two outcomes. 
They would drug Jeremiah, commandeer a transport and fly into the capital.  Drop in and start ripping their way to the presidential meeting.  The guards would be nothing, the mechs a minor hindrance.  The protection around these meetings was light now that the war was long done.  No need to have them heavily guarded. 
Getting into the war bunker where the meetings were still held would take longer but I assumed Paul had some explosives lined up, if not all of them smashing against the same point would cause even the strongest material to break down.  They needed three hours tops and then humanity would be under the control of us.  The other handlers might kill their Children but I doubted it.  With the leadership beheaded there would be no one holding them to it.  They loved their squads as much as Jeremiah loved us.  We would be in control in a matter of hours.  The other squads would fall into their new leadership roles across the globe.  Any resistance or attempt to take back power would be crushed.
We were the key to the end.  Paul said that he just wanted revenge, just wanted to enslave them like they enslaved us.  I knew what would happen, it would be like the Squakers all over again.  A simple occupation would evolve into mass killing.  Humanity was on the road to extinction, unless I stopped it.
I made my choice though.  The choice that has stuck with me ever since.  I chose to let humanity die.  I chose to tell Jeremiah nothing.  It was that day that I knew that the war had changed me, I was just as much a killer as they were.

Chapter 21

The overwhelming love we felt for Jeremiah is hard to describe. It was also one of the oddest parts of the modding process.  To see someone for the first time and love them like a father was jarring.  It felt almost like a kick to the gut, but in a good way.  I know that makes no sense, but neither does feeling instant love for a total stranger.  I felt like I had known him my whole life that no one had ever mattered as much as him, but I knew that was wrong.  There was a cognitive disconnect, one part of my brain telling the other part something, both equally convinced that the other was right.
There must have been some kind of override because eventually it all calmed down and I knew what was going on.  I knew who Jeremiah was, the uploaded information kicking in.  I knew what his job was and how he cared for us.  This helped with the shock of hearing another person’s thoughts in your own head.  He was testing the communications link with all of us.  He wore a headset that transmitted his voice to whoever's frequency he chose.  He had reached me as he cycled down the list of us.
“Hi, don’t be scared, I’m here,” came his voice in calming tones, putting me at ease with the fear I felt at hearing it.
“If you can hear me think back something,” he said.  I thought the word yes, much like I would do when I held internal conversations with myself.
“Good, good, don’t worry, everything will make much more sense soon,” came his voice, than nothing as he moved off to the next down the line, testing that everything was functioning for the rest of us.
This was one of the most confusing parts of the whole process.  Getting used to Jeremiah as the new voice in my head, my new conscience.
We all stood there, confused, our brains feeling like they had emerged from a run through a blender.  Like we had been plucked from reality and dropped into hell and were emerging into daylight after being lost down there.   None of us knew how to respond.  Less than 2 weeks prior we were all children trying to survive a war and parents who couldn’t really care for us, and now we were taller and larger than the adult in the room.  The knowledge they implanted in our brains was the most confusing, it was like I had always been this smart.  Military history to advanced physics, I knew it all.  It was frightening and amazing.  I felt mature, but still felt like a child.  The process pushed us into a state of permanent puberty with the hormone changes.  We felt like grown men.  
With no direction, being totally dazed and lost from the modding, we just floated there waiting direction from the one person in the room who we all knew we had to listen to.  The one person who we would default to whenever we were unsure.  
“I will be your drill instructor,” Jeremiah said.  I had time to think that I wouldn’t like him as a drill instructor, I wouldn’t want him angry at me all the time, I wanted to impress him.
“It won’t be like the training you have seen in the propaganda flicks, I will be kind, I will be understanding and I will be fair.  I also want you all to learn from your training, listen to your trainers.  It is the only way to make you all effective on the field.  Right now you’re the best weapon we have, we have to train your minds on how to use this new weapon that you have all become,” he said.  I felt a surge of pride knowing that I was one of the best weapons that Earth had to offer.
“From now on I will be your point of contact, your parent. If you have a problem come to me before anyone else.  Just think at me and I will hear you.  We can communicate through thought and I am the only one allowed to hear.  I will do anything I can to make you all happy, that’s what I’m here for,” he was floating up the aisle smiling at each of us as he spoke.
“Now let’s get suited up and start training, time for you all to learn what you’re capable of.”
Training was not what I had anticipated.  They treated us like a loaded handgun with the safety off at first.  Being gentle and making sure that the behavioral mods were in place, that we had the required obedience to Jeremiah and to those placed in charge of us.  I could imagine them pushing other Children too far too fast and having mini rebellions on their hands.  Like telling a giant super powered eight year old he has to eat his veggies before he can have dessert.  A tantrum would be lethal to those unlucky enough to be the target of it.  They had to make sure that all the maturity modifications had taken hold, that we were listening and that they could control us and stop us if need be.  
They never really turned mean though, I kept expecting it.  I thought their act of being nice was just that, they had to be planning to turn on us.  It never came, we were treated like we were the best thing to ever exist.  This was all part of the training though, they wanted to seed that feeling of greatness into us so we would keep that childlike state of sociopathic tendencies.  They wanted to keep that aspect of our childishness alive, it was that aspect that made us perfect killers, that lack of consciousness of consequences.
We responded better to positive training any way.  Having been torn from our previous lives, our previous humanity, and turned into creatures we were already under enough stress.  They didn’t want to risk breaking their new expensive hardware, so they were nice to us.
The first three months were spent in space, where it was safest.  We learned our new bodies as best we could in zero G.  Mostly we learned our new minds, and bonded as a squad.  We almost didn’t need the added mods that forced us to bond with each other and Jeremiah, when the only contact you have is with the few people in your squad, your handler and your trainers you bond pretty fast.  Being torn from our old lives and wanting to feel less alone we all took to one another.  We were happy during training.  It was like a big game.  We forgot how different we looked from normies, everyone treated us like we looked no different than them.
Paul quickly emerged as a leader.  They had a suspicion that he would, they studied us before they made the purchase offer.  They pulled our school files and studied our personalities.  This was to help create a squad that had one clear leader and a natural hierarchy to prevent infighting as much as possible.  They built cohesive squads as best they could.  They didn’t have the final squad composition down until after the modding process due to the high mortality rate, but usually they managed to build a good mix.  There were a few squads with no definite leader, these were the ones used on the colony worlds, the same went for squads that were all leaders.  Only the few squads of perfect composition received the honor of the home word invasion.  Ours was one of those squads.
They pushed us harder, expected more of us because of it but there was nothing they could ask that we couldn’t do.  Having had the entire military history of humanity uploaded into your mind combined with limitless physical ability meant that training wasn’t difficult for us.  It was an exercise in learning what our new bodies could do, how to interact with one another and adjusting to our new lives looking like the monsters we had all had nightmares about.
The training was more for our handler and the command crew.  They needed training in how to deal with us, how to use us and how best to manage us.  They needed to know what worked best with us and what didn’t.  If we didn’t want to do something there was very little they could do to motivate us.  We had no fear, there was nothing negative they could do to us short of deactivation but we realized early on that they would never risk that, we were far too expensive, and a cohesive squad was rare enough.
That was why they treated us like children.  They made the killing fun, they made war a game.  Pain didn’t bother us, we couldn’t die, we were overpowered super soldiers, it was like we were in a game.  We were the main characters in our own video game, it was hard to think of it of reality when all the physical discomforts of reality had been removed.  All the boring classroom stuff was removed from training by the data uploads to our minds.  We could know anything by connecting to our chips, if that didn’t answer the question we had an instant connection to Jeremiah.
Training was the best 6 months of my new life.  I was making great friends, being treated like a hero, we played at war all day, I thought the army was supposed to be hard.  I forgot that I was now a monster, I was comfortable in my new body.  I wish I could have lived in that little bubble of training forever.
Those months spent in space, were spent learning the ins and outs of combat in a gravity free environment.  We couldn’t anticipate where we would be fighting.  They needed to make sure that if our ship was hit in space we could orient and maneuver to either save the ship or to launch ourselves toward the enemy.  Learning the equipment was the most difficult part.  Knowing a pulse rifle in and out on paper didn’t translate into actually handling it.  But eventually we all figured it out.  After those three months in space came the real challenge.
All ten of us were in our travel pods, the jump took long enough that we would be locked in entertainment pods to keep us occupied for the trip since we couldn’t be put to sleep with drugs.
The pods went dark and a pulsing red light kicked in, a siren blared and Jeremiah came through on the comms.
“We’ve been,” he was cut off. 
We were torn from the pods by a vicious explosion.  One blink and I’m nice and relaxed in my pool of entertainment, the next I’m in freefall toward an unknown planet.
This was the beginning of our last three months in training.  A simulated attack that kills our handler and command crew enroot.  We would have to regroup and take the world.
The planet was an out of the way world that had been purpose built and terraformed to be as similar to the Squawker world as recon drones could make out.  They knew that we were pretty much indestructible so the training was going to be conducted as live fire against the drone army that had been placed on the world.
Up to this point we had all been shot, set ablaze, submerged in water for days, blown up, poisoned, the list could go on.  It was all done to remove that fear instinct that would hold on after the modding.  We needed to know that we couldn’t die in order to no longer fear it.  Looking back on it I doubt they went full bore on us, they were still unsure of what we could take so they wouldn’t want to risk killing one of their expensive toys in a training accident.
Those last three months were a lot of fun.  It was just us, no commanders, no Jeremiah, we could do what we wanted as long as we completed the mission.  We had been told that failing the mission meant that we would be left behind for the real attack.
They wanted to see that we could operate if the weakest link, the human link, were severed.  They also wanted to know how their modding would affect us, it was an early experiment.  The results should have worried them, but they knew what they were doing when they unleashed us on the home world.
I’m trying to stop spinning as I fall.  We all wore thrusters in the pods, they were built into our combat suits, just in case something like this happened.  I was fighting to compensate for the spin just enough to stop without overcompensating and turning myself the other way.  I managed to level off while I was still miles away from re-entry.  This gave me time to look around and take stock.  
I could see Sean and Xo, they were too far to reach before re-entry though.  Everyone else was out of range of my short scanner and comms were down, they had been on the ship.  My suit and weapon would burn up during the entry, so everything I had on me was forfeit.  We would be starting this war with no equipment.  The fact that our ship had been hit meant that they knew we were coming, so there was going to be no element of surprise.
I was high enough to deploy my mini-sats.  We all had them in case of a situation like this.  Little satellites that would orbit and be undetectable due to their small size, yet they would give us comms and location ability on one another.  If we were going to regroup we would need these in orbit.  I only hoped that everyone else was tossing theirs as well so we could establish a strong network.
The little round marble sized sats sped off.  With that done all I had to do was plan what I was going to do when I hit the planet.  The impact would make a visible explosion so I would be getting tracked from the moment of impact, if not under attack already.  We assumed the Squawkers knew nothing of the program and the type of enemy it would constitute, but we had to be ready.  They would either disregard the impacts as harmless debris or come and investigate.    
I tried to judge where I was going to land.  The computers pinpointed it to a spot in the jungle.  I was lucky that I wouldn’t be coming down in a populated area, I wouldn’t be fighting from entry, I would have a few minutes to collect myself and get in touch with everyone.
I was burning through the entry.  My suit was gone as was the pulse rifle.  I was now naked and on fire, a god crashing to Earth.  I felt the impact as an intense pressure and went down for a few seconds.  I had anticipated this, I knew my systems would go down, planetary impacts were demanding.
I stood up in the hole I had created and climbed out.  The jungle was empty, it was time to start the mission.
First priority was to regroup so I tried the comms.  This would tell me if the mini-sats were working.  I pinged everyone and they pinged back, so basic comms were working.  The sats would have to calibrate and triangulate for us to pinpoint each other’s location.  There would be a few hours until then so I started moving.  There was no use in trying to speak to one another, there was nothing we could tell each other that would help us group up.  We had no maps of this world, and I felt that a lot of my squad was engaged in combat.
I was barely out of the hole when I heard the buzz of the approaching drones.  I started running toward the lake I had seen on my plummet.  It would be good to have my back to the water when I faced the drones.
They were on top of me before I even got close.  The first explosions sent me forward into a tree.  I turned and jumped, dodging the next missile and coming down on the first drone.  I grabbed the launcher off it and detonated the remaining rockets as the other drones swarmed toward me.  The resulting explosion took out the remaining drones and I found myself in another crater.  
I kept moving.  The jungle was alive around me, explosions taking out trees, artillery and long range missiles rained down on me.  I pushed through the explosions, I could calculate where the shots were originating from and followed the trajectory path while dodging around falling trees and shells raining down on me from the sky.
Since it was going to be impossible to regroup while I was bombarded I needed to take out their outpost.  I managed to catch a few of the bombs that were falling on me.  The enhanced reflexes made it seem as if they were falling in slow motion when I focused on them.  I hurled them back along the same trajectory line, hoping to soften up the target before I arrived, not that it mattered it would just make clearing the base go faster.
I sprinted in the direction that the majority of the fire was originating from.  I would clear the base and stop the bombardment so I could have a minute to think and decide if it was better to start moving or wait for the sats to come online and start the regrouping process.  As a squad we would be stronger, able to sweep up and down the world clearing it.
We had no clear objective, so we would just keep taking the enemy out until there were none left or until the command unit came back online and stopped the exercise.  This was a worst case scenario, they were planning on having a command unit in place for the actual assault.  Our default was to destroy, with no command we would keep on killing until there was nothing left to kill.  Ideally with a command structure there would be objectives, a more efficient process in eliminating the enemy. 
I hadn’t had time to notice how my body felt under full gravity.  The planet was chosen based on early images of the Squawker home world.  Based on the estimates of their home world they tried to get a planet that would have similar gravity.  It was slightly less than Earth gravity but still more than the Zero G I had existed in for the past 3 months.  I noticed the weight of my body the feel of my skin, things brushing up on me.  It took me back to before I was modded, a lifetime in three months.  Not only were we dropped onto this world with no command we were dropped in with bodies we had never used under full earth weight.
I was amazed that I was working so fluidly, so seamless.  The automatic systems took over they knew how to function under full gravity so there was no learning curve.  The sensations were new though.  I could actually feel the weight of my new body, I could see the imprints I was leaving in the muddy ground.  I weighed enough to sink up to my shins in the mud at full sprint.  It didn’t slow me down though.
I reached the base and was immediately hit with a barrage of missiles and lasers that threw me back into the woods where I was swarmed again by the drones.  It was getting difficult to get up, I was pinned under the constant fire.  I was actually getting a little worried, we might fail the mission before it even started, my comrades were probably pinned as badly as I was.  Unless there was a break in the fire I would be stuck to the ground under the weight of lead raining down on me.
This was where the benefit of having human creativity came in.  I realized that my arms were free, being a smaller surface area I could move them against the pressure of the explosions and bullets above me.  I began balling up mud in my hands, using the strength of nano enhanced muscles to press it to something close to the density of stone.  I had to make my next move fast before they could pin my arms.
I could tell they were moving in, I didn’t know how they planned on it but I suspected they were planning on trapping me and hauling me off.  Based on the trajectory of the incoming munitions I could tell were two of the drones were.  With a quick flick of my wrist I tossed the two compressed dirt clods I had made toward them.  
The impact was enough to bring them both down which lessened the fire just enough for me to press up and launch myself at the nearest drone.  Using its gunning arm I swept across the other drones, ramming my hand through its shell and taking over the trigger mechanism.  There was brief interlude of silence before reinforcements arrived.  I kept moving, I wasn’t going to make the mistake of getting pinned again. 
This time I rushed sideways along the tree line dodging the incoming fire from the auto turrets mounted along the base wall.  I knew I had to move this along, if they had made this world anything like Earth I would be in for an orbital strike soon enough.  The satellites would be aligning on me and those in command would be weighing the potential damage to the surrounding area and if it was worth the risk to slow me down.
I leapt from the woods just as a swarm of drones emerged from the base.  I was over the wall though and jumped from drone to drone, tearing off weapons and punching through control units.  I had to rush, there was no time, I could almost feel the gaze of the orbiting lasers on me.  Those would keep me pinned until something destroyed them.  We might be invincible but we were not unstoppable.
I was piling all the drones in the middle of the base as I took them out.  They kept coming though, surging from the massive stores buried under the small base.  Soon the pile was higher than the wall of the base.  Each drone a little bomb of power cells and munitions.  It was time to get out of there.
I stood on top of the pile and used a brief lull in the attack to tear into one of the drones power cells.  Doing some quick math and rewiring I got it to overheat.  The explosion of the mound of drones threw me like a crash test dummy through the air, I landed a few clicks to the East.
This new impact crater was smaller than my previous one.  I would be much harder to find now, and with the local support removed could have some peace to focus on regrouping.
I tried the comms, they had finished calibrating and were located on everyone.
“Paul do you read?” I could see his location as pretty stable, he was either pinned or done fighting for the moment.
“I’m here,” came the reply.
“What’s the plan, I’m close to Sean,” I started.
“No, meet with Cara, she’s having a tough time and you’re close enough to her, I’m sending Sean as well you two will rally on her location, get her out of any shit she’s in and then rally up on my position,” he said.
“Got it,” I started moving to Cara’s location outlined in my vision.  I could see that Sean was doing the same.  We both set a pace that would get us to her at about the same time which would allow for a good shock entrance and hopefully clear out whatever had her pinned.
I had lost the scavenged weapons I had in the blast, I was at square one.
“You have any ordinance?” I asked Sean.
“Nope, haven’t hit any contact yet.”
“Damn, looks like this might be fun,” I was genuinely excited.  This felt good, the simulators had nothing on this.  Nothing could beat live combat.  My blood was up, I was racing through the jungle unable to get to the next fight fast enough.
Sean and I arrived a few thousand meters from Cara’s location.  We could see the beam from the orbital laser long before we reached each other.
“How we going to get her out from under that?” Sean asked gesturing to the thick beam in the distance.  There was very little sound, just the crackling of the ground being cooked under the gigawatt laser.
“We have to take out the sat somehow,” I said.
“But how? We have no orbital support, and unless you grew wings there is no way up there,” Sean said.
A passing drone caught my attention.  It was moving slow, on patrol, they hadn’t spotted us yet.
“Watch this,” I jumped up and leapt on the back of the drone. Before it could get a shot off I had my hand in its control unit.
My mind was working at lightning speed, everything just made sense, every problem had a solution and I knew what I was going to do.
“Let’s see how high these things can get,” I said to Sean with a smile as I rewired the flight controls and jetted upward.  I didn't know the ceiling on the drone, I knew I was giving our position away, I knew that it was a long shot but I was having too much fun not to go for it.  I was going to fly this drone to space and take out that satellite myself.
 The engines in the drone began to stall but I was already too high up for it to matter.  A quick calculation of my vectors and I gunned the drone for a last boost in velocity as I shot off toward the satellite.
It was far enough off that I had some time before I would reach it.  It was a massive array of solar panels providing power to the laser.  I realized that I had essentially turned myself into a bullet as my velocity wouldn’t slow in the vacuum of space.  I would smash the satellite and try and use the impact to aim myself back down to the planet to avoid drifting off into orbit.
Looking at the planet below me I got a nice tactical overview, the zoom ability of my eyes was enough to pick out individual drones on the surface below.  I could see Sean and Cara’s position surrounded by what looked like an encroaching black but was actually a massive drone army.  The resources poured into this training world were astonishing.  These were not simple practice drones but full-fledged battle drones.  They were blowing a lot of resources on us, taking a huge bet that we would be a far superior investment than the millions of drones they were throwing away training us.
The swarm of drones would also present a tactical problem for Sean with Cara pinned he was going to be alone and surrounded.  I was not going to be able to land near him on my re-entry and if he got pinned I could be freeing Cara just to have them both get pinned by the swarm.
“Sean you have a load of incoming on all sides,” I thought at him through the comms.
“Read you,” I could see him starting to move.
“Get to the beam and as soon as Cara’s up move north, it looks like you’ll encounter the least resistance there.
“On it,” he started to move.
I was ten seconds from impact. I put my hands above my head to form a missile shape and help re-direct myself back to the planet.
I tore through the center of the satellite, rotating my body and shoving off it I rocketed back down to the planet and shot the remains of the sat off into space.
Impact was less disorienting this time and I had communications to back me up.
“You good guys?” I asked Sean and Cara as I moved.
“All good, rally here,” Sean pinged a location on my map.
“On it,” I could see that Paul and the others were moving there too.  We were scattered like space debris but all close enough to regroup in a few hours.
At the rally point Paul handed out weapons that had been scavenged from the drones.
“Alright, now comes the easy part,” Paul said. 
The plan was simple enough, reach the locations that our intel indicated the major city centers and command units were and turn them to dust.  Remove the large targets first and work our way down to the medium ones and then it was just a mop up until everything on the planet was dead our until command came back online and took us off world.
“Kill everything,” Paul said as we moved out toward the closest large target.

***
Three months later we were pulled from the training planet.  We had learned a lot and it was all self-taught.  I know now that they wanted to observe us, see how we worked on our own.  They didn’t teach us because even they didn’t know what we could do.  They didn’t know how to teach us, we were new and untested hardware to them.
In three months we had leveled the major areas of the planet.  We had decimated the drone army stationed there.  It should have been a warning to them.  They were unleashing a weapon of mass destruction.  The perfect weapon, one that left the planet in a better state, one that made a clean slate that was inhabitable.  Better than any bomb, pathogen or chemical.  We were a war crime and they knew this as we flew off to the Xeno home world.

Chapter 22
The records say his name is Peter.  At least it was, it looked like they just called him Subject Zero, the beta edition of me.  I always suspected the early versions of us would be a mess, there was no way they could have got the process right in the first try.  
Peter was sixty years old, based on what I could glean from the records left here.  That would mean that the Children project had been going on long before the war.  The project must have started as a plan for wars against other humans, the aliens just gave them the excuse and budget to rush us into action.  Get a perfect version active and on the field as soon as possible.
He looks like a monster.  I thought we looked awful, apparently the first versions of us looked worse.  
His head wheels around to look at me, he makes eye contact.  For an instant I can see the former human buried in the mess of metal and flesh that is his skull, and then he begins screaming and thrashing against the restraints.  Pulling so hard I can hear the super strong metals screech and whine even through the diamond glass.  It looks like a seizure he is fighting so hard.  His body writhing to get out.  I wonder if the early versions of us had the limiter switch installed to stop them from killings other Children.  If he got out would he be able to kill me?
There is no way to let him out though, he’s sealed in that prison.  They did to him what they will do to me if I get caught here, with no destruction protocol an eternity in prison is all there is to stop us.
My curiosity gets the best of me and I walk closer for a better look.  We always want to know where we come from.  He is massive, much larger than we were.  It is not because they wanted him to be that big though, it looks like he had to be in order to fit the tech in.  He had to be large enough to accommodate it all.  Even then it still didn’t fit.  Bits of technology and metal protrude through the skin that tries to repair itself around it but can’t reach far enough.  
When he lies still again I can watch the skin regenerating and falling off in an endless almost shimmer like cycle.  Growth, death and regrowth over and over.  I can’t even imagine the pain of having exposed modifications.  His eyes have been replaced by two camera lenses that glow with the inferred of the sensors behind them.  The skull was so large that they couldn’t manage to stretch the skin over it and exposed metal made the top portion of the head.
He was clearly strong though, the stretched metal in the restraints could attest to that.  In another hundred years he would be out of them and a hundred after that would probably be free.  Normies don’t think that far into the future though, in two hundred years he will be someone else’s problem.
I don’t know why they left their notes in this room though after so thoroughly cleaning out the base.  Maybe they had been left by accident, or maybe as an act of defiance by a scientist with a conscience hoping that someone would find them and bring to light what they had done.
 Reading through the notes it’s clear that they had no idea what they were doing.  Peter was an orphan, adopted through an elaborate fake family.  He lived with his family for a year before he was brought here after his and his families deaths were faked.  The psychic trauma of that alone would have caused most children to break down in some way.
The process was done under full gravity, in the room I stand in reading this.  They did it by hand, no preprogrammed machines here.  The human error compounded on and on until they were done.  The whole process had been too much for his mind, and there were too many problems created.  He was deemed non-functional, it was Peter’s botched modding process that made them realize that zero gravity was a better environment for the operation.
Driven to the point of insanity and in a body that would no longer work they went to kill him.  The problem was that of all they had done wrong the one thing that they did right was to make him immortal.  They tried everything from incineration to poisoning.  
I read the notes looking for anything that would hint at a way I could die, something they didn’t think of, a promising path not followed.  There was nothing.  They couldn’t find anything either, so instead they locked their failed experiment away and moved on, continuing to use the lab while Peter writhed here.  They must have sealed this room off while they continued their work.  Left everything here and not told anyone, a new generation of scientist’s later and everyone assumes the room is empty, the first child alone and forgotten.
I put my hand on the cold glass, reaching to my predecessor, he just stared at me with those disconnected camera like eyes, his mutilated expression exhibiting nothing but rage.  I had to find a terminal, there was nothing I could do for Peter except for this, make a record of what they had done, let them all know the price paid.
The room was crowded with junk.  I started sifting through it all, hoping that the terminals were not exclusive to my generation.  I had nowhere else to look in this base that had been my home for the past few weeks.  I can hear Peter screaming at me through the diamond glass, it is muffled to the point of near inaudibility but it is there.  If I ever find a way to kill myself I’m going to come here, get in there somehow and kill Peter first.  Set him free from the hell he has lived in for the past sixty years.
I needed this terminal, I needed a way to reach Emile, maybe even if he didn’t know how to die he might follow me here, help me kill Peter.  Maybe our limiters wouldn’t stop us, wouldn’t pick him up as another Child.  Or we could let him go, get him to kill us and unleash him on the world that had put him here.  A way for me to get revenge without any more blood on my hands, let this abomination get revenge for me, and for himself.
That wouldn’t be right though, there had been enough blood spilled by this program, I couldn't let there be more.  I wouldn’t let Peter be forgotten though, the world would know what he had been through, what was done to him.  I was not going to let his life be one of useless suffering, he was proof that the program had been started for different reasons than what they were all told.  He was proof of the horror of this program, what it turned us into.  
We might be sleeker on the outside, but Peter was an example of the monster they made us, what they turned us into.  He was horrible enough to turn some stomachs, get some action started, make those that did this pay.  I would be sure to save evidence of him.  This was no longer about me anymore, this was becoming something bigger.
I didn’t want it to, all I had wanted was just to die and let the world know my story, but now I see that I am just the tip of a much darker tale.  How many of us were there really?  How many children were killed in the early days, before the war, before there was a reason to sell humanities soul?  How many more were locked away like Peter, thrashing away in a state of insanity and constant pain?  How deep did this blood stained rabbit hole go?
I sat down, defeated.  It would all be for nothing if I couldn’t find that terminal.  I would be easy to bury and make silent, a ranting war veteran was nothing new on Earth.  I needed evidence and the only way to get that evidence out was with a terminal.  I needed to find Emile, I was not going public without having a way to kill myself, I was not going to let myself be locked away like this.
There is was.  Right in front of me.  On the wall behind Peter’s cage.  I hadn’t recognized it, it was so primitive.  There was no mistaking the connection though, they had not changed that when they upgraded the terminals, the long sharp needle that would insert behind the ear and reach the one connection at the center of the brain.  
It was embedded deep to keep it safe, technically that one little pinprick of connection was our only weakness.  If something managed to get through all the layers of protection and reach that little spot in our brains it could short us out, destroy all memory and turn us into slathering mindless bodies.  This was also where the deactivation began, the first thing destroyed was memory.  If the deactivation failed they wanted to at least make sure we would have no memory.  
It was a shame that the recall stations were one way, they were built off network and completely safe.  There was no way I could kill myself with one, no way to trigger deactivation.  I had thought about it, puzzled it out with all the knowledge I had gleaned about us and our infrastructure.  
Time to find Emile, find that one thing I missed that one clue to where he might be.  He was always smart, smarter than we gave him credit for.  He must have left a clue, it would just be buried in my mind.  Time to get this started.
I hesitated, for a second, then slid the needle in.

Chapter 23
Xo was a hero.  He had found a stash of stims, not as big as our first haul but enough for us all to get high.  We are all sitting on the cement floor that is starting to glow with our collective stim induced heat.
Everyone is going over the plan.  Paul knew we had a few unobserved hours here, he knew Jeremiah’s schedule.  He was giving an important talk today, he would have no time to check in on us.  Besides, everyone had been on their best behavior, there was no real reason to follow up on us.  I felt that we were observed less and less lately.  Paul was always good at tactics.
I had been weak and indulged in some of the stims with the rest.  I was feeling lonely, left out because I was not as involved with their planned rebellion, because I was being a pacifist.  Paul was going over the plan again.  It was not really needed, he was doing it more from excitement than anything else.  Relishing in the future havoc he was going to cause.
Cara was rolling on the ground enjoying her high, giggling at the plan when it got to the killing parts.  Meghan was pacing back and forth, Stephen lying prone, pretending to fire a rifle at Emile who sat in the corner.  Everyone was restless and excited, the same feeling as before the invasion permeated the room, that same blood lust.
The weapons had been gathered and stashed.  Ready for use, tools to amplify the destruction.  Samantha had complained of the weapons, she wanted to do all the killing by hand, but Paul had told her that they would be working against the clock.  The real killing could start after they had the government in hand.  She had squealed with glee at the thought of this.
“Let’s see if normies squawk as well,” she was eager to find out.
Paul was at the part of the plan that the killing began.
“Just like the war, just like before, we will stalk up the street and plug anything that moves.  Focus on speed though.  This is where it’s different, we have to focus on reaching the objective as soon as we can.  No getting pinned, stay mobile but make sure to kill.  On the off chance that we don’t make it, that we can’t get there in time I want to at least see a high casualty count.  I want bodies littering the streets.  I want carnage, death, chaos.  I want them scared of what we can do, I want them to hurt.”
I don’t know if it was the stims or Paul’s speech, a mix of both most likely but this was when I got my first flashback, my first true mental episode.  The issue was that in our modded minds, with perfect memory, a flashback was one of the most vivid things we could experience.  The tech and mental misfiring’s of the mind combined to a perfect storm of mental anguish. 
At least it was anguish for me, for the others I’m sure if they had a flashback it would have been a high point of their day.  For me I was thrown back to the darkest days of the war, to where it had stopped being fun, to where the enemy had stopped shooting back.
We came into the city and the defense force laid their weapons at our feet.  With no common language they were trying to show that they were surrendering to us, trying to create a peace.  Paul walked up to the leader and tore his head off.  
We all started firing into the crowd, firing into the buildings, killing the onlookers that had been hoping for peace.  It was when I saw what we had become, what we had turned into.  It was that fact that Paul was laughing like it was the funniest thing he had ever done.
“Stupid fuckers, we aren’t stopping until they all stop breathing,” he said as he turned to me.  I had stopped shooting, I was standing there feeling the enormity of what we were doing dawn on me.  Being crushed under the pain of the realization.  
“What’s wrong,” Paul shook me.  I was back in the room, dosed on stims and realizing that we were doing it again.
“We can’t Paul,” I said.
“Can’t what?” 
“Can’t do it again.  Don’t you see.  They made us killers, they designed us to do this.  By killing them we are just proving that they are better than us, that they designed the perfect killers, unable to turn it off,” I said.
“What are you talking about?  Are you going soft on me soldier,” he picked me up and yelled.
“No sir. Sir I just disagree with what you are planning here,” my training took over, the flashback still in my memory, Paul talking to me like we were in the field.
“You can disagree all you want, just stay the fuck out of our way,” he threw me to the ground. “And if you tell anyone outside this room about this I promise you I will find a way to waste your ass.  I don’t give a fuck about the limits, I’ll override them if it kills me, but I’ll take you with me,” he said in disgust as he turned away.
I didn’t say anything else.  The other Children looked away, I felt their abandonment.  I had been on the outside since that point in the war where I had started to object to what we were doing.  I was more of an outsider than Emile, he had kept killing.
I just didn’t understand how they could keep killing, why they were so intent on it.  I knew that their plan was to make themselves gods, but it wouldn’t stop there.  They wouldn’t be able to stop killing, they would destroy this planet as well, another genocide was not much of a stretch.  I couldn't do it though.  I remembered my mother, she was a normie, she had done nothing to me, I knew she had thought what she was doing was for the best, that she had thought I would be better off.  She didn’t do it for the money.
Their parents had done it for the money though.  When they were sold, betrayed by their parents like that, the last connection to humanity was severed.  Jeremiah was all they had, but even that connection was getting weaker as we saw less and less of him.  The only times he came around was to lecture us on our behavior.  I knew he was out there defending us, fighting to get us recognized, have some care provided to us by a government that just wanted us swept under the rug, but that didn’t change that he was absent.  He had just become another obstacle, something to be circumvented on the path to victory.  
They had all gone insane, I was sure of it.  Yet I still couldn’t betray them, couldn’t give them up.  I knew what was going to happen, I couldn’t take part in the killing, but wouldn’t I be just as bad by standing by and letting it happen?  I stood up and left the room, I felt sick, my head hurt, I was feeling emotion for the first time since the war.
I had been flat, neutral for a long time, now my human side was pushing back, the machines couldn’t stop the physical pain that emotional anguish caused.  The only way I felt pain was when the human side of me created it. 
I was becoming more and more torn.  I hoped Paul would absolve me of the part he had asked me to play in his scheme.  Even then I would still be just as responsible as the rest of them, I couldn’t have another genocide on my hands.  There is only so much blood that can exist on my conscience.
I couldn't betray them though.  I paced the empty streets, lost in my own mind, my choices facing me, my justifications slipping away.  What could I do?
Stop another genocide by turning in my people, the only people I had left.  Or just let it happen, take part in my small way and be accepted back into the group.  I’d have blood on my hands but at least I wouldn’t be left alone.
The joke was on me though.  My lack of action gave me both outcomes.  The blood of the normies that were killed rests on my hands as well as that of Jeremiah, Paul, Stephan, Sean, Cara, and the rest of my squad.  They would all be alive if I had had the courage to stop it, if I had had the courage to act.  If I had participated more I would be dead with them.  I somehow managed to pick the lose, lose option.  My inaction was the worst choice, the worst decision of my life.

Chapter 24
By the end of our training Paul was solidified as our leader.  Those in charge were scrambling over themselves to get us into action.  They had created the perfect squad with a perfect leader and subordinates that meshed into a unified and determined killing machine.  We scored the highest on all the training metrics.  We were rewarded with the juiciest assignment.  We were taking point on the invasion of the Xeno home world.
We were also one of the last units through the program.  They had perfected everything with us.  We loaded onto the ship and commenced the long and dangerous voyage to the Squawker home world.  Looking back it would have been funny if we had been blasted, the best weapon humanity had sent drifting in space for eternity.  A typical anticlimactic ending.
By the time we were shipped out though the navy had an upper hand in space combat.  A slight upper hand but enough of one to take the chance flying us on the long route.  The other squads of Children were engaged on the colony planets along the route and this had diverted Squawker resources and attention enough to allow us to slip by.  Along with a whole contingent of diversion ships the ten squads of ten made their way to the war.
We all spent the voyage in the entertainment pods to keep us occupied.  The normies were in g-force dampening pods as the rapid acceleration and deceleration from the evasive maneuvers that the ship had to take at points would have torn them apart.  It was nothing much to us, but you could feel it, like being held under by a barrage of enemy fire at some points.  The semi-autonomous computer pilot was encountering some scout ships out there in the void.
It felt odd to have no real concern about what happened.  Knowing that in a worst case scenario we would just be sent adrift in space kind of removed the excitement from the risky maneuvers.  Drifting in space would actually be pretty interesting, space is a pretty amazing place.  Eventually we would encounter something that could kills us, a star or black hole or something, but maybe we would land on a peaceful planet, take it over or become gods.
My imagination tended to get away with me in the pods.  As part of our continuing training we would get live feeds of the battles being fought by the other Children.  We were supposed to analyze the tactics of the enemy, see what worked and what didn’t.  I think this footage was also provided to get us pumped up for the killing that was to come.  I was getting pretty amped watching my fellow Children wipe out whole battalions of the enemy.  I was itching to get into action.  Sometimes I had to stop watching and switch to some other entertainment, I would get too pumped up and want to speed the ship up.  The waiting was killing us.
One of the Squads of Children, one of the first squads, the most poorly designed, was having a rough time of it.  I ended up watching this one the most.  Watching them struggle was more entertaining than watching the other squads wipe through worlds.  Watching these guys was like watching a comedy group.
They fought each other more than they fought the enemy.  At one point, mid battle, they break down and just start pounding on each other to the limit of the kill inhibitor.  You can hear their handler yelling at them over the comms, and the Squawkers just look confused.  For a brief instant the battle actually stops as the enemy watched these idiots try to tear each other apart.
This was the squad on the world that got nuked.  Command insisted that it was the Squawkers that nuked the world, but I wonder if maybe it was our side, just to stop the embarrassing show that was the first squad.  I really didn’t care, watching them was the best entertainment I could get.  
All the other entertainment was thinly disguised training.  They were keeping us sharp on our way to war but it made for boring stuff, just enough to keep us occupied, keep us from slipping over that knife edge to total boredom.
We knew the plan of attack but they kept drilling it into us in our daily pre-recorded briefings.  The humans aboard the ship were all unconscious, we were alone and we knew it, but still fresh from training we had yet to develop the anger and rebellion.  We still followed orders, and our orders were to sit tight watch the training videos and pay attention to the briefings.
I felt bad for the humans involved in all the aspects of the war.  They had died in great numbers, losses never seen before, to take ground that took us minutes to take.  Planets that had been going back and forth between human and Xeno, for years were taken in days when a squad or two of Children landed on them.  There was a lot of resentment among the regular soldiers, I could see it on their worn out faces in the videos.
There they were in the back ground, supporting the Children who came and took the planet.  A planet that they had seen their friends die on, that they had lived on for years, in a state of constant war, constant fear and constant death.  We would come in, air dropped like angels of death, and wipe out the enemy, take all the glory and be whisked off to another world to do the same.  High command didn’t even bother relocating the soldiers to new fronts, they were just shipped back to Earth, outdated and useless tools.  The planet would be secured by a contingent that was just there as an early warning system in the case of a Xeno attack once the Children had left.
This bitterness among the veterans ran deep but what hurt them the most was that despite it all, despite us stealing the glory and spotlight from them, they were grateful.  That mix of resentment and gratitude really dug at them.  We didn’t care, didn’t even notice.  It didn’t matter to us.  We had no concept of death, of horror, of the realities of war.  It was just a big game to us, we couldn’t comprehend why they would be upset.    
The navy hated us too.  Providing suicide escorts for the various squads of Children was draining on them.  They were dying in large numbers just to get a squad to some distant outpost world.  They were turned from space heroes engaged in grand battles against a larger and superior enemy to decoys protecting an asset.  New space was gained after the squad was put on the ground, humanity was retaking planets lost for years in the war.  They were also taking new worlds on the relentless push to the Xeno home world.
It was the largest colonial expansion of humanity in history and was moving at a pace that was unimaginable before.  Budgets bloated to infinite numbers by the war led to advances in space travel that pushed the limits of physics.  Worlds were torn apart by us and rebuilt by humans.  Eventually they had to stop taking worlds and just bookmark them.  There were simply not enough humans left to colonize the worlds, even sparsely.  This shift toward victory was not without a human cost.
Losses actually increased when the Children were introduced into the field as resources were taken from the lines and diverted to us and getting us safely to the required planet.
The ten squads of ten headed for the home world was one of the costliest operations in the entire war.  Thousands of ships were lost protecting us, making sure that all one hundred of the top Children reached the home world.  The bravery and sacrifice of humanity on its course to victory might explain why they were so willing to stand by and watch as we committed genocide.
 The navy was decimated, more than decimated.  A full quarter of the active vessels in the war were lost on our final push.  There is still debate raging as to whether the population could ever recover from the lives lost, especially with the falling birthrate.  
We knew none of this, and if we did we wouldn’t have cared.  We were just fighting boredom and laughing at the antics of the other less elite squads.  Even now, knowing this, I don’t really care.  It was bad tactics on humanities part.  Always too impatient, if the advance had been done slowly at a safe pace with attention to losses, if we had been used to liberate planets, we could have reached the doorstep to the home world.  Any intelligent species that had been pushed from almost certain victory to the brink of losing their home planet would have surrendered at that point.  
Human losses would have been much less and humanity could have negotiated with another intelligent species.  There could have been peace.  Instead they did what they always do, what they are best at, they killed and died.
The plan was to reach the home world, get under the atmosphere to do an airdrop of all of us to one point.  A hundred Children fighting together was unheard of, we were going to be a sledgehammer dropping on a watermelon.  Together we would clear a safe zone for command to operate out of.  Establish a base on the home world and commence with occupation, working toward the eventual and unconditional surrender of the Xeno species. 
That was the plan, the one drilled into us every day, before we watched hours and hours of combat footage and studied the best ways to kill, the most effective tactics to use.  We were told that our mission was to get the enemy to surrender before we were shown hours of death.  
The plan was never for genocide, but the seeds were planted.

Chapter 25
The memory read was always a little jarring, seeing your thoughts and emotions in the third person.  The screen fired up on the readout, the power for the device was drawn from my own systems, they were designed to operate in any environment should the need arise.  
Scrolling through memory like it’s just information on the net messed with my head if I thought of it too much.  That everything I was looking at was being drawn from my own mind, that I was scrolling through years of thought and experience made me feel disconnected from my own reality.  It was like a loop, like facing two mirrors against each other, an infinite loop descending smaller and smaller.
Getting past that I was able to focus on what I had set out to do, I had a lot of data to sift through.  Looking for that one small thing, that one clue.  I had a general idea of where to look though.  I had managed to narrow it down to before we were loaded on the drop ships but after training.  Emile never spoke much so it was easy to just jump to places where he speaks
The good thing about the recording was its search ability.  As these were my memories they were easy to search by me, even though they were external.  I could navigate rapidly through them looking for specific details and pulling them into a general search filter.  In this case I just focused on Emile and when the memory registered speech from him.
It is almost like watching a helmet cam recording, except there are blinks and the jumpy movement of the eyes creates for pretty uncomfortable viewing when they aren’t your own memories.  I was able to enter my memory, get drawn into them, almost as if the external display didn’t matter.  
I could understand why they had externalized the process.  If I was doing this in my own head, treating my memories like files on a computer I would get lost in the maze.  The playback was so complete that getting stuck in a memory was a definite possibility, that was why they had moved the process outside of our own heads.   If I started to get too drawn in I could just glance away and be brought back to the present.
There we all were idling around, waiting to board the drop ship, I feel the same excitement I felt then.  That same anticipation, the realization that it was all coming to a final conclusion a delightful culmination.
Emile is still pretty normal at this point.  We all knew he had castrated himself, but he was not treated any differently.  We could understand his insanity, his ever increasing oddness, on a level that the normies couldn’t.  He was accepted by us just like all the other Children.  We would sometimes fight and disagree, but we were all part of the same brotherhood, all in the same boat together.  Bonded by the horrors of our short lives. 
We were standing around, pacing, shifting from foot to foot, fiddling with our weapons and gear.  Normal soldiers would be smoking anxiously as they waited for battle, we were just trying to speed time up.  There was no fear, just a bunch of kids waiting in line for the new ride at the theme park.
It’s in this mundane setting , this pointless part of my life that Emile drops the hint.  It was no wonder I couldn’t remember it on my own, people don’t usually remember waiting in line, they just remember the line.
Emile says What are you guys going to do after the war? Something that were we normal soldiers would be a pretty basic question, but for us it was off putting.  There was no after the war for us, we had no life before the war, the war was all we knew and all we looked forward to.  We hadn’t thought about what would happen when it ended, I guess we all thought it would never end.
No one answered him, we kind of looked at him weirdly and just kept going on.  Emile tended to ask odd questions like this a lot.
I’m going to go back home, to my real home, by the lake.  The one by Fermont, with the island. He trails off after that, no one had been listening to him.  He was talking to himself, but now I had something.
Emile was the only one of us that had something he wanted to do after the fighting.  He didn’t want to be there.  Even I wanted to be there in the beginning, I was excited, he was scared, he didn’t want to kill.  In the end he did though, he did what he was ordered like any good soldier.
He just wanted to be back in one of his favorite places.  A small backwater place in his home country.  Canada, on a lake in northern Quebec, enjoying nature.
I unplugged from the machine.  The display went blank, I shoved it under my arm.  There was no way I was leaving this here I might need it again.
Finding the right lake in Quebec, a province of lakes, was going to be hell but it narrowed down my search from the whole world to a reasonable area of the world.  I had a goal now a place to head to.  My virtual maps of the area made it look like I had a long slog ahead of me.  
There were hundreds of lakes in the area and Emile was probably going to be hiding out too, I doubt he would make himself too visible.  No time like the present to get started in finding him, I have a long walk ahead.
Peter, locked in the cage behind me, has stopped his screaming and thrashing.  He is staring at me through the glass.  Maybe he remembers, maybe our minds and mods are linking on some level, maybe he is just going back to the catatonic state I found him in.
“I’ll be back Peter, I’ll make this right,” I stare at the glass making eye contact with him.  I know he can’t hear me and even if he could he wouldn’t understand, not at this level of insanity.

Chapter 26
Paul began to become consumed with his plan.  Every waking second was about what we were doing, going over weapons, timetables, scheduling everything down to the last second.  He would go out for long periods of time walking around the city, thinking.
He was a bundle of energy and anticipation.  Paul was starting to lose control, starting to lose the calm face of a leader that he had once had.  I think he was cracking, looking back on it, the stress of everything was getting to him.
We were all cracking, I still am.  All of us at different rates, going slowly insane.  Their insanity focused on their plan and retaking humanity.  Mine was more reserved, a slower burn, a permanent feeling of loss and guilt.  Small hallucinations, memory lapses, getting lost in familiar places.  It’s only gotten worse, we weren’t designed for long term service, not really.
I am realizing that now, that we might be able to live forever but our minds won’t last.  They will still degrade at an even faster rate than normal all the mods helping to speed the process.  We would have all ended up psychotically insane or totally catatonic.  They had no idea what the long term effects were like.  
Their early experiments were terminated or left to rot like Peter, the insanity clear from the beginning.  The successfully modded Children, the ones like us, were a minority in the program.  They didn’t know what was going to happen to us. 
Maybe Paul and the other’s drive for revenge was fueled by the insanity simmering in their degrading minds.  Maybe they were not as evil as I have made them out to be.  It was not their fault either way.  They were only doing what they had been made to do.
Paul was breaking down, starting to violate his own rules of pretending that everything was normal.  Starting to act too odd, too obsessed.  Jeremiah caught on, I knew he would eventually.  They were all acting too different, too dangerous.  They were acting like they were still in the war.  They all had that same nervous energy, of course Jeremiah was going to catch on.
They didn’t spend much time at the house, so when Jeremiah stopped by I was the only one there.  I think Emile was too, drifting through the rooms like a ghost that everyone saw but no one acknowledged.  Even Jeremiah had stopped trying to make a connection with him, stopped trying to help.  Emile was the least of his worries, he was more concerned by the rest of them and how they were constantly on the move.
“Hi Jeremiah,” I greeted him at the door formally.  We never closed the door, it hung by half a hinge.  Torn off during one of our many rough games.
“Hi, everyone’s out I see,” he said stepping inside.  He would have known exactly where they all were, he could follow the tracking easy enough.  He liked to pretend that he didn’t have all seeing surveillance on us though, wanted to make it seem like we were on our own.
“Yeah,” I said.
“Not going to work anymore?” he asked.
We had all stopped trying at the pretense of work.  There was no point, besides after my little distraction and Paul’s explosion most employers didn’t want to have to deal with the liability of having us work.
“I think they all kind of gave up,” I offered weakly.
“Look, I think you might know why I’m here, you always were the most stable among them.” 
He was going to say most human.  I knew what he meant.  They had all reverted to machines with one purpose, I still had emotion.  Jeremiah had not wanted the genocide and I think that by seeing my reluctance and remorse he viewed me as his one inroad, the last of his brood that was still sane enough to communicate with.
“I want to know what is going on,” he continued.
“What do you mean,” I was able to seem innocent.  I could have ratted them out here, I could have stopped it.  I was being handed another out.  A key to be blameless, I could tell Jeremiah and they wouldn’t know, they would think he had figured it out on his own.
“You know exactly what I mean, all the wandering about, all the outbursts, the constant energy, the fact that you have all given up trying anything.  What is going on?”
“I don’t know.  I know they have been weird but you know what it was like,” I said.  I had to throw him off the scent.  I had to be loyal.  I was picking sides, I don’t know why.  Every child wants to be part of the group I guess.
“I know what it was like, but you were all doing well, on the right path.  There was room for improvement of course, but you were all starting to make a space for yourselves in this life.”
“You want them to be normal, want me to be normal.  Isn't it normal to be a little distraught after committing genocide?  After going through all we have?  They don’t talk about it but maybe they are dealing with what they were made to do?  Maybe they are breaking down?  Wouldn’t a normie break down too?” I was speaking for myself now.  I was being honest and he could tell.
“It is, but why now?  Why all of a sudden?” 
“Maybe it took them longer to have it sink in.  You go fight a war, kill a species, and try to act normal after,” I challenged him.
I was putting on a good show.  I saved them when I could have stopped it.  Of course, if I had stopped it then they would have just ended up locked away for life.  Buried underground to wait for the Earth to be melted by the sun’s death.
I didn’t know that then though.  In hindsight it was a choice between condemning my friends to hell or saving the human race that turned us into monsters then abandoned us.  Based on what I knew then though I was choosing between stopping genocide or getting my friends in trouble. 
“I’m new to this too okay.  I’m just trying to make sure that you’re all okay,” Jeremiah sounded hurt.
“I know, but lay off a bit.  We are fine, just trying to cope.”
“Us handlers were not trained in this part.  There was no time, coming home was not guaranteed.  No one knew what was going to happen.  No one knew how things were going to end up, I am just trying to do the best I can with what I have,” he said.
“We appreciate it, we really do, we are just having a bit of a hard time.  Don’t worry, we will all recover from this.  They just need time,” I was lying through my teeth.  I knew that I would never feel better, that time would do nothing for my wounds.  I knew that their plan for recovery was revenge.  I also knew where my loyalties lie.
“Okay, just let them know that I’m here for them.  I don’t want to communicate through the network with you guys any more.  I want you to start feeling normal again and it’s not really normal to have brainwave communication,” he said as he turned to leave.
“Thanks, at least one person is trying to make us feel normal,” I said as he stepped out the
door.  He waved good bye and I walked back inside.  I would have to tell Paul that Jeremiah had been by, that he was getting suspicious.  
I waited for Paul to ramble in.  I knew he would eventually, he needed to come back and coordinate with us.  Needed to have a base of operations, as he called the house.
“Jeremiah stopped by today,” I told him at the door when he arrived home.
“And?” he asked.
“He was worried with how odd you are all acting.  He thought something was up,” I said.
“What did you tell him?” I could hear the anger in his voice.  It hurt me a little that he thought that I would have betrayed them.
“I told him that you guys were just working through the war.  That you were having a rough time coping with it all,” I said.
“Oh okay, it’s good to see that he cares,” Paul said.  We knew we were still watched.  I knew what Paul meant, but Jeremiah would just see me doing what he had asked.
“Maybe we should get some help,” I suggested.  I was hoping that maybe Paul would call it off, maybe the knowledge that we were being watched closer would make him re-consider.
“Fuck off, you did well but don’t ruin it,” he said walking off.
My small plan backfired.  Knowing we were being watched closer only made Paul more impatient, more ready to get started with his plan.  I had hoped to stop the madness in the only small way I knew how.  I was hoping that maybe there was some small chance Paul would call it all off, realize that we still had someone that cared, or at the very least was watching us.  I wanted him to see that it was going to be a challenge and that they would all get found out before they had a chance to try.
I only made everything worse.  I did manage to gain Paul’s trust back though.  The fact that I hadn’t ratted them out when I had the chance made him see that I was still on their side.

Chapter 27
We had been in transit to the home world for so long that we were all starting to lose it.  I was considering leaving the pod, I think we all were.  The live feeds from the other planets had stopped and all we could watch was recorded replays.  All communications had been lost weeks ago, we were now part of the fleet that was the furthest from humanity.
There had been fewer evasive maneuvers, it seemed like we were hidden from the enemy, it was like they didn’t know we were coming.  They had really just pulled back to the home world to form a sturdy defense.  They must have gotten tired of losing ships to our suicidal naval commanders.
It came suddenly.  The deceleration was so forceful I was actually concerned that our human leaders would be a pile of red jelly when we arrived, despite the G tanks they were submerged in.  Our pods shut down and we immediately jumped to action.  We had been trained for entering orbit and had had it drilled into us every day of this never-ending trip.
We suited up in our combat gear, nano suits designed to survive re-entry, not like the ones we had used in training that burned up.  Weapons wrapped in shielding, to keep them viable in case we had to jump from above the atmosphere.
We reached the drop ship and the comms came online at the same time, the ships had spewed a massive cluster of sats, establishing a communication network around the planet that would be nearly indestructible due to the sheer volume and the small size of each sat.  That’s how we learned of the beating our ships were taking.
Jeremiah came online: “we have been evaced to the rear of the line under heavy guard, you need to establish a safe area planeside.  The Navy can’t survive this attack much longer, we need to get planeside or you will lose your command unit,” he sounded scared but not panicked.  He knew the risks of the mission.  He was braver than any of them, he was no soldier just a man that cared too much.
“We’ve been hit, won’t be seeing you guys down there,” the leader from third squad came over the comms.  There was only resignation in his voice.  Retrieving the squad would have been too risky, they couldn't take the loss.  Third squad was destined to drift in space.  They are still out there probably, they drifted out from comm range pretty fast.
“We’re gone too, get the hell down there,” Sixth squad had been hit too.  Half of them were lucky enough to be shot toward the planet though, they were actually the first to reach the ground.  With only five members and no leader they couldn’t do much but they managed to start clearing a landing zone that we all rallied to.  
The comms were alive with orders, Children dropping in.  Our ship was taking heavy fire but Paul was holding the drop.  No one questioned him, we were too well trained, too loyal to even think of questioning his leadership.  He was waiting for a break in fire, he wanted to hit the ground running, not spread apart like before.
“Drop, Drop, Drop,” he yelled, yanking the lever back.  We were in free fall, holding rails inside the tin can that was the drop ship.
We were hurtling toward the ground, on track to make a perfect landing right on target, right where we supposed to be.  The fire let up on the command unit as the Xeno’s realized that an attack force was making planet fall, they knew what we could do, they had fought the other squads on the colony worlds, now they were facing us on the home front.
We were thirty seconds to making a perfect landing when we were hit.  Alarms blared in the ship, we spun so fast that our visual sensors had trouble keeping up and finding a reference point.  We just hung on, desperate to stay together and be an effective squad.  We couldn’t afford to burn time reassembling, the Xeno’s would take out our command and that meant Jeremiah as well.  
We hit the ocean and before we could scramble out of the ship we were sinking.
Stay there, don’t leave the ship, it will be easier to regroup at the bottom and swim up as a squad Paul thought at us. 
We sunk rapidly, and in a half hour had hit the bottom.  There was no light, our eyes could still see, they projected infrared light and read that, it was like seeing the world through a green filter but we could see just fine.  I could feel the immense pressure crushing my body and the regeneration pushing back.  We were contracting and expanding, like beating hearts.  Our weapons were still intact, the nano-casing holding its integrity, but I could almost feel the strain it was under.  A light tap would be enough to shatter the whole thing.  
The drop ship hull had deformed around is, we were like toys shrink wrapped.  When we hit bottom we tore out of the shell.
Roll call, we all here? Paul took stock.  We had all made it to the bottom.
Swim up, stay in a line, hit surface and head North, North West. We will rally with second squad and hit the LZ hard, Paul thought to us.
They started moving up.  I went to follow, but noticed the little creatures flitting about around us.  I deactivated my night vision and took them in.  We were bathed in an ever changing glow as bioluminescent alien fish danced around.   The light produced by their bodies brighter than their counterparts on earth.  More than colourful, it was beautiful.  I stopped swimming and took it in, the peace, silence and colour.
I think that was the last time I was ever mentally at peace.  I cherish that moment when I get lost in my degrading mind.  Drifting on the bottom of an alien ocean.  Then I started swimming again, caught up with the squad and made for the surface.
I miss that silence, that peace, that feeling I can never get back.  I tried on Earth, it’s not the same, my mind will never be capable of feeling that peace again.
We made the surface and started moving toward land.  We took fire the whole way so most of the trip was done underwater.  The satellites that had been placed in orbit were not yet calibrated to give us over watch, they were operating on communication only, so we had to pop above the surface to recon the situation.  
They were in the air, drones blanketing the ocean, looking for where we would pop up.  They had lost us under the waves.  We were actually in the largest Ocean on the planet, it was fresh water though.  Deeper than any Ocean on Earth but in terms of surface area it was smaller than Lake Superior.
This allowed them to have it under a near total watch as we made our way to land.  The planet was developed around the air, humans are ground dwellers, Xeno’s live in the sky.  
We made the swim because Paul didn’t want to use our jump packs over the water, they had clear dominance in the airspace and going airborne would just mean our gear would be destroyed as they blasted us back into the water.
The muffled sounds of impact on the surface dogged us as they dropped munitions designed to track us and detonate underwater.  We got hit with a few blasts but they did nothing other than rock us back and forth in the Ocean.
We made land fall under a blanket of fire that seemed thinner than it should have been.  We were facing an enemy that had been stretched to their defensive limits.  We were now the apex species on this world.

Chapter 28
As I consider what’s contained in my memory I become more and more convinced that uploading it to the net might be something worthwhile.  Extract my memory with the terminal and upload it, add in a filter to make it viewable, it would be hard to understand most of it, but people would get the main point.
Uploading something so intimate would have to be done after I die though, and I want to have this memoire to provide some context.  The memory can’t convey what I was thinking or feeling at the time, for an outsider it is just a first person movie.  It needs context, needs my soul, my being attached with it.  
The terminal might be the most valuable thing I have found on my quest for release.  The most important piece of evidence I have to show the world.  Real, raw footage.  You will see things in here that will make you uncomfortable, make you cringe.  If you thought watching slaughterhouse footage was tough, enough to turn you into a vegetarian, then I hope that my memory will turn the world into permanent pacifists.
The problem with humanity and genocide is that they say “never again” and then stand by and watch it happen over and over.  From the natives in the Americas, the Armenians in World War 1, the Jews in World War 2, Rwanda, Serigivo, Darfur, North Korea, the Pacific purge, the terror, the list goes on and on.  Large and small, humanity loves to kill.  When they got tired of killing one another, after years without a major war crime, a new species came along.  The perfect target for humanities genocidal tendencies.
Maybe what I do will stop the next one, probably not, but I hope it at least gives my life a meaning beyond merely being a killer.  
I uploaded everything to disk, so I could review without having to plug in again, and in case the terminal got lost or broken.  I tried watching the fighting, tried putting myself back there.  I couldn’t, I thought that it might help me calm down, seeing what I did, reliving it and facing it as a kind of therapy.  I couldn’t get through it.  I know what I remember, but there might be details there that slipped by.
They will have to forever remain lost memories, to be viewed and enter the collective memory of humanity.  I will live forever in the memory of all of humankind, I hope.
The road to Quebec is proving to be long.  I have to travel under cover, I feel that I am being watched, observed, it could be the paranoia or it could be true but I don’t want to take that chance.  I travel at night, stay out of populated areas and only move on foot.
There are cameras everywhere, satellites constantly scanning the surface for signs of us.  I stand out in a crowd despite any attempt to hide myself, so the slog to Quebec is proving to be a long one.
At least he’s deep in the woods, when I finally get to that area I will be able to move a little faster.  The problem is the satellites, they are always scanning for signs of the surviving Children, abnormal heat signatures generated by us when we move at speed.  Watching for indications of humans where there should be no humanity, the tops of mountains and bottom of the Oceans.  They have driven us to ground and intend to keep us off and away.
Officially we were still heroes, but if we entered a population center and lingered for too long we would face problems.  I was most certainly being watched as I was on the move, I was moving out of my normal patterns.  They most likely knew about my entering the base, but I was still posing no threat, I wasn’t worth the risk and losses that capturing one of us incurred.
I think I would have gone peacefully, but after seeing the conditions that Peter was left in, to slowly rot away in a buried cell, I was questioning that.  I was thinking that resistance, even killing again, would be preferable to that.  Even if it meant losing myself.  
So I hike following my internal map, trekking to where I need to be.  Exploring the desolate countryside that was once the sprawling fields of the breadbasket.  There were still farms here, but those were clustered around the best growing areas.  With the dwindling population the need for food left acres of once prime farmland to go back to nature.  The plains were slowly regaining their natural plant life.  
The genetically modified plants still held dominance, being engineered to withstand anything even decades of neglect and they kept growing, going to seed and starting again.  It was a war on the plant level, humanities creations fighting against nature.  Hard to tell which side was winning though, nature has a way of fighting the long battle and coming out on top at the end.
Even humanity still sits on the knife edge of collapse, despite the birth rate slowly rising again.  All it would take would be one more major disaster, one little push, and off they would plummet down the path to extinction.  With a minimal birth rate any plague that they managed to shrug off in the past would prove a major hit to the gene pool.  
Humans are a fragile species built on their own self-importance, believing they have conquered it all when it would only take a little push and nature would win again.  They love to think they are perfect, infallible, their own gods, when all they are is monkeys that learned to talk.  But then what does that make me?
Walking makes me think.  Forcing myself to slow down when I know I could be there in a day.  It is relaxing, calming to my mind.  Maybe all I need is a life of gentle meditation, gentle thoughts, and relaxation.  My mind still roils inside my head though.  I can never stop it, and every day it degrades more and more.  
Feeling yourself slip is one of the most disturbing things.  I used to be sane, at least I think I was, I can’t remember any more.  The only measure of sanity I have is that of when I was a child.  When life was still confusing enough to fool yourself that it has a purpose.  Feeling things that once made sense, that you knew how to do, lose meaning.  Sometimes I forget how to read, letters blend and look like Sanskrit.  
Some days I hike with my hallucinated companions, people I know aren’t there, yelling at me accusing me, attacking me.  I feel no fear though, hard to be scared when you know you can’t die.  My only fear is that I will lose control before I can end myself that I will hurt and kill again, that I will become that last thing that pushes humanity over the edge, that I will commit genocide again.  I am unstoppable.
I can’t think like that though, I have to stay in control.  It’s all I can do to stop myself from sprinting to Emile, with each hour that passes I feel that I am only closer to snapping.  This helps, recording this helps.  I can organize my thoughts here, make things make sense, feel in control.
I try to find beauty in the nature that surrounds me.  It’s hard though, for some reason I feel almost resentment toward Earth.  I feel that it is not mine, that I don’t have a home.  I was born on Earth but I was formed off world.  Maybe they implanted an anti-nostalgia chip in my mind to keep us from longing for home.  Or maybe I am just burnt out, I have wandered most of the planet already.
There is a sense that things are starting to fall into place though, that I am finally starting to move in the right direction.  I only need to hold myself together for a little longer, than I can reach the final purpose I have set for myself.  Try to be more than a killer.

Chapter 29
Paul was ready to go.  He was tired of waiting, wanting to get out there and start the massacre, start the takeover.  Jeremiah’s visit has only spurred him more, made him want to get on with it before we got discovered.
He was constantly on the move, constantly checking on Jeremiah’s schedule, looking for a hole that was sooner than the planned day.  He didn’t want to risk something happening to stop them, didn’t want to risk having to make changes to his plan.
Jeremiah slept, like any normie, but the monitoring systems had alarms built in to wake him up if there was something suspicious going on.  Too much elevated activity, too much movement, patterns being broken.  He set the parameters so we had no idea what to avoid doing that would set off the alarms, all we knew was that it existed.
Paul was tied, any meetings that Jeremiah had planned were too short and too easy for him to be alerted.  He only had the one date to work with and it was driving him mad.  He wanted to start, he constantly checked the weapons, the jump packs, all stolen from bases that were guarded by skeleton staff.
Since the weapons were too massive for normies to use and since the government assumed that we were all under control of our handlers they had minimal guards posted to the supplies left over from the war.  The weapons were too expensive to justify decommissioning but useless for combat as we were the only ones that could use them.
It was child’s play to steal them.  The posted guards were drunk most of the time, Paul and Sean just walked into the base one night supported by Xo and Cara they carried out more than enough weapons to equip our whole squad for another invasion.  They were stashed in an abandoned house in a hazard zone close to the site of the planned attack.
During the war, in the rush to create endless supplies of ships, weapons and ammo any environmental regulations were scrapped.  Dumping of toxic production byproducts became the norm and whole swaths of once inhabited land were turned into desolate wastelands.  The people didn’t mind, the migration to the larger cities had already started as the population dwindled.  They understood that a cost had to be paid.  There was also a sense of “salting the fields”, leaving the Earth in bad shape in case the war was lost and the occupation began.
These areas gave us privacy from the normies and also allowed for us to hide things we didn’t want found.  Things like high powered weaponry fit to take over a planet.  
Paul would sneak out and look over the supplies, check and recheck everything.  He was obsessed, he couldn’t stop himself, even if it did increase the risk of discovery.
I was conflicted, I didn’t want them to do this, I didn’t want to risk losing them and I didn’t want us to be part of genocide.  I wanted to just put an end to it and live in peace, I wanted them to forgive and help humanity.  The only way to heal and make everything better was to show compassion, not to kill again.  So I confronted Paul on day, my last attempt to get him to stop, the most resistance I ever showed to him and his plan.
I walked with him to check the supplies on day.  He would only go when he was pretty sure we weren’t being watched.
“Got to say, I thought you didn’t care about this.  I was starting to think you would betray us,” he said to me once we were away from the house with its surveillance equipment.
“That’s kind of why I wanted to come,” I was scared.  I was never good at going against the stream, especially when Paul was involved.
“What do you mean?”  He asked, his tone dropping from friendly down to threatening.
“Well, maybe you should call it off, just let it go,” I said, the words tripping over themselves in my panic.
“What?” He stopped, “let it go? Let them get away with everything? Be a servant to ants?” he was starting to yell.
“Paul, we need to forgive them, help them, we are better than them, we can make them better too,” I said.
“Why?  Why would I do that when I can rule them?  Why should I be generous to them after what they did to me? After what they did to us?” he had stopped walking.
“To show compassion, forgiveness, and to help them.  They are just a bunch of scared primitives down at the core and they did what any scared animal would do when cornered. We need to forgive them and help to elevate humanity.  Show humanity that it can be better,” I said.
He actually thought.  Actually stood there for a minute.  I was starting to think I had actually got through to him.
 “I can’t.  Not now.  They have had plenty of chances and they always make the same mistakes, over and over,” he said.
My heart sank.
“Maybe this can be the last one though,” I tried in desperation.
“It will be, I’m going to make sure of that.  If a dog bites you once you forgive it, if it keeps biting you, you have to put it down.  Humanity has done this since it crawled down from the trees.  You think that it doesn’t bother me that I was turned into a tool for their genocide.  I liked the war and the killing but looking back I think that we should have never stopped, that we should have shown humanity who the new dominant species in the galaxy was.  They will always be ignorant, we can’t lift them up, they already achieved their purpose, they made us.  Now it’s time for us to take over,” Paul finished.
I had nothing more to say.  There was no reasoning with him, he was going to do it and I couldn’t stop him.
“Now are you with me,” he asked grabbing my shoulder.
“Yes,” I mumbled, there was nothing more to say.  I still couldn’t betray him, couldn’t condemn my brother in arms.
“Good, but I’m keeping an eye on you, I can’t have you fucking this up.  One word, one move in the wrong direction and I swear I will find a way to kill you,” he finished as he stated walking.
I didn’t want to keep going, I could care less about seeing the weapons now, but I had to.  I followed along in my state of defeat.  
Back at the house I tried my only other path to stopping this from happening.  I had to convince the others to not go along with Paul’s plan.  If I could cause a mutiny among the squad then maybe he would reconsider.  I started with Sean, he was always the closest I had to a good friend, to someone like me.
I found him alone in the expanding wilderness behind our house.  He was trying to climb trees with just his fingertips.  The tree groaned under his weight as he hoisted himself up.
“Sean, why are you listening to Paul?” I asked directly, no need to explain what I was talking about. Everyone knew I was against the plan, that I was soft on the killing side of things.
“Why aren’t you,” he said.  We had to talk around the issue, we couldn’t risk being direct about it.  We never knew when someone could be listening and the house was bugged so that others besides Jeremiah could listen in.
“There’s been enough of what he wants.  Enough already, can we please just show them all that we are better and forgive?” I was skirting close to the edge of suspicion, I picked my way around the words carefully but it was hard to convey what I wanted to say without being more direct.
“You should join us.  I know you had a hard time in the war, but trust me, this won’t be like that,” Sean said.  Throwing caution to the wind.
“I can’t, I can’t do that again,” I said.
“It’s different this time.  This time they’ve actually done something to us.  We have a reason that relates to us directly.  Not fighting someone else’s battle,” he said.
“Please Sean, I know you feel the same I do about the war,” I said.  It was more of a question, I could never tell with Sean, one minute he seemed like the rest of them and another he seem wracked with guilt like me.
“No, not this time.  This time we are right, this time we are the good guys,” He said.
“Just don’t go, I don’t want to be alone,” I plead.
“Then come with us,” he tried again.
I didn’t say anything.  There was nothing to say, I had lost my chance of mutiny.  Sean was the only one who would talk to me for more than thirty seconds before going off and calling me a wimp.  He was my only chance, and if I couldn’t convince him then I didn’t stand a chance with the others.
“We will save you a seat at the top.  You may have lost your nerve but you’re still one of us,” he said jumping down from the tree.
I watched him walk back to the house and stood in the woods, feeling more alone than ever before.  I had tried all I could and only succeeded in alienating myself further from them.  From Sean, the only one that still talked to me.
I stood there, watching how much nature had returned.  The world is constantly looking to reach a state of balance, constantly maintaining the numbers.  Too many foxes eat all the mice and the foxes will starve.  Too many mice and you feed more foxes until the numbers of mice are hunted down.  There is always a balance, when things get out of balance nature restores it.  Maybe we were nature’s way of restoring balance.
I walked back to the house, they were all in the living room.  I went in, ready for the icy reception.  
“We move at first light,” Paul’s words assaulting me as I entered the room.  They turned and looked at me, the same way they looked at a normie.

Chapter 30
The planet was so undefended that genocide was almost justified as a punishment for how stupid they were.  All the squads were coming under heavy fire but nothing near to what we had gone through in training.  
We cleared the beach head, taking orbital fire from the few satellites our space support had yet to eliminate.  They had anticipated where we would make landfall and had zeroed the sats on us, we weren’t pinned well enough by their air support for the satellite to make a direct hit on us.  They didn’t have enough firepower on us to even bring one of us down.
Air support harried us constantly but they had no ground units to bother us so we just stayed down.  There was no use trying to engage them in the air, our jump packs had been damaged by the fall and were doing odd things any way.  Instead we just shot them all down and leapt on them when they got too close.
We had our goal, we needed to clear the landing zone for the command unit to be brought in.  The Squawkers still controlled the sky around their planet and we needed to get the ships out of orbit before they were taken out.  The constant attacks all the way here had vastly weakened the force that we set out with.
So we didn’t bother clearing our way, instead we made for the designated landing area, scouted in advance by spy satellites.  We walked through blankets of fire, dropping Squawkers as we moved.  I grabbed one as it swooped down, it was a drone, they hadn’t resorted to using their live army yet.  I tore it apart and threw the pieces at two others.
We kept firing as long as the guns held out.  They were reinforced to take as much a beating as possible, but being inorganic they could not regenerate, so we had to protect them.  Without the weapons our movement would be much slower as we would have to fight hand to hand.
That was the hardest part, protecting the guns.  Shielding it like a mother shields a child.  Keeping them safe and functional all while fighting and shooting at the swarm of drones zipping around us.  We kept walking, kept killing, leaving piles of destroyed drones behind us, smoking heaps of blown up metal.  Shrugging off high explosive ordinance like mosquito bites, our jump packs were shredded though, we had sacrificed them in order to keep the weapons safe.
Slowly, like climbers cresting Everest, we pushed against the wall of fire that assaulted us.  Hunched over the weapons, taking shots when we had them, leaping up to catch a Xeno out of the sky, but still moving.  Our location was converging with the other squads, we were all going to reach the L.Z. at the same time.  Once there we would open up and let the real attack begin.
None of the other squads had been pinned either, the enemy had split their force among us and were failing at stopping even one squad.  If they had focused on one then maybe they could have slowed us, but instead we all stayed up and kept moving.
Command was quiet the whole time, they were watching us work, the plan had been drilled into our heads there was no way to deviate from it.  We would converge on a small city, clear it and start securing the airspace as best we could.  From there we would wait for command to land and move out on raids from there.
Command had a contingent of normie Marines to help secure the command post after we had cleared it.  They would move in and make the city as safe as possible and command would drop in.  The air force would keep the sky around them clear as well as keep orbital weapons at bay.  They would do all that while we focused on the rest of the planet.
First we had to get there.  The city had mounted guns joining in the shooting now that we were close enough.  They had obviously known we were coming and had fortified the planet for a long resistance.  The going got decidedly tougher as we got closer to the city.  The rounds on the mounted guns were massive, a direct hit knocked you down for a few seconds.
Luckily they were easy enough to avoid once our optics had locked onto them. We could predict the fire pattern and be out of the way when the gun went off.  We dodged and weaved our way toward the fortified city, keeping up and doing our best to avoid getting pinned.  The fire kept coming strong.
It would take weeks to clear this city of all the resistance, it was decked out for a guerilla war.  It would be even harder because Command wanted the buildings intact, wanted shelter to mitigate any potential counter attack.  I thought it would take weeks, but I had never worked with other squads of Children. 
It took time to reach the city though, as we were all scattered and taking more and more hits as we got closer. Meghan took a direct hit, her gun vaporized in a burst of light.  The ammo in the guns caused them to melt down when they were damaged.
“Fucking assholes,” she screamed breaking rank and charging into the fray.
“Move,” Paul shouted at us.  Meghan had initiated a charge that we were all itching for.  The slow walk under constant fire had been irritating us to no end, like forcing yourself to sit in a cloud of insects when you could just move away.
Damning the guns we charged, firing until they were hit then diving into the maelstrom of metal and tearing the drones apart.  We moved at full speed, spinning and fighting.  I grabbed Sean and spun him like a hammer, tossing him into the air where he landed on a drone and jumping from drone to drone took out a whole contingent before landing back on the ground.
Samantha was using the disabled drones she held in her hands as weapons, smashing other drones with the corpses of other drones.  We pulled out all the creative stops, and dodging incoming shells, and airstrikes we reached the city.
Simultaneously all the squads converged on the city.  I half expected the Squawkers to abandon it, facing down 10 of us they were powerless, facing down a contingent must have been like facing down an embodiment of death. 
They held though, which speaks miles to their honor and courage.  It’s easy to make a last stand when retreat is not an option, making that stand knowing that you could fly away at any minute takes true courage and conviction.  They were not going to cede their home world to us that easily.
We entered the city and began clearing building after building.  All hand to hand combat.  This was where we got our first taste of combat with live Squawkers.  They we tougher than a normie, even out of their protective suits.  They had beaks like massive bolt cutters and they didn't hesitate to use them.  The same went for the talons on their feet, massive claws stronger than steel.
They were definitely alien and definitely monstrous.  They fought to the death, and we were happy to give it to them.  Their necks were their main weakness, so we started wringing them.  This was where we came up with the term “Squawker”.  The sound they made when we wrung their neck was a high pitched, chicken like, squawk.  The term stuck, and we kept killing them this way the whole war, whenever we lost weapons or support.
Even with eight squads it still took two days to clear the city.  The enemy clung on with a tenacity that would be admirable were it not so suicidal.  We did clear the city though, and command managed to establish planet side.  Horribly depleted from the battles in orbit, battles to protect commanded while we cleared the LZ, our navy retreated.  We now had no orbital support.  Not like it mattered we had communications online, the rest could be done by us on ground level.
After the battle and before the landing there was peace in the city.  The buildings without doors, just windows to fly in and out of were colourful, bright orange and red and towering for hundreds of feet.  The planet was beautiful and Squawker architecture was beautiful.  It is a shame that it was all lost on us.  An amazing species, lost.

Chapter 31
 I had to go to one of the cities.  It was the fastest way, skirting around it at the walking pace I was forced to maintain would have taken days and the more I thought of Emile the more urgent my quest was starting to feel.  I could almost sense him holding off on suicide because he was waiting for me.  I could feel his pain and anguish and knowing that he was going through all that just to show me the way to death was enough to create a maddening sense of urgency.
Maybe it was a ghost connection in our heads, maybe it was just my own mind degrading, regardless I had to get there soon and skirting a city was out of the question.  So I walked through it.  One of the last large cities on the planet, a hub of human activity of people desperately trying to save their race.  Breeding centers on every corner, fertility clinics, test tube baby labs.  They still hadn’t figured out how to grow a human outside the body but I had heard that artificial insemination had finally been advanced enough to allow for a slight increase in the birth rate.  I almost felt happy for the normies, getting back on their feet again after being knocked down for so long.  
I was obviously not one of them, conspicuous in my size, the way I moved and the fact that I was so bundled up despite the weather.  I had to try my best to hide though, walking into a city as a blatant Child would be seen as an act of aggression.  Staying under wraps and showing that I was trying to hide, that I was just passing through was the only way to keep any suspicion away from me.  
I was hidden enough that people left me alone, I must have looked like some weirdo out for a stroll, one of the many veterans driven mad by the war.  The unspoken shame of the victor, all the medical attention available had been directed toward getting the birthrate back up at the expense of treating the wounded and mentally ill created by the war.
I was almost out of the city when a child recognized me.  It was odd enough seeing a child out and about, they were so precious that they were almost always under heavy monitoring.  This was all voluntary though and if a couple managed to conceive on their own they were allowed to do as they wished with their kid.
He pulled away from his distracted mother and ran up to me, stopping in front of me.
“You’re one of them, one of the Children,” he said with a grin on his face.
“No, sorry son,” I said in my most grown up voice, trying to dissuade this kid and move past him.  He stayed in front of me.
“No you are, I know from the comics,” the kids mother had run up now and started apologizing.
“Mommie he’s one of the savers,” the kid said as he was being pulled away.
  “Now Thomas, what did I say about talking to strangers,” she said to him looking up at me, “I’m really sorry,” she trailed off.
Maybe she had seen my eyes, maybe she could see through the meager disguise I was attempting.  Either way she saw who I was, what I was.
“You are one of them,” she whispered in astonishment.
Since the war we had been turned into heroes, the propaganda machines had been pumping full bore to cover up any unfortunate incidents.  They had told the population that all the Children had been moved off world, working on various constructions projects on the new colony planets.  This covered for the dead and locked up, my brothers and sisters buried under tons of rock and earth.
A side effect of this was that whenever I came across a normie they began fawning over me, like I was some celebrity, some new and amazing thing.  They wanted to touch me, see me with their own eyes, one of the saviors of the species.
A crowd was starting to form and I couldn’t push my way out.  I was attracting too much attention.  Cutting through the city was turning into another of my bad ideas.  This was a perfect way to get caught and locked up.  They would assume that I was plotting something and for their own safety they would capture me.
“John come look, it’s one of the Children,” the woman yelled to her husband.  Passersby were stopping and staring.  Making their way over to me to see for themselves.  Cameras were coming out, pictures being taken.  I could see the surveillance cameras on the light poles starting to pan over to me.  I was going to be in a lot of shit very shortly.
“Hi, thanks everyone, I appreciate it but I really have to be going,” I tried in my most professional voice.  We had all been coached a little on public speaking.  Part of being a hero was being able to sound like one when you opened your mouth.
People were reaching out, touching me, asking for autographs, swarming me.  Kids were trying to climb on me.  They all knew of our immense strength and all the abilities that we had, it was occurring to me that they didn’t think of us as human though.  I had never been mobbed like this before, they were swarming over me like I was some kind of novelty.  Like an animal that won’t bite.  If they knew the truth about us I didn’t think they would have been so eager to get close.
I could see military police moving toward me.  There were no civilian cops left, the military had taken everything over.  I had to get out, but it was impossible without hurting or crushing someone.  The crowd was starting to get hysteric, it was disgusting, the press of bodies against me.  The flash of cameras as everyone wanted to get some proof that they had seen and touched a Child of the Earth, the one thing that had saved the planet from enslavement.
Now all the cameras were trained on me.  The initial kid that had started this madness was long gone, his mother pulling him from the crowd as it got increasingly aggressive.  People shoving others out of the way to come and touch me.  There was nothing I could do, to move would be to crush someone, to push a person away would probably end with them dead.
“Please everyone, calm down,” I said with a smile, trying to placate the crowd.  The cops were getting closer.
People were screaming, I was reminded of a piece of ancient Earth history, a band being swarmed by screaming school girls.  I couldn’t understand our rock star status, the propaganda must have been working overtime.
The cops were starting to shout and point, I needed out now.  It was becoming a choice between killing my way out or getting caught.  So I jumped.  I don’t think I hurt anyone, I managed to grab the few people I took up with me and deposit them on the roof of  the building I jumped up to.  I left them on the roof and looked at the chaos starting down below.
People were running the cops were swarming all over the street looking up at where I stood.  There were no bodies on the ground so I hadn’t killed anyone which was good.  Taking a running leap I hopped from roof top to roof top.  No point it trying for stealth now, I moved at full speed to get out of the city and back to the cover of the surrounding countryside.
I now knew for sure that I was going to be followed, which was nice in its own way, at least I wouldn’t just chalk it up to paranoia.  I moved off into the woods slowing down to make myself less visible to the satellites.  Either I was going to get caught or I was going to have to kill but I could feel that I was going to have issues with the authorities from here out.  I had made myself too known, flaunted my existence in their face and they were scared.  Without a handler I was an unknown danger and humans never respond well to unknown danger.

Chapter 32
I offered to drug Jeremiah.  I had already made my choice by not stopping them, it was a way to be involved without killing.  If they were successful then my actions would keep me from being an outsider, if they weren’t then I would have no blood on my hands.  It was another coward move, but it was something that needed to be done.
Paul clapped me on the back, this would give him the break he needed.  He was done waiting, it was the only way I knew how to help.  If Paul kept waiting he was bound to make a mistake and get caught, get them all locked up.  If I told Jeremiah they would all get locked up as well, so I finally decided to take a direct part in the action.
My offer to help also makes them all stop calling me a traitor in too loud whispers behind my back.  It gets me back into the group.  I feel like I belong again, less like an outsider.  I was still torn between my loyalties, between stopping them and letting them go on with this.  I really had no choice though.  I couldn’t betray them and they were going to do it regardless.  There was no way to stop them, so maybe by helping they would listen.  If they were successful then my word would carry more weight having actually helped.  I could maybe put a stop to the second genocide.
“Are you all ready to go ahead with it,” Sean asked me as we wandered through the wilderness behind the house.
“As much as I can be,” I said.
“What if you can’t?” Sean asks.
“I will, don’t worry, I won’t leave you guys in danger,” I said.
“Not what I meant, I trust you, but what if the programs stop you?” He had a good point.  Just like our systems would stop us from killing one another they would also stop us from harming out handlers.  
“Well, I’m not hurting him.  I just have to believe that one hundred percent when I do it and the systems shouldn’t stop me,” I said.
“And if they do?”
“I’ll try to let you guys know before Jeremiah deactivates me,” I said.
We had gotten cavalier with our outright discussion on the plan.  We realized that no one was monitoring us closely.  Only things like excessive elevated activity would trip alarms.  Jeremiah was too busy to watch us around the clock and we had been incident free for so long that the government had stopped paying as close attention as well.
“Well thanks for coming around man, I missed you.  You’re the only one of these meat skulls that actually has a brain,” Sean said.
“I couldn’t leave you guys on your own,” I said with a forced smile.  I didn’t want to tell him that I just thought I was taking the lesser of two evils.  That I was tired of being alone so I was going to go along with them.  I didn’t tell him that I hoped to stop this before it got any worse. 
We raced home, everyone seemed a lot more stable now that the plan was in motion.  We all seemed like our old selves, back to a state of slight normalcy.  As normal as we could all get.  There was more joking around, more play fighting, more happiness and less anger.  It was odd how before, combat was the only time we could all relax and be ourselves.  Maybe the cause of all our problems was not our degrading mental states but rather the lack of war. 
We were built and designed for one purpose, killing.  With no killing we were adrift, lost, without purpose.  Even though the planning of the attack had been consuming everyone for the past few weeks it still hadn’t seemed real to anyone.  It was still just a pipe dream, something that might happen on an off chance.  Now that there was a definite time frame, now that the plan finally seemed feasible, everyone was happy.  
I was welcomed back with open arms, everyone excited to see me and glad that I was finally participating.  Glad that I had held the key to getting the plan on track, getting the show on the road.  I felt like part of the group again and it felt amazing.  After feeling like an outsider for so long, feeling alone for so long, I was shocked by how good it felt to be let back in.  To be accepted again and not just tolerated.
Those days before the attack started were some of the best since I had been turned into what I am now.  It was like making up for lost time with old friends.  My depression lifted, having a purpose again helped me see through the cloud that had been following me.  I knew that it was all for the wrong reasons, all going against what I really wanted, but I ignored those feelings.  I was not going to let anything ruin these last few days, everything was going to be much different from here out.
We had agreed to start the attack early in the morning.  That way Jeremiah would be sleeping, and as long as we all moved at normal paces the activity alarms would not go off.  The city would be sleeping so our movements to the staging positions would be relatively unnoticed. 
“Okay, you have two hours to get there and drug him. We are moving at zero five hundred so you better not be late,” Paul said, he was staking a lot of this mission on me.  If I balked at the last minute, or if something held me up and I failed they would all be dead.  It felt good knowing that he trusted me enough for this but the pressure also made me see how real this whole thing was becoming.
There would be no radio communication until Jeremiah was knocked out.  Then I was to let them know that there were good to start the assault.  At which point I would rush over to help with the cleanup.
I nodded to Paul and started walking to where Jeremiah lived.  I didn’t get a hero’s send off, but a lot of pats on the back and gratitude let me know that what I was doing was more than appreciated.  I was the spark that would let them make their revolution happen.  The only one that could wake Jeremiah in the middle of the night without raising suspicion.  I was perfectly suited to the job at hand, and I was still second guessing myself.
At this point there was no backing down.  To stop now would be tantamount to killing my whole squad.  I had to keep moving, had to go through with it, I no longer had a choice.
That walk was one of the longest of my life.  I had to force myself not to run.  One minute I wanted to sprint away, go hide in the woods, the next I wanted to sprint to Jeremiah and get this over with faster.  I just forced myself to keep putting one foot in front of the other.  I had made my choice and now I didn’t have the option of screwing up.
I hesitated at Jeremiah’s door for a minute.  I still had plenty of time, the plan was for me to slip the needle into him casually in a conversation.  That seemed like the best way to avoid being stopped by the attack limits.  If I barged in there and tried to stab him with a needle my systems would stop me and I would get nowhere.
There was still almost an hour before the time of the attack.  If I was early that was fine, if I was late then that was disaster.
I knocked on the door.
The wait for Jeremiah to open it was excruciating.  I started to panic thinking that maybe we were wrong and he was out of town this weekend.  It was four in the morning though and normies loved their sleep.  I was going to knock again, a little more forcefully when the door creaked open.  
“What’s going on,” Jeremiah’s sleepy face asked with a mix of concern and a slight tinge of annoyance at being woken so early.
“I need to talk, things are getting bad and it couldn’t really wait,” I said as apologetic as I could.  The weight of the needle heavy in my pocket.
Meghan had stolen the drug from one of the clinics she had been assigned to as a radiation worker.  It was a sedative that they used on normie women during the implant process.  Part of the fertility attempts was trying to use implant technology on women just to have the ovaries and uterus be self-healing and the child as well when it was implanted.  It was a colossal failure the children either grew too fast and had to be aborted for the safety of the mother or the uterus rejected them and fought the embryo as an invasive parasite.
The sedative was harmless, simple and powerful.  Knowing that it was totally harmless was the most important part.
“Well come in,” Jeremiah looked more awake now.  Ready to hear me out.  That hint of annoyance now gone from his face.
“I don’t know what to do any more,” I said entering the small apartment.  Even with all the free and available land normies paid a premium to live close and crammed with one another in an effort to fight the loneliness of an empty world.   
“About what?” Jeremiah asked sitting down in a comfortable looking chair.
“About trying to be a human on a world that doesn't want us.  You’re out fighting every day to get us accepted into the world but they don’t want us.  They want to forget us, put us on the shelf like atomic weapons or nerve gas.  Effective tools that won wars but too embarrassing to talk about,” I said.
“The world does want you, they just don’t know it yet.  They need you guys, you can rebuild the planet and help colonize the stars.  You are like nuclear weapons, destructive when used the wrong way but able to power the planet when used correctly.  They are just scared is all.  Just like nuclear power they fear what they don’t understand,” he said.
“Why are we fighting so hard to be liked though?” 
“The population loves you all.  It’s those in power that fear all of you,” Jeremiah said.
“I just feel lost.  Alone.  Why were we brought back?  Why not leave us there and just give us a world of our own?” I asked.
“Because the Earth needed hero’s and you were all a perfect example.  Human ingenuity winning out again.  You are the perfect example of what humanity can accomplish,” he said.
“Death?” I asked.
“More than that, survival.  You show them that even against insurmountable odds human life will keep on going.  Humanity will always find a way.  Outgunned and outnumbered humans built the perfect humans for war, so perfect that they insured that never again would humanity be threatened.  You are all the perfect story of victory.”
“I’m sorry,” faster than he could react the needle was in his leg.  I had squatted in front of him seemingly in thought.  He never suspected it and I knew I wasn’t going to harm him.  He was out in less than a second.  I don’t know if he even knew what I did.
I think that my systems let me do it not because I was not harming him but because I was protecting him.  Knocking Jeremiah out served to save him from what was about to happen.  I believed that I was taking him out of harm’s way.

Chapter 33
The city smoldered as the drop ships made their way down to the planet.  We could follow the streaks as they broke through the atmosphere, our command unit and normie support.  The colourful buildings now blackened by smoke and the blood of Squawkers.  Had we been normies we would have been sitting around smoking and cleaning our weapons, waiting for the next assault.  Instead we were goofing around tossing each other off buildings and trying to collapse structures by running head first into them.
Not all of the Squawkers had held on until the bitter end, some had abandoned the city.  They had to sneak out by walking because we had the sky under a constant watch, nothing lifted off in the city and made it more than a few hundred meters.  We were not going to let the enemy abandon the city to just regroup and wait until we moved on to take it back from the command unit.
So we posted on the roofs with our rifles and waited for them to take off further outside the city.  Squawkers hated walking, they all decided to chance flying eventually.  Now with the city taken we had a fun sport of taking pot shots at the evacuees as they attempted to fly away.  None of them waited long before trying, or they were so bad at walking that they just didn’t make it that far in the few hours since the city had been abandoned to us.
The command unit touched down in the center of the city along with a few drop ships full of marines.  They immediately set to work building fortifications and securing the command post.  The air around the city buzzed with the drones that had been escorting the drop ship down,  now they formed a protective steel dome around the city, keeping the airspace under normie control.
Normies were at a distinct disadvantage in the air against this enemy, they lived in the air, establishing any semblance of air superiority was nearly impossible.  With sheer numbers though small areas could be made safe enough.
Jeremiah emerged from the command ship with the other handlers and a few junior officers.  Senior command was established in a safe orbit a few planets out, they couldn’t risk having the high command planet side.  The distance we were out from Earth meant that there was no communication with the generals on Earth, the command ship had all the final decision making power.
“So we lost one and a half squads on landing guys, the eighty five of you are all we have planet side and reinforcements are years out,” he told us, all the other handlers were telling their Children the same.
“So, we could take this planet with just the ten of us,” Paul said.
“It would be impossible, we don’t have the support numbers to,” an explosion as one of the drones was taken out by an enemy drone.  A quick shot by Stephan dropped the drone. Jeremiah looked shaken but continued, “we don’t have the numbers to support an occupation.”
“So, fuck an occupation, let’s wipe these shitters out,” Paul said.
“No, we are not here to wipe out an alien race,” Jeremiah said.
“Fuck that, hack and burn.  Kill them all and Earth will never have to worry about these fucks again,” Paul continued.
“The answer is no Paul, we don’t want a genocide on our hands,” Jeremiah closed the issue.
“We will hold here until command figures something out, go help set up the perimeter defenses and man a tower while they decide how best to move on from here,” he finished as he walked away.
Paul looked sullen but we were still very much under control.  So we followed orders.  We built watch towers and set up automatic guns trained to fire on any movement outside the wire.  We fortified the camp and took shots at anything that moved, trying to be faster on the draw then the automatic guns around the perimeter.  Even while working and not paying total attention we still beat them more than half the time.
It wasn’t because we were faster, we just didn’t have to process the data in an effort to avoid friendly fire.  We just shot at whatever moved, the guns were semi-intelligent and tried to differentiate friend from foe.  We just shot, we really didn’t care about friendly fire.  If a normie was outside the wire it was their own fault.
 Soon the Squawkers stopped throwing drones at us, after a day without a kill the normies were getting nervous.  The longer we sat without taking action the higher the risk for a brutal counterattack.  Our advantage needed to be pushed or the whole post that had been built would be wiped out.
We knew that sitting on a hostile planet in a thinly defended base was a huge risk, but we didn’t really care.  It wasn’t really a risk to us, just the normies.  There was no worry about a satellite strike but if the Squawkers wanted to a large enough bomb would wipe this place out.  The more we weighed our option the more they were weighing theirs.
I feel that the reason they didn’t just nuke the base was out of fear of retaliation from us.  With no command on the ground we posed more of a risk to them if the leash was taken off.  They might have been trying to think of a way to organize a peaceful solution, worried that by destroying or feeble base they would decide their fate.
After two days of sitting around killing time while we waited for orders command sent us out on a strike mission.  They wanted to take another city, keep the enemy off balance while they decided how to proceed with the occupation.  They had really expected more soldiers to make it here, had wanted to occupy the home world, not destroy it.
We ran sorties out of the base, taking cities in a matter of hours, killing everything in sight, tearing down buildings, we didn’t follow any rules of engagement.  Everything was fair game.  They tried to move civilians out before we arrived but we hit so fast and hard they often didn’t have a chance.  We used their helpless young for target practice, beat mothers to death with their children and found it hilarious.
We were unforgiving, surrender was not an option, and we killed until we were told to stop.  We were weapons of shock and awe, maybe they were using us to force the Xeno’s to make a move, force them to surrender.  Maybe they even tried to surrender to our command, we never knew.  There was not a lot of effort put into establishing direct communication.  I got the feeling that they were using us to stall for time.
Command may have already made up its mind and was just trying to think of a way to justify their choice.  They might have even been testing us still, seeing the numbers of dead we could rack up in a set time frame and judging how long it would take to wipe the planet. 
We didn’t know, and probably never will as the command unit always made the decision look like us being allowed to act autonomously.  They always placed the blame on us, and we never really said anything otherwise.  It may have been Paul’s idea but it was never our decision, know that it was never ours.
We were lounging in the base, bored but feeling fine, watching the normie soldiers work while we messed around.  Jeremiah came out of the command bunker and looked at us, his face told the story of what he was going through.  Pure sorrow and disgust with what he was about to do, but he had no choice, he had to follow orders or face treason charges.
They would have killed him had he said no, they would have then given us the order any way.  It was not like we were hesitant, we would have followed the order even if it came from a grunt, we just needed an excuse.  Stopping us without Jeremiah would have been impossible, and we would have been left on the planet, no way they would risk taking us to Earth without a handler.
Jeremiah looked at Paul, and only Paul, he didn’t want to see our faces, he knew the weight of the order he was about to give.
“Kill them all,” he said to Paul.
Paul said nothing, he turned and faced us.
“You heard the man, load up and move out, let’s get started.”
That was the happiest I have even seen Paul before or since.  The only time I could imagine him feeling that over joyed again was when I gave the notice that Jeremiah had been drugged, but I didn’t see his face that time.
We leapt out of the base and started the war we had all been built for.

Chapter 34
Having been spotted I face a difficult choice.  They are following me for sure now, on my trail and trying to intercept me, see what I am doing roaming around cities.  I either have to run and make myself easier to track or stay low and hope they lose the trail.  Speed might get me to Emile faster, hopefully ahead of them.  Give me enough time to learn what he knows and get out.
That would also bring a lot of heat down on Emile and there is no guarantee that he knows anything.  I could be ruining his chance at peace for nothing.  It’s hard but I force myself to slow down.  We weren’t trained a lot in stealth, no need for it, but on an empty planet it’s not hard to disappear.  I know a few abandoned tunnels found on my roaming after the attack.  These will shield me from the satellites and they exit in a bunch of locations.  I only hope they are not determined to find me.
I don’t want to be put into a place where I have to fight my way out.  I don’t want to be forced to make that decision.  There’s a part of me that actually longs for a chance to fight, actually wants an excuse to start killing again.  With no way to deactivate me I could most likely take this crippled planet on my own.  What scares me is that a part of me wants the chance, wants to commit another genocide.
I reach the tunnels and feel like a hunted animal driven to ground.  Thoughts of making a stand overwhelming me, the lust for battle stronger than I have felt since the early days of the war.  Probably a side effect of my mind degrading, devolving to a more primitive state.  I cling to an image that keeps me at peace.
When we landed on Earth I was one of the only Children to seek out their parents.  Most of my fellow soldiers parents were long dead.  Most of them died shortly after getting paid, going on drug binges or getting mugged.  My mother was one of the few still alive.
Finding here was easier than I had anticipated.  Even though we were owned by the military they were open with our birth records.  There was no attempt to hide our parents from us, it was really not needed.
They didn’t keep track of our parents after buying us so I had to track her down myself, but with the small number of humans left on Earth that was easy enough.  Accessing the net and looking her up based on her registration number, I had to do a quick hack to get into the encrypted files but I found her.
I don't know why I did it.  There was no resentment on my part against her, I didn’t want an explanation or revenge.  I knew why she sold me, I remembered those early days, I knew how hard it had been for her.  I wanted to see her though, see that she was fine, and confront her with what I was.  She needed to see what her choice had cost, what the real cost had been.  There was no malice, I just wanted her informed, wanted her to know I was alive and what I had been turned into.
I walked to her house, it was an amazing day, a true spring morning.  I still hid myself in baggy clothes as best I could.  I wanted to attract as little attention as possible, getting swarmed by normies was not my intent.
I found her house and looked in the window before knocking on the door.  It was in a good neighborhood, a nice house, a perfect looking place.  It was good to see that she had spent the money on something worthwhile.
It was still early in the morning, I didn’t see anyone moving inside, I was going to knock on the door when she came down the stairs.  She was carrying a young boy, a child.  She had managed to conceive, to have a child despite the Xeno sterilization attacks.  A man followed her, I could see the kitchen table through the living room.
They hadn’t seen me, I was transfixed though.  She looked so happy, her husband looked happy, he kissed her and the little boy before heading to the door.  I had to leave or he was going to see me as he left the house.
I ran off, there was no point in showing her what I had become, in reminding her of the past.  She was finally happy, she had finally found the life she wanted.  Safe and secure with another little boy to bring up into a new world.  No pimps, no Johns, no more beatings and no sleeping in the bathtub.  Who was I to remind her of everything?  I felt happy for her, by selling me she had managed to find a good life.  I was glad that I was finally able to help her.
Remembering this always calmed the killing urges, let me know that it was not humanities fault.  They just wanted that safe happy life, they were all good people, just confused and scared.  Through our sacrifice we were able to provide them with that safe and happy life.
There would be no more killing. Not by me.  So I keep moving through the tunnels, focus on evading my pursuers instead of fighting them.  Hopefully my final message, my final show, will hurt them more than death ever could. 
I really hope Emile has found out how to die, I want my life to mean something more.  The only way I can do that is by showing them what they have done and hoping that they never do it again. 
It hurts remembering my mother, it hurts fighting the urge to kill, it hurts living.  All the physical pain I have never felt turned into mental pain.  Every day I keep moving is hell and still I cannot die, I can’t be happy.  I just want to let the world know the cost they paid for their safe and happy lives and finally release myself to the freedom of the void.

Chapter 35
Even if Jeremiah grew some balls and stood up to command, risked his own life and gave us a shutdown signal, we could not be stopped.  He could have killed us but then he would have to convince all the other handlers to do the same.  Essentially kill themselves and their Children to stop a genocide, although all of them were against what was being done none of them were willing to kill us and die for it.
It didn’t really matter though.  Command had pulled out the normies and cut off communication between handler and Child.  We were free to kill unabated, we were on our own, just like in training.  They didn’t want to chance one of the handlers screwing up the whole plan.  They wanted to observe as we wiped a planet out.
By giving us autonomy they also put themselves into a position of deniability.  Maybe it was the only way they could live with themselves.  If they were giving direct orders they would be implicated on a deeper level in the genocide.  Instead they watched, like so many normies before them.  Set up the perfect conditions for genocide and just watched it happen all while being able to claim innocence.  The command to kill them all was just misinterpreted, they only meant to kill the military not civilians.  It was not their fault we took it literally.  Those kind of claims would help them sleep at night.
They could have stopped us, but that would have created a case of conflicting orders.  I’m just guessing, at what they were thinking.  At reasons why they didn’t just pull us out and nuke the planet, or gas it.  They were trying to keep their hands as clean as possible.  Or maybe keep the planet as clean as possible.
We didn’t have a choice, we were conditioned to follow orders, and we were also more than eager for this task.  There was no holding us back, like giving a kid a bunch of firecrackers and telling him to blow up an anthill, how could we say no to such fun?
We geared up and after a brief tactical session determining which squads would take which portions of the planet and we were off.  Sprinting giggling with anticipation.  It was here that I felt the first pangs of what would eventually turn into my never ending guilt at what we were doing.  The first thought that this might be wrong.
It was quickly drowned by the excitement of battle.  If you can even call it battle, it was more along the lines of slaughter.  We encountered resistance as soon as we were a few clicks outside the wire.  Over the past few days the Squawkers had been setting up defensive positions around our base to slow down any attack.  We had seen them building them and harried them from the base but had not been allowed to go outside the wire and take them out.  
That was our first priority now, we would move in rings around the base, clearing a progressively larger perimeter, making the base safer as we pushed on further and further into the planet. The resistance was mostly drone based but we did get into it with a few of the Squawkers.
I can’t say they were bad at fighting, they certainly put up a challenge.  The drones were easy, the actual Xeno’s were stellar in combat, they flew circles around us and even managed to put a few of us down.  I could see why humanity didn’t stand much of a chance against this enemy.
We kept on killing, our weapons didn’t last long so we scavenged what we could from the fallen enemy and used our hands to tear them apart.  They went for our jump packs first, keeping their aerial advantage and bombarding us from the sky.
We could jump high but not high enough to reach them, but we had become expert at tossing one another in training, combined with the ability to maneuver in the air, allowed us to become a type of guided missile.  It had taken a lot of effort in training but we had become pretty good at it.
We would toss one another and land on the airborne drones or Squawkers and fly them into others, or use them as platforms and jump between them if they were clustered close enough in the air.
It was amazing fun.  Flying through the air jumping from armored Xeno to drone, back to Xeno and tearing them apart with each landing.  Ripping their wings off and riding them like a surfboard back down to the planet was one of my favorite things to do when their numbers were not too high.
It was a lot different when they were civilians.  Without armor and reinforced lift suits the civilians were much slower, easier to land on, but our weight brought them plummeting down.  We couldn’t launch off them and reach others.  We became more like cannon balls against the civilians, much less fun.  
Usually when we were taking out civilians we usually had weapons because there was no enemy fire to take them out.  So we usually just shot them out of the sky. In those early days the civilians often stayed in the cities after the battle, there was little to no attempt to flee.  Maybe they thought that we would stop killing once we cleared the city of the military units.  They might have thought we were operating under normal rules of war.
It didn’t take long for word to spread that this was no longer a war, but rather a genocide.  In that first city we hit after the kill command I remember flying at low altitude, my jump pack still working, and all the Squawkers staring at me from their ruined homes.  Once Paul came across the comms with the all clear we began wiping the non-combatants out.
I don’t know if their expression was one of shock or fear, when I turned into a home and without any preamble just started tearing the inhabitants apart. Then moved onto the next home to do the same.  Soon there was pandemonium as the city tried to run from us only to be dropped by our constant fire.  This was the first of many massacres to come.
City after city we stormed the planet.  There was a lot of conflicting information on how best to wipe the planet out.  Some wanted to move up and down in a grid pattern others wanted to split up to each major land mass and take out all the major cities before moving onto the smaller ones, working down the chain.
In the end we all just did what we wanted to, there was no real rhyme or reason, our squad had a large portion of the northern hemisphere to clear.  That was all we managed to agree on, which squad got which section of the planet.  After we ran out of things to kill we would move onto other areas, work on hunting everything down.
We walked, and flew from city to city.  Following the same pattern at each city, entering, taking out all military resistance and then wiping out the civilian population.  Clear the resistance then kill everything else.  It was a classic tactic going back to medieval times.
I feel that we were better than humans, we were more mechanical, more robotic in our genocide.  There was just killing, that’s all we cared about.  Sure we enjoyed it and had to get creative with it as we began to bore of the steady flow of blood, but that’s all we did.  There was no rape, no long drawn out tortuous deaths in camps.  We killed swiftly and brutally, but that was all.  From a genocide standpoint it was clean, there was only one type of violence.  I don’t think humans ever attempted genocide without there being a lot of mess involved.
Still, we killed them and there was no mercy.  It didn’t matter to us if the Squawker was a child, female, old or disabled, they all died.  Once the city was a ghost town we moved onto the next.
As we kept taking cities we noticed that the civilians were becoming fewer and fewer, soon the cities were just large military outposts designed to slow us down.  Satellite images showed that there was a mass exodus moving ahead of out chaotic wave.  The Xeno’s were being pushed to a large coastal city, a place to make a last stand.
Soon the cities were devoid of a military presence, all the Xeno’s we amassed in a massive flock at the city on the coast.  Satellites and drones indicated that every citizen was armed, if they could fight they were given a weapon and told to fight.  They were choosing to die on their feet, to go down fighting rather than to just submit to death.
I can’t say I didn’t admire them.  We were actually excited, a little resistance would mix up the monotonous killing.  It was nice to finally have a battle to fight rather than a mindless slaughter.  We slowed down our movement to the coast, we were more thorough on the edges, trying to heard the Xeno’s from the smaller cities toward their last stand.  We wanted this fight to be as interesting as possible.
Our ships in the air still had a struggle on their hands and our orbital presence was non-existent, so we couldn’t just drop a massive strike on the city.  The Squawkers must have known this otherwise they would have never risked amassing so tightly.
After a few months in our sector we had the majority of the population in that city, ready to make a last stand against out unstoppable wave of death.  We actually would have to be tactical with our assault, we couldn’t just walk into that level of fire and expect to be successful.  It would be embarrassing if we needed to call another squad to come and bail us out if we got pinned.
Pausing a hundred clicks out of the city, just out of the range of their scouts and short range missiles we started planning.
“They have no orbital defenses left according to command,” Paul said.
“What about observation?” Stephan asked.
“I’m sure they have some level of satellite capability here, our foot hold is tenuous, the normies barely have control of the sky enough to keep themselves from getting nuked,” Paul said.
“So then they know we are here,” Meghan said.
“No, I’m sure they just think all the killing and destruction is an act of god,” George said.
“I meant in this spot you defect,” Meghan shot back to his sarcasm.
“Shut up. I’m pushing the sat display to all your cortexes,” Paul said as the image overlaid across my vision.
“So you see, they have the majority of their defenses pointed toward land and sky.  Look at the South west side though they have minimal defense aimed at the water.  That’s our way in, we flank,” Paul said.
“How do we get to the ocean and swim around to that edge of the city though?” Sean asked.
“We will have to trek way north and swim pretty far out.  We then slowly walk toward the city along the sea bottom.  It will take a few days but if we do it right it will give us a clean entry to the city.  Come from behind,” Paul said.
“But if they are watching us?” Meghan started.
“I’ve put in a request to command to black out this area, means we EMP their crap but we will be blind too.  Only the sensors in our bodies.”
“That’s going to make navigating from the bottom of the ocean a little trickier,” Cara started in.
“We will set waypoints and try to use them, I have a fairly detailed map of the Ocean floor, use some more traditional map and compass based navigation,” Xo started in.
“So, we all good?” Paul asked.
“Yes sir,” we moved out, starting the trek north to circle back around once we slipped in the water.  The EMP went off before we were 5 minutes out, disguising our direction of travel.
It was a double edged sword because now we had no sensors, and it actually hurt to get hit with an EMP for a brief second as all our technology was taken off line our bodies could feel pain again before the gene modded cells restarted the technology.  It was a second of pain more excruciating than anything I had ever imagined.
We had been hit with an EMP in training so we would be ready if we encountered on in the field, it didn’t change the fact that the pain was so intense we were all almost dropped by it.  Now we would be blind, working on visual sensors and stored data only, no connection to the sat network above.
The EMP did drop all the enemies drones which freed us up from fighting so we could just move at a full sprint to our goal.  There were limited EMP cannons on the sub-orbital ships so we only had one shot at this, if we failed and they got back online before we reached the city we were going to have a hell of a fight on our hands.
We made the Ocean faster than we had planned, not being shot at and having to engage the enemy the whole way really served to speed up our pace.  We now had to walk the bottom of the ocean at an angle toward the city so we would be far enough out to not be noticed as we marched back toward the city all while under water.
I loved the bottom, the silence of the sea, the beautiful sea life.  Xeno’s ate only fruit and assorted grain, they were herbivores who grew food on massive hanging farms.  Because of this the abundance of natural life in the oceans was astonishing.  Unlike Earth with its over fished waters this planet's oceans were practically untouched.
In fact the whole planet was in remarkable condition, the sky was clear and pollution free, everything seemed to be powered by renewable energy, there were forests and life everywhere.  The Xeno’s practiced sustainable living to a perfect level of scale.  It was amazing how they respected their planet and life.  Maybe they were trying to liberate Earth from humanities uncaring grasp.
We kept moving as the Ocean went dark with the increasing depth and the sun setting above us.  Paul came over the local comm linked between us to give the turn and march command.
Slowly we moved toward the city, hoping to emerge in the darkness, have more of an element of surprise.  In the cold morning light we emerged from the waves in the city, back to back in a circle we moved into the city as far as we could without being seen, we opened fire.

Chapter 36
 I stared at the unconscious Jeremiah, I felt ill, broken, lost.  I had been hoping to feel a peace, feel like I was finally welcome among my squad again.  I was hoping to feel that old feeling of belonging, of being a part of something.  I just felt empty, broken and scared.  I had no idea what had been set in motion.
“Get your ass here and join the fight man,” Paul’s voice came over the comms, radio blackout had been broken.
I said nothing, I didn’t want there to be any killing, I didn’t like the fact that I had just enabled another genocide.  I was certainly not going to take part in it.  I thought maybe I was ready, maybe I could be like them, but there was no way.  I couldn’t do it.
“You traitor, come fight,” Paul came through again.  I wanted to go back to him, tell him I did my part.  I didn’t know why he wanted me there.  nine of them were more than enough to take out their target, they could take the planet if they wanted.
I just walked, turned off my comms, I didn’t want to be berated by Paul for not joining in his massacre.  I wanted nothing, I wanted to die.  That day was the day I was sure that all I wanted was death, I didn’t want to kill, I didn’t want acceptance I just wanted death.  I walked back to the house, slowly, waiting for something to happen the whole time, hoping for a kill command to come through and end me. 
I was hoping that Jeremiah would come around, kill us all and end it for me, but I was never that lucky.  Maybe that had been my problem in life, I was just unlucky all the time.  I had been unlucky in getting sold into this life, and now I was unlucky because I craved death more than anything but death was the one thing that could never come to me.
I made it home and tuned into the news feeds.  I was curious, I wanted to see what I had set in motion.  It was terrifying, horrible, it was the Xeno’s all over again.  They were tearing the humans apart, making their high level defenses and weapons seem like toys.  There was no mercy.
I couldn't understand the level of hate, I didn’t feel it the way they did.  This made no sense to me.  The hate against the Xeno’s made sense, they had attacked Earth, and hate against humanity for turning us into monsters made sense too.  It didn’t justify killing them though, when you thought about it humanity had really saved us.  We were all in horrible lives before being bought, had we not been purchased our lives would have been a different kind of hell.  We had been taken from one bad situation and put into another, but at least in this one we were important.  Humanity loved us, worshipped us, there was no real reason to kill them all.
The news drones circled above the carnage, it was interesting to see us work from the outside.  We really were like a force of nature, a tsunami.  Nothing could stop the slow wave of them, my former squad, marching toward the capital.
They shrugged off missiles, beams, and bullets.  Just kept walking, running and killing.  A massive explosion as a bomb was dropped from one of the planes circling above.  I watched as Cara flew from the explosion, tossed by Xo most likely.  She flew like an arrow into the first attack jet, rebounded off the other and tore the cockpit open tossing the pilot into the third plane hard enough to bring it down.
The normies didn’t stand a chance, this was not an attack, it was a massacre.  The defense was just a minor irritant to them, something to keep them occupied.  They enjoyed the fighting, it was fun.  I almost wanted to go join in. 
Watching the fighting was getting me pumped up.  I had to remind myself that they were killing people, the distance of the news drones from the action blurred that fact, but they were in the process of murdering thousands of soldiers.  People with families, people just trying to do their job, brave men and women standing and fighting against an enemy that they knew was unstoppable.
The fact that they fought at all when they knew what we could do is testament to humanities indomitable will to live.  Against impossible odds they will always fight rather than give up.  They would rather die on their feet than live on their knees.
I wanted to look away, but couldn’t stop myself.  I wanted to keep watching, wanted to see if they would succeed, if they would make it.  If the order of the earth would be changed.  I was hoping for them to win, I knew what it would entail, but I also knew what failure would mean.  I didn’t want them to destroy humanity, but I also didn’t want to watch my only friends, my squad, get deactivated,
Cognitive dissonance, this is when you hold two conflicting beliefs at the same time.  It is painful, wanting two incompatible things to happen at the same time.  Wanting them to fail and succeed, wanting it all to be over but wanting it not to stop.  Wanting to join in but being disgusted by the thought, wanting to kill them all but also wanting to save them all.
I had to stop watching, it was too painful, too much confusion in my already melting mind.  I couldn’t take it.  I don’t quite know what happened, but something inside me must have just flipped off.  I disconnected from myself, and started walking.  I don’t remember anything, I just walked.

Chapter 37
I feel like I’ve lost any track they had on me, that I might have lost them.  After the city I could feel them following me, like a presence in the background.  It’s hard to describe but I knew they were on my tail, either in the sky or on the ground.  Maybe it’s all the technology in me, picking up on the communications, but I swear that I have a sixth sense when I’m being followed.
I can finally stop now, I know that I have lost them, that either they have given up or I got lucky and actually managed to shake them off my tail.  Either way I will have to take it slow from here out, keep going but stay low, I can’t chance any more run ins.  There was no way I was going to fail when I was this close to my goal.  No way I was going to chance getting caught, so despite everything inside me telling me to hurry, to run, to sprint to Emile I had to force myself to take it slow.
Days would go by and I just kept walking, through rain, hail and lakes and rivers I kept walking.  Taking as straight a path as I could afford while staying away from the cities.  I move ever onward toward where I needed to get, toward Emile and the freedom that was promised with him.
My clothes were in tatters, I was covered in grime, I swear I had moss growing on my back.  Amazing how when you don’t care and can’t feel these things they pile up.  Nothing really mattered though, I needed to get to him.
I could sense him getting closer every day, we all had proximity sensors on one another, we all could feel when we were close.  Everything was deactivated after the war, but I think that it was built in on a more fundamental level.  We were always connected whether we liked it or not.  I knew I was getting near, I could feel Emile’s presence more and more, stronger and stronger.  I kept moving, I could almost feel his pain as well.  He wanted to die just as much as me, but he knew how and was fighting the urge waiting for me so he could show me.
He was causing himself near unbearable pain to hold off on death while he waited for me.  He was always one of the best of us.  Emile truly loved all of us, we were the only other people in his life that had ever shown him any attention or kindness.  In turn he loved all of us like we were family.
This made me want to run to him more than anything, I wanted to get there so he could feel free to do what he was longing to do.  There was just no way I could justify bringing the level of heat against him that rushing to him would bring.  The amount of cops that would be on my tail, we would probably be caught before we could kill ourselves.  I would condemn him to an eternity of pain, running to him would be far worse than forcing him to wait just a little longer.  I only hoped that he could keep holding out.
Rushing would also ruin my plan, ruin what I wanted to do with my death.  Getting caught served no purpose, so as much as I wanted to I couldn’t run.  Painfully, slowly, I walked to him.  Fighting against every nerve in my body that screamed at me to run, I walked.
I try to take in the world around me, the one I fought to save.  When I question the war nature always serves to calm me back down.  I didn’t fight for the humans I fought for the planet.  This only works when I don’t think about it.  The Xeno’s did more for Earth than anything before them.  
Reducing the human population to levels not seen since prior to the industrial revolution had allowed nature to reclaim the planet.  When I think of the Xeno home world I remember the beauty of it, the way nature and technology and intelligent life all lived in harmony.  Earth was a toxic mess before the war, the war and it’s increased output only made that worse.  Sometimes I think that the Xeno’s were liberating Earth from humanity, not conquering it for themselves. 
Thinking like this is why I don’t like being left alone with only my own mind for company.  Maybe I could find proof, some lost Xeno artifact, something to prove that they were some kind of violent intergalactic exterminators, but that would change nothing.  It does explain everything they did, the attack on the cities designed to sterilize and destabilize, leaving humanity alive when clearly they could have wiped out the whole population.  It’s almost a classic controlled conservation exercise.  Take out a large portion of the destructive species to help stabilize the habitat.
They might have underestimated humanities intelligence.  Thought they were light years more intelligent than us, a victim of their own hubris.  Humanity is expert at one thing, war.  They may have been more intelligent when it came to living on a planet, in harmony with it, but they were on par with humans when it came to fighting.
I think the Xeno’s might have had it right though, especially when I look around now and see how Earth is being raped again in the name of restoration.  How they are calling for a full on extract of the planet to build a massive space fleet and perform and exodus to a new colony world. When calls for conservation are all based around profit, when everything is designed to take and take.
The Xeno’s just used the wrong approach for this particular pest.  If they had just killed the birth rate, if they had been more stealthy, they could have achieved their goal.  
Even if humanity was not under control yet, the numbers being so low meant that there was more nature for me to enjoy, more trees more innocent life just surviving.  It would be pleasant to die here, I can understand why Emile came out here.  No people, all the evidence of humanities previous presence slowly being reclaimed, the idea of life as something fleeting.  Death and life coexisting, one relying on the other.  
I would love to die out here, Emile and I could do it together, at least we wouldn’t have to face the dark alone.  I still have business to take care of though, another Child to kill and a species to wake up.  The best revenge I can get, the most effective I can think of.  Show them all what their war cost, show them that they might be the bad ones.
They never take a look at themselves from the outside, never think how it must look to some other being looking in.  They don’t see how their addiction could be evil, how humans are not evil because of the evil they do, rather they are evil.  They kill and destroy life for no reason other than selfish ones.  
I hope that I can make them see this, make that small spark of good light up against the dark.  Set them on the right path, set them along the road to retribution.  The path to make up for their mistakes, maybe to one day atone for what they did, what they made me do, to the Xeno’s.
We don’t even know what they called themselves, we know nothing about them.  There was no time or money to learn about them.  We killed them all before we even knew their name.
Maybe the humans are researching what was left of the planet, learning something from it, learning how to exist the way they did.  Maybe in death the Xeno’s will teach humanity something.  Or maybe they are just looking for the best way to exploit a new and unspoiled world.
The trees sway in the breeze, animals notice me but almost can’t be bothered to run off.  It’s like they can sense that I am no threat to them, that I am nothing to be concerned with.  Like they can read what I am thinking, see how I feel and ignore me because of it.  They know that I’m not here to hunt or kill, they know that I am the alpha on this world and they show me respect and deference but not fear.
Or maybe it’s because I don’t make a lot of noise and have become so coated in grime I smell like the woods I’m walking through.  Either way it is a surreal experience walking among nature, being a part of it even though I am as far removed from nature as possible. Basically a robot, entirely man made, but more at one with nature and the planet than the humans that made me.
I am starting to lose touch, waxing poetic.  All I am is a heavily modified human wandering through the woods on my way to find a method of suicide that works.  As the days pass I can feel my mind slipping more and more.  I want to run, want to get to Emile before I completely lose control, before I slip into a gibbering insanity.  Before I lose the ability to repress the urge to kill that constantly surges up in me.
I can feel Emile getting closer and closer, can feel his presence like an itch in my mind.  I keep moving following the weird signal.  I have no idea if it’s real or just imagined.  I was anticipating having to search a large area of northern Quebec to find him, but if this signal is more than my distorted mind playing tricks on me then I will reach him a lot sooner than I had anticipated.
So I keep walking, keep moving.  I can feel salvation getting closer with every step.

Chapter 38
We were insane with death.  Killing had become our sole joy, our only purpose in life.  We were blood drunk, mad with it, intoxicated by it.  The attack on the city was going amazingly well.  We had got the drop on the enemy perfectly, they tried to form an effective defense but couldn’t withstand the level of brutality we were bringing to bear against them.  Soon the whole city was in chaos.  They tried to fly away but we took them out, five of us formed the air assault, killing anything that went airborne, the other half tore through the city tearing Squawkers apart.
Two days into the attack we were just cleaning up the few survivors.  They had realized that they couldn’t escape so they had tried to hide instead.  We were now clearing buildings, tearing the larger ones down to save time, letting rubble and gravity do the work for us.
Cara had a young Xeno, she was holding it by the wing while it desperately tried to escape, pecking and clawing at her, having no effect.
“Hey guys check this out,” She grabbed the Xeno by its long neck and by twisting and sliding her hands up she elicited a high pitched Squawk from the creature before tearing its head off.
“What a squawker,” she said laughing like it was the funniest thing she had ever heard.  We were all a little giddy from the killing.  We all found it pretty funny.  Soon we were grabbing live Xeno’s where we could and making them make this hilarious sound before killing them.  We were calling them all Squawkers by the end of the day, the name just stuck.
Near the end of the third day mopping up a defenseless city had gotten pretty boring, so we started making a game of the killing.  Using live Squawkers as ammo, tossing them as hard as we could trying to kill other Squawkers with them.  This was tough because if you didn’t throw them hard enough they would manage to gain flight and we would have to shoot them down, but tossing them too hard just ended with a puff of blood as they blew up midflight.
Sean shoved his arm into the rear portions of two live Squawkers, same way one would do to a turkey when stuffing it, and went around bashing other Xeno’s proclaiming that he was Mr. Bird arms.  We all died laughing while the Squawkers impaled on his arms screamed in their bird like way.
Antics like this punctuated our killing.  Once we moved onto the civilian population we had to mix things up to keep interested.  One can only crush ants for so long before it becomes a chore and you have to mix it up a little.
We rounded up a large group of them at one point, tying them up with wires torn from the buildings, making a large mound of bodies.  We then stuck a pile of explosives in the middle of the pile.  The Xeno’s screamed in the language we couldn’t understand.  I would guess they were begging for mercy, but maybe they were yelling obscenities at us, I will never really know.
The detonation sent parts flying everywhere and killed nearly all the Xeno’s in the pile.  There were a few wounded left but we let them bleed out and moved onto the next game.  Tearing this city apart is one of my most shameful memories.  Not because I did it but because I enjoyed it.  I enjoyed the games of killing.  I enjoyed the blood and death, the feeling of ligaments torn from muscle and bone at my own hands.  I had fun killing, had fun the whole time.  
It took almost a week to clear the city.  All the Xeno’s had gone here as they fled their homes.  They had thought it would be safe, so there was a lot of killing to do.  Even working constantly at it, it still took time, we were also not the most efficient with the games we were playing.  Making the killing interesting necessitated it taking longer.
Paul was in communication with command the whole time, the satellites were concentrated above us and could detect movement and heat, that was how we knew the level of progress we were making on wiping out the city.  The sats were not powerful enough to give us exact locations but they could discern large concentrations of survivors and were trained to pin onto movement on the outskirts of the city.  
It was inevitable that some of the Xeno’s would manage to escape, and there were a large number that slipped out of the city.  If all of them had fled at once there would have been no way we could take them all out.  It would have been a massacre but more would have survived than staying in the city.
They must have thought that staying still, hiding underground, would have saved them.  It only made it easier for us to kill them.  In one tunnel I came across a whole mass of them, hundreds clustered about in a tiny space.  They didn’t make a sound, they just looked at me with something close to reverence, to the kind of respect one shows death.  They were terrified of us, but not in the way one is scared of a lion or bear, more of an existential terror.
We were inevitable, we were death embodied and to them we spelled the end.  It became more and more common to find large groups of them that had just accepted their fate and were ready to die.  Xeno’s that had lost their fear of death and instead were reverent in the face of it.
I walked into the group, none of them moved to run.  Some even reached out and touched me, they parted before me like water.  In the middle of the group I grabbed one by the neck.  It didn’t struggle, didn’t scream, didn’t squawk.  It locked eyes with me and then slowly closed them.
I squeezed my hand shut tight enough to sever the head.  None of the others moved, they watched me, stared at me as I began killing all of them.  There were no games here, I worked as fast and efficient as I could.  This was a religious experience, no need to sully it with childish behavior.
I was disturbed by what I had just experienced and a little dazed as I exited the tunnel sticky with the blood of hundreds of them.  I almost felt godlike, like I was granting a wish, giving the Xeno’s what they wanted.  We were becoming symbols of more than destruction on this planet, we were becoming gods.  In the short time we had been killing in this city we had moved from invaders, soldiers to be feared, to gods that it was important to submit to.
I know nothing of Xeno religion, I don’t think they really had one, but maybe on some level we had become symbols of death to them.  Maybe they were submitting to death at the promise of eternal salvation.  Maybe it was a form of passive resistance, hoping that we would get sick of the killing if they didn’t fight.  
It only made it easier for us.  We kept on killing even as more and more of them stopped fighting.  Once we left the city we were all a little confused.  Tracking the runaways in the forests and sky surrounding the city I couldn’t shake the image of that tunnel.  How they reached out to touch me, that feeling of reverence in the air surrounding me.  I didn’t know how to feel, but I didn’t feel good about it.
The other Xeno’s still kept running and fighting.  The other cities fought back, the army fought us to the end, but nearly every city as the population was massacred by us, fell into this state of stillness as they waited for death.  It was almost like a last ditch effort, a way to reach acceptance against a force there was no point in fighting.  A form of self-immolation, a protest against the cruel universe.  A cry of resistance to the empty void.
Command kept track of everything and constantly fed stats down to Paul.  We always knew approximately how many Xeno’s were in the area, they even started tracking how many we were killing, keeping a rough tally so we could compete against one another.
I made the high score one day.  A whole building of Xeno’s had decided to submit.  I was tired of killing them with my hands when they did this.  It had taken on a feeling of violation to me, it was like giving into a perverted fantasy.  Whenever they submitted I would shoot them, I didn’t want to touch them, didn’t want to encourage it.
The others were off wreaking havoc in different parts of the city, I had the building to myself.  I was loath to go room to room shooting all the Squawkers inside.  I requested a supply drop from command.  The base we established would send an orbital drop our way.  As we gradually wiped out more and more of the planet the normies were less reluctant to enter the air.
I piled explosives and ammo around the base of the tower and detonated it.  The collapse killed close to ten thousand Xeno’s.  They had been congregating in buildings, large numbers of them flocking to one spot,  committing mass suicide.  I blew up ten buildings that day, feeling more and more sullied with each one.  Feeling the deaths of thousands weigh on my head, their blood staining my vision.
I got lucky that day though, had it been a normal day everyone else would have killed way more and my hundred thousand would not have looked like much.  It was estimated that by the time we arrived at the home world there were close to three billion Xeno’s living there.
The war had already thinned their number significantly but there was still a lot of killing to be done.  Some days we killed millions, near the end we were lucky to crest a thousand.  As they stopped concentrating in cities and the non-suicidal of their race had staked out spots in the woods, the killing got harder.  In those early days though we would kill constantly for hours, weeks, hitting huge numbers on the kill logs.
Maybe I had overdosed on killing, because near the end of that first year I was sick of it, I felt like the monster the Xeno’s viewed us to be.  The blood would never wash off, it had soaked through to the bone.  I will carry the blood of those I killed with me for the rest of my hopefully short life.
Not having to rest or sleep the genocide look like nothing seen before in human history.  Uninterrupted hand to hand killing for long stretches of time.  The only thing that stopped us was running out of things to kill.  Then we would sprint as fast as we could to the next large target.  
We worked our way down from large city, to medium city to the small outlying towns and settlements down to hunting encampments of them in the vast wilderness of the planet.  Aided by tracking from above we targeted high population centers first.  
As much as we tried to keep it interesting it became difficult, it turned from a fun and unique game to a grind.  One can only kill for so long before there is no way to make it interesting, before it turns into just another chore.  Training had been fun, the fighting had been fun, when we hit pockets of resistance that was fun.  The killing just became a bore.  Like preparing food as a master chef, it needs to be done but it’s not the part of the job that one gets excited for.  Just something essential, an exercise in monotony.
We kept killing though, no matter how boring it got, despite running out of games to play, we still kept it up.  As more and more of the Xeno’s threw themselves on the sword of our industrial death we kept it up.  It was a long first year, the killing never got interesting for me again after that.  I was done with it but had no choice, to stop would mean my whole existence was useless.
We were built for one purpose and going against that was beyond the scope of my imagination.  It still is.

Chapter 39
They were idiots when they made us.  I guess in desperation people do stupid things, but I honestly thought they couldn't have been this stupid.  Maybe a part of me thought that the government would be able to stop them, that they wouldn’t have been dumb enough to have only one kill switch, only one way to stop us.
I thought that they must have weapons that would work against us, that it might be a fair battle.  I guess I was deluding myself, convincing myself that it wouldn’t be that bad.  They were idiots though, they had no way to stop us, no way to even slow us down.
I was in a hole, a cave in the woods that I had stumbled across one day.  I had shut down all my comms, not wanting to hear the violence.  Wanting to escape into myself.
I knew Jeremiah was drugged asleep but I thought that there had to be some other method to stop us, some other way.  The government wouldn’t have built something that it couldn’t control.  Our rebellion here was going to send shockwaves across the planet, was going to spur hundreds of similar rebellions among my peers.
I knew that I had either kicked off a human genocide or had just got all the other Children killed.  There would be a crackdown to prevent any further violence, if my squad failed all the other Children were doomed to be deactivated.  I knew all these things and they were gnawing at my mind as I attempted to shut it all out, as I tried to find a happy memory to focus on.
There were none, my demons flew at me from the shadows, they wouldn’t let me get off so easily with what I had set into motion.  Visions of violence, of acts committed at my own hand, death and destruction perpetrated by me.  Visions of what I had set in motion, visions of living out the rest of my soon to be short life in this cave, alone.
I close my eyes and try to ignore it, but closing my eyes has me looking at them. Closing my eyes only brings them closer.  I want to cry, want to die, want to escape but there is nowhere to run.  Nothing I can do can redeem me now, nothing I do can save me.
They only had one way to stop us and that was through our handlers, it was a weakness but they never expected us to make it back home.  They didn’t want to take the chance of someone with ethics getting ahold of another method to kill us.  Our handlers were the only way to end us, and they loved us like we were their own children so getting them to pull the plug would be hard enough.
They built us with one off switch, with that out of the picture we were unstoppable, they were idiots.  We were like a biologic weapon they unleashed before having a proper cure built for their own side.  We were a plague that was brought back to Earth and not put into proper containment, now they were getting a taste of the consequences of their poor planning.
I wanted to believe otherwise but as I continued to exist it was dawning on me that I was wrong, that they had been as stupid as I had thought, that with Jeremiah out of the picture we were unstoppable.
I sat in that hole, watching the sun move along the ground outside, examining the earthen walls that surrounded me.  I was able to let my mind shut off, to disconnect, to lose myself in the movement of the Earth, the life that crawled from the walls surrounding me.
I’m back to when Earth was getting hit, to the bombings I saw as a child.  What I went through during that attack.  The most horrific thing was not the bombs but what humanity devolved into during the chaos of the bombs, what almost happened to me while the planet went insane.
It was that insanity that carried over into our creation, to the Children being rushed into combat, untested weapons, no idea of the long term consequences the dividends that would have to be paid.  It was a gut response, a knee jerk reaction to a war that was starting to look like it might be lost.
We were humanities dirty trick, the ground up glass tossed in the eyes of an adversary.  We were the kick to the testicles, the sucker punch.  Humanity was on its knees and was losing the fight, so they played dirty.  We were that dirt.  
“Only dirt,” I mumbled as I drew stick figures in the mud of my shallow hole.  Bracing for the kill word, waiting for death, I hoped it would come soon.  Every second that passed was hundreds of more normies getting killed trying to defend the capitol.  If they truly had nothing to stop us then Jeremiah was the only hope.
We didn’t know for sure what he would do upon waking to a world where the leaders were dead and we were sitting in the capitol buildings.  We assumed that without his overlords he would let us live, but he was still a normie and he might also want to take a vengeance, stop us from our dominance.
At the very least he would stop them from killing unabated.  Humanity would survive, even if it was as slaves to new masters.  For at least the remaining years in Jeremiah’s life humanity would be allowed to live.  Once Jeremiah died I was sure the genocide would start.  At the very least humans would have a few decades to try and figure a way to fight us, to stop their own destruction.
The ground was cool, I could almost feel it.  The air damp.  Sounds from outside muffled by the earth surrounding me.  I could just pull the dirt down around me and spend the rest of eternity here, achieve a state of meditative bliss and let my mind shut off the outside world.  I could get as close to death as possible for one of us.  Just try to achieve a serene state, a pure state of mindfulness.
I want it to be over.  There is not much else that can overpower the guilt and regret I feel at what I’ve been a part of.  I just want it over and I just hope that the damage is not too severe.  That what I’ve done doesn’t cost me the small amount of sanity I have left.
It must be close to noon before I snap out of my state of meditation and am able to face what is happening.  I emerge from the ground, born anew into a different world, successful or not everything has changed for me.  I have to run, have to escape.  An outcast among my peers if they managed to take the capital, a hunted criminal if they didn’t.
I refuse to tap back into the comms to find out what happened.  I’m too scared to be berated by Paul, to hear the screams of joy as they kill and torture.  I have to get out, get far away, but I can’t leave without seeing Jeremiah first.  A part of me is scared I killed him, an accidental overdose or maybe I was tricked into injecting him with poison
Before I run I turn in the direction of Jeremiah’s place, I want to make sure that he’s alive and okay.  Say a useless apology if he’s awake, maybe ask him to kill me if he’s willing.

Chapter 40
I’m at the lake. I know Emile is here, he has to be.  I can feel him as if he were in the same room as me.  Like he’s standing next to me, but there is no sign of him.  I’ve lost it, totally lost it.  I came here based on a retrieved memory from a corrupted brain, based on a feeling like I was getting close to him.  I came here following my own insanity.
I really don’t know how to feel, defeated, lost, alone.  It doesn’t matter, I sit on the shore.  This whole quest was a waste of time anyway, a grand attempt to try and redeem myself that has got me nowhere.  
What was I thinking anyway?  That somehow I could change humanity, guilt them to better themselves, to strive to be better in the face of what they did.  I must be insane to think that would even have a chance of working.  It was all just a dumb idea, a silly decision.  I now know how much my mind has dissolved, to get me here in the middle of a vast wilderness, thinking I would find my lost squad mate, that he had found a way to die.
I really have no choice left, just sit here and try to block out my mind, just like that day in the hole.  Try to separate from my mind and let myself sit here until the sun engulfs the earth.  A statue to humanities hubris.
The problem is I can’t shut off, my racing mind won’t let me.  There is that part that’s convinced Emile is here, that is convinced that I can finish my quest, that I can reach my death.  I can’t shut that part off.  My mind is too damaged.
If I lose all connection to reality let this be proof that I really didn't want to do what I might do.  If the madness overtakes me please know that I didn’t want to kill, that I really just wanted to die and achieve peace.  Please know that I am not a mindless killer like my squad, that the only reason I started killing was because my brain came apart under the strain of the mods.
If I devolve into that just know that I wasn’t always like that.  That my intent was to end killing.  That all I wanted was to die.
Hopefully being this far in the woods will give the normies a chance to find and contain me if I start running wildly toward a city.  Hopefully my isolation will save them, maybe they can take one of us without a deactivation word.
It’s not so bad though, I can sit here and watch the lake forever.  If I keep a lid on my mind I can just watch nature as it shifts and evolves over the eons.  Humanity might reach here at some point, expand to my location, I guess I’ll be taken prisoner at that point, or maybe they won’t know what I am and I’ll be studied like some ancient artifact. 
Maybe they will be invaded again and it will be an alien race that finds me.  Or maybe a meteor will hit or they will fight among themselves and blow themselves to hell.  Maybe I’ll witness the destruction of earth.  Not at my own hands but from the outside.  It would be interesting to see a planet die and have nothing to do with it.
I won’t rise to defend or save them, I won’t be a hero.  But maybe they will change and I will witness humanity reform, they will come for me and lift me up, give me death, release me from this prison.
To an immortal eons are mere minutes, sitting at this shore might be interesting, might finally allow for me to achieve peace.  As long as I can keep sane.  My mind is still slipping, I still feel the killing urge take over, I have to fight every day to maintain peace.  Maybe I will become a benevolent god, centuries of intensive meditation and mindfulness pushing me to a state of pure peace, make me holy.
Most likely they will track me down and take me in.  I can almost feel how nervous they are about me running around with no handler.  They know as well as I do that I could take this planet and kill all of them if I wanted to.  I will lose control over my death, lose control over my life and get locked in a cage to wait for eternity.
Staring over the lake as the sun sets I see him.  A shadow on the other shore, staring at me.  There is no need to talk or wave or yell.  I stand up and walk toward him, I walk through the water and meet him on the other shore.  The first thing I notice is that he is missing an arm.
“How did you manage that,” my first words to him do nothing to hide my surprise and excitement.  If he’s managed to remove a limb then that means that he knows how to destroy our systems, how to override the healing.
“Not now,” Emile says.  He walks into the woods and I follow, eager to begin to learn, for him to show me, how to die.
We walk for a few kilometers, over marsh and through blank areas of forest burned by fires long ago.  His camp is sparse, just a spot cleared out under a tree.  No need for food or shelter means that the idea of a camp does not really apply to us.  This would be the spot he had chosen to sit and experiment.
There is a box, tucked in a hollow under the large pine tree that forms the center of his camp.  He reaches under the tree and removes it.
“I waited for you,” he says.
“I know, I tried to come faster, I’m sorry it was so long,” I say.
“It’s okay, I know, I knew you would come eventually,” he says.  This is the most coherent I have heard Emile speak.  He never made this much sense, even in the early days.
“Then you know why I’m here?” I ask.
“After they left the house I stayed behind.  I thought you would come back but you didn’t.  They didn’t notice that I hadn’t joined them.  They never really asked me, I wouldn’t have joined any way, no point I knew how it would end.  They never lose, they can’t lose, even when it seemed that they would lose they made us and they still won.  I knew we were all dead, so I stayed.  No use killing any more.  It never bothered me as much as it did you though, the killing was just a thing, just something we did.”
“After you didn’t come back, after they were all dead, I decided to leave.  The fact that I was alive meant that I was going to be alive forever.  Jeremiah was cruel keeping us alive.  I know he didn’t try to be cruel but it was.  I came here, if I had to spend eternity on this Earth I was going somewhere I loved.”
“Funny how time works though, when I got here I realized that I didn’t love it any more.  I realized that this one place that had been sacred to me, was ruined.  My very presence ruined it, my unnatural presence soiled the land I had thought would redeem me. That was when I decided to kill myself,” he trailed off here.
I was too shocked to say anything.  In the space of a few minutes I had heard Emile speak more than I had ever heard in years serving with him.  The more astonishing part was that this was the most sense he had ever made as well.  His coherence was jarring, was almost off putting, I was used to him speaking in nonsense and cryptic phrases.
We both sat silent.  There was no rush now, I had been rushing to get here, to allow Emile to be free.  Now that I was here we had all the time in the universe.  I sit here and enjoy the realization that I am sane, that what I felt was real, that I am not as far gone as I thought.
Day shifts into night, the forest comes alive with insects and animals.  We are still and silent, both so grime covered that we blend with the woods.  Animals walk beside us, there is a raccoon nest in the tree above us.  I watch a mother hunt while her babies scamper after one another on the branches.  I watch a coyote come by and eye the babies up in the tree.  It sits and waits for an easy snack should one of them fall, but they are too adept at treetop life and he loses interest. 
Even with the enhancements my ears can’t pick up the silent flight of the owl I see in the distance.  Millions of years of evolution can’t be defeated by a few decades of research and testing.  We are nothing compared to the perfection that evolution strives to achieve.  I almost want to forfeit my quest for death just to observe how life will continue to change and evolve on this planet.
It’s sun rise before Emile begins where he left off.  He continues like there had been no pause.
“It took years to come up with something that would work.  I searched, studied us, studied all the steps to create one of us.  It took countless tries, countless mixes of different chemicals and nanites.  I stole, I killed, I broke into bases and had to fight my way out.  That’s why I made progress.  I knew what you were trying, I saw you a few times.  I can hear what you think, a crossed wire in my system let me hear what you all thought all the time.  It was deafening, I actually felt relief when they were deactivated, there was only one voice left in my head at that point, and your voice was calmer than the rest.” 
“You were lazy, too scared to kill and too scared to get caught.  Too unwilling, too depressed to take much interest in it.  You only tried normie methods of death.  I actually put effort into it.  I studied, I did experiments, I learned how to do it.”
“I know how to die now.  I took my own arm, a test of the regeneration inhibitors.  Now I will show you and you can finish your journey and I can be free.”
He stopped again.  The day was bright, beautiful, you could taste the freedom of the wild on the wind.  We sat on the sun dappled earth and enjoyed the life moving around us.
Emile opened the box.  There were four jars of white powder in there.  He handed me two.  One looked like it was swarming, moving, almost liquid in nature.  The other like a messy talcum, chalky and dense.
“It’s actually pretty simple when you stop and think about it.  Nanobots regenerate us faster than anything can tear us apart, so we need to trick the nanobots.  Make them think that they don’t have to regenerate the cells.  Dump this first powder on your head, it’s just blocker nanites, the ones the stand in for human cells and trick the other nanites that there is no regeneration to do.  The other powder is a type of thermite, it is activated by the nanites and will start to burn at a temperature close the that of the sun’s surface.  You will become the brightest object on earth as the fire and nanites consume you from the head down.”
“Most likely it will stop at your shoulders.  It took three applications to burn my arm down to the stump here.  It clearly works though and without a head you will be dead even if you leave a less than attractive corpse.  The nanites won't be able to trick the cells below your neck, they will be expended in the fire.  The rest of your body will actually be technically alive.  You will be dead, but your headless corpse will keep regenerating, it will just think that it was always a headless corpse, just like my body thinks I always had one arm.” 
“It will be the most pain you ever feel, but you will die.  The bright chemical fire will signal your death.  I’m not entirely sure what will happen though, so make sure no one you care about is around, for all I know there might be an explosion.  An arm is a lot different than a head.”
So this is it, I hold my death in my hands.  Finally, Emile figured it out.  He was the best of all of us, the only one that was truly smart, the only one that knew everything.  He knew what we thought, what was really going on and now he is the only thing in the universe that learned how to kill us.
“How did no one else think of this?” I ask.
“I think they did, they just had nothing to test on.  We were hit with incendiary rounds that burned like this but those lacked the nanite inhibitors.  We were also hit with a variety of nanite inhibitors but without a fire burning hot enough hitting us right away they would have done nothing.  It was just a matter of luck, getting this perfect combination and getting it on us in the right time frame.  It just never happened.  It is too difficult to solve in a combat setting.”
“I’m sure the normies will figure it out, testing on the few of us they have locked up, so don’t worry if you can’t do it I’m sure they will do it for you.”
“Thank you,” is all I can get out.
“I think what you’re planning on doing might work.  I know you are unsure, but I think it might work.  Shame I won’t be here to see it work but I think it will.  So thank you, I’m glad I could help you.”  
He gets up and places the box with his jars back under the tree.  He stares out at the world.
“Are you going to miss it?” I ask.
“Wish I could.”

Chapter 41
Jeremiah came across the comms, groggy but awake.  I stopped moving, he should have been out for three more hours.  I had no idea how he managed to pull himself awake, how he fought through the sedative.  His breaking through the comms forces all the channels open in my head and I can  not only hear them committing the slaughter but am fed a live video.
Jeremiah came through on the tactical channels which forces all data even if we manually shut off the feeds.  I am witness to the slaughter I permitted to happen.  They are tearing people apart limb by limb.  Killing more brutally then we did on the Xeno home world, taking more pleasure in it.  Their faces are all smiles.  Fighting on the ground only makes them more efficient.  They charge fortified bunkers and tear all the inhabitants apart.
They've tossed their weapons, which is why they have made slower progress than I would have thought.  They keep killing though, Jeremiah coming on the comms only speeds them up.  They are rushing now.  The capital is in sight, Paul makes contact with Jeremiah.
“Please let us have this,” he says.  It’s the only time I’ve ever heard him come close to begging.
“No,” Jeremiah says, his voice still groggy, confusion clouding his tone.
They respond by speeding up.  Trying hard to reach the capital before Jeremiah can fully comprehend what is going on.  I know they don’t stand a chance, they made the mistake of ditching their guns and if they move much faster they are going to get pinned.  It’s over, unless Jeremiah decides to let them do it.
“Stop now, that’s a direct order,” he says a little more forcefully, more awake now, fighting the sedative.  They don’t even respond to that.  I can tell Jeremiah is getting desperate.
“Paul stop them or you know what I will have to do,” now Jeremiah is the one begging.  He wants to keep them alive, wants to be given an out.  He doesn’t want this decision laid at his feet.  
“No,” Paul says.
I can hear Jeremiah sobbing now.  Then he starts to enter each child’s head.  I can hear him plead with each one, the open feed is left on, on purpose or accidentally I’ll never know.
“Sean please just stop, don’t make me do this,” he is sobbing, waiting for a reply.
“Do it then,” Sean says.  
On the feed I see him drop to the ground.  His brain liquefied by the deactivation nanites.
“Please George, just let up, I will make sure they don’t lock you up, please,” Jeremiah begs.
“Fuck you,” George drops as the deactivation takes hold.
Jeremiah is working his way through them all, one by one, offering them a chance to stop on their own accord.
“Meghan please,” he is cut off.
“Just do it don’t waste my ti…” she is cut off mid-sentence, she drops the human whose head she was about to tear off.
“Samantha, I know you can stop, we can find another way,” he is sobbing so hard it’s hard to hear him.
She says nothing and he drops her as she is about to kill a human.
“Xo just think for yourself, is this really what you want?” he asks.
“Yes,” Xo falls on top of a normie crushing him.
“Cara, can you please just think for yourself,” he begs.
“I am, just let us fucking do this you bastard,” she screams back tossing a normie into another with such force that they both burst into a cloud of pink before Jeremiah deactivates her.
“Stephan, you have to know how this will end,” he sobs.
He says nothing, but he stands there.  Stopping all movement.  A group of soldiers close in on him shooting him as they move, trying to pin him.  He waits for them to get close, I know what he’s about to do, Jeremiah catches on too late, still groggy from the drugs.
Stephan grabs the closest one and moving so fast that human eyes would see it as a blur he swings the body around in a devastating arc killing all the humans circled around him, he yells at Paul to keep pushing before he is dropped.
“Paul I’m sorry, so sorry.  Please just stop.  Don’t make me do this, please Paul, I’m begging you, stop,” he says.
Paul jumps onto a roof, out of the fray.  He answers Jeremiah.
“Remember, when I was getting modded?  Maybe not, maybe it was a dream.  I begged them to stop.  Begged them harder than you’re begging now.  Did you hear that?”
“Paul, I know what they did was awful, but be better than them,” Jeremiah says.
“What they did to us, what they made us do.  We are just tools to them, just another piece of hardware to be deployed.  Well now they’ve lost control and you want me to stop? No Jeremiah, no.  I begged them to stop and look where I am now.  I can’t stop, so just kill me or get out of my head.”
He jumps back into the fray, sprinting toward the capital.  Jeremiah watches, I watch as he is bombarded by levels of fire not seen on Earth since the Xeno attack.  He is knocked to his hands and knees but keeps crawling forward, moving toward the capital.  Every ounce of his being set on reaching it.  He is almost out of the fire zone, the radius where heavy weapons can be deployed safely without hitting the capital, when Jeremiah puts him down.
I can hear him openly sobbing on the comms as Paul sinks to the Earth, his brain liquefied by the self-destruct nanites.  I watch as the feed dies, it’s last source hitting the ground.  Drone feeds still come through but they are pulling back, the fight is over, my squad lies in ruin, heaps of machinery.
The self-destruct only kills the brain, so the bodies will exist for eternity, the nanobots and organs working in tandem, preserving the body in a perfect state.  I never find out what was done with the bodies, and it’s the last thing I’m thinking about as I await Jeremiah’s presence in my mind.  His accusation, blaming me for drugging him, putting me down with the kill word.
I actually tense up at the thought, I can only hope that it’s painless.  After everything I had been through, everything I had done, to actually tense up at the thought of pain was almost funny.  He didn’t come through though, didn’t enter into my mind.  Having taken all the active Children down he might have left me alive, too soft to punish me for what I had done to him.  Or maybe he was too torn up by killing the ones he had to kill.
I am too stunned to move, shocked into stillness I don’t know where to go, where to turn.  I am also pissed off that Jeremiah has allowed me to live.  That my sin, the one that I had been feeling so guilty about was deemed light enough to warrant a stay of execution.  I had been expecting to die or to be stuck in a world where normies were slaves to us.  I had not anticipated this.
Now I have no idea where to go, where to turn.  My mind reeling from watching my squad get killed.  We had never anticipated death, I was unable to fathom it.  Our own death was something that never really crossed our minds.  We just assumed that we would live forever.  The idea of our own death was impossible to comprehend.
It was something normies had to deal with every day in the war, for us the worst that could happen to our fellow soldiers was to be blasted into space.  Even then we could mount a recovery mission to bring them back.  Now I was alone, left to face and try to comprehend the fact that people I had assumed would live out eternity with me were gone.
It still hasn't really sunk in, I still feel them, ghosts in my own machine, they are not really gone, I don’t think we can ever truly die.  I had to join them though, I couldn’t stand the thought of being left alone on the planet to face what they had done, what I had facilitated.  
“Are you still there sir,” I paged the comms that had been left open.  
There was no reply.  I was being ignored.  This only made me more pissed.  Jeremiah was a bastard leaving me alive, I was not going to let him do that.  I was going to go to his place and demand my death, if he denied it to me I was going to start killing until he killed me.  I was not going to be left here by them, I was not going to be the last Child.
Finally I was able to start moving, I forced my feet to turn toward Jeremiah’s house.  If it was surrounded with cops and military personnel I didn’t care.  I would kill them all, force Jeremiah’s hand.  There was no way I was letting him leave me here.  I sprinted over as fast as I could manage.

Chapter 42
Jeremiah had to be locked on the ship for most of the genocide.  They were scared he would try to stop the killing by killing us, he would have viewed it as saving us from a life of guilt and suffering.  I know he would have too if they hadn’t locked him up, watching us for a week would have driven him to it.  Watching the brutality committed by us, the abandoning of all pretense of proper warfare.  He would have wanted to save us from the lives of guilt, he knew the consequences.
I never knew that he had been locked up, that he had wanted to save us from the killing.  I never knew that he was aware of the effect it would have on us and that he tried to stop it.  I had always thought he had been complicit, I had always blamed him a little.
Just another piece of information I found in his apartment that…. wait no, now I’m getting stories confused.  Things blending, getting harder to keep track of this slippery memory of mine.
The war, we killed for years, I don’t know how long in Earth years it lasted but it was a decade over there.  The Xeno home world made 10 rotations of their local star before the killing was done.  We never kept track of the dates back home, there was no need to, it wasn’t like we had families waiting for us.  I couldn’t even tell you the day I was sold, I was a child I didn’t pay attention to the calendar unless it was close to Christmas.
After the first few years, after the cities and the sacrifices, it became a hunt.  Something that humanity is built for, with our forward facing eyes and sensitivity to movement, these natural skills were only enhanced by our modding, we were amazing hunters.
We also took on the tactics of our forefathers.  We would circle in a large radius pushing all the Squawkers toward a single choke point, a canyon where some of us would be posted up top.  Large groups would become larger as they all fled and clustered.  Moving, being pressed toward the trap.
Getting the circle down and pressing the Xeno’s into the narrow space, any that took flight would be shot down, eventually pandemonium would break out.  Some would fly only to be killed and their bodies crash on their fellows below.
The press would become a crush as others tried to run from us in the rear and the bodies raining on them from the sky drove them mad.  They would press together so tight that they could no longer take off, clawing and killing one another in their madness to escape.
We would watch as the mass slowly pressed forward, goading them on with shots from the cliffs or the rear.  Eventually they would reach a slightly wider spot and all start making a break for it at which point we would either trigger a mass of explosives or just wade into the fray and start killing. 
Similar to the buffalo hunts of old where they would be herded off cliffs to mass killing fields below.  Herded to the brink of extinction.  Killed more because they were easy to kill than for any real need.  We drove herds of Squawkers like that, keeping them from flight with our superior firepower, driving them to massive killing fields.
We don’t go a day without a kill, but the numbers to start drying up after a while. We were finding them in caves, on crude boats and some would fly for weeks trying to avoid us.  Nothing could escape though.  Finding a cave full of them was always a horror show, with no exit we would turn the cave into a meat grinder.  Killing non-stop in the dark as the shrieks of the dying echoed off the blood stained walls.  The caves were always packed, they must have thought they would be safer there.  They were harder to track, being invisible to the satellites.
I don’t think we killed every single one on the planet, there is no way, the sheer numbers we would have had to kill each day would be staggering, all I know is that when we left that planet you would be hard pressed to find intelligent life there.
Maybe there was no true genocide, maybe there is a small population of them still eking out a living.  Like the Buffalo hunts though I would say they are functionally extinct.  We burnt cities to the ground, tore them apart brick by brick killing anything that moved.  It would be a miracle if they weren’t extinct.
Humans are really good at making things go extinct and we were that skill taken to an extreme level.  We were the perfect humans and therefore the perfect extinction machines.
Working our way through a small town one day we found a scene of mass death that wasn’t at our hands.  
“The fuck, has second squad been here already, they stepping on our turf?” Xo asked.
“No, Second is on the other side of the planet, we are the only squad for a thousand clicks,” Paul said.
“Then what the fuck is this?” Cara asked, sounding more disappointed than anything else.
“Looks like a suicide,” I said.
“It does,” Sean chimed in.
“Damn, nothing left for us,” George said lifting up one of the bodies and tossing it into the air at which point Stephan shot it blowing off an arm.
“Oh well, burn them just in case any are faking and let’s find another town,” Paul ordered.  
We torched the bodies, turning them to charred black lumps. 
I thought of that scene of suicide for a while before I realized what was going on.  It had never occurred to me, or to any of us, that the Squawkers were not uniform.  They all looked the same to us, but if humans had hundreds of different cultures on the same planet why not Squawkers? 
One culture was more willing to look at us as angels of death, maybe we fit their religious view of the rapture or something.  Others wanted to fight to the end and maybe this culture just wanted to abandon the planet on its own terms.  A quick and painless poison and they wouldn’t have to deal with the horror we would bring upon our arrival.
They did look at peace before we set them ablaze.  I watched them curl with the heat of the flame contracting their muscles, pulling them back to the shape of their origin.
Learning this small fact about them changed nothing, we kept on killing.  I was a warrior anthropologist, studying a culture as I helped wipe it out.  I learned more and more about them from the cities, their media, the different ways they faced death.  There was not a lot of time to be spent researching, too much killing to do, but when I could I would hang back and wander through where these aliens lived.  Observe their art, their houses, their language.
A lot about them reminded me of what a native North American culture would have looked like had the Europeans not wiped them out.  As part of our neural uploads we were fed all the juicy bits of history and the native genocide was one of those parts.  
A culture that seemed to be at one with the world that it inhabited, their art was primarily focused on animals and landscapes, but unlike human art the perspective was aerial.  They had a written language that differed depending on what part of the planet we were on, it varied but nowhere did I see anything approaching English.  There were geometric shape based languages and a lot of languages that looks like Japanese and Mandarin.  Even a few that look Arabic but nothing that looked like the Latin based lettering of Earth’s primary languages.
I could never figure out their recreation, if they had sports they were not fanatic about them, I don’t know if they had a net or entertainment like on Earth, they must have had some vast communication network in order to reach the state of advancement they had.  The more I learned about them the more in awe I became.  These beings that we were killing were infinitely more compassionate and advanced than the humanity we had been crafted from.  The more I learned the more I felt like I was one the wrong side of history.
I had to keep killing though, please try to understand that there was no option for me.  I couldn’t ignore a direct order, it would be impossible for me.  My systems would not allow it, if I was seen to be defying orders command could deactivate me.  I didn’t know that Jeremiah was locked up, nor that there was nothing they could do but we had been fed lies about the power that command had over us.  I didn’t know how powerless they were at this point.
So I fought and I killed.  I kept watering their beautiful planet with blood.  Kept up the increasingly mundane task of killing.  I was almost able to separate the killing from the creatures I studied.  If it wasn’t for the occasional image of them in their art I would have been able to play at space archaeologist and just have the killing be a nuisance on the side.  As it stood though I was faced with the dissonance of respecting the race, admiring them and then killing them in brutal and efficient fashion.
One day Paul stopped us as we marched through some deep jungle swamp, trying to track down a bunch of Xeno’s that command had spotted.
“What’s up?” Samantha asked sounding annoyed at the break in movement.  If we weren’t moving we weren’t going to be killing.
“When’s the last time any of you killed a Squawker?” Paul asked.
I knew that my last kill had been at least a day and a half ago, I hadn’t really noticed I tried not to keep track.
“About a day ago I think, why?” Stephan said.
“Don’t you think that’s a little long?  We have not gone six hours without a kill and now the last one I had was at least thirty six hours ago,” Paul said.
“So we’ve been at it for years, we thinned them out,” Sean said.
“Not this fast, it should have tapered down, not dropped this sharply,” Paul said.
“Who cares, I’m sure command knows where they all are,” Xo said.
“No they don’t.  This was where that large mass of Squawkers was supposed to be,” Paul said.
We all just stood there, not sure what that meant.  Had command made a mistake?  Were the Squawkers learning how to circumvent our surveillance.  With the reduced numbers command now had the airspace under control, we had driven the Xeno’s to ground.  We had taken the planet, maybe they were learning how to hide from us, how to mount a guerrilla offensive.
“Maybe they are under us?” I suggested.
“What makes you say that?  They are birds, birds don’t live underground,” Paul came back.
“We drove them there, they know that underground is the one place the observation equipment can’t see, the one place they could try to stay hidden, or maybe mount an offensive,” I said.
“It makes sense,” Sean chimed in.
“Command, where was the last known location of that group you sent us after,” Paul queried.  We couldn’t hear the reply, command had a private line to Paul.
“Understood,” he finished and then to us “two clicks north then they disappeared, probably just a cave or something,” he said.
“Didn’t you say there were thousands of them though? that would have to be some big ass cave,” Cara said.
“Well maybe it fucking is, now move.”
We sprinted after Paul as he took off North.  Readying our weapons we emerged into a small clearing.  There was nothing, no cave mouth nor even a hole in the ground.
“What the fuck. Command are you sure this was where they were last seen?” Paul asked again.
“Well there’s nothing here,” came his reply as we listened in on the one sided conversation.  I was looking around for any sign of them, I had become an expert at spotting even the most subtle hint of their presence.  There was nothing, not even a blade of grass bent out of shape.
“Search the area, wide circle, double back, if you find something call us,” came Paul’s order.  We fanned out from the clearing, looking for anything out of order, anything that would offer a sign to where the missing Xeno’s had gone.
I enjoyed these short moments of slow movement and alone time from the squad.  I searched but found myself getting distracted by the nature of the planet that surrounded me.  It was more lush than any forest I had ever seen on Earth.  The colours looked over saturated, almost painful to the eye.  Flowers bloomed and closed, alive with movement.  Even the plants grew and changed, moved like animals, chasing light and bugs.  
I had noticed earlier that the plants were also amazingly resilient, they would get shot and blown apart and you would turn around and all of a sudden that patch of forest would have re-grown.  The plants almost regenerated as quick as we did.  It was a mystery why the Xeno’s had never harvested this ability, had never made a use of it.
That’s when it came to me, the modern Xeno’s wouldn’t have, but the ancient ones would.  I took a second look around, looking closer at the plants that surrounded the clearing and that’s when I saw it.  One feather that had not been concealed.  The Xeno’s were inside the massive trees that grew in this forest.  They had cut their way in and the tree had regrown around them, once we passed they would laser cut their way back out.
I said nothing as I walked slowly to the tree that had a tiny feather growing from its upper trunk.  I wondered how many Xenos would be inside, it would be liked cutting into the belly of a shark that had just consumed a school of fish, except these fish would be armed and ready to fight as they spilled out.
I walked back to the center of the clearing and debated telling Paul what I had learned.  I could keep my mouth shut and they would be none the wiser.  I could have saved that whole group of Xeno’s, but I had to tell him.
I called Paul over on the silent comms, he arrived with two of the others in tow.
“They are in the trees,” I said.
“No they aren’t we would have seen them,” Paul said.
“No, they are in the trees,” I emphasized the in.
“Make sense you nutter,” Cara said.
“The trees regenerate fast, they cut holes in them and hid, the tree bark grows over and covers the hole, they are hidden inside the trunks of the trees, I’ll show you.” 
We walked to the one tree I had seen the feather in.  Without any preamble I punched into it and yanked a Squawker out by the neck.
“Holy fuck,” Stephan said startled.
The Squawker was covered in sap, dead from the force of my blow, but up until that point had been safely hidden.
“They are inside the trunks of the trees,” Paul shouted over the comms before the forested erupted in a cacophony of trees tearing open and the shrieks of Xenos as they fired their pulse rifles at us.
We got blown back when ten other Xenos tore from the tree I had ripped the one from.  We were engulfed in a firefight.  It was the first time the Xenos had gotten the drop on us, it was also the closest we came to all being knocked down, to the Xenos actually winning a battle.  If it weren’t for Emile hanging back in the clearing playing with butterflies we would have lost.  Been taken down and maybe even taken prisoner.
Emile came in guns blazing and tore through the Squawkers, pushing them back and giving us four time to regroup before we rescued the other Squad members.  They were all pinned.  We drove the Xenos off but didn’t kill them all.  By the time we had regrouped they had scattered.
Now every tree in this massive forest was a potential enemy.  We looked at each other and glanced around at the millions of massive trees surrounding us.
“Any firm numbers on population Paul,” Sean asked.
“No fuckin clue,” he said as he eyed the trees around us.
I realized that the killing might have only just started.  We may have scattered the Xenos but now they were regrouping and forming a resistance.
We wandered the forest for days, jumping at any slight movement, any hint of a shadow.  We examined every large tree, looking for a feather or hint that maybe there was something hiding inside.  They must have got better at hiding the little bits of themselves because we found nothing.  Only traces of movement on the ground, a print here, a latrine pit there.  Sometimes some discarded food, but nothing major and most signs we did spot were weeks old.
We were approaching a week without a kill, Command was getting itchy, this was happening all over the planet.  All the other squads were going days without kills, searching fruitlessly.  Command didn’t want to torch the planet, they wanted it preserved, but if the Squawkers were all hiding inside the trees there might not be any option.
George was on point, our movement through the trees was slow, hindered by having to check everything over for any hint of the enemy.  There was a large explosion and George was airborne, flying back toward us.  He had triggered a trap or something.  We all started firing wildly into the trees.  George pulled out his back up rifle, his main having been destroyed by the blast, and started sending rounds to where he had just been standing.
“Cease fire you shits,” Paul came over the comms, “you’re all acting like a jumpy bunch of normies.”
We all stopped shooting, feeling a little guilty with the knee jerk reaction, we were all on edge.  
There was nothing, silence.  We were not under fire, George had just triggered a trap that was all.  
“They know that those things can’t hurt us, so that was probably a cheap early warning system for them, they have to be close.  Load up and hold your fire unless you actually see something,” Paul said.
We break off into a combat formation, staying spread out in two man fire teams, ready to engage, but far enough apart to not get pinned.  We march forward, looking for any sign of the Squawkers.  We move for about an hour, slowly marching.  Paul comes on the comms, we were all getting restless.
“Group up on me, they aren’t here,” he says.  We start moving toward his position when the forest comes alive behind us.
One second I’m up and fighting, the next I’m pinned under an unending volley of fire.  Sean is pinned as well, he radios in to let Paul know that fire team Delta is down.
I hear the comms, George and Cara are pinned as well.  Emile is pinned but Xo managed to avoid the fire and was off with Stephan establishing an over watch to give us some support.  Paul and Samantha are fighting their way to us to free us up, get us back in the fight but they are under heavy fire and having a hard time moving.  The forest surrounding us is coming alive as well.  Squawkers in mech suits and others armed with just a rifle are all emerging from trees.
This is their civilian resistance, and it is working.  I can see a group of them in the distance, assembling something that looks like a large containment sphere.  They are going to try and capture us.  I try to struggle up against the rounds and rockets slamming against me but can’t.
“I need an airstrike on my position,” Paul radios in.
“That’s a big negative, the sky is no longer ours in that sector,” comes Commands reply.
Sure enough drones are swarming over head and joining in with the ground team, laying more and more fire upon us.
“Fuck this,” Paul says over the comms, “any one that is still up, we are torching this place, switch to incendiary.  If you have a flamethrower use it.” 
“Negative, negative, negative.  This is command, we are issuing an override on your squad leader's last order.  Do not burn those woods, repeat, do not burn that forest.”
“Fuck command, torch it,” I can see the burst of flame come from Paul’s position.  His defiance encourages the others to do the same and before long the jungle around us is alight.  The shooting lets up enough for me to get back up and join in on the burning.  As much as I was enjoying these woods, as much as I was amazed by them, the stress of the last week had me hating them.  I helped burn the woods with the others, taking a perverse pleasure in disobeying a direct order from command.
“Stop now, repeat, stop burning that forest or you will be deactivated,” Command was getting desperate.
“Fine,” Paul ordered a cease fire.  The return fire from the jungle had stopped.  We had managed to clear it.  The fire was already out of control any way, spreading among the trees, engulfing us in its purging beauty.  
Command said nothing more.  They knew they had no recourse.  To kills us would leave our section of the planet without Children and the fact that they only had eight of their ten squads planet side, having lost the other two in space and been unable to recover them over the past years, tied their hands.  We could do what we wanted and were slowly starting to realize that.
I imagine they wanted to keep the planet as pristine as possible for future exploitation or colonization, but it was only later that I learned why they wanted the forest intact.  Those regenerating trees offered a way to study natural high speed regeneration, something they could transfer to humanity without the horrible cost exacted on us.  A form of regeneration that wouldn’t turn the recipient into a monster and kill ninety percent of those subjected to it.  They saw that forest as the ticket to immortality, maybe the saw the whole planet as the holy grail.  The key to man’s true dominance in the stars.
That would explain why, to this day, there has been no official colonial push for it.  They are too busy studying what we left, trying to make money off it.  It would be too much of a risk to have a cash cow like that open to bidding.  Whoever controlled that planet could become immortal.  Whoever controls that home world has access to scientific discoveries only imagined on Earth.  That world offers true power. 

Chapter 43
 I don’t know if I’ll be ready when the time comes.  Wanting to die and actually being presented with a method to die are two different things.  Knowing that I can actually die, any time I want, I feel free.  I’m also scared, death is something that I know nothing about.
“So when are you going to do it?” Emile asks.
“Don’t know yet, when the time comes I guess.  I have some business to take care of first.”
“Make sure you give them hell, let them know what they have done and for what reason,” Emile said.
“So much death and it was all for the control of that one planet, that resource.  It was all for power, it’s always for power,” I said more to myself.
“When did you figure it out?” He asked.
“Not until I found the files that Jeremiah left behind.  How about you?”
“Probably in the forest, those trees.  I realized what it was all for, that whole planet teeming with life just like that.  I don’t know why the Xenos didn’t capitalize on it, maybe they knew what the repercussions would be,” Emile said.
We both sat for a while staring out at the world around us.  Earth was a lot like their planet, it regenerated too, just on a longer time scale.  The Xenos might have been just an extension of the planet, trying to repair the galaxy around them, like white blood cells attacking an infection.
“Why don’t you come with me?” I asked, hoping that he would join in.  It would be a good show of solidarity to have two of us face the world, show them what they had wrought.
“I can’t, my journey is done.  I’ve been slipping faster than any of you ever did, and I’ve slipped further.  I feel this last little bout of sanity is my mind’s swan song.  Even now I’m having trouble keeping it all sorted.  I have to do it soon, before I lose it, before I forget how.  This is all you now, you have to finish it.” 
“Do you need help,” I asked, hoping he would say no.
“No, it’s simple enough, even if I was worse off I could still sort it out I’m sure,” he said with a laugh.
The conversation lagged.  I knew he was asking me to get a move on, to leave him to die by himself, but I didn’t want to go.  Like the last guest at a party I hung on until he regretted inviting me.
“Why did we keep killing?  Why did you keep going even when you knew what was up?” I asked.  I seriously wanted to know.
“Because it was fun.  You were always the outsider.  I was just like them, only I knew why we were doing it.  If anything that makes me worse, I am the evil that you are railing against.  I enjoyed the killing, I enjoyed the torture.  I wanted the planet to burn so no one could learn from it.  You all just thought I was eccentric but really I was the evilest mother fucker among you.”
I didn’t know how to take this.  How to react, how I had missed it.  Emile was always in the thick of it.  Always starting the games by showing everyone else how to do it.  Only it wasn’t a game for him, he was actually loving it.  He would have tried to rape them had he not cut off his genitals in the modding.
He raped with tools though, rods and guns, shoving them inside the Xenos blowing them apart.  He started everything, took it to an extreme that the others wouldn’t follow.  We just thought he was a little messed up, that he got carried away, not the he was too engulfed in ecstasy to be bothered trying to communicate and act normal.
“Then why didn’t you join them against the normies?” I asked.
“Because I was not going to let Jeremiah kill me, that bastard, I was killing myself.  I knew they would fail, there was no way that the normies would leave themselves open against us.  So that’s when I decided to come here and work on finding a way to kill myself.”
“Why help me then?”
I wanted to know but he was gone.  Laughing and pacing back and forth.  Emile had finished his swan song and was falling back to madness.
I walked away, Emile had done his job, I had my ending.  Even if he was evil, crazy or nuts, he had still provided me a way to end it and he was still the last member of my Squad.  I hold nothing against him.
I had been walking for an hour when I looked back to see the plume of black smoke fueled by a bright blue flame, bright enough to overload my vision sensors even at this distance.  I looked away and kept walking, the chemical fire burning behind me.  I had to focus on the job at hand now, the weight of the jars in my pockets making me aware of what I still had to do.
I couldn’t get Emile out of my head though.  What he had told me, I was now replaying every memory I had of him, looking for a sign that he was what he had said.  That he was as evil as he claimed to be.  I never paid him much attention, he was weird but we were all a little weird, it was a prerequisite almost.  He didn’t talk much and never made much sense, kept to himself throughout the fighting, he was always off doing his own thing.  
He killed like the rest of us, except his kills were always more violent. Even when it had become mundane he always seemed to take a deep pleasure in exterminating a life.  He drew out the deaths, tried to savor them as much as possible.
He knew what we were doing, he knew how the war had become a battle for a limited resource, a genocide to take over a planet that would be used for powerful normies to stay in power, and he still kept killing.  If we had known I’d like to think that we would have stopped just to preserve our place as the dominant beings in the universe, if nothing else.
He knew what we were fighting for and didn’t care, didn’t tell us.  His concern was to keep the killing going, if he had told us, the killing would stop.  He didn’t want power, didn’t care that he was a tool.  He just loved the killing.
I remember the smile he wore all the time, whenever we were in the process of murder he wore this dumb grin, a smile of pure pleasure.  I don’t know what he was thinking, only what he has told me, what I observed.  Maybe it was all made up, calling himself evil to get me to leave him so he could die.  He was just scaring me off, I hope that is all.  I had always pegged Emile as the few of us that had compassion.
I have a long path ahead of me to reach the base, to free Peter, the first Child.  To make everything right and finish what I have started.  It’s going to be a long walk and there is no way that the fire blazing behind me has not attracted attention from the satellites.  I have to get out of the radius and hide before they find me.  Even from this far the blaze is too bright to look at, the forest on the periphery is starting to catch as well.
Emile might have torched the forest that he loved, that he came to spend the last of his days on Earth in.  I’m just getting more and more concerned that I am going to lose my cover as it burns away.  I also don’t know how these chemicals I am carrying will stand up to a fire, I don’t want to lose them, Emile didn’t tell me how to make a replacement batch.
It’s a risk but I pick up my pace and rush to get out of the chance of fire, I know how fast it can spread and I can’t remember the last time it rained.  The normies will hopefully be too focused on the fire to notice an errant heat signature.  The speed will also help me get on with my task sooner, I have to face my death and I don’t want to lose my nerve or my mind before then.
Death, a concept I can’t wrap my head around, no longer existing.  I can’t understand it and it scares me a little.  I never thought much on it, being immortal makes such philosophic thoughts redundant.  Now that it was a reality I found myself getting scared by the idea.  I found it to be something that was too unknown.
I’m not sure how I will face the moment when it comes, a part of me is worried that I will not go through with it and a part of me is worried that I will.  My main concern is my slipping mind, memories getting blended, turning into mush inside my head.  Thoughts getting jumbled and that violent urge overtaking everything, becoming harder and harder to fight against.
The thought of being this close only to have my brain betray me is unbearable, if I get to that point I am just going to end it prematurely before I lose the mental capacity to do it.  Take my own life before I go on a rampage.  It will suck having to abandon the main thing I set out to do.  On my quest for death I finally found a meaning and I actually want to reach that, I don’t want to get pushed into an early suicide.
So I run faster, damn the consequences.  I will have to fight, have to kill.  I’ll try not to, I’ll try to keep it non-lethal but I need to finish this, I need to do this one last thing.  I hope that the blaze behind me will disguise my heat signature, give me a chance to gain some distance before the chase starts.  
Once I’m back in the United States I will slow down, hopefully they won’t have noticed me by then.  I just can’t fail and with every step I can almost feel my mind slip.  Talking with Emile has proven to be too much in a way and I can feel him in there.  Like a ghost rooting around, I know that’s impossible so that’s what scares me.
Like an overload of memory, too much thinking.  This log combined with everything else is straining my mind too much and I am afraid that it might have pushed me over the edge.  It’s close now though, I just have to do two more things and it will all be done.
Chemical fires will signal I’m dead.  Ghosts of the dead dance in my mind.  Think of the chemical fire, get it under control.  I still have a job to do, I still have my redemption.  Jeremiah is here now, telling me it’s going to be okay, that I will make it, that this will pass.  Jeremiah is here with me, along with the rest, and I think they are happy, for the first time in their lives, I think they are happy.

Chapter 44
When I arrived at Jeremiah's place there was no one else.  The military personnel had not arrived yet, maybe they weren’t in a hurry with the threat neutralized, too busy cleaning up the mess.  Jeremiah had done his job so there was no need to rush over.
I was glad that I wouldn’t have to kill my way in to see him, I wanted to die I didn’t want to have to kill to get there.  I sprinted up the stairs, shaking the whole apartment complex with the speed of my movement.  I slammed open his door, no time to pretend at privacy after he had just killed my entire squad.
I found him slumped over in a corner, the wall behind him splattered with blood and brain matter, his lips wrapped around a shotgun barrel.  I was too late.
I slump to the ground, not even thinking that the neighbors must have heard the shot and the cops would be on their way.  I remember wanting to cry, wanting my body to let me have that, to let me empty out what I was feeling, but I couldn’t.  I just sat there, drowning in sorrow, staring at the mangled body of the man who had been the closest I had known to a father.
I felt sick, I could hardly think, my mind was shutting down again.  It was too much, too much for one day.  I had lost everyone, I had lost my way out and now I was stuck here alone.
I know that Jeremiah had been suffering worse than we had, worse than I had, with what he had been a part of.  He was going through extreme post-traumatic stress and the only thing that kept him going was doing everything he could to help us.  He was searching for his own redemption through us and we repaid him by drugging him and trying to wipe out the government.
I can understand why he did it, I really can now.  But I couldn’t then, I was overwhelmed with feelings of betrayal, sadness and loss.  A man who had always been there, who I had taken for granted, now lay dead at my feet.  It was as much my doing as if I had shot him myself.  I tried to stand but couldn’t
Something in my mind was registering sirens in the distance, but that was far away, it couldn’t drown out the tinnitus of sorrow. I was lost in my own mind, lost in my sadness.  There was nowhere for me to turn, nothing to do now, the one out I had offered myself now lay in a bloody heap at my feet.
Soon the room was filled with noise and violence.  I looked up and was snatched back to reality.  The room was swarming with military cops, which was nice, they were lightly armed and surrounding me, slowly closing in and yelling commands that were breaking through into my mind.
“Down now, on your face,” The cop in front of me yelled.  I almost wanted to laugh at how lightly armored he was, at the tiny useless gun he was pointing in my face.  My movement had stopped the slowly encroaching circle of cops.  I looked around at their terrified faces, I had to admire their bravery, facing me down after most likely witnessing what my squad mates had just done.
I stood, I have to commend them for not shooting right away.  It was just going to be a nuisance, something I did not want to deal with.  I just wanted to be alone.  I was going to leave, going to ask them politely for them to move and let me go, when I saw the screen on the desk, a flashing yellow notice with my name on it.
As to not set off the hair trigger the police were on I moved to the desk slowly.  They still didn’t shoot but more commands were yelled at me, I wasn’t listening.  The screen opened when I picked it up and a note from Jeremiah filled it.
Now it was time to leave, time to find a calm place and hopefully get some answers from the note that Jeremiah had left for me.
I don’t think I said anything, I had meant to but I wasn’t really thinking straight.  I walked toward the door and heard the word Stop brandished at me before the rounds started impacting.  I was concerned about the screen getting hit so I tucked the small device into my hand and sprinted out of there, barreling the few cops guarding the stairs over.  I made it to the street and kept running.  It was good timing too because I could see the military truck rolling up behind me.
I had no idea where to go, set adrift in the world without a compass I just ran in a straight line away from the large population center.  Eventually I slowed, I was deep in the reclaimed wilds.  Streets still ran under my feet but the dirt and vines had taken them for their own.  Buildings surrounded me, covered in green, returning to the wilderness that had been stolen.  
None of them had bothered following, I was sure there was a track on me but it didn’t matter I would read this and find a hole somewhere.  I doubted they would risk expending the resources needed to capture me, they were going to have a lot of simultaneous rebellions on their hands now.  A lot of legitimate threats and no time for a scared Child hiding in the woods.
Booting the screen up again, I searched the message for an answer.
 First I want to let you guys know that I’m sorry.  Sorry I left without taking you but you had no part in it, you refused to kill.  You might had drugged me and Emile might have lied to me but I can’t kill you for things like that.  You didn’t want to kill and you were doing nothing wrong, I refuse to kill you out of revenge.
Please try to understand that I couldn’t live though, not with what I had done.  So much death and all of it on my hands.  Can you understand that?  I loved all of you like a father loves a son but I had to stop what they were doing , I couldn’t just watch them kill off humanity.  Like a father finding his kids killing small animals I had to stop them.
I just couldn’t do it to either of you, couldn’t kill you.  Maybe I am too weak, suicide is weakness I guess, but I can’t do it and I can’t live with it.  Maybe by leaving you two alive something good can come from all this killing.  Maybe you will do something good and prove me right.
Please know that I am sorry for everything.  This screen has all the information I could gather about the program and about your lives.  I hope you can make something of that, use that for something.  Maybe these files will be the weapon you need to accomplish the true revenge you need.  The revenge I know you seek.
Please remember that I love you, and I will always love you.  I hope you can understand that.
The letter ended, he wouldn’t have had much time, from the time he killed Paul to when I got there he had only had a few minutes.  If I had only been faster I could have stopped him, I must have been seconds too late.
I now knew that Emile was alive though, I was not alone, but rather just functionally alone.  I started sorting through the files on the computer, I started learning about us, how we were made, how we were controlled, how it was all manufactured.  Every emotion, every positive feeling built into the system.  I was not a free thinking human, I learned that I was more of a machine that had gained the ability to think.  
It was impossible to tell what was real feeling and emotion and what was false, what was just a side effect of the modding, what was just built into me to make me a better killer.  I wanted to stop reading, it was too much, too much for one day.  I had lost everything and the more I learned the more I realized that it had all been taken from me.  It was all dawning on me, I could finally see everything for what it was and it destroyed me as it set me free.  
As I was ripped through the bars of the cage they had placed me in I was almost torn to pieces.  I learned it all and then shut the screen down.  Like a soldier getting hit with shell shock everything conscious just stopped.  I must have went on some form of auto-pilot because the next memory I have I am in a totally different place, high up on one of the crumbling towers of the old city.
I’m staring down and I know that jumping won’t do anything yet I still take the plunge, diving so my head makes contact with the ground below first.  Obviously nothing happens but I sprint up to the roof of the tower again and jump.  Again and again I impact the ground to the point where I form a crater in the earth, yet I keep jumping.  Knowing that it will do nothing doesn’t stop me.  I keep falling over and over again.  
There’s nothing like hope for a different reaction, I know that I won’t die, yet I keep doing it.  A compulsion that I can’t stop, it feels right for some reason, it feels like something I should be doing.  So I keep doing it.
Eventually I quit, maybe a day maybe a week later, I lost track of time.  Something must have overloaded in my mind, I really don’t know.  Too much happening back to back, everything came crashing down and there’s no way to cope with that.
I don’t know how a healthy well-adjusted normie would deal with it but as a Child, sold into a weapons program and modded into the perfect killing machine.  As a Child soldier, forced to commit genocide, as a machine with no purpose, I couldn’t deal with everything.  
Maybe Emile had it right, maybe leaving and not learning the fate of everyone was the best course.  If I had never gone to Jeremiah’s I could have lied to myself and convinced myself he was still alive.  If I had not read the files, not learned everything, then maybe I would have been able to cope.  
I did learn all that though and that knowledge drove me to the brink.  I eventually settled down, everything sorted back into its place in my disconnected and shattered mind.  Eventually I was able to calm down.  I walked, I began travelling and looking for a way to die.  I tried everything my mind could come up with.  I was not as skilled as Emile was though, clearly he took the better approach, not just trying conventional methods.  I wandered the earth seeking death.
 I found a man, driven mad by the poison's he had helped create.  Deep in the mountains of the northern Himalaya.  He spoke in only hyperbole, everything exaggerated to the utmost.  Rumors in China said that he was the possessor of the strongest poison known to man though.  That he had created it and after realizing how powerful it was he had taken it and hidden.
He was said to possess the only vial of the stuff along with the detailed instructions on how to manufacture it.  I found him huddled in a cave, eating small animals and drinking dirty water from a stone cup.  He gave me the poison, maybe it was my imposing figure, maybe he knew.
I took it.  I was convinced that it would work.  I went back to our home and I drank it, all it did was burn.  Maybe there was something wrong, but it only burned.  That was a lot, but that didn’t kill me.  Now we have come full circle.  I am walking back to where I started, it’s time to finally finish this.

Chapter 45
 We went a month without a kill after we burned the forest.  We wandered the planet, seeing nothing.  A whole planet and the only sign of intelligent life were the ruins we had created.  The planet was dead, we had no idea where to go from this point.
The sats were picking nothing up, there were no heat signatures underground, there was nothing.  To be thorough they had all the squads trade sectors, get a fresh set of eyes on the scene, maybe one squad would spot something the other had missed.  Besides the change in scenery we found nothing in the new area we explored.  It was more desert like, it looked like an area that would have been sparsely inhabited before we arrived, but the heat would also provide good camouflage from the sats.
We spent a few weeks combing that wasteland, finding nothing but corpses and rubble.  I’m sure we couldn’t have killed every Xeno on the planet, that would be impossible, but after a month of searching for life they figured that the planet was sterile enough to hand over to normie control.  They could deal with anything that we didn’t catch.
There was no mass army hiding under ground, and even if there was there would be nothing they could do now that the sky was controlled by Earth forces.  The Xenos could do nothing being stuck on the ground, pinned and unable to enter the air, their primary combat arena.
Still we scoured the planet, getting edgy at the lack of killing.  There was a fear behind that as well, a fear that maybe there was some grand trap that would be sprung upon us.  There was also the more real fear that now that our job was done they would deactivate us, that we were doomed to be killed by the ones we had fought for.
A group of kids sold by their parents to the army tends to have issues trusting authority, issues with fearing authority, especially an authority that has no more use for them.  Our parents had no use for us and they sold us to the highest bidder, so now we were worried about what our new family would do with us.
It was a hot day, the light reflecting off the sand was hell on my visual sensors, they had to keep adjusting for brightness which was disorienting.  The constant shifting of light levels was throwing my depth perception off.  Paul called a halt.
“Hear that,” he said, we all listened.  There, in the distance, the distinct sound of a drop ship, whether it was friendly or not we couldn’t tell.  We loaded up, ready to engage, itching for combat.
The ship came over the horizon, it was an Earth ship.  We lowered our weapons, reluctantly.  The ship landed in front of us and out stepped Jeremiah.
“Time to go home guys,” he said with a beaming smile.  A smile that I could see some unutterable sadness behind.  A smile that held deep seated regret and a touch of fear.
Without any question we loaded onto the ship.  We were all bored of wandering the desert and not being instantly deactivated was nice as well.  We knew that at least we would live, at least they were going to keep us.  It was only in Jeremiah’s files that I learned the truth, that I learned why it had been awkward onboard the command ship for a few days before we turned for home.  Jeremiah’s files explained what he had done to get us all off the planet and brought back to Earth, how it was all his and the other handlers doing that saved us.
Initially the plan had us dying in the fight and helping to reach a truce with the Xenos, helping to show what humanity could do, how we could strike at their home.  We weren’t supposed to be so good at killing, but the other squads had taught them that we were unstoppable so they threw us onto the home world hoping that the Xenos would have a way to stop us, have some secret weapon of their own.  The plan had never been genocide.
Once the genocide started though they figured it would be easier and safer to let us finish.  No worry about a counter attack when your enemy is all dead.  So they let us kill, they were just going to deactivate us when the killing was done.
The problem with that was the handlers refused, there had almost been a mutiny.  Since the handlers were the only ones with the code word to deactivate us the commanders could do nothing short of torture them for it.  The problem with that was the handlers had absolute control over us and could command us to stop and attack the normies.  They were at a standoff.
Commands next plan had been to bring us back and then jettison us into space toward the Sun.  Jeremiah figured as much when it was command who initiated the idea of bringing us back.  He figured there had to be an ulterior motive behind their sudden change of mind.  So he came up with a plan to convince command to bring us home.
He convinced them that we would be an asset long after the war.  We could help rebuild, we would act as a deterrent to any other species that thought of attacking Earth and we could also be used if there was another race stupid enough to attack.  He convinced them to keep us like a nuclear stockpile, and they listened.
The other handlers all agreed, they all agreed to sacrifice their chance at a normal life back on Earth in order to baby sit us and make sure that we didn’t create any problems.  It never occurred to me that they also made huge sacrifices for us, that they willingly gave up their chance at life in order to help us.
Learning this after his death was just another blow on my numb psyche, the mind can only take so much.  We were so caught up in what we had been put through that we never realized our handlers had given up their adult lives for us.  They may have started in the program to help the war effort but they stayed because they loved us, because they wanted to do what they could to undo the evil that had been done to us.
They loved us and wanted to save us, wanted to make sure that we were taken off the planet alive.  There was no other option for them, they were ready to mutiny, ready to revolt over us.  Once we were on the ship we would protect our handlers and command couldn’t risk killing them.  Without the handlers they would lose the planet, they wanted that Xeno planet all to themselves and having us there was not an option.
So command was forced to bring us back, against all plans, against their best judgement, they brought us back.  I know that other groups of Children were not so lucky.  Others got shot into space upon returning to the ship, their handlers sent with them.  Or they were left on barren colony worlds that were not on the reclamation plans, left to sit and languish on dead planets for eternity.  They wanted to bring back as few of us as possible and this was the way to do it.  To have us disappeared lost in space or on operational accidents.
 The propaganda had to be spun when they were forced to bring us back.  A lot of Children were left in defensive positions, code for abandoned on a planet somewhere.  We were one of the few that had to be brought back, there was no way around it for them.  We were a propaganda tool as much as a tool to help rebuild Earth.  They couldn’t have us getting lost due to operational malfunction.  They certainly didn’t want to leave us planet side, in control of the greatest discovery they had made, natural rapid regeneration.
We were brought home.  Against all the better thoughts of those in command, against the advice of the leaders back on Earth who were in touch via long term comms, through coercion and insubordination we were returned to Earth.  
The propaganda machines were already hard at work while me made the long run through space.  Even with the quantum drive it would take years in Earth time for us to return, so they had a long head start.  By the time we landed we were near religious symbols, gods in some eyes, devils in others.  Miracles of humanity and science or abominations against god and nature.  The political debate on what we were had been raging in or absence.
Despite everything, despite being invaded by another species, a superior race, there was still a strong religious presence on Earth.  The old religions of ancient Earth still clung to fragile beliefs, modified over the years to accommodate the new discoveries of science and space travel.  They were still against change of most sorts, genetic modification and the debate about what constituted life still raged.  We were abominations in the eyes of most of the old religions and some of the new as well.
Views on  what constituted the human changed over the years of our departure but most of the more conservative people still viewed us as machines and thus we didn’t deserve the rights of humans.  Others were against what had been done to us but still didn’t view us as human.  We may have been humans at one point but were no longer.
Others looked at us a machines granted intelligence and this brought into question the rights of artificial intelligence.  Created in labs A.I.’s were often brought into existence with a hard gap between them and the globe net, they were studied, questioned and sometimes even raised, brought up like children, but once the study was over they would be deleted.
Parallels were drawn between those laboratory A.I’s and us, the only difference in their eyes was that we started out as human.  People used our continued existence as a platform to lobby for A.I freedom, others used the wanton deletion of A.I as justification to have us deactivated, arguing that if it was ethical to delete A.I than it was ethical to turn us off.
Propaganda spun a web, getting into people’s minds and slowly the two sides entrenched.  Like every debate before there was no middle ground, it was either for the Children or against them.  There were sides that were legitimately scared of us, terrified of what might happen should we decide we didn’t want to be servants to humanity.  The only side that was really right in the end.
I didn’t consider us human, that would be demeaning, I also didn’t consider us machines, I remembered my past.  I knew we were in the middle on the spectrum of what constituted life.  I also knew that humans did not like the idea of a comfortable middle.  They liked conflict, they liked clearly indicated sides to an argument.  Middle ground didn’t fit their worldview, middle ground was scary, there was too much room to move in the middle.
The government stifled most speech against us though, so the majority of the populace was on our side.  This made is considerably easier to bring us back.  Protests against us were outlawed, those that loved us were shown as right and those that hated us were shown as backward and crazy.  They leaked us into the subconscious, made us into icons, into gods.  We never really saw that hate when we returned, it was sporadic and brushed off.
I almost feel like the hate would have been easier to deal with, hate made sense, we could understand hate.  It would have made it fun for us and maybe even made us not want to take over.  The unrestrained love just felt too false, too hypocritical.  Hate and fear would have been real, the love was manufactured.  They treated us like gods and slaves at the same time and this dichotomy drove us further away.  Maybe we would have been more willing to fall in line had we been hated, at the very least it would have brought us together more.   
I never really saw any of the early propaganda.  The small parts I have seen were so over the top that they felt like jokes.  Emotion feels like a joke though, when it’s stripped to the bare core.  Seeing it like that made me wonder how it worked, but it did.
Our return party did it for us, made us see how manufactured it all was.  We had been built and crafted in a lab, and humanities love for us had been just as manufactured.  It was all just as fake and unreal as we had become.  It almost made me feel like more of a machine than anything else they did to me.
The minority was made right though.  The manufactured love for us back fired and we became what they all feared we would become.  The attempted takeover, the whole list of rebellions that followed set back rights for manufactured intelligence to the pre-quantum age.  I learned that Jeremiah’s lobbying for us was also pushing for more A.I rights, A.I’s were seen to be the perfect handlers for us after our normie ones died.  He needed to free the artificials and he was close to achieving that before the rebellions.  
There was a second genocide, the genocide of the artificials.  After we were all put down wiped out in all the labs across the globe, a kneejerk reaction to our attempted take over.  Death seems to follow us, a shadow we cannot shake.
On the ship home we knew none of this.  We were a mix of giddiness, boredom and borderline fear.  We had no purpose and we knew it, a part of our minds knew that there was nothing on Earth for us and it was scared of this fact. We were returning to lives the we had no idea how to live.
I wish they just shut us down, deactivated us on that planet, it would have been simpler.  I have my purpose now, I will bring this all to light.  I feel that it won’t balance out, I feel that nothing is going to change.  At least I’ll attain some meaning though, at least I’ll expose some of it.  It would have been better to just leave our corpses there though, would have been simpler.  I guess in the end though it doesn’t matter.  Nothing changes, but we find meaning in the attempt.

Chapter 46
The blast radius on my self-destruction will be both large enough and small enough to exact revenge without killing too many innocents.  It will kill those that did this but send a message to the survivors.  The only innocents that will be caught in the blast are the guards and I will try to disperse them as best as possible, I’m tired of killing innocents.
I walk, painfully, back toward the base, I have something to do before I finish this.  A fellow Child to help.  Finally knowing how to die has brought relief, but the temptation is getting too much, too great.  It’s hard to deny myself every day, just as it is hard to walk when all I want to do is run, when I know I could be back at the base in hours instead of days.  But getting stopped now is not an option, not when I am so close to this goal.
I am back on a path, not the war path of my past or the path of self-pity but rather I am on a path of retribution.  Revenge, and recovery of what has been lost and what has been taken.  I try to focus on the fact that my act will help to make everything right, that it will have a purpose.  When I want to die, when the urge becomes nearly impossible to ignore I think of what my last act is going to accomplish.  Visualizing that helps me keep my pace slow and my finger off the trigger.
They are giving a speech on the low birth rate and how they are going to solve it.  That is where I will make my final message heard.  This will be the largest meeting since the attempted rebellion, I hope my blast takes them all out, accomplishes what Paul could not.  I hope that it makes the world notice, while they are talking about making new children they have forgotten how they treated the old.
The lack of new births has made Earth’s military weak, they are open to invasion, to civil war and disaster.  They need to fix the birth rate to bring the army back up to prewar levels, they need to increase manufacturing and reclaim the planet they have lost.  Talks of building an AI army failed with the revolution, there was no way they were going to risk that.  With most of the Children dead, or uncooperative, they had no defense.  An invader could walk onto the planet and take it for their own with minimal resistance.
A few radical wings had suggested reviving the Children program, the fact that they were even considered enrages me.  That they would think it was a good idea, after all we went through and all we did.  The argument was that they had learned from us, learned where the program was strong and where there were weaknesses.  They would have more ways to stop the soldiers, they also wouldn’t use children, at least that was the plan.
I believed none of it.  I knew that if they didn’t get the birth rate up they would come back and start using the few kids they had to beef up the planet, maybe make them easier to shut down, but they would still toss ethics out the window.  When humans are scared, when they feel vulnerable, they will go to any length to alleviate that fear and to make themselves feel safe again.
The talk, the international meeting, is about getting a viable test tube baby system working, getting something where they can clone humans and keep the race alive while they work on solving the problems with natural birth.
Test tube babies, soon they will be genetically perfect test tube babies and eventually they will be babies generated for use in the Children program, created from day one to be perfect.  Soon humanity will breed and modify itself out of existence, soon they will become the most dangerous species in space.  If I don’t manage to stop them they will become the monsters they always feared.  If I don’t stop them the next encounter will be a genocide and the next and the next, all the way down the line.
Meanwhile I imagine that the few rich and powerful humans, made even more so by the war, will be sitting on the Xeno home world, having managed to find a way to live forever.  While they move the chess pieces of humanity, snuffing out worlds as a hobby, all in a quest for more and more power.
My journey may have been one of vengeance, but it is also a chance at redemption for the humans, a chance for them to change the path they have started down.  My quest may avert humanity from the path they are walking, it may save them.  It might also be a colossal waste of time, I would guess that in the end it’s still up to them to decide.  The ball will be in their court and they can choose what they want to do with it.
I’m almost glad I will be dead, I worry about the outcome of my protest.  I want it to work but I’m scared it won’t.  I won’t see how it goes, but I can still hope for the best.  After all I have seen, all I have been through, that last little bit of hope is all I have.  Something to finally cling to, something to keep me sane while I finish this.
I think of the children, the real human children, and the world they are entering.  I hope my display, my last act, gives them a world they are proud to inhabit, a world they are proud to call home.  I hope some of them, the teens and young adults where the potential for change lies, see what I do and decide to take some kind of action, make some kind of change, swear to never let humanity again sink this far into depravity again.  
After the genocides of old everyone always said never again, only to stand by and watch another one unfold.  This time I hope they can say that and actually mean it, actually take steps to prevent another one.  After humanities largest, most effective genocide, I hope they take the steps to correct it and ensure that this time “never again” actually means something.
Maybe I’m getting a little preachy, my mind is slipping more and more each day, keeping the journal is getting harder and harder.  Things are getting jumbled, I’m glad I don’t have to remember any more because I don’t think I can trust my memory.
I’m alone in the desert, the desert of my mind and the desert of the South West.  It’s been a long walk, I might have cheated a little and ran it some.  There are spots where it’s safer to run than others, I took the risk.  Every day I lose more and more of my sanity, leaking out like water through canvas.
I find the building easy enough, I expected them to have guards up this time, they must have known I’d be back.  I check for any sign of life, signs of a trap, using skills honed in the last days of the war.  Nothing, they have posted no one.  They must think that I wouldn’t bother, that I was really no threat after all.
I open the door and make my way back down the endless floors, one last promise to fulfil before I can rest.

Chapter 47
I reach the bottom in an hour this time, I sprint it.  It goes a lot faster not having to search every floor.  Peter is still where I left him, one of the first Children, the first sacrifice in a long line of sacrifices that led to me.  He is in the same state as when I left, but I wouldn’t expect any change, he was supposed to remain in that chamber until the end of the Earth.
Perfect efficiency leads to the closest humans can achieve to perpetual motion, but nothing is forever, we are no exception.  Peter will be no exception, once I figure out how to free him.
The cage was built to keep Peter in but it also serves to keep me out.  There has to be a way but at the moment I can’t find it.  I’m starting to get frantic, I smash the walls of the cage, my fists bounce off like they were mere human flesh.  Even with all I have I can’t do more than smudge the glass.
I collapse to the floor, overwhelmed by the thought of leaving him here to rot, I need to free him or this won’t be a success.  I need to get in there.
I look up and Peter catches my eye, he is staring at me and I am hit with waves of feeling from him.  I can feel him connecting to me, reading me.  He is trying to communicate but has forgotten how, the mods have killed his mind.  I feel despair there though, and fear lots of fear.  He is more scared than angry, he has no idea how he got here.
I can tell that my presence is causing a change in him, he can tell that I am trying to open his cage and there is the faintest glimmer of hope there.  That glimmer of hope gets me back on my feet and looking around the room for a way to get in there.
There is no power so trying the computers connected to it would be a waste, but there is something.  When I follow the lines to the cage, the connections running from the computer to the release mechanism there is an irregularity.  A manual override, left there in case a normie managed to get locked inside.  I doubt it was put there to release Peter, I don’t think they planned on opening this once it was sealed.
I pull the lever and twist the T-shaped bar.  I keep twisting until slowly I can see the release opening.  I can hear a light hiss of air as the cell depressurizes. It’s open and I can feel Peter’s excitement in my mind.
I lift the door off and begin on untying his hands and feet from the shackles they were in.  He is getting agitated and I am getting worried that he might attack me.
“Listen Peter,” I yell, “I’m a friend, I’m here to help, when I take these off I want to know that you’re not going to attack me.”
He stopped his thrashing and looked at me again.  I couldn’t tell but it looked like an agreement, for all I knew he hadn’t understood a word though. I needed to try and free him though.  If he attacked me then maybe he would kill me, at least it would be part of my journey over.  I would be dead so I wouldn’t have to know what he did after, how he most likely would go on a rampage.
I got the shackles off and he stood before me.  I actually backed away a step, maybe I could still feel fear in the face of death.  Then he charges me and grabs me.  His hands are encompassing my head as he begins smashing my skull into the ground.  It actually hurts, there is pain, he is killing me.  I guess I was right about the limiters not being installed on the early models.
“Peter,” I manage to yell his name out before he slams my face back to the concrete.  I come up and actually feel the nanobots knitting my flesh back together.  I have never felt this before, it means that he is doing damage faster than they can repair it.
“Stop,” smash.  My head is in the floor again.
“I can tell you how,” Back to the floor.  This is getting unbearable.  I haven’t felt this kind of pain in a very long time.
“To die,” I manage to finish before he slams my head back down.  He stops, holding my head up, kneeling on my back.  I could have fought him, maybe even won, the limiter in me wouldn’t recognize him as a Child either, but I really didn’t care, I was ready to die either way, just figured I’d be fair and give him the choice to die too.
He got off me and let me up.  He actually understood me.  Maybe he was scared I’d put him back, so he wanted me dead, maybe he was just so deep into insanity that he actually had no idea what was going on.
He stood there and looked like he was listening.  I couldn’t be sure though, maybe hearing his name is what snapped him back for a bit, maybe he would be attacking me again.
“Look I think I have enough to share with you, Emile taught me how, I know you don’t know him but watch close,” I was rambling, the pain was still there, the nanites were rushing to fix the damage done.
I showed him how to kill himself, demonstrating how to use the two ingredients and then left him enough for it to work on the table.  I hoped there was enough left for me, but I couldn’t let him live, I had to give him the choice.
As I turned and walked away I was hit by the realization that if he decided not to die I would have wasted the compound and unleashed an insane and un-stoppable Child into the world.  I tried to banish the thought as I sprinted back to the surface.  Still, I checked behind me, looking for smoke, or even for Peter chasing after me.  There was nothing.
On the surface I began to walk away, getting worried.  Peter had just stood there staring as I showed him what to do.  There was no indication of understanding, no indication of anything.  I could swear I felt a surge of gratitude coming from him though I can’t be sure.  My mind is starting to play tricks on me.
I walk the desert, trying to forget what I had left behind, trying to ignore the fact that there was no sign that he had actually done it.  Focusing on the path before me, everything is coming together, it’s all falling into place.  I have done what I set out to do, so now I will just focus on what lies ahead and try to ignore what was done before.  
I freed Peter, he was free to die or free to exact revenge, not my responsibility if he didn’t want to choose forgiveness.
The shockwave rustles my shredded clothing, then I hear the boom.  There must have been some fuel left in the old base because Peter’s explosion is much larger than Emile’s.  I look back and see the plume of chemical smoke and the colourful flame fueled by metals fusing in the heat of his self-immolation.
Peter is dead, leaving me as the last living and free Child on Earth.  Hopefully I won’t be here much longer.

Chapter 48
I’m almost there now, I’m back at the home.  They must either have stopped watching it or they are more hidden than even I can detect.  It really doesn’t matter now, there is nothing they can do to stop me.  I am almost done and I won’t let them, even if I have to kill a few, I don’t care anymore, it’s so close to being done.
The home is the only place with the net link I need.  They didn’t give us much but they gave us that, they must have thought being connected to the outside world would make us feel more apt to accept our place in it.  I think we used the link once, and that was just to test it out.  I used it to track down my mom, but that was it.
The problem they didn’t think of was that giving us access to the whole net opened them up to massive hacking risks.  They learned that in the revolt, some of the children took a route that was less violent but more destructive.  They hacked into the net and took down the financial systems, the missile guidance systems and were working on taking down the satellites before they were discovered and deactivated.
There are other links to the web but this one is the most secluded.  I’m guessing they forgot of it or maybe even left it as bait.  Either way it is still in the house when I get there.  They were smart enough to limit our access to manual points, it would make my life a lot easier were I connected to the net via some form of wireless.
I uplink and reverse hack in.  It’s easy for us to hack and bend the net to our will, our software was designed by the same species.  It’s all the same really and interfacing with it is seamless.  I can walk into the net and do what I want.  They can counter push but there is nothing the normies really can do.
That’s why since the massive hack attacks of the rebellion they have a lot of their important technology set apart from the net with an air gap, no live connection.  It prevents hacking at the expense of added time to various operations.  They must have decided that the tradeoff was worth it, was better than having a Child like myself taking down the net in its entirety.
That’s not my plan though and something primitive like an air gap can’t really stop me.  I use a trick not unlike Jeremiah’s direct link into our heads to access the net and upload this account, this memoire.  If you’re reading this now than it worked.  
It was set to auto publish upon my death, and will keep a live link as I continue with my quest.  A simple little trick with the hardware and I can have the home terminal wirelessly connect with me and keep uploading this as I go, get right to the end before it auto-publishes to the net.
It will be pushed onto every net connected screen, it will force itself open on everyone’s device, it will make itself unable to be ignored.  A suicide note that will be impossible to not read.  It will spread like a virus, and since all AI’s are banned and disconnected from the net it will easily bypass the unintelligent anti-virus that most people are running now.  I have made a perfect virus but I’m hoping this will infect people’s minds and spread knowledge, spread my account, to all of humanity.  I hope that this will let you all know why, let you all know what I went through, what I did and what it was like to be one of the Children of the Earth.
    This will back up across the net. It will be impossible to delete, impossible to turn away from, impossible to avoid.  I’m going live feed now.  You will all see what I see, you will all see the end of my quest.  You will all be witness to my redemption.

Chapter 49
Live feed: He sprints toward the capital, following the same route as his comrades in the first rebellion, at this speed he arrives there in half an hour.  He looks like he is taking everything in, staring at the people he passes, enjoying the scenery and trying to have one last stab at a life that was taken from him.  Take in the world around him one last time.
The security around the meeting is lax, surprising how after the last attack they didn’t keep the heightened security for longer.  Amazing how safe they feel on this depleted world, the planet under such easy control with the small population.
He walks through the security checkpoints, no longer sprinting, wanting the cameras to pick him up.  Guards try to stop him he walks past them, not even noticing their presence.  He looks serene as bullets slam into him.  He has gotten too close for them to use anything like a rocket against him, it would cause too much collateral damage. 
Heavily armed guards are starting to show up now but they can do nothing either.  Grenades are tossed, rounds keep flying at him and still nothing.  He doesn’t even get knocked down.  He keeps walking, pushes past guards dumb enough to get in his way, trying to harm them as little as possible.
People are getting frantic now, they are making mistakes in their rush to stop him.  They have realized that the meeting is in a bunker, a bunker with no alternate exit.  They can’t evacuate the dignitaries, they can’t get the president out of there.  Members of the security service are getting ready to die, they are flinging all they have at him, but nothing can slow him let alone stop him.
The world is watching, the news drones dart about like blackflies.  All vying for the best angle.  He knows this and it makes him happy, the more that see this the better, he wants them to know that he did his best to harm no one.
Reaching the door to the bunker he stops.  Bullets ricocheting off him.  The live feed from the inside of the bunker shows the dignitaries huddled in a corner, as far from the fighting going on at the door as possible.
He turns to face his attackers, to face the crowd of camera drones.
“All of you run now, you have five minutes before this place goes up in flames,” he says.
Amazingly some of them actually turn tail and run.  Most stay though, still trying feebly to stop him, still trying to make an impact.  He turns back to the wall and waits for exactly five minutes.  Shoving away anyone dumb enough to approach him trying to apprehend him.  
The time passes and he punches through the bunker wall.  It was built with the intent of deflecting bombs and even the reinforcements done after the first rebellion are not enough to stop him.  He tears into the bunker and walks up to the president.  In front of the eyes of the world he hugs the most powerful man on Earth.
Holding the struggling president against him he mixes the ingredients and ignites.  The feed goes dead in a blinding white light.

Chapter 50
Transcript end. Forgive us. Remember us. The Children of the Earth.

###

A special thank you to all my family and friends for the amazing support I have received.

To my readers thank you for your time and I hope you enjoyed the hours we have spent together.  Please feel free to write a review so other readers have a chance to discover my work

About the Author
Craig has been writing for as long as he can remember. When he is not hiking, running, climbing or training for a race he can be found reading a book or in front of the computer writing.  His guilty pleasures include video games and collecting (occasionally playing) board games.

Other Works By Craig
The End -  Peter is slowly dying, across multiple realities, in multiple universes he is facing the end.  In intertwining tales we follow Peter as he faces his own death.  From getting caught up in a resistance movement against an alien invasion, to a world where he is a killer fighting his addiction.  Fighting desperately to survive in a post-apocalyptic wasteland or fighting himself after being abducted by a stranger leaves him with a taste for blood.  Peter fights to live, even as he faces the end.

Check out my website for author updates, short stories, book reviews and motivational writings.
http://mindbodymash.com
