

Magen: Heart of the South
C. J. Watterson
Contributions by Sam Watterson
 
Copyright 2010 C. J. Watterson
Smashwords Edition



Table of Contents

Chapter 1: Prisoners of War
Chapter 2: Kalhar
Chapter 3: The Headless Hydra
Chapter 4: Desperate Measures
Chapter 5:  Those Who Take Control...
Chapter 6: The Relentless Force
Chapter 7: Seekers of the Key
Chapter 8: The Mindfield
Chapter 9: Return of the Black Knight
Chapter 10: ...Do So with Higher Ideals
Chapter 11: A Price to be Paid
Chapter 12: The Key to Power
Chapter 13: Trouble at Trella
Chapter 14: Fatal Beauty
Chapter 15: Journey to the Underworld
Chapter 16: The Immovable Rock
Chapter 17: Lost in the Battle
Chapter 18: Child’s Play
Chapter 19: The Sword of Damoclus
Epilogue


Dedication
To my wife, who spared me for some few hours to format this digital edition.

Chapter 1: Prisoners of War
“This disease is beyond my practise”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

The rain came down hard and steady, almost sheet-like – as it often did in South Terranch. It pulsated with the gusting breeze. Ghost-like the train from Gahon drifted to a stop at Falra station. It was well after midnight and the new morning not far off. The rain splashed itself to droplets on the make-shift armour of the troop transport. It drummed throughout the carriages, and it seemed to summon the soldiers to action.
The doors were flung wide, medics in their white waterproofs hurried out with the most critical patients. Hover-pads were waiting and swiftly whisked away to Falra’s limited field hospital. Some few units of Guards disembarked escorting the more mobile Es’ston wounded. There was a brief lull and then the station was thronged again. Guardsmen formed up in preparation to unload the few hundred Es’ston prisoners. Snipers were sent on ahead to take position along the winding path that led up the hill to the main compound. The prisoners were ushered forth in small groups. Each one to be chipped, registered, rated, ranked and in some cases interrogated.
Occasional scuffles broke out, but more frayed tempers at fault than genuine escape attempts. Spirits were low on both sides. The weather was dismal, blustery and wet. Then the process of quartering began, Falra had no-where to put up the Guards. In the muddy damp Division 66 began putting up their tents around the station grounds. Some chose to stay on the train, but it was dark, smelly, cold and brought back the hauntings of the battle.
Morning dawned bright, as the skies cleared – but far too early for the Guards that had just begun their sleep after a long day. Magen and Yicle splashed their way across the muddied trodden ground of the compound. They had decided to explore the peculiarity that was the Falra prisoner of war camp. Situated on a hilltop it over-looked the bogs, or fens that surrounded it – a tree line in the far distance, but otherwise remote. 
The camp was divided into two parts, a low security, rather impromptu ‘settled’ camp and the higher security ‘acclimatisation’ section. They were in the ‘settled’ part. Unassuming, it was like a small rural village of wooden huts and pre-fab cabins. Some of these being family homes, others shared. A wooden palisade fence surrounded the village in double rings with nothing more than simple barbed wire to deter escape. Many Seaton Guards were on patrol – but the same was true of a regular Seaton settlement. The village were expected to organise themselves and manage the resources supplied by the Seaton captors. In a cruel twist of irony, this was almost like an autonomous Es’ston colony on Seatus.
The ‘acclimatisation’ group however was run under much stricter, though drier terms. A high concrete wall hid this part of Falra from view. It was here the Seatons weeded out the troublemakers, escape artists and die-hards. They endeavoured to keep these separate from the Es’stons who were quite happy to wait out the war.
Magen was of course in quest of a fresh cup of coffee. He had little patience for the insta-brew military rations. He and Yicle were not up early, they simply had never gone down. Following their noses, they soon tracked down the village café. Out of the humble wood hut wafted the tantalising smells of fresh roast coffee and baked pastries.
It was still fairly quiet, there were some privileges afforded a centurion. While his swordsmen broke camp, mustered, breakfasted and did their morning drills directed by sergeant Thelas, he could take a much needed break. They took a table outside on the veranda. It was cold, but Yicle was still wearing his armour and most establishments regarded that as discourteous – more so an Es’ston one in the middle of a POW camp. A young Es’ston waitress appeared to take their order – too young to be anything other than a native of Seatus.
“Your orders?” she asked in the common Es’ston dialect.
Under the subject of “Know your enemy” all Seaton Guard were required to learn some Es’ston phrases. More often covering basics like, “Stop or I’ll shoot!” and “Surrender now!”. Magen and Yicle did know a word or two.
“Please, coffee have can I?” he said roughly.
“I’ll have the same and a tasty bun,” Yicle added smiling, knowing his sentence flowed far better than Magen’s.
The coffee came, dark, bitter and thankfully strong. Not a refined taste, but a good kick up the backside. However, instead of a bun, Yicle found himself served with a spread of breads, cheeses and preserved meats.
“On the house,” the girl explained.
“Did something get lost in translation?” Magen queried, helping himself.
“No, I don’t think so – I think she just liked us – or rather me.”
“Typical!”
Yicle sipped his coffee, surveying the compound, “Not a bad place here,” he commented, “Do the Es’stons treat their POWs as well?”
“They probably don’t have so many,” Magen mused, “I wouldn’t really know. You wouldn’t want to live here though.”
“No, it would be a bit uncomfortable around so many Es’stons.”
“But if you were Es’ston.”
“I think I’d survive, certainly a place conducive to sanity. Not really like a prison camp. I mean where’s the hot box for one thing,” Yicle gestured around.
“I think they’ve probably got better methods of punishment – like sending them to Colat...”
“Colat?”
“It’s a high security prison, up near the Black Mountain, so I’ve heard,” Magen explained.
 “Nah, definitely wouldn’t want to live here,” Yicle finally confessed, “A little bit too ascetic.”
They chatted over a good few coffees and watched as Falra stirred to life. Some guards began to trickle up from Division 66, signalling their duties were at an end for the time being. Magen checked the time.
“I should go. I’ve got a briefing with Rossi about now, I imagine we’ll be heading on soon.”
“Mmmh. Well, I’ll see you in a while. I’m going to investigate the rest of this settlement.”
“Is that wise? On your own?”
“Should be safe enough, there are plenty of Guards about.”
They parted. Yicle was left to cover the bill, he sighed noting Magen had left his rain coat behind – and the weather so uncertain. Magen headed out of the compound towards the Seaton settlement nearby.

 “Unuhh,” Ariot moaned. He was awake now, but wishing he wasn’t. Every time he moved the slightest bit, he felt a sharp pain shooting up his leg. If he didn’t move, he was still faced with the dull deep throbbing pain. He gritted his teeth and just willed it to cease.
He had slept badly last night. With every little turn or movement, his sleep would be broken. It was no easy task getting over in the first place.
“Gaahh!” another patient moaned.
Ariot opened his eyes. It was no good. It was morning, and light again. He was surprised to see his surroundings had changed. He was no longer on the stretcher bed he had occupied on the train. He lay on a reasonably spacious hospital bed. Surrounding him was a translucent light blue curtain. Shadows cast by the light of the early morning passed to and fro.
He lay trance like for a while, trying to guess at the shadows. A trolley passed, a nurse perhaps. It felt bright and airy. It was a comfort after the cramped conditions of the train.
“Gnah!” there was a grunt from the patient next to him. The whole ward seemed to be filled with the sounds of discomfort and pain. Ariot began to wish they would stop. It was getting quite wearing. Surely, they could stand a bit of pain?
“Ah!” he gave a sharp gasp then as he shifted slightly.
He looked down at his leg, whisking aside the blanket covering him. They’d put a cast on it. That meant it was bad. What was it that had hit him?
He thought back. He remembered jumping out of the train. Magen was down. All the noise, the constant buffeting and rattle of machine gun fire. He’d fired back, but at what? Then it was a blur. Everything happened so fast. They’d moved off towards the tank. He remembered following them. There was no cover! The memory seemed so vivid, he’d felt so exposed.
Then he was hit. The blood spraying, the pain. He re-lived it, and shuddered. He was lying there prone out in the open. He heard the screams again, and his own... He’d passed out, he was sure. The next thing he remembered was recovering to see Janessa working on his leg, what was left of it. All he could see was what looked like a shapeless mass.
It was horrible, grotesque – he shuddered again. He could not bear it. He touched his leg gingerly; it seemed that it was whole. What was under the cast? He felt panicky now. He felt his heart throbbing. And they’d make him go back again, the thought of returning to the battlefield was impossible. The memories were nightmarish – and they wouldn’t go away! He began to weep, shaking and clutching his blanket...
Was that Janessa’s voice? He studied the shadows of the curtain. Quickly he dried his tears with his blanket. The curtain was twitched aside, and Janessa stood in the opening. The sunlight streamed past her, causing a slight silhouette. She carried a tray, it was indistinct.
“Good morning Ariot! Good to see you’re awake. How’re you feeling? – Are you okay?” She noticed that he didn’t look too good.
“Not too great,” he said weakly, “I didn’t get much sleep. You’re not going to do more surgery?” he asked apprehensively, indicating the tray.
“Oh no, this is your breakfast,” she gave a slight laugh. “You should have taken a painkiller like I said,” she chided.
“I don’t need to be doped up,” Ariot said sulkily, really wishing he had.
Janessa was pleased to let people suffer, if they were going to be stubborn, and she certainly didn’t have time for men trying to be macho.
“Well enough...” She set down his tray, popping out its legs. She helped Ariot into sitting position. Then she set up a chair for herself.
“Will I be able to walk again?” Ariot studied his food. It looked like they were in South Terranch. They were fond of sausages, or at least there was a plentiful supply of them. They were big into pig farming in the South, anyone could keep one. People ate what they got (which wasn’t entirely true, because one could get – say, oranges from Jahiro, but sausages were far cheaper).
“Oh probably. That leg should support you again in a week or so. It will take a while to heal fully, and you’ll have to stay out of action for at least three months. There are likely a few hair line fractures we didn’t get with the bone fusers too.”
“Did it, em... you know, come off?” Ariot asked tentatively.
“Ariot, these aren’t questions to be asking just before eating your breakfast...” Janessa said, but Ariot clearly felt this was important, for some irrational reason. “No, the Es’ston rail-guns have very high penetration...”
Ariot forked one of his sausages – at least there was no chance of it looking like something that had been alive once. He hated chickens, and prawns. He pondered briefly whether this was the usual hospital fare, perhaps Janessa had gone to some extra bother – then again, perhaps not.
“So where are we? What’s happening? We won the battle?” Ariot asked, mouth full.
Janessa sighed; it seemed sometimes she was just a shoddy replacement for AstroCom. At least she didn’t look computer generated. “We’ve stopped over at Falra. It’s a prisoner of war camp. We’re leaving the Es’stons off here. Then we’ll be moving on, I presume. We did win the battle – but, you’ll notice a lot of missing faces...” she finished sadly.
“Is everyone okay?”
“Yes, all except you, of course.” She assumed by everyone, he meant everyone in the squad. The others were missing faces.
“So, what’s going to happen now?”
“Later today we’ll be heading on to Kalhar. We’ve probably missed the main troop movement though, so we’ll be going alone – that’s what everyone says.” Janessa stood up and started to fold her chair.
“Will I be going?”
“Yes, I know that much,” She smiled, “You’ll be glad to know. There isn’t room here, and the transport has decent facilities too, so we’ll be taking most of the injured with us. That is, the ones that will have recovered in a month’s time. I’ve got to go now, I have lots of patients to attend to. I’ll see you later.”
Janessa turned to leave. In a moment, Ariot panicked, he didn’t want to be left alone. He had to talk to someone. He grabbed her sleeve. She wasn’t on that kind of duty at the moment though. They had skilled hands to spare.
“Janessa, I don’t want to go in there again,” he blurted out, almost whimpering.
She got the chair out again, and sat back down. She held his hand. Strange, she imagined Ariot as the type to want to get back out there fighting the minute he could hold a blaster. She was expecting to have to restrain him.
“Ariot... I don’t want to fight either. I thought I did. I thought I hated Es’stons enough to be able to kill them. I don’t, and I can’t – not after yesterday. I had to tend their wounds, calm them, talk to them, understand them. They’re just people, like you and me – caught up in a stupid war. A war that nobody’s even sure of how it started...” Janessa said softly.
“You don’t understand!” he cried out, pulling his hand away from Janessa. He blubbered for a moment, “I’m afraid. I’ve never been afraid like this before.” He pulled himself together a bit, “I’ve worked in shipyards. You see some pretty bad stuff, terrible injuries, I’ve even had to deal with corpses – and it’s not pretty when something goes wrong with a plasma cutting torch.
“I just feel so afraid. I can’t bear the thought of going into battle again. I… I couldn’t see them... I was just firing my blaster wildly, there was nothing to fire at! I couldn’t see them!” He finished almost hysterically, as the images flashed on his inner eye again.
“None of us could – they were using some kind of camouflage device,” she comforted softly.
“…Everything was just so confusing. I didn’t know what was going on – and oh! I just keep hearing the noise! It’s unbearable! I couldn’t think, everything was just happening too quickly,” Ariot continued.
Janessa had seen this before. There were so many that came out of battle with more than mere physical scars. This was really one of those things that was beyond her abilities.
“Ariot, it’s only human to be afraid of battle, it’s okay.” 
But it wasn’t, because he would be sent into battle again. The officers had no sympathy for a soldier who claimed he was afraid of battle. That was no excuse. If it were only those who were brave or knew no fear, very few indeed would be going into battle.
“It’s not okay. I have to fight!” He said through clenched teeth, “I have to fight the Es’stons – it’s my duty to Seatus, and to my honour...” His face was a picture of anguish, “But I can’t,” he shivered again at the thought of battle. He sobbed again, trying to gulp back tears he didn’t want to shed.
Janessa looked at him sadly, searching for words of solace – poor Ariot. He was feeling worthless right now.
“Not everyone has to fight in battle,” she began, not entirely sure what she was going with that, “Like, the people who make our armour, are fighting. The people who grow the food for us to eat, they’re fighting too...”
Ariot seemed to think for a moment. Yes of course! He could fight with his ideas, and design new weapons, like the sword. He brightened a bit.
“I really need to go now...” Janessa said, “I’ll come back soon.”
“Can you get me a pen and some paper?”
Janessa thought this request a little odd, considering their conversation. “Well okay.” She walked off. She was worried about Ariot. His brothers would be visiting later, maybe they could help – well Elshan anyway, he was understanding. Ogher, well he could be a bit abrasive...

The porta-cabin door opened a crack, admitting Magen and a blast of rain. He blew a drip from his nose and wiped his damp hair aside. Good, the meeting hadn’t begun yet – the centurions were just chatting. He was drenched to the skin. He took a seat near a radiator paying little attention to anyone.
“…It was insane. So, Magen gives the order to open fire right. So I pop up over the tank’s hull, business as usual – and next thing I know, I’m panned out on the ground, and there’s this little disk thing halfway buried in my chest plate. It felt like I’d been hit by – I dunno – a Mk3 Defender. You know them massive tanks, the ones like bunkers.
“Anyway, there I was – and I thought, hey! If the thing is only halfway through my armour, that means it’s no ways through me. I thought, hey! I’m still awake too, maybe things aren’t so bad. So I try to get up – it hurts like hell, but what’s a little pain. I grab my blaster. I swear from then until the end of battle I didn’t feel a thing!”
Grammas, centurion of 661, was explaining his wound, which currently no-one could see. “Turns out I had a load of broken ribs.”
“It was a rail-gun then?” Magen asked, having caught the gist of the story.
“Yeah, probably one of those titchy ones they got...” Grammas was a Terranchian, he was big, strong, and would never admit pain. He maintained an enormous bushy moustache that drooped down either side of his mouth. He had virtually no neck to speak of. He was generally cheery and friendly. He wasn’t too hot on tactics, or planned battles. As far as he was concerned you shot weapons at the enemy until either they were dead, or you were. All the same the men liked him, and were likely to do whatever he commanded.
“Still, I wonder why it did not penetrate?” Dektri felt obliged to point out. 
He was Jahiran. He always thought there had to be a catch, or something he wasn’t being told. It was growing up in a ruthless trade environment that did it – so some theorised. Dektri was always quick to point out he had grown up in Terranch, so everyone put it down to a racial trait. Dektri would then laboriously point out that Terranchi and Jahirans were in fact the same race. Then they blamed his parents.
Dektri had however been a trader, which was often overlooked in those people eager to psychologise him. Growing up in Gahon, he had noticed a distinct lack in exotic goods, or heard about it. His father had a tendency to mumble about things that worried him. So Dektri had taken on his father’s life ambition, and had become an importer of exotic goods from Jahiro. It turned out to be quite lucrative, seeing as how nobody in Gahon had seen a dried apricot before.
He had joined the army, principally because his business had been ruined. Es’ston raiders had sunk his freighter hover-ship, and then his warehouse had spontaneously decided to burn down. He always blamed competitors. In a further twist of fate, he had spent most of his capital on expensive Jahiran clothes – they burnt well. So he was broke.
Dektri knew people. That was his strength, he could predict the whims and demands of a large group of people. That was what made him a good leader. He was also good at ‘selling’ orders to the men.
He was a short man, slightly broad. He kept his dark hair closely cut, but wore a large unkempt beard. His skin was slightly tanned, probably from the time he had spent in Jahiro.
“A ricochet maybe,” Magen suggested.
Magen knew Grammas and Dektri quite well by this stage. There were six centurions from Gahon and another four from Yar’sah in total in division 66. Until recently enough, Magen had assumed division 66 only had six centuries.
He looked around at the other centurions. There were only eight here now, two of which were injured, himself and Grammas. One had been killed in action, the other, whom Magen sort of knew was from Gahon. He was critically injured, another victim of the rail-gun. It was doubtful that he would return to active duty. Maybe they’d give him a desk job somewhere, or retire him altogether – if he lived.
“Tell us about your arm...” Grammas said, always eager for a good tale. 
“It’s nothing much, I was just glanced,” Magen said. He didn’t feel like talking cheerfully or exuberantly like Grammas and the others. It was like they were trying to pretend that it was nothing that two were missing. Two they had recently discussed tactics with, and fought with. It wasn’t serious... it could be anyone next.
What was Magen thinking? He didn’t even know them very well. Did he, at heart really feel distressed at their loss? Maybe they were being more realistic than him?
“Nothing!?” Grammas questioned, “Magen, a rail-gun hit is never nothing, and I heard you were fighting hand to hand...”
“More like sword to hand,” Magen gave a weak smile, “Hardly an even match.” There had been so many lives lost – and what else had been lost, fathers, mothers, siblings – humanity? How could he care for so much, so much he simply didn’t know? He did not care... This solemnity was a feeble way of caring, it helped no-one, and only served to salve his own conscience. He did not really feel, but yesterday. Yesterday, he had been moved, he had even been ill. He held on to that repulsion, without thought, he had felt that.
“Come on Magen, I’d be surprised if you don’t get at least recommended for promotion for that. Real initiative – I mean, what about...” Grammas gestured expansively, indicating that he had a vision, “Swordmaster of Solara!”
Dektri, Magen and a few others laughed at that, after a few moments Grammas joined in when he realised he had just made a joke. Grammas believed in rewards.
“Sure, that whole thing with the swords is just one of Damoclus’ crackpot ideas,” Centurion Echla scoffed. 
Presumably she thought she was going with the mood, misinterpreting the scepticism at the idea of promotion for Magen, as scepticism of the idea of using swords in modern warfare. She was one of the ones from Yar’sah, they only heard the stories about Damoclus.
“It may that it is a crackpot idea,” Dektri decided to defend. He didn’t like it when people talked ill of others, “But it is one that seems to work.”
Echla seemed affronted, and drew herself into arguing a point that she wasn’t really making, “It was merely favourable circumstances...”
“Ah! But Magen and his century were there to capitalise on it. You should have seen them charge in, and the shock on the Es’stons’ faces...”
“Yeah!” Grammas agreed, “That was a double whammy for us.”
Suddenly they all shut up, Rossi had entered the room. They all stood to attention and saluted. Rossi returned the salute.
“At ease!” he barked.
“Be easier if he wasn’t here,” Echla muttered, as she sat back in her chair.
They were in one of the base’s briefing rooms. The chairs were arranged round a central table. They all sat sideways, to face the head, where Rossi stood. The room majored on grey. The walls were unpainted concrete, and the floor was covered with a dingy carpet, that had possibly once been a warm apricot. It had faded to a mute grey.
Rossi tapped a few buttons on a console at the head of the table. A map of south Terranch appeared, their route plotted on it. Occasionally Rossi would use a visual aid.
“There are just a few things on our agenda. I’d like to be as brief as possible, so please don’t interrupt,” he declared meaningfully. He didn’t believe in discussion, it was just a needless waste of time. Unfortunately, the centurions were of the opposite opinion. Superior officers should listen first, then decide, they weren’t half creative enough to have all the good ideas.
“I’m just going to go over our plans. As you know, we have been severely delayed. We should have arrived in Kalhar late yesterday afternoon. It now looks like we’re going to arrive sometime early this evening.
“There are just a few things I should confirm. The army has already left for Solara.”
There were a number of disappointed groans. Well, there was no harm in hoping, Magen thought. The plans to break the siege were already in place, and moving. Once the mechanisms of such a large army gained momentum, there would be little chance of altering it. Especially for a mere thousand or so men. The Solaran troops would already be preparing for assault.
“Which means we have been left behind,” Rossi continued, “However, our orders,” he smiled grimly, “As you will have guessed. Are to continue on to Solara, despite this.” Even Rossi didn’t seem to like this reasoning. “In Kalhar we will rendezvous with division 62.” He gave a token tap on the location of Kalhar, just to justify to map being there, “Unfortunately, they have also been stranded as a result of our engagement yesterday. They will be sharing the transport with us and are likely to be working with us a good deal.
“I’d like you to get to know their commanders a bit. I expect you to treat them with the same respect you have for those in your own division. Okay, you might be separate divisions, but we don’t want you to be divided. SO I want none of this trying to ‘get one up’ on them and so on,” Rossi paced back and forth sternly.
“After this meeting you are to assemble your troops – those that are able bodied, and board the train. The medical personnel will deal with the injured, if they request any assistance, you will give it to them.”
“Sir!” Dektri raised his hand.
“What did I say about interruptions, Centurion Dektri?”
“Er, right sir, but... ”
“Dektri, I am telling you that this is the way it’s going to happen. I have my orders too. We’re taking the injured with us, whether you think it’s a good idea or not.”
“Right sir,” Dektri shut-up.
“Ahem,” Rossi tried to recollect his thoughts.
“After boarding sir!” Grammas suggested with a grin.
“Yes – that brings me to my final point – your troops. You are aware that we have taken quite severe casualties, and we have lost two centurions. In other words we need to re-organise things a bit. I have a few proposals here.” He downloaded some documents to their wristlets.
They spent the next half hour or so in discussion. Such and such a squad was really more suited to Grammas’ leadership style, and so on. Magen explained why he was better keeping his century reasonably homogenous, and etc.
The leaderless centuries were carved up to make up the numbers of the others, rather than appoint new centurions, it worked out well enough. Under power (five or less) squads were used to fill the slightly damaged ones. It was all quite tedious.
“Just make sure those patched squads integrate well. We’ll meet again when we arrive in Kalhar – and I think we can afford to give the troops a couple of hours free while we load up,” Rossi declared finally, “Right, dismissed!”
The centurions stood up and marched towards the door.
“Magen!” Rossi called as he approached.
“Yes, sir?”
Rossi indicated his dripping uniform, “What’s all this about? Standard issue coat not good enough for you?”
“No, sir, it’s fine, I just misjudged the weather this morning...” He had known that this was inevitable, but obviously he was beginning to like him better, otherwise he would have done it during the meeting.
“You wouldn’t want to be making a habit of that. Good judgement is the trait of a good leader.”
“Sir, it was the weather, it’s not important.”
“Damoclus would like to talk with you...”
“Tell him I’ll see him on the train,” Magen was busy right now, he had troops to assemble. “May I go now sir?”
“Yes, and weather is vitally important.”
“On the battlefield.”
“The battlefield can be anywhere, at any time,” Rossi advised.
How insightful. Magen left.

“Just try and be gentle, he’s feeling a bit vulnerable at the moment,” Janessa whispered in advice to the brothers just before allowing them in to see Ariot. She gave Ogher a cautioning look.
“What?! Are you saying I’m not gentle?” Ogher whispered hoarsely. On another occasion he might have taken the suggestion that he was soft or gentle as an insult.
Janessa drew back the curtain without further comment.
“Hello Ariot. Are you feeling any better this morning?” Elshan asked.
“A bit,” Ariot replied.
“I heard you were feeling a bit down...” Elshan suggested.
“Ah, don’t worry about it Ariot. You’ll be up and about in no time. I know how annoying it is to be laid up in bed, when everybody else is out and about having all the fun,” Ogher said cheerily, giving Ariot a pat on the shoulder.
“Mmph.” That thought didn’t cheer Ariot at all, if getting well meant he would have to go into battle again.
Elshan gave Ogher a worried look. Ogher got out a chair, Elshan took it.
“Thanks.” He sat down next to Ariot. “Here look, we heard that you didn’t want to fight again...” he began. Ariot frowned, as if trying not to cry. “The thing is...” Elshan played with his hands
“It’s called deserting, if you don’t,” Ogher said simply.
“I know! I know!”
Elshan gave Ogher a sour look, he turned back to Ariot. “It’s okay to be a bit scared – we’re all scared,” Ogher looked a bit uncomfortable with that, “But, we have to face our fears, otherwise – we are cowards.”
“I want to fight Elshan. I really do. I want to go into battle again – but I can’t, I just can’t. The mere thought just makes all my muscles lock up – I feel paralysed,” Ariot pleaded.
And that was not mere fear – that was something more serious, Elshan recognised. What could one do? It was a struggle he had to work out for himself. Hopefully he’d work it out before he had to go into battle again.
Elshan gave him a sympathetic pat on the shoulder. There was time enough yet.
“So what’s this?” Elshan picked up a writing pad off Ariot’s bedside table. He flipped over a few pages nonchalantly.
“Just a few ideas I’m working on,” Ariot felt relieved that they were leaving that discussion behind.
“I see the plasma sword Mk II is already on the drawing board.”
“Yes. I had this great idea of using two magnetic fields to trap the plasma – it’s much simpler than the micro pores.” Ariot tapped a particular sketch. “It means both edges can have a proper blade too – eliminating the need for a force generator. That’ll free up space for a power cell in the hilt!” Ariot enthused.
“I like it,” Ogher admitted, “I heard some of the men complaining about having problems moving their hands on the grip.” Elshan stood on his foot. No reaction.
“I was a bit concerned about that.”
“Isn’t it annoying when you spend ages getting a complicated system to work, only to discover that there’s a simple solution that would take less time to work out,” Ogher tried to sympathise.
“Mmh,” Elshan agreed.

“Right, just before we board the train, I’d like to get a little feedback. How you think we performed, problems with equipment, anyone feeling a bit out of it, how well you think our strategies worked all that kind of thing.” Magen stood before his century, hands behind his back. They were assembled in front of their carriage, as were many of the other centuries. Some were already on board.
Magen had rejected the idea of questionnaires, which would limit the response to the questions he asked – and snow him under with paperwork. This was a far better approach, he considered. Some hands went up, those bold enough to speak before the entire century.
“Sergeant Thelas?” Magen pointed at her.
“Yes, sir! I think those of us on the train were badly placed. The train was too much of a target, and didn’t have the corresponding armour...”
“Noted, sergeant.”
“If I may continue sir?”
“By all means...” Why did people have to pause misleadingly?
“I also think our tanks were poorly utilised – if we had all deployed on the field the instant we saw the track broken, maybe set out a few more armour blocks... The tanks could have scouted and discovered the spearhead advance.”
“Yes sergeant, of course we were completely unaware of the Es’ston position. And yes, we treated what were light tanks as heavy tanks – Anything else?”
“No, sir.”
“Right. Guard Andra?”
“Yes sir. I just felt the ‘palm power’ was a bit awkward. I had to keep a firm grip on the sword for it to stay powered. On several occasions, I found myself beating Es’stons with a lukewarm bar of metal.”
There were a few sniggers at that. It had to be admitted the image was quite comical, but it really was a serious problem.
“Right, I’ll have a talk with Ariot, see what can be done. Did anyone use the cable?” The hands went down temporarily. He expected that. “No. Okay. Go ahead Sergeant Katsul?”
“I know this might sound like a crazy idea... em, sir, but I was thinking a kind of shield would be really useful. You know, like for charging – and you know, bashing,” Katsul said nervously. He was aware that if it was a really stupid idea, he would have the whole century down on him like a ton of bricks.
Magen thought for a moment, he paced. “No, no, it’s certainly worth some consideration, possibly too bulky to carry around though... Thank you Sergeant Katsul.”
He asked a few others, but didn’t get much else. He realised that the other centuries were boarding, so he had to cut it short. He started the roll call. He was halfway through when he realised Yicle was missing. He omitted to call his name. “Right, everyone on to the train.” He grabbed Tyr’uc as the Guards streamed past, “Where’s Yicle?”
“I’m not sure... he might be down in the camp still.” Magen let Tyr’uc go then.
He activated his wristlet. An image of Yicle appeared.
“Where are you?” He demanded.
“Sorry, I’m a little late. I lost track of time...” Yicle apologised.
“I sent out an assembly message half an hour ago...”
Yicle looked sheepish, “I found this guy who made bracelets out of thread – isn’t that cool, I mean like, he takes a bunch of threads, and makes a bracelet. Anyway, I decided to get one for everyone.” He held up a few for Magen to see.
“Friendship bracelets?!”
“Yeah! And the colours all mean different things...”
Magen was not impressed, “How thoughtful. Yicle,” he said his name threateningly, “You’re lucky we don’t have an apartment right now...”
“Huh?”
“Otherwise you’d be cleaning the bathroom for the next three months – Just hurry up.” This was typical of Yicle, holding up the whole train.
“Centurion Agasan,” it was Rossi speaking over the comms, “The train is leaving in five minutes,” he informed. Magen didn’t reply.
Then Yicle appeared promptly. He must have been just on the other side of the station building. He looked quite nonplussed.
“Come on...” Magen beckoned, and got on the train. Yicle sprinted, jumping on board.
“Sorry,” he said again. “Want your bracelet?”
Magen grunted, taking it. It was quite pretty. They took their seats. Yicle started passing out the bracelets, getting varied reactions. Magen tied his on. It had an interesting diamond and cross pattern, with gold threads.
“Mine’s black,” Saar’ha said shortly.
Yicle shrugged, “I can’t help it, I just told the guy what you all were like, and he picked the colours...”
“What’s the point in the pattern if it’s uniform in colour?” Saar’ha demanded.
“Well you see, it’s symbolic of how things can seem all dark and mysterious and stuff, but really still have, em – a pattern. You know like hidden beauty, looking deeper kind of stuff...”
“Hmph.”
“I can’t get mine tied!” Curiba said in frustration, after four increasingly anger driven attempts.
Tyr’uc leaned over and helped her.
“It’s too tight,” she complained.
Tyr’uc loosened it. She gave a cute little smile, which one had to suppose was what made it all worthwhile for Tyr’uc.
“Oh, isn’t it beautiful,” Janessa admired it, raising up her wrist.
Magen admitted to himself, that it did, especially on that delicate, feminine wrist. He glanced around sharply, no-one seemed to have noticed. 
“They have all kinds of little industries in there – it’s really cool,” Yicle enthused, “It’s like a whole micro culture. I mean Es’stons living, here on Seatus. Isn’t that weird.”
“If not downright ironic,” Ogher seemed to agree. He played around embarrassedly with the bracelet. Clearly he didn’t want to put it on, but he didn’t want to offend Yicle.
“It still counts if you put it in your pocket,” Yicle smiled.
The train rumbled on. Well, actually it didn’t, because it was running on maglev tracks. There wasn’t that clatter of moving from one track section to another.

“Damoclus? You wanted to talk with me?” Magen walked over to the table where he was seated. He sat opposite.
“Yes...”
They were in the officers’ car. It was a real military carriage, equipped with proper firing slots, with pivot mounted plasma cannons powered by the engines. They were the kind of plasma cannon that could mow down Es’stons – and Guards, with equal ease. They could punch holes through walkers, and possibly even severely char the paintwork on a Defender MkII tank. 
From the outside, probably looked at lot like any other military car – but it wasn’t, it was an officers’ car. The décor was quite luxurious. There was clear bright lighting, and plenty of space. The seats were upholstered with a high quality red fabric, traced with some kind of pattern. They were well padded too, comfy. Why the High Command felt it necessary to put this red fabric on anything that looked like an officer might have to sit on, was anybody’s guess. There were little burnt patches all over the place.
It was part of the image though. You treated officers as important – so that they would look important to the troops. It also made promotion look worthwhile. The carriage was sparsely populated. There were little pockets of personnel dispersed broadly about. A hum of quiet discussion, in a way, adding to the sense of luxury about the place. Magen had noticed Salira, the base commander as he had walked in. 
She hadn’t seen him, and was talking to some other officers, so he didn’t bother her. The base had been left in the hands of the night commander, and the seconds. Solara felt that Salira, and in fact most of Terranch’s best commanders were needed to co-ordinate the attack. Arguably, they would have been more useful in Terranch, where excellence in command would be needed. With limited resources, creativity would be greatly in demand back in Terranch.
“What about?” Magen asked, with Damoclus, you almost always had to ask.
“I wanted to hear some of your thoughts on the battle...” Damoclus gestured at a cup of coffee sitting in front of Magen.
“You’re trying to bribe me with coffee? Didn’t we discuss addiction already?”
“I think so,” Damoclus admitted, “But go ahead anyway, I’m sure I won’t cause you to abandon your morals.”
Magen took a sip, “Thanks, I haven’t had a decent cup yet today.”
“So tell me your thoughts...”
“Well I didn’t like the way we used the tanks – and I thought the train proved to be very badly equipped to deal with heavy fire. Rossi’s tactics weren’t the best – but they worked okay...”
“No, no, I didn’t mean tactics. I meant how you felt – how did your men feel?”
“Terrible – you didn’t have to walk through that field. It felt like I had just chopped off my own arm. Damoclus – one moment we were fighting and killing Es’stons, like they weren’t even human. The next, we were tending their wounds, comforting them, listening to them…” he paused, “They’re just fighting a war they have to fight – like us. We’re trapped by leaders who don’t think peace is possible.”
“Yes Magen, but what happens when your feelings of repulsion pass...”
“What do you mean?” Magen couldn’t imagine losing this feeling.
“I mean Magen,” Damoclus leaned over the table slightly, “All of us who go into battle become changed men. Some talk of it as a kind of rite of passage. I am numb to it, I do not feel, that bitter taste I felt so long ago, seems sweet now. A time when I was whole and human...” He laid a hand on his chest, indicated, what he felt now, was loss – right there in his soul, “Right now, you might feel, but after, maybe two or three battles – you won’t anymore. It’s just not how people work, people shut off pain – abnormality becomes normality, because we can’t cope with it. Either that, or we are traumatised, and paralysed. We become haunted, destroyed men.
“But – you must remember it. You can’t always feel, but think... The Es’stons are not your enemies, that is what you need to remember. You don’t need to feel it, to know that it is the truth. That’s what you need to teach your men – for the future.” He relaxed, and sat back.
Magen thought about it for a while. He held the warm coffee mug in his hand, it was one of the best bits. You didn’t get quite the same effect with a non-ceramic mug though. He was already a killer – steeled to death. He was a soldier, part human, part monster. This was the sacrifice he had made for those he wished to defend. Somehow, to protect himself, parts were locked away, walled in and remote. This meant that parts of his human nature were denied – and that made him the monster. Perhaps, when it was all over, he could tear down the walls, or perhaps, he would not be able, perhaps even he could not defeat his own fortresses. He nodded solemnly to Damoclus.
“The future?”
“Some say there is none, that the war will stretch to eternity. That’s rubbish. Sooner or later, someone will fold, someone will lose that crucial battle, or fail to gather enough resources... Will I tell you what I think?” He said conspiratorially.
“Sure, go ahead.”
“I think it will be us.” He proclaimed.
Magen felt slightly ill then, why was he telling him this. “Why us?”
“Magen, we defend. We sit here behind armour that is over a foot thick. You’ve done Historical Tactics... How often, over a prolonged period of time, do the defenders win?”
Magen considered that, his mind was still fresh from the Time of Trialling, not that it needed to be. Anyone with their head screwed on knew this one, “Never!” he said almost with a gasp, as the light dawned.
“Hmm...” Damoclus nodded.
“Surely the Marshals know that!”
“Yes, but how can we say it – morale? And we don’t, so plenty can deceive themselves into thinking it’s not true. But we also have no option but to defend.”
“About a hundred Es’stons to one Seaton, I’ve heard... ”
Damoclus nodded, “Something like that, the point is, we are vastly outnumbered.”
“Then the only sensible course is diplomacy… Surrender.”
“Hush you fool!” the Marshal hissed, “Don’t say it so loud, you could get court-martialled for that.  It’s not possible…”
“Why not?”
“Pride, fear of the unknown, fear that we will lose our freedom – and perhaps... the High Marshal has something up his sleeve.”
“Like?”
“Probably something that isn’t legal to use in war.”
“Nuclear warheads, missiles?”
“Not a chance of getting within a thousand miles of Es’stus – I don’t know. You’re right, we are going to need a peaceful solution – otherwise, say goodbye to Seatus as you know it.”
“Do you think we have much longer?”
“It depends on how the siege goes...”
“Are we likely to win?”
“Yes – the question is – what will it cost us.”
“If all this is true – then why do you still seem hopeful?”
“There is hope. Any number of things could happen. For a start, this might be the first time the defenders win. We might yet find a peaceful solution – though not, I’ll warrant, with the current High Marshal. Alternatively, even if we are forced to use ‘diplomatic channels’, the world isn’t going to end. It might be a little more unpleasant though,” Damoclus gave a smile.
Why did Damoclus take such an interest in him? Why was he so keen to educate him – or was he testing him? Damoclus had some plan – some deeply laid cunning scheme, and somehow it involved him. It was impossible to divine what he had in mind. The only thing that was clear, was that Damoclus hoped for a peaceful solution, and yet he no more wanted to surrender Seatus to the Es’stons than any other commander or Seaton.
“You know something I don’t,” Magen said bluntly, scrutinising Damoclus for his reaction.
“Yes, I know lots of things you don’t,” Damoclus replied evenly. He seemed highly amused.
“So why don’t you tell me?”
“I have been, you will learn all these things in time.”
That meant that there was something Damoclus didn’t want him to know yet. Was there really something big going on, or was Damoclus just trying to build an impression – he did go in for a little of the dramatic.
“Just remember, Magen, sometime, sooner or later, the Es’stons will no longer be our enemies. The more of us realise that the better,” Damoclus concluded, that was all that he needed to do for now. Peace would not work unless Seatons and Es’stons were prepared for an equal footing.


Chapter 2: Kalhar
“I am in blood
Stepped in so far that, should I wade no more,
Returning were as tedious as go o'er.”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

Kalhar was the most major port in Terranch. It was historic, and geographic. On the most south easterly point of Terranch it nicely linked to Jahiro via an archipelago of islands and Jahiro to the heart of Seatus – Solara in the southern hemisphere. But Kalhar wasn’t just a seaport – it was also a spaceport. Kalhar shipyards had built ships since the Terranchi had built ships, now it also built spaceships – namely battlecruisers. 
Gahon’s shipyards were nothing in comparison to Kalhar’s. A third of the current battlecruisers were being built here. It was a major city – even though the Seatons didn’t believe in them, so they tried to hide it.
Like Gahon, the city was surrounded by a vast forest. It was a deciduous hardwood forest – because they could get away with that here. Then there was the farming band, because the Terranchi thought a city was pretty stupid if it couldn’t support itself. A major difference was that Kalhar was far denser than Gahon. Where Gahon had trees and small parks, Kalhar had tall buildings.
This was where the deception came in. Almost every building was draped in greenery. Ivies, climbing roses, or trailing ones and some clematis-like flowers. Many of the buildings had purpose built balconies, stuffed with plants. Most had little gardens built on flat roofs, with hardy plants that could take a beating from the salty sea winds.
Here in Kalhar, one was obliged to maintain a green area – first for air purity by government legislation, then for ‘oneness with nature’ – not that it really was, but it certainly kept them down to earth1. Pride however was where all the most creative efforts were sourced – to out do one’s neighbours.
Now the troops from Gahon flooded the maglev station and marvelled.
“Look Tyr’uc! Raisins!” Curiba grabbed him by the arm, jerking him away from the gadgets stall.
“Oh!” he uttered in false astonishment. Raisins? Wow, like, that was something so amazing! Tyr’uc even thought sarcastically. He had been investigating the automatic toilet flusher. It was a really cool idea, ridiculous that in this day and age they were still using a little lever – and there had to be something better than water to flush them with too. Then there was that thing that switched lights off when you clapped...
They were in one of the markets of Kalhar. It was late afternoon by now, and they had been given a few hours free on arrival. It was quite chilly in Kalhar, but fortunately dry.
“I love raisins, but they’re so hard to get at home,” Curiba said ecstatically.
Tyr’uc couldn’t imagine why anyone would be so fanatical about raisins. They were just dried currants. It was true that you didn’t see them often in Gahon – but so what!
“Yep, fresh from Jahiro, only thirty mini-credits a kilogramme,” The owner of the dried fruit and nut stand worked his trade, though he needn’t have.
“I have a horse at home called Raisins,” Curiba said wistfully.
“What’s it like?” Tyr’uc asked.
“Well, he’s awfully grand, and his coat is black – just like a raisin.”
“Is it all wrinkly too?” Tyr’uc laughed.
“No,” Curiba gave him a friendly, but warning shove, “Anyway, I’d like some.” What Curiba meant was, ‘Tyr’uc, haggle with the merchant a bit for me?’
“I’ll give you twenty a kilo,” Tyr’uc demanded. “And I’ll have a quarter.”
“Twenty five,” The merchant said.
“Twenty two.”
“Done.”
Dang! That was too easy. He should have started lower. On the other hand, it was only five mini-credits.
He picked up his scoop, dug into the sack of raisins, and poured and amount into a small brown paper bag. He weighed it. He tipped a bit out, weighing it again, and then he rolled up the top of the bag. He held it out. Tyr’uc put the right amount of credits in his credit cube, and passed it over, taking the bag.
“There you go sir, have a nice day,” he smiled, handing back the cube.
“Thank you.” Tyr’uc handed to bag to Curiba as they left the stand.
The markets had developed on Seatus, particularly Terranch, for a number of reasons. Mainly, due to a number of fair trading laws, local goods were now much cheaper than imported ones – because the farmers could no longer be extorted in the way they had been in some countries. This meant that imported commodities had the same basic value, but shipping costs on top. Large cargoes too were a difficulty to transport due to the raiders. 
This greatly lessened the importance of large international food traders. No longer were they required to track down the best price, for the goods, because local food was always cheapest. Another aspect that emerged was that because you could now sell locally, the farmers no longer needed someone to find the market for their goods, so now they sold them themselves mostly.
The old markets were resurrected, and the consumer was able to get fresher, healthier foods. Everything could come straight from the producer. The large almost monopolising food companies almost collapsed, and suddenly a lone trader could make his way in the world. Independent traders took over the luxury goods market as well, because everyone was going to the market to buy goods.
Recently though the large food companies had become more of a threat, offering cheaper, synthesised food stuffs. But so far there seemed to be enough trade to go around. Real food, despite being more expensive, tasted a lot better.
“Fresh from Jahiro,” Tyr’uc muttered disbelievingly. As if it mattered.
“What do you mean?” They walked on across the beautifully laid cobbled pedestrian street.
“They’re raisins – they don’t need to be fresh!”
Curiba shrugged, “So what?”
She loved the market. She loved the cacophony of traders, trying to sell their goods, calling out their existence – trying to lure in the passer-by. There was such a feeling of energy, and life. The market buzzed like a frenzied bee hive. There were sounds of lambs bleating, chickens squawking, pigs screeching – the farmers traded animals here too. Some might have thought it all a hideous noise, but Curiba loved it all.
She loved the smells. The freshly baked breads, the tang of pickles, the wafting scent of rich foreign cheeses, the smell of fresh vegetables, the earthy smell of the potatoes, piled high, and even (though not exactly pleasurable) the farmyard smell of animals. All these provoking the nose, inspiring the mind, with a taste of life.
Curiba was a country girl, and could appreciate the market of Kalhar. She loved the richness of it all. And Kalhar, was even better than Gahon, with all its exotic foods and goods.
Tyr’uc though, was a city kid. He had lived in Temini, Solara – Kellsat for a while too, and just recently Terranch. He was not impressed by the exotic display. He didn’t care particularly for the market, it was just noisy and crowded.
They wandered from stall to stall. Occasionally they would dive into one of the little shops on the street. Seemingly little respites from the mobs. The quiet solemnity of these shops, made you want to think twice before speaking. They seemed almost like some kind of holy shrine, to be treated with reverence.
There was one in particular that caught Curiba’s attention. It was selling an odd collection of curious wood carvings. Completely useless of course so it bored Tyr’uc to death. It was filled with incense, and there was the occasional clatter of wooden chimes. The whole place seemed ancient and mysterious. It was staffed by an archaic wizened old woman, as deep and intriguing as the rest of the place.
In the end Curiba decided not to buy anything – like so many of the other visitors to the shrine. It had been enough just to experience it. She had nowhere to put a wood carving anyway.
“Did you see that woman in there, weird, huh?” Tyr’uc commented as they left, “I’m sure I saw something move in her hair...”
“I think she seemed nice enough,” Curiba replied. She wouldn’t have anyone insult her market.
Tyr’uc shut-up.
Later they passed a clothes stall. Tyr’uc as usual tried to keep walking on past, but Curiba dragged him back. Tyr’uc almost broke down crying. Now she was going to ask what he thought about clothes.
The stall had many different types and styles of clothes from all over Seatus. It was mostly fancy stuff, no sign of something as mundane as denim. Immediately Curiba was attracted to Solaran dress. It was made of high quality linen, perhaps what one might call cambric. It was simple enough in style, long, and it had the kind of deep flared sleeves that were popular in Solara at the time. What really made it special was the elaborate gold needlework. The threaded lines almost seemed to knot each other in complex ways. Bands of this knot-work travelled up either side of the dress, and merged at the shoulder, flowing around the arms. The sleeves were also bound it this knotting golden thread. Another special thing about it, was that it was green – rather than the traditional Solaran white.
“That there’s Solaran,” the trader commented, “Finest quality, and excellent maker too. It looks like it would be a perfect fit too.” He lifted it off its hanger for Curiba. He ran his hand over it to indicate that one could feel the quality.
Curiba touched it delicately, “Oooh!” she exclaimed. She felt the needlework then, her fingers tracing along it. She turned to Tyr’uc, “I don’t really have a decent dress at the moment... what do you think?”
Arghh! Tyr’uc thought. “Em, it’s nice...”
Curiba waved her hand dismissively, “Well I don’t want nice – I want stunning!”
“That’s sort of what I meant,” Tyr’uc admitted.
Curiba studied it again, reflectively. The Merchant held it up to her.
“Perfect!” he exclaimed.
Of course he would, Tyr’uc thought, he is trying to sell it.
Curiba turned to Tyr’uc again, looking at him pleadingly – Oh no! She wanted him to buy it.
“I don’t really have money right now...” So she explained.
The merchant gave Tyr’uc a beseeching look, as if to suggest that if he didn’t get the dress for this poor girl, it would be the most cruel thing in the world. “It would be a wonderful gift, for your special girl,” he advised.
“But Curiba, we’re going to Solara, it’ll be far cheaper there,” Tyr’uc reasoned in defence of his credits.
“They might not have the same one,” Curiba appealed.
Tyr’uc folded, “Okay, okay. How much?”
“Five credits,” the trader said as benignly as possible.
“Five credits! You must be out of your mind!” Tyr’uc exploded.
“You must be out of your mind to expect less...” The merchant responded. “I guarantee that is the best price you will get this half of Seatus.”
“I’ll give you a credit,” which Tyr’uc was aware, was enough for nearly ten computer games.
“It is so very difficult to get anything from Solara these days...” the merchant said sadly.
“How on earth do you get anything from Solara? – This is just old stock isn’t it?” Tyr’uc accused, quite rudely really.
“Oh no sir, none of that lasted at all. Solaran clothes are always in high demand, and they’re more popular now than ever. But what with this siege, they’re a lot harder to get.” the merchant said meaningfully.
“So how did you get it?”
The merchant tapped the side of his nose silently, with a glint in his eye.
Tyr’uc guessed that whatever way he was getting Solaran clothing, was not entirely legal. It was most unlikely to have come from Solara itself. There were several options. It might have come from Kellsat, either as older stock, or it might be a Kellsati imitation.
Alternatively, there were plenty of Es’ston raiders about. They often came into the cities, to trade their ill-gotten gains. They needed supplies, and fuel. Of course they lurked in the darker, more neglected areas of the cities. The kind of place where traders regularly dealt illegally, buying banned goods, or the ‘fell of the back of a hover transport’ kind of goods. It was no skin off their noses to deal with a few Es’ston Raiders, after all they weren’t going to bother anyone in the city. It was mostly barter, because the Es’stons didn’t have credits.
Tyr’uc went on a hunch, “You’ve been trading with Es’stons!”
“Shh! I’ll give it to you for three, special deal, since you’re such a gentleman...” the merchant glanced around, hoping no-one had overheard.
“One, or I’ll report you,” Tyr’uc threatened.
“Oh, that’s just low... besides, you have no evidence – two.”
Tyr’uc scowled, “Okay... deal.” He handed over his credit cube.
“Oh, thank you, thank you,” Curiba hugged him.
Tyr’uc felt unwell, later. All that money just for a dress – all those games he could have had! Not only that, he’d just accepted his first bribe. What was it they said about girls and money – or was it fools and money?

The briefing room was the usual set up. Fairly drab, a table with chairs around it, and a large panel display showing a map of Seatus. It was when you saw they whole thing that you realised just how few cities there really were on Seatus. There were a grand total of five in Terranch. Angtar had two, Temini three, Jahiro had five, all of which were coastal. Though, it could be difficult to tell with Jahiro. The continent itself only had two, Magen wasn’t sure which islands were Jahiran, and which belonged to Terranch and Solara.
Kellsat won the competition though, with a total of seven major cities. It was the Kellsati that had first developed the concept of the Seaton Guard. Over three thousand years ago, Kellsat had united as the largest Empire on Seatus. At that stage, the Terranchi had only just satisfied themselves that permanent fortresses were a good idea. The Terranchi had something like ten different kings at the time, all of them with the ambition to unite Terranch – so you can imagine how united it was.
Kellsat had one emperor, one army, and one soldier. Kellsat needed a versatile and flexible army to hold the Empire together. They needed to be able to deal with anything, from petty crime, to the odd peasant revolt, to invasions by the barbarian hordes, whoever they were. Temini had never been into that, and Terranch was more interested in trading with Jahiro and supposedly, not getting conquered by Angtar, or themselves, however that worked out. 
Nevertheless, in the Annals of Kellsat, several massive barbarian invasions had been recorded – despite there being no perpetrator. This led to a number of mythologies about a sunken continent, and a lost civilisation.
The point of course, is that the Kelsati fielded a soldier very similar to the Seaton Guard. The Kellsati soldiers were well equipped. They all had a short sword, a spear, a bow, a shield, and armour. Some even had a horse. Each soldier, like the Seaton Guard, would be educated in some particular trade or profession.
Take a sample of twenty or so Kellsati soldiers, and the chances were they would have known most of the knowledge that was available at the time, obviously with a certain military slant to it.
Solara had only avoided becoming part of the Kellsati Empire because they could make bows with a longer range than the Kellsati, better siege engines, and possibly, they just had shinier armour.
Historical Tactics was sometimes an interesting class. One had to ask oneself though, what use was it to a modern battlefield commander? A class in modern tactics might have been a bit more useful. They had learnt about a few recent battles, but a disproportionate amount of time had been spent on what seemed to be quite useless. Magen didn’t care though, he had enjoyed it, but now the present was beckoning, and it was best not to be rude by staring straight past it into the past. It might begin to think it wasn’t important or get the idea it wasn’t cool enough, and try to copy the past.
One of the centurions from Division 62 was leaning across the table making an attempt at communication.
“Hey, I heard you guys were in battle yesterday... What was it like?”
Despite Rossi’s eagerness that they got to know the leaders of Division 62, they were divided. They sat on opposite sides of the conference table. It made conversing awkward. This guy was clearly of the type that didn’t care about awkwardness – as a result, of course, he didn’t seem so awkward.
“Yes, we did get attacked by the Es’stons yesterday. Have you been in battle before?” Magen replied.
“No, none of us have in 62 – just fresh off the production line, you know,” The centurion explained.
“Well, I don’t think anyone can really understand it until they have... I can explain in words, and it will make some sense, but you won’t truly understand... ” Magen said grimly.
“That bad, huh?”
“It’s after it’s happened that’s the worst, it’s the bit they don’t explain in training. You learn about PAP, and you don’t really realise what it’s for... Battle is like a nightmare, but it’s real – in memory though, it just seems like a bad dream in the night. You know the kind that will wake you, like the one where you’re falling out of your bed, and you react as if you really are. That’s what the memory is like. We’re fortunate that most of us don’t accept it as reality, and remains just that, a passing moment of confusion, where we thought it was real for a moment...”
Dektri and a few others around Magen mumbled in agreement.
“My name’s Magen, by the way.” He extended his hand.
“Matthias.” They shook.
“You’re from Angtar?”
Matthias nodded, he smiled, “How’d you guess?”
“Your accent...” In a way it had been, in the sense of an accent being the way one spoke. Magen had found that by and large, the Terranchi made jokes, and laughed when you talked seriously. When the Terranchi had something serious to say, they disguised it with a story.
The atmosphere suddenly changed, and everyone stiffened, Rossi and what must be the captain of division 62 entered. They all stood and saluted. Rossi and the other Captain returned it, as usual.
Magen started to sit back down, Dektri gave him a slight nudge in the back. He straightened up again. Neither captain had uttered the magic words ‘At ease’.
“Good day centurions,” Rossi greeted, “I trust you have all got to know one another?” The centurions nodded stiffly, “I am Captain Rossi of the 66th division of the Terranchi army, and I am pleased to be working with you.” He seemed to be slightly uncomfortable, “And I hope this will be a beneficial, rewarding and educational relationship. We are likely to be working together a lot, today, and in the future.” he stepped back, and the other captain stepped forward.
“I am Captain Hurz of the 62nd division,” Hurz was certainly captain material. He looked intimidating enough. He was big, and for want of a more diplomatic word, ugly. His face seemed crude, and violent. It said nothing about the man. Physical features don’t always have a direct relationship to personality. “I will be briefing you today...”
Rossi seemed to sink further into the background then.
“At ease,” Hurz commanded, “Now, our first order of business will be getting from Kalhar to Solara, reasonably safely – we will be taking this route.” A red line appeared on the map, skirting the east coast of Jahiro. Rossi was manning the slideshow. At the moment it looked a lot like Hurz was in charge.
“You will note, that we are not stopping in Jahiro.” There were a number of groans at that. “Hah!” Hurz laughed, “Some of you think this a holiday, may I remind you that you are not in the army to shop in exotic locations... Now, the ship we are taking is the Kuan-Aree.” An image appeared on the screen, showing the details of the ship. The whole slideshow would be downloaded to their wristlets afterwards, of course. “She’s a purpose built troop ship. Note she has six guns, top side. So, she shouldn’t have any problems dealing with a few random Es’ston raiders.
“She has a capacity of about ten thousand. We will be filling the surplus space with food supplies, ammunition and so on. Solara has decided that our main task, is to escort this shipment. I will mention now that we are reasonably unlikely to take part in any action. This is a pretty straight forward mission...”
In other words it was going to be a milk run. Why were the commanders apprehensive though, why had they been so determined to join with the main force. This didn’t seem so bad.
“However,” Hurz continued, “It is important to note that we will be virtually unsupported. You’ll notice, again, that our route sticks fairly close to Jahiro. We’re hoping that if we are attacked, that Jahiro will lend a hand. We have not cleared this mission with them, so it cannot be relied on.
“An important aspect is secrecy. If the Es’stons are aware that there is a lone ship carrying a great deal of supplies, they will try and sink us – missiles, fighters, who knows what. We think this is quite unlikely, we’ve kept it quiet, and because this is unexpected even to us, it is unlikely that they will anticipate it. We think an attack is quite unlikely, but nevertheless, we will prepare battle plans. We’ll get into that in a minute. There are just a few other things I’d like to mention first.
“Everyone should be in a state of combat readiness...”
That basically meant that they would have to sleep in their armour. Even well practised as the Guards were at putting their armour on, it wasn’t fast enough. There were groans again.
“Sir?” It was Dektri.
“Yes centurion?” Hurz seemed bemused at the idea of being interrupted. He took it well, compared to Rossi, who would make a big song and dance about it.
“Would it be possible to organise shifts, so that no-one has to sleep in their armour?”
“Both I, Captain Rossi and the ship’s captain, do not think it is an advisable risk to take, for the sake of mere comfort.” The guys wouldn’t like that. “My final point is that you should treat the ship’s crew with respect. They know their ship best, so if they say something is a bad idea, like going for a swim, or heading up on deck when we’re travelling at super-sonic speeds, I suggest you trust them. Now, are there any questions?” He crossed his arms, and waited for the centurions’ brains to click into gear. Centurions always had questions, it made them feel useful.
“You said we wouldn’t be taking part in any action, why is that?” a 62 centurion spoke up.
“Unlikely to be – the reason is simple. We cannot be included in any battle plan. We will be kept in reserve. By the time we arrive, battle will be well underway. Furthermore, we have not been briefed on the battle plans, to contact us with guaranteed security over such a large distance would be near impossible. To send us into battle without fore-knowledge of what would be happening, would be very unwise...”
“Basically the Solaran Commanders can’t be bothered worrying about us...” the centurion surmised.
Hurz smirked, “Very well put Centurion, and isn’t it all the better for us...”
“So why are we going to Solara?”
“We are bringing vital food supplies, ammunition, and medical supplies... we are being useful, without causing organisational difficulties. Furthermore, as I mentioned already, we will act as reserve troops, in case things go badly with the attack. They want us on hand.”
“Is there any indication as to where we will be deployed?” Matthias asked.
“Most likely, somewhere near the Tower of Light, as it is considered to be weak at the moment. As far as I am aware, elite troops will be drawn off from there to engage in the assault.”
That was probably as far from action as you could get, while still being in Solara.
“How will we be getting past the Es’ston blockade?” Echla asked.
“I would have thought that obvious – if the assault will have started before we arrive...” He led her to the answer. She looked blank, “It won’t exist, in fact it probably doesn’t exist already.
“This morning our ships began an assault on the Es’ston base on the Island of Trella. The western port of Solara will be opened again. I suppose you’ll be concerned about the fighter force, well, trust me, they have their hands full. We can expect little opposition to entering the port, or at least, whatever remains of it.”
This sounded a little optimistic and contrived, but no further issue was raised – if they couldn’t get into Solara, they could simply turn back. The Kuan-Aree was fast enough that the Es’ston fighters would be unlikely to give chase and risk being pulled so far out of position. Though Solara had been very quiet about damage reports, one could assume the docklands had been trashed.
“How come this hasn’t been on AstroNews?” another unnamed centurion asked.
“Because, it hardly helps to give our enemy a running commentary on what we’re doing... AstroNews will report on the assault, we can’t stop them doing that. We can make them delay it though.” Hurz explained patiently. His patience was worrying. He looked like the type that was only patient because he could afford to be. He was the type to be as sweet as honey one moment, and sour as gone off milk the next (with lumps and such involved).
“Are there any more questions?”
Magen had one, but there was no point in asking it. He wanted to know how they were going to assault the Es’ston mountain fortresses.
The Island of Trella would have been a push-over, it only had three fortress ships on it. With the might of a large proportion of the Terranchi army descending on them, the Es’stons didn’t stand a chance. The Es’stons had only put a base there to stop anything other than a large military convoy.
“In that case, since you lot seem to know everything, let’s get to work!” He clapped his hands to indicate that they should be sharpish about it too.
They spent the next hour formulating battle plans. Mostly their tactics involved Es’stons having to come down long corridors, or getting shot out of the skies – mostly the latter. It all seemed quite pointless. There was no way they were going to get attacked, the Es’stons didn’t even know they existed. It was a good way of getting to know the other centurions though.
Still, Magen reflected, the commanders had been very worried about something yesterday, and today, they were worried still, he reckoned, they were just hiding it more today. Or perhaps Captain Hurz wasn’t worried about it, or didn’t know about it. Rossi seemed very determined that they should be rigorous about their battle plans. What could it be that they didn’t want to mention it to the centurions?

The Kuan-Aree was a big ship, at approximately four hundred metres long. She could comfortably accommodate ten thousand people. That was only what was written on paper, but she was so spacious – despite being a military troop ship, that she could easily carry five times that number. She was currently stuffed full of supplies containers. The commanders were determined to deliver as much supplies as possible.
She was fast too. With her sleek spear head shape, six fusion powered engines, and only air resistance to deal with, she could easily reach Mach 3 – when she was un-laden. The Kuan-Aree was a hover-ship. 
The Terranchi Navy had built her with several purposes in mind. The first, was what she was doing now, transporting troops and supplies around Seatus. She was more than just that though, with anti-mass engines capable of levitating her, she could be dropped from low orbit. She could perform as an invasion ship, a drop ship. She was a purely atmospheric craft, and did not have life support systems for space travel.
Captain Hurz had talked of her having six guns top side. She, in fact, had twelve in total, however six were on the underside, and for this particular mission, they would be pretty useless. She was also equipped with six vertical missile launchers, and just in case she had to deal with the occasional submarine, she had two torpedo launchers.
She had all the usual counter-measures; chaff, smoke screen, anti-missile lasers, heat reactive mirror armour, chameleonic outer skin – and, currently, two thousand or so Seaton Guards. Now the chameleonic skin was some sight, particularly as it sat on the shifting sea. The ship carried the hues of the ocean, and as the waves passed, the skin shimmered in return, and the ship, as was intended, almost blended in synchronous with the sea.
Four, in particular, of the above mentioned guards, stood, leaning on the rails at her aft. They watched the tanks roll in. The Kuan-Aree could carry about two-hundred vehicles, as a maximum. The Guards had counted twenty-two so far.
“Twenty- three,” Elshan declared.
“Here, are you counting in the Jammer truck? It doesn’t count,” Tyr’uc corrected.
“Why?” Elshan turned to question the law-maker.
“It’s not a tank – duh.”
“Who said we were counting tanks?” Yicle challenged, with and evil grin.
“Argh! Now I’ve lost count... there must be about six gone past...” Elshan complained.
“Tanks or other vehicles?” Tyr’uc asked.
“What? How should I know, I missed them. – And anyway, we’re not just counting tanks, what would be the point. We want to know how many this can hold...”
“But how do we know that it will be filled?” Yicle asked slyly.
“Well we won’t but we’ll have some idea of what she can carry, because however many vehicles go in, she can definitely carry that amount,” Elshan explained
“We should be counting tanks,” Tyr’uc sulked.
“Why?” Yicle asked, “I mean why tanks, why not count the stars in the sky, the fish in the sea, the grains of sand on the beach – or the number of red ones...”
“Now you’re just being weird,” Tyr’uc accused, “There aren’t any red ones...”
“Slick, what’s your count?” Elshan addressed the fourth Guard in particular.
“Eh? Three,” Slick replied, being woken from his reverie.
There was a moment of utter confusion.
“Three vehicles?” Tyr’uc hazarded.
“What? No, three fish,” Slick answered, “Two of them were dead,” he added with a touch of moroseness.
“Do you mind if I ask why you were counting fish?” Yicle asked delicately.
“You said to count the fish in the sea...”
“I also said to count the stars, and the grains of sand.”
“I figured fishes was easiest.” Slick offered.
“Anyway, I don’t know why we’re bothering to count anything!” Tyr’uc expounded.
“That was my point,” Yicle said suavely.
The last of the tanks and vehicles went past. The Guards gazed out again at the port city. The ramp-hatch swung shut with a resounding whump. There was a clunking noise as it locked.
“We’re leaving,” Elshan said distantly, remorsefully.
“So, big deal, we’ll be back soon,” Tyr’uc said heartlessly.
“Who knows, some of us mightn’t come back...” Slick said.
“Here, were you listening at the briefing? This is a milk run – nothing’s going to happen. We’re just baby-sitting a few tons of food...” Tyr’uc reprimanded.
“You optimists are always giving out about people who know the reality of the world. The real world is cruel,” Slick defended.
“Me! An optimist!” Tyr’uc scorned.
“They never said anything about coming back,” Elshan said, staring at the horizon, the mountains of his homeland, “We could be leaving Terranch forever. We could be stationed permanently in Solara. Five years!” He sighed, “Maybe we will be so changed that we will forget Terranch, forget that this is our home!” Elshan stretched out his arms as if to encapsulate or hug the panorama before them.
“Home? This?” Tyr’uc accused the landscape, pointing his finger, “This was just another stopping point. There is no respite, there is no peace – there is no real home. It’s just another one of those fanciful ideas people talk about.”
“That’s ridiculous Tyr’uc,” Yicle said, “Home is anywhere and everywhere you make it…”
“No, I think it’s a place – Terranch belongs to me, and I to it…” Elshan stated.
“…Neither of you understand what I’m saying. There is no place of comfort, where you fear nothing, where you can totally relax, and be totally free.”
“Yes, but that’s not what home is...”
“You know home when you’re there...” Elshan re-joined the debacle, “For me, Terranch is the place that reared me. It is the place I will always be at peace with. It is the place I understand. Terranch is the place my soul will always long for – even if I do forget that it is home,” Elshan proclaimed.
“Yeah,” Slick agreed, “The place you understand.” There was silence for a while, as each reflected on what home meant to them. “Nice effect, except we’re looking at Kalhar, that none of us know. It would work better if it were somewhere we knew.”
“I think I meant Terranch in general, you know the whole thing, rather than any particular area,” Elshan explained.
“I’ll miss it,” Yicle stated, “But I don’t know why.”
“It’s home...” Elshan repeated.
“Well,” Yicle brightened, “On to new things! If you never left home, you’d never have any adventures, and you’d never grow...”
“It has to be there to come back to, though,” Slick said.
“Yes! Absolutely!” Elshan agreed whole-heartedly.
“I heard a saying once, ‘the future is like an unknown fruit, you don’t know how it tastes’,” Slick said glumly, “What will Terranch be like in five years’ time?”
“That’s the stupidest saying I’ve ever heard!” Tyr’uc erupted.
“It’s true though,” Yicle said, “But it is pretty bad.”
They went back to gazing back at Terranch – Kalhar, it seemed to be something they were in agreement on. It was worth watching. The sun was low in the sky, setting, as it always did, in the west. The succulent orange evening light, seemed oddly sad, or woeful. It seemed like Terranch was already ebbing away, fading from memory. The long shadows grew.
What was ahead? What was going to happen? Where would their military careers lead? Was two dead fish out of three a bad sign? These questions were but a few that haunted them, and perhaps every guard on the ship – except that last one, that was just Slick.
The ship began to move. It rose first, as the hover engines powered up. Then the engines began to thrumm, the Kuan-Aree glided out of port, sluggishly at first. It began to build speed. The four guards watched as the land disappeared, then they had to go below as the Kuan-Aree would power up to super-sonic speed.


Chapter 3: The Headless Hydra
“Confusion now hath made his masterpiece!”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

05:00 Western side of the Pelnias Mountain Range
A lonely hover-transport flitted across the shadowy, night-painted crags of Western Pelnias. 
“I don’t wanna jump... It’s too far...” the bulky ‘Meat’ whinged. ‘Meat’ took another glance over the guard rail through the drop hatch. It was understandable that Meat might be reluctant to free fall from the hover-transport. The jags were like stout Damascus steel knives.
“Come on Meat. We did this in training – it weren’t so bad...” Snips coaxed. At that instant memories of half a dozen injuries flashed in his mind. ‘Sarge’ had appointed him Meat’s handler, since for some reason, Meat was more inclined to listen to the sharp edged Snips.
“It’s moving!” Meat pointed accusingly.
Snips sighed. When Meat got an idea into his head, it was very hard to shift it again – the trick was to get the right idea in there, and at the right time, “Yeah... it is now, but it won’t be when we jump – later. Right look,” he twisted Meat’s head around, “When that light goes green, we jump. See, it’s still red, so we’re still movin’,” Snips explained for the fortieth time. Meat nodded mutely, but seemed to still be very nervous, he kept clasping his hands and periodically checking the ground.
The squad were part of the first assault wave. The job was simple, they were to attempt to clear the minefields leading up to the two Es’ston fortress ships, dug in on the south westerly side of the Pelnias Mountains.
They were from Damoclus’ scouts unit, and to the High Marshal it made sense they should be at the fore front of battle. This was a stealth operation, something that scouts were trained for. The squad had been equipped with the specialised stealth version of the Guard armour. They also had a mine locator, a device than only worked if the Seatons had the appropriate intelligence gathered. It was able to detect the proximity mines’ sensors from a range. Snips and ‘Kid’ carried specialist stealth microwave guns – that would be able to fry the mines’ electronics, and yet not give away much to the Es’ston sensors. Sarge typically, was the possessor of the mine locator. He guarded it closely, almost mother hen like.
The delivery mechanism for the guards was relatively simple, they would be dropped – quite literally. They would jump out of the transport and free fall – without a glider, or parachute, or sophisticated and expensive grav-belt or pack. Gravity was fast, efficient, easily available – indeed some guards complained of excess. Not only that, but it didn’t ever breakdown. The guards’ armour could absorb most of the impact of hitting, the jagged, uneven, unstable mountainside, up to a height of about three storeys... So the commanders made it four.
The drop-ship itself had to be fast manoeuvrable, undetectable and it had to have hatches that opened. The transport carrying the scouts had a good few holes in it, and a few less crew already. It was rattling in an ominous way too, and it definitely was see-sawing a bit. Despite its rather ingenious stealth armour and horrendously expensive auto-target disruption field, it had taken a few hits from the Es’ston fortress ships. It had appeared enough times on the Es’ston sensors to work the Es’stons into a useful state of nervousness. No doubt at this stage they knew that battle would begin sometime within the next hour or so, and the possibility of defeat grew more real with a large part of Terranch descending on them and all…
The ship slowed almost coming to a stop. Obviously to avoid Guards landing on top of each other it had to move a bit. Snips did a final check on the harness that held his gun. It would be quite embarrassing if he dropped it. The light turned green.
“Right. Now we go...” Snips said to Meat.
“GO! GO! GO!” Sarge yelled. Guards started leaping off into the dark void.
Meat shook his head...
“Oh just quit being such a baby!” Dots said, then she pushed Meat off the platform. She jumped shortly after.
Sarge, Kid and Snips jumped last – as a group. They splayed out their limbs, falling face first – the more unnerving part... The hover ship pulled off as they fell, and sped away. All across the mountainside a similar procedure was performed with other scouts squads. The squad was now alone with the Es’stons, for at least an hour.
The ground greeted Snips in a somewhat less than friendly fashion. It was quite painful – Snips remembered dropping snails, as a child, he imagined they must have felt quite similar – of course his shell hadn’t cracked, which was a mercy. The slightly stunned Snips began to slide. He clawed desperately at the mountainside, searching for a hand hold. It was not easy with armour numbed hands. He managed it though, slightly wide eyed...
After one of those moments where the brain realises that yes, unfortunately it is still alive, Snips brought his wristlet around. He flipped open the display and tapped the few buttons required to enable his ‘night vision’. The previously dim display suddenly became a burning spot in his vision. Next time, he would remember to do that before he jumped. Now he could well see the nooks that would make his hand holds. He began to haul himself back up to where he should have been. This was going to be horrible terrain to fight on...
“Everyone okay?” Sarge asked, unclipping his face mask. They couldn’t use comms of course. There were a number of groans in reply. Sarge counted, one missing...
“Yeah, I’m grand – feel a bit like a pancake... or a snail,” Snips moaned. “I’m not sure I can breathe prop’ly ‘nymore...”
“Here I better check you out.” Doc Dots offered.
“Actually I think I’ll be fine...”
“Where’s Kid?” Sarge asked, taking a look around.
Snips clambered across to where he was sure he saw the form of Kid. He laid a hand on his back. He was unconscious.
“Dots! Come over here! I’ve found him!”
She crabbed across to Snips’ position. She did a quick professional check over.
“Turn him around Snips.”
“It safe?”
“Yes.”
“Right.” He did as he was told.
“He’s okay, just winded I guess...”
“A guess? You’re s’posed to be a doctor...”
“No, actually I know...” She took out a little vial and clicked it into her syringe, designed for administering through the under-suit. After a moment, Kid started.
“Eh – what happened...” He was a bit disorientated.
“Nuthin’ serious, you just din’t get ‘nough oxygen to your brain for few secs,” Snips said.
“Right, now that we’re done with that little bit of drama, can we get started?” Sarge demanded, flicking out the scanner.
Shortly with Sarge at the helm, they began the task of mine frying.
“Sarge,” beckoned the squad member known as ‘Eyeball’ – his job was to watch the tactical display, “There’s a unit of Es’ston gunships entering our sector...”
“That wouldn’t be entirely unexpected,” Sarge said dryly.
“They’re splitting up,” Eyeball said with an air of relief. Obviously he thought for some reason one on its own would be easier to deal with.
“No doubt to cover more ground,” Sarge said dryly. Eyeball had a tendency to give a lot of unsolicited advice. Sarge turned back to his precious scanner – leaving Eyeball to fret over the tactical display. He did not get much peace though.
It seemed Sarge had somehow, through his callous and disrespectful words, summoned these insubstantial Es’ston gunships into existence. He stiffened as his ears pricked to the throbbing sound of the gunship’s blades chopping the air. The sound like a war-drum, beating… beating, and foreboding, forewarning, of what was to come.
“Keep working,” He hissed at Snips and Kid, noticing that they had stopped. They were peering into the darkness, alert and uneasy. They turned back to their work, but they were noticeably slower, and they couldn’t help looking around every so often.
The rest of the squad, crouched on the mountain-side, ears sharpened to the trackless gunships. It was impossible to discern the direction from which the sound came. It seemed almost to envelop them. It was like the buzzing of a wasp, hidden behind a curtain, or flying out of sight, it was angry – and one could not tell where it would strike, but for sure, it had a sting... It began to grow perceptibly louder. It seemed to frustrate Sarge, attempting to focus on the job at hand.
One, at least, was definitely drawing closer. They were searching, prowling the mountain-side for the mine destroyers. Snuffling the rocks like a pack of hound dogs on a scent.
‘Scrubs’ the squads heavy weapons expert, fingered his gun. His hawk-like eyes darted across the night darkened, moonless sky. He caught a glint, very close – the gunship! Almost automatically, a move driven by years of battle and training, he hoisted his anti-aircraft gun. He warmed her up, ready to fire.
“What do you think you’re doing!” Sarge rapped the back of his helmet, “Switch it off now!”
The heat from the charging plasma would be about as obvious as a flare to any of the gunships. Already they would have the pilot’s attention.
Scrubs, realising his error powered down the gun – it would still be letting out heat for the next few minutes.
“Get rid of it...” Sarge said bitterly.
“Right sir...” he threw the gun down the mountainside.
Almost instantaneously the sky was lit by a high energy laser. It hit the gun with pinpoint precision. The squad flattened on the mountainside.
“Sorry sir,” Scrubs gasped, quite shocked at how real and close the gunship was.
“Don’t anyone even consider firing on that thing. They haven’t seen us yet... and the minute you fire, we’ll have the whole lot of them down on us – just everyone stay still, and keep calm.” Sarge clarified for anyone that might also have forgotten the rules of stealth.
The throbbing came closer, now they could just make out the shadowy form of the gunship. It was strafing across, facing its guns to the mountain. The pilot was perhaps hoping to see something with the naked eye. The eye was still one of the more difficult targeting devices to confuse.
The ship moved slowly without lights. While undoubtedly the Seatons could detect the ship, actually targeting them was a more difficult proposition. Through a combination of anti-targeting systems, and the inherent inaccuracies in the Seaton sensors (which was the lesser of the two), the ship’s real location could be as much as fifty metres out. Hence the Seaton artillery on the plains below, where the Terranchi force had assembled, where not spraying the gunships with deadly fire.
It passed over the squad shortly, but not beyond. It hovered, swaying in front of them. It was like having a wasp buzzing in one’s face. All ten of the scouts remained perfectly still, tense, silent, and breathless. They all had to fight down the natural instinct to run, like with the wasp, moving could only lead to being stung. Why had the gunship stopped right before them? Had it seen them? Sarge guessed that the pilot was trying to estimate where they would be based on where he had picked up the scent of the anti-aircraft gun.
Finally it swung round, away from them... there were sighs of relief... Odd, thought Sarge surely he would try to...
The mountain-side erupted in array of different explosions as the gunship opened up its arsenal. Rail-guns buried shot in the rocks, missiles pocked the incline, and HELs clawed and gouged. Rocks flew into the air, with clouds of choking dust. Fortunately the pilot had slightly misjudged.
A couple of the guards caught on the edge of an explosion were pitched across the craggy slope. The guards were up in an instant, scuttling and scrambling haphazardly across the unstable face, in fear of their lives.
“Don’t fire!” Sarge bellowed again, about the sound of the beating blades and explosions, “She still hasn’t seen us...” Sarge cursed, Scrubs was missing – had he fallen off the mountain-side, caught by a falling rock or explosion? Or had he actually been hit?
The gunship’s weapon fire cut out, her guns were hot – she’d have to get moving, fast. Its rotors folded up in a split second, and it mutated into its more plane-like form. There was a crack as it sped off. She would be back no doubt as soon as her guns were cool.
“Wow, close call...” commented Kid studying the blasted mountain-side.
“Where’s Scrubs?” Doc Dots asked.
“Missing...” Sarge said. “Can you and Meat go look for him?” he added, more constructively. Meat would be able to deal with any heavy lifting and Dots would be able to help Scrubs - if he was still alive.
“Yes, Sarge,” Dots replied, “Come on Meat.”
“Okay... umm – did you push me?”
“What?! Of course not!”
“I t’ink he means when we was jumpin’ from the hovership...” Snips explained.
“Oh yes... Sorry about that...”
“I don’t like being pushed...” Meat explained. They clambered away then back to where the mountain had a face lift.
“Right lads, back to work...” Sarge said.

*	*	*	*	*
07:00 Kuan-Aree: Location Unknown
The Kuan-Aree had been travelling all night. The sea slipped under the hover-ship, with a sheen of silver, cast by the waking sun. The sun was now rising over the eastern horizon. Seatus had spun its diurnal course. At first the light had been a weak pinkish colour, which made everything look a bit odd and other worldly. Since, it had mustered, and was taking on a slightly more realistic orangey hue.
The dreariness of the canteen in which Magen stood, was gradually lifting with the rapidly changing light of the morning. He gazed down at the sea through the large panoramic window cambering from the floor outward to follow the lower hull of the ship. It was entirely different from watching the sea from land – blurred by the speed they were travelling at, it became unified and solid, almost like a mirror of silver, except it showed nothing.
Magen held a cup of coffee in his hand, it was the canteen slop, but serviceable nevertheless. He had never been good at sleeping in strange places. He had been watching the sun’s progress for a while now. His helmet lay on the table beside him. He was in a state of combat readiness, or would be, after a few more cups. 
The canteen staff were already preparing for the first breakfast shift. The clattering of crockery and occasional bellows of ‘too many cooks spoiling the broth’ echoed about the desolate room. Smells wafted across to Magen, it was quite nauseating so early.
The ship was speeding forward at around Mach 2, she was heavily laden. The sun lay directly before her, on an open, lonely ocean. There was something almost inspiring about that – sailing towards the sun. Well, except they weren’t sailing, and it wasn’t really towards the sun – but the idea that they were on an adventure to the world’s end. One could have written a really cool book on that. It would be fantasy of course.
It was a bit sad that it had turned out that the world didn’t have ends – unless there was some really deranged spatial anomaly.
A kind of clinking noise came from behind, Magen turned. It was Ariot, he was on crutches.
“Ariot! What are you doing up?!” Magen was astounded.
“Well, I couldn’t sleep...” He crutched forward towards the window.
“But, your leg, aren’t you supposed to be resting up?”
“Man, if I’d realised you were this sharp in the morning, I wouldn’t have bothered!” He flashed a smile, “I thought about it, and the mechanics involved. The bone should be structurally sound at this point. It only takes half a day to set after the bone fusers. The joint should be okay, so as long as I’m not putting excessive weight on it – it should be grand...” Ariot stood beside him.
“Is it not painful?”
“Extremely... Which is why I couldn’t sleep.” He was beginning to get used to it, and perhaps even it had improved a bit. Either way it didn’t seem quite as bad as before.
“So why did you come down here?” Magen had a suspicion. It seemed that people were always interrupting his early morning time of solitude. Still, it was probably the best time to catch him. During the day he could be quite busy. Here he was alone, and approachable. When people had problems to discuss, they rarely wanted a group discussion.
“I’m having this... problem, you see,” Ariot began. It wasn’t so difficult to talk about it now, but it was always easier once you’d put words to your feelings once.
“Mm, hm.”
“I’m paralysed Magen.”
“I would say more crippled, at the moment...”
“No, I don’t mean my leg... I mean, I can’t go into battle again – I saw things I don’t want to see again, and I felt things – like death, weakness. I have no control – there’s nothing I, or we can do to prevent being killed. It’s nothing to do with skill, and it leeches you of that even. Nothing made sense. I just can’t face that feeling again, that feeling of powerlessness...”
Ariot wanted a cure – why did he think Magen had it? He was a centurion true, but he couldn’t say who would live and who would die in battle. He could give no promises, he could offer no certainty for Ariot to hold on to. The fact was, that stepping into battle was a gamble. Only a fool went in expecting to survive, but only a fool went in expecting to die too. You went in fighting, desiring life, hoping for life.
“Ariot, I can’t help you. No-one can help you. There are psychologists, and counsellors, that we’ve been told to send people with problems to. I think you’ll find though, all they can do is help you understand it, and tell you where it comes from. They can’t change how you feel. They can’t alter your mind. The only one that can do that, is you...”
Ariot sat down at the table, propping his crutches on a chair. He hung his head.
“I can’t,” he sighed deeply, “It’s impossible.”
“Ariot, you say you can’t face battle, that you’re debilitated – I think that is a lie. This thing can be beaten, but you have to fight it. If you don’t you’re giving control of your mind over to something other than yourself…” Magen saw immediately that this was the wrong line to take. Ariot stiffened and stared into nothing, as if terrified even now.
Magen had experienced that feeling that before; feeling there was no escape, that he was cast in lead, the impression that all efforts were useless. It was not panic, panic might be desperate, lacking in forethought, but it was still rational in a way to run away. This was something deeper, more like despair – the utter terror Magen had felt in that darkening corridor when the shadow had attacked. 
“Maybe you can’t do it... maybe you can’t do it yourself,” Magen said. A deception was just that, and irrelevant if it failed. It was more than simply knowing the truth – it was seeing it too.
“…but you said no-one can help me,” Ariot ever practical pointed out.
No-one could, they might be able to say it, but they couldn’t show it. There was only one who could. That was what had pulled Magen back – because he had given into it – he had seen it. In a moment he had seen Cru’athor, who was truth – and then the shadow had lost its grip on him.
“Cru’athor is the only one who can help.”
And in the colloquial that was akin to saying he was doomed, and that was how Ariot found it. The Cru’athor he knew just made the world, gave out a few laws to live by, and would be there at the end of time to make sure that those that didn’t follow the rules would get their comeuppance. Ariot found this slightly more reassuring than the big guy with indigestion. It gave some kind of order to society. It was the way Magen said it, that this was somehow personal that made him stop and think.
“I don’t really see that – this is my problem,” Ariot replied uncertainly. You didn’t bother the big man, and he didn’t bother you, unless you broke a few rules. In which case you had to look out for falling pianos. It was simple, and at least you knew where you were.
They stopped talking, Magen worried that he’d maybe offended Ariot. He hadn’t helped him with his problem. He had just told him what he knew, there was no doubt that Ariot could overcome this...
Ariot groaned, “Where can I get coffee?” He indicated Magen’s mug.
Magen pointed him in the direction of the coffee machine.
“Okay.” He looked in that direction for a moment, then looked at his crutches. He seemed to be considering the problem for a moment. How to transport a cup of coffee, while using crutches, “Em...”
“Don’t worry, I’ll get it for you...” Magen said. Ariot never thought of asking for help, well not usually.
Magen came back a moment later with a fresh, steaming cup of coffee. He set it in front of Ariot.
“I couldn’t remember if you take milk or not – so I put it in,” Magen explained.
“Thanks, that’s fine.”
“You feeling any better?” Magen remained standing, he took his own mug again then. His coffee was lukewarm by this stage.
“I don’t know...” Ariot shook his head.
That was a good answer, far better than ‘no’.
“Don’t worry about it – you’ve got plenty of time...”
“Why are we going east?” Ariot took a swig of coffee. He pointed at the sun.
“Solara is south-west...” Magen considered.
“Yep.” Ariot stated.
An image of their plotted course flashed in Magen’s mind. It clung to the eastern side of Jahiro, there was no point at which they would be going directly east. Something was wrong, very, very wrong.
Magen grabbed Ariot’s shoulder, “That’s not right!”
“Hey, calm down Magen. I’m sure there’s some reasonable explanation.”
“So why have we been going due east for the last hour and a half? – At least. That’s roughly...” Magen paused to calculate. Mach 2, twice the speed of sound, which was 330m/s, convert to kilometres per hour...
“About three thousand six hundred kilometres?” Ariot suggested.
“Yeah, but Ariot – you know there’s nothing east of Jahiro, except Jahiro.”
“Okay, there probably is something wrong – must be a problem with the navigational systems,” Ariot admitted.
“I’m going up to the command deck...” Magen grabbed his helmet, sticking it under his arm.
“Sure, I’ll come with you.”
Ariot collected his crutches, and they moved off. They took the route through the main cargo hold, it saved a labyrinth of corridors. From the cargo hold they took a lift up to the command section.
Surely someone had noticed, Magen told himself. Surely the ship’s captain would have noticed the sun being in the wrong place. Perhaps not, nobody navigated by the sun, or even by the poles. They plotted a course in the computer, and then sat back to relax. Nobody worried about navigation now, not with satellite guidance, and all the other sophisticated equipment – but how could all that go wrong?
“Ariot, what could go wrong with the navigation systems?”
Ariot shrugged, “Computers go faulty sometimes, maybe a dodgy sensor, dodgy satellite receiver – I don’t know, but it is a system, there’s always something that can go wrong.”
The lift jerked to a stop. There was something fishy about this, and Magen was very concerned. The doors slid open. He hated lifts, it was too easy to get trapped in them. They stepped out.
They walked along the corridor, past the doors to various crew quarters. They approached a junction. Magen remembered they were to go left. There was a sudden deep rumbling noise.
Magen jammed on his helmet, and jerked Ariot back, shielding him with his armour. Flames licked round the corner, Ariot’s clothing and hair were slightly singed.
“Phew!” Ariot exclaimed beginning to relax, “That was close!”
Then a few cabins down, a door was blasted off its hinges. Ariot and Magen instinctively dropped to the ground. The door clattered against the far wall, flames leapt, roaring from the now vacant doorway.
Magen gathered himself, “That’s Rossi’s quarters!” He ran forwards, grabbing a fire extinguisher off its wall mounting. He sprayed it indiscriminately into the blazing wreck of Rossi’s room. “Ariot!” He yelled out, “Alert the fire crews!”
Ariot fumbled with his wristlet, then realising that was stupid, he looked around for the fire alarm. He smashed the glass shielded button, but by that stage, the fire alarms were already sounding.
Magen emerged from Rossi’s room a moment later. He dropped the now empty fire extinguisher.
“He’s dead...” Magen said flatly. Ariot made as if to go to Rossi’s quarters, “No, don’t – you don’t need to see... The bridge! – Come on!” He sprinted away from Ariot, fastening his helmet as he ran. He turned the corner, leaping over some flaming debris, dashing down the corridor.
Shortly he arrived at the bridge. The doors were skewed and twisted on their hinges. Two Guards lay stunned on the ground. Magen checked them, they were both alive. Of course neither were wearing their helmets, they’d suffer from smoke inhalation. He quickly propped them in the PAP recovery position. The doors had taken the brunt of the explosion.
It seemed as if there had been lots of reasonably small, localised explosions. Magen began to wonder... The bridge – Rossi’s quarters. There had been some other quarters too. Had all their commanders been assassinated? They were far beyond Jahiran help now too, assuming they hadn’t sort of done a massive zig-zag.
They had an assassin on board, a saboteur. The commanders had known that, and he was in Magen’s own division, and he always had been. No wonder the commanders had been worried – but they had failed to see him at work. It seemed they had even failed in their estimation of what he could do...
Magen located another fire extinguisher. Most of the fires were dying of their own accord, fuel was at a minimum.
Now the doors. They were bulging out and there was a gap, he couldn’t fit through it though. His mind raced. He tried kicking them, not an inch of movement, they were firmly jammed. He gave them an experimental thump with the fire extinguisher. All that succeeded in doing was jarring his already sore arm. He looked around. His eyes rested on a plasma blaster, dropped by one of the guards.
He dragged the guards away from the door. Then he whipped up the blaster. It was still working. What were the doors made of? Probably just steel, all the armour was on the outside of this ship. You were supposed to try and sink it, not board it. Where were those fire crews?
He aimed the blaster high up on the door. He didn’t want to fire through and hit someone, he wasn’t sure of the setting. He set it to medium. He fired.
Perfect, the metal just turned molten. It dribbled down. It wasn’t piercing. He fired a volley of shots along the hinge. He threw the blaster down, lifting the extinguisher again.
He rammed the door outwards with the base of the fire extinguisher. It fell down with a clang. Smoke poured out. The fires were still burning. Sprinklers were going.
Magen killed a few flames. He couldn’t see a thing. In a moment he found the trained fire-fighters pouring in after him. The injured, possibly bodies some, were all pulled out of the wreckage. Amazingly, there were a few guards, in full armour that were still conscious, and relatively uninjured. A testament to their armour. These were escorted out by the fire fighters, and sent down to the ship’s hospital.
The fire-fighters got to work cleaning up, there were some remains that were not recognisable, and Magen knew that the fire-fighters and paramedics had a tough job.
Ariot was there, despite being told to clear off. He’d managed to procure himself a respirator mask.
“Know what happened?” Ariot asked, surveying the desolation of what had been the bridge.
“No, but at a rough guess, it’s not over yet... There’s no-one in command.”
“What do you mean no-one?”
“I mean they’ve all been assassinated – or badly injured. The highest ranking officer, ready for duty, is a centurion!”
“You don’t know that for sure...”
“I do know that whoever did this, is damn good at his job!” Magen seethed.
“So, what are we going to do?”
Magen shrugged, “Who’s giving orders?”
“High command? Get them on the line!” Ariot said. He glanced around again. There didn’t seem to be any equipment still intact. He was glad he hadn’t been here when it happened. Whoever it was, could certainly run rings round security.
Magen lifted his wristlet. He didn’t have the secure direct channel to high command that the higher ranking officers had. He would have to go through an awful lot of levels of communication. He tapped the appropriate buttons – nothing. AstroCom was unavailable.
“We’re being jammed,” Magen said down-heartedly. His comm bleeped. He pressed the appropriate button on his wristlet. “Yes?”
“Hi Magen.” It was Janessa. “Come down to the hospital straight away – Damoclus wants to talk to you!”
“Right, I’m on my way – out!” Magen replied, he hung up, “Ariot, have a look around, see if you can find anything that might tell us what happened...” He ran off.

A few minutes later, through some corridors, down a few decks, Magen entered the hospital section. Janessa came straight over, grabbing Magen by the arm. She steered him over towards the bed where Damoclus lay.
Damoclus was burnt, pretty badly in places, and it looked like his leg had been caught under something. He was wearing his under-suit, and mail shirt – some tattered, burnt clothing clung to him. He looked to be asleep, or unconscious. He was sprawled out and limp.
Magen stepped close.
“Magen...” the Damoclus that could have passed for a corpse, opened his eyes and croaked, “I want you to take command...”
Magen had no response for a moment. “How?” How was he going to assert command over nineteen other centurions, most of which he hardly knew – never mind the ship’s crew... It wouldn’t be simple.
Damoclus indicated Magen’s shoulder pad, “Colour...” he said shortly, “And I said so...”
Magen activated his comms, “Elshan.” He knew Elshan would follow orders with little question. His computer instantly recognised the command, and patched in to Elshan’s comm.
“Mwu?” It sounded like he’d just been woken.
“Head over to Rossi’s quarters, find his helmet and shoulder pad. I’ll be in the hospital section, bring it to me,” Magen ordered.
“Right-ho – what for? How am I going to get in?”
“Head over there and you’ll see – Magen out.” He needed to be in command already before he addressed the centurions, otherwise there would be dispute. This way they would accept it. The symbols of command were important. He needed a command deck next.
“Magen,” Damoclus spoke again, “Think – why take out the command?” Speaking was clearly a great strain. Damoclus was trying to guide Magen with as few words as possible, relying on his intelligence to work it out.
Magen’s head buzzed – no command, Yicle had explained the concept of the machine before. When you cut off the head, a new one would grow in its place, but it took time. The instantaneous effect was an ineffective army, disarray, confusion. But why? A troop ship with an ineffective army on board, escorting supplies for Solara – into Solara… Could it work?
If they hijacked a Seaton ship, could they actually get into Solara? If you had to board a ship, rather than sink it, it made sense to disorganise and disrupt the defenders. Did it matter if it would work? Whatever the Es’stons had in mind, it seemed clear that they were going to board the ship. Maybe they just wanted supplies, maybe they wanted a Seaton grav engine...
Now, what would be their next move? They needed to be able to get troop carriers in. They would have to neutralise the air defences, and most likely, prevent them from running. They would be crippled next. He needed that command deck. There had to be a secondary bridge... would that be blown up too?
“Ogher,” Magen commed.
“Yes Magen?”
“You know ships – do you know this one?”
“Something very similar anyway,” Ogher responded, still, as many others, blissfully unaware of what had happened – expected information to filter down, from a head that wasn’t there. Two thousand blind and deaf troops. Magen had to move fast.
“Is there a secondary bridge?”
“Yes, of course...”
“Right – go and find it. Take the others with you. I’ll meet you there soon. If anyone tries to stop you – tell them you have orders from Rossi. Use your own judgement after that, it’s just important that you secure that bridge. Don’t kill anyone.” That was always easier said than done. “Once you’re there, see if you can set our course right. At the moment we’re heading due east. Set a course for Solara. Saar’ha should know all about the navigation systems. Tell her it might be giving false readings. Get Tyr’uc to check out the computer systems. I want the weapons online too. ”
“Magen? What on earth is going on?”
“I’ll tell you on the bridge.”
“Right sir,” Ogher recognised this as one of those instances where he would just have to trust his commander.
“Out,” Magen closed comms. “Damoclus, is this really all necessary?”
“Time...”
Yes, that was what it was all about. They had to get a head up and running, ASAP. How long would it take the centurions to elect a new commander – half an hour perhaps? It wasn’t one of those split second decisions. It was too unpredictable. Battle was the place for individuals to take initiative. It might all turn out badly, the centurions might reject Magen, but he had to do this, and now. There was no time for discussion on the battlefield.
Besides, he had been officially appointed by the Marshal of Recruitment and Training – and he was the Swordmaster of Gahon. Not that Damoclus was in a fit state to get this across, and theoretically, Damoclus had no rank of command. He was office staff – but not really.
“Yes,” Magen nodded. “Elshan. Change of plan, meet me on the secondary bridge – if you don’t know where it is, ask Ogher...”
“Right.”
“Out. Damoclus, can you announce my command in a few moments. I’ve got to go now. I’ll see you later if this works out.”
Magen marched towards the door. A guard dressed in sooty armour stepped in front of him. He’d clearly been through a fire. It was Yicle.
“Yicle! What are you doing here? Where have you been? Are you okay?”
“Yes, I’m okay.”
“In that case, we’ll talk as we walk. I’m in a rush, and I want you to follow me,” Magen said brusquely. They marched out.
“I was caught in the explosion on the bridge,” Yicle explained.
“What were you on the bridge for?” Magen asked.
“I was just coming off night duty, and I decided to pop in on Salira...”
“Is she okay?”
“Yes, I think so, I was able to cover her with my armour.”
Magen could imagine how that could be. “So what happened?”
“There was an explosion – Magen what’s going on?”
“We’re being attacked... Sorry, just a moment,” Magen needed directions. “Ogher. Can you give me directions?”
There was a grunt, “Sorry, I’m busy right now. I’m just going to pass you over to Tyr’uc.”
Tyr’uc relayed the directions to them, and they headed to the secondary bridge. Magen explained the situation to Yicle. That way, Yicle could explain it to the rest of the squad – and Magen could tackle the rest of the centurions.

Chapter 4: Desperate Measures
“Some say he’s mad; others, that lesser hate him,
Do call it valiant fury…”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

The Battle over Seatus Begins
The Es’ston warships almost seemed to collect like the early morning river fog, rising off Es’stus. The fleet had been gathering for most of the day now, preparing for an attack.
The movement of the Terranchi Troops and the Es’ston Invasion force was almost simultaneous, as if they had agreed a time and place to face off. The Es’stons were under pressure, they needed to capitalise on the currently weak defences of Seatus. Their force was not as organised as it should have been. They had missed the window to disrupt the Terranchi.
Over the next few hours the five remaining Battlecruisers skirmished with the swelling Es’ston fleets. Giving those little tentative stabs every so often, to test the Es’stons, and let them know what they were about to get themselves into. The Es’stons did likewise. Neither force too eager to get involved too quickly.
Now Es’ston attack group one pursued the Black Dragon as she returned from her last foray. They chased the Dragon, right back to her defence position, right back to that sweet spot range. The range where the Es’ston HELs outclassed the hundred metre bore plasma cannon of the Battlecruisers, and Es’ston warships could actually evade the slower discharges of the cannon. The Battlecruisers however, had no chance of evasion against the focussed light speed beams of the many Es’ston ships.
The mainstay of the Es’ston fleet were carrier ships. These ships carried a full quota of small fighters and were prickled with many light weight HEL beams. HEL beams were particularly versatile. They could provide anti-missile defence, take down Seaton fighters, or boarding pods – and the fire from several of these ships, targeted on one pin prick spot on a Battlecruiser, could pierce its shields and even armour.
There were many designs and versions, few much over a kilometre in length. They were dwarfed by the mighty Battlecruisers. The most popular class, manufactured by the Sons of Kalafe was a Tralmek. Roughly translated it means something like ‘mother dragon of many claws’.
Captain-Marshal Inervy of the Black Dragon could see the battle had truly commenced. Today things were different, only five of the twelve. The other seven Battlecruisers had yet to return from the asteroid field where they had fled to repair after the last disastrous battle. The insurmountable Battlecruisers seemed to have been challenged of late.
Inervy knew today, he would have to take a beating. Leaving his post for just a few moments – and the Es’stons would simply pour in. It wouldn’t have to be many either, for things to go badly at Solara – if that was their target. Terranch was a very tempting proposition to the Es’stons too. Taking down the pride of the Seatons was one thing, but striking at the industrial heart was quite another...
On the holographic tactical display, Inervy saw Es’ston Invasion Group 2 dancing about, it seemed, in impatience. In reality it was a futile attempt to confuse the Battlecruisers targeting systems. The display table was the focus of the command deck, all information passed by or through it. It was at this table that Inervy and his tacticians would bend their minds to out manoeuvring and out smarting the Es’stons Fleets. Here the information from Sensory Ops, and Engineering was processed and analysed, before the orders for action were passed on to Weapon Ops and Navigation.
Older Battlecruisers, like the Dawn and the New Solara, kept all these operations separate and closer to their relative equipment. The more recent Black Dragon had them integrated in attempt to speed up the Battlecruiser’s responsiveness. It worked, thanks to Inervy’s careful crew selection.
Tactical Ops was located on a raised platform in the centre of the room, with the other stations arrayed around it. A rail bounded the platform interrupted by a few double sided displays and steps down to the ‘pits’ where the various stations were. The ships helm, was also incorporated in Tactical Ops. The orientation of the Battlecruiser with respect to its foes was very important and the helmsman needed to be in constant communication with the tacticians.
“Sir! We’ve got a penetration to gun door four – cannon is sustaining damage!” Chief Engineer Silas called up from the floor.
“Right,” Captain Inervy turned to his helmsman, “Turn us around and we’ll give a taste of our forward guns as we go...” To demonstrate what he meant he reached into the hologram, and turned the model of the Black Dragon – using the appropriate motion for the sensors to recognise the input. A ghost of their current position remained.
“Yes, sir!” The helmsman and chief gunner responded.
The gunner started to co-ordinate their fire on his terminal. Meanwhile the helmsman returned to the helm and programmed in the manoeuvre.
“Manoeuvre executing in five... four... three... two... one...” The helmsman announced.
The ship lurched slightly as the thrusters fired. Inervy gripped the table edge briefly.
“Silas.”
“Yes sir?”
“Get that gun repaired, and its door, and anything else that takes your fancy,” Inervy replied. He didn’t want to be losing any of his main cannons this early in battle. The repair crew and their robots were fast, but he knew there were already innumerable medium and light turrets and cannons out of action after only a brief bout with the Es’ston HELs.
The ship jerked and shook through the turning manoeuvre as the main cannons fired, requiring thrusts to hold them on course, and very swift computer calculation. Inervy saw a few tiny red lights on his display wink out, as Sensory Ops marked various targets no longer an operable threat. The turn took a full two minutes.
“Invasion Group 5 is on the move, looks like they’re going in at our rear,” one of the tacticians indicated the moving badge that made the fleet a little more visible than a bunch of tiny red lights...
“Hmm, I think they under-estimate how fast we can manoeuvre – they see a hole there,” Inervy commented, tapping a patch in space that the invasion group was obviously headed for. He had to admit it might be a bit of a tight thing.
“Gun eight out of action, a direct hit on the last firing cycle, the heater’s been damaged,” Silas informed. 
Inervy took a glance at the Ship Status display, and easily read approximation of the damage and condition of the ship. Gun eight was blinking of course, and they’d lost a fair few thrusters in that section too. The thrusters would receive repair priority, for the moment.
“Can you give us a G-Level thirty turn?” He asked his helmsman. 
 The scale he referred to was based on the maximum g-force measured at the ships’ extremes. The crew had been evacuated to the centre of the ship to within a half kilometre radius of the centre of rotation to increase the ship’s turning acceleration. The norm was one kilometre. Inervy had his crew packed into quite a small space. 
“I think I could pull out a fifty sir...” The helmsman suggested.
“Sir, we’re already pushing it a bit, there’s risk of severe internal damage at those accelerations,” Silas commented, “And permanent structural deformation, I would say thirty-five to be on the safe side...”
“Thirty-five it is then, Fermi, take us about...”
“Right sir,” the helmsman responded. He seemed disappointed. Here on the command deck, they probably wouldn’t even notice.
“All crew brace for extreme manoeuvres!” Inervy announced over the comms. Fermi started the countdown timer.
Meanwhile the chief gunner double checked the firing solution, cross referencing with the tactical display. Inervy nodded in approval, looking over at the gunner’s console. Their turning manoeuvre would deter boarders too. Inervy didn’t like the complication of dealing with on ship boarding, fortunately a lot of it could be left to the devices of his Marine Commander, who currently had nothing much better to do than twiddle his thumbs.
They closed to killing range on the invasion fleet, this hole was closing up fast. The escort was forced to engage in effort to protect the landing ships. The five forward cannon, plucked off the fortress assault ships, with relative ease. It would be an intense few minutes...

Damn! Es’ston pilot Marcus cursed. A ship that big shouldn’t be able to turn so fast! It had taken a full two minutes for the Battlecruiser to complete the first turn. It seemed to have turned back on them, in under half a minute. And she was closing in on the fleet at a terrible rate.
The rear of a Battlecruiser was the only friendly part, in that it had virtually no guns. It was not good to get too close of course, it still poured out plasma from its main drives.
“All fighters break and attack... break and attack!” came the message crackling over the comms.
The space was fast filling with HELs and plasma fire. Marcus and his unit veered away from their support ship. The lights warning of incoming shots seemed to be unceasing. He deftly joggled the flight stick, almost randomly to avoid the shots.
He fired his forward HELs at... only his computer knew what... He heard screams from various of his wingmen, and they were caught in the fire and burned up.
And yet he was getting closer, he pushed up the thrust. The Battlecruiser’s main cannons flashed their charge past him. He knew not to fly in the path of the cannons. The Seaton computers automatically put firing weight on any smaller ships that looked like they might disrupt the colossal bolts. Apparently a fighter was enough to cause the collapse of the self-sustaining toroidal magnetic field that held the bolt together until impact. Marcus was not that die-hard though, he knew he didn’t need to go deliberately flying into bolts to get killed.
A light shot clipped his particle shields and flared bright. His ship pitched into a sickening spiral for a moment. His HELs died while his generator struggled to keep up. Marcus felt his heart flutter. He steeled himself, if you died, you died, if you didn’t, you fought.
Then he was on the Battlecruiser. The vast navy and black marked expanse rolled away before him. It was nightmarishly huge, it seemed never ending. He had never come against one before – up until this battle he had only been training. The simulations were nothing like this...
The light turrets seemed to pop up and down like one of those ‘Whack-A-Mole’ games. Still he was getting into the way of it. It seemed everything had a sort of rhythm. He could almost sense the incoming shots now...
His HELs didn’t seem to do any damage to the turrets, he was flying past them too fast anyway. Fortunately the turrets were mostly firing at the fighters ahead of him. Then he realised, it was because that way they only showed armour to the fighters. Had he trained with a different make of cruiser entirely? No matter, his rear HELs no doubt did their work.
“Ahhh!” Marcus yelled. A shot slammed into his ship. The lights in his cockpit died, the computer was down. The generator still thrummed, no idea about anything else though. For all he knew he could be missing half his ship... Was that one of the main cannons he was approaching? He saw a great yawning hole, fast growing in size.
He slammed his fist on the console – nothing. He should be dead, Marcus felt with a lurch in his stomach. Here he was skimming over a Battlecruisers with no thrust, no manoeuvrability, and no weapons... or... Wait! He had a few missiles, and there would be a manual release too. But would they activate on release? He hoped so, they should be pre-armed after leaving the support ship...
He also hoped their auto-targeting would lock to the appropriate target. He pulled the release levers. Nuts! The doors were closing! The missiles dropped out behind him, falling towards the Battlecruiser’s hull. Then they streamed out ahead of Marcus, tails bright. They were coming close... Marcus was disappointed to see one up and leave, spiralling away from the cruiser. The second hit home, and exploded inside the rim of the retracting cannon. Marcus sped on past.
Now he wondered what to do, maybe if he turned everything off and switched it on again... Why hadn’t he been shot down – Seaton firing control’s weighting system, reading him as little threat? He’d have to remember this trick, if he survived. He pulled his data key out of the console. If he didn’t get his engines running again, it looked like he would crash into the cruiser. Then closing his eyes he slotted it back in, and pressed the start-up button...
Yes! It worked... Then his ship was hit by another two shots – the lights went off again...
He quickly checked that he was still alive... yep. He repeated the process, and yet again, miraculously his computer rebooted – annoyingly it wanted him to set the time. He ignored it and instead pushed his thrusters up to full.
Suddenly then, after what had seemed days, he shot out past the end of the Battlecruiser. Then there was silence... Well it had always been quiet, but it seemed so peaceful all of a sudden, like passing out of a storm or perhaps it was more like the eye. Marcus stared into the star pricked blackness... He was alive.
Surely this would earn him a medal. He killed the engines and turned the ship around to look back at the hulking mass, and then beyond to where his fleet had been... There was nothing. A few ships perhaps had got through. He zoomed in with one of his cameras. Yes, his base ship had been destroyed, all that was left was a field of debris. He ground his teeth in anguish.
What to do now? Head back to the main fleet, stock up on missiles and head out again... If you died, you died, if you didn’t, you fought. They would put him in a new fighter wing. He turned again, and brought the nose towards the fleet, and accelerated off.

“Invasion group 5 effectively neutralised, sir. Statistics indicate only five percent got through, and a further two percent broken and retreating,” a tactician proclaimed.
There was a bit of cheering on the command deck, but it was short lived. It was not over, and there was significant blinking on the Ship’s Status display. Several cannons were out of action, a good deal of manoeuvring thrusters were off-line – straked by the Es’ston fighters. Firing power had taken a severe hit on all sectors, bringing it down to a mere 63% of the nominal. There were one or two fairly serious hull breaches, actually caused in one case by a large piece of debris.
Inervy fell to talking with his tacticians and chief engineer.
“We need a bit of respite, right? To make repairs...” He began.
“Yes sir, that would be good – there’s a lot of simple stuff we can fix,” Silas said, “We just need a bit of time and my repair crews work better when they’re not under fire.”
“If we go lower in the atmosphere, it’ll be harder for the Es’stons to target us, plus there’ll be the fluctuating refracting effects of the gases moving and so on...” Inervy theorised. He had never had his ship so beat up so quickly. He could literally look at the display and watch the percentages plummet. It was to do with not being able to close range on the Es’ston fleet, and where there should have been two Battlecruisers to an attack group, there was only one.
“I’d say about eighty kilometres should be good...” Silas estimated based on his deep understanding of the Battlecruisers construction. “We’ll need to put a bit of extra power to the engines to stay in orbit of course...”
“And we’ll show them the bottom side...” Inervy, tapped the Ship’s Status display, indicating he thought it could take the HEL fire for a bit. “Can you take us down now Fermi?”
“Yes, sir!” Fermi scuttled back to the helm.
“Silas!” the chief gunner seemed to brighten suddenly, she had been looked glum at the whole prospect of showing none of the main guns to the Es’stons. She’d had an idea.
“Yes Arya?”
“Do you think we could put a spin on a plasma bolt...”
“Ye-es, possibly,” Silas responded thoughtfully, “You want to curve plasma bolts out?”
“Exactly!” Arya said.
“Great idea,” Inervy agreed, “Now, will it work?”
“Well, if I remember correctly the ‘New Solara’ tried something like it back in the Battle of Richten, must have been seventy or so years ago... and things have advanced since then,” Arya explained.
Silas nodded, “I think it will work, limited range though. You won’t have full firing capacity, we need the power for the shields and thrusters.”
Captain Inervy clapped his hands. “Right! Let’s get on it! Oh and Silas,” he said as Silas was turning to go, “Can you turn down the gravity generators a bit, no-one will notice, and you can allocate the extra power to Arya...”
“Right Sir.”
Inervy studied the tactical display then. Yes, attack group 6 was busy pounding the ‘Terranus’. Invasion groups 7 and 8 appeared to be readying to try and ‘run the gauntlet’. Terranus had taken enough damage to be much less of a threat. ‘Undefeatable’ was holding up okay. Utelus was engaged in an all-out scrap with an invasion group, she was also taking a lot of damage from several Es’ston attack groups. 
Things weren’t looking too great, the seven would surely make an appearance soon – though he was slightly worried about their state of repair. ‘Dawn’ had been all but skeletonised. Melian’s main computer had been trashed. It was a matter of a simple reinstall, it should only have taken a few days. New Solara had taken severe damage to her main drives, and had to be towed, last time Inervy had checked.
Now what about the Infernus, he looked back at the tactical display, to finish his idle survey... She wasn’t there, she wasn’t in position. By ‘Athor! Inervy swore to himself. She was out there, merrily chasing down an Es’ston attack group – doing a good job of it too, but following the Es’stons’ desire perfectly. Captain Nathiana had left a huge glaring hole over Terranch.
Inervy hit the comms, “Nathiana, what on earth do you think you’re doing out of position?!” he demanded as part of the tactical display morphed into the avatar of Captain Nathiana.
“I’m closing range – a perfectly correct manoeuvre in the situation. I don’t see the point of sitting around while my ship is carved into pieces,” she explained, “You have no authority to be telling me how to run my ship!”
“Those are the High Marshal’s orders not mine – and your job is first and foremost to defend Seatus. Not to try and keep your ship in tip top condition. Now if you don’t return to position immediately, I will be forced to make you stand down as Captain...” Inervy threatened.
“Nathiana out...” she closed the line, and the tactical display reverted.
Inervy clenched his fist hard. He almost slammed his tactical display, before deciding against it...
This was ridiculous behaviour from a captain as experienced as Nathiana – she’d been in command of the Infernus for fifty seven years! He needed her to get back into position, he couldn’t cover that hole.
He glared at the tactical display – she was turning around... but it would be too late, the Invasion Force was almost there already. Her guns opened up on the Es’stons. There was no way she’d take out more than a third at this stage. In Terranch’s current state the remainder of that force would be enough to seriously threaten every base and city on the continent.
“Can we hit them?” He asked his gunner hopefully.
Arya seemed to do a few quick and furious calculations on her console, “Not effectively,” she said finally.
“Bring us closer Fermi,” Inervy ordered.
“Sir? That would bring us out of position, and defy a direct order from the High Marshal. I should add that it won’t help Terranch at this stage either, by the time we get there, they’ll be through. Not only that but the Es’stons would then get through here too...” Fermi persuaded, turning to his captain. He implied rather than saying, that if he followed through Inervy would be just as bad as Nathiana.
“Yes... yes, I suppose you’re right,” Inervy wrung his hands. Curse that Captain Nathiana! He thought.
“Sir?” the communications officer called from her station.
“Yes?”
“We have comms with Captain Erith of the ‘Alianna’.”
“Excellent! Put him through,” Inervy sat down in his seat.
Erith’s avatar appeared. He was a grim, bearded man from Temini. He had been there from very early on, and hair line was now beating a retreat. Not that he cared much, he kept his hair tightly shaven. He wasn’t interested in anything that would require more thought, that would be a waste of his mental energies. He was truly one of the best tacticians there was, and any Captain-Marshal that thought themselves on a similar level, were well deceived.
“Good evening Captain-Marshal,” Inervy greeted, “I trust you have good news.”
“Very relative...” Erith grunted, “I just wish to inform you that we will soon be joining you. We’re closing in Es’ston Battle-Group Two now... That is all, Erith out.” The brusque Erith disappeared. He was not one to waste words. In fact the man was scarily focussed and it seemed that all he ever did was figure out how to win battles.
Inervy swivelled his chair round sensing a presence behind him. It was a youngster from Sensory Ops, it seemed.
“Sir!” he said somewhat nervously.
“What on earth are you doing up here?!” Inervy demanded, slightly startled. Junior officers were not supposed to approach Tactical Ops unless given specific permission. The man recoiled slightly, and it seemed for a moment that he pondered the concept of running back to where he had come from.
“I... I noticed something on the scanners...” The man stuttered.
“Yes, come on, out with it. You’ve got my attention.”
It seemed the whole of Tactical Ops was staring the man down.
“Right... um ... well, it’s very vague, I think the Es’stons are trying to hide it...” he approached the tactical display, which seemed to cause some eye popping for many of the tacticians. “May I... sir?”
Inervy glanced at the display, they probably had a few seconds to spare. Besides, this could be important, if an officer was willing to risk his career by approaching Tactical Ops without request.
“Sure, go ahead,” Inervy waved his hand.
“Thank you sir...”
Another few minutes and the reinforcements would hit the scene, Inervy thought.
The young man, selected some particular sensory channel, presumably the one that he monitored. He zoomed in on a patch of space some bit behind the Es’ston main attack group. There was a small attack force, and a gas field. That immediately seemed slightly odd to Inervy, why would there be an Es’ston force off in the middle of nowhere, or at least, not in a very useful location. The officer flicked on some kind of filter, and there it was. Just a shadow, but definitely real. This was the reason they had so many men in Sensory Ops, this was something a computer wouldn’t have spotted...
“Interesting... It looks a bit like a bunch of pylons – or rails even...”

*	*	*	*	*
06:30 Western Pelnias Mines Cleared
The task was nearly done. The squad had managed to clear a generously wide avenue through the minefield. The finishing touch was to lay down markers that would let any Guard know where the path was. The markers were simple matchbox sized, short ranged radio transmitters. The trick was to place them in such a way that they wouldn’t easily be spotted by the Es’stons and that there were enough ‘backups’ that one could easily work out the path’s boundaries.
It was just as well that they were nearly done too. In a mere ten minutes, the Terranchi forces would be dropping – regardless of whether the mines had been cleared or not. Already the Seaton and Es’ston artillery had begun their slugging match. The whole mountain trembled and rumbled as the massive guns fired. Occasionally the mountain was hit, and it would crumble, and shrink away. Rocks and earth would rain down, and the rocks tumbled or slid down the mountain. The sky was streaked with ionised air, glowing bright colours, left by HELs and plasma.
Any normal Guards would have been pinned by the terror of these guns, and the lurking threat of the Es’ston gunships, which continued, even now to stalk the mountainsides – like hungry lions frustrated by a rabbit temptingly close, filling their noses with the scent of food, but hidden and protected in a thorny patch. The scouts were veterans though, they had seen all this before. And while careful not to be too foolhardy or arrogant, wandered freely about their work – resisting, forcing down every moment, the voice screaming inside, that they should run for their lives.
“How is he?” Sarge asked Dots, squatting beside the voiceless, bloodied Scrubs.
Meat had dug him out from under a pile of rubble. Scrubs’ body was broken, a wraith of the highly efficient support structure it had been. His armour had prevented his death, but not injury. No part was entirely untouched by the crushing stone – spinal damage, ribs, skull, arms and legs...
Dots had spent the last fifteen minutes feverishly fighting for his life – duelling against the fast encroaching, clutching hands of death. Her task was by no means complete, but she had to stop to think, assess, and refocus. The intricacy of the work strained concentration and patience to a point where one would have to stop, or she would be doing more damage than good.
“I’m worried about the head injury...” She pointed at a damp sticky patch on Scrubs curly black hair. “He may suffer brain damage, or haemorrhage, if I can’t relieve that soon...”
Sarge and Dots braced themselves as yet another shot fell short of the fortress ships. They heard the pattering of falling rocks not far away.
“Hmm,” Sarge looked glum. He couldn’t see Scrubs surviving. He felt he could deal with death so much better than this lingering – but he hoped, that he would survive, despite what he might suffer... Better for Scrubs. The injured were always a hindrance, that one was never sure if one’s efforts would be paid off. However, if he did survive, one would not have wished that he had died instead. “You’re doing a good job Dots... hang in there.”
“Thanks Sarge,” she sighed. Dots never regretted an ounce of the effort that she put in. She fought for life – you did not simply give in to death, it was a simple as that for her.
“We’re done Sarge,” Snips informed.
Sarge nodded. He activated his comm. “Mission complete,” he said shortly, and closed comms. It was possible to use the comms signal as a target, but somewhat harder if the message was short. “Let’s move,” he indicated to the squad. “Meat, Kid, Venti and Morell, you move Scrubs.”
Venti and Morell were actually the latest replacements in the squad, hence they had no nicknames yet. They were both Terranchi. Venti a compact but strong woman. Morell a dour man, more Angtari-like than Terranchi.
They moved off towards a ridge on the mountainside, a good sheltered location where they had prearranged to be picked up. Their job was done, and as soon as the first wave had established themselves, they would be pulled out. All they had to do was hunker down, wait, and hope they didn’t get hit by artillery.
They reached the cover of the ridge. They were quite startled to see missiles rain down in their previous location – not that it had gained the Es’stons much, but it was the thought that counted. Good scouts and other stealth specialists were valuable – the equipment was generally expensive.
It was not long before the Seaton fighters struck, and a fantastic light show began in the skies. The fighters were a buffer for the coming drop-ships – which passed over a matter of seconds later. Seaton Guard began falling from the skies.
The fires of battle were building, and soon they would be in full blaze. The Es’ston warriors would have to emerge from the fortress protection, to maximize their fire-power, and hold back the Guards, or more precisely the plasma torches, that would be used to burn through the hull. It would be costly for the Terranchi. The Es’stons were dug in with plenty of anti-troop weaponry, and the advantage of terrain. Most of the Seatons’ heavy guns would be on the plains below, only a few Seaton tanks could negotiate the mountains, and they were all light tanks. The Es’stons however had the nimble walker weapons platforms.
In the bigger picture, the Terranchi force was superior to the two Es’ston fortress ships, by far. The Es’stons would be more thinking about how they could maximize the cost to the Seatons, than actually winning. Certainly they would hope for reinforcements, either from the other fortress ships on the other side of the mountain or from the homeworld, but even so not for an absolute victory – maybe to push the Terranchi back just once, make them think.
The scouts were not interested in all this, all they were thinking about was getting away and surviving. Their pilot should be on her way to this location, within a few minutes. They were all hoping she got through. It would be terrible to be stranded on the mountain until the conclusion of the battle.
Sarge fidgeted with his wristlet nervously, clearly he wanting to comm the drop-ship.
“Is it on the tactical display?” he asked Eyeball.
“She hasn’t left base yet...”
“Umm,” Sarge pondered.
Snips tapped Sarge on the shoulder and pointed to the sky. Sarge saw the falling hover-ship that Snips was worried about.
“You think she’s going to hit us?”
He peered at the growing ball of flame, she was releasing plasma too, it seemed. Snips relaxed.
“No...” he said, even though he said that, everyone hit the ground as the ship passed overhead. Snips ducked instinctively, not that it would have achieved much.
Dots was up in a second after it passed. She yelled abuse at the skies, she was obviously quite annoyed that one of their own pilots would be so careless to nearly crash on her patient.
Most of the squad members went to peer over the ridge, to see the crashed ship. Also all of them had noticed something peculiar about the ship. They didn’t recognise the design.
“Is it one of ours?” Sarge asked mystified, watching the burning wreck just a little up the slope. She had come in quite slowly... and the landing had obviously been controlled to a certain degree – otherwise the ship would have been in far worse condition.
“No – we don’t have any ships like that,” Eyeball said authoritatively, and there was no doubt that he probably did know just about every Seaton war vehicle in operation – but he was wrong in this case.
“And since when did Es’stons have decent anti-grav technology – and when was the last time you saw an Es’ston ship with plasma cannons?” Kid pointed out, “No, it’s some kind of stealth ship... I bet she has a camo-field, when she’s working.”
“We’d better check for survivors either way...” Dots suggested.
“No need...” Sarge pointed out.
Three figures emerged from the wreck. They dashed towards the scouts’ position. It was an obvious place to take cover. They leapt over the ridge. They seemed slightly unsettled at finding it already occupied. One of them had Kid in a headlock before he realised that they were Seatons.
The scouts were completely mystified. These soldiers were clearly Seaton, but were not of an identifiable unit. They wore what looked a lot like some revision of the stealth armour. Distinctively it had unusual purple detailing. Their visors were black. Clearly they were not meant to be recognised at any later date. They also had standard ranking colours, but no division numbers.
Sarge decided that they must be some kind of special forces. Two of them were men and one a woman. The latter, a superior ranking captain.
“Sergeant Milas at your service!” Sarge saluted.
The man holding Kid released him, and shoved him away. Clearly not ashamed of his action. The captain looked around, apparently assessing the situation. Sarge had never felt his squad so judged.
“We need your help...” the captain said. Her voice came distorted through the mask of her helmet. “There’s a drill in our ship – we need it,” she said shortly, by way of explanation. They weren’t going to introduce themselves.
“Drill? Em, right,” Sarge turned to his squad. These special forces (whatever they were called, if they were called anything) were kind of creepy and unnerving. It was those faceless darting looks, mapping every little detail, showing little of the person behind them. Instinctively he knew the people he was dealing with were merciless and ruthless. No-one would ever ask them if they made the right decision, they were the kind of people one employed when one didn’t care about what it cost to get the job done. “How many to lift it?” he asked the Captain.
“Six, these lads will help...” she indicated her bodyguard.
“Okay, Meat, Kid, Morell, come with me... everyone else, watch our backs. Let’s go...” Sarge really wanted to be done with these people as soon as possible. He pulled himself over the embankment and sprinted for the wrecked hover-ship. The rest followed.
Most of the blaze was towards the front of the ship. The jettisoning plasma was no major difficulty for guards’ armour either, though they would have to be quick, or risk over-heating. With a little bit of brute force they had the rear loading hatch open. Sarge again led the troops, he plunged through the growing flames. Meat set to bashing off the clasps securing the drill for transport. Sarge to a glance round the interior.
“There’s injured here!” Sarge exclaimed, “We should get them out...”
Meat went to lift one of the near corpses.
The Captain leaped in past Sarge then. She drew her Viper pistol. And before Sarge or anyone else could stop her, even if they could have, she had shot all the bodies that may possibly been alive.
“Forget them, get the drill out quick – we don’t have the time.”
“Are you mad!” Sarge roared. Had it not been for the shock he probably would have held his tongue around these psychos.
“This ship could go up any moment. Now, get the drill out!” She barked.
Sarge hesitated... “You think what you’ve done is right?”
“Get the drill out now, or I’ll blast you too...” She said evenly, holding the Viper up to his chest. “Move, now.”
He resisted for a few seconds, then decided that it was best at this stage to get the drill out. Also there was no point in getting killed, it would change nothing. He indicated to the others to follow the orders.
They grabbed the handles and heaved. Sarge noticed the Captain grab what looked like a marker gun. It was used to bring down artillery fire on a specific target. It would launch a grenade like transmitter that would latch to almost any surface. It was understandable why the Captain had decided to take it.
The drill wasn’t too heavy, but it was very bulky. The drill was of the kind used for boring deep holes, perhaps up to about four centimetre in diameter. The shaft would be made up of a number of rods, which would be added as it went deeper. It had an integral fusion battery, which was the majority of the weight, along with the motor. They staggered and slid their way towards the ridge line.
“Sometimes an individual must be sacrificed for the lives of many,” the Captain explained on their way back.
Eugh, such words made Sarge feel ill. How often was it really for the ‘Greater Good’, whatever that was. And how often was it just a tactical, logical decision – caring nothing for the man, based on an objective or ideal that had long lost its real meaning, Sarge thought. And so often did this ideal of the ‘Greater Good’ seem to forget the value of one, become a majority rule. How easily it could become a reason to cull the weak, the anti-social, the disabled, the mad, the poor... Sarge felt very strongly that the Captain had crossed the line – and yet if tackled, he could not easily point to where the line was. For this reason, he had rejected promotion.
It was difficult enough to make such decisions in the smaller world of his squad, and at least here he was close to the people whose fate he was deciding. He had decided long ago that he did not wish to be put in a place where the blood of thousands could be on his hands. Damoclus had once told him, that no man could define the line. Sarge had never been sure whether Damoclus had been saying that no man should be in power, reliant on himself, or that Sarge had no real reason for refusing the promotions he was offered. Whatever, he felt sure this was wrong.
He said nothing to the Captain, he couldn’t work up the spirit to argue about something that he could not define. He knew his men were horrified, but they were as helpless as he.
They lowered the drill over the ridge, and rested once over. The Captain seemed to be thinking again. She had a mission to carry out and things had gone slightly pear-shaped. It was clear that whatever the mission she considered it important enough to be worth killing her own men. She was determined to execute her task. Sarge wondered what their mission might be, he probably didn’t really want to know.
“Do you need any further assistance?” Sarge asked, with a hint of bitterness in his tone.
“Yes...” she grabbed him roughly by the shoulder and turned him, “Do you see that cave over there?”
“No...”
“Ah...” She had better night-vision. “Well we need to get this drill over there.”
“Umm... Can you show me the map?” Sarge asked.
She held her wristlet out.
“I think that’s a bit too far away... it would be very difficult, especially if snipers spotted us.”
“I’m not asking,” she said coldly.
Damn! Sarge thought. Why had their ship not come – they could have been out of here. Instead they were caught up in some stinker of a covert operation...
“That thing work?” Sarge pointed at the marker gun...
“Yes.”
“Give it to Snips – he’s a better marksman...” he pointed at Snips, who stepped forwards.
“I doubt it,” the Captain said.
“Snips has never missed in all the years he’s been on my squad,” Sarge stressed.
The Captain laughed, or cackled – at least that was how Sarge perceived the mocking laugh.
“Okay – but only because I will have to lead,” she answered then. She passed the gun over to Snips, along with its ammunition. She hoisted her blaster. “We’ll see. Now what about this one?” She pointed at Scrubs.
“Don’t you dare!” Sarge aimed his blaster at her. The rest of his squad wasn’t slow off the mark either and they had guns on all the special operatives. “He’ll stay here with my doctor, and two of my men...” Surely this was a taunt? The Captain didn’t respond. Sarge glared angrily at the faceless Captain. “Morell, Eyeball, stick with Dots. Everyone else, with us. Kid you watch the tactical display, and take the left side away from the Es’stons.” Sarge ordered. He took a glance at the tactical display. The Guard were holding a line just beyond the cave of interest. “Don’t try anything like that on my men,” He said to the Captain threateningly. He lowered his gun.
“Right! Let’s go!” The Captain decided.
Sarge could tell that his squad were by no means happy with this new duty. All they wanted to do of course was get back to base. That feeling of relief, of having survived yet again had been plucked from their grasp. Sarge understood.
“Come on lads, let’s get this over and done with... Oh Dots, when the ship comes, don’t wait for us – get Scrubs out of here...”
The pilot wouldn’t like the prospect of having to come out again, nor would his squad like the prospect of being stranded, but there was nothing for it. The day was ruined, and it had seemed so fluid until then... He grabbed the handle, and the rest followed. They heaved it up and moved out to the right. Getting all their different paces in synchronous was the most difficult thing. The tall ones, Kid and the creepy special ops men, carried the higher left side. Meat, Sarge and Venti carried the right, being shorter, or in Meat’s case, longer armed.
Sarge was glad of his armour, twice he ended up on his knees, it seemed he was the most ill-fitting. There was much cursing from his squad, they were in a bad mood. The men in purple trimmed suits remained eerily silent, who knew what went on in their brains, and that was partly what made them seem so dangerous, they were completely unknown. Were they trigger happy, angry, sad, scared, cunning, daring – who knew but the Captain?
“Snips! Fire-tiger Walker to our right!” Kid yelled. Fire-tigers were perhaps the most manoeuvrable of the Es’ston walkers, they were well suited to mountainside combat. They could easily cope with the unstable and uneven ground.
Snips bounded up the mountain, a little careless of his footing. He had to meet it before the drill could become its target. By then it would be too late. He assumed that Kid had given plenty of warning. It may not even have been bound for them, but they couldn’t take such a risk. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the Captain was also making her way towards to where the threat might be.
And there it was a little red blip on his vision. He flattened on the ground and took firing position, activating his mono scope vision, and zooming in on the target. The Captain a few metres away did likewise – was she seriously just checking on him, or did she intend to take out a Fire-tiger with her blaster? Either way made no sense.
The walker was coming towards him now. What was it doing past the line anyway – trying to encircle the Guards? The Es’stons frequently used walkers for intimidation and for breaking up formations and assaulting defensive positions. One does have a tendency to panic when one has just seen one’s companions being crushed and rent by giant metal claws. Snips took aim. His finger tightened on the trigger – it was so annoying the way they tended to bob up and down when they were running.
It slipped suddenly, just as Snips was about to fire. He let out a heavy breath, and took aim again, as it predictably regained balance. He fired. The little package of doom whirled its way towards its target. Snips held his breath, it was going slightly slower that he had expected.
Yes! It landed on the cockpit, just above the leg – a good place. Hopefully there were guns needing targets. The Es’ston walker exploded as a shot of plasma ploughed into it. Flaming debris clattered down. Snips had never before seen so rapid a response. Usually he would end up having to run for it at this stage. Evidently this particular marker-gun had some weighting of importance on it... He gave the thumbs up to the Captain. He shoved himself up on his elbows and scrambled back towards the group.
“Good job Snips...” Sarge commended.
“Ah, it were nothin’, our guns was just waitin’ for that...”

Chapter 5: Those Who Take Control...
“Go pronounce his present death, 
And with his former title greet Macbeth”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

Ogher hoisted his blaster, “Right – you guys coming?” he said looking expectantly at Tyr’uc and Slick.
Moments before Elshan had disappeared with a puff of mysteriousness, muttering something about ‘Symbols of Command’, with the capitals. Ogher knew something serious was going down. He was almost certain that, for reasons unknown to him, Magen was intending on taking command of the ship.
And then there was that comment about the navigations systems, it sounded more momentous than a mere technical fault. The way Magen had said it, it sounded like someone had deliberately tampered with the guidance systems. Ogher could deduce fairly easily, that whatever, they had been led off course for a reason. It seemed most likely that the Es’stons had a hand in this – either that or Command was attempting something funny, and Magen was attempting a justifiable coop. However, he did not have the time to spend thinking out these things to the extent that he could predict what would happen next. He would have to take it as it came, and he was fully certain that whatever was on its way, would come. Soon all would be clear, though if he wasn’t careful, it might be for the other side of the veil.
“Yeah,” Tyr’uc said unhappily, “I’m ready... What’s all this about anyway?”
“We’re going to take command of the secondary bridge of the Kuan-Aree... Right?” Ogher said straightforwardly. The he burst out of the room into the corridor. He knocked on the door of the girls’ quarters, “Come on! No time to fuss about your hair!” He hammered again impatiently.
Saar’ha opened the door suddenly. Ogher’s fist hung in the air, he quickly retracted it. “Don’t be silly,” she scolded, “You can’t put on your helmet unless you do your hair,” she continued sternly.
Ogher clawed his face in frustration, “Right,” he said shortly. He began to march down the corridor. Saar’ha followed, beckoning Curiba. Curiba stepped through the low cabin door, her sword’s pommel caught on the door frame, nearly knocking her down. Tyr’uc exiting opposite, was just in time to witness this. He couldn’t help but laugh. Curiba had to carefully angle her way out, peering up at the hilt in a hilarious manner, to make sure it cleared. The grin was swept from Tyr’uc’s face by a loathing scowl from the mortified Curiba. They fell in after Ogher then, Slick straggled along behind.
“So... why are we trying to take over the bridge – is this a mutiny?”
“It’s Magen’s orders...” Ogher grunted. He was busy trying to work out how they would get access to the bridge.
“What?! Is this just another way of saying you don’t have a baldy notion what’s going?” Tyr’uc halted, bringing the rest to a rest too.
“No – I do have half a clue...”
“Right, so you’d just blithely follow potentially mutinous orders? You can’t just go taking over ships because your centurion told you to! That’s pretty dumb.”
“Look Tyr’uc,” Ogher held out a threatening finger, “Sometimes you just have to trust your commander – and it’s not just a centurion – it’s Magen, our centurion. I’ll admit he has a few oddities, but all in all, he’s a half sensible chap. I’d trust him sooner than a bunch of protocols and gut feelings – now, you’d better get moving – or so help me, I’ll make sure you’ll not move again!” Ogher’s face glowered with wrath. They didn’t have the time for this, he was sure, otherwise Magen would have explained it to him.
“Right, right, no need to lose your temper,” Tyr’uc held his hands defensively in front of him. They marched on. Ogher bit his tongue, or more at this point restrained his impulse to thump him.
They streamed their way through throngs of other guards coming off duty. Arriving at the lift, Ogher jammed his stubby finger on the button.
“Are lifts dangerous in combat situations?” Slick mumbled.
“We’ll take the risk, it’ll be faster than fighting our way through hoards of Guards,” Ogher explained.
“Em,” Tyr’uc cleared his throat, “So – em...” He stumbled in the face of Ogher’s glare, “How are we going to get bridge access? I mean like, there’ll be security. A lock – you know, PIC reader, keypad, maybe even an iris scanner...”
“Yes, I had thought of that. It’s not a problem...” Ogher spoke more calmly. Tyr’uc was being a bit more constructive. The lift arrived, and they crowded in.
“Curiba, get your sword out of my face!” Tyr’uc complained.
“I can’t, there isn’t enough room you’ll have to put up with it.”
“Why did you bring it anyway?! You’re not supposed to use it.”
“I have to have the option of using it, otherwise I won’t be able to prove that it doesn’t use me...” She declared obstinately, quite proud of her plan.
“There’ll be a special code,” Ogher continued when it became clear that the two chief ‘bickerers’ were done. “…For like, the engineers and fitters that built the ship. It’s quite usual. I know most of the codes used by Terranchi shipyards – just a matter of guessing the right one...”
“And what happens if it’s one you don’t know?” Tyr’uc questioned.
“Well,” Ogher shifted his blaster sheepishly, “We are carrying high energy weapons...”
“There’ll be two guards too,” Slick commented, “Y’know, one to get killed and one to raise the alarm.” Slick smirked at his own joke. Apparently it hadn’t been very funny, nobody laughed.
“Yes, I haven’t thought how to deal with that yet,” Ogher said, the problem was not killing them...
“Well y’see, the trick is – you kill them both at once...” Slick emphasised with his hands, a sort of chopping action. Still no-one laughed.
“I rather suspect Magen doesn’t want us to kill them...” Saar’ha said dryly. Somehow she seemed to suggest that she didn’t necessarily identify with this.
“Yes he very specifically ordered that...” Ogher said. It seemed a rather delicate situation, and he wasn’t sure he was really equipped to deal with it. Killing them did seem the sensible, most straightforward thing to do.
“Couldn’t we just, sort of walk up with an air of confidence. They’ll probably assume we’re meant to be there...” Tyr’uc looked around at his companions for approval.
“Hmm,” Ogher nodded. Yeah, that could work. Guards were never that sharp, it came from hours of boredom – or in some cases a strong sense of the self-preservation instinct. “Yes, we’ll try that first.” Presently the lift arrived at the command section. The doors opened and the troop poured out. Ogher guided them along the corridor confidently, not bothering to study the ship layout displays (which in battle would have been disabled, or quite misleading – though at this moment they would have been perfectly usable by Ogher).
He halted...
“These are the toilets Ogher...” Tyr’uc felt compelled to point out.
“Ye-es,” Ogher said disconcertedly, “But – they’re toilets for the bridge staff! So that means we’re close...”
“How do you know that?!” Tyr’uc demanded.
“Well you see the little man and lady are standing a bit straighter,” Ogher pointed at the universal emblems used to indicate which toilet was appropriate.
“Haw, haw,” Tyr’uc said sarcastically. “Now seriously.”
“Well I do know how these ships are designed,” Ogher explained, it was ridiculous that he had to keep saying that, “You know, I worked as a chief engineer in a shipyard. Hey, I probably even designed this ship, for all I know. Now, follow me.”
He walked to the next turning in the corridor. They rounded the corner.
“HALT!” One of the two guards barked, “You are not authorised to enter this area.”
The squad froze. They had two blasters pointing at them, and next, they would be asked to explain what they were doing here. Ogher didn’t have the foggiest what he was going to say. He fingered his blaster, hanging at his waist, this could turn ugly...
One guard stood at the security console, and the other in front of the regularly sized, reinforced door to the bridge. A wider door would have been far less advantageous, it was unlikely that those on the bridge would ever be trying to fight their way out.
A tense few seconds passed, it seemed the guards weren’t sure what was going to happen either. They were faced with five fully armed Guards, and charged with the protection of the bridge. There were only two reasons why someone would come this way... mistake, or intent.
The other guard spoke, boldly and clearly, “If you’re looking for the – ehem – privy, it’s down the corridor to your left...” he pointed with his free hand.
“Right, thanks,” Ogher hailed him casually, and the squad slunk back around the corner. They retreated noisily, out of earshot of the guards as far as the ‘privy’.
“Okay, that didn’t work – but I’ve got an idea...” Ogher said. Saar’ha turned sharply, she was getting an inkling of what he was thinking. “Saar’ha, if you sort of take off all your armoured plates, and mail – you can distract the guards – you know what I mean, and we’ll...” he was cut off as Saar’ha’s gauntleted fist came across his face full force. Totally unprepared, he crashed against the wall.
“Do try and spend an extra few moments thinking, or perhaps should be more careful what you think about,” Saar’ha had drawn herself to her full height, and stood with her arms crossed, her eyes flashing in that basilisk-like manner.
“Right, right, you only had to say no...” Ogher grumbled, “I’m not going to make you do anything you don’t want to.”
“I had more objection to the fact that you actually thought about it.”
“Well, my thoughts are my own.”
“Then just keep them to yourself in the future.”
“Okay. So anybody got any other ideas?” Ogher straightened himself up, looking around Tyr’uc.
“Well I could...” Curiba began.
“No, no, no, no. We wouldn’t expect that of you.” Ogher interrupted quickly.
Curiba stiffened, “That’s not... what I was going to say...” she said between clenched teeth.
“Oh,” Ogher began to look a bit ashamed.
“I was going to use the Sword...”
Ogher and Slick, both reasonably suspicious of the sword, exchanged looks. “I – I think Magen said that you weren’t to use it. I might not even work...” Ogher suggested. He among others, did not like the idea of the sword – it was, not right, thought control – and possibly unpredictable. Magen, had decided that it wasn’t malevolent, but Slick and Ogher weren’t so sure. 
“It will work! It’s not just your imaginations! How can you kid yourselves!” Curiba protested, “It really is the Black Sword – the Singing Sword – you all heard it!” She calmed a bit, measuring her breathing, “But I won’t use it, Magen did say, and I guess this isn’t desperate enough...” She looked over at Saar’ha and back again to Ogher, “Though you seem to think it’s more desperate than that,” she said to him accusingly.
“No, no, quite right, not that desperate,” Slick stammered, “We could, like use a grenade.” He unclipped the explosive package from his belt.
“No! We’re not supposed to kill them!” Ogher chastised.
“Really?” he leaned towards Ogher, “Do you want Curiba to use that thing?” he hissed, indicating the ominous black sword.
Ogher sank back against the wall, he needed to think... The problem was non-lethality, how did one get past two armed Seaton Guards? He was sure the distraction idea had been good – but he couldn’t think of any other distractions, that wouldn’t involve getting shot. And the four remaining could have restrained the guards, but then what. They didn’t have hand-cuffs, and a guard could take a pretty severe knock behind that armour. You need something more serious than a fist or blaster stock.
“Okay how about this...” Tyr’uc began, “We go around the corner again, except this time, we have our blasters ready, and aimed at them – they wouldn’t be stupid enough to try it with five blasters on them...”
“Yeah, yeah,” Slick agreed brightly, then he seemed to lose his enthusiasm for the idea, “Except they probably are that stupid – one of us could even get killed...” Slick did not have to say that he suspected that that someone would be him.
“Well, maybe more dedicated than stupid,” Ogher said decently, “But that’s far too risky – we don’t want to have to kill them. They’re Seatons, for the sake of goodness. We can’t go around killing our own kind, there’s plenty enough Es’stons to do that for us. They are on our side...”
“Unless this is a mutiny,” Tyr’uc said, “Come on, what other option do we have?” Ogher was staring at a patch of wall somewhere to Tyr’uc’s left. “Hello?” Tyr’uc waved.
Yes... that would do. Ogher pounced, and lifted the bright red fire extinguisher off its hook. One needed something hefty to stun a guard...
“Right, Slick, smoke grenade. Creep up and set it off at the corner.” Ogher watched him go, “I want the rest of you to be shouting and screaming and stuff, as if there’s a fire. Tyr’uc, see if you can find another one of these...” he paused, measuring up Tyr’uc, “Actually, that won’t do at all, I’ll go myself – you stay here and scream with the girls.” Ogher didn’t doubt that Tyr’uc could lift a fire extinguisher, he was more concerned on a mechanical level, what would happen to Tyr’uc if he swung it with force. Tyr’uc didn’t have the bulk to hold him down. He get in one hit, and if he missed it would be over – and Magen would not be pleased.
Tyr’uc glowered, and was about to protest, but Ogher was off, after Slick.
Ogher stepped up softly behind the crouching Slick, not wishing to alert the Guards. Slick had just activated the smoke grenade. The others began to shout ‘fire’. It was ludicrous, there was no screaming. Apparently they noticed this.
“Curiba, scream...” Tyr’uc prompted, it was no use asking Saar’ha.
“Why don’t you...” she replied.
Ogher heard this interchange drift up the passageway. He wondered vaguely if the guards had heard their discussion. Sound appeared to travel rather well.
Slick stood up then, and turned to run, instead he bounced off Ogher, whom he hadn’t heard.
“Ahh!” he screeched as he stumbled backwards, falling into the passage that led to the secondary bridge.
“Oi!” one of the Guards, no doubt on his guard at this stage yelled. Two shots followed, but Slick was too fast for their reaction times, he sprinted down the corridor away towards the others.
One of the guards inadvisably gave chase. He turned the corner tightly – Ogher’s fire extinguisher shot out. It connected beautifully with the guards jaw. He flew across the opening, smashing into the opposing corner.
The corridor was now dense with smoke. Ogher decided to take a bit of a risk. There wasn’t much choice anyway. He charged round the corner, leaping to the far side, the guard’s first precise shot missing. Ogher ploughed towards him like an unstoppable train. The guard fired a few wild shots in his direction. The fire extinguisher swung up from under hand. It knocked the blaster out of the way, hurling it out of the guard’s hand. Then the guard was pasted to the wall, sandwiched by Ogher’s momentum.
Ogher stepped back and then ‘konked’ the guard on the head with the heavy bludgeon – he dropped...
The others were not aware that Ogher had been successful, in fact, probability dictated that the man with the gun should have shot him. They weren’t hopeless, but they were definitely worried. Well, except Slick, who always assumed the worst, it meant he was often unpleasantly surprised.
“Come on,” Saar’ha beckoned them...
“He’s dead, I know it!” Slick wailed. Which also meant, that he hadn’t dispatched the guard, he’d be around the corner in a second to kill the rest of them. He was sure he saw a shadow move in the smoke.
They walked apprehensively towards the pall of smoke. Ogher stepped out at that moment... his shoulder was smouldering, he dangled the fire extinguisher from one hand.
“It’s okay, I’ve dealt with them.” He beckoned them to follow him.
“Your shoulder is burning...” Saar’ha said sedately.
“Is that perchance an inquiry after my health?”
“No.”
Ogher grunted, and turned, heading for the security console. He keyed in the Kalhar code, on a wild guess. It involved holding down a strange combination of buttons at once. He was not surprised when the door unlocked. He opened it, and Saar’ha marched on past purposefully.
“I’ve to sort out the navigation.”
“Ogher, I thought you said mentioned something about not killing them...” Tyr’uc said holding the closest guard’s head. He let go and it lolled. Tyr’uc straightened up.
“He’s not dead surely? – It was only a little tap,” Ogher started.
Tyr’uc laughed, “No... but they’re definitely out cold, which begs the question – what do we do with them?”
“Well bring them in here for a start.” Ogher indicated for Curiba and Slick to grab the other one. Ogher and Tyr’uc dragged the guard in by the shoulders. They propped him by the door. Curiba and Slick followed shortly.
“I want you two to watch them,” Ogher said. He handed Curiba the fire extinguisher.
“You know your shoulder’s still burning?” Curiba said.
“Uh – give me a touch with that then.”
Curiba fired the extinguisher at his shoulder. He wiped off the foam.
“So – em – what do we do if they wake up?” Slick asked, darting an uneasy look at the slumbering guards.
“You’ve got Curiba with a fire extinguisher...”
“Er – right...” he looked nervously at the mute guards, “Right.” He didn’t get a further opportunity to express his concerns, Ogher’s attention had shifted.
Ogher and Tyr’uc walked around the defensive wall that stood in front of the doorway, designed to break up any attackers. Either side of the wall, opposite the entrances, there were consoles. On the right was a security controls desk, with a large multi display for the cameras situated about the ship. The console made an arc starting at the wall, and extending to near the centre of the room, leaving enough space for a passage to the rest of the deck. The other console, was Firing control, it followed the arching style of the other, though its displays were quite different.
Beyond these were two tactical display tables, much smaller than those of the Black Dragon. Chairs butted on to the walls at the sides, for buckling in, by tradition, and practicality, one would stand around the tables. To the left wall between these chairs, was the Ship Status display, a feature common to just about all Seaton military vehicles. There were other consoles interspersed, like the communications console.
On down, at the end, Saar’ha occupied the navigational station, were path-finding instrumentation, maps, and driving controls would be found. Saar’ha was already checking the instrumentation, compass, altimeter, speedometer, satellite tracking and positioning and the 3D relief map of the area, based on this information. She also had visuals from various positions on the ship, and a multitude of other scanning equipment, which was also used for ‘Observation’. Unfortunately, all this equipment, including compass, came through a computer interface, which basically meant, it was far easier for it to lie. The Seatons had a blind spot in relation to computer processing and control. Great things could be done, it was undeniable, but with it came a weakness.
“So now what?” Tyr’uc asked.
“I’m pretty sure Magen wants this place up and running, I think he intends to use it.” Ogher walked over one of the black unlit tactical displays. He booted it up from the control console, with little problem. The little holograms, translucent began to write in the space above the table. An exploded model of the ship appeared. “Tyr’uc can you get the weapons systems on-line?”
“I’ll try...” he walked over to the console. He cricked his knuckles, right, it was just another computer, okay he hadn’t a clue about the Kuan-Aree’s weapons systems, but it couldn’t be that different from some of his ‘fighter sims’. He stared at it blankly for a moment. He pressed what looked very much like an ‘on’ switch. Nothing happened. He had a closer look, the answer became obvious, “I think it needs two keys...”
“Yes, that’s right, Captain and Chief Gunner,” Ogher replied without looking up. He finished booting the defence systems console. “I’ll be with you in a sec. I think I might know how to get around it, have a wee think there yourself while you’re waiting.” He activated the shield and laser anti-missile defence (or LAMD, to cut out all the meaningful words). “Curiba, can you go out and bash up the security console outside, to stop anyone official getting in. Close the door when you come back in – and only let someone in if you’re sure they’re friendly,” Ogher yelled, as his fingers played over the touch screen and familiar interface.
“Yes, sir.” She set about executing her task. The ‘sir’ had been, of course, vaguely disrespectful.
“A scout wing just passed over,” Saar’ha said.
“Es’stons?”
“Yes, of course...”
“Probably checking to see if we were able to fight...” Ogher murmured, “Get ready to manoeuvre.”
“No, I was just going to sit here and watch them tear the ship to shreds.”
“No need for that, and I am in charge...”
“Are you sure?”
“Enough in charge that you should listen to my orders,” he said gruffly. Challenging Saar’ha cool gaze. “If you’re not prepared to take orders – you shouldn’t be here.”
“Okay, anything else?” She asked, her demeanour unchanged.
“Well – how’s our course?”
“Completely off – none of the equipment is giving sensible readings. It would be great if there was a real compass up here. As it is I’ve set a course by the sun’s position. Once we hit the Jahiran archipelagos, we can set a better course, following the islands to Solara,” She explained.
“Just like the sailors of old... Elshan would love this!” Ogher suspected, that Saar’ha had not changed her attitude to his command. Saar’ha would not be easy for anyone to command, so Ogher was not too bothered.
“Ogher?” Tyr’uc frustratedly beckoned him.
“Right, right.” He marched to the console hurriedly. He knelt down and felt the panel that hid the internals of the console. “Got a screw driver by any chance?”
Tyr’uc shook his head, “You know maybe I could hack the main computer from one of its insecure terminals...”
“It’d take too long. Curiba!” he bellowed, “Hurry up – I need that fire extinguisher!” He ran out after her. She was still busy thumping a well pulped security console.
“What?” She stopped.
“I need the fire extinguisher. You’re done anyway, that console’s no use to anyone any more. And you’ll be lucky if you haven’t brought every guard in the section running with that racket.”
Curiba pouted, “Just making sure,” she handed him the extinguisher as the re-entered the bridge. Ogher closed the door after them, and locked it manually with the big wheel lock.
He went and bashed the cover off the weapons console then.
“Well?” Tyr’uc asked, as Ogher began to root around inside. “I bet it’s not a simple matter of crossing a few wires...”
“No... and it’s not going to work – I don’t recognise this set-up. It may be a later revision...” Ogher said glumly. He stood up, and handed the fire extinguisher back to an impatiently waiting Curiba.
“Just get back over here with that,” Slick snapped. He put up with this long enough. He was sure one of the guards twitched, “Actually, just give it to me...”
“No!” Curiba pulled it away from him, “Ogher gave it to me – and I can probably use it better anyway.”
“Right enough, right enough,” Slick backed down from the ‘recently eighteen’ year old. He sighed, the circus would have been so much better than the Guard, oh why was he so fated. Now he would probably die young from heart failure. All this plotting and assaulting guards was really taking it out of him. It was bound to be detrimental to the health of the mind too. There was a knock on the door. He gave a start. “Don’t open it!” He gasped.
“Ow!” Tyr’uc knocked his head straightening up. He’d joined Ogher in investigating the bewildering interior of the console. Slick was not the only one to have started.
“Calm down, it’s almost certainly Magen... Elshan or Yicle, wherever they’ve got to,” Ogher said. It struck him then that guard number two’s direction to the toilets had been a bit weird, perhaps he had informed some security. He drew his Viper, and set it to the high setting, “Tyr’uc,” He indicated that he wanted his Viper. Tyr’uc tossed it. Having two shots at once could easily be an advantage in these cramped spaces. “Curiba, get ready to open the door,” he said as he walked around the barrier. He gestured for Slick and Tyr’uc to get behind the defensive wall, to take a firing position.
“Who is it?!” Ogher barked.
“Magen and Yicle,” a voice called back, “Can you open up now, time is short...” As he said that, the ship shuddered.
“Es’ston fighters on the attack – they’re targeting our engines!” Saar’ha called.
Curiba had the door open, Magen and Yicle walked in.
“Where’ve you been??” Ogher waggled a finger at Yicle’s sooty armour.
“In the wars...” Yicle replied.
“Come on, no time for pleasantries!” Magen dashed over to the tactical display, “We’ve got to organise the defence of this ship – why aren’t the weapons systems on-line, can’t you see we’re being attacked!” he gesticulated excitedly at the display. They’re planning to board...” In confirmation of this, a group of drop-ships suddenly appeared on the display.
“Yeah, we could do with being able to shoot back!” Saar’ha said. She activated the battle manoeuvres display, essentially a holographic render of the ship from an exterior rear view and its environs – namely the Es’ston fighter ships, now on their tail.
The ship lurched about, as Saar’ha began to practise evasive manoeuvring, in so far as that applied to a ship of this size.
“We’ve been working on it – we need two data keys, one from the captain and one from the chief gunner,” Ogher explained.
“Can’t Tyr’uc hack it or something?” Yicle asked, joining Magen at the tactical display. Ogher and Tyr’uc had returned to their investigation of the weapons console.
“It might take a while,” Ogher explained. He didn’t really believe it was possible anyway, but that would offend Tyr’uc, and he’d likely be determined to prove him wrong then. “Magen, what the hell is going on?”
“Right, well, I’m taking command of this ship – because the command crew have been assassinated, or at least put out of action...”
“The whole command crew?!!” Ogher gasped.
“From what I saw in the hospital, yes. There might be a few still around – but as you can see, no-one else has tried to claim the bridge,” Magen explained, moving his arms out wide to indicate the room they were standing in. “No Ogher, I need you down here – start thinking about how to defend the ship...”
“So I take it the primary bridge is out of action... How are you planning to affirm command over the entire crew?” Tyr’uc questioned sceptically, as Ogher began to study the ship layout, and pre-existing battle-plans on the ‘interior’ tactical display.
“Damoclus’ blessing – and a symbol I hope – I’ve got the bridge, and hopefully the symbols soon,” Magen was busy trying to get himself collected and focussed on what the tactical displays were telling him.
“That’s what Elshan is up to then – the symbols,” Tyr’uc deduced.
“Magen, those look like Elite Es’ston forces – there could only be, maybe, a max of two thousand on those ships,” Yicle pointed at the shadowing, waiting, drop-ships. “They’ll wait till they’re sure we’re neutralised before coming in, I’d guess.”
“Well apart from that, have you ever tried making your way across a deck that’s moving Mach 3? It air resistance you’re dealing with there. They have to wait till we’re going slower, or stopped.” Ogher added.
“I believe I included that with the word ‘neutralised’.”
Magen whipped round in Tyr’uc’s direction, “Tyr’uc! – I’ve had an inspiration, those keys will still be on their owners, possibly – get Janessa on the line, and get her to grab them and bring them down here. Tell her to be quick too...”
“Right, will do.” Tyr’uc activated his wristlet.
“Hmm, that does change things a bit,” Ogher mused, “I’m guessing they’re of the Tyra clan?”
“Yes, good guess,” Yicle agreed, zooming in on one, showing off the familiar clan markings.
“That means they’ll have decent equipment, rail-guns and probably HEL firing support, plus heavy body armour to top it off – two thousand on two thousand, sort of. A fair fight, except they’re elites and we’re only fresh recruits – but we’re in defence, but less than organised...” Ogher tried to weigh up who was the more likely to win...
Clan Tyra was frequently, fearfully whispered about by battle hardened Guards, and timorously pondered by rookies. They were a nightmarish force for the Seaton Guard. Often Clan Tyra deployed entire forces armed with rail-guns. They were always well trained too, unlike other Clans’ forces. The terror of the Guard worked against Tyra though – their drop-ships, and fleets were often given more firing weight, and quite rightly, due to the threat they posed.
“Magen! Get some anti-aircraft gunners out there! The Es’ston fighters are just walking all over this ship.” Saar’ha burst suddenly, the Es’stons were obviously frustrating her, “We’re losing thrust – the shields’ll be maxing out soon!” Saar’ha waved a hand in the direction of the ship status display.
“I’ll assume we can’t outrun them – I think I need to announce command – Saar’ha we’d have to slow down a bit to allow the gunners on deck,” Magen played tentatively with the ship’s intercom.
“You’re wish may be granted soon – at least ready them – we could have boarding action within a few minutes, if you don’t get those weapons on-line!”
Magen cursed, this was not going to work. He neither had Damoclus’ announcement nor the blue captain’s shoulder pad – well the crew need not have a visual at this point...
“Janessa,” he commed, “Can you get Damoclus to make his announcement? I have the bridge.”
“What?! I’m halfway there already! Besides that he fell unconscious after you left, he’s very badly injured,” She had discarded her helmet, and was looking quite breathless. She had been running, before Magen interrupted her.
“Oh. Well, just head on up here then,” he closed comms. ‘Arghh’ he thought – he’d just have to do it and hope for the best. How had he forgotten about his orders to Tyr’uc, there was so much going on.
“Go on!” Ogher encouraged.
“Right.” Magen nodded. He made a quick request of his creator, and hit the ships intercom, “This is Centurion Magen Agasan, Swordmaster of Gahon, Division 66. The command crew of this vessel and command officers of divisions 66 and 62 have been assassinated by Es’ston infiltrators. We have been left without command. As there is no one else to take this responsibility, I am assuming command of the Kuan-Aree, her crew and divisions 66 and 62, while this crisis lasts. Marshal Damoclus has given his approval, however he is not fit to make an announcement. If there are any objections, please contact High Command. This ship is under attack by a force of Es’ston Elites, we believe they wish to take the ship intact – prepare for boarding and battle. Orders will follow shortly...” he let go of the comms button.
“Perfect!” Yicle clapped.
“Ogher, how are those battle-plans coming along?” Magen watched Ogher move the little holographic counters about, he had three models of the ship up. Two were different battle plans, and one was a current tactical view of the ship. The little counters had begun to light up, representing units ready for battle, it seemed at the very least the Guards were getting ready for battle, Magen just hoped it was to follow him.
“It’s a bit of a cut and paste job, but I think it should – at least – give us a chance... I’ve decided instead of full on stationary defensive positions, we should use the advantage of us knowing the ship’s layout – and the Es’stons not. It’s from Centurion Mattias’ trapping plans – I think he must have thought the Es’stons were as well equipped as us, or perhaps he had the Tyra Clan in mind for it. It looks well anyway,” Ogher explained, “The armoured internal sections – the cargo bay, engineering, and command section – will be final retreat positions, where various battle groups can join up and form a solid defence, after they’ve caused their damage. The Engines room will be undefended though – we can’t defend everything, and we don’t need to, in fact defend anything, except our own lives – the Es’stons want the ship intact right? It doesn’t matter if they take control of something like the engine room, as long as we can ultimately defeat them...”
“Yes, well that doesn’t look bad, but I’ll have to trust you, I can’t look over every detail. Now, Battle Group One, is a heavy weapons century,” Magen tapped, “Send the orders for them to take position now, and we’ll finish off these plans, and have it downloaded.”
“Done, they’ll be ready to open fire if we slow down or stop – assuming the centurions accept your command,” Ogher replied, his finger tracing about the control display, “There is a bit of a problem though.”
“Oh, really?”
Ogher looked sheepish for a moment, “There’s no battle-plan for defending the secondary bridge... D’you guys get lazy?”
“Hmm, something like that,” Magen pored over the display worriedly, “Complacent maybe. Here – we’ll get Dektri to bring his century up here. He’s fairly good improvising, if a little inexperienced – just like the rest of us I suppose,” He smiled wryly. “I’ll comm him.” At that moment his comm began to flash.
Dektri himself appeared, “Warm greetings Magen – After some discussion with my compatriots, we have decided to accept your position of command, until this crisis is over,” he said properly, then he smiled, “So what is it you want from me?” he said in his exotic crossed Terranchi-Jahiran accent.
“Well, it seems there’s no plan of defence, or anything, for the secondary bridge. I wanted to ask you if you’d be prepared to head up here with your century, and try to put something together? It’s a lot to ask I know, but I wouldn’t trust anyone else...” Magen implored.
“It would be an honour Magen – It is a good thing you have got the bridge, otherwise it might have been more difficult to convince the other centurions – Dektri out. Do not worry, I will sort it out.” His face was the icon of trustworthiness, not that it meant a much given his merchant’s background.
Well, so Dektri had ‘sold’ him to the other centurions. He could imagine Dektri waxing poetic about all the pros of electing Magen, slathering Magen’s skills with hyperbole. The disadvantages, would have been dumbed down and dismissed as unimportant. He had a lot to thank him for. The bridge had certainly been a good idea. People were less likely to object once it had been physically decided. A filled bridge was less open for discussion than an empty one. Magen’s position had practically been incontestable in this situation, the centurions would have recognised the foolishness of defiance.
There was a hammering at the door.
“Tyr’uc, Curiba, Slick, can you deal with that,” Magen commanded without looking up from the display.
Curiba, taking the lead from Ogher, grabbed Slick’s Viper, slinging the blaster over her shoulder.
“Who is it, friend or foe?” she interrogated, standing well back from the door. She wasn’t sure that a blaster wouldn’t just burn through it.
“It’s Janessa...” she panted, wheezing from her long run up four levels from the hospital. Curiba indicated to Tyr’uc to open the door.
“What? Open it yourself!”
“It could be a trick…” She hissed back.
“Don’t be stupid – Oh yeah, a bunch of mutinous guards recorded Janessa’s voice, knowing that we would open the door for her – I don’t think so, somehow.” Tyr’uc scoffed.
“Yeah,” Slick said, “But that’s what they’d want you to think...”
“They could have her a gun-point. Stupid!” Curiba said in a ‘stage shout’.
“Curiba!” Janessa shouted sounding a bit harassed, “Just open the door – I’ve got the keys.”
“Right, okay...” Curiba gave in, she would just risk it. Besides, the sword would not let harm come to her. She spun the manual wheel lock, and swung the door out. It was indeed, Janessa, and there were no threatening guards.
“Thanks – Tyr’uc, here’s the keys.” Janessa proffered the cards towards him.
He snatched them from her and dashing to the console.
“I’ll head back to the hospital now...” She said, still standing in the doorway.
“NO!” Magen shouted startlingly, “I mean, no, we could do with an extra hand here – I need someone to keep an eye of the ship status display.”
Ogher looked up at Janessa, who had moved around the barrier, “And besides, at any second the engines could fail, and then we’d be boarded – it wouldn’t do to be wandering around.” He glanced at Magen, looking him in the eye, with some understanding implied. Ogher at least had guessed that there was something more to that ‘no’.
“Well, you probably should have a medical officer up here anyway.” She went over to investigate the stunned guards. She wasn’t feeling too pressured about the ship status display, and there was healing to be done. “A fractured jaw, and a few broken ribs,” She declared, “I suppose it could be worse, they could be dead.” She glared accusingly at Ogher.
“Tyr’uc – Weapons?” Magen enquired.
“Sorry – it’s not working for some reason,” he sighed wringing his hands. He tried plugging in the cards again, nothing. “Oh! The keys have built in thumb readers!” He realised what the strange vaguely egg shaped coloured blob on the cards were.
“I see... Well, keep working on it, I’m sure you’ll come up with something,” Magen returned his attention to the battle plans, he was busy trying to catch up with Ogher, so that he would know what was going on. “This is going to be slaughter! Don’t get me wrong it’s a pretty good battle plan, and I think we will beat the Es’stons, but there’s going to be a lot of blood spilt before it’s over,” he spoke to Ogher.
“I know what you mean, but I don’t know what else we can do.”
“We need some extra edge... I think we should redeploy 663J at these stairs here, in Green Section Level 3,” Magen tapped the display image.
“That’s not going to give us an extra edge...”
“No, but it’ll make 663J more useful. They’ll help keep this way open for our troops to circle round, using these stairs as well.” In this particular area the guards would be able to move round and encircle Es’stons on either level. It was paramount that at least one of the stairs was passable. If the Es’stons saw what was going on, the trap could be inverted potentially. 663J new proposed position would help prevent this happening.
“Well, I had thought of that, but wouldn’t the squad be a bit far from their own century then, and their centurion. They could end up very isolated. It’s very different from the deployment of their own century,” Ogher argued.
“See if the sergeant is okay to be attached to century 624 temporarily. It’s Pelian right? Actually, Yicle, can you deal with that? There’s not so much going on with the exterior tactical display, if you can just keep an eye on it, while you deal with communications.” Magen enquired, realised Yicle was at a bit of a loose end really.
“Yeah, I can handle that.”
“It’s not exactly conventional to break up units,” Ogher mumbled discontentedly.
“Janessa – do you have a laser scalpel?” Tyr’uc asked her, while Ogher and Magen had this discussion. Laser scalpel was of course a complete misnomer, it was in fact a nano scalpel, but due to the red light generated by the active nanobots, which were used to cut and fuse biomaterial, the name laser scalpel had caught on. It was also part of a publicity ploy, everyone was much happier to be burnt by lasers, than have their bodies infiltrated by flesh destroying nanobots.
“Yeah, sure.” She detached her med-pack from her belt and passed him the scalpel.
“Can you set it to a cutting depth of 2mm?” He handed it back. That was about the thickness of the casing material.
“What are you up to?” She set the scalpel to the desired setting, and gave it back to Tyr’uc again.
“Well, I reckon, these thumb pads are fairly standard of the shelf things, they’ll use the Standard Data Transfer method – the same as what the wristlet uses. It’s just a different box. I can use the wristlet to emulate the thumb reader, and I can get the officers thumb prints, probably from the same database the ship’s computer has them from. Recruitment Records was hacked ages ago...” Tyr’uc sat on the floor, feverishly cutting the cards open. He was right, it had been built using standard components, despite the non-standard connector and package. Tyr’uc then shuffled in one of the pouches on his belt, he drew out a data cube, and began to slice it open too, for its standard connector.
“Oh – are you going to need some wires?” Janessa asked, peering at the debris Tyr’uc had created.
Tyr’uc didn’t answer, he was already absorbed. He placed the data cube connector next to the card, and using the scalpel like a soldering iron, he detached the thumb reader from the solid state memory chip board. Dexterously he held the scalpel in one hand with the card, and began to fuse the now detached wires from the thumb reader. He had only taken a second to work out the pin connections. He completed this fiddly work in a few seconds, with well-practised precision. Janessa had to look away briefly, it looked painfully like Tyr’uc was going to slice his fingers – not that sliced fingers bothered Janessa, it was the carelessness beforehand that grated so badly on her nerves. He completed the second card then.
“I’ll need another wristlet,” he said, looking up at Janessa. It seemed for a second some shadow passed over his expression – something slightly unpleasant, almost like a second, hidden face.
“Um – can you get Curiba’s, I should be over at the ship status display...” She darted away, unsettled by what she had glimpse. She wished she could just put down as her imagination – but why would she wish to imagine something like that.
“Curiba?” He gave her and expectant look.
“What, no! I’m not giving you my wristlet to cut apart!” Curiba held it away defensively. A Seaton wristlet could be quite a personal thing. In many cases as personal as a diary, and especially for girls, who often did use them as diaries. “It won’t work anyway, you’re just wasting time!”
“It will, just give me the wristlet!” He shook his open hand at her.
“Why don’t you just bash it in – that always works,” Curiba suggested, “Watch...” She launched forward with the fire extinguisher in hand.
“Noo!” Several voices screamed in unison – it was too late the fire extinguisher came down. There was a crunch.
Tyr’uc jumped up after her, and pulled her away before a second blow could come down.
“You stupid, stupid, stupid girl!” he spluttered. He gazed mournfully at the smashed card reader. He brushed at it with his hand. It was no good, it was completely wrecked.
“What! It works in the movies?!” Curiba protested.
“Only because watching someone mess about with electronics would be boring. This is real life – nobody makes security systems that dumb! Do you know what you’ve done?!!” Tyr’uc spun around to face her, pointing a terrible accusatory finger, “You’ve doomed us all!” He shouted into her face, barely able to contain himself – in fact, he wasn’t really.
“Would you two shut up, and get the door – and no, we aren’t doomed,” Magen said evenly, with restrained aggravation. “I’m trying to think here. It’ll be Elshan, just let him in. I don’t know why he’s taken so long though...”
The three doormen took their usual positions. Curiba opened the door herself this time. She was beginning to see how stupid her approach had been, and wanted to make it clear she wasn’t useless. It was indeed Elshan. He staggered in, carrying the blue captain’s shoulder pad, and – a fire extinguisher.
“Sorry I took so long – just, I met a lot of nosy people along the way... Don’t worry, I didn’t kill anyone – I think...” he held up the almost ubiquitous multi-purpose fire extinguisher.
“Well, it’s a bit late for it now,” Magen commented, “Still who knows, it might be useful yet – thanks anyway...”
“Oh, well, that’s a pity... It was a good idea though, you could have dressed up as Rossi or something,” Elshan leaned on the security controls desk, setting the shoulder plate down beside it. “Is there anything you want me to do?”
“Elshan – do you know how to activate the weapons systems on this thing?” Ogher asked.
“Oh yeah, if the keys are lost or damaged for some reason, there has to be an over-ride. If the captain just comms engineering, I think they can activate them manually from the main computer – the main reason for the security is to stop trigger happy gunners...”
“Engineering, this is Centurion Magen Agasan, I request for the weapons systems to be activated...” Magen commed.
“Yes-sir! We were just beginning to think you might need the over-ride,” the Chief Engineer responded.
“Thanks – Magen out.”
“Real commanders don’t say ‘thanks’,” Elshan jibed.
“Well I do. Now, Yicle, you looked as if you had something to say,” he gestured with a free hand for Elshan and Tyr’uc to take the gunning controls. Tyr’uc could grasp just about anything that involved computers, and Magen knew, Elshan would know.
“I was just thinking, that perhaps if there’s an Es’ston spy, saboteur on board, they might be interested in the Engine rooms about now – you should send some men down there to investigate,” Yicle divulged.
“You’re right!” Magen thought for a moment, he didn’t want to send anyone from his division – he had a suspicion the saboteur had long been at work within their ranks. It would do no good to be sending the spy to where he wanted to be, “Send Centurion Mattias down there with some men – I know him – seemed fairly intelligent.”
“Alrighty!” Yicle smiled as he commed the centurion.
“Janessa report?”
“Well, main engines are at 50%, they’ve been causing some damage, armour has been penetrated in a few places. They’ve totally knocked out the long range sensor array,” she hesitated, “I don’t know, there’s all kinds of other stuff flashing – I don’t know what’s important to you.”
“That’s okay, that’s all I need to know – Saar’ha?” Magen noted that the shields were totally maxed out, and were not dispersing energy fast enough – the bucket was overflowing, and energy weapons could pierce through to the armour now.
“All I can say is I’m glad you got those guns going. It’s taken a bit of heat off the engines. We’re maxed at Mach 2 though...” Saar’ha looked over her shoulder, it seemed she was a lot more relaxed now that the guns were online – it made it a lot harder for the Es’ston fighters to hold a target for any length of time, they had to watch out now, and staying in one spot for more than a few seconds was close to suicide. The fighters trailed out behind in the wake of Kuan-Aree, almost like brightly coloured strands of paper confetti, with their various wavelength HELs firing.
“Is there any chance we could make it to Solara?” Magen brightened up, encouraged by Saar’ha’s relaxed composure. He had been looking, bleak – quite austere and serious, since he had entered the bridge. There were so many things going on, he had to collect all these strands together in his mind and weave them into a tapestry that would save all their lives, and also prevent the Es’stons’ disruptive or ruinous plans, whatever those might be.
Saar’ha burst out with a short peal laughter... “At Mach 2, not a chance!” she said with definitiveness, after she stopped.
“Right…” So there was no escape. The engines would lose power at some point. The Es’ston drop-ships would descend. They would be boarded. Many would die, and there was no guarantee they would win. Perhaps surrender would be a better option, but then would they be surrendering Solara too. What were the Es’stons planning? They wanted the ship, could they really impersonate an entire Terranchi division – would they have to? Just a few stand ins for the officers... Magen had little faith in the security of the identity wristlets. Everyone had one, which meant they were easy to get, and anyone could take one apart...
“We’ve lost two of our main guns – I think,” Janessa tapped the display. Ogher took a glance round behind him to Janessa’s console. “Yep, and Gun 4 has been immobilised...”
“Centurion Mattias here,” he appeared on the screen of Magen’s wristlet.
“Yes, go ahead Mattias.”
“We’ve just had a quick look over the entire area, we haven’t found anything yet. We’re going to do a more thorough search now, just thought you’d like to know...”
“Well, just be careful this guy’s a professional, it won’t be easy to find anything...” Magen warned.
“Yes I didn’t really think it would be easy. Congratulations on...” Mattias glanced over his shoulder, someone was shouting about something. Mattias seemed to start. The image on the display went wild, showing off the engine room. As the camera came to rest on the ground, there were suddenly a number of explosions. Bits of machinery and dribbles of hot metal rained down, and smoke billowed. Mattias other hand appeared in the picture, as it stretched out.
“Mattias! Mattias!” Magen called desperately into his wristlet.
“Yeah, I’m okay,” came a grunt. His face appeared. There were all manner of screams and yells in the background. Someone barked demanding a med-team. Mattias picked himself up, “I think the saboteur may have wanted us to find that one! Ironically, I think it needed us to detonate it,” he added grimly.
“Magen! We’ve lost all power to the engines – grav engines included!” Saar’ha proclaimed. “Brace yourselves, you fools!” she yelled, realising no-one quite got the significance of the news. An alarm began to sound, and the computer was automatically repeating a crash warning. They were going to hit the sea. The Kuan-Aree could glide a short distance using ground effect, but not far. They scrambled for the seats at the walls, strapping themselves in. Slick and Curiba quickly lumped the guards into the seats, and buckled them, they didn’t have time to buckle themselves, so they held on tight.
The spear head Kuan-Aree plunged into the bed of crushed velvet. Her prow shore through the fabric of the glinting ocean, and she was swallowed whole. The sea stripped at her skin, and rails, turrets, sensor arrays, aerials and other protrusions were torn away. The window of the canteen where Magen and Ariot had stood, imploded, sucking in the water – rushing in, slamming tables, chairs, guards, cups and cutlery, the coffee machine, against the interior bulkhead.
She rapidly shed velocity, and came to a stop, some depth under the water. She began to rise again. She came up like a breaching whale, water streaming off her. She finally slapped down on the surface, at rest, floating, as the boat she had evolved from. Like teeming ants the heavy weapons squads rushed to their firing positions.


Chapter 6: The Relentless Force
“I think our country sinks beneath the yoke; 
It Weeps, it bleeds, and each new day a gash
Is added to her wounds.”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

09:00 Fuses Are Set
Snips sat crouched at the mouth of the cave, his marker gun propped on one knee. It was just becoming light now. They had been drilling for a good few hours at this stage. They’d had a few hiccups in getting started. It turned out the operator for the drill had been killed, and none of the remaining men knew exactly how to use it. They were fortunate that Meat had worked several years in a mine, and during that time had somehow managed to learn how to use one of these drills.
What they were drilling for, Snips did not dare to ask. He had been put on guard duty, along with one of the special ops men. It was useless trying to talk to them, Snips had found... They were like robots. It was becoming increasingly difficult to imagine that there actually was a human beneath all that armour.
Kid sat a little further back into the cave. He was still reporting the tactical display. One of the fortress ships had pretty much fallen into Terranchi hands. The other was still holding out.
Snips had seen the refuse from the battle occasionally roll down the mountain. Walkers mainly – fighters came down too, sometimes a Guard or Es’ston who had lost their footing, for one reason or another. With each little movement, Snips would start.
There had not been any further call for the marker gun, luckily. The snipers had obviously been busy with more tempting targets, and it seemed the line jumping walkers had been dealt with.
Sarge shuffled up to the cave entrance, “They’re nearly done,” he informed Snips.
“Whatever it was they were doing...” Snips replied.
“Hmm.” Sarge peered out, looking up the mountain. The fighting had all but petered out this side. It seemed like this side of the mountain would soon be theirs. That was only the beginning though. The real battle would be over the other lot of fortress ships. He had no doubt that would cost dear.
The special ops man pulled Sarge back into the cave with a sharp jerk. He shook his head slowly – indicating that he didn’t want people attracting attention to the cave.
They were getting edgy, or excited, Sarge guessed. They were so close to their goal. Just then the rumble of the drill stopped. Sarge turned away, staring the man down - just to let him know how he really felt.
He ran deeper into the cave, though the fog of dust, made by the drill.
“We’re done Sarge,” Meat said, as he arrived.
“Right... So what’s all this about?” Sarge blurted out.
The Captain seemed to be about to insert a cylindrical object into the hole they had created. It ran half a kilometre or so deep. By now the squad were simply dying to know the answer to the mystery. Sarge was afraid that in a few moments they might be dying quite literally – he was sure the Captain wouldn’t want them to know.
“This, is about winning the war,” the Captain said dramatically, “And this...” she held aloft the little cylinder, “Is what’s going to win it for us...”
“And what is it?” A thought struck Sarge suddenly. Why had the Captain been so quick to kill the injured men – it served more than one purpose, to ensure the drills survival, and that mouths would be silent, that there would be no witnesses. It dawned on him that the special ops men might not want the scout squad to survive to recount the tale.
“This – Sergeant Milas, is the proverbial thimble-full of anti-matter...”
She definitely wouldn’t have told them that if they were likely to survive. The commander that had ordered this most certainly would not want a trail that might point back to them. There was a mutual agreement between the Seatons and Es’stons that weapons of mass destruction would not be used.
“Ah, so you’re going to blow up the mountain...” Sarge said slowly.
“More particularly, the Es’ston fortress ships... Now you see how many lives we will save – isn’t it worth it?”
Mad! Completely insane – they were going to demolish a whole mountainside! Was it right? Sarge couldn’t see it, unless it was just a numbers game.
“Yes – yes I see now,” Sarge lied, “I’ll leave you to your task.”
The Captain pressed a little button on the base of the cylinder. Miniature tracks along the side began to cycle. She set it at the mouth of the hole, and it zipped away. Sarge watched in horror.
The he turned away, he had to prepare his squad for a coop. He went from one member to another, whispering his orders. Snips and Kid were left to deal with the man at the cave entrance. He, meat and Venti would deal with the other two. He returned to the drill shortly.
“Complete.” He heard the Captain comm.
“I was under the impression weapons of mass destruction were illegal, according to the rules of war laid down after the battle of Richten?” Sarge affronted the Captain, “Won’t this give the Es’stons an excuse to do the same to us?”
“They’ll never know,” the Captain replied, “There won’t be any evidence that it was anything other than a volcanic eruption...”
“Well, we will know.” Sarge wanted her to draw her gun first, it would be more acceptable to point guns at them then, and if it came down to it, shoot. Meat was in position next to the remaining goon...
“I had thought of that...” She drew her pistol, predictably.
Sarge hit the ground and rolled, the shot missed, and hit the wall. Venti fired the second shot, precisely hitting the Viper with a low power shot. The Captain dropped it. Sarge had his gun on her. Meat meanwhile let his hand drop on the man’s shoulder. He fell under the crippling weight. Meat retrieved the man’s gun, and also aimed at the Captain.
“We’ll be leaving now,” Sarge stood up and started backing away. The other two moved around to join him.
The Captain stood immobile. It seemed she wasn’t too ready to throw away her life. A real die-hard would have simply blown them all up, with the simple device of a grenade. Sarge had suspected as much. All the same, he didn’t want to have her think about it too long.
Once out of sight, round the corner, they turned and ran, joined by Snips and Kid at the exit. They didn’t look back, and more slid down the mountainside, than ran or walked. About halfway down they had to stop for breath.
“Phew! Close one that!” Sarge panted. There was some amount cheering, patting on backs and general ‘Glad I’m alive’ stuff. Then there was a small explosion in the direction of the cave, now high above. Almost certainly the Captain dealing with the evidence, what hadn’t escaped at least. Snips pointed.
“There she is!”
The sharper eyed could have just made out a dark figure, with the aid of a zoom lens.
“Man talk about psycho – I’m glad to be clear of that!” Kid said.
“Yeah, well we’re not just yet...” Sarge pointed out, “We don’t want to be around when that thing goes up.”
“You don’t think we could have stopped them?” Kid asked.
“I’m not sure how I would go about retrieving an anti-matter bomb, buried five hundred metres in a rock face, nor would I know how to disarm one...” Sarge explained.
“Th’army’s retreatin’” Snips indicated all the dropships headed back up the mountain... “Aww, and we was winnin’ too...”

*	*	*	*	*
Christmas Trees
“I was thinking shipyards...” Silas commented.
“That would explain why the Es’stons are trying to hide them...” Inervy replied, “But they seem to be a little short on the ship building parts. Scaffolds, yes, maybe...” he puzzled. He was getting a bad feeling about this. Some gut instinct told him that whatever they were, they weren’t friendly. And, he had a sneaking suspicion as to what they might be.
“Em, I rather thought they looked like rail-guns. Although on this scale it might be more appropriate to call them ‘mass-drivers’...” the man from Sensory Ops suggested timidly. One had to be careful when pointing out the obvious to one’s superiors.
“By all that is precious! He’s right!” Silas jumped, staring with horrid fascination at the images in the tactical display. “No reason why not. They use them all the time to launch ships into orbit...”
“And what can these ‘mass-drivers’ do? For example to a Battlecruiser?” Inervy was sure he wasn’t going to like the answer.
“...Put big holes in them,” Silas said, suddenly looking quite concerned.
“Ah...” Inervy didn’t like it. This smelt of a new way to get Battlecruisers out of the Es’stons hair. “Ensign, you may return to your post – thank you for bringing this to our attention,” Inervy dismissed the Sensory Ops man. It didn’t do to have people cluttering up the command deck.
“Sir! We have to engage them!” One of the tacticians declared.
“That would require that we leave our position...” Inervy pointed out.
“In this case sir, I don’t think it will do Solara any good for us to play the sitting duck. This ship will not stand against those rail-guns - unless we are able to manoeuvre and strike back!”
“How can you know that? How do you suddenly know the capabilities of a gun that’s never been used before?!” One of the other tacticians argued. “We don’t know the capabilities of these ‘guns’, or even if they really are guns! It could be a ruse to lure us out of position.”
Inervy nodded, “I would want to know more before making such a major decision. I’m not going to leap off at every little shadow, at the expense of Solara.”
“I’m pretty sure mass-drivers are illegal according to the Estlem Agreement too.” the second tactician added, “Which would back up my theory that it is a ruse.”
“At the same time, that’s just words on a bit of paper – it doesn’t actually stop them from using mass-drivers,” Silas said cynically.
“I don’t see the Es’stons breaking the Agreement. They haven’t since it was made – and it would allow us to use larger gauge plasma cannon, fusion bombs, anti-matter bombs... and rays. It’s a completely no-go area,” the tactician rebutted.
“How about, we wait and see what they do...” Inervy decided, “Comms, send this information on to the other Battlecruisers...”
“I’m not sure we should risk it sir, we may be crippled before we can react,” the first tactician fretted.
“You’re thinking of the Black Dragon not Seatus. Silas can you estimate how powerful those guns might be.”
“I can guess, but I have no idea really. Suffice to say if they are rail-guns, the Es’stons have built them with one task in mind.”
“Alianna, Melian, Mighty, Dawn, New Solara and Wrath of the Stars are now closing in on Battle-Group 2,” a tactician highlighted.
The Battlecruisers lunged at the Es’ston Tralmek class ships, like sharks into a shoal of tuna-fish. The tuna scattered. Streaming around the Battlecruisers. The cannons fired repeatedly, harpooning the tuna. There were bursts of HEL fire. The Battlecruisers passed on through leaving a debris field behind. The remaining Es’stons regrouped, huddling together, combining their fire. Two of the Battlecruisers broke off and began to turn back on the pestering ships.
Suddenly the ‘rail-guns’ that before had been a mere shadow of a threat, lit up on the tactical display, like Christmas trees – the fusion generators had started up. Unlike Christmas trees there wasn’t a sense of joy or happiness as they lit up, but doom.
“Words on paper – doesn’t count for much in a real war, once the tacticians start thinking.” Silas pointed at the Christmas trees of Destruction.
The ‘New Solara’, chasing down the straggling carriers, was the first target. It always was. Once, near the beginning of the war, she had been the Flagship of the Seaton fleet. It remained fixated in the Es’ston psyche that the ‘New Solara’ had to be destroyed. Although the ‘New Solara’ was low in the rankings of dangerous Battlecruisers, this was not actually such a bad idea. Destroying the ‘New Solara’ would be quite a significant victory. The ‘New Solara’ was one of the two remaining Battlecruisers that had been there since the beginning. It was a proof of concept – Battlecruisers were indestructible. If anyone ever asked why the Seatons continued to build such large ships, you just pointed at the ‘New Solara’. How many Es’stons had she brought low? For the Es’stons it would be excellent for morale – no-one liked fighting the same Battlecruisers that one’s forebears had failed to destroy, time and again.
‘New Solara’ had little time to react, as huge asteroids propelled by the mass-drivers bore down on her. Her guns managed to decimate some of the shot, but not enough. The asteroids punched into her outdated and battle weary armour. Her engines died, and she was cast into a slow, painful, uncontrolled twisting motion. Some of her manoeuvring thrusters fired sporadically, but to no avail, she could no longer be mastered.
A second volley came, a killing blow. The old warrior fired a few shots in return, the last gasp of her remaining generators. Her docking bays and fighter bays opened, and ships streamed out, evacuating the lost ship – there would not be the time for many of her crew. She was pierced again. The fires of an uncontrolled fusion reaction bled out through some of her wounds. She exploded and her sections were cast apart, there had been no time to eject her other reaction cores. And it was over, the ‘New Solara’ would never be again. Perhaps her parts would be salvaged and reconstructed, but she would no longer be that ancient warrior that had fought untiringly since the war began.
‘Dawn’ turned about and ran, recognising her weakness. Her armour was as frail as the ‘New Solara’s’ had been. The Battlecruisers wheeled about to face the new foe. The Alianna avoided the fate of the ‘New Solara’, she danced her majestic ponderous dance, perfectly precise and timed – swinging around the deadly rocks, her main guns chewed them into insignificant rubble. Melian was struck a glancing blow, a side shredded open. Mighty took a hit amidships, a blow against the civilian crew and her command, she jettisoned two of her fusion generators, which shortly exploded with blinding white flash. Wrath of the Stars, struck a broadside course. She was one of the newer ones, her guns had much better effective range.
The unarmoured rails and generators could not last against the fury of plasma that rained down on them. But – no sooner was that group dispatched than a new group appeared. It was positioned to take on the Black Dragon, the protector of Solara. Inervy would have no choice, he had seen what happened to the New Solara. The Black Dragon finally pulled away from Seatus, to engage.

*	*	*	*	*

The Mountains Erupt
The High Marshal lay sprawled on a rich burgundy leather sofa in his own spacious private quarters. One hand trailed on the floor, the other hung over the low backrest of the sofa, holding a smoking pipe. He rested the back of his neck at the armrest, so that he could smoke easily. Smoking for some reason – something to do with a health service – was illegal on Seatus, tobacco could not easily be obtained. Such things did not bother the High Marshal, he did not care for all these petty little laws the Assembly wasted their time devising.
This was his room for thinking, or reflecting, it had a balcony that offered an expansive view of Solara, in the inland direction. It was not popular among the marshals that he spent so much time in this relatively exposed part of the tower. If the marshals had their way however, he would have been locked in the deepest and darkest depths of the fortress tower – for more reasons than just one. The marshals would have much preferred it if the High Marshal were merely a public relations officer, though not even that sometimes.
The décor was of that dark heavy decadent style, with dull reds, browns and greens. The lighting was low and orangey, trimmings were in brass, and the ceiling was high and covered with a repeating moulded pattern. On his specific request, there was no AstroCom console to dominate the room. Instead a large and useless hearth and fireplace took its place.
The High Marshal himself wore the white linens of Solara, in the loose light style that made it look very casual, and practical. Yet, it still retained that slightly ghostly mythical style the Solarans so adored. It was perfect for the current weather.
The weather, had turned grey, it was almost as if the Terranchi had towed their skies with them. The clouds drizzled down on the Solaran particle shields, adding just a little extra strain to the generators. No rain had fallen inside the city since the siege had begun. It was not the weather of Terranch though. Solara was much hotter, even with the sun blotted out. It was humid, the air was still and dead. It was the kind of heavy, smothering, thundery weather where one sweats without cessation and one’s brain is so oppressed, that constructive or creative thought is crushed and compressed, elusive and frustrating, so that it becomes nigh impossible. In such weather tempers flared and rash, foolish decisions made.
Sleep under the heavy blanket would be uneasy, fruitless, and difficult. But that was not the reason the High Marshal was awake so early in the morning. He was waiting. He blew out a thick heavy cloud of smoke, to join that which had already collected above his head. It hung there, there was little to inspire it to move elsewhere, in the leaden atmosphere.
“Come Laegoss,” he said distantly.
A shaggy mound, sitting on the hearth stirred. It stood up and lethargically walked towards the couch. The dog licked the High Marshal’s limp trailing hand. Laegoss was a big dog. He had long powerful legs, a squarish muzzle, and his eyes were dark, disturbing, a killer red. Laegoss was not an attractive dog, few would have kept such a beast as a pet. Laegoss was too big, he could easily have over powered almost any unarmed man. It was akin to keeping one of the great cats, or even a bear – there was still something wild in Laegoss, a part that viewed man as nothing more than a rival, or food.
The High Marshal frequently used Laegoss to show off any unwanted officials. It was difficult to discuss things of importance, when a donkey sized dog is bearing you to the ground.
The High Marshal’s hand moved up, hanging on Laegoss’ neck. He scratched behind Laegoss’ ear affectionately. Laegoss laid his heavy head on the High Marshal’s chest.
“I don’t know what I would do without you Laegoss – such obedience, I could not find in any man...” The High Marshal said wistfully. Laegoss replied with a slobbery lick in the face, it didn’t bother the High Marshal, he was used to Laegoss chewing his arm off.
“I wish we would see an end to this cursed war...” the High Marshal stared at the ceiling, blowing out another cloud, “Perhaps the end is near, perhaps we will see Seatus finally take its place in the Stars, the greatness of our empire restored... Such a lack of honour among the men!” He spat, “Have they forgotten what they are fighting for?! How few seem willing to die for their land and their Marshal... Ahh... and the scheming marshals, fixated with their own desires and plans – so few who will listen. How should I find a Captain among them... Someone worthy of the Destroyer, someone who will follow my command to the end...” he tapped Laegoss’ nose to emphasise his point. Laegoss growled, the High Marshal took it to be agreement.
“And yet there is Damoclus’ hounds – if such men would serve me, in such a way.” The High Marshal crushed his pipe in his hand, his face screwed up, “Damoclus! The worst of them. He steals the best men from under my nose – and sets them beating out ploughs. He would make farmers sooner than soldiers! He would give Seatus over to the Es’stons if he could!” he threw the remains of the pipe into the fireplace. “He seeks my place – I know, he tells no man of his black desire, not even those closest to him – but I see it! I see through that false visage, I see the hope of his heart.” The High Marshal remained silent for a while, stroking along Laegoss’ back. “But, we shall see what becomes of it – what will become of our Marshal of Recruitment and Training?”
Presently a knock came on the solid, heavy oaken door, beyond which his bodyguard was in station.
“Come,” the High Marshal said.
The door creaked open, and one of the Tower Guards marched in, his crimson cloak stirring the air – a change. A man followed demurely, he was dressed in drab mud-stained clothing. His eyes were most noticeable, cold and grey, contemptuous, disdainful, clinical, removed from the world. It seemed he was a man with no moral, and no interest in such academic ideas such as right and wrong. He was ostensibly one of the groundskeepers.
The High Marshal stood up, holding Laegoss by the collar. He grabbed the leash from a table beside his sofa.
“Take it,” he ordered the groundskeeper, mainly to let his bodyguard know that it was okay for the man to approach.
The grounds-keeper stepped close to the High-Marshal. He took the leash, “The end is at hand,” he whispered as he passed a small cylindrical object into the High Marshal’s hand. He took Laegoss’ by the collar, and fastened the leash.
“Thank you,” the High Marshal said quietly. The groundskeeper towed Laegoss out, the bodyguard followed starchily, closing the door after them.
The High Marshal opened his hand and looked at the detonator. He removed the screw cap that protected the button, he had some difficulty containing his excitement, his hand shook. The power of gods! - And it was in his hand! The siege would end, with the antimatter bombs planted in the mountainsides of Pelnias.
He walked out to the balcony. Solara was still, except for the ever present pounding guns, but the Solarans had long become numb to them. Guards shuffled back and forth along the walls. The Es’ston air-force had been crippled – and for the first time in many months the skies were clear of them. But in the catacombs below, far below, the fighting raged, as the Es’stons pressed harder than ever. And... those fortress ships remained, a hateful blight on the horizon. He would purge the disease. He rammed his thumb down on the button. He smiled – victory was at hand.
The mountain tops blew off, powdered, like spores of a ripe mushroom. The sound hit, like a wave of thunder, magnified tenfold – and it was done... The clouds billowed out, inside would be a storm, of flaming molten rock and immolating heat.
And no sign of the fortress ships... but one, slid into view, riding down the remaining mountainside. The High Marshal laughed gleefully – One! One! What could one do, one before the might of the Armies of Seatus!

*	*	*	*	*

Fall of the Black Dragon
“Mass-driver Group 2 eliminated Sir,” a tactician declared. No sooner had he said it than another blip appeared “There’s more!”
“Of course there is,” Inervy said bitterly. The trap had been carefully set by the Es’stons. The main goal was to keep the Battlecruisers away from Seatus and allow the Es’ston Invasion ships to land. The secondary goal, which was currently being achieved not too badly, was to debilitate or destroy the Battlecruisers. The Battlecruisers engines, both fore and aft were prime targets. The Black Dragon’s own forward thrusters had been seriously damaged – requiring that she turn about to stop herself effectively.
“Invasion groups three and four are heading for Solara, it seems. We can’t let that happen sir. Solara won’t have much of a chance against that force if it reaches untouched,” the tactician said ruefully.
“They’ll aim at us...” Inervy pointed at the rail-guns, “Once they see we’re moving to block the invasion forces.”
“We’ll just have to leave them to the others...”
Inervy pondered it for a moment, would they actually achieve much other than their own destruction. He wasn’t sure, which meant, he had to try. “Comms, send a message to Wrath of the Stars, tell them to cover us. Let the others know what we’re doing – just in case anyone else decides to defend Solara all of a sudden. Fermi – set us on an intercept course with invasion groups three and four,” Inervy made some decisions.
“40% firepower...” Silas pointed at the ship status display, “And we’ve lost a lot of manoeuvrability – repair systems and crew at 70% efficiency,” he continued dubiously, “Can we take on two invasion groups?”
“I don’t know, but short of running away I can’t think of anything better to do – and invasion group can’t destroy us, worst case we’ll be boarded, other than that we have plenty of armour – though we might be a bit toothless after...” Inervy replied.
“We’ll have to deploy the fighters...” a tactician stated.
“Mmm...” At this point, Inervy – and the others knew that it would be slaughter, for both sides. The fighter force would take massive casualties, Es’stus could afford it, Seatus could not.
“For Solara and Seatus,” the tactician persuaded.
An alarm began to sound, and lights began to flash. The command crew grabbed the nearest support object.
“Brace for manoeuvres!” the helmsman yelled. The ship lurched. Inervy and his tacticians were not expecting it to be so extreme. They flew across the bridge. Inervy was flung at the Ship Status display. Silas slid across the tactical display, his arms out-stretched. A tactician was hurled violently over the rail into Weapon Ops. There were screams and yells. Anyone that hadn’t been strapped in had little chance of remaining standing.
Inervy pried himself off the console. His forehead was stinging. He touched it with his hand, no, just the usual brow splitting. He wiped the blood on his trouser, there was nothing else handy.
“Get a med-team up here! - Fermi?!”
“Sorry sir, it was that or a direct hit – I had to go with it.”
“Right – Silas, you okay?”
“Think I might have lost a tooth – Those steps are a killer,” Silas was just collecting himself. Right enough there was blood dribbling from his mouth – it was probably just a cut lip.
“Target in range!” Arya announced.
“Fusion generator six unstable – ejecting!” an engineer called out.
“Guns three and two out of action...” another yelled.
Silas jumped down into Engineering, and was collecting reports, to prevent any further disorientating yells.
The cannon began to fire.
Inervy watched the progress of the Es’stons on the tactical display. It didn’t look good, they needed to close range.
“Can we have more thrust Fermi?” he asked.
“If you give me more power.”
“Cut gravity Silas,” he leaned over the rail to Engineering.
“Yes sir!”
“Put power to thrust and the guns!” Inervy knew this would make things more difficult for the crew, the repair crews particularly – but in battle, gravity was a waste. Even the Es’stons knew that.
“Prepare for Zero-G manoeuvres!” Silas declared. It was followed by an intercom message. The civilians should be strapped in anyway, and the rest of the crew have magnetic boots, not that those always kept you pinned to the ground.
Inervy took seat and buckled up... as did the intact tacticians. The med-teams were taking away the injured already. ‘Zero-G manoeuvres’ was a bit of a misnomer – there would be quite a bit of force, from the thrust Fermi would be applying. The gravity cut out after a count down. Then they were pressed into their seats.
“We’re entering the exosphere now... fighters are breaking off to attack. Release ours sir?” They were on top of the Es’stons now. Battlecruisers were capable of much higher top speeds than most of the short ranged invasion ships.
Inervy thought for a moment... there were far more civilians in Solara than his fighter force... “Release all fighters!” he commanded.

Marcus saw the fighter bays ponderously open as he sped towards the Black Dragon, for the second time that day. The Seaton fighters poured forth, tendril like, billowing out. Marcus had been assigned to Blue group 1A. His wing along with Blue 1B, Blue 1C, Blue 1D and Blue 1E were a sort of buffer group, for Blue 1F, which were veterans equipped with much more powerful and better equipped fighters. Each wing consisted of about ten fighters – Marcus had been renamed, Blue 1A11.
“All fighters, target the Black Dragon’s manoeuvring thrusters.” Command crackled over the comms. Easier said than done... The fighter forces met and the inevitable dog-fighting brought out... Tactics went out the window for all but the most veteran, it was a mess of fighters, chasing, colliding, shooting, becoming debris. A minefield of plasma and HEL fire. Many fighter formations broke down. 1D and 1E peeled away from Blue group 1 to engage. Meanwhile the numbers of their formation were winnowed down. Marcus group leader, Blue 1A1 disappeared in a ball of flame.
“Hold formation!” Blue 1F1 barked.
Marcus again entered that trance like state where body, mind and ship seemed almost to become as one. Battle flowed about him. Plasma flitted past. He caught one of the robust, well equipped Seaton fighters a glancing shot with his forward and rear HELs. It was well placed, and the Seaton fighter went spinning out of control.
They came in close to the Battlecruisers. He’d heard the orders, he knew what to do. He aimed and closed down systems. Some of the others who felt daring enough did the same. He’d passed the tip around of course. Even the Seaton fighters seemed to ignore them. He was just another piece of debris – no threat, no firing weight. His fellow pilots were not so fortunate, being plucked off quite suddenly. There were a mere twenty or so left of the group, in formation.
The group fired as they strafed across, causing damage to turrets and other miscellaneous surface features. There was no chance of penetrating the armour. Marcus powered on the minute he saw the many shuttered holes that he knew to be the Battlecruisers manoeuvring thrusters. He launched his missiles, they exploded on target, but to little obvious effect. He fired his HELs, and single rather ineffectual rail-gun. Blue 1F had better luck with their larger payload of more penetrating missiles, rail-guns and HELs.
Marcus’ shields flickered and his fighter jarred, a light started to flash on his heads up display – dang there was a fighter on his tail! He broke off from the group to engage his new foe.

“What on earth! Why are they so determined to wreck our manoeuvring thrusters – we’ve still got plenty of guns!” Inervy exclaimed frustratedly. Both fighters and attack ships were targeting them.
They had begun to slow down using the pathetically debilitated forward engines. Inervy was watching their manoeuvrability percentage plummet. They were doing a good job of their rear thrusters too.
“Wait! Fermi! Take us about now!”
“I can get us G-Level 20, we should have another minute or so... But okay,” Fermi replied.
“Hold it!” Silas barked, “We’ve lost too much in this section...” he ran his finger over the section in question on the Ship Status display, “We could shear the ship in two...” Somebody had done their sums. The Es’stons were quite familiar with the possible mechanical failures of a Battlecruiser. Neither Inervy nor Fermi were. Fermi never even looked at the Ship Status display... likewise, it was not often that Silas tried to work out the machinations of the helmsman.
“Well we’ve got to do something before we crash into Seatus!” Inervy shouted, almost hysterically.
Silas studied his own somewhat more detailed ship status display very carefully. He shook his head.
“Try about G-level 10 Fermi.”
The ship began to vibrate. Silas’ eyes opened wide.
“We’re not going to make the turn in time!” Fermi yelled. “Our altitude, I’m not sure we can escape!”
Silas ran over to Fermi. Inervy slumped in his chair, cursing himself - he’d lost a Battlecruiser, a moment’s too much thrust. Es’ston commanders had seen the vulnerability – how had he not?! How had none of the crew?! Had they fallen prey to the arrogance Erith so often warned about? Battlecruisers were not indestructible, despite what Es’stons thought, what AstroNews propaganda said, what every Seaton wanted to believe.
The ship continued to vibrate.
“Maximum power to rear thrusters!” Silas roared to Engineering. The ship jerked, and they were pressed to their seats again.
Alarms began to sound, “Thruster burn out in fifteen seconds!” An engineer yelled.
“Have we orbit Fermi?” Silas asked.
“No, we’re still falling.”
“Cut to half! Reallocate power resources!” Now what to do. Silas knew, without having to do any calculations, that they were too low already to escape. They were falling now, and still losing more and more manoeuvring thrusters. Nothing for it... “Where do you want to land Captain-Marshal?” Silas grinned, though it wasn’t funny.
“Somewhere between Pelnias and Solara?” Inervy said mournfully “Damn!” he thumped his fist on the tactical display - it flickered.
“I think it can be arranged, we should land in the sea though,” Silas thought about it, no-one had ever landed a Battlecruiser before – this would be one for the books. And then they could even help break the Siege – which was going to need some serious breaking. “Fermi, any idea how to land one of these babies?”
“No Silas, I don’t, and this isn’t even remotely funny...” It was his fault – he’d just assumed...
“Let me show you. First, we’re going to need some drag...”

*	*	*	*	*
Mutually assured Destruction
They had won! The High Marshal rejoiced. The Siege was broken. He watched as the final remaining Fortress ship was decimated by the Solara’s ordinance. It was soon hammered into oblivion. It had suddenly become the only viable target. Yes- and the Battlecruisers would easily make piecemeal of the puny fleet the Es’stons had mustered, he told himself. The Siege was broken.
He watched as the fall-out began to meander off towards the sea in the direction of the rather weak prevailing wind, mingling with the thunderous and foreboding clouds above. It would be minimal at any rate, none of that dirty fissile material. In theory the real nuclear explosion had not penetrated the surface at all. The major explosion had been caused secondarily by the liquefied, rapidly expanding rock and plasma. The general idea being to make it look, at least superficially, like a volcanic explosion. Much of the gamma radiation would be absorbed by mountain rock and the radio isotopes would mostly be confined to in and around the four kilometre radius. The rest, as had been carefully calculated, would fall harmlessly into the sea. The plains at the feet of Pelnias, it had to be admitted, wouldn’t be the most useful for a while. It was a small price to pay...
It had worked. No-one would question him – after all, why would he have brought in the Terranchi army to break the Siege, if he was going to do it with anti-matter bombs? Well at the very least there was a believable story in his support. Perhaps some cynics (or those with Geiger-counters) would guess at the truth, but it did not matter. There was nothing anyone could do now, and nothing to lead back to him – even if they all did know...
Blissful calm, the guns went silent for the first time in half a year. The shields were being lowered, Solara was free again! On yes – they would still be fighting in the catacombs, but that could only be short-lived. Soon the Es’stons would surrender, learning that of the demise of their fortresses. Yes – the Siege was definitely at an end. The Es’stons no longer had a stronghold on Seatus.
He felt rain damp down on his shoulder, soaking the delicate linen. It started to come down harder, and soon laid its obscuring sheets in the distance. He wiped some off his face, he held out his hand as if it had been painted in blood. It was horrid! Dirty, ashy, grey muck... It was probably radioactive, though not to the same degree as a conventional Hydrogen bomb. He darted under the shelter of the archway. The rain sploshed down on the tiled balcony floor.
What was this?! Solara was to be painted with dirt? Was it a sign? The stain of his deed? Had he angered the gods? Hah! What could a little dirty rain do! They would easily have the place decontaminated in a week, some scrubbing, a bit of sandblasting... He laughed at his own conscience. Foolish to think of it so – the gods did not care about such things, the gods did not exist, fanciful. Of course it would rain, with the hot ashy air rising from the mountains, it was sure to induce rainfall. He would feel no guilt, there was no judge over him, but himself, and he judged it to be right.
He relaxed, it was over... But then, suddenly, the rain stopped. His eyes snapped to the sky, in paranoia, but he was right - the shield was up again! The guns began to bark at the skies once more.
“No!!!” The High Marshal screamed.
Es’stons must have broken through the Battlecruisers! Had Marshal Erith failed to arrive, still fussing over his slightly damaged Battlecruisers – damnable fool! The High Marshal cursed.
Blazing chunks of debris began to fall on the plains of Stol, the farmlands of Solara, laid at the foot of the Pelnias range. Damaged fighters, crippled fortress invasion ships, drop ships – crashing to Seatus from the stratosphere, uncontrolled, lost, destroyed. It was like giant scale mortars coming down, leaving enormous craters, the outlet of kinetic energy, built up from the descent.
Then passing through the brooding clouds came the bulk of invasion forces four and three. Fire along with the debris fell down on Solara. The anti-aircraft guns were weighted on to the oddly lethal fallen warriors. The anti-projectile defence system hurled out swathes of high velocity rubbish and detritus with great gusto in effort to lessen the flow from the heavens. The particle shields, which worked on a similar principle, failed abysmally to do anything to these large falling objects. Still, entire districts of the city were decimated by the meteorites.
The ominous distinctly Es’ston precipitation from the heavens came down on the plains. The mountains were too unstable now to set up base, the Es’stons had noted. Besides they were none too interested in their own defence. Following the landing ships came the hurly burly of Seaton and Es’ston fighters. It seemed an amorphous struggling of the skies. The battle stretched far and wide, almost like a plague of locusts. It put more in mind though, the meeting of two wasp colonies over a fruit tree. Furious buzzing and darting, clashing, one catching hold of another - so that they would drop from the cloud of war briefly, breaking off before hitting the ground, or not.
A dark cloud of the Terranchi Air Force rose up from over the mountains to join the fight. It was better that they unite with the Black Dragon’s fighters now, to form a greater force, than be split over the day, in bite sized chunks for the Es’stons. The Terranchi melded into the scrap, becoming one with the indistinct pulsating swarm.
The High Marshal’s well-honed military mind instinctively assessed the Es’ston force. It took only a split second for him to see that there were enough for the Es’stons to attempt a head on assault. They would at the very least be able to bring down the outer wall and lay waste to that part of the city. If they were fortunate and laid their plans carefully, they could conceivably have most of Solara levelled by the time the Terranchi would be able to react, break down their encampment and be on the move again. The Terranchi in the original battle plans would have attacked over the mountains, now the mountains were impassable. The ground far too unstable and the radiation levels of ground zero, too high even for the Guard armour to protect against.
Oh! Would it ever end! The High Marshal slumped into sitting position, his feet against the door jamb. He wrung his hands, still clutching the spent detonator. It had all been in vain. The antimatter bombs were a waste! The mountains of Pelnias spoilt for nothing. Compared to this force, the previous one had been nothing, it had never been a real threat to Solara, just enough to lock her down. This force could bring Solara crashing to her knees, perhaps within the day. Oh, why had he done it! Why had he thought it could be so easy? They were as relentless as the day, or the sea – one could not hold back the sea or the passage of time. The antimatter bombs were supposed to guarantee victory – so they had claimed. Cheats! He was a fool to have believed it, one could not hold back the sea, defeat was inevitable – and oh! The price, it had cost him far too much, he had besmirched Seatus. He stared at the sky.
A question began to grow in his mind as he watched the Black Dragon’s fighter force whirl about the dome of the world… It was answered before he could even begin to ponder the mystery. The Dragon burst through the steel sky, like a falling star – her armour still blushed red from the frictional heat generated by re-entry or rather entry, The Black Dragon had never graced the skies of Seatus before.
Her main cannon snapped at the newly created Es’ston encampment. It was sporadic though – much of her power was being used to keep her from crashing cataclysmically into the surface of Seatus. If she fell into the ocean – a massive tidal wave that would do the job for the Es’stons. If she fell to earth, she could potentially cause an ice age – though that was unlikely at this stage.
The High Marshal’s jaw dropped, he couldn’t believe his eyes – a Battlecruiser coming down? The idea of landing a Battlecruiser to help with the siege had been mentioned in passing, as an alternative to the Terranchi Army. But surely no Captain would be insane enough to actually attempt the manoeuvre. It was useless though, a waste. The ship should have been in orbit to deal with this invading fleet, which now threatened the destruction of Solara.
“Arghh!!!” the High Marshal bellowed as he bolted up to watch with morbid curiosity the final landing of the Black Dragon, slipping from his view. He hurled the detonator away, in his temper. He kicked and thumped the railing for want of something better to vent his frustration on. It was all futile! His best efforts for Seatus were spoilt. Why could he not save her? Defeat once more on the horizon, it was only a matter of time. It could only be the disfavour of some great being beyond the devices of the world... Oh how they toyed with him, to place hope so close, tantalising, and then to whip it away again, once he had tasted the sweetness of victory. Now only the bitterness of defeat, there was no hope. Confound them!
The Black Dragon flopped unceremoniously into the sea. She sent out great ripples. The waves crashed to shore, washing into the already decimated docklands. She seemed to have survived the landing. Her cannon continued to fire.
The High Marshal turned sadly – defeat... He re-entered the cosy thinking room. He did not want to see the fall of his city. He walked over to a teak cabinet, decorated with leafy scroll-work. He slid open a drawer and withdrew a small case, about a foot long. He set it on the space in front of the glass cabinet doors, which held within innumerable medals, trophies and any number of other trinkets that had been presented to him which had some value attached.
He lifted the lid, contained within were the pieces of a silvery flute. Solemnly, almost resolutely he began to assemble the parts. He had not practised in a long time – he needed to do that, or he would lose the skill entirely, perhaps he would even compose a bit. Once long ago they had said he made the most beautiful tunes...
There was a knock on the door. One of his bodyguards stepped in. They changed so regularly, the High Marshal had not noted any of their names.
“Sir?” the soldier asked.
“Yes?”
“I have a message from Marshal Rethell. He demands that you come at once – he desires your input into the defence of Solara...”
“I am sorry. I cannot attend. I am weary, and I must practise my flute. If I do not, I fear the skill will be lost to me...” The High Marshal replied, resuming the assembly of the flute. Demand?! What right had Rethell to demand anything of him? The Guard lingered. “Was there something else?” the High Marshal asked not looking up.
“Ye-es, yes sir,” The Guard said nervously, taking a deep breath. This would not be easy. But he would not be cowed by this old man. “He told me, that if you would not come, to tell you this...”
“Go ahead...” The High Marshal had a commanding presence, despite his age. He did not look like a man to toy with.
“He says, ‘the mount Pyra of Pelnias has not erupted since before recorded history began – it is very strange that today just when we need it, all the mountains of Pelnias should erupt – perhaps we are in favour with Infernus...’ ,” the Guard quoted.
“Is that all?” The High Marshal said evenly. Of course Rethell, but what for evidence? He would never bring it up officially. Why else broach it in such a manner.
“No, he says, “AstroCom can spread lies as truth, and people will believe it – but no one can convince the people of the absurd.’ He also said that ‘ the Es’stons will be happy to believe it – if we also believe there was an untimely meteor shower, that happened to rather accurately obliterate the New Solara, and disable four others...’ These are his words not mine, sir,” the Guard added hurriedly, in the interests of self-preservation. The High Marshal had gone red in the face and was brandishing his flute in a threatening manner.
“OUT!” he barked. The Guard scuttled away. So, the Es’stons had used mass-drivers... well, he would show no regret in using the Destroyer!
He pressed the flute to his lips, relaxing, he began to play...
As the first notes of a wistful and lonely song drifted out from the Tower of Light, the Es’ston forces began to form up and organise themselves in preparation for assault. 

The Siege of Solara
The troops poured out from their relatively safe Fortress ships and Drop-ships. They shaped up into rather conventional rectangles. Soon Clan banners began to appear. Pot shots were exchanged between the Seaton and Es’stons, thought the Seatons could do little more than drop shells on them, the plasma blaster was at extreme range. The Es’ston warriors likewise could achieve little other than wasting ammunition. Walkers marched out of the Fortress ships, followed by the Es’ston heavy support tanks. It was soon clear that the Es’stons would attack in waves, which was quite sensible considering a deep attack front would have just been too vulnerable to ordinance.
Portable generators were driven out on wheeled trucks and piles of sand bags* were built to give some protection, should the shields fail. The generators were used to power anything from HELs to particle shields. The troops no doubt were relieved when their shields came on line, soon though many would have to leave this doubtful safety, to cross the plains, and throw themselves upon Daing’n the first wall of Solara. The Es’ston heavy weapons squads began to set up their HELs and railguns around the generators. Trenches were started and other temporary fortifications were erected.
The guns had begun their rather tedious game – not unlike a tennis match between two powerful baseline hitters. Solara’s shields would not long have bore the intensity of this - there were far too many Es’ston guns – but the additional player of The Black Dragon. Her main cannon were still overpowering on the surface, though only five of them were pointing in the right direction – the others were under-water or facing Jahiro. The Black Dragon had no manoeuvrability left to her, she was well and truly grounded.
The battle in the skies still lingered – undecided. It was definitely beginning to look as if it leaned more in the favour of the Seatons. The Black Dragon’s masses of light turrets were a definite advantage. Whatever else, it prevented the fighters attacking Solara directly. Solara own anti-aircraft guns lay idle, there weren’t the power resources to go around.
After about an hour of this, the first wave began to cross the plains. Each step the fire intensified. Thousands of Es’stons dropped, despite their mobile shield support, and the Solarans likewise were not totally and efficiently protected by the shields. Snipers, HELs and railguns did damage among the devout ranks of the defenders. A lucky hit and a cell of the Es’ston shield collapsed as the generator exploded from the missile attack. Those Es’ston fled to the dismay of their clan brothers. They were mowed down mercilessly by the City Guards.
Soon the wave was upon the Guards, grapples and ladders flung up on the wall. Almost in synchronous the Es’ston Walkers, the favourite shock unit, bounded through the swarming ranks of Es’stons. They scaled the high walls with a few awkward impossible looking steps. Not unprepared, Seaton tanks opened up from the streets below, blasting walkers away, flaming and dismembered into the troops below.
Others leapt down and blasted the tanks, or ran amok among the Guards, terrorising as was their way, chowing with their railguns, and carving chunks out of the Seaton ranks with lasers. Missiles flew wildly, buildings were transformed somewhat irregular 3D jigsaw puzzles. The Es’ston troops began to scale the walls too. Here a Guard afford to be distracted by the monstrous clawing walkers, their attentions were required to dislodge the multitude of climbing apparatus. Soon Es’stons and Seatons were grappling with each other, hand to hand. Here the Guard’s side arm and shock absorbent armour was invaluable – as was the standard Es’ston padded ablative armour, though incapable of absorbing anything more than a suppressive shot form a blaster, it performed admirably as a buffer to armoured Seaton fists, especially considering it was about a hundredth of the price of Guard armour.
It was no good for the Es’stons. Half an hour later, the first wave faltered and collapsed. They had managed to meet the Solarans eye to eye and they had hurt them, but they had not established a holding in the city. The remaining elements of the first wave retreated back as the second advanced.
The Solaran Guards had little respite. Reinforcements came down from the Guard District, where the barracks and training grounds were, to flesh out the wall defenders, now quite thin. Debris was hastily removed, pushed out the way or thrown over the walls – to make it easier to fight. Every guard knew that there was no way they could withstand this much longer. They were all waiting for Terranch. Everyone knew the Terranchi army had passed in the night – they would come.
The Terranchi army fully intended to come, but they knew two important facts, one, how long Solara could theoretically hold out – and two, that they would be attacking a fortified position. To plunge in without thought would cost many men, men they did not have to spare – also more importantly, it might cost them victory. No, the Terranchi could have been attacking the Es’stons within an hour, but they needed battle plans – and the battlefield just drastically changed.
The Black Dragon had plans too, or at least were busy making them like the Terranchi. The Black Dragon had an entire, highly equipped and trained army on board, it wasn’t big, nothing on the scale of the Es’ston force that had deployed. One of the main advantages of their force, was that it could be deployed easily, just about anywhere. She had tanks too, tanks that would make Es’ston walkers shake at the knees. The main difficulty was simply that no-one was talking to her – since when did Seaton Guard co-ordinate with a Battlecruiser? Marshal Rethell (for Defence of Solara), wasn’t even sure what kind of army a Battlecruiser carried. Fortunately there were records and tactical displays could easily be updated – once someone realised that, at the moment they were still trying to come to terms with the fact that a Battlecruiser had landed on Seatus... and was actually still mostly working.
The second wave hit. It was a different clan, that of Tyra. Their equipment and armour was, notably of much higher standard. The force itself moved with a grandness that only befitted the supreme clan of Tyra, the pinnacle of the Es’ston civilisation. These soldiers were much more of a match for the Solaran guards.
They ran up huge ramps to the walls. The ramps bolted to the walls so that the guard could no lift them. Es’stons tanks roared up the newly made causeways leaping over the walls and landing to meet Seaton Defender Mk.2’s. The guards quickly adapted, and grenades were flung at the ramps – with some success. Some the ramps crashed carrying Es’ston soldiers with them. Others, grenades bounced off, or were only maimed by the explosives, but remained traversable. Again there was the storm of walkers.
It soon became obvious that they could not hold the flow of Es’stons. Daing’n had fallen. The Guard began a slow and resentful retreat. The Es’ston force was broken up among the buildings of the city, and the second wave became prey to the many traps and kill zones the Seatons had set up. Every turn revealed a new gun pit, with rapid fire plasma cannon, or an anti-tank gun, firing from blocks away. Buildings fell on top of Es’ston walkers and tanks. Seaton snipers peeled away the figure of importance. The Tyran banner fell. But while the second wave faltered, they had still taken the first wall.
Then the Third wave hit, as the second retreated back to the wall, content now to baby sit. The Seatons bag of tricks was near spent for the outer section of the city, and they retreated to the second wall ‘Loydre’. The gate section of the wall opened, as the remaining outer defence guards began to condense out of rubble. Only Es’ston that had not taken a close look at the city plan would give chase. The Seaton had employed a fairly standard double gate. Walls straddled ‘Slee’n Sola’ - the stairway that lead all the way to the Tower of Light - carrying on for a good hundred or so metres. At the end of this was the second gate, terminated with a grand tower either side. The towers carried a payload of anti-tank cannon and anti-troop guns.
The Guard could safely turn heel and run, knowing that any Es’ston that dared followed would be cut down, by the ranks along the walls. Daing’n would never really hold long, it was too broad a front for the relatively thinly dispersed Solaran Guard to hold down. Loydre was a different matter however. The walls well taller, it would be a near suicidal climb. The guards thicker, and there were proper firing shields. The Guards of Loydre did not have to duck down those on the first wall. That was also one of Loydre’s weaknesses, life was much easier once you got close. In compensation, she had a plasma shield making scaling impossible. The next attack would involve a large quantity of climbing walkers, with one goal in mind, to destroy the plasma field generators.
Hours passed, morning turning into a sweltering afternoon. The seemingly unceasing tides of Es’stons broke upon Loydre. And had gained little extra ground. The wall stood strong, challenged but not defeated.
The Guards were uneasy though, they knew that soon the Es’stons would make it. Their tanks had been whittled down, sections of firing stations had been crushed – and Solara’s shields seemed to be letting in more and more shots, all aimed at Loydre of course. Still the Terranchi had not come. Their lobbing artillery still fired, but no sign of the army itself. Worse still dribs and drabs of Es’stons ships hailed down from orbit, replenishing the Es’ston force. Surely they would not be forced back to the third wall, the second-last defensive wall, ‘Cruahoreling’.


Chapter 7: Seekers of the Key
“…from this instant, There’s nothing serious in mortality:”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

“Everyone okay?” Magen asked unbuckling himself. It soon emerged that everyone was indeed ‘okay’, just not great, or fine, or well – okay in the sense they were still able to stand. There were any number of minor cuts, bruises, sprains and so on. The majority of injuries lay with Slick, who had lost hold, while the ship was tossed by the forces of physics.
Saar’ha threw her hands up over the controls, “Well I’m done...”
Magen looked at Ogher, “What do we do – stand and fight, or escape pods. We’ll not get the ship to Solara now...”
“No, no – the engines will be repairable – the Es’stons want to be able to use this ship – remember...” Ogher protested.
“Are we sure of that? Maybe they just want something that’s on the ship?” Yicle suggested.
“None of the main guns are responding!” Tyr’uc reported, he was ignored, but not unheeded.
“Come on Magen! It makes sense, there’s a siege on in Solara – and we were meant to be posted near the Tower of Light. The Es’stons are going to try every trick in the book to clinch a victory. We can’t just let them walk all over us!” Ogher pleaded.
Magen swithered for a while, weighing up his options. “Yes, we’ll stand! And I’ve had an idea too – deploy the escape pods – or half of them, leave enough for us to actually escape. There’s enough for more than twice our number.” He sprung to life – yes that was their edge, with any luck the Es’stons would think the ship was empty when they boarded, they’d have their guard down. And even if they suspected a ruse, it would add that little extra bit of psychological pressure.
“Drop-ships are closing in! Prepare for boarding!” Yicle announced, pointing at the display.
“A surprise element – and it’s plausible too, many a commander would be bugging out right about now. I’m not sure Elites are easily surprised though,” Ogher thought aloud.
“Maybe, but it’s not going to cost us anything to try it.”
Magen did not have to say another word. Ogher released the clamps. The life boats shot out a number of round apertures on the hull of the ship. They launched at different speeds, several coming from one flue, plopping into the water safely without colliding. The Es’ston fighters instantly swooped down on the vulnerable pods. They were blasted to pieces, and soon little other than flaming debris was left.
“They’re firing on our escape pods! - the dirty...” Yicle gave out in disgust.
“Glad I didn’t ‘bug out’,” Magen said looking quizzically at the tactical display.
“The hospital section!” Janessa cried out, “There’s no-one defending it!”
Magen clenched his fist, “Right - I’ll send up my century to protect them,” he decided.
“That leaves Engineering a bit weaker...” Ogher pointed out, “And they’ll need a commander.”
“Yicle, tell Sergeant Thelas, she just got a promotion – I’ll co-ordinate from here. Ogher – our injured must be defended, that’s why we’re called the guard.”
Ogher smacked his forehead, “He was waiting for us wasn’t he, just waiting. Certainly one for drama!”
“It was a cheap shot...” Yicle agreed. He commed Thelas then.
“That’s the Es’stons I know alright!” Tyr’uc seethed, “Cold hearted...”
“They’re boarding!” Ogher leapt up.
“Order the Heavy Weapons unit to retreat. Transmit the battle-plans, they’ll have to do.” He hoped the guards would be able to get into position fast enough, most of them were close enough to their deployment zones already though. “Is there any way I can get a visual?” Magen said, looking around for an answer.
Tyr’uc ran across to the security controls console, leaving Elshan to deal with the ship few remaining weapons.
“No, we’ve lost almost all the external cameras – at least all the useful ones,” he declared after a moment’s investigation.
“Right, Slick, Yicle, head up on deck. Stay low, I want to know what’s happening up there. That’ll be their centre of operation – and Slick, if you see a clean shot, of some important leader...”
Yicle ran to the door, collecting Slick.
“Don’t get killed...”
“Don’t worry, we won’t,” Yicle grinned. He fastened the mouthpiece just before he exited.
“Curiba!” Magen barked suddenly.
“What?” she asked sullenly.
“Why on earth are those guards still armed? – If they wake up, they won’t be asking questions,” Magen’s heart had given a disturbing flutter as his eye had passed over the guards’ holstered Vipers.
Curiba began to remove their assortment of lethal equipment, tossing it in the direction of the tactical table.
“Sorry,” she muttered.
“It’s okay, we’re all new to this,” Magen relented. “Actually,” he turned to Janessa, “Could you sedate them – for say, four hours, that would free up Curiba...”
“Sure, but that’s not really what my anaesthetics are for...” She went over to administer the sedative. “I should be in the hospital right now, saving lives.” After that first battle, Janessa had decided that she didn’t really want to have to kill anyone any more, even though she very much wished to be rid of the Es’stons, and the war.
“Well, at the moment, you’re helping save all our lives, quite possibly even saving the lives of those guards by sedating them...” Magen attempted to justify her presence there.
“Won’t the Heavy Weapons unit have given it away that we’re still here?” Elshan asked dubiously.
“No – makes sense to have a skeleton crew left behind... just to deal a bit of damage to the fighters.”
“So we should release some more escape pods now, to simulate them skedaddling?” Ogher suggested.
“You wouldn’t do that after seeing the Es’stons fire on the escape pods – no,” Magen theorised.
“We’re here...” Yicle commed, voice only.
“What do you see?”
“They’ve landed a few ships on deck – they’re sort of forming up – They’re wearing what looks a lot like Guard armour, except they’re in green and blue colours – Tyra clan...”
“They are going to infiltrate Solara then!” Magen concluded.
“Ah! Well now they’re going over the sides!”
“Sorry?!”
“You know abseiling. They’re trying to circle round us and avoid our primary defensive positions,” Yicle explained.
“Oh – anything else?”
“Some of the ships are lifting off again – I guess to make way for others – that’s about it.”
“Right – let me know if anything of importance happens – Magen out.” He drummed his fingers on the table, “Ogher, we’re going to have to look at those plans. They’re avoiding our primary defensive positions. It’s not a major issue with this plan, still I’d like to look over it, see what we can do...”
“‘s funny, I would have thought they’d chase down our heavy weapons...” Ogher busily added the new information to the tactical display.
“Ogher, I’ve a hunch we may need some men in the cafeteria section,” Magen mused, remembering the window, its panoramic view he had enjoyed earlier.

“My guns Gotha,” Warlord Nashak snapped at her young shield bearer. The hundred or so Es’ston warriors stood preparing at the exit of the dropship. Nashak had already sent men out before them, to smooth the path for her. It did no good to go rushing in the first wave, you had to establish your force before risking your own life.
“Yes, Shari’la,” the shield bearer, a mere seventeen years or so old, placed each of the Shari’la’s customised railguns in her awaiting hands. Any other boy of that age would have fumbled about nervously – intimidated by Nashak’s beauty. Jericho Gotha did not, Jericho was well reputed for his superb dexterity. For this reason he was nicknamed ‘the boy who never stumbles’ – it ran a little better in Es’ston.
It was this trait that had brought him to the prestigious, though subservient, position of shield bearer, bodyguard to Nashak the Beguiler (So the men called her) of the Crocha – the Elite of Clan Tyra, from the House of Nah’rhen.
“Alac, my helm!” Nashak’s other shield bearer stepped forward with the pseudo Seaton Guard helmet. It was tradition of course that the Shari’la took their symbols of command before the men. Any self-respecting Shari’la or Shari’lan would have distinctive custom weapons (usually named and passed on when they fell in battle or became unable to lead), and a distinctive helm with a grotesque, terrifying, and transfixing visage, a war mask. 
Nashak’s helm was indeed terrible, as it was beautiful. Nashak was a warlord, not a clan elder, nor a woman to stay at home and nurse children, nor a man’s trophy to prove his worth and dominance – she led men, and women into battle, to death, and honour – her striking beauty was just another weapon. And that was why they called her the Beguiler, when her voice of command failed, and her fist too weak, she brought her beauty to bear – and few men could resist, and they would be her pawns, to do as she willed. Yet she was never obtainable, like a carrot before a donkey, were the men in her thrall.
“Yes, Shari’la,” the pawn said dully, a man long ago broken by her torture.
“Let us go then...” She said airily, once the shield bearer had finished buckling her helmet. She sprinted down the gangway. The decks were clear of Seatons, so it was safe. The men trotted after.
The attached the climbing ropes to the hull of their ship, throwing the other ends over the sides.
“Gotha, attach my harness!” Nashak commanded. She stood still as the boy buckled it. She could have done it herself, but this way she ensured the shield bearers were continually under her spell, and would even perhaps fight and compete for the honours. They got close, but never a bite of the carrot, she was unreachable.
They loaded their guns, and readied to descend. Nashak gave the signal, and they jumped – many to their doom. They bounced off the hull to the smashed canteen window, a handy orifice by which to enter.
Nashak and her shield bearers swung in after most of the men. Alac fell in an inferno of fire, caught by the Guards’ plasma. Railguns were chunking away. Jericho, as always landed perfectly on his feet, firing his railgun with almost unparalleled accuracy. Nashak hit the ground unglamorously, and rolled. She was up in a second, firing her twin shortened rifles.
The Seatons had improvised cover of course, while the Es’stons had none, except the corpses already piled thick from the first invasion. Most of the Elites’ fire failed to find a mark, but Gotha, stood there, apparently, somehow, weaving amongst the bolts of fire, his gun catching even a mere flicker of an exposed Guard, a helmet slightly proud of the cover, or a shoulder plate. And no sooner was a guard up firing, than Jericho’s gun was on them. The Guards were hurled wherever Jericho turned. Nashak, and all the other Elites did not compare, they were just slightly better soldier, Jericho was practically legendary! The Guards would remember him, and none of the others.
“They’re retreating!” Jericho shouted at his Shari’la, his railgun still clattering away as it firing, dicing up the ammo rod. And with that, the Guards were gone, they seemed to rapidly siphon out, and then the door was shut.
“Nashak to command, we have secured the canteen area, you can now send in reinforcements,” she commed. 
The Es’ston communication systems were far simpler than the Seatons, everything had to go through command, unlike the Seatons where battle-groups could autonomously communicate. It was not a limitation of technology, merely a lack of will to instate such a thing, and the Es’ston command generally preferred to have closer rein on what happened. This was in some way related to the fact that Seaton soldiers were better disciplined and didn’t require such close attention.
The Es’ston Elites ceased fire, some took positions at the doors, either side of the large canteen, in case the Guards should counter attack – though this was not really expected, the Elites were professional about it. Others marched among the fallen Seatons, looking for any living, they shot any that stirred.
“This one’s uninjured!” One of them called over to Nashak. “He may be able to guide us in this ship.” He held his gun pointed at the Guard. It was a man, on his knees, behind the impromptu barrier, he sobbed over one of his fallen comrades. It was a woman he held cradled in his arms. He was oblivious to the Es’ston Warriors. He pulled off her helmet, her eyes stared, she was clearly dead – with those depthless blank eyes.
Nashak stepped up, looking down on the Guard. Pitiful! She thought, the woman wasn’t even that pretty, hardly beautiful enough to be worth dying for. Her lip curled, pathetic!
“Tell me soldier, what makes her worth dying for?” She sneered in that rough Seaton the Es’stons spoke.
The Guard looked up mutely seemingly bewildered by the question.
“Answer!” Nashak barked, aiming one of her guns. “She is not so beautiful.”
The Guard stiffened, “Her beauty is greater than you can imagine – what worth is a pretty vessel, if it does not love, or feel, or care, or understand. This woman knew me. – And you clearly are no beauty, you possess none of these things. You are a beast, a hideous monstrous beast – or would understand why I am here to die by her side.” The Guard spat.
“Kill him!” she said abruptly, turning. Nashak felt suddenly exposed, uncomfortably, she could not tolerate that.
“But Shari’la!?” One protested. “He could be useful.”
“Shoot him now!” None of the men stirred. “That is an order,” she said almost like a low growl. There was some movement among the men. Jericho stepped forward.
“He has no weapon,” he muttered, “It would be dishonourable…”
Nashak flashed a glare. She drew her combat knife, and dropped it before the Guard, “Now he does.” She glided up to him, “Shoot him.” She breathed in his ear. Jericho was momentarily entranced.
The Guard saw an opening, the Es’ston commander had somehow shifted the centre of attention, they were all watching her. He grabbed the knife and lunged, one last stand and he would destroy this monster. Jericho Gotha wheeled his gun round and fired, his shot pierced the Guard’s chest. The Guard fell short, he snared just above the inner of the Shari’la’s knee. Nashak gave a short sharp yelp, crumpling to her knees.
The Guard struggled coughing up some blood, he pulled himself off the floor. He slumped back down on his knees. His eyes began to cloud over – they met with Jericho’s. Somehow Jericho could not break from the gaze, he began to feel ashamed. The Guard began to sway. Nashak dragged herself to face the dying Guard, she lifted her guns. He jerked as the high velocity disks passed through. Yet still he struggled with life for some unknown reason, the blood brought up from his lungs began to dribble out the corner of his mouth. He had one final thing he wished to do... the boy.
“This woman...” he spluttered, “Will destroy you...” He keeled over sideways to lay beside the one he had loved enough to die for.
Nashak raised herself shakily. Blood trickled from her wound. She looked a Jericho, he rushed to support her. The under-suit rarely stopped knives, or other slowly applied forces. Its thickness served to lessen the depth of the cut. It required a rapidly applied force to stiffen, such as that from a machine gun. Guard armour was far more effective against energy weapons though, than impact weapons.
“Shari’la, are you okay?” Jericho asked, leading her over to one of the chairs that was still intact.
“No, of course not!”
The medic hurried over, and got to work sealing the wound. The Es’stons used a special fast bonding chemical for this.
Meanwhile, her troops fired at the walls, aware that the Seatons were probably lurking just outside waiting. The Walls were no obstacle to railguns, hence Ogher’s earlier distinction between armoured sections and unarmoured sections. The doors had been barricaded from the outside, typically. An explosives expert got busy wiring up a section of the bulkhead. It made little sense to blast through the, probably better reinforced doors. Also the inexperienced, and likely, poorly co-ordinated Guards would intuitively expect the Elites to come through the doors.
“We’re ready Shari’la...” he announced on completion of his task. He handed her the detonator. The soldiers took cover.
Nashak stood up, testing her leg. She suffered great pain, and could only manage to limp – it would do. It would have to, she could not withdraw from battle now.
“Shari’la, can you continue to fight?” Jericho asked. Somewhere, deep within his soul, something had begun to gnaw.
“Yes,” She said starchily, “I am quite capable of fighting.” She crouched down painfully. “Ready yourselves!” she yelled. She waited a few seconds, then she pressed the button. The wall erupted, and a new door was made. The Crocha rushed out taking either direction of the corridor beyond. Nashak hobbled out, accompanied by Jericho. The corridor was eerily vacant, except for the two forklift trucks jammed against the canteen doors.
“There’s no-one here,” One of the elites whispered hoarsely.
“Well, they abandoned ship, didn’t they – those others were probably part of the skeleton crew left behind...” Nashak reasoned. More troops had already begun to arrive in the canteen. “Move out, we want to clear this place.”
The Crocha began to edge down the corridor in both directions. Nashak directed the soldiers coming from the canteen, splitting the force.
“Will the Seatons not try to destroy their ship?” Jericho wondered aloud.
“No, they prefer to do a computer lock-down...” 
“Yes Shari’la, but what use is the ship to us then...” Gotha questioned. Nashak smirked, she circled round behind him, almost resting her head on his shoulder.
“Our agent,” she whispered, delightedly, “Has dealt with that, hasn’t he.” Nashak had every faith in the Agent. She had met him, and even helped in his training. He was a wonderfully talented and formidable man – certainly no pawn of hers. And so far, he had delivered all that he had promised. Soon they would simply stroll into Solara, and that oh-so-important head of leadership would roll, the Seatons would turn in on themselves – and then, the Es’ston armies would roll-in, and crush them! – The Tower of Light...
The reverie was broken by a burst of fire down the left corridor. The Elites pressed against the wall, momentarily pinned. Some of the slower to react were caught and burned. It came from a branch off on up. Some of the Elites broke off, and chased down the perpetrators, taking the turn, guns coughing out their shot. But they were gone, and in place instead was a partition door. One of the heavy gates designed to prevent water, or fire, or in this case Es’stons, from leaking into the next section. Without a moment’s thought, they beckoned an explosives technician. Mattias expected such a reaction to the door, so he blew it out himself. The end of the corridor was filled with fire, as the Seaton charges detonated, shortly there were another set of explosions as the Es’stons own explosives went off. The Elites broke, and ran back to the canteen, to avoid the fires.
That, Nashak knew, was not poorly co-ordinated, perhaps it was just some innovative sergeant – perhaps something more sinister. Surely the Agent had done his job, it seemed apparent from the ship’s reactions, that their command had suffered heavily. It had taken so long before the Kuan-Aree had returned fire. Still, they vastly outnumbered any skeleton crew that might have been left behind to make things difficult.
Then a fire-fight broke out down at the other end. It was gone, as quick as it had come. So, the Seatons were going to play hide and seek, it seemed. She did not have the patience for that, the best tactic, she decided, was to ignore these little pockets of worriers, and continue on to the Engineering section. If they moved fast, the Guards wouldn’t have time to reposition and soon they would pass the Guards’ fall back positions.
Nashak drew her pocket computer from its pouch, hooking one of her guns on her belt. She studied the ship layout for a moment, she would take an unusual route – in all likelihood that would bypass many of the traps the Seatons had laid - if there were many. She indicated to move off, she would keep her force tight for now.

*	*	*	*	*
 
Ogher leapt about joyously, around the tactical display. Magen drew back in bemused surprise at this outburst.
“It’s working! Mattias is a genius!” he chortled. “Look, look...” he gesticulated at a group of Es’stons on the display. Ogher managed to attract the attention of most of the bridge crew. They clustered round wondered what on earth Ogher was so delighted about.
Saar’ha did not show much interest, instead, she reclined on her chair. She had decided that she had nothing more to contribute – it frustrated Magen, and he was sure she knew it. They were all busy tearing their hair out and she was relaxing! Unfortunately Magen couldn’t think of anything sensible for her to do.
“You’ll have to explain,” Tyr’uc said unimpressed by the many little badges moving about the ship display.
“Yes, right, right,” Ogher calmed himself, hunching over the table, “You see this group of Es’ston Elites here...” There were general nods, “They’re all splitting up, chasing down ghosts... Which means we can nail the force a comfortable bite at a time... Now, this group over here – and here – they’re both – sensibly – holding their forces together. But...” he raised a cautioning finger, “This commander here is trying to outpace or prepared defences, and avoid them entirely. They’re racing ahead – but our hecklers, are gradually directing them... They’re being funnelled and they don’t know it. This commander is doing the opposite, he’s taking it slow hitting the pockets as he comes across them and trying to be thorough, by eliminating them, but it’ll be sometime in the new year before he gets anywhere useful, because he can easily be steered off track...” Ogher looked around at his spectators.
Elshan was nodding slowly, in possibly feigned comprehension. Tyr’uc still looked sceptical. Janessa looked sour, there was something that she obviously disapproved of. Curiba looked blank, she was bored, and annoyed. Magen hadn’t given her anything useful to do yet, which of course made her feel a bit of a spare part. Magen himself was not strictly spectating, he was updating orders, comming centurions and generally trying to keep it organised.
“So em...” Tyr’uc began, a brief flicker of annoyance appeared on Ogher’s face – Tyr’uc always had some criticism... “This group here, that’s outpacing the defences and being ‘funnelled’ – what’s going to happen to them – they’re still a fairly big and cohesive force?”
“Ah well – this is Mattias at his best – his traps bypassed... but turned to good use – it’s beautiful!” Ogher seemed to be in love with the tactics, “This stretch of corridor here...”
“Yes, I see. There’s a T-junction at one end and a bit back a crossroads...”
“Well – this is where that group will end up – and these branching corridors are where our troops will attack from. First we have a terrain advantage, and also we have more directions to bring in reinforcements, if it becomes messy. But the psychological impact of having no path of retreat is quite effective, even on elites, I believe,” Ogher said smugly.
“How are you so sure they’ll end up here?”
“They’re heading for Engineering, they’ll not have any other logical path, based on the commander’s current mind-set...”
“So, basically,” Janessa began distaste distinct in her tone, “You’re going to trap them here, and then slaughter them? Leaving them no path of retreat – there isn’t much option except death!” she complained.
“Well, they are our enemy... plus they can always surrender,” Ogher defended lightly – Janessa was not a tactician – she could not understand.
“That’s horrible, how can you take such pleasure in such pointless killing!”
“So you’re saying I should increase the chances of Es’stons killing our men and defeating us?” Ogher proposed, more heatedly.
“No... I just think you should allow them to retreat – once they’re too weak to fight back effectively...”
Magen looked up then, “She does have a point – these elites probably won’t surrender easily – but would be likely to retreat on a tactical level. If we allow them that option, we may lessen the death toll – on either side,” he reasoned. He remembered what Damoclus had said – it would be better to show mercy.
“Yes – and then they may rally and assault afresh,” Ogher stressed.
“Then we’ll meet that as it comes – as far as I’m concerned our duty is to protect Seatus – not to kill as many Es’stons as we possibly can...”
“Sometimes those are one in the same thing...” Ogher ground his fist on the table.
“And sometimes – they are not,” Magen said forcefully.
Ogher grumbled to himself, it was weak – war meant there would be death, even slaughter. That was the object, you had to give your enemy a good beating – that way they would think twice before coming back for more – and if you beat them hard enough, they wouldn’t. That was how you won a war. You lost, when you were the one that didn’t want to come back for more.
“Magen believes there is something beyond war...” Saar’ha said silkily, almost distantly, from her position of repose. She leaned back again, closing her eyes. What could she see...
“Yes, Yicle, what is it?” Magen responded to the incoming comm. As commander he couldn’t have everyone just chattering all at once, each comm had to be accepted.
“I’ve just seen another drop-ship land...” Yicle started.
“Yes, what’s so unusual about that?” Magen had an inkling there was something unusual about it.
“It’s got odd markings – I suspect some kind of ‘ultra elite’ force – commandos, or something. They’re coming out now! - Slick get that gun down!” Magen saw Yicle bat down the rifle barrel, “I’m trying to talk to Magen – I can’t go changing position right now!” he hissed.
“Oh. Yeah,” Magen heard Slick mutter ashamedly.
“They’re wearing some sort of battle-suit...”
“What’s that mean?” As far as Magen knew, they were all wearing battlesuits. It was obviously some particular label rather than the literal meaning.
“Like what Marines might wear, a mechanical enhancement suit – Oh darn!”
“What?!”
“They’ve just disappeared! Shadow fields I’ll bet – we’ll try following to see what they’re up to. Could be difficult though...” Yicle patted Slick on the shoulder indicating to move.
“Right – but if you get a clean shot – take it. I’m not so keen on the sounds of these guys. I don’t really care to know what they’re up to, I’d more prefer they didn’t get to do it – Magen out,” he closed comms, Yicle was looking like he wanted to get moving. The report disturbed him. What were these men up to? What made them necessary to the Es’ston plan of attack? They were clearly the type of troop that were only deployed with a specific goal in mind – was there something on the ship they wanted as well?
“What are Es’ston battlesuits like?” he looked over at Ogher and Elshan, expecting them to have the most sensible answer to the question.
“They’ll be similar to ours or Yicle wouldn’t have described them that way,” Tyr’uc explained, “But they’ll be more dexterous than what we have – which are pretty difficult to move in. The Es’stons don’t usually deploy them on the surface though, worth far more for boarding Battlecruisers...”
“More elites then! These must be specialists with a special mission…” Magen was getting increasingly worried. It sounded like these things would tear through Guards... Plasma throwers were a simple weapon – even the Es’stons had them. If they were being used for one tactical goal, he could think of nothing more important than taking down command. But they were supposed to have done that already... He couldn’t work it out, and that was the most worrying thing. He would inform Dektri all the same.
Clump.
“There! Did you hear that?!” a Guard exclaimed to his sergeant.
“Yes I did. It’s nothing, someone probably left their hot water boiler on or something,” the sergeant explained. This one was right paranoid. “There’s nothing on the tactical display...”
“No Sarge, hot water cavitating goes ‘thunk, thunk’ in the pipes – not ‘clump’. I’m telling you there’s something there!” The Guard aimed his gun down the apparently empty corridor.
“Rob, you need to calm down – it’s nothing,” he tapped his tactical display again. His faith in the display was well founded there were few Es’ston units that would not show up. He casually drew a cigarette, opening his mask, he tried lighting it, but his lighter was out of fuel. He chucked it away, “You’re unsettling everyone.”
Rob reached for a smoke grenade he was sure he’d seen a shimmer or something, “Dammit Sarge, I know that ain’t someone’s boiler – And I’m pretty sure I just saw something – you guys remember them invisibility fields on our way to Kalhar...”
“Stop that!” the sergeant snapped, “Don’t you go making a fool of yourself, wasting that smoke grenade – Now any of you lads got a light?” He looked about.
“Bloody ‘ell!” One of the Guards exclaimed. He turned heel and ran for it. The Guards opened fire, the sergeant snapped around. A cloud of plasma engulfed them. The cigarette fell from the sergeant’s mouth. Death was instant for him, with his unsealed armour. For others it was torture, some escaped running out of the fog of death before their armour reached capacity. These were caught by the railguns...
The others were first immobilised by the burning, and a few seconds later, they were dead too. A plasma thrower was a horrific weapon to use on a Seaton Guard. Most soldiers Seatons and Es’stons would not use them, even those possessed by a fanatic hate. Many of even the crudest soldiers believed that you would have to be some sort of psycho to desire to use one. It was true that a plasma gun often set its target alight, but they were dead by that stage usually.
“Did you hear that?” Slick asked Yicle as the silently crept.
“Yes – sounded like,” Yicle strained for a moment, “A plasma thrower followed by rapid fire railgun – the battlesuits,” he concluded. They took the branch from which the sound had emanated. It was not long before they came upon the scene of destruction left by the battlesuits.
“They’ve been this way all right – Come-on!” Yicle said.
Slick nodded, his mouth went dry looking at the scene. The fires still burned.
It seemed to be working they hadn’t met any Guards for the past few minutes now. Nashak’s suspicions were allayed, she would have expected there to be more resistance if there was more than just a skeleton crew. It seemed probable that their command was not functioning properly either. Otherwise the Seatons would easily have known their position. This was going to be a breeze.
They approached a T-junction, just after a cross-roads...
“Right turn!” Nashak yelled.
At that instant, pandemonium broke out in the fore ranks. Some shots were fired.
“Hit the ground!” Someone recommended in a rather forceful manner as the Seaton Heavy Weapons platform bobbed out from the side corridor. The heavy plasma gun opened up. It carved a hefty slice from Nashak’s ranks, the Es’ston Warriors fell easily, despite their armour.
“Hold! Hold!” Nashak barked. Her elites were in disarray.
Gotha sprinted forward, where everyone else was trying to run back or cower on the ground. He fired a burst from his rail gun. The shots slammed into the gunner. The gun went wild for a moment until the dead Guard’s grip slackened – Another dashed to take control – Jericho ruthlessly shot him down. Someone threw a grenade at it. Gotha then chose to hit the ground. It exploded – but the Guards still came, laying one of their portable barriers across the corridor. The Seaton’s and Es’stons exchanged fire – the way was blocked, there were too many Guards.
“Retreat!” Nashak shrieked. There was some attempt at movement in the other direction, though no chaotic stampede. Nashak was under no illusions now – the Guards had not evacuated, and they were definitely organised, not just commanded – she was now certain. Chances of victory were significantly less now – damn that arrogant, cocksure agent!
Startled cries came from the crossroads direction now. They were trapped, predictably. Trainees they might have been, but even trainees can fire a plasma gun, and they had a defensive position – it was when trainees were vulnerable that they were easy pickings for elite forces such as hers. They should have been clueless, in chaos, without the direction of command. There should have been no battle plan... no coordinated resistance – then it would have worked.
“Hold! Hold!” she called. It was no good everyone trying to retreat when they couldn’t. She split the force, and rallied a few of the men who seemed to be ailing. “No surrender!!!” She bellowed, “For Es’stus – for Tyra!” She took a few shots to show she meant it, and then fell back again to the centre of her force.
This was no good, they needed a way out. The floor was weak, they could cut through, except everyone was armed with burst lasers or railguns, no room for explosives either – no. Could they force their way through perhaps, it might be costly, but then they were trapped. The crossroads back along would be easiest – the Guards would do massive damage to their flanks as the fell back. It had of course been designed that way. It was better than death.
“Gotha!” She summoned her shield bearer. He seemed annoyed at being removed from the front of attack. He looked like he would rather have been a bit closer to the enemy. “We’re going to try to break out of this meat grinder.”
“In the briefing they said any retreat was to be towards the hospital section...” Gotha reminded.
“No – this battle is lost,” She said bitterly, “And I will not allow my warriors to be used as petty hostage takers – that is not war.”
Gotha went off to organise a scant force of their best to hold the rear while they retreated. The weight of the Crocha shortly turned to the crossroads.
It was too easy, Nashak thought as they arrived back in the canteen, the Seatons had allowed them to escape – minimum force tactics she suspected. Clearly their leader was an idealist of some sort. It had been a long time since Nashak had seen a Seaton Force use the minimum force required – usually the Seatons fought until they surrendered or were dead. Curious. She grabbed her rope and began to haul herself up.

“Slick, you know – I’m not sure where we are...” Yicle straightened up. The trail the battlesuits had left was fairly clear. The big question was what were they up to? Yicle found this particularly perplexing.
“On the Kuan-Aree?” Slick suggested.
“Funny – this does look familiar though...” Yicle pondered.
“Command Section?”
“Ah, now, that makes sense.”


“Aaaaah!” Saar’ha screeched, her languid posture evaporated, replaced by a frantic convulsing.
Saar’ha rolled off her chair to the floor. She knelt, on hand on the ground propping her, the other clutching her temple. Janessa rushed over, throwing a supporting arm round the afflicted woman’s shoulder. Everyone else turned to stare in shock, not sure of how to react.
“Saar’ha, Saar’ha – what’s wrong?!” Janessa poured out the words rapidly in a panicked voice. Janessa quickly undid Saar’ha’s helmet – it was clear her head was sore. She loosened Saar’ha’s tightly knotted hair too, and let it fall loose. Saar’ha trembled, tears streaming from her eyes.
“They’re coming...” she moaned gently, “Seeking… searching… grasping… lusting... the Key!!” she looked at Curiba. Her elbow gave slightly, but Janessa was there, “They seek the key...” she sobbed, and promptly collapsed, hanging limp in Janessa’s arms.
“What’s she babbling about?” Ogher demanded, looking around with a face of consternation, “What’s wrong with her?”
And Janessa wondered that too as she rolled her over on her side, so that she could breathe easily. Some sort of brain haemorrhage? She was unconscious, perhaps it was just a faint. She was still alive at least – what had she been talking about?
Magen had an idea though. That was what she had been doing, looking, scanning, seeing, or feeling with her mind. She’d come across something. Magen had a growing suspicion he knew what that might have been...
“Curiba! The key – don’t let them have it!” Magen’s pointed a finger at her, “Hide!” he indicated a weapons chest beside the security console. The stone would cloak the key. Curiba did not debate, eyes wide and terrified – she knew things that had interests in her, none of them were pleasant. She ran over and began hauling out all the weapons. She scrambled into the tight space.
“What the hell is going on!” Ogher thumped his fist down – he was afraid, he could tell Magen was afraid, Magen the one who seemed to be always perfectly logical in his emotions. There had to be something worth fearing, that was what scared him.
“It is the Dragon Sword isn’t it?” Elshan whispered in awe, and that was awe according to the dictionary, for Elshan was in reverential fear and wonder of such a thing.
“Yes! But no time to explain... Janessa – get a gun! Tyr’uc, for the Cru’athor’s sake, help close that door for Curiba!”
Elshan tossed a blaster to Janessa. Magen signed that he needed power cells, which he duly received. Elshan dumped the rest of the weapons on the other side of the security console then.
Magen had comms with Yicle, “Yes?” He didn’t have time to talk did he? What was he doing?
“They’re heading your way,” Yicle informed.
“I know!” Magen practically shouted, he closed comms. These weren’t just ‘ultra elites’ Magen thought – they were servants of the Evil One, and one – at least – was a telepath. They sought the key. What had Jothar, Curiba’s father, said, “...remember the forces of the Evil One are watching, listening. Soon they will make a move...”
They were making a move – they’d seen – somehow. A welt of burning anticipation welled in the pit of his stomach. He was coming up against forces far more dangerous, older and greater than they could imagine. Jothar, he recalled, had given some word of hope, “...Do not fear them – Cru’athor is with us...”. Magen hoped this was true, he believed Cru’athor to be ultimate control. If this were not true – then what was Cru’athor – if they were fighting against the forces of corruption and destruction?
There was a knock on the door...

Chapter 8: The Mindfield
“Or art thou but a dagger of the mind, a false creation...”
- Macbeth by William Shakespeare

Magen sprang towards the defensive wall, readying his blaster. Ogher took position beside him – Elshan and Tyr’uc took the other side. They would be firing partners, it was natural that they paired up, it had been deeply ingrained in them from training.
“No! Get back!” Janessa screamed – she did not have to explain. Any number of nightmarish possibilities were conjured up in the minds of the four at the wall. They scattered back behind the security and weapons consoles.
The door exploded with a bright flash filling the bridge. Flames enveloped the wall, licking their covering console savagely. Their armour hummed briefly, and their ears popped from the compressing air and associated change in pressure.
They ran forwards again, trying to prevent the entry of their enemy. Elshan pulled out a grenade, he was one of the few who really had any confidence using them. He tossed it down the corridor at an approaching hulk. He turned his back and held his head as the grenade exploded, blasting the battlesuit apart.
“High power, target their weapons – armour’s too good!” Magen yelled after a few ineffectual shots, “Janessa, stay there and make sure Saar’ha’s okay!” he had his back to the wall, while Ogher fired. A railgun shot pierced the armoured wall and hit Magen on the back of the head, pitching him forwards.
Janessa started, “Magen!” she was certain he’d be dead.
He held up a hand recovering his balance, “It’s okay, it had little power left.” It had still felt as if he was getting clobbered though.
Ogher jumped back as a battlesuit trudged round the corner, it tried to grab him. Magen whipped out his sword as naturally as a cat drawing its claws...
“Grenade!” Tyr’uc gave a shout. He stepped out with his Viper, nailing the grenade precisely before it could detonate.
The tip of Magen’s sword flickered across the armour – impregnable to normal weaponry. The battlesuit fell. Magen darted back as a deadly hail came down. He held his blaster in his sore arm, which he should have been resting, and his sword in the other.
“They seem reserved,” Magen observed, “Like they’re deliberately missing.”
“Maybe they want the bridge intact!” Tyr’uc shouted in passing, his attention wholly bent on watching out for grenades, which tended to sneak in from time to time.
“No flame throwers or micro missiles,” Ogher released a bolt, Magen turned to take the next shot, while Ogher charged the next round.
“Tyr’uc you are amazing, you guys should see this boy go!” Elshan commented. Tyr’uc turned round briefly, pleased at the compliment.
A grenade rolled at Magen’s foot. He dove for it, to throw it back, as his hand closed on it, much to the screaming of his poorly informed survival instincts, a black powdery smoke hissed out in billows. There was something strange about the way it moved. His other vision, in the back of his mind, told him that it was not smoke. He had a vague image of little tiny squirming nanobots. A filter mask was no use against such things. Ogher dropped suddenly, like a sack of potatoes – Elshan followed seconds after.
It was not lethal, Magen realised on feeling Ogher’s pulse. Tyr’uc seemed to be have a slightly different reaction, he lost most of his muscle control, slumping like a rag doll, but he remained semi-conscious. This was apparent from his darting, panicked, eyes – like a wild animal shortly after trapping. That disturbed Magen, he looked away.
After a few more moments expecting to lose consciousness, it occurred to Magen that the nanobots definitely weren’t affecting him. His North Ice-Islanders’ immune system could cope with them, or they weren’t adapted to his physiology. He felt a bit hot and uncomfortable perhaps – but otherwise able. He began to drag Ogher behind the wall more. It struck him that that wasn’t going to achieve much, so he gave up trying to budge the rather heavier than usual sack of potatoes. They’d deliberately used non-lethal nanobots – astoundingly advanced nanobots for the Es’stons.
Magen glanced about the room uncertainly, figuring out what he should do. He could hear the battlesuits coming down the corridor. They wouldn’t expect him to be conscious – furthermore, the cloud of nanobots made it impossible to see anything. They would hide him well. He laid down his gun, holding his sword close. He knew what to do now. He moved behind the chair of the weapons console. He set his armour camouflage to learn, using the camera on his wristlet. He was pleased when it began to emulate the wafting cloud. He was all but invisible now.
Three shadows appeared, lumbering over, investigating Magen’s fallen comrades.
“Can you see it Shari’lan?” A servile voice asked.
“No, I cannot, it is still hidden from me – but it is close,” a deep, dark and rumbling voice responded. They spoke in some flavour of Es’ston, Magen’s studies in languages had covered some Es’ston, the rest he could guess from context.
“None of these are the ones we search for – they do not have the key... Shari’lan, may we kill them?” a third, hoarse voice asked.
Magen tensed, he was about to spring – his sword would make short work of them if he wasn’t shot first. It was not how he had envisaged challenging them, but he could not let them kill his friends, he had to try to prevent that. His mail coat rattled like a bead curtain, from the movement. Had they heard him? He tried to stay as still as possible. He could feel the sweat seeping, he felt his forehead itch, where his helmet pressed tight. His heart raced, fear nailed his limps in place.
“No,” the Shari’lan said slowly, “They may have – information – they may know where the key is!” the voice raised in a sort of ecstatic burble, at the thought of finding the key.
Then there was silence. One of them clumped about, a shadow shifted past, moving towards the tactical table. They had heard, but, evidently had not caught the direction quite right. The other two stood either side of the wall.
Magen saw a chance, he prayed that his armour would not rattle this time. He slunk out from behind the chair. He was thankful for the thick muting carpet the bridge had been adorned with. He placed his foot down slowly, feeling the noisy mail slide across his thigh. Nothing, he dragged the other foot into position. One pace, this could take time.
The Shari’lan was the telepath, he surmised, as he drew close to the first of what he believed were the minions of the Shari’lan. Vision was clearly not the best with their suits, the field of view must have been quite narrow. He was not seen. He drew up alongside the unsuspecting soldier. Then, gingerly, tenderly aimed his blade. It would require little force. He laid a hand gently on the soldier’s collar. He slid the sword in abruptly, precisely, and fatally. The soldier did not utter a breath. Magen lowered him carefully to the ground.
“Ah-ha! I’ve found you!” the deep voice announced. Magen froze – surely not, only a trained North Ice Islander telepath could have sensed his presence – not some clumsy Es’ston amateur. They knew nothing of telepathic skills, except naturally acquired ones... “Yes, you are a pretty one... It’s a pity really, I can tell you have great power. You should be more careful...” He wasn’t talking to Magen, but to Saar’ha. He seemed to be gloating or teasing of his victory over her.
Magen wondered what he had done to her, or what he even might be doing to her now. An amateur telepath could sometimes be quite unsubtle in their interfering with the mind. Back in North Ice Isle those children awaking in their power received much tutoring on the safe use of their telepathy.
“I wish to spare you, but you would have to serve the Great One – you would be one of the greatest seekers, by me. He rewards his faithful servants with great powers. I can imagine his pleasure if you delivered us the Key...” The voice echoed hollowly – he was besotted with Saar’ha, Magen decided.
It gave him an impression of his adversary’s character. He seemed to think highly of himself, that he held some sway with the Evil One, he doubted that. He was dedicated to finding this key, and believed that the seekers role would not end at finding it, perhaps this was true. Likely as not he sought for his own, not any particular entity, he expected reward for his efforts.
“I see you would submit to no authority, difficult – but in time you will be His,” the voice continued, perhaps he referred to his own falling, Magen thought, he sought power – but surely nothing more than a slave of the Evil One, a pawn. There was a clumping as the Shari’lan moved, “Now, where is the Knight, the key holder,” he growled hungrily. He thought he was looking for the Black Knight, Curiba. He seemed not to have considered that it would be anyone else. There was a smashing noise. Magen guessed he had just uprooted some console or another, typically it would probably be something vital.
Magen moved round the far side of the wall. He coiled up behind the second battlesuit, like a hunting constrictor snake, silently steeling to strike. Magen paused a moment, faced with the inhumanity, the evil, of cutting down a man unawares. Was there another way? A way that would not involve his unforgiving blade. A stun gun was no good, fire extinguisher, too loud, and too far away. It seemed he had little choice, or perhaps just the easiest one. After all, these were the servants of the Evil One surely... But he was not the judge, or the executioner – only Cru’athor had the authority to judge who should live and who should die. He could not be so arrogant to assume he was His hand. No, this was a mere matter of survival – they could not have the key.
He poised again to strike... It seemed he could not do it – again and again the killing of the other soldier flashed in his mind, the sword so, cruelly, unkindly sliding in... He gritted his teeth, he had to! It was not nice, but he had to! It was in his hands to protect the key. It could not be allowed to happen – of that he was certain.
The soldier stepped back idly. He bumped into Magen, “Oi!” he yelped, whirled round. Magen’s reaction was automatic, instinctively as how he had trained, having been discovered. The grey sword was thrust into the man’s sternum. Magen withdrew swiftly, like a moray eel returning to its sunken burrow after its snapping lunge. The Shari’lan bounded up to see what the commotion was about. Magen hid behind the security desk.
One more to go! But what now? He couldn’t sneak up on this guy, he was far too alert. He could feel him probing too. Magen put a hand to his hip, searching for his Viper – but no, that was no good, even at this short range.
“Come out... Knight!” the Shari’lan bellowed, “And face me as a warrior!”
Not a half bad idea, he could just rush him. Magen took a deep breath. He charged out, giving his best battle cry. He brought his sword down with all his might. It connected with something – Magen’s sword didn’t normally connect, it passed through anything. Magen was stunned, he stumbled back from the recoil of the blow, falling away from the blocky battlesuited figure. Something heavy caught him on the chest, up under his right arm – heavy and powerful – he was lifted off his feet and hurled over the weapons’ console.
His brief flight was accompanied by the laughter of the Shari’lan. The sword flew from his hand as he landed, face down. He sprawled awkwardly in the cramped area, his armour clattered, like dishes being washed up in a busy hotel scullery. It felt not unlike the whole kitchen staff treading over him too. Broken ribs, he was sure was the source of that dull woody pain in his chest, punctuated with stabs at each breath. He’d strained his sword arm too, his fingers felt stiff and numb – surely he hadn’t broken it! He rolled round on his back.
The Shari’lan leapt up on the console, crushing through it with the great clumping feet. “You cannot hide from me!” the Shari’lan stated, and quite correctly, Magen knew he had been revealed. “Darsúl!”
“Yes! I am the defender, the guard of the stone, and I won’t let you have it!” Magen declared, in a flash of understanding. This was his ancestral task...
“But you should not be here, your line is dead! No matter I will finish the task... but first you will tell me where the key is!” The Seeker assaulted his mind. There was the predictable sharp burning at the base of his neck – characteristic of a telepath forcing their way in. It was fruitless of course. Apart from the usual maze of the mind a telepath would have to find their way through, Magen had a minefield laid up for him, and any other that dared to break his mind. The Seeker echoed his question in Magen’s mind, an attempt to bring the answer; ‘the key... the key... the key...’. Magen flung the memory, of the time Janessa had recited her heart-aching poem to him. The fresh sea breeze. The strong feelings and emotions, even his present desire to be with her – to share with her. It was useless to the Shari’lan, Seeker of the Key. It was like trying to swim in treacle for him. He eased off a moment, ironically, he betrayed his next move – not uncommon for an amateur, Magen knew.
He rolled aside, as the Shari’lan crunched down, the sword sliced through the floor – Magen caught a glimpse of the blade. It was a sliver, thin, almost like paper, and translucent like frosted glass. He knew it to be a weapon of similar lineage to his own, old, indestructible, magical even, they certainly didn’t abide by any physics he knew of.
Damn – he’d rolled the wrong way, he was even further from his sword now. There was a pause again, as the mental battle resumed. This man was determined to defeat him in his own mind. It could only be arrogance. In the fore of his mind, the Shari’lan waded through the memories of Magen’s homeland, such a strong sense of loss... Even the conflict of emotion hate and love, like a stormy ocean for the Shari’lan, confusion all about. The Shari’lan’s facilities were fully bent on pushing through.
Meanwhile, in the peace beyond, Magen pondered how to get his sword. Their eyes were locked, any motion would be seen, and blocked. Even with the sword, there was barely room to fight... he could deal with that as it came. How could he get at the sword? Could he... possibly... he hated doing it though. Each time, it felt... uncomfortable.
The sword began to slide towards Magen, and Magen imperceptibly moved towards it. The sword was very solid – in Magen’s other vision. He felt he was losing control of the battle in his mind. The sword jerked suddenly into his hand – and it was all movement again.
He blocked the Seeker’s blow, using both hands on the grip. He roared with the pain. He rolled, standing up. Magen nimbly avoided the next sweep, hopping upon the damaged tactical table. He grunted as the muscles in his upper body pulled at his injured ribs.
“Stay and fight – coward!” the Seeker sneered, it always annoyed Magen’s opponents that he could simply move his whole body around their swords. The Shari’lan brought his sword in from the side.
Magen attempted to parry and deflect the blow, but he was overpowered, and flung off the table into one of the chairs along the walls. He couldn’t hardly move his arms, both now crippled, one from the earlier battle, and the other, possibly just shocked, but of little use right now. How could he fight? And how could he fight in this small cramped room anyway!
The mind war recommenced. Ridiculous! Magen thought, he was immobilised, ripe for the killing. Why this pointless assault on his mind. Yes, yes, he wanted to know where the key was, his overriding desire. Magen threw him the arduous trek through the snows of the Ice Bridge – a nice long, boring one...
Something odd began to happen then. It seemed somehow the bridge was melding into the memory. Snow at Magen’s feet, the biting cold, whistling wind. The chairs and consoles sitting out in the middle of the snow... Saar’ha! What was she doing? He resisted, it began to fade away again.
“No!” came Saar’ha’s voice, “Let me in – you can’t fight any more in the real world...” She stood before him then.
“Where is this?!” Magen asked, somewhat awed. He allowed her in. He had heard of telepaths that could create their own little worlds, fantasy worlds of course, perhaps dream world was a better term. Some even built them for others, illusionists. It was an art of recreation in North Ice Isle, here it was a method of warfare. Such a deadly weapon, to strip away reality.
“This is the Battlefield of the Mind,” She gestured around, “This is my world – and I am its god. See your pain is gone...”
“You mustn’t pry – or I’ll break it,” Magen warned, for now his mind was open to her, no longer a labyrinth. Magen watched her, still taken aback by what this half Seaton telepath had achieved. Two persons under her spell, though Magen was willing and required no careful weaving. What must have been going on in the Shari’lan’s mind, still assaulting him...
“You wanted room to fight, I believe?” Saar’ha smirked, “Well here is your fighting arena...” She had been in long before Magen noticed, that chafed, but then few could withstand the assaults of more than one telepath. The Shari’lan was doubly disadvantaged, he had all his efforts bent on Magen.
“You couldn’t like, add light or something?” Magen peered into the deep darkness around. It was not true darkness, the snow was clear and white as during the day, as was the other clutter – it was just like someone had put in the wrong backdrop for the sky.
“There is no light in my world...” She laughed tinnily, echoing, it faded away, she was gone. “Fight...” came a whisper over the imaginary wind.
The Shari’lan stirred as Magen finally repulsed him. He seemed to notice nothing odd, he had already blurred his own reality descending so deeply into Magen’s mind. That was how Saar’ha had created this world. The Shari’lan swooped on Magen. Their swords clashed.
Could he really kill him in this fantasy world – Magen doubted it. If Saar’ha was that strong, she would just have killed him there and then, or otherwise neutralised him. Magen was Saar’ha’s distraction – she would be gently probing trying to find the path through to the deepest parts of the Shari’lan’s mind.
“Where is the Key?” The Seeker growled in his frustration.
“The Black Knight has it – as always,” Magen said cheerfully, knowing he gave nothing away.
“Raahh!” The Shari’lan charged towards him.
Magen danced out of reach of the frost blade, bringing up his own in a counter move – he was blocked. The battlesuit was surprisingly mobile. Well, that was not necessarily true, no longer was anything real, everything behaved only as the Shari’lan and Magen thought it would, or Saar’ha deemed – even down to the snow Magen floundered in. Unfortunately he had a very good idea what snow was like. He wondered vaguely what would happen if he was caught by his enemy’s blade. His thoughts were interrupted, there were more pressing things.
He ducked down, folding his legs, evading a right side slash aimed at his upper body. He thrust, from the low crouching position he was in. The Seeker shrank back, he seemed to have lost his balance. Magen hadn’t quite recovered enough to follow up on this.
Now they stood a good five paces apart. They circled, each sizing up their opponent. Working out the next sequence of moves in their minds, working out how to control the fight. The Shari’lan had something to consider. After that last bout, he knew that Magen’s skill was far superior, far more unpredictable, and varied than his own. He had to keep him on the run, and use his advantage of strength, which meant bringing him in close. He also had an advantage of mobility, he was not hampered by the snow.
Magen for his part, was not trying to trap the Shari’lan. He knew that they were probably both invincible. He wanted to draw this out as long as possible, he also wanted to keep the Shari’lan on his toes, to keep him fully occupied, he had to be convinced Magen was trying to kill him. But, to actually deliver a killing blow, or an obvious wound, he was sure would disrupt Saar’ha’s illusion, maybe even break it entirely.
He anticipated the Shari’lan’s next attack, he would be daunted at the prospect of the duel of swordsmanship. Suddenly they were back in the training arena in Gahon, where Magen had held his sword combat classes.
It was his first class, where he and Yicle had sparred. Magen had been nervous. He had just discovered that Yicle was more of a challenge than he had expected. His two swords worked together in harmonious tandem. Every move was deftly crafted to set up the other sword for a killing strike, and yet it flowed constantly, and Magen had lost track it seemed every move was deadly. Unlike many dual wielder’s Magen had fought with, Yicle’s second sword was not just a sharp edged shield.
The skill was just like trying to play two different songs at the same time on a piano – each with different rhythm and timing. It was giving Magen a headache. And then the Marines with their leering faces and endless flow of smart comments. In Magen’s mind all these things were exaggerated and overwhelming, almost defeating. He had felt so inadequate. The Shari’lan actually laughed – it served the purpose though, which was why Magen had used it, despite its demoralising effect on him.
He drew back again – but – Magen realised, he could not pull away entirely. And now the world was changed again. Fragments of the memory lingered.
Magen and the Shari’lan circled in the same ring he and Yicle had duelled in. The shades of Magen’s century remained, and it seemed to take on a more sinister feel, like the Marines tainted them all. Constantly wearing him down, with cat-calling, sneering laughter, and rebellious banter – that had been Magen’s fear, his nightmare, the memory had always verged on that. The feelings were no doubt drawn out by the Shari’lan’s rooting.
The snow still remained, as did the furniture of the Kuan-Aree’s Bridge – the Shari’lan’s only anchor in reality. Perhaps once Saar’ha had erased that, he would be defeated. Their swords clashed.
And again as Magen blocked the Shari’lan’s following strike, aimed at his head. He was reminded of an instructional diagram on an old Seaton document, showing the various deadly sabre strokes. Magen’s sword slid down the length of the frost blade, they locked at the hilt. Normally, both swordsmen might have wrestled that out, bringing in their other hand to reinforce. The Seeker had brute strength in his repertoire – Magen knew he had made an error. He had to avoid such strikes, rather than challenge them.
The Shari’lan tossed him back, laughing with the crowd. Or the crowd laughing with him...
“Weak...” he guffawed, “You cannot hope to defend the key – you will lose nothing in telling me. I may even spare your worthless life.”
Magen lay on his back in the snow, prone. He scrabbled about in the crumbling gripless white powder. He guessed he’d just about managed to make a snow angel. He felt doomed and helpless, he looked into the eyes of the Shari’lan, hidden almost within the battlesuit.
“Well that would be pretty stupid – since you don’t know where it is yet...” Magen rebuked.
“I will find it, whether or not you chose to serve. I will tear this planet apart if I must, but I will find it!” He paused, looking menacingly at Magen, “Your mind grows frail... the walls fall down... sooner or later the defender must fail...” He stretched out a fist, it seemed almost reaching into Magen’s brain...
There was the chatter and clacking of the Es’ston chain-guns, drowning out the feeble whining and hiss of Seaton plasma guns. Magen was once again back at the Battle before Kalhar. The memory was strong, fresh and still potent, as it always would be, a disturbing mar. It must have been like a sledgehammer blow on the clawing telepath.
Magen leapt from the train – that brief moment of panic where he thought he was done for. The battlefield bobbed as Magen was carted on Ogher’s shoulder. They gathered behind the tank. The invisible ghosts flitted in the forest. Then Magen’s heart took a lurch, like it had suddenly been dropped from a forty storey building. It felt like a shrivelled prune – Ariot was down. How would the squad be without him? His unfinished projects. His ingenuity in design. Lost. How could he, so easily, have led these people into battle? Lead them to death.
Then he fought the Es’stons face to face, faces of anger, faces snarled up monster-like, faces of fear, faces of pain, faces of men, faces of women, faces of ruin... The blood laid thick on the ground about him. The blood slick grass, slippery, dangerous, treacherous – disgusting – his hands, his hands, he took so many lives. Magen choked at the beastliness of it – so the war of fear, the civil war, brothers and sisters, humanity, fighting itself. Twisted, consuming itself. There was no stopping, the train, it went on, leading them from battle to battle.
The Shari’lan laughed at every Es’ston Magen felled. Better than the shackles of slavery – or the destruction of innocent men and women – the slaughter of helpless children... But still, the trap, of the Evil One.
Magen pulled himself away from the Es’ston culling. He turned on the Shari’lan. Memory, or dream, Saar’ha’s world with no rules, in Magen’s mind, or on the bridge, attacking or not, telepathy? The field below the Black Mountain, or the Ice Bridge – Gahon? The swords still clashed.
“It’s a game – an amusement, turning men on each other! The ultimate insult – mocking humanity, and Cru’athor!” Magen rained blow after tearful blow – yet still no end to pain, each strike, more violence and further from the One, the One who had lovingly created a world in harmony, and knowing, it would turn to mock Him.
The Shari’lan fell back at the onslaught, though the fighting shadows of Seatons and Es’stons, the jeering century of Guards. Magen passed through the sweeping swords, and searing bolts. The Shari’lan ran out of ground, the train blocked his way. He fired his payload of missiles, and fled, leaping over the debris of the insubstantial train – it was only what he imagined. Magen gave chase through the tall flames and blinding smoke. - Where was he?
Crunch. The Seeker landed on Magen’s shoulders. Magen collapsed under the bulk, his theory about Saar’ha’s world was correct, there was no pain. His face was shoved into the muddy or snowy ground – it seemed both. Contrary to popular belief, fury, anger, did not make one a more effective combatant – more intimidating, yes, but stupider and far less tactical.
An inexperienced swordsman may have been thrown out of kilter by the abrupt change in pace – but not the Shari’lan – he took advantage of the momentary departure of Magen’s usual, cool, collected and deftly constructed combat. Now Magen was again at his mercy. What could eh do now, there was no way the Shari’lan would let him up again – no way to shift him! He wriggled vainly for a few seconds just to prove this to himself.
“What are you doing?!” came a pained susurrus of Saar’ha, strangely echoed, “This isn’t real...”
Yes, she was absolutely correct! But surely doing something totally unbelievable would destroy the Shari’lan’s perception of this as reality... a disc of dreams, an imaginary railgun shot – after all Magen knew what one of those felt like in reality – slammed into the Shari’lan. It knocked him away, he fell on the snow. He and Magen drew themselves up again, slowly, almost as if driven by the same force, in synchronous.
He plunged into Magen’s mind again, adding yet another layer to his unreality. This time, Magen would give him no battles, no violence, no death, no blood – no nourishment for his tarnished and corrupted soul. Something that would be as hot coals – something he had lost, or something he had never had, or something that had been cruelly curtailed. Surely there were none that did not look back on that time of innocence without regret. When live was easy and simple.
A child ran past, yellow haired, bounding over sodden grass, laughing all the way. It was Caraid, the boy, who had always been Magen’s closest friend – during his childhood, through the teen ages, and as a young adult shortly before he had left.
He ran down to a climbing frame, it had a swing, bars to hang of, ladders, and a slide. This was where most of the children of North Ice Isle hung out, many of them, literally hanging. Magen knew them all, Rubek, Sirias, Marce, Ilae – and all the others, which had never been quite as close. There were only seventeen in total, ranging from five to ten in years. He had never asked why there were so few...
“So what did they say?” Rubek demanded to know. She always wanted to know everything, and expected what she wanted now.
“They said it was ‘okay’,” Caraid lied – Magen had later discovered that. Caraid was a natural liar, he made things up, even when there was no real reason – he suffered for it of course. It was a very wrong thing for a North Ice Islander to do – especially a child, who was supposed be innocent. Caraid was, he lied innocently, he never seemed to expect harm to come of it.
There was a general relaxing among the children, the digging resumed. They didn’t know what they were digging for, it had just seemed like there might be something interesting under the ground. They had already dug quite a lot before, someone, namely Sirias, had thought it might be an idea to get permission, hence avoiding any trouble. Caraid being quite idle at the time, had naturally been selected.
“What do you think we’ll find?” Ilae wondered, he had a tendency to ask questions for which there was no real answer to.
“Treasure!” Caraid exclaimed exuberantly. He yanked himself up on to a bar running across, overlooking the excavation site.
“Don’t be silly, why would someone bury treasure in a biosphere?” Sirias knocked down that dream heartlessly. He was one of the oldest, and therefore had to be practical, and sensible. He was nearly ten and so counted himself the authority on all things – all things.
“Maybe we’ll find or a door to another world!” Marce chortled, “You know. Like in that book where they all go through the attic door! Or – or that book, where there’s these, these gates, and evil things come,” she said with the dramatic ‘ominousness’ that it required, the prospect was quite delightful. She was seven. She read too much... it annoyed everyone the way she always wanted to play through her books.
“I don’t think it matters what we find, finding it is the best part!” Magen said, scrabbling away at the earth with his bare hands, mud stained to his elbows. Sirias, Magen and Rubek dug while the others watched. Rubek had to be important, and Sirias had to keep it ordered. Magen and Caraid had started it, but Caraid had very quickly tired of digging. The others had occasionally pitched in, but really felt it was best left to the professionals.
“Look! We’ve found something!” Sirias exclaimed, leaped about excitedly, he couldn’t believe it – he knew it was ridiculous that they should actually find something in their chosen digging spot. It was something round and metallic.
“What is it?” Ilae asked placidly. He didn’t usually fuss with all this playing thing, and his interest was waning. Though, even he recognised the lure of mystery, he just wasn’t going to get excited about it.
“It is a door!” Marce hopped down. She had been hanging upside down – it was always good for thinking.
“No, I don’t think it opens,” Sirias declared after a brief investigation. Magen and Rubek continued to remove the soil, they uncovered a kind of rusty handle, or rung.
“It does, it does!” Marce resisted, “It must,” she seemed to plead.
“Oh shut-up,” Rubek said rudely, more because she was rhyming-on, rather than absurdly wrong. Which she should have been.
“It’s just a stinky old water pipe...” Sirias decided finally, in disgust. He’d never been much of a one for imagination anyway – it always seemed a waste of time to him. And, yet again he had been proven correct. Marce still insisted on trying to open it.
“I think it does open,” Magen observed.
“Oh, don’t encourage her,” Sirias complained.
“No – let’s get a stick Magen...” Caraid said, unknowingly inventing the lever for the ten-thousandth time. He and Magen ran off into the woods beyond to search for the lever, leaving to others to finish digging.
Magen’s father was furious when he found out they’d dug a giant hole in the Temperate Biosphere, and moreover tampered with one of the main drainage pipes. Magen son of Oisla, was to bear the responsibility – it had been his idea, partly, and he had not tried to stop it. Caraid had lied, and Magen had held it against him for a long time. - But, he’d always been lying to Caraid, every day, every second, every moment, until that day he had been found out – he had lied about who and what he was, he was a non-telepath. Caraid had been hurt, he’d been shocked and angry, to discover that he had not been in on the secret. He hadn’t been trustworthy enough – Magen’s closest friend deceived.
“Arghh!” The Shari’lan hurled himself upon Magen once again, as the memory faded. Their swords clashed.
Magen butted the overhead off to the right. Unthinkingly bracing his sword at the tip with his other hand. He felt stronger now – reality here had become almost as malleable as fresh bread dough.
“You can never get there,” the Shari’lan said as they hacked away at each other, their swords rattling like the rutting antlers of stags. “The Mountain is impassable, insurmountable. I can’t climb it, nor can you, nor any other mortal – Why deceive yourself?” He was thinking of that place where there were no worries. Magen’s sword was thrown wide, leaving his body exposed, however he recovered well with a low sweep, forcing a defensive response.
“I know I can’t get there, I can never reach the summit – I can’t be the being Cru’athor intended me to be... not by my efforts,” Magen grunted the reply. Concentrating on the duel was difficult enough without the philosophising, but it was a necessary part, you had to know your opponent.
“You and I are not unlike – you are a liar, a deceiver... and a murderer, as am I,” the Shari’lan said. Magen held his sword pinned low, tips, touching the ground, blades grating. He heaved, he believed himself stronger than Magen – he knew that was real, he just didn’t know how much stronger. Magen staggered.
“But we’re different,” Magen parried, “I aspire to be something better than that... What Cru’athor intended was perfect – but I’m broken now...”
“But do you not toil needlessly – you’ll achieve nothing, you’ll always be what you are. You can’t change your nature,” the Shari’lan reasoned, “Why not just take what you want now, indulge yourself, your desires – after life, there will be nothing for you and I – judgement, and we can never hope to pass, we’ll never be up to His standards.”
“But we had not yet been judged! And why is that?!” Magen hopped effortlessly over the Shari’lan’s cut aimed at his legs. The Shari’lan stumbled back, as Magen thrust his sword in answer, he was again caught off guard, and out manoeuvred. “Why has Cru’athor not destroyed this failure – the cracked and ruined world? Why hasn’t he abandoned it, if it is doomed?” Magen’s sword rested momentarily, pointed at the ground, yet ready for the next bout.
“A foolish hope – perhaps – that one will manage,” he lunged in again – his adversary’s words did unsettle him, he wanted this over.
“I’ve seen him at work – he hasn’t abandoned us...” Magen deflected the blow, “And he does not foolishly hope – because he knows everything, all that is, and was, and will be. He knows if there is no hope for us,” their swords drew close, pressed between their chests, eye to eye. Each had both hands on their swords, wrestling to knock the other back, “And there is hope, more than hope, a certainty – or we would be destroyed. He has a plan – I don’t know what it is, where it will lead us – but I believe it is good, that Cru’athor is good, cares, and that perhaps there is a way to escape the destruction we deserve – So!” They repelled each other, “I’ll do my best to serve Him, as best I can with the knowledge given to me!” Magen smiled, reminded of what he hoped for the world, what he believed... His sword glided around the Shari’lan’s, it slid in, just below the last of his ribs, his right side. He pulled back rapidly, knowing he had opened himself a bit to gain that wound.
“Uch,” the Shari’lan expelled his reaction.
Magen tremulously held his sword, with bated breath... knowing he had probably gone too far... But no! There was blood. Magen took a quick look at his surroundings – yes, the world was more substantial, and the bridge was gone, Saar’ha was there! Or nearly there. With a start, Magen realised they were fighting by the cliffside at Gahon – and there was the guard tower! Stolen from a memory – so vivid a memory...
“Die,” the Shari’lan uttered, “You will die with me... and we will see what there is to be seen – beyond the veil...” he said hoarsely. He charged, knocking aside the sword stunned Magen moved to intercept. Like a rugby or American football tackle, Magen was lifted off the ground, the Shari’lan’s arm at his waist, lifting him to his shoulder. The Shari’lan jumped off the cliff.
They wrestled as they fell, Magen eventually escaping his grasp. He drifted away. He hoped he would wake up before hitting the ground, his imagination was worryingly good. Then, it seemed, the ground came to meet him, and in the next second, he was standing safely on the black shore rocks. But, the Shari’lan, he continued to fall, the ground constantly slipping away from him. He disappeared from view.
“What’s going to happen to him Saar’ha?” Magen asked distantly – sensing the still, dark figure behind him.
“He’ll fall forever – or die, if I let him hit the ground,” She said hollowly.
“Can’t you just make him unconscious – break the illusion...” Magen suggested, “We don’t have to kill him...”
“No, I can’t – you see he believes he will die, he can’t see any way he can be saved, he won’t – it’s his reality,” Saar’ha explained quietly.
“He has no hope...”
“Yes.”
“None at all?”
“Only despair...” she and, it seemed, worriedly, disconcertedly.
Magen turned to face her, “Let it end for him then...” The chasm before the cliffs then closed. The ground returned to normal, no longer stretching away. The Shari’lan’s corpse lay spread-eagled. He hadn’t known what it was like when one actually hit the ground, he just knew it was death.
“I... I...” Saar’ha half began, it seemed choking, “I hold on to the mountain... but I can’t go any higher... I think if I tried – I’d fall... and I wouldn’t stop... I’d fall forever, into the void, like the Es’ston.” Saar’ha’s dark eyes stared into the depth of Magen’s. Searching for something perhaps.
“Why?” Magen broke the uncomfortable eye contact.
“I’m afraid,” Saar’ha turned, resolute and stern, “That I have no hope... but I know – I don’t want to be where he was...”
“Yes,” Magen glanced back at the body. He looked around at the shore. He cleared his throat, “Ehm, why are we here?” He expected to see the shades of himself and Janessa. He did not. He had a shock of realisation, that while he knew this place – it was not his memory. He had used it already, before entering Saar’ha’s world. This was hers... And this was her lonely shore. She had shown it to Janessa, and she in turn had shown it to himself.
“Strong, memory – I know every rock,” Saar’ha muttered, “The best reality I could get on short notice.”
He wondered, did she know about his meeting with Janessa here? He imagined, Janessa surely talked to her about it, but perhaps not. Did she know they’d stolen this place to be theirs?... How would she feel? Magen decided it was pointless worrying about it, Saar’ha was unpredictable – and he should not be fussing about what she was thinking.
“It think it’s a choice, if it’s not, you’ll lose it when things look hopeless. We can’t really rely on our own perceptions to tell when a situation really is hopeless – that’s what happened to the Es’ston... I think...” Magen said.
“That’s easy for you to say – but I haven’t seen the works of Cru’athor...” Saar’ha protested.
“But even if I hadn’t... I don’t know... but I think would still hope,” he suggested, it was only that he had seen things that had made him stop to think. Things he reasoned he could ignore, and write off as nothing – but he couldn’t, because he had seen the choice. Saar’ha said nothing. “Let’s go back, there’s work to be done yet...” Magen said after a while.
Saar’ha looked round, “Goodbye,” she said.
Everything faded away...

Chapter 9: Return of the Black Knight
“We are yet but young in deed…”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

Then it all faded back again, well more mauled back again. Magen opened his eyes. Plunged suddenly back into consciousness, and all the unpleasant connotations thereof. It was akin to diving into Farrgafur, coldest ocean on Seatus, straight after coming from a sauna. His body suddenly felt as dead weight, and the previously mastered pain slapped him in the face... like Yicle had just done... coming back like the crashing waves of Farrgafur.
“Graahh!” he grunted.
“Come on – wake up…” he shook Magen’s head, holding his jaw, “I can’t believe you guys taking a nap right in the middle of a battle!”
“Stop! Stop! Can’t you see I’m awake!” He attempted to push Yicle away, but he discovered his arms were feeble, useless, aching, stiff, and in a general state of poor repair. “Ow,” he said quietly.
“You look like you tried wrestling a gorilla,” Yicle beamed, satisfied apparently with the results of his attacks on him. He handed Magen his helmet back. “I see you managed two anyway.” He motioned in the direction of the corpses, looked around slightly. Slick stood there, trying to look innocent, he gave Ogher a tentative prod. The nano-smoke was gone.
“Three,” Magen held up the relevant fingers.
“No... I think the third was still alive when we got here – he’s dead now,” Yicle looked over at his body dismissively, “I think he bested you – but he didn’t put up much of a fight...”
“No, I don’t imagine he did,” Magen decided to leave it at that, besides it was possible that through a quirk of timing, Yicle had killed him. “How did you get in here?”
“The door was open... but I gather you mean the micro robot smoke stuff...” Yicle surveyed the wreck of the tactical display, intrigued. The others had begun to stir, which was fortunate, Magen had begun to worry that they might be out for a bit.
“Yes, and for a start, how did you know it was nanobots?”
“Well, Jarom here, noticed it was moving oddly, sort of swishing back and forth. I thought he was trying to freak me out, or being paranoid or something. Either way though, I knew it wasn’t healthy...” Yicle explained, probably enjoying the attention, Slick nodded in confirmation.
“By the way how did you end up coming back here again?” Magen interrupted.
“We was followin’ the battlesuits,” Slick spoke up.
“Yeah and when we saw where there were going, well we thought you might need some help, and you never gave us any orders after that.”
“Right, that makes enough sense.”
“And just as well too,” Yicle struck a heroic pose, “Anyway,” he receded, realising Magen was not impressed, nor apparently thankful, “I guessed that it must have been able to get through our armour – otherwise, why would they have used it. And the more I watched the cloud, I became sure there were bits moving about on their own. - So I told Slick... er mean Jarom, that it must be a bunch of tiny robots. Well, I got to thinking, trying to work out how to get past them. I wondered how little tiny robots could be powered... then I remembered something I learnt in school -Yes it was a very strange moment. - You know the way if you move a magnet really fast through a coil of wire?” Yicle wound his fingers around each other to demonstrate the coil, “So, I reckoned someone nearby must have a thing to make a changing magnetic field, even to control the nanobots. It was simple then, knowing that the faster you moved the magnet the more power you got – we simply overloaded them...”
“How did you manage that exactly?” Magen decided it was about time to get up, reluctant though he was, there was a whole ship expecting him to give orders, though he reckoned now, it was mostly down to the Centurions. Nevertheless, he needed to keep an eye on things, in case something went wrong. He sat up slowly, Yicle moved to help. “I’ll manage...” He raised himself, and then walked over to the body of the Shari’lan he had duelled with. “Do go on...”
“Well, em, Slick – er, Jarom, you’d better explain.” Yicle watched the odd sword Magen had just picked up.
“Yicle,” Magen whispered, “What’s this whole ‘Slick-er-Jarom’ thing about?”
“Oh, apparently he doesn’t really like being called Slick – makes him sound like a ‘fast-dealer’...” Yicle whispered back.
“Really?” Magen said raising his voice slightly. Yicle nodded slowly. “Right. - I’m waiting...” he looked over meaningfully at Slick-er-Jarom, “I’d like to know for next time someone chucks one of those at us.” He raised the sword to eye level, studying the detail, unconsciously it poked into the low ceiling slightly.
“Well, I jus’ destabilised the bolt from my rifle, so it’d collapse shortly after I fired it...”
“Where’d you learn to do that, I didn’t even know our guns could be recalibrated manually – apart from it being insanely dangerous – that thing could have blown up in your hand!” Magen said, not parting his eyes from the sword.
It was a hand and a half sword, but its proportions were ill. The blade was shorter than usual, perhaps due to the scarcity of the material, which also explained the paper thin blade. The grip was bound with white leather, worn grey in some places. The pommel was decorated with a pale blue glass orb, clearly intended for the aesthetics rather than value, it was hard to imagine that a stone that size could ever been anything else, though it was possible considering the material of the blade. The cross-guard was sinewy and elaborate looking, with inlaid mother of pearl tracery, some of which had been chipped off.
Magen judged from the overall design, and the diameter of the grip, that it had been crafted for a woman, not the Es’ston Shari’lan. Moreover it had almost certainly been made by his people. It was not miodu, but certainly one of the many other magical materials Magen had heard reference to in their own legends, Ghlin, Cruc-Yal... there were any number of them, and Magen was pretty certain, that most of them did exist, in some fashion. Obviously, the Es’ston used it because a woman’s hand and a half just about equalled one battlesuit gauntlet – apart from the supreme cutting abilities Magen suspected it to have.
“Done it in trainin’,” Slick explicated, “M’rifle has controls so I can calibrate’t in battle. I’m a trained professional.” He finished proudly.
“It does seem so...” Magen said distantly – who had owned this sword, what was its history? The woman who’d owned it, hadn’t been tall. She’d wanted to be able to move fast, so the sword couldn’t interfere too much with her stride...
“That made a sudden massive change in the magnetic field,” Yicle continued, seeing as Slick was taking so long, “So the nanobot smoke wasn’t a problem anymore – we rushed in, saw the fella, just standing there, caught totally unawares I guess – and I shot him down then.” He completed the account. “Tell me about this sword then?” Yicle indicated the item that had occupied his mind for the past while.
“It’s as myth, or made of myth. I don’t know its name, I think I’d call it ‘Shucnascrad’ – Frostcry. You know all those stories about magic swords... I wonder which one this is from...”
“Is that old Terranchi then? – It wouldn’t be a Seaton one anyway...” Yicle indicated the Es’ston.
“It might be,” Magen glinted mysteriously, “There is a story about a girl who led an army to battle...”
“Huh - there’s a billion of those – seems they’re always doing it!”
“I know, probably a lot of them are true too...”
“Would have to be one pretty girl to have and entire army trotting at her heels,” Yicle joked.
There came a groan, “What’re you lot standing about for telling stories for,” Ogher reprimanded as he shakily stood. “I was under the impression there was a battle going on!” He wiped some of the grey powder that had settled throughout the bridge off his visor. He rubbed the gritty substance between his fingers, “Nanobots?” he raised an eyebrow, “Some fiendish mind at work here... lucky if we don’t all get an infection, shouldn’t be crawling around inside people – they’re for building high-precision equipment...” Ogher helped up the recovering Tyr’uc.
“Don’t even work properly,” Tyr’uc grumbled, “I was conscious the whole time, with those creeps stalking about...” Tyr’uc looked like a man who hadn’t eaten in a few days, he was shaking all over.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about Ogher, you’re the one that’s been lying about all this time. - Still, glad to see you guys are okay,” Yicle responded, “So Magen, what are you going to do with the sword?”
“I’m going to keep it for now...”
He unbelted the ice themed sheath from the corpse, and laid it over his own sword belt. The belt was almost certainly not original, “Apart for anything else, it shows their champion has fallen.” And apart from anything else, this sword certainly did not belong to any Seaton or Es’ston, it surely had been made for a North Ice Islander. He didn’t want it in the wrong hands either – for example where it had been.
It wasn’t long before the others, excepting Saar’ha, were up on their feet. The first thing Janessa did was put the gritty powder under her scope – a compact device that came in her kit. Elshan had a similar reaction to Ogher to the powder.
“So Magen are you going to tell us what’s going on – who are these guys? And what’s this about a key?” Ogher quizzed.
“I’d love to explain Ogher, but I don’t think there’s time right now – we need to get a tactical display up and running again,” Magen tapped the wreckage. He wasn’t sure how to explain all that he knew yet, or what he wanted anyone to know. The key was supposed to be secret, and safest that way, this was not information to pass on lightly.
“Yeah, this one’s trashed,” Yicle perceived.
“Would you or Tyr’uc be able to put the internal display on the external one?” Magen asked.
“Shouldn’t be a problem...” Ogher answered.
“I’m sure I can do it...” Tyr’uc volunteered.
“Okay, but are you sure you’re well enough, you don’t look good...” Magen suggested.
“Neither do you!” He brushed off the concern, “Besides, you don’t need to be in tip-top shape to fool around with a computer,” he stepped past resolutely, towards the display, and was soon engrossed in his task.
“Is this going to take long?”
“Em, relative to how soon you might want it – yes.” Tyr’uc gave the console a subtle kick.
“Right, well I need some real time battle info...”
“Ahem – may I suggest using your wristlet display,” Ogher coughed at the obvious.
“Oh, yes – well could you read it out to me – give me a report...”
Ogher shook his head smiling, Magen still had no confidence reading the cryptic display, “Yes... just a sec.” The fact was the display gave Magen headaches, and became increasingly frustrating. He caught sight of Saar’ha, still lying on the floor. She looked uneasy, and uncomfortable. “Elshan, can you set her up on the chair there or something – I don’t think the floor makes a very good bed.”
“Is she okay?” Elshan worried.
“I’m not sure,” Janessa frowned, “I think she’s just sleeping now, but I don’t know what caused that... seizure.”
“Try not to wake her,” Magen said.
“Yes, it’s probably healthy, whatever it was that happened, I’m sure it must have worn her out,” Janessa seemed to dispel her worries.
“Best if you keep an eye on her,” he said to Janessa. Saar’ha deserved a rest, and Magen knew, that what she had done would have pushed any telepath close to the edge. Telepathy, Magen had learnt, was not free, and through over extension, one could even damage oneself. He hoped Saar’ha had not gone that far.
“It looks like we’re winning,” Ogher boomed – Janessa glared, “I mean it looks like we’re winning. The Es’stons are retreating, mostly. I think they don’t have the stomach for the fight, now that they know we’re organised... There seems to be some prearranged order to...” he broke off. There was a knock... well, more like a bang, then lots of banging. Yicle grinned.
“Just let her out... the weapons locker,” Magen sighed, “And wipe that grin off your face, it she sees that, she’ll have you for breakfast, or lunch...”
Yicle almost capered over to the weapons locker. Dramatically, he flung the door wide. And there stood a cramped Curiba, hot and bothered. She tried to look dignified – difficult with a red face.
“Playing hide and seek?”
“Just hide... Magen was that really necessary,” she huffed.
Magen thought about it for a moment, “Probably.” Yes, the Es’ston had known that he couldn’t combat Curiba with the singing stone, but even dealing with the stone... That was why a telepath had been sent. He wondered if perhaps the entire operation was really to retrieve the stone. The idea of sneaking into Solara under guise was a bit unlikely to work, but if there were other gains with the operation. He turned back to Ogher, “You were saying...”
“Yes, while most of the Es’stons are making an outright retreat, it seems some are following orders to fall back to the Hospital section – I reckon they must be planning on holding our wounded hostage...” he said gravely. He showed him a group of converging markers on his display - Magen swore. “I haven’t heard that one before...” Ogher commented.
“Well, at least we have my century down there... I’m sure they won’t expect it. So the rest of the Es’stons are heading back to their dropship, we won’t worry about them, in this situation I would say the retreat is final if we manage to deal with this lot... Do you think perhaps some of them have qualms about taking wounded hostage?” Magen considered. Yicle listened attentively, in case he had something to add, he watched his own tactical display checking Ogher hadn’t missed anything significant. Ogher had only given the display a cursory study.
“Aye, some of them,” Elshan said dubiously, “I’d say most of them are just being tactical – elites tend to be that way...”
Magen nodded, “We’d better have the heavy weapons group ready to head up. The minute they know they’ve lost for sure, they’ll try to sink us. We’ll need to take down those fighters... probably some bombers lurking out there too, come to think of it.” He sat down on one of the seats. He was beginning to feel quite worn out, only one cup of lousy coffee that morning too. If he ever had his own command deck, he would make sure to have a coffee maker. “See if we can’t get the engines back on-line...”
“I’m sure someone’s on it...” Ogher said dismissively.
“Possibly, just make sure. Sometimes people don’t take initiative, and need to be told, sometimes they don’t think they have the authority. If there is someone working on it, could you get a progress report... Actually Yicle can you handle that,” he realised that Ogher already had enough to do.
Tyr’uc kicked the tactical table harshly, Magen snapped round at the empty metal bucket sound, “Something wrong?”
“Yes,” Tyr’uc heaved a sigh, “This isn’t actually going to work – for some reason the display uses a different standard, so all the models are messed up ‘cause it’s running the wrong graphics engine – Watch...” Tyr’uc loaded the program in question. There was a cluttered mess of garbled vertices and textures...
“Probably built before holographic displays were standardised...” Elshan suggested, drawing on the deep history of technology evolution he had seen come to pass.
“Forget it Tyr’uc...” Magen said with slight asperity. He realised then most of them were standing about doing nothing, he was sure there was something he should be telling them. “Elshan are you out of missile, or is there some other reason you’re not at the weapons console?”
“It’s smashed... Magen, I don’t think there was call for that...” Elshan straightened, his face displaying that he was slightly hurt by the mode of address, “I know you’re probably feeling a bit on edge – but you need to keep it together.”
“Yes, yes, you’re right, sorry, I was a bit brisk there...” Magen apologised.
“Besides, I don’t think there’s a whole lot to be done right now – the battle is ebbing to a close, and unless we suddenly leap down to the hospital section, there’s not much more for us to do. Focus on the men below, we’ll be on hand if you need us – and I don’t think any of us are likely to be lazy here – if there’s something useful to be done, we’ll find it.” Elshan nailed how Magen was going wrong right on the head. Magen nodded mutely, he’d have to remember to keep Elshan around. He was a man you couldn’t bear to argue with, and he was rock-steady, easy going, and wise it seemed. One could not take offence at the advice he gave.
Now the hospital section, that would be where the final moves were carried out. Magen did not wish to face the possibility of having to deal with a hostage situation. He was not ruthless enough to allow their wounded to die... Yet neither was he in to dealing with hostage takers, men who preyed on the weak. It was a decision more difficult than Magen wished to deal with. He needed to ensure that the hospital was held – as preposterous as it was to have to defend a hospital.
“Right! We’re going with Dektri’s men down to the hospital section,” Magen leapt up with alacrity, Elshan was right, “At this point the bridge is no longer necessary to defend. Ogher, Yicle, you’ll stay here with Saar’ha and Janessa. Tyr’uc, I want you to keep in touch with Ogher, and handle the tac display. Slick, Curiba, Elshan, you’ll come with me too – that way we can do something useful.” It had struck him that Sergeant Thelas may not be the best for leading a charge, and that his swordsmen could easily end up pinned. He knew they would only have the confidence to charge if they were sure of support, or sure the person leading them was competent. Thelas was good with a sword, and not unpopular, but certainly not well known to all the men. There was no doubt he needed to lead them.
“Fair enough, Dektri isn’t needed here so much, but you are Magen. You’re the voice of command,” Ogher stated evenly.
“I have to lead my men, they won’t charge...” He went to pick up his blaster, he seized up, and failed to prevent a gasp of pain. He knew the game was up.
“And you’re in not fit state for combat either,” Janessa reprimanded, “You’ll be far more useful here too.”
“But if the swordsmen don’t use their swords, I’ll have failed as swordmaster...”
“Maybe, but battle isn’t the place for pride,” Ogher said gruffly.
“I’ll lead them,” Curiba spoke boldly.
“You!” Tyr’uc was aghast.
“If you let me use this,” she drew the Dragon Sword.
“Yes,” Magen said flatly. He knew that it would work, and not due to any power of the stone. But because, with that sword, Curiba was a banner under which the men would rally. A point of distinction on the field. And because Curiba, was the Black Knight, whether or not anyone knew it.
“You can’t send her in on her own!” Janessa protested.
“She won’t be – Elshan, make sure to stick with her,” Magen gestured coolly, he found his sudden confidence in Curiba almost inexplicable, but for one reason or another, he was in fact now more worried for Elshan and the others.
“Magen!”
The others looked on dumbly, quite astounded at this decision.
“Are you serious?” Ogher asked, he paused to think about it, “I suppose it might work...”
“The... the... the sword?” Slick murmured, “You can’t let her use it.”
“I will – but Curiba, don’t use the stone, whatever you do. Remember what I’ve taught you.” Some doubt niggled at Magen, quite a lot in fact, but he knew that this had to happen sooner or later. And now, was a good time. She was the Black Knight, it was in her blood, quite literally. There was little choice. He couldn’t do it, though he would have tried his best. He was too worn out and crippled. “No more questions, just let it happen,” he said to all in general. He didn’t want Curiba disheartened or frustrated. “And Tyr’uc, if she gives you an order, you’d better follow it, or I’ll have Elshan on you like a ton of bricks.”
“Right Magen, since that’s settled, let’s work this out,” Ogher tapped his display, he understood the orders. “How are they going to get there for a start? All the entrances and exits are blocked.”
“Get me a floor plan of the deck above, I have an idea...” he studied it for a moment, “Right Curiba, I’m going to mark this off. I want you to cut through the floor here. I’ll give Thelas a warning, that there’ll be a hunk of metal falling,” he smiled.
“And how are they going to cut through the bulkhead quick enough?” Ogher criticised.
Curiba looked grim, she raised the sword, and thrust it through the floor where she stood to demonstrate. It shore through the metal like it was paper. “That’s how,” she said bluntly.
Magen swore again, “Why do you think I’m looking at floor plans! Think!” He poked his finger to his temple, “You need to think! There could have been anything under there! Power, water, communications lines...” Curiba nodded, abashed. “Right now that’s sorted... Dektri.” he raised his comm, “I’m sending a few of my squad down to you, we have a job for you, they’ll have the details.”
“I’ll be glad to help...” Dektri responded brightly, “By the way I just got a report about some Es’ston battlesuits...”
“Don’t worry, we dealt with them.”
“Ah, and this would explain why you’ve been out of contact for a bit...”
“Yes – we’ll talk about it later perhaps – Magen out.” He looked up at the prepared quattro, “You’d better head, don’t let me down Curiba...”
She saluted seriously, aware of the gravity of what she had to do – Magen hoped. “I won’t,” she affirmed. A foolish promise – Magen thought. Curiba led her bodyguard out, breaking into a run, leaving Magen and his ‘command staff’ to push counters about.
Magen tried his arm one last time before she was totally gone, no it was hopeless. He slumped in his chair again. “Let’s get on with it then – our war-games.” There was no chance of escape.

*	*	*	*	*
“So Miss Dragonath...” Dektri said, ruffling his beard, which regulations indicated, should have been cut long ago. Dektri in the spirit of the Terranchi maintained that it could still fit behind his face mask, and held on stalwartly to his symbol of maturity and responsibility. One couldn’t take a clean shaven man seriously as a leader. This was another of those areas the Terranchi felt oppressed by Solara. “Now that we are here – why are we here? This seems to be a deck above where we want to be...” They had arrived at the ships main training gym, equipped with obstacle course, running track, and weight lifting equipment. Fitness was very serious in the Seaton Guard and designers, aware of this, built very few ships and vessels that might be used for extended periods, without such facilities.
Curiba drew the Black Sword, “You’ll see.” Curiba was enjoying having a superior officer (though she would have been satisfied with any superior person) at a disadvantage. Centurion Dektri, leader of a hundred men, foundering in puzzlement. He was said to be very perceptive. But he could not know, that she was about to resurrect a hero, paint a legend to life – any Terranchi would know, that she was the Black Knight. They would know her.
“Then I suppose I will – will it take long?” Dektri, though by nature a sceptic, was not distrustful, he would willingly and blindly trust – knowing that he was going to be surprised, either way things worked out. It was quite fatalistic. In this case he saw little point in trying to interfere, also he quite trusted that Magen was not... insane. He believed that Magen was quite a logical man. So much so, that he almost erred on being predictable – except right now. Dektri suspected it was merely a matter of information. Magen knew something he didn’t, why else would he send this girl to him. He was reasonably certain it wasn’t an attempt at match-making either.
“I don’t think so,” Curiba said uncertainly. She wasn’t sure just how effective the sword was.
Dektri studied the sword that Curiba held so purposefully, “We could get cutting torches if you want to go through the bulkhead,” he suggested, “But, I theorise, that would take too long for Magen’s liking... But if there is anything I can do to help.” One of the greatest variances in the regional accents of Seatus, was the word choice and construction of sentence. Already despite Solara’s best efforts the common tongue was diverging. And Seaton Basic, was far from unified, corrupted by colloquialisms. Dektri was a big offender, with his further hybridised accent, he mingled the colloquialisms and added his own.
Curiba shook her head, “No, I’ve got all I need,” she almost sang. She plunged the sword, some of Dektri’s guards, gathered close by, were startled by the sudden movement. The results, were as expected, at least those expected by the ones that knew the sword. She drew it across the floor with little effort.
Dektri was disappointingly unmoved, Curiba noted, she had hoped for some kind of dumbfounded utterance. He simply held up a hand to indicate for his men to shut up. The sibilance of their whispering died away. They didn’t know it yet, but soon they would have a name for the phenomenon – ‘The Black Knight’.
“I see.” Dektri smiled. “Does Thelas know to have the area cleared?”
“Yes,” Tyr’uc answered, “Magen sorted that out.”
Dektri, bowed his head slightly in acknowledgement.
“It’s nano-tech...” Elshan pointed at the sword, “Cuts through anything...”
“Really?” I was clear that it didn’t really matter to Dektri what it was, “That is quite unusual.”
Unperturbed – that was the word. Curiba couldn’t believe it. She completed the third side of her rectangle, which was turning out more of a trapezoid – not that Curiba knew what one of those was. To her it was at least a failed rectangle, which was more or less what a trapezoid was, so she would have soon understood.
There was a metallic creaking.
“Curiba,” Elshan halted her, “I’ve just had a thought that a large lump of ‘metal’ dropping may not be the most patient friendly.” Strictly, it was not metal, but the well-known composite Seaton armour formula, outer impact resistance material, heat absorbing material, and heat transferring medium – a somewhat more complex organisation of materials, which for the sake of simplicity and saving an extra paragraph or two, Elshan summed up with the Seaton common word, meaning ‘metal’ – which did not even vaguely hit the mark. The armour was not very conductive, lustrous, possessing of vacant ‘d’ orbitals, nor did the armour have a tendency to form ions at all, much of it being based on ceramics and organic mostly covalently bonding ‘super plastics’.
“Right,” Curiba stood, “So what do you have in mind?”
Elshan looked around, being in a training gym, there were indeed ropes available, that being his first thought. On reflection however, he couldn’t see how to get them round the lump of armour in the first place, and then he wasn’t sure if they could hold it anyway.
“Em, perhaps if you slice it in lateral pieces... We should tell Thelas to look out for it. I’m sure we aren’t that accurately positioned.”
“Sergeant Thelas?” Dektri commed, “You’d better look out for bits of ceiling falling down.”
“Yep, I see it,” She replied. Curiba had just cut the first slice, which crashed resoundingly. “Could you hold off a second? We’ve nurses complaining about the noise. We’ll get a mattress,” She said.
Dektri waved a hand at Curiba she stopped, “Yes Thelas, good point.”
“That should do it,” she declared, “Carry on.”
Curiba hacked away at the task. There was still a great deal of noise, and a few shouts from below. Apparently some of the patients thought it was the Es’stons breaking through. Then having dealt the floor the fatal, final blow, she hopped down, without regard for the debris and unstable landing zone. Further, she neglected to gauge the depth. She crashed among the ‘metal’ chunks, causing a raucous clattering as some bounced off the mattress and careened across the hard – and easily mopped – terrazzo ward floor.
Elshan lowered himself down after her, carefully. Swinging, holding onto the lip of the hole, he dropped on a suitably safe piece of ground. Tyr’uc and Slick followed in similar fashion. Elshan gave Curiba a hand up. She felt quite embarrassed at her clumsy entry. Sergeant Thelas marched up.
“Sergeant.” Curiba saluted.
“Ah, it’s about time all right – I see you brought relief.” She vaguely saluted Centurion Dektri, who stood craning over the edge. “Are you coming down then?” she called up.
“I suppose it would be too much to hope for an elevator...” Dektri bemoaned. He ambled over the rim and let himself down. He was not the nimblest of men – somehow he had inherited the build of a wealthy Jahiran merchant.
They stood in a quarter of Ward A, one of the four main wards. The admittance ward. It was obvious beds had been hastily emptied and pushed aside. The place seemed to be in pandemonium. Nurses running about like headless chickens, carrying trays of brutal looking equipment, or sometimes slightly more innocuous food, important vials changed hands, bandages, laser scalpels whipping about like there was some kind of sword duel going on. Doctors urgent orders, being bellowed, seemingly surrounded by flurries of chaos. A wounded guard was carted past, on his way through to the next ward. 
One of Thelas’ Guards scrambled through the mobs, apparently on some important mission. The double doors of the ward flapped, at either end of the room. The latest casualties could only have been from Magen’s century, people Curiba only knew vaguely. Those settled in the ward already were from earlier when the hospital was still accessible, or the previous battle. These latter were few, and would have been mostly in Ward D, the recovery ward.
Dektri’s men began to pour forth from the ceiling then, adding further to the atmosphere of chaos.
“Where should I send these men then?” Dektri asked.
“Well, I have fifty, or had, deployed at the main entrance,” Thelas explained, “If you could send the same up there to relieve them, I’ll leave a single unit of swordsmen, in case of close assault. That should free up a number of swords for Magen.”
“Yes, swordsmen are for assault, right,” Dektri riled. He directed his sergeants to move to the main entrance reception area. It had an open seating area, which was no doubt what made it attractive to the Es’stons. Dektri understood Thelas thinking – as far as she was concerned, everything was messed up, until he had arrived. She didn’t really believe in versatility. In her view, simply because Magen’s century was equipped and trained with swords, it meant they were less effective with their blasters. Thus she considered that the century was being exploited by the Es’stons. She was no fool either, and as Magen perceived, was not likely to charge the swordsmen unless she was certain it had been set up right, and even then...
“They’re already attacking then?” Curiba asked picking up on Thelas ‘had’.
“Yes,” Tyr’uc stated, “But we already knew that would be the case.” He tapped his wristlet as evidence.
“Oh.”
“I have three units on Exit 3...” Thelas indicated that she wanted these too relieved.
“I’ll send my two remaining units there then – I’ve got the rest of my men on sentry duty, in case the Es’stons notice our new entrance.”
“That should be fine Dektri – Andra!” She barked at a passing guard.
“Yes, ma’am!” The Guard stood to attention.
“Squad 662F and G are requesting fuel cells – see that they get them. And what’s wrong with him?” She indicated a guard holding his left forearm, already bandaged. He sat moaning softly on a chair, out of the way.
“Got glanced by a rail-gun, just a bit of a flesh wound though – more shock than anything else. That’s Guard Mersas by the way. I’d better be off.” Guard Andra sprinted off to wherever Thelas had hoarded the century’s armoury supply.
“Guard Mersas!” She called, he looked up, it seemed death was in his eyes. “You can still hold a Viper or a sword – Right?” she accused.
Mersas, looked glumly at his perfectly intact right arm. He nodded numbly.
“Then you’d better get back to your Sergeant!” She demanded.
“Yes ma’am.” He muttered, and with obvious pain, made off.
She shook her head, “Everyone wants a break.”
“Tell me about the other two entrances to the section...” Dektri mused.
Thelas turned back, “The Es’stons can’t easily attack from that direction – century 623 has them more or less trapped,” the sergeant explained, “For that matter your sentries are probably a waste.”
“I wouldn’t like to have no eyes on the back of my head...” Dektri defended - “You have six units available now...” He didn’t hazard to suggest how many men that was. “I’m going to see how we’re doing at the main entrance.” Dektri said, he gave a slight bow, and departed.
“Yes,” She looked over, “So, Curiba what were Magen’s orders?”
Curiba was startled, she was a bit out of it with all these tactics going on. “Orders?” she stuttered, why he hadn’t given any specific orders, except that she should be an inspiring lead. “Well, Dektri’s men are supposed to set it up for us,” she said vaguely.
Thelas gave her a narrow look, “Yes, Magen told me that, and it’s sort of what we’ve just done,” she said scathingly.
“What Curiba means to say,” Tyr’uc stepped up, “Is that we’re going back to the deck above, and we’ll move over to this spot – where there’s a large amount of Es’stons sheltered. She’ll cut through the floor, and we can assault. The Es’stons here would be broken then, likely as not, and it may encourage others to retreat in an honourable fashion.” Tyr’uc held out his wristlet for Thelas to see, she him by the wrist to better position the screen.
“Seems an acceptable plan,” Thelas said warily. She was not fond of such general plans, or acting on them. “These are Magen’s direction then?” She asked sceptically.
“I believe it was his intent,” Elshan said truthfully.
“I’ll lead the assault. I’ll be the first one in anyway,” Curiba indicated her sword.
“Why’s that?”
“I have to do the cutting,” Curiba indicating the Black Sword again.
Thelas could not miss the suggestion, incredible though it was, “With a sword?!”
“Nanotech,” Elshan declared.
“I guess they’ve been making advances then – can’t wait till we get some of those...” She eyed the sword enviously, “These are a bit clunky.” She looked glumly at the plasma sword.
Elshan’s eyes searched about briefly for Ariot among the patients. No, he wasn’t there, just as well he hadn’t heard yet more criticism – which would not have been well received.
Thelas then commed the relevant units, and shortly the swordsmen streamed in.
“You’d better go then...” She gestured at the hole. “Three units should be enough... I’ll stay here – if you need reinforcements, we’ll be ready.” She wasn’t about to commit more troops than necessary. Any more in those tight corridor spaces would be more or less wasted, in her view.
Curiba nodded, “Thank you sergeant,” she said deliberately, judging that it might be required.
“Good luck...” Thelas knew, that, by the laws of statistics2, Curiba leading a charge, should not return alive.
She noticed one of the doctors giving her ill looks, “I’m sorry sir – is there a problem?” She sniped.
The doctor spluttered, he definitely seemed to have been festering about something, “A problem! Yes, I’ll say, and you know quite well what it is! I imagine you’re quite aware that you’re breaking the laws of the Estlem Agreement!”
“Yes, and so are they – attacking a hospital...” She stressed craning her neck.
“Only because you’re moving troops through it!” the doctor objected.
“I’m pretty certain it’s more to do with the fact that they know if they took our injured hostage, we would have no choice but the white flag. That’s why we’re here in the first place – to prevent that happening.”
“So you think the Es’ston would abandon the principles of the Estlem Agreement – just like that – it’s unthinkable! You know what happens if we start ignoring those laws!”
“Yes, we have a very short, and dirty, war...” Elshan murmured. He was quite aware of the many weapons neither side was allowed to deploy.
The doctor nodded vigorously, “And how do you know what the Es’stons are going to do?” - They only started heading this way when you lot tramped your way in. How can you believe the Es’stons to be such monsters?!” He swung and arm frustratedly.
One of his colleagues approached, “Doctor Ransai! You should be working, rather than distracting these Guards. They’re doing a good job. I don’t doubt most Es’stons are no worse than us – but these are determined elites, with a mission to carry out, no doubt at any cost. I think it would be best if we leave such things as tactics to the men who are trained...”
“Trained! One year of training makes these soldiers sudden experts! I doubt it!” the first doctor scoffed.
“That may be,” Elshan drew himself up, “But you don’t know everything there is to know, and we are at least, more qualified than you! And furthermore, these particular Es’stons have already expressed their attitude towards the Estlem Agreement – by firing on escape pods, and I doubt they had any method of telling whether they were occupied or not!”
“Ransai, come on, we’ve work...” Ransai marched off without another word.
“Troublemaker, if I ever saw one...” Thelas said bitterly. “And what are you lot standing about for!”
Curiba instantaneously sprang to action. She sheathed her sword and jumped up, catching hold of the rim. She pulled herself up. The rest of them followed. She gave the sergeant a final salute. Having collected her troops, she moved off.
Shortly they arrived at the appropriate spot, according to Tyr’uc. It was just above a corridor that lead on to the passageway to the main entrance of the hospital section. Curiba drew her sword to begin the incision.
“Hold on a moment there Curiba, just be careful. We want to surprise them. Don’t push the sword all the way through. I think those soldiers below might notice it popping out of the ceiling,” Tyr’uc advised, hopeful that she would listen.
“That’s exactly what I was thinking,” Curiba said authoritatively. She began to cut delicately.
“If you cut the short sides first there’ll be less chance of it sagging down,” Elshan waggled a finger at the floor.
Curiba nodded, “Ready everyone?” She stood on the inside of the large box she was cutting. The Guards drew their swords and pistols, securing their blasters on the back plates of their armour, putting in well out of their way. They were well drilled.
The pistols would always be a bit of a one hit wonder – one shot to take down the closest Es’ston, and then if you weren’t engaged and in enough numbers, you would find the Es’ston guns rather a peeve – briefly, at least. They had practised in any number of situations Magen and Yicle could think up – including a few requests from Damoclus, who had envisioned quite precisely what a swordsman could do. They powered on their swords as Curiba began the final cut.
“Tyr’uc can cover you with a pair of pistols,” Elshan said, “And I’ll be able to deal with any physical entanglements – if enough Es’stons pile on you, you’ll be in trouble.”
“Slick should stay here,” Tyr’uc decided, “He can come in after the rest to help shoot down fleeing Es’stons.”
“Right then. Let’s go,” she said unhesitatingly. She swung the sword at the final joining metal. Her armour melted to black as she pressed the button on her wristlet. Her platform plummeted. Elshan and Tyr’uc watched her disappear, momentarily struck by it, they scrambled and without second thought, leapt down.
The Es’ston were busy diving away from the collapsed ceiling, Curiba rushed into them. Her sword cleaved them down easily. She and her troops had dropped down in the middle of a group. Tyr’uc choice of spot had been perfect. The Swordsmen flowed after her, raging their cries of battle. They fired their pistols and met the Es’stons.
Es’ston railguns chugged inconsistent, sporadic, and failing replies to the burning swords. The Guards rent through the elites’ armour, not as dramatically as Curiba’s sword, sometimes failing to penetrate, or becoming wedged requiring a sharp wrench. Ariot had tested extensively, including Guard armour as one of the requirements, and it was good enough – the elites were almost as helpless as they would have been without armour, or even if they had been trainees. The seasoned soldiers had never known anything like this ferocious charge, and if anything it was worse for them than trainees who didn’t know what to expect. They had grown accustomed to battle, and were never surprised, but now they were thrust back to those vulnerable days where they fought the unknown.
Magen’s swordsmen knew how to fight close quarters, and even now had battle experience. They hacked their way through the traumatised ranks. There was little the Es’ston rifles could do now, in the confined space, against the fluid short swords. They died, and fell.
Curiba shouldered a warrior into the wall, pressing him with her considerable strength. A railgun shot chowed a lump out of her shoulder pad, but too close range, it just carried off the useless material, rocking Curiba only slightly. She drew her sword across, then kicking the on-coming Es’ston, she whirled around, completing the turn bringing down the Black Sword on her foe, he dropped. The one behind had his gun raised, he hunched over suddenly, and shuddered, he was caught by Tyr’uc’s precise shot. She charged into the quailing front again.
Almost single-handedly, Curiba was driving back a front the width of a five person wide corridor. Most of the swordsmen saw fit to take the other front, realising that few were needed to fight alongside the Black Knight. They didn’t believe she actually was, after all his was a figure of legend, it was just the befitting title – or the play of the stone.
She didn’t see the death about her, only the enemy. Her sword swung unstoppably. She registered the vague attempts at resistance, but none could stand before her. She felled them remorselessly. Everything seemed to speed up, or slow down, like a computer game running at ten frames per second…
Elshan too was a terror to the Es’stons – and it seemed odd, in that flitting area of thought there was left in Curiba at that moment, that Elshan could be so violent. He always seemed gentle... like one who wouldn’t hurt a fly. He plucked an Es’ston up bodily, and hurled him, cutting short his attempt to take down the Black Knight.
The Es’stons broke, and fled from the Black Knight. She gave chase, while her swordsmen took up firing with their blasters, she didn’t see. Round the corner towards the main hospital entrance, she pursued them. Railgun shots seemed to slam into her sword, like it attracted them. Elshan and the other brother Derell would have been astounded at the sword’s ability to destroy energy. The shots’ momentum simply disappearing. There was disorder, the Es’ston torn between the two directions, equally as sealed, they were trapped. Dektri’s guns on one side, and this woman in the black armour with a legendary sword, berserk and bloodied on the other.
She charged them again... now, so engrossed, she saw the tip of her sword lightly glimmer across the Es’stons. Neat little cuts, demonstrating supreme skill, ruthlessly bringing a precise and painless death... Then the Es’stons were gone.
“Curiba... Curiba...” -Why was Elshan whispering. He grabbed her and shook. He seemed rather terrified.
“What, what’s wrong?”
“You, you need to stop...” he said, staring almost horrified at her.
The swordsmen caught up, four of them that had followed her. Six more had fallen, two of which now teetered on the edge, the others taking the long drop. The men cheered her, she was a hero. Elshan could not. He knew what could drive a person on like that, it was fear gone wrong... almost bestial, possession. Elshan barked for them to shut up, but they did not listen.
“Century 623 is dealing with the ones we chased away,” Tyr’uc said. “There should be more Es’stons somewhere – this doesn’t tally at all.” He skimmed his finger across the touch screen. He carefully ignored and avoided looking at the wreckage, focused on his wristlet. He started.
Dektri emerged and ran up.
“Quick! They’ve broken through Exit 2!” He waved an arm in the direction of the hospital section. “Ten men only...” he sighed shaking his head. A fault of the confidence in the tactical display – who knew how they’d done it, but they had, they’d evaded it. Dektri suspected their saboteur.
Elshan grasped Curiba by the shoulder. He was about to tell her to stay – she slipped away, charging off with her impressed swordsmen. No doubt they were full of foolish confidence, fighting beside her. Tyr’uc indicated that they too should follow.
“To keep an eye on her,” he said.
Elshan studied his gun morosely – battle – war – pride, terrible that is should fill a young girl’s mind so. Terrible indeed that it should possess anyone’s mind. He snapped his gun to his shoulder, an Es’ston turning a corner cautiously. How he wished there might be a better choice, but not now. He fired.
Order was lost soon in the hospital section, there were no squads, no sergeants, no Shari’lan, or Shari’la, nothing, no command or direction, save one. Kill the enemy. The battle furrowed and kindled away through the area. Nearly all men on their own. Shouts and bellows, but no-one saying anything. They fought in the wards, the GP office, the operating theatres and even in Intensive Care, right beside the poorly defended exit. There was no surrender, not in that disorder – even if the soldiers had desired it.
The Seatons held, and eventually and inevitably the Es’ston force failed, several other centuries joined the engagement. The casualties were catastrophic in both Dektri’s and Magen’s centuries – not even making up the hundred between them. The Es’stons scattered and attempted to make an escape.
Not long after that, the Es’ston aircraft descended, laying damage on the Kuan-Aree, burning decks with piercing missiles and her hull ruptured below the water line, by torpedoes. The heavy weapons unit managed their task well, though casualties were again many, from the strafing railgun armed fighters.
Then there was silence in the skies, the Es’stons left, heading perhaps to raze a remote settlement, or to try Seatus’ failed atmospheric defences. The blood drenched Kuan-Aree wallowed, taking on water. Magen worn by now to the bone, his stomach sick of the reports, the percentages on his tactical display, still struggled on. He organised the clean-up and repair teams. The decks had to be scoured for survivors, Es’ston and Seaton alike – there few sporadic skirmishes. 
The hospital was a mess, and the doctors and nurses did not have to look far for patients. The repairs began too, first to stop the Kuan-Aree sinking, closing the watertight partitions. The engineers’ surveys began, little boats being dropped over the side. In the engine room, mechanics and engineers working feverishly to bring the grav engines back online. The work of the day was far from complete, and they had yet to determine their next course of action. Magen’s position as commander had to be scrutinised, and Magen had to fit the pieces together as to what had happened.


Chapter 10: ...Do So with Higher Ideals 
“Against the undivulged pretence I fight of treasonous malice...”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

“Ariot?” Magen asked inquisitively. He stepped into the shattered, charred and gloomy room, that had once been the state-of-the-art bridge of the Kuan-Aree. The place was now lit only by the ambient light flowing from the corridor. The blackened walls and ashy remains of the carpet, dumbed it down somewhat.
The command section had become a very depressing place. It was silent, nearly crypt-like, including the dusty unpleasant air, and reek of death. Magen had passed many of the tombs on his way here from the secondary bridge on the deck below. The blasted doors, hanging crudely from their hinges, a memorial to the event. Each one, praise to chaos, glorifying the toil of the Es’ston saboteur, or saboteurs. The emergency response crews had finished their job here though, there were no bodies, or semblances of bodies. The crypt was empty. They had managed to clear the place out before the battle had begun.
There was a scrabbling noise off in a corner of the room. Magen imagined it was Ariot standing up, awkwardly of course, his investigation – which Magen hoped he was qualified enough to carry out, would almost certainly have brought him to the floor on at least one occasion.
“Do you need some help?” Magen asked stepping towards the sound.
“No, no. I’m fine.” A warding hand emerged from the darkness. Magen could see the shadow of his form now. His eyes adjusting to the grey darkness. “You startled me a bit there. It’s this working in the dark... puts you on edge. You could have commed me...”
“I didn’t see the point, I was pretty sure you’d still be here. I hope you’re only referring to the lighting in here with that ‘dark’.” Magen peered into the darkness, studying the wreckage, his mind constructing the explosion, replacing the parts of the jigsaw, a chair that clearly came from the sensors area – a console, perhaps to do with the weapons systems, or navigation, it bowels strewn across.
“What ho! Ariot-o!” Yicle greeted from the doorway, before Ariot got a chance to reply to Magen’s inquiry. “Been up here mulling over things, having a mind clearing meditation, this whole time? – Nice place for it...” he commented.
“I’ve been investigating – the battle’s over then, is it?... What happened to you anyway?!” Ariot pointed at the dark coating on Yicle’s armour. “You know you don’t need combat paint. Armour does it itself.”
“Yes we did manage to beat back the Es’stons, under the fine direction and command of our great hero – Magen,” Yicle said commodiously.
“I’m not quite sure how to take that,” Magen said dryly, “A compliment, sarcasm, or reverse sarcasm... What are you doing following me up here anyway?”
“There wasn’t much for me to do really... and I figured you might need some moral support when you meet with the centurions – they can be a tricky bunch,” he explained.
Magen had arranged a meeting with the centurions, for in half an hour’s time or so. They had almost reached the stage where they had to make more complex decisions, now that the crisis was nearly over. The repairs to make the Kuan-Aree sea-worthy (or maybe just worthy, since she wasn’t exactly a sea-going vessel) were well under way and the clean-up teams had been organised and could be left more or less to their own devices.
There were three main points of discussion Magen had in mind for the meeting. He was almost certain they would be in common with the centurions. First there was the issue of command, they would want to talk to High Command now, Magen’s handling of the command would be scrutinised, and his position would be finally open for debate. Next they would want to know what had happened, what all this stuff about spies was, and what they would do about it – which was why Magen had stopped in with Ariot. And finally they would want to know what to do next, where they were going and what they would do when they got there – no doubt hoping they could head back to Terranch. Magen suspected this was highly unlikely to happen, which he believed would be some point of controversy. The channels to High Command would be open now that the Es’ston jammers were gone, and the centurions would want to use them.
On reflection, Magen realised he would have been a fool not to take Yicle with him. He knew he could rely on him for support, the centurions, well he had no idea what to expect yet. He would be able to discuss with Yicle quite safely, without any political consequences. Yicle’s advice though was nowhere near as useful as Damoclus’, but Damoclus was currently unavailable. 
“Thanks for the thought Yicle,” Magen said, “I’m sure I can do with an extra voice of reason.”
“So Yicle, you haven’t explained yet...” Ariot was a bit vexed that his second question had gone astray.
“I was here when it decided to blow up!” he wandered into the decimated bridge.
“Wonderful!” Ariot cheered.
“I’m not sure it was that great...”
“Yes I should imagine not – but it does mean that you might be able to shed some light on what happened – though I think I can piece it together. I’d like to be more certain...”Ariot said, glancing over at the remains of a table, that may have once been part of a tactical display. Magen followed the eyes, and saw Ariot’s allusions. He had a pile of scraps gathered, Magen walked over for a closer look.
“Well it was kind of all bright flashes and crashing and explosions – and stuff like that...” Yicle said with an emphasis on the vagueness.
“Thanks, that’s a help...” Ariot said flatly, not entirely surprised at the response.
“Well what did you expect – it was an explosion – is there more to it than that?!”
“Yes, I believe there was – explosions don’t just spontaneously happen.”
“No? I thought that was the point?”
Magen pressed his fingers to his temples, “Yicle – shut up, and let Ariot explain,” he snapped. Yicle was doing a good job of being his usual happy-go-lucky bouncy self – while Magen was just about at the end of his tether, it didn’t help. “Tell me Ariot about your hypothesis...” he gestured at the scraps on the table, “These are the remnants of power cells – correct?” Not that it was easy to tell given the light. Magen could only imagine Ariot had found them in the first place, by some clever innovative use of the human eye.
“Yes – absolutely correct.” Ariot flicked on the torch he had been using. The annoying thing about emergency equipment was that the batteries always seemed to be nearly flat – particularly where torches were concerned. The light was now quite dim.
“And so – what does it mean?” People like Ariot always liked to be asked.
“Well, as I was saying, explosions must be caused by explosives...”
“That’s not exactly what you said,” Yicle cut in. Magen gave him a look, but it was lost in the darkness.
“It’s what I meant. Anyway our saboteur, or saboteurs if you prefer had to get these explosives on the bridge somehow. Now if he, she or they were in a position of command, bridge access, would be no problem. But, I don’t think they, or whatever do have such a position – so, what other way could our Miscreant do it?” Ariot towed them along his path of reasoning.
“These power cells... they pack a lot of energy don’t they?” Magen asked suspiciously.
“Got it!” Ariot stabbed a finger towards Magen, momentarily reminiscent of a game show host. “Everyone needs power cells, including command staff!”
“A handy way to place them right on top of the command staff – that was the target, wasn’t it? Not the bridge itself,” Yicle fleshed it out a bit.
“So,” Magen drew one of his own power cells, “Someone tampered with a bunch of these – turned them into explosives, and then placed them, somehow, in the command deck’s armoury.”
Ariot nodded, “I think so, though I’m not one hundred percent sure. I expect it would require some very expert tools and skills to modify the power cell in such a way, and not make it either redundant or blow up in your face.”
“You mean you’re not sure how you would do it,” Yicle suggested.
“Perhaps...” he conceded.
“That’s quite worrisome, a reusable tactic too... Would these ‘bombs’ be timed or remotely detonated, do you think?” Magen pondered, rubbing the stubble that had developed, contrary to regulations – not that Magen was the worst offender.
“Does it matter? I would say timed, but only because to me, it would seem simpler, and less traceable really.”
“It would be less controlled too. But then, putting these in the command deck’s armoury is pretty indiscriminate,” Yicle toyed with the fragments.
“I’m not sure our spy cared, or rather cares – I expect he’s a survivor.” There was some bitterness in Magen’s voice. The thought of it was horrific, all those people carrying around their own death warrants. Magen checked the time, “Hmm, I think I’d better head down to the conference room. I might have some setting up to do... Ariot have you everything you want?”
He nodded, “A bag perhaps to put these in?”
“I’ll put them in my pouch,” Yicle offered, putting a hand to the belt pouch – more or less the ‘pocket’ of the Seaton Guard armour.
“That’s fine, we’ll talk as we walk...” Magen decided.
“You want me to come then?!” Ariot was shocked.
“Yes, I think so...”
“But I’m not command staff!”
“Neither are they, they’re just centurions. I don’t really think their brains work on some superior level to an unranked soldier’s – certainly not where Grammas is concerned anyway. Ogher might have you believe Mattias is a god though, but he’s not.”
“Well, if you say so. I’m not really sure I’d add much,” Ariot seemed a little glum at the thought. Perhaps having a roomful of centurions to deal with was a bit daunting. Magen could empathise with that at least, he was beginning to understand the bane of the late Captain Rossi.
They left the ruined bridge without much ado or ceremony, Magen had a couple of guards from the other division sent up to watch over the place. Just in case someone should tamper with the evidence. The stomped down the corridor, Ariot clattered along.
“If there was an explosion, would the power cells not have blown up anyway...” Magen conjectured as they marched.
Ariot looked uneasy with that, “No, no. Power cells shouldn’t explode. They’d be more likely to break down, rather than release all their energy in an explosion. That would be too dangerous in the combat situation they were designed for...” he lectured. “I haven’t found any other traces of a device anyway.”
“You seem to have been pretty thorough – I’m not sure you shouldn’t have been with the Department of Internal Investigations...” Yicle joked.
“I can’t say I ever considered that as a career path.” Ariot appeared to be considering something at that point. Perhaps this career in the army, that he really didn’t want. Magen couldn’t see Ariot going willingly into battle again, he wanted to run – he was broken... “Oh! Is everyone okay?” Clearly he had not been thinking too greatly about the events around him – pretending it had nothing to do with him, he wasn’t even really considering the consequences.
“No, not everyone, but at least everyone in the squad...” Magen said darkly, reminded of the casualty figures he had seen of late.
“Ogher’s busy organising the entire ship, overseeing the repairs and all that,” Yicle told, “Tyr’uc, I believe, was last seen trying to help some engineer or another fix the computer systems.”
“And Elshan?”
“Busy cleaning up,” Magen muttered, “Not a task I’d envy.”
“No,” Ariot nodded understandingly.
“Everyone’s pretty busy, that’s about it. I have Janessa down in the hospital. I think Curiba is on a search and rescue team. Saar’ha, she’s asleep...”
“Asleep?”
“She had some kind of – what would you call it Magen?” Yicle looked at him quizzically.
“A ‘fit’ I suppose,” Magen explained without heart. Such lies – it was so intensely draining. They could understand so much better if they knew the truth. But, a telepath to the Seatons, would be a terror – even to close friends, but perhaps they weren’t close enough to Saar’ha. How could they be? She kept everyone at a distance, a safe distance perhaps. “She’s okay though,” he added quickly.
“No idea what brought it on?” Ariot asked. Magen could tell though, he was no longer interested in the further details.
“Not really...”
“The bridge was attacked though,” Yicle mentioned, “A miracle only the Es’stons were hurt... Something that might interest you Ariot – they used nanobots to stun everyone, though it didn’t work on Magen, apparently...” 
And no-one had thought to ask Magen why. No one knew what they did of course, so it was simply accepted, it seemed. Then the details were fairly hazy too, and Yicle had convinced everyone that he and Slick had dealt with the Es’stons. Magen was not going to dissuade that view for now. Any other explanation, was, too complex.
“That is interesting, I’d love to get some of those under a scope – is there a lab on the ship do y’ reckon?” 
“I wouldn’t know,” Magen said drearily. “That’s what happened to my arm by the way – I had a tussle with a battlesuit.”
“Battlesuits! Wow they really pulled out the stops – you’d wonder why...”
“Mmm, I have a few theories,” Magen slotted his PIC into the security panel for the conference room. The Chief Engineer had supplied him with suitable clearance codes. “I’ll run them by you before the meeting begins.”
They stepped into the room, swinging the double doors inwards. They slowly sank back to their position of repose, being mounted on sprung hinges. Magen reached for the lighting controls beside the door frame. Typically, the first light switch lit up an obscure remote part of the room. An alcove appeared out of the darkness, at the far end of the room. It was a sort of kitchen bar area. Ah... Magen thought, refreshments... He hadn’t had anything since that foul coffee in the canteen.
“Yicle, can you see if there’s any coffee back there. And if there is, can you put it on,” He intimated.
“Sure.” Yicle sauntered off towards the glow of friendly warmth.
Magen flicked all the switches then, dazzling himself, as the room lit up stunningly bright. He played with the dimmers a bit, to get it more comfortable. Then he took time to get used to the room.
Before them, was a vase shaped long-table, flaring out at one end. It was glossed black, the kind of finish that took finger prints exceedingly well, requiring constant polishing. The wide end was clearly the head, intended for whoever was presiding. Here were the presentation controls; for lighting and the large 60” screen situated behind. It was currently black, matching the table nicely, though perhaps quite a bit less glossy.
The floor of the conference room was covered with a dark forest green carpet. The walls matched, being a neutral white split with a colour matched green strip. The chairs around the table were black, of course, and luxurious padded leather. They were also blessed with a swivelling feature. No doubt in case the ‘head’ was one of those people inclined to wander, and, of course, for those facing away from the doors, so that when someone came bursting in dramatically, they would be able to stare.
Ariot sat down in one, halfway along the table. He tested the swivelling mechanism, and turned to face Magen. “Seems we’re moving up in the world a bit...” he commented.
“Yes,” Magen said, slightly distantly. He was beginning to feel it. “And, you didn’t see the last few conference rooms I’ve been in,” he said trying to make himself feel better about it. “Mmm, Ariot, do you know how to use one of these?” He walked over and tapped the presentation console meaningfully.
“Oh yeah, sure,” Ariot raised himself slowly, and went to the head of the table, “Should be fairly simple – designed for commanders...” he said offhandedly.
Magen passed him a data cube, “Stick this on, it’s just the latest casualty and damage reports... I might not use it though,” he finished unhappily. It wasn’t terribly uplifting material. “Yicle! How are you getting on with that coffee?”
“Found it!” he called back, “Hmm...”
“What is it?”
“Think I found a spirits store too – how about a little something in our coffee? I’m sure we deserve it,” Yicle suggested in keeping with the Terranchi spirit. A drink wasn’t complete until it had alcohol in it. There was some sloshing. The noise of water pouring into the reservoir of the coffee maker, Magen presumed.
“I wouldn’t be sure about that,” Magen said bleakly, “Have you seen those reports?” he walked towards the kitchen, and leaned on the bar.
“Well, I have. I was on the bridge as they were coming in, if you remember. But the way I see it, there wouldn’t be any casualty reports if you hadn’t been on the secondary bridge pulling everything together.” Yicle removed a probably very expensive brandy from the spirits cabinet, in expectation of the coffee, which was now chortling away. He set it on the counter on the inside, just a bit below the level of the bar top.
“Yes, but perhaps, I could have done it better,” Magen reflected, “For example, I didn’t need Dektri up at the bridge, did I?”
“But you couldn’t have known that, it was a reasonably sound tactical decision...” Yicle defended.
“I don’t know – why would they have attacked the secondary bridge, they were under the impression that the command was out of action...” he proposed. If only he had been able to save more lives. And these were only the preliminary reports too! “The division is crippled, decimated, and all those soldiers dead, men who put their trust in me...”
“But they almost certainly knew that their chosen career was only likely to lead them to death. And if they didn’t they were fools,” Yicle rationalised, “Anyway, whether you deserve it or not, I say you need it. And I say, I deserve it, for taking down an Es’ston Shari’lan in full Battlesuit!” his thumped his fist delightedly.
“Shari’lan? Is that what they call them – something like, ‘reverent leader’,” Magen delved into the depths of his smattering of Es’ston.
“I think so...”
“I don’t know how you can be so upbeat about it all...” Magen accused.
“You are totally inconsolable, aren’t you,” Yicle said piteously, “Well – I’m not going to pretend I really care so much – I only know them as numbers on a page... How can I honestly feel down about that?”
“But they’re not numbers on a page, even if that’s what they look like,” Magen felt sickness boil up in his gut. This was not the time to challenge the world views of his closest friend however. “Ariot! When you’re done, can you come over here, and I’ll expound my suppositions. Just before I make a fool of myself at this meeting...”
“Sure!” Ariot straightened, “I’m pretty much done,” he tapped a few more buttons with finality, “How's that coffee?”
“Pretty much done,” Yicle replied glibly.
“Great! I’m coming over – here catch Magen!” Ariot tossed a little white cylinder in his direction – the throw was bad, and Magen was slow, it clattered off his armour. He ducked to retrieve it.
“If you were coming over, why did you have to throw it at me? He demanded gruffly. Ariot shrugged. “What is it anyway?” Magen held it up to get a good look.
“It’s your stylus for the screen,” he indicated the dominant black portal. “You can write out your points on it, or play that game where you draw a picture and everyone has to guess the phrase.” 
He joined them at the bar then. Yicle laid out three mugs, and began to pour.
“Seems handy...” Magen set the ‘pen’ on the bar top.
Yicle sploshed in lavish quantities of the spirit, “I wonder if there’s cream,” he pondered.
“Come on! That’s just decadent!” Ariot complained. Yicle grinned, he twisted round to look in the fridge.
“And so it would seem, were our late commanding officers...” – silence, “Well...” Yicle shifted uneasily.
“It’s worrying to think that those saboteurs, spies, or whatever are probably still running around free...” Ariot muttered.
“Yes, and I’m sure you’re not the only one distressing about that...” Magen said. “I’d like to do something about it.”
“What? You’ve got a plan?” Yicle smiled, he handed Magen a mug.
“Not exactly, but I don’t think you can do things on this scale without leaving traces.”
They continued the discussion then, Magen ran over all the material he would soon have to bring before the centurions. It was quite critical how they reacted, and if Magen told it wrong...
Twenty or so minutes later, Magen sat at the head of the table, his ‘aides’ at either side, waiting for the new command staff to arrive. Ogher had found a few additional command staff in the intervening time. This had only changed Magen’s plans ever so slightly. He hung unhappily over his nearly empty coffee mug, with a deep sense of impending doom. Yicle relaxed across two chairs. Ariot sat to attention, aware that any moment now, an officer might enter. Silence wreathed the three. 
On noticing the time they had quickly completed their discussion. Now they merely waited. Magen drummed his fingers impatiently, frowning. It didn’t seem simple enough, and he simply had no idea really what to expect of the meeting, nor was he sure of what he wanted to achieve. He wasn’t sure he really wanted to remain in command, yet somehow, it seemed wrong to simply hand it over. He felt to weight of the responsibility, and it seemed to him, that none of the others would be able to bear it. Or was it some deeply buried pride, desire for the authority, so he could fix everything – he hoped not. Whatever the motives though, he was unhappy with the idea of handing the ship and her two divisions over to someone else.
“Typical Terranchi tardiness...” He grumped, finally giving vent to his impatience, the door swung open. It was Grammas, he flashed Magen a grin, and gave him a wave – really a disguised salute. Promptly, he then made his way to the end of the table – it was probably an impulse deeply ingrained in him from his schooling days. He had never been much of an academic, and the back of a lecture room, or classroom naturally drew him. It was easier to get distracted there. He sat at the end. There were a few awkward exchanges of conversation, but a table length was between them, and neither Magen nor Grammas were very successful. Fortunately, that did not last long.
Dektri appeared shortly after that. It seemed that Magen’s own division were making a bit of an effort to be early, or at least, earlier than everyone else.
“Magen.” Dektri gave a sharp salute, followed by his traditional slight bow. He gave a look at Yicle, who quickly straightened up, “I see you brought some moral support...”
“Advisors,” Magen responded.
“Always useful, must find a few myself. One could end up very feeling very self-important.” Dektri took seat beside Yicle. He was in actuality quite reassured that Magen had realised that this meeting would be no simple affair. “Would this coffee be available to everyone – or just the commander...” Dektri tapped Yicle’s cup conspiratorially.
“Yes – it can be.” Magen was reminded that all the men on board had had a pretty tough time. It was a lot of battle for people who had never been in battle before. The wounds from the last one had barely had time to heal, and for the other division, it was their first. “Yicle could you organise some refreshments, water, coffee, tea – and if there’s some biscuits or the like,” Magen requested. At a time like this such comforts would be well appreciated, and as Yicle had suggested, needed. Yicle responded immediately, and rushed off to the kitchen – where he was briefly assailed by a conversation wanting Grammas. “That’s Yicle Daret by the way, my scout... and this is Ariot Derell, developer of the plasma force sword.”
“Pleased to make your acquaintance,” Dektri said, politely shaking his hand.
“I’m working on a revised design,” Ariot explained self-consciously. He was ashamed to have the sword associated with his name at this point.
“He’s my technology guru, I guess...”
A few more centurions trickled in. Magen didn’t know them, but acknowledged them none the less. They were from the other division. They chatted amongst themselves contentedly enough. Magen was removed from them now. They had never really known him as a centurion, and he was only seen as a Rossi like figure. He was not a real person, he was where the orders came from.
“I don’t know everything,” Ariot said modestly.
“But you do know a lot...” Dektri hypothesised, laying a finger right on the particular direction of Ariot’s pride.
“Well, at the moment, mostly stuff to with plasma, magnetism, power cells and so on – it tends to come and go as it’s needed,” Ariot replied.
“I see you’re wearing captain’s colours,” Dektri alluded the blue shoulder pad Magen wore.
“Yes, I felt it was required earlier, when I was going walkabout – no-one pays attention to a centurion asking for things to be done, unless it happens to be your own...” Magen had made an appearance in a few areas of the ship, partly to see how things were going. And partly to encourage everyone that everything was under control, and where it wasn’t to straighten it out. Ogher was eminently useful and Magen was feeling very appreciative of his ‘first officer’ right now. A forceful hand here and there when mere words were not enough
“Quite true, quite true,” Dektri agreed, “Though it may be somewhat less than helpful here,” he advised, he whispered then, “The centurions may see it as a bit pretentious – some of them,” he smiled a bit, “The smarter ones will see it as practical.”
“Yes, I see,” Magen hadn’t really thought about it too much after Elshan and the brothers had fitted it – it had required some minor alteration. Well, he considered; there wasn’t much could be done about it now.
“I have no doubt you have thought it through,” Dektri said slyly.
Magen looked up, “Mattias!” he greeted raising a hand, which would according to the laws of social interaction, mean that Mattias would be more inclined to come over. The table was a lot more full now, and Magen wanted to have some of his supporters close. Not that Mattias was necessarily particularly keen on Magen as their commander, but they were at least acquainted. Magen was aware of the saying about keeping your friends close and enemies closer, but it just didn’t seem very practical right now. And besides, none of these people were enemies as such – yet. “You’re not looking too bad, after all you’ve been through,” Magen remarked.
“Yes,” he said wandering over. Magen saw a flicker of darkness. Was it his stalker back? He steeled himself taking a deep breath, he really hoped it was just a trick of the light. He’d already had enough to deal with today without another visitation. “None the worse for wear,” Mattias continued, “– no thanks to our saboteur. I wonder does he have a name yet?”
“No, not yet, we’re not even definite about how many there might be. Never mind identification.”
“The place is crawling with them,” Ariot reckoned. He introduced himself to Mattias then.
Mattias sat down. He seemed to naturally lapse into an aristocratic – or perhaps artistic pose. It was not the laconic, lazy pose such as Yicle might display, or one might confuse for aristocratic. It was removed, presiding, commanding – indicative of a well-developed intellect. It was apparent why he had been charged with the command of a hundred men. He looked serious, like he understood all that was about him, though perhaps that impression was just created by his sharply defined face, almost gaunt. He probably just wasn’t eating properly...
“Perhaps, yes – I think, ‘Atilbe’…” Mattias decided to go ahead with the naming anyway, despite Ariot’s comment about the ‘multiplicity’ of the character. He looked to the ceiling thoughtfully.
“Why Atilbe – isn’t that a type of flower,” Ariot looked around at his fellows. Of course none of them had had a mother that insisted on teaching her sons the names of flowers.
“No – well yes actually,” Mattias snapped out of his reverie, “But I was referring to the Atilbe of legend. The man who stole the throne of Kellsat. The only man to ever have penetrated the Grand Palace of Mochak. He slipped past all the guards, and confounded all the traps – he circumvented the most fantastic, advanced and well-engineered security of the time. And he slew the Emperor before his throne, and took it… Our spy seems to have the same diligence for defeating security,” he explained, spinning a hand about gratuitously.
“Apt...” Magen stated, “Historical account has it, that he never made it out alive...”
“Ah now, you know historians tend to have pretty good imaginations too, and are quite susceptible to wishful thinking, and – of course, political pressures,” Dektri advised, “Legend sayers on the other hand, are not so restrained, by king and country, nor as most will know do they have great imaginations,” he waggled a finger.
“And why do you say that Dektri?” Mattias quizzed.
“Well, they only have three basic plots to begin with...” He smirked to himself, but his genius went unappreciated.
“Is this perhaps a Terranchi legend about Kellsat – it would tend to have a certain bias,” Magen said added yet another ingredient of discredit.
Mattias merely smiled at this. The ship’s Chief Engineer and Head Doctor walked in then, a few centurions followed them. Magen noticed the ‘difficult’ Centurion Echla, she gave him an accusing and disdainful look. He got the feeling that perhaps she was jealous of him. Maybe though she just felt someone more official should be in charge. 
It seemed the crowd was nearly gathered, only a few missing – and most of them would not be turning up for this meeting, and some of them, never again. However it had to be said the straggling remains of command crew and staff had managed fairly well to stay out of the line of fire. There were tactical reasons for leading from behind, though Magen had found it quite difficult to cope with during the peak of battle – such a feeling of powerlessness. All he could do was move the counters – he couldn’t actually control every shot fired, every decision made, for life or death, or every little movement of the wrist that brought a sword of pistol on target... Maybe it was like that if you fought at the front too, but at least you could put yourself between the enemy and your soldiers.
“Atilbe had his accomplices too, I’m sure...” Ariot said, accuracy as ever, paramount. He couldn’t let anyone go away with the idea that there was one spy only.
“Yes – his dagger,” Mattias straightened a bit, “You see that was the whole point of the story. That one, lone man could overcome the most ingenious security – that security is not secure,” he gave the obsidian like table a double chop to emphasise his point, “The perception that security can be absolute, has to be one of the most self-defeating philosophies man has conceived. The emperor was alone in that throne room when he was murdered – he thought he was untouchable.”
“Mmm, of course it would have been a fair bit harder to get fifty men past all those traps and guards,” Dektri said.
“Excuse me,” Magen rose and walked towards where the Head Doctor sat. All this making light about the spy was just to mask their fear and concern. He knew they were worried, and moreover, they knew that it would be unlikely there would be much they could do about it. Magen already could feel this ‘Atilbe’ slipping away as the fine dry sands of an hourglass. Mattias was right about one thing, there was a mastermind at work, though there were many spies as Ariot emphasised, only one was really pulling strings. His accomplices, Magen conceived were mere tools, as the dagger. He was hoping at least that they might find a few bloody blades...
He approached the man, “Doctor,” he greeted humbly in a low voice. He crouched down beside his chair to be at the appropriate height for conversation without looming over, “I was just thinking, perhaps you would prefer to be helping out in the hospital. I’m certain your skills and direction are much in demand right now...” he halted there, realising that to go on further might sound a bit like he didn’t value the doctor’s presence here.
“That would be nice...” The doctor gave a wry smile, “However my reasons for being here, are a bit more political than mere duty,” Magen had wondered how Ogher had the heart to pull the doctor away from lifesaving, just to send him to a distressingly bureaucratic meeting, “You may be aware that there is some debate about the Es’ston attack on the hospital section – something like, ‘which came first the chicken or the egg3?’ I myself am neutrally opined in this matter – I have yet to hear all the details. Many of my colleagues would feel a bit – left out – if there were no representative for them at this meeting...” he explicated. The doctor was obviously well schooled, and cautious, quite artful with his words and the way he expressed his opinions. He was a Jahiran of course, words were a part of their culture.
“Ah, I see,” Magen had until that moment, assumed that everyone understood and would come to the logical conclusion – but that would only be true of course if they had some faith in him and his good intentions. “I guess I had better get on with making the facts clear...” he began to straighten up. He was a bit crushed by the awareness that some of those under him might think ill of his actions.
“Merstle Essen, by the way,” he extended a hand over his shoulder, as he was sitting half turned to Magen.
“Magen Agasan,” he shook.
“Of course!” It seemed Merstle had come to a realisation, “Damoclus’ Sword,” he seemed to find this amusing.
“Is that what they call me in the higher echelons?” Magen was not surprised, it seemed all manner of senior officers had heard something of him. Being one of Damoclus experiments seemed to have brought a certain amount of attention. He wasn’t sure he liked it at all.
“Only behind your back...” Doctor Merstle smiled graciously.
“Of course,” Magen said unamused, he stood up, “Well I’d best get the meeting underway. I think we’ve got everyone...”
He turned away and strode back to his position at the head of the table. He signalled to Yicle to hold off dispensing the coffee for a moment. He was of course bantering away with the centurions, completely oblivious to their superior ranking. Magen took a final survey of the dully chatting group – they all looked so haggard and worn out. Magen’s own division was barely recovered from the impact of their first battle. And the other division, it was their first, and they’d not even had a proper commander to bring them through the experience.
Magen rapped his mug on the table with a certain lethargy. He was just thinking what he should say or bark to get their attention – not that he hadn’t struggled with this moment before in his mind, what was it that Rossi had done, he’d just walked into the room – but there was no need to worry. As if by magic, hush fell, and all eyes were on him. There was a lot of curiosity on his side, they wanted to know what he had to say. Magen gave a brief smile, that seemed a good beginning.
“I’d just like to begin this meeting, by thanking you all for your cooperation, understanding and efficiency, that you have displayed during this time of trial. It is a testament to your abilities that we are able to stand here and have this meeting. It has been an honour to serve as your commander,” so Magen began. 
He was encouraged by the fact that his audience was attentive and listening. Worryingly, it seemed, also scrutinising his every word. They did not yet know if they wanted him to lead them. He had agonised quite a bit over that first sentence. He had considered ‘hello everyone’ but that seemed a bit too familiar, and not very official – but of course he wasn’t official. Officiousness though, was probably reassuring to the centurions. They would feel less like they had been brought through the battle by an amateur that wasn’t sure of what to do next. “I must commend you on your perception of the situation,” he continued regardless, “Without that critical decision, I doubt we would have been able to respond to the Es’ston attackers...”
“Yes, Centurion Agasan,” A centurion cleared his throat. He was an older man, Magen could not doubt that his youth chafed with him. “We do quite agree that there was little choice but to give you command – given the urgency. However, now that the crisis is over...” He passed the ball back to Magen, awaiting his response.
Magen took a breath, recovering from the blow. The rhythm of his oration had already been disrupted. He pulled himself together, his mind raced to construct the appropriate response. “I was getting to that,” he decided, “I’m quite aware that I am a commander of convenience rather than of qualification. But before we debate the issue of command, which I assure you I am quite open to,” he added hurriedly, “I would just like to explain the situation, and exactly what happened a bit better. Firstly as, no doubt, you will wish to know the details – and it will aid you immensely in determining our next move,” Magen gave a slight smile, he was back on track, “And second, to explain some of my decisions, but I suspect it will be apparent once all the facts are known.”
“Yes!” Echla spoke up loudly and abrasively, “I would like to know you justification for breaking the directives of the Estlem Agreement…” She set her jaw, it seemed she was certain that there could be none. Of course she would know them by heart, and in the correct legal wording, though anyone half human – knew them in their hearts, and even very souls. That at least seemed obvious to Magen, even in the madness of war there were things one did not do. 
Whether or not that was hypocrisy was a different issue. The soul cried out for these standards. Not all listened to those demands of the conscience, and they were mad men. The men who had commanded the Es’ston Elites, certainly were. 
“…Soldiers, armed and ready for combat are not to take residence in an area intended as a hospital – hospital is defined later on, I’ll not patronise you with the full legal statement. I think we all know that where Magen posted his entire century was a hospital.”
“Yes,” Magen said calmly, his heart pounded at the challenge, they would not just let him lecture to them, this would be more of a debate. “That’s absolutely true – and no I didn’t follow the letter of the law – I’ll explain…” he told them about the Es’stons shooting on the escape pods, “…I’m sure to most of you, this simple gesture demonstrates clearly the attitude of the Es’ston force to the Estlem Agreement,” Magen studied the centurions faces for their reactions, attempting to discern whether or not they; believed him or if they were sharp enough to catch his meaning.
“But,” Mattias began slowly, and with deliberation, “There was no-one on board the escape pods – so surely they broke no rules...” 
Magen wondered whether it was a genuine question, of if he was playing the devil’s advocate. If it was a serious question, Magen had severely overestimated the Angtari’s intelligence. He decided it was the latter of the two. Perhaps he was right – he should say everything explicitly. It left little room for misunderstanding, and others to put words in his mouth.
“That doesn’t matter, the intent was there – there is no other reason to waste ammunition like that. So either way the only valid reason or justification for firing on the escape pods, would be say, if I had loaded them with explosives – which I did not, I’m sure the cargo manifest will testify to that…” 
One had to be careful. The more qualifiers he used the better, later it would be harder for the intent of his sentence or the blurry memory of it to be warped by any determined to think ill of him. 
“…I realised then, that based on a moral-less strategy, the hospital was a prime target, and that they could win the battle simply by taking it hostage. I ordered Sergeant Thelas to take position in the hospital section. My only regret in this matter is that I did not post more men there from the beginning.” He thought of the total chaos that had taken hold there. He had not seen it, all he had experienced the hurried and frantic messages on the comm. Battle was bad enough, but battle without order. It was like a sick orgy - a feast for the Enemy. “Are there any other objections or concerns? – Doctor Merstle?”
“I believe you,” Dr. Merstle stressed leaning a hand on the table, “However,” he said gravely, “There is only your word that this is what happened. I regret to say there may be those more difficult to convince. Don’t be surprised if you are treated with enmity by some of the crew,” he paused, “All they really know for sure is what they saw. They saw troops posted in the hospital section, and then the Es’stons attacked...”
“They want to blame someone...” Magen said bluntly, almost like he was unscathed by the thought that people would hate him for something he wasn’t responsible for.
“More or less...” he replied candidly.
Magen supped on that kernel of knowledge momentarily, leaving a silence develop. It was yet another blow to his already ailing confidence. To some of the men under his command, he was nothing but a heartless fiend. He knew to expect such things, Damoclus had intimated as much in his lectures. There always were and would always be those determined to hate, to find fault, those determined that the glass was not only less than half empty but also that someone had taken what was rightfully theirs, that the world was deliberately abusing them, and that someone was responsible. Today Magen was that someone.
Magen cleared his drying throat... 
The double doors exploded inwards – not literally of course, but it was a violent motion in a quiet time. A gasp of fresh air rushed in, Sergeant Thelas stumbled in, bedraggled, propelled, as if spat by the likes of a killer whale. She was drenched in sweat, and panting for air. She doubled up from the fight of her paining inter-costal muscles, she grasped the rim of the right hand door for support, and no doubt to stop it giving her a sharp and vengeful rap on the head. The centurions facing away from the doors craned round in their chairs to eyeball the intruder.
“Sorry Sir,” Sergeant Thelas panted as the second door swung shut, “Sorry I’m late,” she gasped, with wasteful repetition. She clutched her stomach with her free hand. “I was held up,” She drew in another breath, “I had to get some more volunteers for PAP.” The explanation finally came. “Some people afraid to get their hands dirty.” Her tone was even, but it seemed that she was quite furious at this lack of responsibility towards fellow soldier. Magen hoped it wasn’t a critique of the command staff, such as it was, seated in the room.
Some of the centurions in the room were looking quite fatigued and worn out. Most of them had had their hands dirty, but Thelas topped them easily in all these respects. She would not shirk anything that looked even remotely like her responsibility. She looked like she hadn’t slept for weeks, her eyes were sunken and grey, the sclera of her eyes streaked with red. Perhaps she had even shed tears at some point, but never in front of anyone. Her hair, that light greyish brown, was tied back tightly, or rather had been. It was suffering from escaping hairs now, and wisps of it stood out, almost looking like a halo. She looked like no saint though, her armour was badged with blood, from her fallen enemies, from her fallen friends, and even perhaps herself. She had not had the time to tidy up herself.
Thelas had been extremely busy. She had taken charge of an entire century, no easy task for the unprepared, she had suffered the casualties, and the agonies of accountability. She was now in the position of giving orders, and also was largely in charge of the clear up. Magen had not even fully realised the weight he had placed on her. She had been there. She had seen the battle slip beyond the control of mortal beings. And, unlike Magen, who also felt the blood on his hands, she was supposed to have had the reins, she was there to cry the orders to the men. But everyone had gone deaf, and hers had just been another cry among the many. 
She had never felt so alone in that moment, the moment that the soldiers standing by her ignored her. It was expected that the orders of the men in the high Towers would be ignored at some point, but the commander on the ground – Thelas would not have believed it. The Seaton Guard was meant to be order, it was meant to be war in a bottle, war in control. That was what defence was about. Thelas did not kick herself though, as Magen did. She knew what they had faced – the Es’stons had come from nowhere...
Thelas’ appearance brought the closeness of battle back to the centurions, she was a reminder of the violence that had gone before this rather calmer meeting, a reminder that none of them were clear of the blood though they had washed it clean from themselves. How could they ever be clean of it? Magen had felt his identity eroded, as did many of the other centurions and leaders. Could they continue in this state of existence, what would be left of them when no more was required?
“It’s okay,” Magen made no comment on her condition, though he was sure something showed on his face. It was quite ghastly, and apparently to many of those seated round the table. There seemed to be discomfort with her presence, perhaps it was because she was only a sergeant. At the least that separation of rank enhanced it, she was an intruder into the inner circle of centurions. Magen turned back to them. “This is Sergeant Thelas, she’s acting centurion for my century. I decided that since, practically, I have not been their centurion during this battle, that she should come to this meeting to represent those guards. I can’t represent them, because I wasn’t with them...”
There were a number of acknowledging grunts, and other noises. It was certainly not definite approval – or disapproval. Indecision, they were reluctant to offer full support. Magen indicated for Thelas to take a seat, in view of the lack of outright protest. Thelas skulked down to the back, she was obviously unhappy with the situation.
“While I’m at it, I’d best introduce my other temporary staff. You’ll understand that I didn’t have to time to go hunting around for the relevant crew members. Appointed by me of course,” Magen gave a wry smile – yep, he was well on the road to becoming a tyrant, or perhaps it was dictator. A dictator could be benevolent, couldn’t he? Yes, all these people with positions purely because he knew them, not because of qualifications. It was not the way to run a ship. 
“Down at the end there,” Magen pointed, “Serving refreshments, is Yicle Daret, my acting communications officer – not my personal butler...” Magen scolded himself, this was neither the time nor the place for jokes, especially bad ones. Nevertheless it seemed to have eased the tension a bit. “I’m sure he’s already introduced himself to many of you, and likely you will have heard him on the comms at some point during the battle... Ehm, and here, on my left,” Magen indicated appropriately, “Is Ariot Derell, my technical advisor. He’s also the designer of the plasma-force sword that my century uses.”
Ariot gave a reserved smile, embarrassed by the attention, no doubt. It was a bit of a joke really, he was making the titles up as he went. The centurions knew that of course, and the likes of Dektri, being a bit more critical or even more down to earth, would have termed the ‘moral support’. Though Magen could not take the titling entirely seriously himself, he could not reduce them to those mere terms. Perhaps it was overplaying the officiousness thing a bit, no-one had asked him about them, there was certainly no requirement to give them titles. Worse, the centurions might even regard him as pretentious, and maybe he was... He couldn’t tell; a centurion pretending to the position of division commander – no, even higher than that, he was over the whole mission. One step below a Marshal was it? That would have to be either Prefector, or Primus-Captain – Force Commander.
“I’m working on a magneto-plasma sword,” Ariot excused himself of his crude initial attempt, yet again.
“Right... And now moving swiftly along, I was about to explain – we do have a bit to get through – what happened, and perhaps why it happened...” Magen ploughed onwards, “Some time, I hazard, before we boarded the ship, a person gained access to the officers’ armoury on this ship. They replaced the power cells with ones that were altered in way that they could explode by remote control...”
“Or they might have been timed,” Ariot interjected.
“Yes, thank you Ariot. But the point is most of the officers would have had to replenish their supplies after firing practise,” Magen gave a meaningful look to the group. He decided to let that penny drop, it seemed to have stunned the centurions. He sat down, he had a sense of motion behind him, as he was lowering himself. He glanced round briefly, trying not to attract too much attention. What on earth was that? He eased himself into his chair, trying to dismiss the odd feeling. He beckoned to Yicle for more coffee. The mug was duly filled with a sly grin from Yicle.
“Will I continue serving them?” he asked.
“Sure...” Magen said dismissively, realising his ‘hypocrisy’. He took a suspicious sip, peering over the rim of his mug, in expectation of response.
“And that’s how our ‘Atilbe’ assassinated the greater proportion of the command crew,” Mattias spoke up, again it was in the way of a helpful declaration rather than a question.
“Yes – Of course a number have escaped unscathed, those that didn’t attend their firing practise, I would guess, or those that either didn’t replenish their supplies or left their power cells down.” Magen took another draft of his coffee, it was better that they asked the questions, it was what centurions liked to do. He waited for the next question – it would come...
“But why?” Echla asked with that typical inclination of pitch. “Why deploy a valuable spy-saboteur, just to take down a troop transport? Why for that matter were we attacked by an elite force?”
“Two reasons; they didn’t want to sink us, they wanted the ship intact. Second, they wanted a religious artefact which we happen to have on board. You see they had to board, to fight in close spaces – you need elites for that, well armoured, equipped, and coordinated warriors, otherwise we – our Guards, can grind away Es’stons ‘til the cows come home. Furthermore – to limit their casualties, wiping out our ability to co-ordinate was essential. All, I believe, usual Es’ston strategies to defeat our superiority in defence. That is why our command, our coordinating ‘head’ was neutralised, and why I was so determined that we should be coordinated when they attempted to board. That’s why they deployed a valuable spy.” Magen’s eye caught Grammas’, he was listening avidly to the story. It was particularly interesting to him, because he didn’t know what was coming next.
“The Es’ston tactics seem fairly sneaky...” he commented.
“Most tactics are,” Mattias began rather cynically, “You see it’s all about trying to be the winner whenever there’s no real reason you should be... I imagine this was all some plan to stealth their way into Solara. We were supposed to be stationed near the Tower of Light. I don’t purport to know how they intended to do that, but it seems a reasonable hypothesis to me. You know the whole Trellan Camel thing. You know that’s where the saying, ‘Beware of Kellsati bearing gifts comes from. Atilbe himself used a very similar...”
Mattias received a few looks that in some mysterious way made him fail to finish the sentence.
“So, that explains why they may have wanted the ship intact,” Echla continued, demandingly. She would always want to know ‘why’, “But – why do we have one of their religious artefacts?” She stretched over the table in Magen’s direction, giving and uncomfortable intensity to her presence and her question. Most of the centurions were content to let others do the talking. The ones that spoke though would be remembered, the chances were that they would get the promotions, even though they talked rubbish half the time. A silent man was unpredictable, you didn’t know what he was thinking. Yes, there were plenty of suspiciously mute people about the table...
“Well,” Magen had prepared a few acceptable half-truths and even lies so that the Centurions might understand. Who among them was likely to understand a living myth? “The Es’stons occasionally bring some very significant artefacts in to battle, trophies or banners if you will, but with an added ideal of a supernatural supporting element...”
“Sorry to interrupt,” Dektri said carefully, “But I must ask why on earth they would bring such an important item into battle? As we are all aware, in any engagement the Es’stons always have little chance of retreat, that simply means that they would lose any such item – to us, heretics, unbelievers, infidels, unclean...”
Mattias straightened up a bit, being of a religious position, or at least sympathetic to religion, which some would consider in many ways – worse, “But Dektri, if they believe they have the blessing of their ‘gods’ or ‘god’ don’t you think they might have confidence that all was in control, and that victory was a certainty. To a devout believer, depending on the nature of their ‘divine’ of course, would they not be fully confident bringing such an artefact into battle. It would not even strike them as possible that it could be lost to us.”
“Surely though,” Echla joined in, “Having lost it they would realise that their god was false?”
Mattias laughed, “I’m guessing you’ve never believed in anything then Echla! Faith always has any number of explanations – I can’t imagine how empty your universe must seem...”
Echla was affronted, and put on a steely look. Dektri merely seemed ambivalent towards this statement, Mattias was deliberately trying to draw out her religious position, perhaps atheism – it wasn’t worth worrying about.
“We’re not here to discuss religion,” Magen said loudly and shortly, frustrated by the pointless distraction, and partly by what had been said. “The point is not why, it doesn’t matter what the motive was, the point is that the Es’stons did bring such an important artefact into battle, and they lost it. Naturally, people sometimes pick things up in battle – rather after a battle. I doubt the person was aware of the significance. That is the only useful explanation I can think up. You might not understand, but this was probably the primary objective of the mission. The potential to penetrate Solara, no doubt a sweetener for the commanders devised by whatever religious faction was involved...”
There seemed to be some fervent scribbling going on. Some of the centurions had taken out their ‘scrolls’ from their wristlets, and appeared to be taking down scraps for later digestion. The scroll was called so because it was paper thin and it rolled up. 
Magen noticed that they kept looking up, but not at himself. They were looking past him. He stole a glance round. He immediately realised that he had left his stylus down at the bar area. He saw the Es’ston objectives displayed in a comprehensive manner on the screen. It was Ariot. He was busy on the console which he had at some point taken from under Magen’s nose. He had been flinging together slides as Magen spoke, of course he also knew already what Magen was going to say, so that probably helped. Magen swivelled back around, he wasn’t sure he saw the point, but clearly Ariot did.
“So you’re saying that the battle was all just because someone thought some inanimate object was more important than peoples’ lives!” Echla choked, “That’s just typical! Religion!” She huffed.
Dektri gave a slight smirk, well done Mattias, he thought. He had forced an anti-religious position, just as dangerous as a religious position, well he was not going to be dragged into that! He creaked in his chair slightly as he relaxed. He noticed a glimmer in Mattias’ eye, he was stirring it, and Echla was a prime target. What Mattias believed or hoped to achieve was beyond him, but it was certainly entertaining, and perhaps that was it.
“And what else are wars fought for, but material things, or pride. Land, money, freedom, religious artefact – does it make a difference, all more important than people’s lives. It’s hardly to do with religion.” Mattias said placidly.
Ariot looked glumly over his console, he stitched a few scraps of courage together, to engage in the debate with his superiors, “Religion is what keeps people from doing whatever they feel like,” he mumbled quietly.
“No, it’s for people justifying doing whatever they feel like – or maybe it’s for making people do whatever you feel like. Control maybe... Stupid, it only leads to wars and death...” Echla distantly argued, uncomfortable with engaging in such things with a lesser. “So what was it, and where is it?” She neatly avoided Mattias next comment on the subject.
“Yicle has them, it’s a pair of decorated swords, they belonged to an Es’ston ‘saint’ I gather,” Magen said, glad that Echla’s sense of self-preservation had brought them back to the business at hand.
Yicle perked up realising they had got to the bit that involved him. Unconsciously he let a cup overflow, “It wasn’t me that scavenged on the battlefield in case you’re thinking that,” he defended himself, “I would never do such a thing.” 
Magen was lying, he’d discussed this with him, but then it had not been lying. Not only was he lying, but he seemed to be doing a good job of it. Unthinkable – and why? Why such resolve? Magen still wouldn’t explain what had happened to him, or why he needed to make up a lie to explain it. Magen clearly thought he did know what had happened, and it seemed he didn’t think anyone would understand, or that it was best kept relatively secret, for whatever reason.
“And why is that?” Mattias asked daringly.
“It’s hardly socially acceptable,” Yicle said simply, of course his reason was a bit more complicated than that, but that was the gist of it. Yicle was on to Mattias’ game as well, whatever else he wasn’t going to entertain this arrogant Angtari. There was a silence for a moment. “Perhaps our spy got cold feet,” Yicle said eventually, he moved off to the kitchen after a number of apologies to the afflicted centurion, “And wanted to go home.”
“Or maybe our saboteur was trying to clear out some of the command to allow for the ‘sleeper’ to be promoted,” Dektri said cunningly.
He seemed to be ahead by several steps. Any of Magen’s division were aware of the Saboteur of Gahon, but he was supposed to have been caught – at least the public had been led to believe that he had been caught. Probably to avoid scandal. Few would have connected the attack on Gahon with the planting of spies.
“I’m afraid Dektri, you’d better take a few steps back, and explain your statement – for the poorer informed of us,” Magen counselled. At least it wasn’t only him doing the thinking.
“Ah yes, many apologies, I must have been thinking out loud,” he composed himself, hopefully to tell the story that otherwise Magen would have had to tell. 
Dektri was not one to be put off by being put on the spot, in fact he embraced it. There was nothing that appealed to his soul better than an audience, it was perhaps the salesman deep inside, the performer. 
“It would be best if I begin with the Es’ston attack on Gahon military base which occurred sometime near the end of last year, a few days before we enlisted for training…” he clasped his hands with a certain gravity as he began.
He told it, the whole history of the saboteur and the spy. He told it with remarkable clarity, in the logical order. He told of how there had been a hacker of remarkable ability, that had managed to bypass the highest level of security, he explained how this was also the saboteur of which they spoke, or the director of the saboteur, undoubtedly the ‘Atilbe’, the mastermind of which Mattias had spoken. He told of ‘Atilbe’s’ mission of his purpose in such a large scale and apparently pointless movement. He explained of the precious package to be delivered, the sleeper, the spy so important and precious, that he must be considerably good at his job. A man undoubtedly qualified and endowed with the abilities that would make him a clear choice for command.
Dektri also emphasised how Yicle could have been right in a way, that perhaps he had got cold feet, or it was not working out. Importance and command, by some quirk had slipped beyond his reach. The mission was a failure. Immediately Dektri’s statement made sense, the spy was trying to force the issue, creating a vacuum of power, perfect for advancing his cause. The work of the genius ‘Atilbe’, he was the mover and shaker, the sleeper slept. Magen occasionally added a comment, but mainly to demonstrate that this was his perception of the situation as well. He also added in his witnesses, the overheard conversation by Slick for one. This served to add concrete to Dektri’s story, that it wasn’t all just rumour and speculation, though Dektri spoke with an authority that made it almost needless.
“…And that knowledge you may guess, is what had our commanders in some state of unease after the battle before Kalhar. They knew we had an Es’ston spy, at least one, amongst our ranks, and suspected that we had a saboteur or saboteurs enlisted, either ‘Atilbe’ himself or his ‘hands’. They were worried about their vulnerability, and they were probably even expecting that we would be sunk, more than anything else.” Dektri reclined in his chair, emphasising his words with a drama of hand gestures. It was almost like watching a finger puppet show. 
“They would have known the prisoner of war camp to be a point of contact for either of our spies. In fact they may have even communicated with each other there, by proxy of course. Direct communication would be out. As to why they let us run amok at the camp...” Dektri was devolving into theorising, but the direction was right. To rise to the challenge it would help to understand what their superiors were up to.
“They can only have been attempting to bait the spy – a dangerous game, that’s certainly cost us,” Magen explained. The commanders had deliberately made it easy, so that they could watch. They had wanted the ‘Atilbe’ to act.
“Aye,” Grammas rumbled, ungluing himself from his chair to lean on the table, “But he can’t have known where we were going on our mission, that briefing only happened just before our departure.” Grammas did not usually engage in this kind of thinking, but it became almost infectious. Of course Grammas wasn’t naturally quiet either, and was uncomfortable with remaining silent.
“Our Atilbe is a smart chap, he’ll have made a good educated guess,” Mattias said, confident in his phantom. For one reason or another, he didn’t seem to make a distinction between the saboteur and sleeper. Atilbe seemed to be treated almost as a single entity rather an individual person, almost deified in the way Mattias spoke of him. It was clear that it had caught his imagination.
“Mmm yes, I think most of us were able to guess, given the High Marshal’s current dislike of certain Terranchi Marshal’s,” Magen said wryly, “I can’t see why he wouldn’t also be able to make that connection. As for the Es’stons’ objectives, well the best plans have a number of favourable results. I have no doubt that our spy, or Atilbe, has thought out everything well in advance. And in fact it seems that he could hardly lose...”
Perhaps Magen’s rise to command had foiled him, but Magen doubted it, Dektri was right. It was a possible outcome, and therefore taken into account. Even now he could be capitalising on it. It could be anyone from his own division, the sleeper would be wheedling for command, a position of authority. He would look the part too, Magen realised that he would very likely give him that power which he desired. He may have even done it already, it was quite disturbing. Now the saboteur, he would be making sure not to get caught, he was in the biggest risk, because he was doing something suspicious. There would be gaps in his timetable, there would be witnesses everywhere – but so too would there be people that simply went to bed for the night, or on an evening stroll, or got locked in the bathroom. Still it would all have to be pursued.
“Well, he may have overplayed his hand, as our commanders hoped he would. I think with the state of our two divisions, disbanding isn’t unlikely. There’ll probably be a few short term promotions,” Mattias theorised.
“Maybe,” Dektri conceded.
Magen stood up then, “I take it everyone is now quite aware of the situation. Are there, any further questions?” He looked around for uncertainty in the faces of the rudimentary command staff, “No, right, then there are two items that remain to be dealt with in this meeting...” Yicle regained his seat, having pandered to the ravenous, and caffeine addicted (occasionally only water addicted) centurions, “We must decide our course of action, and sort out our command structure. I’ll be the first to admit what we have at the moment requires some work. For one thing, sooner or later, my squad will need to sleep.
“I propose that first of all we should compile a report for High Command, as in our Section Marshal Prefect...” 
As part of the training they had studied the command structure of the army, but there were such a lot of details to it, that Magen was never one hundred percent sure of it. Practically, one mostly only needed know the commander directly above oneself, except now, Captain Rossi was dead, and a lot in between too. 
“…This seems the logical first step, to re-establish contact with command,” Magen explained.
Dektri seemed to go bug eyed for a moment, he set down his mug slowly.
“Sorry is there something you wanted to say Dektri?” Magen was unsettled, clearly he found this suggestion questionable. Dissent did not usually come from that quarter.
“Ye-es, actually, though I hesitate to point out the obvious. I am concerned with your eagerness to besmirch the reputation of our division...” he said none too diplomatically.
“What?!” Magen burst out, before he could consider a careful reply. It seemed Dektri was attempting to arrest some of Magen’s authority. Was he interested in command? Ambition? It was deliberate, Dektri was usually very diplomatic. But it was a device, not a character trait...
“If you report what we’ve just discussed, Solara will shove us off to the side, disband us – and even send the Department to have a look at us. Any chance of a career will be right out the window. Some of you may not care much for the career in the army – but the red security rating will hang round you like a millstone for the rest of your working lives!” Dektri emphasised with the whites of his eyes.
He dropped several bars in Magen’s esteem just then. He may have been intelligent, cunning, diligent and good at handling the men, but he was it seemed, ultimately selfish and not entirely honest. Indeed to the very core a trader. A man you would think honest as the day, and caring for his customers, but his ultimate interest was making money.
“That is exactly what I would expect them to do to catch a spy,” Magen pressed his fist on the table, fixing Dektri with and intensive glare, “That could potentially cut down the number of men he’s hiding in from over five hundred to a mere ten! I can’t say I fancy the Department being involved, but once the spy is caught, we’ll be able to carry on as before,” He countered.
“You think?!” another centurion exploded, “You think the Department would rest at finding one spy? How would they know when they’d got all the rotten apples? No, we’d be plagued by suspicion to our graves by that bunch of paranoids!” There were murmurs of concordance, mostly among the centurions of his own division, but the others seemed to be worried of the taint of proximity. It was discord to Magen.
He began to feel a bit hot, he shook his head slightly, “Hang on, we can’t just let a spy run amok, there is a reason for reports too. High Command must know that wherever we are there is risk of espionage and sabotage. Otherwise, they may put us in a place, or give us orders that are useful to the Es’stons. If the spy is in our command unit, worse still, we risk the disclosure of important and dangerous information to the Es’stons. Our movements, strategies – anything. We must find out the spies! We’ve already seen what they can do,” Magen repeated with determination and certainty.
“Well, that report will certainly cost our livelihoods...” Dektri stated, “And I was not suggesting that we let the spies ‘run amok’, we can do our own investigating...”
Magen was distracted just then. Something shadowy flitted past his feet. He almost leapt back, but with great presence of mind restrained himself. He would not wish to seem mad... He didn’t get that sense of doom or terror, it wasn’t at all like the experience in the corridor near the start of his training. Maybe it was a variation on the same theme though, a lesser being which had little influence on Magen. Or perhaps, it was the same creature, but diminished, as it seemed to be of late – but he had perceived that more as a distancing than a growth in his ability to resist it...
“Magen?” Dektri noticed he had unaccountably lost the commander’s attention.
“Oh sorry...” Magen muttered gruffly, “I thought I spilt something,” he explained, “Continue.” He noticed Mattias put a hand to his face, as if to hide a grin. There was no doubt he was far from professional, but he thought it an ill sign if some of them found him an object of humour. He gave Mattias a brief reprimanding look.
“I was just saying that it would cost our livelihoods,” Dektri went on, “For the sake of officiousness, ‘playing it by the book’ as we say in Terranch. Not everything has to be seen by the eyes of Solara – and they do not know us to judge us. I believe we will just as much be able to sort out this spy thing without reporting it to Solara, as we would if we did.”
“Well, I agree with Magen,” Echla spoke up sternly, “Solara must get a full report. Solara must know what is going on. Besides, how are you going to explain our casualties in a report? ... What?” She demanded, Dektri was looking sly. “What are you going to say?! ‘It was a lucky shot on the command deck’? That the Es’stons boarded us just for a pair of swords? Now that is ridiculous.”
Great, Magen thought, he had the most unpopular one on his side.
“Yes,” another centurion almost sniggered, “That is ridiculous. You would have to be a little bit more creative Echla. It’s not all just numbers and maths you know...” he goaded.
The argument carried on for a while. It swung back and forth, undulating like the wobbles of a jelly and getting nowhere fast. The centurions slugged it out, voices were raised, words spluttered out with the accuracy of a toothbrush painting, both sides gradually losing sense and perspective. The occasional one switched sides, but it made no difference, there was division. Magen stepped out of it silencing his own tongue, he realised how futile words were now, it wasn’t going to change anyone’s opinion. He sat back down.
What could he do?! Perhaps the report wasn’t that important, Solara might never even see it! But how could he support selfishness over loyalty and honesty? Or was his loyalty and honesty selfish, was he just throwing away the careers of his men simply because of a ‘warped’ morality? They would live, though not perhaps as well as result of his actions. And what could the spy do, perhaps he could destroy their lives anyway, and even do worse. Their silence could cost so much – it would be gamble, to act as if the spies were exhausted. Their commanders had known about them, so that was of little advantage. They had no way of preventing them making use of whatever situation they were in. What of that morality anyway? To teach selfishness over duty, over honesty, what kind of man did that breed? Better they live in poverty as humans than wealth as tyrants, or hollow empty men consumed by self. That was taking it to the extreme, taking too much responsibility on himself, he may have had influence, but in no way did he the power to mould a man.
Echla had a point too, that was far less morally ambiguous. How could they explain what had happened to Solara. Even if they only dealt with their direct superiors, how could they explain the need for an almost complete replacement of their command? If they learnt of the actions of the spies; surely that would create ripples, surely something like that Solara would like to know. 
It was certainly and regrettably in the field of the Department of Internal Investigations. It would require extensive untruth, and where did that lead. Lies had a horrible way of coming back to haunt you. They made life terribly complicated, Magen thought of his own false history as an example. It required study and constant alertness. You had to watch out for those great gaping pitfalls that circumstance threw at you that would require a hasty bridge of falsehood. Lies had lives of their own. He set a hand to his hand resting on the table. He needed to talk to Damoclus, or at the very least his ‘advisors’.
“The spy might even have left with the retreating Es’stons!” Magen heard someone argue. He groaned inwardly. If he was Rossi, he would just tell everyone to shut-up. Damoclus would have somehow got everyone to agree with him, or think they agreed with him, by whatever magic it was he had – perhaps it was his furtiveness, he was almost insidious. In a moment he would stand up, and give them a rap of the mug on the table... But, he had to decide how to circumvent the issue. They needed to select a new command, or at least give someone true authority. That was the problem, if he had real authority, then their argument would be worthless. But as it was, all they could do was either work by consensus or by majority rule.
Yicle stood up, he rose momentously, the atmosphere instantly changed by this deliberate action. In his manner, one could not doubt that he was about to say something – life changing.
Damn! Magen thought, as Yicle rose with the certainty of the sun. What was he going to do? His mug rammed loudly on the table. It seemed slow, monotonous, like the solemn drum beat of a tribal funeral. No! He couldn’t start thinking like that. He was in command, at least until they replaced him. There was silence.
“I think,” Yicle gave his customary disarming smile, “I think, we’re perhaps getting a bit distracted here. Before we make any decisions, there must be an authority. For now this report is irrelevant. High Command will take time to process it anyway, and especially considering that they are currently trying to win a battle. So whatever, we must have a provisional command crew, and then perhaps we can start making decisions as to what to do about our spy.
“Debating the ship’s command is a waste of time. We have a captain already,” Yicle said, squandering little time in getting to his point. “And there he sits,” he made a dramatic gesture in an unexpected direction, “The Chief Engineer, is, by right of the chain of command, the captain of the ship, being the most senior of the ship’s crew left intact. As all you know, I’m sure,” he was fairly certain most did not, “In the Naval division, the ship’s captain holds ultimate authority aboard his ship.” Yicle sat down, having conducted the metamorphosis of the Chief Engineer to Captain.
No-one was more surprised than Magen. He had assumed Yicle was going to defend his authority in some way, but no, he’d actually given it away! The centurions were also put a bit off balance by this, they had been preparing themselves for certain positions, now it seemed the previously supposed vacuum was already filled. It was a bit ‘kludged’, Magen suspected the reality was somewhat different, if it was in the naval handbook at all. All the same, he decided that it was indeed a lifesaver. It had neatly avoided the anarchy that he had glimpsed lurking on the horizon.
The cup of responsibility had passed to the Chief Engineer Innaltar. They watched him, studied and assessed his reaction, making it clear, that the next move was his to make. He was an older man, definitely past his prime, with mostly grey hair. There was still some vigour about him, and it was obvious he was an active man, as you might expect of a ship’s chief engineer. It was no desk job, there were plenty of things to go wrong on a ship the size of the Kuan-Aree, and it was his responsibility to organise the junior engineers to get the job done. Magen could see that here was a man that certainly had many of the abilities required of a captain, but it was an entirely different field.
Innaltar seemed uncertain what to say for a moment, the centurions were uncertain as to what he would say. They were quite repulsed at the thought of this complete stranger taking over. He had not said a word yet to reveal his mind. This simple fact showed that he had been apathetic until now. No doubt too he already knew that he was the ‘official’ captain. To Magen this revealed two potentialities, either he did not care for the command of the ship at all, or he did not feel he was suitable for command – and actually there was a third, perhaps he was being humble, and did not think a right to command was sufficient to take it. The Chief Engineer Innaltar stood up.
“Ahem,” his rather formidable moustache wiggled, “I am not a soldier,” he spoke gruffly, “And I have never led men into battle, and I don’t very much fancy this prospect,” he said honestly, his droopy moustache munched on the words he spoke. “I’ve seen war, and I’ve seen battle, even death – I do not fear it. This is a great responsibility you have placed upon me, or rather that chance perhaps, has placed upon me,” he continued starchily, still not having made his intentions clear, he paused, as if trying to remember what he was going to say next. “Perhaps I am not as brave as some of you, or perhaps, not as foolish. I baulk at accepting the weight of sending so many to die, or the burden of knowing my orders, negligence or ignorance could cause their deaths. There are a mere fifty on the engineering crew, that is enough for me, I don’t think I have the abilities or experience to lead more, and certainly not in battle.
“However, I am also aware of my duty, and so I must accept this position as is prescribed by the laws of our army,” he added sternly, “I say this in the hope that you understand the conditions under which I take this. You will then understand when I say that I will mostly delegate to Centurion Magen.”
The centurions by now were in the grips of mild hysteria, the honesty had done little to comfort them, but now they were back in known territory – Magen was, to all intents and purposes to be the captain. Innaltar was neither prepared to forsake duty, nor subject the crew to his deficiencies. As a mature man, long experienced with the world Innaltar was surely quite aware of what he was, and wasn’t capable of.
Innaltar clearly felt this wasn’t enough. He wasn’t satisfied that the centurions had yet confidence enough in their new found leadership. “I have spoken with Magen during the course of the battle, and I believe that he’s performed admirably, given the circumstances, I think as well...” he waggled a finger in Magen’s direction, “That he is quite capable of making those difficult decisions of a captain. While he may not be perfect, or terribly experienced, I will challenge you to find his equal,” he turned to address the centurions at large, “He clearly cares for his men – and also, I believe, is motivated by higher values. He is a man that I am willing to trust. If you have issue with that, and believe there is a better man among you... you must come to me...” He was staunch, sincere, and certain. “Magen I give you leave to continue as before.”
Magen felt refreshed at hearing this, he felt as if he had been re-armoured. He felt strong again. He gave a slight smile as Innaltar sat down again.
“Thank you,” Magen said, “I’m honoured. Shall I draw up a proposed command crew, for you to judge?”
“Yes, yes, that should be fine, we can discuss it later,” Innaltar said hurriedly.
“Right. Now...” Magen scrutinised the centurions, “You must select a division commander, a captain, for yourselves. I think we can agree that we only have the men for a single division.”
“Agreed,” Dektri said solemnly.
“How is it if I leave you half an hour to decide?”
The centurions agreed to this, by combination of nods and grunts.
“I suggest you try to select by consensus, if you have not settled by say, twenty five minutes time, you should vote on it. If you have not come to agreement by the time I return – I will make the selection myself, with the agreement of the Captain of course. I think that is fair,” he looked around for objection again, “We must sort this out as soon as possible. Then, we might have some chance of picking up the traces of our spies... Great!” Magen clapped his hands and stood up, “We’ll leave you to it then. I have a number of things to attend to briefly.” He beckoned Yicle and Ariot to accompany him, and they walked out.
And ‘great’ it was indeed. Wonderfully done, smooth, and now he had some degree of real authority. In that moment Yicle had stood up, it looked as if it was all spiralling out of control – of course the issue of the report had merely been skirted for the moment. That feeling of elation, of strength and control slipped away. He still had to deal with the report, rather those opposed to it. He groaned inwardly recalling all the arguments, and the dissension. And Dektri! He clenched his fist, it made him furious to think of his motivations.
“It’ll be Dektri,” Yicle prophesized.
“Good. He’s intelligent at least,” Magen said quite bitterly.
“Although it might have been Mattias – if he’d said something more useful,” Yicle chattered on.
“Division 62 would be more in favour of that, they’re not really represented properly yet,” Ariot said. A humdrum had started up, as a similar debate began inside the conference room. Ariot passed Magen the stylus from the screen, “You might want to us this next time.”
“Em, I’m not sure it’s that necessary – is it? I mean you did a good job...” Magen said awkwardly. He didn’t really want the bother of it. Ariot looked as if he had been slighted. “Well, okay.” Magen took the stylus and dropped it in a pouch.
“I think it helps,” Ariot explained.
“Yes for one thing it helps disengage those sharp brains of theirs,” Yicle joked. The trio stood in a cluster just outside the door. Ariot and Yicle had got the subtle message that Magen wanted to confer with them. “It was getting pretty rough in there. Still, you managed to wangle your way into command,” he finished cheerily.
“Yes, I’ve got you to thank for that...”
“It is what you wanted?” Yicle pried.
“I’m not sure ‘wanted’ is the right term,” Magen said slowly.
“Necessary perhaps?”
“Maybe... Now that I see some of the reasons that a man might take on the command – Oh I knew them, I just hadn’t grasped the reality. I don’t think I could trust it to that lot in there.” Yes, he thought, especially after the revelation about Dektri. It was almost unfathomable as to how one could hold such a view, but if one did not believe there was any kind of law over man... Man could make his own laws. Man could be God – of course. Magen would rather not stand aside for such a man.
“Are you going to do a report?” Ariot inquired in a way that suggested that he thought he should.
Magen sighed, “I don’t know, it seems the right thing to do...”
“It will have far reaching consequences...” Yicle subtlety suggesting that he shouldn’t.
“Maybe we can get this tidied up, and I can send a complete report. I don’t know yet... I think I’ll see if I can talk to Damoclus...”
“Now?” Ariot asked, thinking that the time would be better spent preparing a pretty presentation.
“Yes of course now. It’s the first thing I’ll have to deal with when we resume.”
“Damoclus, you say. Are you sure he’s the best person to go to about this? We all know about his political fiasco about trying to block the High Marshal. I don’t think he’s entirely straight, he’s partly to blame for that battle before Kalhar... If he hadn’t been messing around with things I think the movement would have gone a bit more smoothly.”
“Ariot, you’re talking rubbish,” Yicle said bluntly, “The Es’stons would have known about it anyway.”
“Not so early, they would have had far less time to prepare...”
“Come on, he’s the only Terranchi official who had the guts to stand up to the political weight of Solara,” Yicle countered.
“That doesn’t make him the man to go to for advice. It made no difference, and probably even had negative ramifications for Terranch.”
“I’m not going to argue any further,” Yicle waved a dismissive hand.
Ariot grunted.
“Right,” Magen said, having survived the confrontation, “Well, while I’m doing that, maybe you two could do a bit more investigating.”
“Sure,” Yicle consented lightly. He glanced over at Ariot.
Yes, Magen thought, the two hadn’t really worked together before. They were, perhaps, an odd pair. Ariot was very traditional in his values, and even very rigid when it came to anything else. He liked simple, defined systems. He was not spontaneous and did not like spontaneity either. If Ariot saw an irregular pile of bricks, he would try to build a wall. Yicle though, almost chaotic, ever shifting with the wind, no real values or anchor – he had a loose tongue too. No they wouldn’t be a bad investigative pair.
Magen held up two fingers, “Two things... I think,” he paused to count.
Two things had a horrible way of multiplying and diverging into many more than two things. It was one of those natural laws of the universe. It also had a tendency to make one look quite the fool standing there holding up two fingers when one should quite obviously be holding up four, or in the case of bacteria or aphids, a good deal more than that. When listing off the order of business, a commander had to be very sure he was holding up the right number of fingers. Surely few would respect a man who couldn’t count...
“Yes... Two things. I want you two… to find out what the Guards on duty at the secondary bridge last night saw. Tyr’uc was fairly certain that was the easiest direct access to the main computer – rather, in particular, the navigation systems. After you’ve done that I want you to check out the armoury. See how easily it can be accessed.”
“Hmm... It might not be very representative of how it was for the spy,” Yicle pointed out.
“And by that you mean...” Ariot said.
“Just that our spy probably was quite generous in the number of those little packets of surprise he laid in. The place may be just little rearranged,” Yicle gave a wry smile.
“Ah, yes I see what you mean...” Ariot mused.
“Well, see what you can see anyway,” Magen responded, “I’ll check the camera footage.”
“It’ll not be much,” Ariot said dubiously, “And I doubt there’ll be anything on those cameras. Any number of ways to get past them, and he’s probably thought of them all... Not to mention the kind of layabouts that are put watching them. Sometimes you have to wonder about this so-called security...” He reflected finally, somewhat cynically.
Magen nodded, “I know what you mean, still, we have to try all these possibilities. He might be smart, but smart people have the capacity to be tremendously stupid. Our best tactic, I think is to follow up any and all points of contact with this spy.”
“Well said!” Yicle agreed heartily.
“Now, em... on a completely different subject. Did either of you see... um, a sort of ‘shadow’ in the conference room?” Magen quizzed, with a certain degree of embarrassment. He felt almost certain they would not have.
“I don’t think so...” Ariot said reservedly, he looked over at Yicle for back up to this statement.
“Me neither,” Yicle replied, a bit coyly, it seemed to Magen.
“Right.” This was a sure sign it was something dodgy, not of the world – but beyond. How else could it so affect the perception? No one else had seen it. “Will you be okay on that leg Ariot?”
“Fine, yeah, fine,” Ariot was enjoying his current usefulness.
“Good. You can report your findings during the meeting – don’t worry if you’re late. It’s more important that you have something to say when you come,” Magen indicated they should get to work.
“Right, we’ll see you later then,” Yicle declared. Ariot set a determined expression, an expression of confidence and importance. He set to his crutches and began to creak away. Yicle strode after him.
Magen watched them go. He took a moment to reflect. Perhaps Ariot would recover from the trauma. He guessed its roots had gone deep, and it would most certainly be a painful process of removal. There was no comparison between Ariot’s current work ethic and what was required of him by the High Command of Seatus. What ultimately, if it came to it, Magen required of him. If it could only be made possible that he did not go into battle again... but it was worse than that, Magen felt, as did his brothers. Something of Ariot was lost, his spirit was broken. Ariot knew now he was weak.
He was putting a brave face on it. He was doing his best to look busy and able – for that reason, Magen knew that Ariot’s current functionality was only as robust as a blown out egg. Ariot was empty, his confidence was surely scattered as the seeds of a dandelion clock might be, and as irreparable as the splinters of a shattered pane of glass. Now he had nothing inside but a great empty vacuum. A space he’d filled with things that could be taken away – as easily as the shot had passed through his leg...
But such was the confidence of almost any man, as frail as the glass pane, and as easily dismissed as the light dandelion is by a subtle breath of the wind. The breath of the world. For a man to have utter confidence in himself must surely be self-deluded, Magen considered. There were a great many things in world more potent than a man. Lucky were those that never encountered them.
Perhaps not. Perhaps they were the unlucky ones, for they never would have the chance to see that there was something greater than they, something even greater than the world, something wonderful, that made the world again a tolerable place. Magen had decided, it could only be Cru’athor. So he felt that he had something better, far better, to place his confidence in. Men were flawed and corrupt, groups of men, even more so, men’s ideals, worse still. And self, perhaps the worst of them all...
To put confidence wholly in the self would require the greatest self-deception of them all. The self, one could see most clearly. A clever trick would be to avoid looking into oneself entirely. Yes to remain distracted, to fill all one’s time with mindless activity. A moment of silence might be deadly. And what of those that thought, introverted, to remain confident in themselves. They would have to be geniuses of a kind, what kind of fantasy they would have to weave. All those faults and weaknesses to be justified, and the world to be ignored. 
Layers of lies to behave in any sensible fashion at all in society. A shock could smash it down though, as it had done with Ariot. The world tended to intrude rudely on these fantasies. The realisation of his ultimate powerlessness had pulled up with it from the depths of Ariot’s soul all those things he had hidden. He’d seen a reflection of himself and it was so broken... No, Magen only knew one cure, one thing to put confidence in, and Ariot would not have it.
He would not have it because it made the ways of the world seem laughable, and the constant laws of the universe, something he had somehow placed great faith in, mere creations, rather than fundamentals. His power of knowledge was useless in the face of it, or that was how it would seem to him. With Cru’athor, Ariot would no longer have that comfortable certainty about the universe that his knowledge of science gave him. Of course Ariot had made Cru’athor a comfortable certainty too, with his ‘laws of life’. That was why the mere conception was no good... 
It was not so strange then for Magen to assume that his conversation earlier with Ariot had been pretty useless. It only deepened Magen’s current feeling of frustration and futility. All Magen could do was hope that somehow Ariot would get through it all. It very much reminded him that he was not all powerful, and could not fix everything. For some reason, at that moment, Magen began to feel that he could not fix anything. 
At any rate he had to get on with the rudiments of existence, he would go a see Damoclus about that report. Perhaps he would have some useful advice. He’d probably just be unconscious though. He gloomily plodded off down the corridor that would sooner or later, depending on the turns he took, lead to the hospital section.




Chapter 11: A Price to be Paid
“I cannot but remember such things were
That were most precious to me. Did Heaven look on,
And would not take their part? Sinful Macduff,
They were all struck for thee!”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

Magen strode through the main doors of the hospital section into the reception area. He halted, senses struck by the sight that he beheld. It was all changed. The remains of the swing doors had been propped open – a grenade perhaps, more like a plasma shot. He side-stepped as a pair of Guards bulled their way past him carrying a man, Es’ston, suffering from a sword wound. He made no sound, he might be dead. The Guards were from his century, gave a nod of greeting and recognition.
“Sir.” One acknowledged. The other merely grunted under the dead weight. They carried on.
The reception area was full, full of mutilated men and women. They moaned in a terrible chorus, some crying aloud, sobbing or whimpering. Some sat in mute silence, the stronger ones, or the dying ones... The injuries here were minor on the grand scale of injuries, but bore little comparison to the usual domestic kind. Magen guessed this area was for those that could be treated with the rudimentary ‘Primary Aid Procedure’. There were few doctors or nurses, just Guards who had volunteered.
A doctor stood at the entrance, it seemed he was in charge here. He gave snap diagnoses of the patients streaming past. He barked hoarse directions to the virtually untrained Guards standing in for paramedics. He hastened them onwards to the appropriate destination, while men died in their hands. The patients for the PAP volunteers were piling up. What did not require immediate attention was ignored; broken limbs, dislocations, some burns... left in pain, for there were lives to be saved. One could hardly imagine what shreds of man the professionals were dealing with. Mere slivers of life. There were few minor wounds.
Magen stood immobile. He felt dead, he could not move nor did he wish to. Everything seemed to have been vain. What was the point of all this? This – was the final result of the battle. There was no possibility of surrender, he knew... but... why? How could it happen? What could it mean? What was the point!! He knew he could have managed it better. He felt it in the depths of his soul – if only he’d been a bit more focussed... if only...
“Out of the way!” the Doctor ordered, “You’re blocking the passage!”
Magen stirred, “Sorry.” He wasn’t though, but he did look idle and out of place.
“Isn’t there something you’re supposed to be doing?” The doctor demanded, frustrated by this idle man.
“Yes... I’m supposed to be commanding the ship... Sorry I’ll get out of your way...” He replied sadly. The doctor’s attention had been taken up again, another patient.
Now, where would Janessa be? That was what he had come for. No he had come to solve the issue of the report... But he longed for comfort... He would talk with Janessa. Perhaps that would lift this leaden feeling. He caught sight of Saar’ha then. Of course, she would be experienced with PAP and probably a bit more besides, having been an ambulance pilot. It was no surprise that she had made a recovery, no doubt soon after he had left to secondary bridge. The ship was immobile at the moment. Obviously Saar’ha had taken the initiative to leave her post to do something useful. Magen walked towards her.
Suddenly, a ghastly hand reached up, emerging from the sea of pain Magen now waded through as a foreigner. The hand clawed at his armour thus snatching his attention. He whirled round on the patient in shock, initially feeling that this was something of an indecency. He recoiled from the patient almost in horror, and with great effort stifled a cry of alarm and disgust. He collected himself and mastered his emotions thus being out of place. The patient began to speak then, having raised attention of this arrogant man, so bold to walk upright and dignified through the misery.
“You!” he croaked at first, “YOU! You did this! Your men...” His screech trailed off into a whimper, anger ebbing to his sadness. He held up his other arm. Magen stiffened, for fear that he might go weak and swoon. The arm was bound and bandaged, it was cut to a stump below the elbow. Magen fumbled for something to say – what was there to say? Words were insufficient...
“I’m sorry...” Magen said knowing it to be useless. 
He choked, he could feel that weakness in his eyes. The patient was in nurse’s attire – one of the staff. He knew what had happened. An impulse reaction, from a soldier still in fear of his life. A sword would swing, or a finger tighten, and one more life would be added to the tally. He turned away and resumed his course.
Saar’ha seemed to be adjusting some kind of tourniquet. The armour of the Guard she was tending had been cut off at the thigh. He’d been glanced by a rail-gun just above his knee. He lay on the ground with the once profusely bleeding leg raised. Lucky really, but the bleeding had to be stopped, there was some risk that the limb might be lost. Later Magen supposed he would receive some more advanced treatment. In Solara perhaps, probably after the siege was ended. An idea that the siege might not go well, or in their favour crossed his mind briefly, almost like one of those haunting dark shadows.
“Can you get me a swab out of the kit there?” Saar’ha held the knot in one hand for a moment, with her other she directed Magen.
He stooped to the kit, and lifted out the roll of cotton. He tore off a lump of it.
“No, I’ll need more than that!”
He tore off more. Saar’ha gave a final tug on the knot, making sure that it was not too tight. The Guard, half unconscious as he was, flinched. She grabbed the swab and mopped up. She sat back, dropped the sodden lump on the floor. It seemed she was considered something. She shifted.
“I can save this leg in fifteen seconds,” she declared staunchly. She pointed a finger into her kit, “Lift that out will you, the saline solution and the laser scalpel as well.”
Magen somewhat numbly complied, and lifted out the device that looked a lot like two pincers mounted on a square frame, along with the other items Saar’ha required.
“I need the laser scalpel on the fine stitch setting, that’s three clicks clockwise.” Saar’ha commanded. She began to wash out the wound, “Those forceps there.” Deftly she plucked out the ends of the severed artery, “Hold these.”
“My hands aren’t clean,” Magen protested.
“Fine as long as you don’t go sticking them in. Quickly now; there are other patients!” She snapped.
Magen grabbed the forceps, in seconds Saar’ha had the grip in place.
“You can let go,” she said. She carefully drew the ends together, then whipping up the laser scalpel she fused the artery, flipping the frame round to do the other side. She loosened the tourniquet after removing the frame clamp. She seemed satisfied. “Just hope that there’s no clotting,” she mumbled darkly. She gave the wound a final rinse and then bound it up. She seemed a lot more efficient than many of the other volunteers.
“That’s it then?” Magen inquired.
“No, these tools need sterilised... Actually, can you bring them over to the sterilisation unit over there... Help me with these gloves first.” She held out her hands. Magen peeled them off, inverting them. He stooped, using the gloves to pick up the sodden lump of cotton wool. He caught her cold eye briefly in the manoeuvre, he passed by it equally cloaked. He picked up the tools in his other hand, and walked off to the mobile sterilisation unit, passing by a bin on his way. There was a small queue. Shortly he returned, with the now clean instruments.
Magen wondered vaguely as he approached why Saar’ha had not aspired to be something more than just an ambulance pilot. She certainly seemed to have the head, and stomach for the profession of medical care. But Saar’ha went her own way... And Magen had not guessed entirely what piloting a ship of injured from a combat zone was like. Saar’ha had moved on to the next patient. She seemed to have just completed her inspection.
“Hold him,” She stuffed a kind of dowel into the man’s mouth. Magen held him down pinning him to his seat. He whimpered as Saar’ha performed some sleight of hand on his knee. She seemed so dispassionate.
“I’m not uncaring – If I was I would not have bothered,” Saar’ha said sharply, and defensively.
“Sorry...” Magen said as Saar’ha stood up again.
“If you could fix all this with a thought...” Saar’ha began, she gestured at the wounded, “Would you?”
Magen nodded, thinking little on it, “Of course...”
“Then why does this creator – ‘who cares for us’ not do that? Why doesn’t he just stop all this suffering?”
He looked at her blankly for a moment, struck by this bolt of reasoning. “I... I don’t know...” he replied.
At another time, he was sure would have had the answer. It did not seem the time to reason away the pain. But, ‘Why did Cru’athor let this go on?’. When Magen had thought back on the crossing of the Ice Bridge, he had only remembered the beautiful delirium of being lifted from that suffering. It surely had been miraculous, but... Why had it not happened earlier, surely Cru’athor in His might could have plucked him from it at any time. He had allowed it to go on, and for what purpose! So why? Where was the meaning? Surely the Good Creator did not advocate suffering!
Magen tried to wet his cracking lips, and sandpaper mouth, “Do you know where Janessa is?” He asked, leaving behind the new question for now.
“Ward A, admittance. Let me know if you come up with an answer...” she finished bitterly, with a challenge. She tracked down a new patient, carrying her kit off with her.
Magen turned in the direction of Ward A. The question lay heavily on his heart, and yet he could not bring himself to think on it, nor to demand the knowledge of the One of whom it was asked. It just sat there, added to the turmoil of emotions and great moroseness that boiled inside him. He opened the doors, thrusting out his right arm. He experienced a shudder of pain coursed the limb. The painkiller was wearing off. He stilled his arm, holding it to his chest as he stepped through. He let the door snap back into place of its own accord. 
It had been quite swollen, though it had since reduced. Janessa didn’t think it was broken. She’s prescribed an anti-inflammatory and the painkiller, muttering about bruised bones or something like that. He gathered the ‘broken’ feeling was just from the bone being shocked.
He looked up, searching the area for Janessa. The ward was packed, though a bit quieter than the reception area. The sights that smote his vision were no more shocking than what he had seen before coming in – having already been exposed, he had been readied – and was therefore now quite anaesthetised to it, though the injuries here were more grievous. All he saw he processed with remoteness.
The Kuan-Aree was built to carry and cater for 10,000 soldiers. Despite this her medical facilities seemed to be above capacity. Magen felt the doctors and nurses were a bit thin on the ground, though he was deceived in this impression. Many of the staff were as bloodied as the patients, and thus camouflaged to a superficial glance. They had been caught in the crossfire also, and some of the staff quite indisposed. A crossfire Magen was accused of creating. Magen had no doubt that any doctor or nurse that had been fired upon was probably as a result of a deliberate act by the desperate Es’ston elites. One of the doctors caught his eye, his look, seemed to epitomise this condemnation. Magen was guilty. He experienced how true the Doctor Merstle’s words had been, he did not feel welcomed.
He spotted Janessa kneeling beside a bed at the shoulder of her patient. He strolled over. The man was in immense pain. He held a bloody hand over his chest, clearly there lay the source of his agonies. He was conscious, or in delirium. He spewed what seemed like gibberish. As Magen drew closer, it became apparent that he was speaking some form of Es’ston, not the common tongue. Magen couldn’t distinctly translate, fragments and that particular sound a familiar language might have. It seemed the man was praying, and also cursing, as if he was not sure of how to deal with his god. On one hand pleading, begging – on the other, accusing.
Magen realised he’d been misled, the chest injury was not the fatal one. It was a severe head injury, a noticeable depression to fore of the skull – deepening his suspicions that the patient was delirious. He guessed the stock of a blaster to be culpable.
The man went silent as Magen drew up beside the bed. Then he understood what Janessa was doing. She was treating him with that final medicine a doctor or nurse might have to give, comfort, and reassurance. She whispered these sweet and comforting words in his ear, perhaps trying to explain what she was going to do. Magen could not catch the words themselves, nor did he suspect would the Es’ston, but the meaning was clear despite this. He was dying, Magen perceived. He stood silently waiting for Janessa to finish. She administered an injection then, and continued her soft speech for a while. The man’s eyes drooped closed. Janessa contemplated the now relaxed face for a moment, and if searching for any remaining trace of the pain.
Her melancholic eyes met Magen’s then. They said nothing. Instead Magen looked down at the man with a certain horror. He was still – was he dead? Janessa had just given him... no surely not!
“I’ve just put him to sleep,” Janessa explained solemnly.
Magen gasped, “You mean you’ve killed him?!” he blurted out with little tact, he felt a well of fury turn in his stomach, coursing through his body fast towards his mouth.
“No!” She seemed equally horrified at this suggestion, they looked at each other, “No – I’ve just sedated him,” she continued more evenly. “We would never do that – I would never do that. It’s against a doctor’s vows. We’re to prolong life where we can. Yes, to ease pain as much as possible, but never to the extent of bringing death!” she gushed.
“Sorry, I misunderstood...” It had seemed like the kind of thing Janessa might agree with, for a moment. An extremity of kindness that would be warped. If kindness and love were about ending all pain, then it were best if everyone were put out of their misery – or if they had never existed. Here Magen felt some fragment of the answer to Saar’ha’s question had almost announced itself. “He is going to die though, that’s certain.”
“Yes, but then death is always certain...” she said solemnly, “Though...” she went silent.
“Though?” Magen pursued this lingering reflection.
She sighed, “Sometimes one wonders if one is only preserving pain...”
Magen did not reply then – Cru’athor preserved this world of pain, of brokenness, did He not? Why? Surely it was not just pain He was preserving. Why should the innocent suffer at the hands of the guilty? The sins of the autonomous, free, men He had created; the wars, the murder, the inequality, the injustice, the crime... Why did He not come with the anaesthetic and free them from the pain created by His free and evil men.
Freedom, had broken creation, Magen already guessed that. Perhaps that was it – for what was freedom without responsibility. What was the good of doing right, if there were no consequences for the actions of men? What even was left to choose, if one’s wrong choices never came into being. What was freedom then, but a joke! Could man exist in such a padded cell? Could society, or creation in its entirety? Without responsibility, one would only be half human… But was it worthwhile? Enduring the suffering? What could be learnt? Surely He could do more – and who had set the winds against him on the bridge? Or why indeed did it seem He occasionally did build padded cells, He broke the rules? And why should there be a limit to this... or was the truth that humanity was mad? 
“…Are you busy?” Magen asked rather awkwardly.
“Busy?” Janessa stiffened. Her face drew itself into a picture of resentment and disgust. “Busy! Of course I’m busy!” She indicated the ward; as ill filled and bulging as a constrictor after swallowing a moderately sized mammal. As with the snake, the sight was grotesque and hardly seemed natural or sensible. “Do you think these people just heal themselves?! Do you think the battle ends when the arms are laid down!”
“**no**” Magen coughed softly. 
Were these not the things he had just been reflecting on? How could she think him so insensitive! But Janessa did not listen, or even perhaps, hear, Magen’s weak protest. She had begun a rant and was not about to halt until the well ran dry. Magen had done her injustice in believing her capable of performing euthanasia on a man – now she either by will or mere circumstance was returning the injustice.
“People don’t just get killed in battle, they get wounded – it’s messy. It’s not just a matter of dead or alive, ‘trues’ and ‘falses’,” she waved her hands, “They’re not just statistics; there’s a whole grey in between. People suffering Magen! Suspended between life and death!
“And you know who has to clear up the mess, ease the suffering, try to set everything straight, tip the scales in the weight of life?! – It’s us Magen. And we have to work, and make terrible choices... This is not a dead man. He would live, maybe, but there are others that are more likely to pull through, and they get the surgeon’s time.” She furled her fist and wrung her hand, “But you – you forget us, you forget the barbarity of your precious swords,” she sneered in a rather ugly manner, so unbefitting her that Magen took a step backwards, “You don’t care. It’s all just numbers and logic – tactics, black and white... Don’t dare deny it! I heard how you spoke with Ogher on the bridge!” She threatened, seeing Magen’s face of protest, denial and innocence.
“Janessa, stop this!” Magen pleaded, “This is not me who you are speaking of!” He didn’t deserve this. They very thing that had brought him to her at this moment. Instead of reassurance and comfort she attacked him. It was rot, lies, the stuff of those dark and malevolent whisperings that occurred in a person’s absence. It was a story, a fantasy, a rhetoric, some propaganda put about by a man who for some reason felt an injustice had been done – or a man searching to explain his universe, and blaming another who was a caught up in it as he. How could she believe it, how could she tolerate it? Did she not know him?!
“But you sent them here!” Janessa accused again, “You sent soldiers into the hospital section – and you brought the Es’stons. You didn’t stop them – why didn’t you stop them! They fought here – here in this very room! In a hospital!” she stamped her foot, “You!” She got no further, but trembled as Magen drew himself up in a dreadful tower of rage. His eyes shot fierce lightning and his face was as the dark and thunderous clouds. The false accusations had cut deep.
“Stop that right NOW!” he barked with a clap of thunder, he shook a terrifying finger in her face, “You’re talking complete rubbish – and you should know it. You know me better than that. You even told me to send men to defend this place – and I did – and it was right!” He defied.
“You did send men, but they didn’t defend, they fought! They treated the Hospital as if it were some kind of battlefield. They didn’t stop the Es’stons!”
“How could they have! The Es’stons evaded our sensors, they cut right around the defensive positions. How on earth could I have predicted that? I can’t control everything, I’m only a man, not a god! – And don’t dare accuse me of not caring, because I do. Do you think I would fight at all in this stupid bloody war if I didn’t care! Do you think that I would expend my mind on trying to figure out how to preserve lives, defend Seatus – and in the same breath destroy them, if I did not care? No I have a choices and judgements to make that no man should have to – but if I don’t make them they will be made, and people will suffer! Yes it is a choice that should be left to beings greater than man – but don’t mistake me for one of them!
“Do you think I would just kill for fun – no I tell you that it is a sacrifice that we must make. I have no desire to kill other men, but I have to give up some of my tender feelings – to preserve life, to uphold that very same moral. These men, the soldiers serving here, have become monsters, to save those they care for – show some respect. They’ve sacrificed themselves, so their children can grow up, and live their lives as free men and women. Your job is no worse than theirs, their choices are the same, and even the same as mine, though mine surely affect more people, but it is the same sacrifice. Tell me Janessa what other choice is there?”
Janessa assumed a sage visage, suggesting she had a revelation to impart, that would banish entirely his blindness, “Stop fighting, if we don’t fight, there is no more war. All you’re doing is perpetuating it. We must throw away pride and submit. All you have done is train men to kill, they’ll keep killing, that’s all they know – the war will never end. You just have to stop, stop fighting. You can’t preserve an ideal by abandoning it,” she scorned, “That’s so apparently contradictory.”
“It not, it’s paradoxical, it’s just not simple. And how is surrender an option,” demanded Magen, “You can’t simply stop fighting! Do you think the Es’stons will just go home and leave us alone then? No! Don’t be a fool, they’ll come, and they’ll strip the place – Raiders will take the women, children, babies. Cities will be razed to the ground and crumble in dust. Seatons will become non-people, slaves to the conquerors. You’ve read and studied the bloody tale of history. Haven’t you read of the conquest of the Kellsati Empire... Can you just stand back and let it happen? Do we have no responsibility to protect our families, those we care for, our animals and land? Would you let a man come and kill your own child before your very eyes! No, not if you could stop him...” Magen fumed.
Janessa shook her head, “That’s just emotionalism. We have to break the vicious cycle, we have to stop fighting!” she pleaded now, “It’s fear, just fear. They’ll fight, because we fight, and we fight because they fight. It’s madness! It’s got to stop. It takes more guts not to fight – I know, but you have to conquer that fear...”
There was some element of truth in what she said... Magen stumbled on it for a moment, the war had continued for nearly three hundred years. Was surrender the better option, would the war just grind war for eternity? The suggestion seemed like madness. The failure of the Seaton defence was inevitable, but so was death. Euthanasia for Seatus? How many years would oppression go on? There was more than fear driving the war, but also greed. Greedy men had deceived Es’ston authorities, and warlords were promised lands and honour for their support. Even those who had only fought for fear, would desire recompense for their efforts, and Seatus would pay. Magen recoiled at the thought.
“You don’t know what you’re saying,” he said slowly, “Who was it that put all these ideas into your head anyway? Some one of your doctor friends, because you weren’t talking like this a few hours ago... You weren’t talking like this when I met you – you cried for vengeance then. A somewhat less righteous reason for warring...”
“What! How dare you! My mind is my own, I’m allowed to change. I was wrong then.” She declared haughtily.
“Well then you are also wrong now. It takes more guts to go out there and fight, just ask Ariot, to brave death for those we love, for our country, dare I say it, and for those who cannot protect themselves. Should we let murderers do their business because we might have to fight them and even kill them, to stop their killing? Pacifism is too simple, and the world is too broken for it. It’s true these are things a man should never have to do – but it’s all been twisted by the Evil One... But for now, we must defend...” Magen said coldly and evenly, not because he didn’t care, but because he was trying to control his temper. This temper had only escaped him a few times before, with his parents, and almost with Yicle – never had he dreamed that he would unleash it on Janessa. He was furious at this betrayal. He was almost ashamed, though he ought to have been heartily ashamed.
Janessa looked at him for a moment, she had become sullen, her eyes showing hatred. She seemed to search for a moment, perhaps for a rebuttal – then she began to cry.
“Oh I hate you!” She said the words which already showed on her face. She thumped him on the chest plate, incidentally hitting his injured shoulder. She sobbed, “Beast! Monster!”
Magen reached out and grabbed her wrists, and held them, despite a painful throbbing of both forearm and shoulder.
“NO! No I’m not, not yet. But if I am – it was for you...” He said softly.
“LEAVE ME ALONE!” Janessa screamed back in his face. Magen instantly let go of her arms. She turned away and buried her face in her hands. Magen looked around embarrassed now, aware that they had been ‘spectated’ upon. A doctor approached.
“I’m sorry sir – I’m going to have to ask you to leave. Your presence is disturbing the patients,” the doctor stressed in a rather officious tone. He scowled deeply at Magen. Magen glared back, sorely tempted to violence.
“Right, right – sorry Janessa...” he replied humbly, subjugating his emotion, “Sorry for shouting at you...”
Janessa did not reply, but instead began to walk away. As she did so, the doctor followed, putting an arm round her shoulders, consoling her.
Magen felt the anger seethe up inside him again. He felt Janessa had been stolen, corrupted and deceived. He stormed out of the ward, practically punching the door open despite himself. He stood outside for a moment, his fists clenched, breathing in and out heavily.
How could she be so illogical, so hypocritical, and emotional? The very thought of those falsely shed tears, tears for such a foolish ideal. Then he reflected on what had actually been said, on what he’d said. The whole argument ran through in his head again. Was he actually right? It burned. Was surrender so bad? Had he lost perspective – well yes he had, it was an argument after all. But were they as trapped in the vicious cycle as he thought? He knew what the Es’ston elite force was capable of, what if he had surrendered?
Would it have been better to have died than to entertain the ‘evil ones’? To play the sadistic game. Then they might have taken Solara, all the children and civilians handed over to the Es’stons. Was that any less entertaining the ‘evil ones’? If anything was it not more so, for they would have shown little love, little sense of justice…
Certainly surrender had not been the way out today. The way out, that seemed so attractive to the doctors, Janessa, and in a certain sense Ariot. It was thoroughly inapplicable idealism and romanticism, he decided again. So the arguments did their circular dance as Magen strove to fend off his doubts – the feeling that perhaps Janessa had been right. He willed again that the war, which he had no right to be part of, would be end – and that the greater, moral, human struggle could end also... Were his words justified?
Oh! He felt a deep welling lurch in the depths of his stomach. He eased it, passing a deep and heavy sigh, he slumped – he’d lost her. He had argued, shouted, verbally abused her, and he had even wrestled with her, been physically forcible. An action most abhorrent to him. Where now was his love? He had betrayed her as much – no, more – than she had him. She had merely expressed an alternative ideological outlook – and he had attacked, because it was not his own.
He rested on the wall of Ward A. He had feared, he had feared that they no longer understood each other. They were separated by a horrible gulf of ideas, it was as a wound cleaving his heart in two, and unbridgeable canyon running through his being. How he wanted to be on that side with her, but how also, could he not be. She was not his god, though he loved her much. They had lost the understanding they had had in the poetry by the sea – how would they ever gain it again.
But... This was selfishness, when there were men strewn about that never would be whole again, of which there was no chance of repair. His tortured feelings were nothing compared to their suffering, it had been a self-indulgence to go to Janessa in the first place. He had his duty to do – he was here to be captain of the Kuan-Aree, perhaps even by the will of Cru’athor. He was here for the simple reason of obtaining advice from his superior and mentor – Damoclus. Duty required that he switch off his heart – or he would be a cripple incapable of command. These concerns had to be dismissed, for his faculties were required for other purposes.
He straightened and set a determined and resolute, grim face. Now where would he find Damoclus? He was not in Ward A, where he had been directly after the tragedy with the command crew. Perhaps Saar’ha would know. He quickly located her, she stood by the mobile sterilisation unit, again cleaning her much used equipment. She turned as he approached, no doubt sensing his presence – in quite the unconventional manner.
“Yes?” she demanded, knowing she was about to be treated like a receptionist.
“Saar’ha, do you know where Damoclus might be?” Magen enquired.
“No, not exactly...” She replied cordially, “However, he might have been transferred to Ward D, the recovery ward. On the other hand,” she gestured carelessly, “He may number among the dead...”
Magen started, “No. No, surely not!” He believed it for a moment, that would explain why he was not in Ward A – and Janessa had mentioned that fighting had occurred there.
“I wouldn’t lament yet,” she raised one of her acute and darkly defined eyebrows, “It’s very likely he was moved.”
“Right!” Magen dashed off...
“No!” Saar’ha called after him, “It’s right next to Ward A!”
Yes, Magen reflected, Saar’ha at least did not blame him. But then he supposed only because she had never placed any faith in him. He turned right correcting his course. He shouldered the door of the ward open with his good side.
He sighed with relief as his eye fell on the mummified form of Damoclus, heaving with a tell-tale sign that he still drew breath. He had been wrapped in bandages, to shield his burns, even his face was obscured. Magen recognised him by his dumpy form more than anything else.
There was no chair by the bedside for him to sit on. He looked around for one, and soon spotted a stack of them in the corner of the ward. He lifted one awkwardly, the stack was high, and again he used his crippled arms. He noted with some surprise, the pain was now very slight. It seemed the shoulder he had walked around for a day and night in discomfort with, had suddenly decided to heal. He shook his head, mystified, his race did not have any more specialised healing mechanisms than the Seatons... At least not usually... Perhaps... No, that would require a far more complex action than any he had done before – there was something instinctive about it though...
The chair made a slight scraping noise across the terrazzo floor as he moved it to position. A grunt emanated from Damoclus, telling Magen that he was conscious, but desirous of sleeping. In his current discomfort, Magen supposed that sleep was unlikely anyway and saw little reason not to disturb him.
“Damoclus, are you awake?” he asked as sitting down. He waited a while for the response.
“Sleep gives us respite from our pains, and gives peace from our cares...” Damoclus grumbled quietly, “Yes, I am awake – but I won’t talk reason, I’m delirious you see...” He continued macabrely.
Magen sat silently. He wasn’t sure just how much someone who was delirious would be able to make the observation. It seemed the corners of Damoclus’ mouth twitched, as if in attempt to smile. Point ‘one’ went to Damoclus again.
“How did the masquerade go?” The mummy said in a rasp.
“It didn’t happen.”
“Ah.”
“Elshan was too slow. As it turned out, just being on the bridge was enough. - I’m not so sure masquerading as Rossi would have worked very well, now that I think on it... Nor very tasteful, he’s dead...”
“No... I suppose, you have honesty on your side too... as I said, I’m delirious,” Damoclus excused himself, “Could you fetch me a glass of water? My throat is a bit dry.”
Magen stood up and looked around, no glass on bedside cabinet, and only what looked like wash-hand sinks. There! He saw it, a water dispenser. He duly journeyed to the oasis and filled a disposable cup. He set it on the beside cabinet as he returned.
“Thank you,” Damoclus said sardonically as Magen relaxed in his seat, “Now can you help me up.”
“I’m not sure...” Magen muttered feeling inappropriate, “How about if I tilt the bed?”
Damoclus grunted. Magen took this as an assent to his proposal. He took the control by the beside and with the buzz of motors, tilted the head of the bed up. Damoclus gasped.
“Sorry,” Magen apologised.
“It’s okay, all in a good cause – I’m convinced they’ve forgotten about me,” he complained like an old man.
Magen was struck by it; how Damoclus seemed mostly unaffected by the injury – psychologically speaking. He seemed to regard it as little more than a minor inconvenience – yet he was suffering from some severe burns. He would probably never look quite the same – despite the skin regenerating techniques the Seatons possessed. Magen got the feeling that all these things bothered him more than Damoclus himself.
“I dare say they are quite preoccupied. There was a battle you know...” Magen responded, attempting to disguise the admiration he had for Damoclus’ attitude.
“The water,” Damoclus reminded.
Magen drew his chair closer and offered the cup to Damoclus’ lips – who took a delicate sip.
“Ah...” he gasped in relief, “Yes, it’s funny. I was half asleep when it broke out here. It thought at first that it was just a dream. Then it turned out to be reality... Two of your men held this room...” he took another few sips, “Exceptionally well trained. Should give them medals,” It seemed the water had done much to abate Damoclus’ rasp, though Magen could tell it was still painful to speak, he seemed to linger on the full stops. “Tell me how the battle went...”
“Nightmarish,” Magen said, “I lost control down here... the Es’stons retreated in the end. We won, in a manner of speaking, or at least those of us living.”
Damoclus slurped at the water, “You saved the ship then. You’ve probably done Solara an honour.”
“I’m not sure I really care for honours and medals,” Magen said dryly.
“No...” There was silence for a while, broken only by Damoclus’ drinking noises, and the occasional moan of a patient, set against the distant background of the fervent activity which occupied the hospital staff. “So why have you come?”
“I need your advice,” Magen explained.
“I thought so...” Damoclus gave another of those weak twitchy smiles.
“I’ve been made captain of the Kuan-Aree, more or less. We had a meeting – the Chief Engineer delegated his powers to me,” Magen paused in case Damoclus had a comment to make – it appeared not. “We need to contact High command you see – to tell us how to proceed, but that would require a report...”
“Report?” Damoclus interrogated, “Why should you need to contact High Command?”
“Our situation has changed... I thought perhaps...” Magen trailed off, suddenly feeling that their meeting would have seemed quite ridiculous to Damoclus – like children bickering in a playground over a few marbles. They were a bunch of comical, ‘fresh-behind-the-ears’ novices.
“No – you have your orders. I hope the cargo is still intact... Can you tip it up a bit more?” he finished referring to the cup, the water level had receded beyond his ability to sip. “High Command will have little interest in your reports or position right now, you won’t get a response.”
“Proceed to Solara then... but I don’t know what we’re supposed to do once we get there...” Magen said weakly. Everyone wanted to go back to Terranch. Everyone felt that having struck with difficulty and taken the blows that it was time to go home, including himself.
“There will be sealed orders in Marshal Salira Versan’s quarters. They will tell you what to do...” he explained.
“I don’t quite see how we’re going to enter a besieged city...” Magen protested vaguely, he wasn’t quite prepared to give up that fantasy of returning to Terranch yet.
“Spare my voice, and read the orders. Solara has many secrets...” The last of the water slipped down Damoclus’ throat.
“I will have to submit a report eventually – if I tell the whole truth...”
“About the spy...” Damoclus said sharply.
“Yes... The division will be disbanded and our careers ruined...”
“Quite possibly...”
“Should I lie?” Magen asked directly, almost ashamed that he even considered it.
“What does the essence of your being tell you?”
“No.”
“You are an honest person,” Damoclus said wryly, “What does prudence and diplomacy suggest?” he quizzed.
“Yes.”
“Logic, reason and strategy?”
“No. Disbanding the division is the most likely way to catch the spy, and keeping all the men from where they could do great harm makes sense too,” Magen felt inclined to justify.
“I agree – and what does your care for the people in your division suggest?”
“Aaah – yes – I feel inclined to lie to protect their futures; but I dearly wish they were happy to sacrifice it for the others, whom we don’t know, but of which there are many more than us.
“I see... You must make your own decision,” he said sagely. It seemed again there was a flicker of a smile.
“What! What kind of advice is that?!” Magen launched up agitatedly.
“You don’t need any more advice – you need to make a decision.” Damoclus seemed oddly excited about this idea, it told in his battle scarred voice. “Lower my bed again, please.” Magen duly did so.
He sat back down then, and considered a moment. Damoclus clearly felt it was important that he made this decision himself. He was pushing him out of the nest... He would have to make his own decision. He licked his dry lips. Damoclus was not giving him that miracle answer he hoped for.
“I see,” he let out a deep breath.
“Before you go... fill up the cup again...” Damoclus intimated the interview was at a close. “Don’t worry,” he said as Magen made his way to the water dispenser again, “It will be a while before the report is required.”
“It won’t do you much good,” Magen said as he returned with the refill.
“If I get desperate, it will be far more retrievable from my bedside cabinet, than from the dispenser on the other side of the room.”
“Ah. - Well I should be going...”
“I’m sure you are a busy man.”
Magen smiled, “I can’t help feeling that you must have something to do with it.”
Damoclus gave a sharp laugh, it was quite dissimilar to his usual, in that it trailed off into a moan. It had caused him some pain, he seemed to gasp for breath. He seemed to master it then after a few moments, but he remained silent, with his eyes closed.
“Right.” Magen stood up to leave. He began to walk away, he spun round then – something was still weighing on his mind. “Damoclus?”
“Mmh,” he grunted.
“Why does the creator send us suffering?”
“Magen – that question does not have a simple answer,” Damoclus said reluctantly, “It has many answers, and I don’t know all of them. You don’t have the time, and I don’t have the voice or the strength... We can talk again sometime...”
“Hmm.”
“I’ll let you know what I learn...” He referred to his own current suffering, which he seemed to take with a light heart.
Magen shook his head, disheartened. “Thanks...” he said sadly and began to walk away towards the door.
“Magen...” Damoclus said in a ‘stage shout’.
“What?”
“When you give an order... do your men always understand?”
“No – not at all. I do try though, to make them understand,” Magen replied, thinking this a critique of his command. “Sometimes, even, they seem incapable of understanding,” he added in his defence.
“And why do you suppose they follow orders they don’t understand?” Damoclus said in a philosophical air.
“Well,” Magen shrugged, “Either because they have confidence in my understanding, they are indoctrinated to follow my orders, or they are in fear of the consequences of not following my orders.” Magen did not quite see where Damoclus was going.
“Yes, em... we’ll go with the first reason – it’s probably the best and most effective... What would have happened in the battle, do you think, if your men had not had faith in you...” Damoclus went on.
“Ah – I suppose utter chaos, we would have lost the ship.”
“Too true... Sometimes, you see, we don’t understand things – even things that can be understood, yet there are even things that we can’t understand. Unless we have faith in our commander, we pave the way for chaos and destruction...”
“Right.”
“That’s the short answer.”
“Thanks,” Magen said shortly, he picked up the chair, noting that he shouldn’t leave it lying about. “I’ll pop in later to make sure you’re watered and fed.”
“Huh,” he grunted disdainfully, “Go on now – I want some sleep...”
Magen returned the chair to its stack as he left. He checked the time. He would probably have to delegate the checking of the security camera footage.
Ariot wiggled the handle of the command deck armoury up and down – but to little effect other than to create an empty and almost desolate rattling sound.
“It’s jammed,” he decreed.
“Yes,” Yicle agreed, “Here let me have a go.” He brushed Ariot out of the way.
“It won’t do any good,” said Ariot, offended that Yicle should think that his efforts might achieve what he had not.
Yicle held the handle down, and then hurled himself at the armoury door with a force that Ariot could most certainly not have mustered at this point in time.
“The frame has warped,” Ariot explained, also giving a look which said they both knew quite well why that was.
“Don’t worry, I’ll get it open,” Yicle said in defiance of Ariot’s decries of the ‘impossible’. He drew his viper and aimed at the door handle, in traditional fashion. Ariot caught his arm.
“No, aim at the hinges...”
“Right,” Yicle let out a breath. He aimed with an oblique angle -having applied his brain to the problem- to avoid damaging any of the interior, or its occupants. He let loose a few shots on the three sturdy hinges. They bubbled and dribbled away as expected. Grasping the handle then, Yicle rammed the door. It creaked inwards, but, Yicle had misjudged the weight, and it began to pull him with it. He staggered, then relinquished his hold, not desiring to come in contact with the hot metal on the other side, even though he was wearing armour that could have potentially absorbed a direct shot from a viper, never mind the hot metal. His face though was still unprotected, and the action was largely instinctive.
“Yeow!” He yelped as the door slammed on to the floor.
“I could have told you that you didn’t have enough of a mechanical advantage...” Ariot grumbled.
Yicle gave a benevolent and slightly demeaning smile, as if to say, ‘so why didn’t you tell me?’. He leapt into the room then. The sight which greeted the pair, was by now nothing new; black twisted metal, and black twisted bodies. The command deck armoury itself was little more than a glorified weapons locker about the size of your typical guest bedroom (a glorified closet). Filling the end of the room, facing the door, was a sort of alcove of black and contorted shelves in a ‘U’ shape. In front of this was the desk where the armoury’s steward would stand. Currently he lay before it in a crumpled heap.
Yicle noted a guard beside the door, he stooped down beside him. He unclipped his right gauntlet, and shoved it under his arm. With ginger delicacy, he unfastened the guard’s helmet, and felt around the neck for a pulse.
Ariot coughed, the air was foul, “Dead?” he asked.
Yicle shook his head, “No,” it seemed he was quite in disbelief. He hit his comm, “Yicle Daret, we need a Med-team... Where?... Command Deck Armoury... You know where it is – good...” he closed comms and shrugged.
“He must have escaped the brunt of the blast...” Ariot commented. “Between his armour, the counter there and the direction of the blast...” he left it at that.
“Yes,” Yicle agreed, “Better check the others...” He walked over to the steward – his face blanched. He was only thankful that the light was so poor, the room only being lit by the ambient splash flowing from the corridor. “This one must have died instantly,” he muttered, the steward had worn no armour.
Yicle circled round the counter. The second guard – there would always be at least two, one has no-one else to be accountable to – he lay there pressed to the other side of the desk. It was too dark to see. Yicle took out the tiny bright torch that he had clipped to his belt, he switched it on.
One glance through the visor told him that this guard was also dead. “Dead!” he declared for Ariot to know. Ariot remained standing by the doorway – he was understandably reluctant to further commit himself to this coffin of a room. “Here Ariot, take a look around,” Yicle tossed the miniature torch, which Ariot caught mutely. “See what you can discover... I’ll watch over this one...” Yicle returned to the side of the first guard. He checked the rather weak pulse again.
Ariot deliberated, he felt a knot in his stomach, he had already seen the light of the torch flicker over the grisly sights. But this was silly, he had seen worse in shipyard accidents. Yicle looked up at him enquiringly. Ariot pulled himself together, and began his scrutiny of the room without further ado.
“How do you suppose the spy gained entry here?” he asked as he made his way to the back of the room.
“Hmm... Perhaps during loading, he determined which crate of power cells would be brought to the armoury... Then he could have swapped it...” Yicle proposed.
“Security was pretty tight on the docks...”
“Well, dressed in armour he wouldn’t have been too conspicuous...”
“True,” Ariot consented, he flashed the torch along the shelves, unsure of what exactly he was looking for, “However,” he waggled a finger, as the thought occurred to him, “I doubt there was any particular crate designated for the command deck. This place is probably just stocked from the main one...”
“Yes,” Yicle checked the guard’s pulse again.
“I don’t really know what Magen expects us to find here,” Ariot complained, nevertheless, or perhaps because of this, Ariot peered over every square inch of ground.
Yicle waved a hand vaguely, “Witnesses?”
“Yes,” Ariot mused, “And these might not be them, which would be fortunate... what shift do you think the power cells were brought here?”
Yicle considered this for a while, “It think it must have happened yesterday afternoon – shortly after we arrived, otherwise the spy wouldn’t have got the command staff after firing practice.”
“And when did that happen?” Ariot had found the remnants of a power cell, which though unnecessary, he placed it in his pocket, as if to justify his poring over the debris.
“Yes, well, the day staff had theirs yesterday evening, coming off duty, and the night staff, sometime this morning...” Yicle explained.
“How on earth do you know all that?” Ariot asked surprised.
“Elementary,” Yicle began flamboyantly, “I had to find out why Salira had to leave my arms yesterday evening, only an hour after she came off duty...”
“Hmph,” Ariot grunted.
“You could of course check the logs, every piece of equipment that goes in or out of an armoury would have to be accounted for...” Yicle said brilliantly.
“Ah yes – but the console is ruined...” Do you know where I can get codes to access the main computer?”
“Chief Engineer, Magen – or Tyr’uc. I imagine though the logs can be read by anyone...”
Ariot opened up his wristlet, and began to browse the Kuan-Aree’s mainframe. A few searches soon turned up the relevant records. Yicle had been right, no code was required to view them. Ariot smiled at reading the file – here at least was another lead, another pin to nail the spy.
“Twenty-three minutes past three precisely, yesterday, a member of the Kuan-Aree’s maintenance staff, named Silas Buirkellen, signed for a crate of power cells!” Now he could figure out who was on duty in the armoury at that time. He plunged back into the records, there was no way a roster sheet was going to be secured! Which also meant worryingly, the spy had the same access – without any hacking.
“Oh damn!” Yicle exclaimed.
“What?!”
“I’ve lost his pulse!” he felt around for a bit, then convinced that the guard had indeed suffered a heart failure; he whipped off his other gauntlet, dropping them on the floor, he worked for a moment to detach the man’s chest plate – he did not waste a second. He pulled the guard round and laid him out on his back, immediately he began chest compressions, according to PAP to keep his circulation going. After the requisite number, he quickly stripped away the guards face mask.
“Can I do anything to help?” Ariot asked, horrified by the suddenness of the crisis.
“Get that med-team up here!” Yicle barked, then not wasting another breath, he pinched the man’s nose and exhaled powerfully into his mouth. He watched his chest fall again, and repeated. He felt for breath and a pulse – nothing. He resumed the action on his chest.
Meanwhile Ariot commed, giving an update on the situation – the man in charge of the hospital comms responded saying that a team would be up right away. Then Ariot had nothing to do but watch Yicle operate the dying man’s respiratory and circulatory system – he could not himself yet kneel, so there was no chance of relieving Yicle.
It was a good ten minutes later that a team of four flurried around the afflicted man. Though urgent, they had taken their time, everything today was urgent and the command deck was far from where the main body of action had taken place. A doctor asked Yicle a few questions, while the team attempted to restart the man’s heart. Yicle responded simply and directly, then having satisfied him, he stepped back to join Ariot.
“Come on,” he said grimly to Ariot, “There’s nothing more for us to do here...”
They exited the room.
“Do you think he’ll survive?” Ariot asked.
Yicle shrugged, “I don’t know any better than you... Now...”
“Yes, I was just checking to see who was on duty when the power cells were delivered... It was that lot in there.” They walked vaguely in the direction of the lift, “So that man is the only living witness in all probability – nobody else had transactions in the armoury at that time, as you might expect,” Ariot related.
“Hmm, yes, everyone was enjoying their free time – including the spy...” Glancing back Yicle saw the med-team emerge from the armoury. He flattened against the wall, and pressed Ariot against it too. The med-team jogged past with the man on the stretcher, Ariot and Yicle watched then disappear into the lift... Yicle shook his head sadly, no doubt suspecting the end result.
“Where are we heading now?” Ariot pondered.
“Secondary bridge of course!”
Ariot had to think about this for a moment, “Ah yes, to question the Guards...”
“And locate Mr. Buirkellen – we’ll use the security console,” Yicle said.
“We won’t find him of course.”
“No.”
“A corpse in Kalhar...”
“Perhaps – we might find his wristlet though...” Yicle suggested hopefully.
“You think it was hacked?” Ariot said sceptically.
“It can be done can’t it?”
“Ye-es...”
“Then we must assume that it has been done, what other way is there to get past the security systems and impersonate someone semi-official?” Yicle decided.
The Kuan-Aree was of course equipped with a ‘touch map’. The only way to make it along her corridors undetected was to either sabotage the security systems, or walk along the walls – in which case you still had cameras and people to deal with. The duo were both quite aware of this.
“So that’s how it was done – you don’t suppose he deliberately timed it to eliminate those witnesses, they could have given some sort of physical description...”
“Hmm – let’s hope he’s been foiled in that, if that man survives, we may have him yet!” Yicle clenched his fist meaningfully.
The secondary bridge, since Magen had left, had become a humdrum of activity. Fitters, engineers and workmen seemed to waltz about the place in some cleverly choreographed ballet or musical – though occasionally the reports, or barks of Ogher made it seem more like an opera. The secondary bridge was now the primary bridge, the only bridge. The operators were busy repairing it, so that it could be fully functional again.
Ogher had also filled the bridge with other suitable personnel from the crews’ repertoire – to fill all the roles recently vacated. It was not only on the bridge that Ogher filled holes either, in his current work, he stumbled across many such empty posts – and with a little discussion and consultation, Ogher would track down a stand-in.
“Ariot!” Ogher exclaimed as the investigative pair wandered in, after being briefly accosted by the Guards Ogher had obtained. “It’s good to see you up and about,” he marched over, leaving the table in the centre of the room, surrounded by newly appointed co-ordinators, tacticians and advisers. “I’m sure you’ll be fit for duty in no time!” Ogher received an unhappy look as he clapped him on the shoulder, “Maybe you could help the men over there fit the new tactical display... they seem somewhat hapless.” There was indeed some debate occurring over the new tactical display, which had been hauled up from storage. As it turned out, typically, someone had ordered and stored the wrong model, which was not exactly compatible.
“Sorry Ogher, we’re already occupied,” Yicle explained lightly.
“Yes,” Ariot confirmed.
“So what are you up to then?” Ogher enquired.
Yicle tapped his nose to imply it was a secret – or rather test Ogher’s patience.
“Magen has us investigating the traces left by the spy...” Ariot said, seeing that Yicle was not giving a very fair answer.
“What brings you up here then?”
“Well, there was some suggestion that the spy needed physical access to the navigation systems... And we need to use the security console to track down a member of the crew.”
“Mmm, yes, we have Tyr’uc and a few others from engineering trying to sort out that mess he’s left behind – I’m afraid I’m quite busy, do you mind if I leave you to it...” Ogher replied, there were a number of persons begging his attention.
“No problem,” Yicle said cheerfully.
Ogher returned to the table, where once again he was snowed under by fifty million questions from crew members in borrowed robes, ill experienced and uncertain, with the tasks given to them. Ariot and Yicle heard him declare several times, that people should use their own initiative – in none too pleasant a manner.
“Let’s track down this wristlet first,” Ariot stepped over to the quite abandoned security console. He gave the console a peremptory scrutiny. Yicle drew up behind him. Ariot browsed a few menus, using the touchpad, placed alongside a typing board. He seemed confounded by it.
“Is that it?” Yicle suggested a particular button. Ariot shook his head. “Here, we’ll get Tyr’uc – he knows how to work these things,” Yicle proposed.
“No, no, I can find it...” Ariot protested.
“Tyr’uc!” Yicle called, “Could you help us here a moment?”
Tyr’uc looked up from his work over at the navigational instrumentation. For a moment he was aggravated by this disturbance, then he saw the better of it. He bounded up the steps.
“What is it you want me to do?” he demanded. He motioned that Ariot should allow him to access the console. Ariot stepped aside reluctantly.
“We’d like to locate someone – a Mr. Buirkellen, one of the maintenance staff...” Yicle related. He leaned on the back of the chair as Tyr’uc took seat in. Tyr’uc seemed to hesitate a moment.
“Er – right... Shouldn’t be a problem – though you could try comming him...” Tyr’uc studied the main. He ran the appropriate application, which prompted him for a security clearance code, which he seemed to know already. “Do you have a first name?”
“What was it again Ariot?”
“Silas...” Ariot responded.
Tyr’uc filled out the search form, and submitted it with additional details of ‘Kuan-Aree’ and so on. He was perplexed to see he received an error message, “...Out of range or not responding,” Tyr’uc read out, “Hmm, try the comms then.”
Yicle waved a hand, “No point, he’s dead, or at least separated from his wristlet – our spy must have destroyed it then...”
Ariot nodded, “There are bound to be remains of it somewhere – we should search for it, he might have left some DNA or even, though I doubt it, fingerprints.”
“I’m not sure that’s of much use unless he’s a legitimate Seaton citizen,” Yicle said.
“I’m sure we have his fingerprints, and possibly DNA, if he joined the Guard he couldn’t risk the records not tying up with reality. The wristlet is evidence too, and furthermore, he might not have been able to get rid of it...”
“Waste disposal!” Yicle propounded.
“The bins might not have been collected yet...” Ariot protested.
“Every deck has a direct waste disposal unit – it’s instantly dumped in the sea, except, I guess, when in port,” Yicle explained.
“True,” Ariot gave up, Yicle was right, that line of enquiry was at an end. The only chance now was that the body of the man in question would turn up, and that the assassin had left some trace on him. He had little doubt though, that Mr. Buirkellen lay at the bottom of the sea, as did his wristlet, several leagues away.
“Can I leave you then and get back to my work?” Tyr’uc swivelled round so that Yicle had to raise his arm.
“Yes... yes, you can go...” Yicle said imperiously. Tyr’uc bit his lip resisting a response. He rose and returned to his pottering with the navigation systems.
“We’ll question these guards then,” Ariot sighed, implying he wished Yicle take the lead in this.
The guards in question were still on the bridge, sitting in the seats Curiba and Slick had placed them in before the Kuan-Aree’s dive. Of the two, only one had regained consciousness. He sat clutching his head – he had removed his sweaty helmet... Seeing there was not much room to spare in that area of the bridge, Yicle beckoned the man over.
“You there!” he called, not knowing the guard’s name, “Come here!”
With and expression of puzzlement the Guard stood up, and joined them. Yicle indicated he should sit in the chair.
“We’re just going to ask you a few questions...” Somehow the guard perceived a menace in this, which showed on his face.
“We’ve been commissioned by acting Captain Magen Agasan to investigate the circumstances by which access was gained to this room and how the Kuan-Aree’s course was therefore altered,” Ariot said officiously, and seriously, seeing that an explanation was in order to set the guard at his ease.
“I take it everything has been explained to you at this stage...” Yicle said austerely, taking on the role of an interrogator.
The guard nodded, “I wish they had just said what they were wanting to do though...” he grumbled.
“Good, and what is your name?” Yicle asked.
“Robert Gumell of Kalhar.”
“Ariot could you write that down...”
Ariot in response, complied, taking out his stylus and scribbling into his wristlet.
“Now tell me, last night what occurred during your watch... did anyone gain entry to the bridge?”
“No sir, no-one, except Mr. Derell with his fire extinguisher,” he added ruefully.
“I see...” That was one of those things interrogators said. Yicle appeared to muse, it was all just a stage play to him of course, he enjoyed acting.
“Well then,” Ariot entered the arena, “Who was on duty before your watch? And did you see them come off duty?”
“Why? What... yes of course! When you come on duty you have sign in with the previous watch! Otherwise there would be a moment where there would be nobody on duty and someone who’d been watching would be able to slip in,” the Guard spoke initially excitedly and certainly, but under the stares of Ariot and Yicle his tone became more even, and by the end he fidgeted nervously with his hands.
“Their names man!” Yicle exclaimed with seeming impatience, “The names of the guards who were on duty before you...” he leaned forward. Ariot rested a hand on his shoulder, giving him a look suggesting he was overdoing it.
“Well, em, they would be, eh... Guard Surness, and er, Guard Mobly – I think, but you can always check the roster...” he added helpfully. Somehow Ariot had only served to convince Gumell that Yicle was a dangerous man to get on the wrong side of.
“Thank you,” said Yicle in a manner that would have instantly got him a job in the Department of Internal Investigations. “That will be all for now...”
“As long as you’re sure those Guards really were present for a changeover...” Ariot warned.
“Oh yes, we even exchanged a word or two...” Gumell said in attempt to reassure them of his honesty, which the pair for some reason seemed to doubt. Yicle waved his dismissal, and he returned to his seat beside his unconscious comrade.
“Let’s check up on the previous watch then...” Yicle declared, sitting in front of the console.
“I imagine he pulled the same trick then,” Ariot said, “Under the guise of maintenance crew he gained entry to the bridge with some story perhaps about it needing cleaned...”
Yicle raised an eyebrow, “I suppose, and it probably happened in the previous watch – I see no reason why Gumell should lie.”
“If he were bribed - that would guarantee his silence also,” Ariot lowered his voice for fear of being heard and causing unwarranted offence. “Or the guards weren’t there for a changeover, having been murdered, and Gumell did not want to be accused of being negligent in his duty. He probably thought his pals had just gone off early, and didn’t want to give them away. Perhaps he was even late, and doubly so didn’t want to attract attention to the changeover.”
“Why do you so quickly jump to the conclusion that the guards were murdered?”
“This is acting First Officer Ogher Derell here,” Ogher announced over the ship-wide intercom, strangely echoed as he was standing only a few paces away. “We’re going to attempt to levitate in one minute, please brace yourselves and strap in tight, in case we fail,” he finished.
“Sir?” the current comms officer broached.
“Yes?”
“The hospital staff are requesting a half hour delay, sir, so that they can prepare...”
Ogher appeared to consider a moment, “Tell them they’ve got five minutes, and that we’re taking on water, and if we don’t attempt it soon, we severely reduce the chances of our being able to do it at all,” he said stiffly.
“Right sir!”
Ogher made the appropriate announcement then in amendment of his plans. His comm flashed then, he answered.
“Hello Magen!”
“Right – em – thanks for warning me about the impending lift off. It thought I said to keep me updated on the repairs...” Magen seemed a bit put out.
“Sorry, it’s been busy up here...”
“Fine, I understand. I was just calling to check up... should you get Saar’ha up there in readiness...” Magen seemed to be hurrying his speech.
“Sure, so where are we going?” Ogher enquired gruffly.
“Solara,” Magen said definitively.
Ogher looked at him for a moment – there was no appeal, he could see resolve, Magen had made up his mind.
“Right then,” Ogher sighed.
“I know, I know – I would love to head back to Terranch too, but we have a mission to carry out...”
“Mmh,” Ogher nodded unhappily, “The crew aren’t going to like it.”
“Since when was an army run by democracy?!” Magen demanded angrily, then he calmed himself, “Are Yicle and Ariot there?”
“Yes,” Ogher jerked his head in the direction of the pair, who happened to be listening in.
“Tell them to check out the security cameras – I didn’t get the chance... I’ll see you at lunch after my meeting. Assuming we don’t arrive at another crisis. I’m counting on you Ogher to keep it together – Magen out.”
“Did you hear what he said?” Ogher asked the pair of detectives. Yicle nodded. “Good,” and he plunged back into the hurly burly of running the ship.
“What were you saying again?” Ariot asked, refocusing on the task at hand.
“Er – yes... I don’t know why you assumed murder so quickly.”
“Well, the spy has clearly no regard for Seaton life, and the guards would have seen his face. He’s already demonstrated that he doesn’t want witnesses, so why not?” Ariot rolled his hand through the air, showing that he considered this very obvious reasoning.
“He would have risked our friend Gumell raising the alarm... That might have given the whole game away. Don’t forget, to get us well off course the sabotage had to occur sometime yesterday evening after having lost sight of the coast. Anyway we can solve this simply with a comm...” Yicle explained with equal simplicity. He commed...
“No reply,” Ariot said a slight smugly.
“Hmm,” Yicle typed one of the names into the form Tyr’uc had left up. A moment later a floor plan of the very deck they were on appeared with a little green dot, and overlay gave the deck, room number, and global position co-ordinate.
“Why... why that’s the toilets – just round the corner,” Ariot said with surprise.
“Well we don’t want to disturb him in there – let’s find where this other fellow is. - My! I never realised before how little our privacy is respected by the government!” Yicle said lightly, he entered the other name, “Hello, hello – there’s something odd here, both in the same place...”
“And why would they be on this deck anyway, so long after their watch,” Ariot said, being fairly sure of the truth.
“Yes! ...we’d better investigate!” Yicle stood up. A countdown timer began blaring out in a peculiar electronic voice, that there were thirty seconds to go.
“If you don’t mind, I’ll sit down,” Ariot indicated the chair.
“Sure.” Yicle stood up and let him have it. He held on to the console. Ariot sat down, leg prostrate, and buckled himself in, then he engaged the swivel lock as an extra precaution.
The bridge went silent. Time ran out... An alarm sounded, red lights flashed... Everyone waited silently with bated breath in tense anticipation of catastrophe or success, or even complete disappointment... It seemed the last... Nothing happened - at least so it appeared. A murmuring began. Ogher held up his hand to silence the crew. A man with sharp ears, on the quiet of the deck – a man who was looking for it, might just have heard a hum, or throb of the grav engines... Ogher stood for at least a minute just listening, his face lightened. He hit the comms to the engine room.
“Well?” he demanded, “Are we levitating?”
The Engineer shrugged, “Should be, assuming we haven’t taken on too much water – the engines running grand... Check your navigational equipment.”
“Yes! Yes!” Tyr’uc jumped up, “We’re airborne!!”
“Thank you.” Ogher closed the comms. He lowered his thumb on the intercom button seriously, and spoke into the microphone, “Just to confirm; we are airborne.” He casually let his heavy thumb off the button as the crew began the usual cheering and back slapping. He merely sighed with relief, the hospital patients would be okay. Once the cheers died down, he sent for Saar’ha. She was the most qualified, and experienced pilot and navigator on board.
Ariot and Yicle promptly left the bridge on hearing confirmation that there would be no further turbulence or instability of the ship. They made their way down the corridor Ogher and company had come up that morning. They arrived at the bathrooms where Ogher had made an embarrassing wrong turn.
“You first,” Ariot gestured.
“Right,” Yicle took a deep breath and plunged through the doors of the men’s. He held it for Ariot while he pushed the second door in. They looked into an empty room, except for a lonely and stark cleaning trolley that had been left at the far wall. It seemed terribly cold and deathly, the harsh tiled floor, chill blue walls and reek of cleaning agents.
There were four cubicles, three of which were open – one, occupied. Ariot had a funny feeling that the occupant, or occupants, were not living. Yicle strode directly over and knocked on the door. There was no reply, Yicle shrugged, indicating his suspicions were similar to Ariot’s.
“Open it up,” Ariot said gravely.
Yicle rammed it with his shoulder, but it didn’t budge.
“Cut the hinges with your sword then.”
“Good idea, but first...” Yicle lifted himself up and peered over into the cubicle, which of course did not extend all the way to the ceiling.
“Well?”
“Well, they’re dead,” he reached an arm in – there was a clatter of armour hitting the tiles. Then there was a click as Yicle undid the latch... It still wasn’t good enough, the door was jammed by the body that lay on the other side.
“Lift the door up – it should unhook from its hinges,” Ariot directed after a momentary analysis of the door.
Yicle did so, pushing it up from the bottom. Instantly he felt the weight against it. He lifted the door away, the corpse flopped out, on its back, head first. He set the door down, and had a look. There were no obvious signs of injury...
“His neck is broken...” Yicle stated. Then he ventured into the cubicle to investigate the other body. A moment later Yicle stepped out, his hands bloody. He walked over to the sink. He detached his gauntlets, and ran them under the tap. He rubbed them clean, then washed his hands. He flicked the water off them. The disposable towels had run out. He left his gauntlets on the counter which the sink was mounted in.
“So?” Ariot asked expectantly after this silent and morbid operation was complete.
“Have a look yourself. Don’t worry, it’s quite neatly done,” Yicle said frivolously.
Ariot glanced inside, “...Stabbed through the heart... up underneath the breastplate...”
“Aye, he left the murder weapon too – not that it would be of much use,” Yicle pointer to the floor, “I had to fish it out of the toilet, not that it’ll be much use to us.”
“A fairly ordinary flick knife,” Ariot decided.
“Yes, it could have been bought practically anywhere...” Yicle shrugged suggesting he was not surprised.
“Makes sense... We’ll have to have some forensics go round the place...” Ariot sighed, knowing the spy would not have left a thing.
“What are they going to find?” Yicle demanded, “A guard in armour leaves few traces. Heck! There’s bound to have been at least a dozen pass through here, we’d have to interrogate all of them.”
“There might be a trace left on his armour though...” Ariot mused.
Yicle shook his head, “So?? There are hundreds of Guards walking around with blood spattered armour, are you going to have them all tested?”
“If he left any DNA here, we’d have him!”
“If he was stupid enough to leave it – it’s not that easy to find a piece of viable DNA, even when someone isn’t being careful.”
“Still it’s worth the forensics for it, there is some chance...”
Yicle snorted disdainfully, in a despairing manner. Ariot became downcast, he looked piteously at the bodies – surely justice could be done...
“How on earth are we going to catch this fiend then?!” Ariot demanded angrily, hopelessly. He leaned back on the wall. “He’s just too slick, too clever...”
Yicle walked silently over to the cleaning trolley. He seemed to contemplate it for a moment. He picked up a few of the cleaning materials, mildly investigating. He lifted up the ‘curtain’ that hid the items below. He shifted it round to look at the other side. Ariot looked at him, Yicle shrugged. Then seeing Ariot’s disheartened face, he shook his head apologetically, “No, no, I’m sorry Ariot, you and Magen are right – we should pursue every little detail that covers the actions of the spy. He can’t be perfect after all!”
“Yes!” Ariot latched on to this remembered truth, “He’s not the perfect spy, impossible. Yes! We can catch him out, we’ve got to catch him,” he said forcefully, “Despicable wretch! We’ll hound him, perhaps he’ll slip up, or at the very least we’ll give him something to think about. No point in making it easy!” He thumped his fist, full of vengeance and justice in his cupped hand, with a glimmer in his eye. Next to mechanics and physics, justice, was Ariot’s favourite subject. Order was beautiful.
“Absolutely!” Yicle agreed, slightly less enthusiastically, but impressed by this display of fervour. “Now, let’s think... Why did he kill these Guards – and how? It’s no mean feat to take on two men at once...” Yicle glanced about, then marched out into the corridor; shortly he returned, “I thought so!” he declared.
“Thought what?”
“The guards weren’t killed at their posts!” Seeing Ariot still at the disadvantage, he continued, “I found some traces, smears of blood, just outside, but none along the corridor leading from the secondary bridge. He can’t have dragged a bleeding corpse all the way from the secondary bridge without leaving the traces!”
Ariot digested this a moment. “It would be difficult to lure a guard from his post,” he looked down at the corpses, “Let’s leave this room for now. I feel uncomfortable discussing these things so close to a corpse,” he said uneasily.
“Sure,” Yicle held the door open, and the stepped out into the corridor. “See, there, and there.” Yicle indicated. Ariot looked along the corridor, but a cursory glance told him the blood had been spilt right before him. Though there were only the merest of traces. His mind buzzed actively, building and stringing the details together, “Perhaps... one of the Guards went to relive himself – he was surprised and the spy broke his neck, saving the knife for the other, who would of course come looking for his companion after his prolonged absence...” he hypothesised on the fly. “However... It seems unlikely that security should depend on the strength of a Guard’s bladder...” he added seriously.
Yicle burst out laughing, inappropriately of course, “Oh! Oh! Sorry!” he cried, restraining himself, “It was just how you said that... furrowed brow and the deep grave voice!” he imitated what he had seen and heard, “Sorry... yes, you’re right of course. That is an unlikely scenario. I don’t think our ‘Atilbe’ would lay his plans based on the likelihood of that happening either... no... no. He would leave little up to chance... No, I think these guards were off duty when they were assaulted... He must have taken them at the same time, difficult though that is, otherwise, why not knife both of them?” Yicle revealed in part his thoughts.
“You think Robert Gumell was telling the truth then?” Ariot seemed surprised.
“Oh yes, otherwise the spy risked him raising the alarm, unlikely as that is. But, can you see ‘Atilbe’ being satisfied with that? Anything might have happened in the ensuing paranoia, somebody having a closer look at a power cell, a closer look at navigation, the engine room... Not to mention it would be so much more difficult to sneak about unnoticed then.
“Well a bribe then?”
“Oh you are determined to think ill of the man! A bribe is just as risky, Gumell might have double crossed him, even given away his identity...”
“And you complain of me thinking ill of him! I never said he was a double-crosser. Anyway, I was merely considering all the possibilities!” Ariot interrupted, before Yicle could say more. He already knew what he had just suggested was ludicrous.
“Well, besides, why would he have killed the other two guards...”
“You have a little story all made up don’t you!” Ariot smiled.
“I have a theory...”
“Go on then.”
“Okay, here goes... ‘Atilbe’ already has and effectual disguise, right?”
Ariot nodded.
“Well, dressed as maintenance crew, he approaches the bridge. Perhaps he used the cleaning trolley in there...”
“Aaah,” Ariot had a revelation.
“To add to the illusion, no doubt, and to hide his face, should he, by chance unavoidably meet someone in the corridor. He’ll have checked the rosters, to know approximately when cleaning really occurs... The guards of course, let him pass, and in further confirmation there is nothing suspicious about him, maybe he even engages in a bit of small talk and banter. Then, entering the appropriate code, he is in the secondary bridge. I’m sure Tyr’uc will be able to explain exactly what he did there once he’s done undoing it...
“Anyway, then, having spent a convincing amount of time there, he leaves. He heads straight for the toilets, that is where he has changed into the disguise undoubtedly – and it’s no very strange thing for a cleaner to lock up the toilets. I imagine it is the same routine he has previously deployed; the guard armour is the ultimate disguise. He can go from A to B, and no-one can trace his path, unless they log the movement of his wristlet. If someone asks, ‘Did a guard from division 662 pass this way?’, all they can reply, is that a guard passed.” Yicle said brilliantly.
“That is true... and I think even logging wristlet movement is illegal – though I’m sure the Department of Internal Investigations do it all the time,” Ariot added.
“Mmh... Now,” Yicle carried on, “Once in his armour, he simply waits for the guards to come off duty. He’s checked the times on the roster, we both know how easy that is...”
“Yes, and I begin to think that kind of thing should be a bit more secure, but go on,” Ariot commented darkly.
“Well the time comes, he slips out of the bathroom, and waits in the darkness. He’s visualised it at this stage, the guards walk past the opening time and again, all the possible reactions and movements are plotted in his mind, a bit like the moves on a game of chess. Finally, that Guards appear. He lunges at them – unsuspecting they’re paralysed, shocked – they smash into the wall, the first dies by the knife, deftly placed,” Yicle indicated the motion, “Wasting not an instant, he falls on the other – and his neck is broken....
“Obviously this had made quite a racket... he quickly hoists the corpses, and drags them into the bathroom. The cleaner’s sign is hung, a quick mopping of the ground perhaps, and then the door is barred. A precaution in case the new watch come, they might enquire. His explanation is simple; he has knocked over a bin. Then the likelihood is that the guards have made up a similar explanation for themselves anyway. If the guards do come, they see nothing...”
“Would the guard who was stabbed not bled a good deal? Would he really have had time to mop up?” Ariot objected, “...Sorry I’m not thinking, the under-suit can’t stop a knife, but it can seal the wound, to a certain degree...” he admitted waving a hand, “Sorry I interrupted...”
“Yes, well, I was sort of done. You can imagine it wouldn’t be too difficult to clean off his armour, or surreptitiously remove himself to wherever he was meant to be... Pure supposition of course,” Yicle finished unceremoniously.
“Yes, I suppose you are a bit scant on facts – and how does it help us catch him?”
Yicle shrugged, “At least we’re getting to know him. Besides, we might find out later – who knows, anyway we’d better check these cameras, and...”
“And what?”
“Well, Magen didn’t tell us to, but the spy was also in the Engine Room, to set up that bit of sabotage...” Yicle said enticingly.
“Then we should go there too!” Ariot said definitely. Magen’s two items had evolved into four, without too much effort, fortunately, this fact didn’t occur to Ariot and Yicle...
Yicle was thoughtful for a moment, “Yes, you can write up the report... we’re not going to make it to this meeting...”
“Okay... I suppose...” They walked off.

Chapter 12: The Key to Power
“…Vaulting ambition, which o’er-leaps itself
And falls on the other -“
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

The ship was afloat again, and Magen knew they would soon be under-way. He also knew, or rather had decided, what direction they would take, and why. He had a plan, a plan Dektri would most likely agree with. There was one thing Dektri really understood and worshipped – trade... The report, in exchange for a trip to Solara. There would be no mutiny or outcry, for now.
Magen was resolved. He fixed his hair, and prepared to stride in with dignity and ‘commanding presence’. He pushed the door open... He stood petrified, the black shadow charged towards him. In horror, he deftly pulled himself aside as the dark thing shot past. Had Magen been in better control of his senses he would have noticed something, slightly more concrete, or even furry, about this thing.
“Marvin!” Mattias bolted out after the creature.
Magen grabbed Mattias before he passed, he was already half collected, he realised his worst fears were not, “What was that?” he demanded, pointing at the diminishing furry blob.
“It’s Marvin, my ferret!” Mattias explained, obviously keen to get after the escapee.
“A ferret?” Magen puzzled.
“Yes, you know, furry, teeth, claws – sort of like a stoat or weasel...”
Magen clenched his jaw. This was the thing that had him so on edge during the last meeting, so distracted – a pet! He crossed his arms, mainly to restrain himself from causing injury to Mattias.
“Well... what on earth was it doing in the meeting?! For that matter, why on earth, and how, do you have a ferret on board the Kuan-Aree? Last I checked, Guards aren’t allowed to keep pets – not even a goldfish, and especially not a ferret.” Magen reprimanded, though it struck him that keeping the ferret was probably a good deal more practical than the goldfish.
“He was hurt... caught in a snare... I couldn’t just leave him...” Mattias explained.
“You mean it’s a wild ferret!” Magen threw up his arms.
“Marvin’s quite friendly...” Mattias protested, still unashamed.
“Oh... just go and get it – but I don’t want to see it again after this meeting,” Magen said sternly.
“Right, right,” Mattias nodded gleefully – he motioned to dash off.
“Wait a second, what is that smell?”
“Smell?” he responded innocently.
“Ah – ferret, right...” Magen dismissed him, and he bolted down the corridor. Magen checked himself, now why was it, that had annoyed him... it seemed he had contracted the irritability of the higher ranking officers.
As Magen marched in the centurions became silent. He took his position at the head of the table. They had been waiting on him, their decision was made, now they were in expectation of his... Magen had just done a ‘Rossi’.
“You have selected a captain...” he intimated, indicating that this captain should show himself. He did. “Dektri,” Magen was unsurprised.
He gave a brief toothy smile, “The collective centurions of divisions 66 and 62 have elected me as captain of the said divisions...” Dektri took a bow.
“Good,” Magen declared, “Now if you, Innaltar and Doctor Mersas will join me outside for a moment’s private conference,” he gestured politely at the persons in question. “While we’re gone, you can chat amongst yourselves – maybe even make more coffee,” he nodded in the direction of the kitchen area. Then the four chief officers marched out of the room, leaving behind slightly bewildered centurions. They had not conceived until then that there was another ‘inner circle’. Echla once again began her rhetoric about why Dektri was a poor choice, regardless that the decision was already made. Her listeners were few, and disinterested. Grammas diplomatically presented her with a cup of coffee and a bun, to shut her up.
A number of minutes passed, the centurions speculated on what was being discussed. They made a concerted effort to divine the future, even Echla departed eventually to explore this intriguing subject. It was a gloomy affair, they already knew that a return to Terranch was unlikely, they were past that crucial psychological halfway point. The door gasped as the draft excluder was parted from its sealing surface.
The commanding officers re-entered, anyone could see that Magen was quite satisfied by the outcome of the discussion. Many would have taken this for a bad sign – except that Dektri also seemed quite pleased. Dektri took seat with a thoughtful air. He seemed to be pondering and even plotting something, something that was clearly in the future sometime. Magen remained standing at the head of the table. Mattias crept in carefully with his evil creature, Magen waited impatiently for him.
“After some consideration and discussion...” Magen began, “We have decided that High Command will not receive a report today. This will only be submitted at such a time as it is requested or otherwise required, it will be jointly composed by Centurion Dektri and myself.
“Furthermore, we have decided to proceed with the mission – we will continue on to Solara as soon as the engines are up and running. Let me remind you, our mission was to deliver supplies and relief to Solara, we are still quite capable of achieving that goal, spy or no spy – there is no reason other than cowardice for us to return to Terranch,” he announced boldly, challenging anyone to reproach him on this point.
“Hang on,” a centurion addressed, “Just how are we supposed to gain entry to a besieged city?” he protested.
“I have in my possession the sealed orders which were given to Commander Versan. For reasons of security, I think it would be ill advised for me to reveal them quite yet. However, rest assured that there was always a plan in place, and from my understanding of these orders, our mission can still be accomplished with little further cost – unless our spy has more surprises planned for us,” Magen parried.
Dektri nodded in affirmation of this point, silencing any remaining opposition to this course of action.
“One final point on this matter, we will have to take a brief detour to either Jahiro or some other port where we can offload the injured; so that they can receive better treatment. For obvious reasons it would be a mistake to assume Solara’s facilities are available for this. I’ll be talking with our navigator and Doctor Mersas further on this matter,” Magen tapped the table with the tips of his fingers, “I trust there are no further questions?”
One of the older centurions cleared his throat, “As regards this report...”
“Yes?”
“It will sooner or later be required...”
“This is true...”
“For the sake of myself and my colleagues I would like to know what this report is to contain...”
Magen gave the man a blank look momentarily, he felt a surge of violence well in himself, and he stifled it. “Ah yes, we will discuss that at a later date. Rest assured, you will be involved in some capacity. I should point out though that a superior officer is not obliged to discuss his reports. This is a concession, not a requirement. However, I think we have more pressing issues right now...” he responded coldly. Making it clear that he viewed further pursuit of this subject as wasted time. “We’ll move on to consider what action to take regarding this spy... Is that okay?”
The centurions mutely consented to this, they saved their grumbling for later.
“Excellent,” he clapped his hands and beamed a benevolent smile, “This is my proposed plan of action; We’ll send the guards of Division 66 for lunch, and while they are at lunch, I want Division 62,” he glanced meaningfully at the centurions in question, “To do a thorough search of the ship. All of the crew quarters, engine room, bridge, hospital – everywhere...”
“And what would you hope to find?” Mattias asked judiciously.
“Anything,” Magen shrugged, “Anything suspicious; tools, remains of messages – spy equipment. If anyone happens to have a shadowsuit for example...” Magen smiled again.
“It would be foolishness to hold such things in one’s possession...”
“That may be, but he’s certainly used specialist equipment in the past...”
Mattias shrugged in consent, “The Guards will feel suspected...”
“Well... They are...” Magen said shortly. “There are no other objections to this plan of action...”
“Seems reasonable,” Echla muttered, the other centurions were inclined to agree.
“I take it you have somebody investigating...” Dektri enquired.
“Yes, Ariot and Yicle, who I presented earlier – it’s only a preliminary. I’ll try and track down some professionals later to do a thorough investigation... As far as I know, we don’t have any forensics on board,” Magen looked at Mersas, who shook his head, “Anyway I hope to get a report back from them soon...” ‘Report’ had become a dirty word. “Now I know that our predecessors have almost certainly gone through the records already – but I would like to do it again, so that we know, what they knew, at least, and we might even come across something new.”
“Wouldn’t that take some time?” Grammas sitting at the back grumbled, it sounded like very boring work.
“Yes, but I’m not asking you to do it, only the centurions of Division 62,” Magen smiled – there was general outcry and protest at this, from both sides. 66 was offended that they were not trusted, and 62 at the large amount of tedious work being placed upon them.
Dektri stood up, “Enough!” he snapped, panning his hand across the group, “I quite agree with Magen, this is a reasonable measure – we must not take chances, and it is no reflection on your characters, merely procedure. It is in all our interests to find out these spies...” he explained.
“Exactly. Now, I would like for those we find of a dubious or suspicious background to be interviewed, if you find anyone. I want reports from every sergeant too, as to the conduct of his squad members, and their activities yesterday, and likewise of every centurion, of their sergeants – Is that understood?” Magen continued at a pace. Dektri sat back down.
“That’s a lot of paperwork,” Mattias said.
“Never mind, the senior officers will deal with it – It will take time, but I suspect we may have plenty to spare, certainly once the siege is broken... Now, I think that wraps it up, unless there are any inspired ideas...” Magen searched out for any lurking ideas. Sometimes inspired people could be quite shy. “No... in that case the centurions of 66 can get to work organizing lunch – 62 to organize a ransack of the chip, and having completed that, a scrutiny of Division 66’s personal records. I and the other commanding officers will prepare a new crew listing in the meantime. There are two other conference rooms which you may use. – You are dismissed – there’s nothing else – No, good, I expect lunch in an hour’s time... Dismissed!” Magen finished the meeting, and the centurions quickly vacated the room.
“Mattias!” Magen called.
“Yes?”
“Make sure I don’t see that ferret again...”
“Yes, sir... His name is Marvin, by the way, sir...”
Magen gave and indulgent smile. Marvin decided to pull at Echla’s hair as she passed.
“Ah! Get it away!”
“Oh don’t worry, he’s only being friendly...” Magen heard Mattias explain as they left. He was certain he had not seen the last of Marvin – the fiend from another dimension.

*	*	*	*	*
“I see... no witnesses then...” Magen said glumly. He gave the little bag that contained his lunch a gentle shake. He dipped his finger in, and tasted – it wasn’t quite hot enough yet. The Seaton army rations had not really changed much over the years, although they did extensive research in the field. When it came down to it, at the end of the day, food had to be food. The rations consisted of pre-prepared foodstuffs, mostly involving sauce and pasta, in a sealed silvered bag, with an additional chemical heater to warm the mixture. Magen was having, what seemed to be, pasta twists, in tomato sauce, seasoned with herbs, and some chunks of rather amorphous, and unnamed meat.
It would be a mistake to think the Seaton Guard had not heard of the saying, ‘An army marches on its stomach’, though there may have been a number of grisly misinterpretations of it. In spite of the rigorous scientific study that had been applied to the simple meal – the rations did usually taste good, and were very sustaining, though they did lack a good deal of visual appeal.
“And did you get a chance to check out the security cameras?” Magen asked hopefully.
“Yes, we did indeed,” Yicle replied, who had hitherto related much of their findings. He, like everyone else, was holding a warming bag of sustaining material, propping himself on his elbows, the bag caught between his forefinger and thumbs at the two top corners.
Had it not been for the fact that the canteen was completely trashed, they would probably have had a meal cooked freshly in the ship’s kitchens – of course it would have been equally nameless and amorphous. At least with the rations there was a choice... one could even get mashed potatoes with ‘steak’ and some vegetables of an oddly luminous nature (it was either that or grey).
Lunchtime had arrived, arranged by the centurions of Division 66. Having little imagination, or choice, and the canteen being serviceable at this stage, they had decided it was the best place for this rather fundamental event to occur.
Since the morning, the windows had been blasted in, the canteen flooded, a battle had ensued over the meal tables (some of which were a bit charred, and melted, but still almost a solid surface, roughly flat and therefore useable), corpses had piled up, bloodshed, the wall blown open by the Es’stons – leaving the doors intact, but redundant – then the battle reaching its conclusion; the corpses were cleared, the floor given a thorough mopping, and the windows blocked up with welded sheet metal by an engineering crew concerned about the ship’s aerodynamics... Life had to go on, so now, the canteen was filled as intended, by the Guards of Division 66 conversing in a comradely manner, preparing to eat their first meal since the battle.
It was as if nothing had happened, except a minor alteration to the interior décor – interior designers were reputed for their strange tastes anyway. The Guards revelled in this moment of normality. The nightmare was over, morning always came. They pushed the worries of the grim future awaiting them in Solara from their minds. They dwelt in the moment, the past was too hideous, and the future too ominous.
“And?” Magen looked up.
“Well, they only keep a backlog of twelve hours video, for some reason...” Yicle began.
“Not to mention that it’s all very badly set up,” Ariot interjected, “There’s holes in it, so you can’t track the path of one particular person, especially someone in Guard armour. You can’t always make out the ID badge, despite the high resolution – it doesn’t help when someone’s back is turned...”
“So you found nothing...”
“At first... We thought we might catch him going to and from the armoury, we worked out the times, and he wasn’t dressed in armour doing that – but...”
“He used an infra-red torch or whatever to blind the camera as he passed – At least, I guess that’s why the camera went white. They’re very sensitive to infra-red you see,” Ariot explained, feeling technical details were best left to him.
“Yes – and then he must have changed into armour again, because he stopped flashing cameras, and we weren’t able to identify him again. I presume he lost himself in a crowd of Guards after changing. He probably knew where the cameras were patchy too... He used a similar tactic to get to the secondary bridge as well as the same disguise...” Yicle continued.
“Ingenious!” Ogher slapped the table, dangling his lunch dangerously in one hand. Most of the squad were seated at the table already. The command staff had received news of lunch first of course, Curiba, Elshan, Slick and Janessa had yet to appear. They were all engaged in tasks that could not easily be abandoned. Magen doubted Janessa would appear. In fact he was rather hoping to avoid that awkwardness for now.
“Yes, but do go on, Ariot you said ‘at first’?” Magen said.
“Mmmh, yeah, at Yicle’s suggestion, we decided to investigate the Engine Room... The spy had to have been there.”
“Oh! Of course – I wonder how that slipped my mind...” Magen recalled having been definite that there were only two things he had wanted the pair to do.
“Well I’m sure you have plenty on it...” Ogher excused Magen’s negligence.
“It was a good idea, I’m glad you took the initiative,” Magen commended, “But did you discover anything?”
“Just another time our spy needs an alibi for... And how he probably did it,” Yicle said ruefully.
“Yes, more or less,” Ariot agreed, “It seems they had an emergency drill yesterday afternoon. It’s quite usual to run drills immediately before departure. Crew members might not have seen proper action for months... Anyway the whole place was evacuated – as you do...”
“A good opportunity...” Ogher commented.
“Exactly – and he must have slipped in during the chaos. The engineering crew were locked out for half an hour... they just assumed that it was a dodgy blast door, even had someone up to check it out...”
“People aren’t half paranoid enough,” Tyr’uc complained, “So nobody reported those flashes on the cameras…”
Yicle gave a shrug, “Would you have raised the alarm for what could easily be assumed to be a fault? How often do you have a real life threat to security?”
“Put like that...” Ogher said, “I’m not sure I would have.”
“Security! Security! I think we might have an intruder – I keep getting white flashes on my security monitor!’” Yicle mocked Tyr’uc.
“Okay, okay, I get the point... I did say paranoid – now put someone like Slick on a security monitor...” Tyr’uc conceded.
Yicle burst out laughing then, “Hah! Nobody would pay attention, otherwise we’d be in panic 24/7!”
“Yes, yes,” Magen agreed, “We’ve all heard of the boy who cried ‘Mountain lion’” He took out his spoon and began to eat...
“Is yours hot enough?” Tyr’uc seemed surprised, “Mine’s still only lukewarm.”
Magen shrugged, “I’m hungry... Anyway the cameras again, I presume having established another time you went up to check them – Or did someone notice a Guard lurking inside when they finally got in?”
“No... unfortunately...” Ariot answered.
“Still, it was chancy...”
“He wouldn’t have been recognised later anyway. I’m sure he had a story prepared. But, yes we did go back up to check out the cameras again, and you know – we did find a guard leaving the area, and he definitely wasn’t supposed to be there...”
“You were able to make out his ID then!” Ogher exclaimed.
“Not so simple,” Yicle held up a warning finger, “Explain Ariot...”
“Well we were able to make out an ID.”
“And?”
“It was yours...” Ariot said carefully.
“Mine!! Mine!?” Ogher spluttered, “Why the cheek...”
“I doubt anything was meant by it, he probably just randomly picked one – I would guess,” Ariot soothed.
Ogher grumbled to himself.
“Were you able to track his movements then?” Magen asked stuffing more of the pseudo foodstuffs into his mouth.
“Again, he foiled us... he probably changed his ID in the middle of some crowd or blind spot, we lost him.”
“I wonder how he got on the ship in the first place...” Magen mused, “I suppose Armour is a fairly simple solution to that again...”
“Yeah, something like that,” Yicle said, “We should probably chase up on that...”
“Yes, I guess – I suspect we’ll just have another nameless, faceless Guard...” Magen said drearily.
“At least we know what times he needs an alibi for...” Ariot said looking on the bright side.
“As no doubt does he...” Tyr’uc said dubiously, “He has an accomplice – that’s an instant alibi, I was with so-and-so, and did such-and-such... Plus you have to find out who to question of an entire division of Guards.”
“Well we know he’s a man... and his build...” Ariot went on, “That cuts down the likely suspects a lot.”
“Not definitely, if they can hack a wristlet, or know someone who can, they can surely hack armour. The saboteur could simply have borrowed that of their accomplice – what do you think Tyr’uc?” Yicle theorised.
Tyr’uc considered this, “Mmm, maybe, it wouldn’t be too difficult.”
“Build you mentioned Ariot?” Magen prompted. Ogher started into his meal, the others following - either due to similar lack of patience or the heat-packs having reached the critical point.
“Average...” Ariot stated.
“Which I suppose means we can at least rule out Ogher... Not very useful,” Magen recognised. “We’ll have forensics check out this cleaner’s trolley – and we’re bound to find something in this ransack. He has to have had some tools, that torch at least...... Mmm,” Magen flipped his wristlet open and typed a quick message to Mattias, the chief ransacker, using his forefinger, holding spoon and packet in his other hand. “An infra-red torch is not entirely usual...” he explained.
“Of course...” Yicle said.
“You’ll write all that up in a report of course – make sure you tell the facts straight, then you can include a section on your theories...” Ariot and Yicle agreed. “So how have things been going up on the bridge Ogher?”
“So-so, I think everything’s under control. Just a minor delay in getting underway...” Ogher related.
“I noticed...”
“The engineers just want to make sure the ship is capable. We’ve already tested the engines, looks like they’ll run, but we don’t want the ship shaking itself to bits... They’re trying to assess what might be a safe cruising speed. Mmm... and some of the steering mechanisms were damaged...”
“No doubt that brief sortie underwater...”
At that moment Yicle started up, and gave a wave. He’d spotted Elshan, Curiba and Slick enter the canteen. He, however, was not the only one to salute the threesome. There was a magnificent uproar of cheering and clapping from Magen’s century. The guards stood up in respect and waved their sword in the air.
Magen practically choked, astounded by this reaction – surely Curiba’s impact (for it had to be Curiba) had not been that significant? For a moment he felt half envious, they hadn’t cheered him. Curiba was the hero of the hour – no-one had seen Magen’s works, only the effects of them. They would only have noticed, if he hadn’t done what he did.
Curiba blushed slightly as they made their way to Magen’s table – she couldn’t help it, she didn’t know how to react, and that was embarrassing. She waved a vague acknowledging hand as she sat. Magen saw that Elshan was not, on the whole, happy with this welcome. Slick seemed to lurk behind the bulk of Elshan, avoiding the attention which came by his proximity to the hero.
“You seem to have made quite an impression...” Ogher said almost patronisingly, with a hint of his own surprise. They had not yet heard the account of the ‘Black Knight’, saviour of the Hospital section, slayer of Es’stons. Unwittingly, the Guards had nicknamed her by her real title – just as Magen had foreseen.
“Well, perhaps now people won’t doubt my leadership abilities,” she replied imperiously, in the direction of Tyr’uc.
“The hospital was chaos...” Tyr’uc stated simply.
“I couldn’t have done anything about that – the Es’stons bypassed the sensors, we didn’t see them coming...” Curiba explained offhandedly.
“Hey! Curiba!” A guard walking past hailed. His reasons for walking past, Magen perceived were not necessarily legitimate. “That was amazing stuff!”
“You’d better tell us the story Messias...” Magen said seriously to the swordsman, whom he was acquainted with of course.
“Didn’t you hear?! Curiba must’ve single-handedly taken down at least a hundred Es’stons – more even!” Messias said with grand hand gestures.
“A hundred!” Magen said sceptically.
“Surely more Sir! You should have seen the way she tore through them, unstoppably, fearlessly! It was all we could do to stay with her. Such skill – just like you would imagine of the old knights of Terranch,” he demonstrated a particular motion which had caught his fancy. 
Magen was reassured that it was at least one that he had taught her. It had always struck him as strange that his swordsmen, the Terranchi that is, seemed to take their inspiration from warriors that had lived thousands of years before. They measured themselves against these, impossible legends... Messias went on. “The Es’stons fell back in terror as she came on, it was quite something to see – and they were elites! I don’t think anyone could doubt that without Curiba, we would have lost the battle,” Messias chastened Tyr’uc.
Tyr’uc shrugged in return.
“Well, that is quite a tale of heroism,” Magen declared. There was only one who would ever know of his duel on the bridge, “Have you had lunch Messias?”
“No, no, not yet...”
“Well you should get it soon, who knows what awaits us in Solara.”
“Yes, sir...” And Messias dashed off, sensing he was being dismissed, and that his hero worship was not in favour with the Centurion.
Elshan, Magen could see was further distressed at this retelling of events. No wonder he was ill at ease with people commending the young girl on her aptitude for killing people (even though they were Es’stons).... Nevertheless, Elshan set to his lunch.
He lifted the brown paper bag he had brought with him on to the table. He drew out a thick crusty loaf of bread, a block of cheese wrapped in wax paper, and a small jar of pickles – much to everyone’s chagrin. He unsheathed his combat knife, a shining blade about nine inches long – only then did he notice everyone looking at him, except of course those who had come with him. Slick and Curiba had already heard the explanation for their earlier detour.
“Don’t worry, it’s perfectly clean, I haven’t even used it on anyone yet...” he brandished the knife.
“No – I was just quite amazed that you’d got the ingredients for your usual sandwich,” Yicle explained.
“I don’t see why you should be – I just picked it up at the market yesterday, no wizardry involved,” Elshan was affronted. He began to hack his loaf violently to bits, the cheese got the same medicine, and soon the ‘Elshan Sandwich’ took shape, in so far as it ever did.
“Mind if I have some,” Ogher asked.
Elshan passed him the components, along with his knife. Ogher set down his bag of mush, and composed a much more honest sandwich with a good deal more care than Elshan.
“So, I think we’ll probably be able to get under-way after lunch. Then in about an hour we’ll reach the island of Carg – where we’ll drop off our injured, and then on to Solara...” Ogher elaborated, completing the earlier discussion with Magen.
Slick dropped his packet of food, he cursed, “So we’re still going to Solara?” The food had spilt over table, typically.
“Didn’t you hear my announcement,” Magen asked bemusedly.
Slick shook his head, “I was busy...”
“Doing what?”
“Gettin’ rid o’ the dead...” Slick ‘splained.
“Still I don’t know how you got the idea that we weren’t going to Solara...” Magen commented.
“No – neither do I,” Slick said miserably. He lifted up the packet, peering at it dismally, the sauce dripped from it – and there were no napkins handy. Slick looked around with frustration. Finding nothing useful in the vicinity, he gave up.
“You can finish off mine...” Ogher proffered the packet, which Slick accepted.
“Ever been to Solara before?” Tyr’uc asked, sensing there was some other reason than the siege that Slick didn’t want to go to Solara.
“Huh... yeah, yeah I been to Solara before... who hasn’t? A good while back now...”
“How do you remember it?” Magen took turn to ask – as a supposed ex-patriot, he was obliged to take interest in all concerning Solara.
“Ahh! These things take forever!” Curiba bemoaned, she gave the packet a violent shake.
Ignoring this interruption, which really didn’t warrant a reply, Slick answered, “Oh quite well, yeah – just hope it don’t remember me...” He caught himself, in the flow of the speech, he had let the cat out of the bag, and he’d made a vow never to speak of it again... Oh well, too late.
“The Guard after you there, were they?” Ogher asked shrewdly.
“No, no it weren’t the Guard – leastways, that weren’t why I left...” Slick added on the latter being struck by a bout of honesty.
“Ah...” Elshan made a noise of comprehension.
“‘Ah’ – what?” Tyr’uc demanded, he had after all initiated the inquiry, it was no good if he was left in the dark.
Elshan waved a vague hand, “One of these things what you don’t speak of...”
“Yeah one of them things...” Slick agreed wholeheartedly, he didn’t want to speak of it, “Just – er – call me Jarom while we’re in Solara – I mightn’t be recognised.”
“Really?” Magen seemed quite taken aback, “Are you sure you shouldn’t explain the details of this history to us – maybe we can help...”
Slick’s face read ‘no’.
“...Is that Janessa?” Yicle peered, “It is... Janessa!” he bellowed across the canteen, before Magen could restrain him.
He turned to look, and there was Janessa, just inside the canteen in a huddle of, what Magen guessed to be junior doctors. She gave a brief glance in their direction hearing her name. She caught Magen’s eye, and she turned away briskly in either anger, or shame. Though it was probably more a mixture of the two, Magen was not in the state of mind to read it as anything other than anger, and loathing.
“Strange, I could swear that she just ignored me,” Yicle muttered as he sat down again, “I guess she’s just busy furthering her career – got to hang out with the right people – you know, and talk the talk...” he elaborated. He was stirring it, quite sure of the situation.
Magen clenched his teeth briefly and for a moment colour came to his face. It so infuriated him, the thought that she had become the puppet of social requisites. He did not catch on to Yicle’s game then. He caught a look from Saar’ha, which seemed to say, “Look she has abandoned you, and I have not...”. In shame Magen averted his eyes and looked to the ground.
All this passed before Yicle as a drama on a stage, all the actors so consumed with the play that they did not see the absurd hilarity of it – Yicle as the uncultured spectator, did.
“Saar’ha, you’re pretty quiet...” Yicle commented, “Perhaps, you’re just fatigued by the seizure...”
She flashed a dangerous look at him, anyone other than Yicle might have cried out in alarm, but he maintained that impenetrable air of charm and suaveness.
“No, I’m quite alright, and I did not have a seizure – I’m quiet because I can’t be bothered to come up with a load of inane chatter, if there were something worth saying, I would say it...” Saar’ha said stiffly.
“Not a seizure!” Ogher coughed, “I don’t know what else you would call it!”
“It’s how Magen described it...” Yicle said evilly in response to Ogher’s protest. It fell short of the mark though. Magen and Saar’ha knew things that he did not.
“Well perhaps if people read the medical dictionary more often... otherwise they would do better not to presume what to call it,” Saar’ha said cuttingly, no-one at the table had ever read a medical dictionary...
“Well, whatever...” Ogher quickly spotted that while it was blatantly obvious Saar’ha had had a seizure, she was not going to admit it. All he would do by pursuing it would be to incur her wrath, and more insults... though he wasn’t sure if it really was a deficiency never having read a medical dictionary... was there even such a thing? “That reminds me, what is all this malarkey about a key – and who were those guys in the battle-suits. They seemed to be working independently...”
Magen leaned forward, about to embark on an explanation he had yet to formulate, so that Ogher might understand, or at least be satisfied.
“Mmmh,” Elshan protested, crumbs flew from his mouth in a blizzard. He chewed ferociously at his mouthful – Magen relaxed back in his chair, content to allow Elshan to disturb Ogher with his legends. Elshan believed them now, where before he had simply enjoyed these stories of the fantastical – now he was delighted to find it real. Magen was not so unreserved however, he had come to believe that the legends had a lot of truth to them, and in some cases were perhaps real history – but, he felt because many viewed them only as myths, they would add on more and more of the fantastical...
Everyone waited in patience as Elshan freed up his mouth for talking minus the snowstorm.
“You remember my story that I told about Curiba’s sword way back near the beginning of the year?” Elshan said eventually.
“Yes...” Ogher said dubiously, “But I thought we’d agreed that it was a cunning facsimile, designed to imitate the sword of legend... Some fancy of one or other of the Dragonaths,” he continued, making it clear he didn’t want to hear more fantasy proposed as reality.
“Come Ogher you’re an engineer – do you honestly claim it has done what is possible by technology – it’s not even built the same way as the rest of the universe!” Elshan inveigled.
“I grant that I can’t fathom how it’s done. I can only assume it is some technology far superior to what I know of. As to the science, I see no reason that there can’t be physics we haven’t discovered yet. The universe is very big – it’s only recently we proved the existence and possibility of anti-mass... Perhaps some intergalactic aliens made it, I don’t know...” Ogher explained patiently, expressing plainly his faith in an ‘ordinary’ universe.
Elshan threw up his hands in dismay, “That’s even more ridiculous than my story!” he objected.
“I refuse to believe in dragons, ‘magical powers’ and that there was a race of men who lived in the frigid, uninhabitable wastes of the north, over a thousand years ago! It would be difficult to make the place inhabitable even today – not to mention utterly pointless!” Ogher was resolute.
“And yet... you claim we’ve been visited by a race of superior aliens?” Elshan growled.
“Well, it’s clear aliens exist, we’re at war with them...”
“That’s different, they inhabit a planet in our own solar system...”
“A race of superior aliens, with technology at the level of this sword might well be able to travel the vast intergalactic distances...” Ogher elaborated, digging his pit.
“Intergalactic!!”
“Elshan, Elshan,” Magen pacified, “Perhaps you’d best just tell the story of the key straight, and leave everyone to make their own conclusions...”
“You’re right, absolutely, it speaks for itself,” said Elshan confidently.
Ogher sat stiffly in his chair, steeling himself for the rubbish that was to follow.
“There was a key if you remember, to the dragon stone,” Elshan began, “Now as you may know, the stone was taken by the Evil One...”
“According to legend...” Ogher defied.
Elshan gave a look and continued, “So it was, as you may imagine, that the Evil One was furious upon his discovery that the stone was useless. He so desired this great addition to his power, thus he was resolved to make war on the nations, that he would prove his might to them, and they would surrender the key. That was the saga of which I spoke, that war between understanding and utter chaos... 
“Now he bent all his will upon that little fragment, but he could not perceive it. It was hidden to him. The Men of the North had worked well to achieve that end. The mind stone cloaked it from sight of mind.
“At the same time that the war was wrought upon the nations – The Evil One sent forth spies, slaves to his will, to watch and listen for word of the key. In every quarter treachery was to be found and men could no longer be sure of their friends. These spies; men, animals, fiends of darkness, even dragons, were named for their purpose, ‘Seekers of the Key’, and they haunted and hounded all those whom the Evil One knew to have been connected with the sword and the Dragon. All those however, being powerful persons in their own right, it was impossible to directly attack them. Being thwarted in this respect he turned his malice, and lies, in effort to corrupt them. Also he waited, for opportunity to send the key his way.
“But all these machinations were well seen by the wise, and a plan was made. The Evil One had been blinded by this lust, and his own pride, for he believed he could take a man even under Cru’athor’s protection. So it appeared to him he had succeeded when one man came to him with the key – but it was not the key... It was a trap.
“When the Evil One joined this with the stone, the trap was sprung, and the Evil One was bound to the stone, so he could no longer take a physical form in the world. But of course this was not the end, for his villainous will was still free to command and speak into the minds of mortals, though he was even in this much reduced – so the armies continued to move. The conclusion, it is a long one, and it seems we have not perhaps even reached it.
“My point is simply this, the key now has a twofold purpose – to keep the Evil One imprisoned, and that the power of the dragons is available to no man... If the key were reunited with the stone, why I hazard to guess we may have an Armageddon on our hands...”
“And that’s exactly why all this is rot!” Ogher exclaimed, “Going on as if the fate of the world is in our hands...” he scoffed, “And you say the key is contained within Curiba’s sword.
Curiba brought her sword round with some difficulty.
“No!” Elshan and Magen let off with a report simultaneously. Elshan grabbed Curiba’s wrist. She shook off his grasp.
“I was just showing him the sword again,” she explained.
“So the suggestion is that the men who stormed the bridge were seeking the key...” Tyr’uc said. “Sort of present day seekers...”
“Magen? I still don’t understand why you told the centurions it was Yicle’s swords rather than the key – or what some may sufficiently believe to be the key...” Ariot demanded, with careful clauses.
“There aren’t that many who know of its location – and I don’t want to spread it about,” Magen explained, “It was far easier to explain too.”
“So you believe this stone does exist, and Curiba has a real key in her possession...” Ariot was mildly surprised.
“I’m sufficiently convinced to act on it,” he smiled, “And I feel some measure of secrecy is well advised. Elshan knows these details only by a particular account of the legend he has heard – most common versions I’m sure don’t include the key or its seekers...”
“I was going to say that it wasn’t how it was told in school,” Ariot agreed.
“So most of this is in fact just a story Elshan has made up...” Ogher said evenly.
Elshan stood up, face like the sky of a brewing storm, “You may disbelieve the story if you will,” he rebuked, “But do you really dare to call your brother a liar!” He towered over his younger brother, who took it all rather calmly, which was due to Ogher’s own particular temper.
“No, no, I suppose not...” Ogher relented, “Sit down, I’m not calling you a liar, sorry.” He did not add that he thought it had been made up by some one of the Dragonaths, just as the sword had been crafted. Some kind of romantic fantasy or delusion.
“Whatever else,” Magen continued the drama having completed, “That story is meant to be secret, and I think it’s best we act that way,” he said diplomatically.
“Mmh,” Ariot rested back in his chair, apparently thinking about it.
“Let me explain more about the seekers…” Elshan said.
“Go on then,” Ogher grunted, with a barely detectable hint of curiosity.
“After the armies of the Evil One were defeated, the only means he had of claiming the key – were his Seekers, and now more than ever, he longed for it, as it was his freedom and his power. Through the ages following, these twisted agents have maintained the search. Some of them, simply men lusting for power, this mythological power – perhaps never realising that it could never be theirs, or having been deceived and promised riches, eternal youth, who knows.
“It is said that some of these men were even the leaders of states, and those great calamities of the Wars of The Nations, of which we saw the last five hundred years ago, were brought about by their instigation. Their utter desire for power and destruction, the chief desires of their master. You can imagine, that any who serve the Evil One directly, now seek the key,” Elshan told.
“And so, now, how is it we have Es’stons after it then?” Ogher enquired lightly.
“The Evil One has influence over many more worlds than just one,” Elshan responded portentously.
“But of course, it doesn’t make a difference whether this is all real or not, just that there are people who believe that it is,” Yicle restated Magen’s earlier comment, which had been carefully crafted for use on the centurions. “Though as to how a Seaton cult might have taken hold on Es’stus...”
Ogher straightened, “Quite possible! Quite, Yicle you’ve got it – I mean we have been in contact with the Es’stons nearly 300 years! Think of all those Seaton P.O.W.’s...”
“I doubt there’s many of them left at this stage,” Yicle said doubtfully, alluding to how long ago it was that Seatus had disastrously attempted invasion.
“But their descendants...” Ogher stressed.
“Mmm,” Yicle half agreed.
“Well I can see you’re all determined not to believe!” Curiba decried bitterly. She stood up and wrestled with her harness with a frustration that made it impossible for her to operate the buckles. Elshan laid a hand on Curiba’s shoulder, halting her action.
“Don’t worry Curiba – there are some of us who do. And we will surely do our best to help you with this heavy responsibility...” he said determinedly.
“So how do you explain what Saar’ha said? She knew they were coming!” Curiba continued the assault, fixated on taking a chunk out of the disbelievers.
Ogher shifted uneasily, Yicle spoke, “Well, you know, maybe she was dreaming and had a nightmare – she heard us over the comms, subconsciously, and imagined the worst possible thing was coming after you... in her dreams...” he dismissed. This question caused Ogher more discomfort, he had seen Saar’ha - it had to be some health problem.
“Any number of reasonable explanations,” Ogher muttered in agreement, “Now!” he brightened, “Has anyone checked AstroNews lately for updates on Solara?” He asked. 
Curiba bit her lip in agitation – did he think she was mad? That how he explained the sword too, now Saar’ha was ill, or having nightmares. A much more peaceful Universe from Ogher’s point of view, to be sure. 
“It was still blocked last I checked, at least no video feeds...” Tyr’uc replied, “I’ll check for a text update...”
“Hmm,” Ogher studied the time on his wristlet, “Hmm, yes, it’ll coming on morning there soon... Our forces should already be engaged by now...”
“Yeah, then that will be it for news until it’s over; ‘Terranchi forces have begun assault on Es’ston Mountain fortresses,” Tyr’uc said after a few taps on his wristlet.
“I hope it goes well,” Ogher grunted, brushing the crumbs off himself. He stood up, “Now, I’d best get back to the bridge – don’t want those cowboys you sent up to get too comfortable,” he directed the latter at Magen, it seemed he was gently suggesting that Magen should head up with him.
“I’ll join you soon – I’d like to get a cup of coffee first...”
“Sure,” Ogher shrugged.
“You and I have more investigating to do...” Yicle suggested to Ariot.
“Yes, yes of course...” he lifted himself from the comfortable slouch he had adopted since finishing his meal.
“Before you go...” Magen said firmly, “Can you make me a promise?” he asked, the three seemed prepared to listen, “I know you don’t believe any of this stuff. I don’t believe it all myself – but just promise not to speak of it. It’s very little skin off your noses...” He proposed as delicately as he could muster.
They gave their agreement freely, as they left. It was nothing. Those remaining at the table could see Magen was about to impart something, something that would be too disturbing for the others, and even perhaps themselves. So they waited in tense anticipation for this special knowledge.
“Slick, maybe you should get back to work too,” Magen declared.
Slick didn’t protest, and was gone in seconds, to who knew where – to do whatever mysterious task he had elected to do. Magen dearly hoped it wasn’t to remove valuable items from the recently departed. He could imagine what Slick’s views on stealing from an inanimate object might be.
“Tyr’uc – how are you with all this?” Magen had been unable to divine his position from his remarks. He knew that Tyr’uc should know some things that regular Seatons did not – although his origins had perhaps been hidden from him...
“There are lots of strange things we can only barely understand,” he emphasised the ‘we’. He didn’t want to seem more ignorant than the others, about to be party to this esoteric knowledge.
Magen considered for a moment, it seemed likely to him, all at once, that Tyr’uc might have said anything to satisfy him – just so that he would not be excluded and would get to be part of this inner circle. 
“Good,” he said, reluctantly giving Tyr’uc the benefit of the doubt, “Then we’ll all meet up at my quarters in ten minutes – I want to talk in private... Now, I’m just going to get that coffee...” Magen stood up.
Elshan stood up in similar fashion almost synchronously, “Yes, I need something to wet my throat as well...” And he followed Magen over to where a few canteen rudiments had been set up. The canteen was beginning to empty again...
“You wanted to say something to me Elshan,” Magen perceived. He poured his mug slowly. Elshan began to fumble together the items needed for a cup of tea.
“Yes,” he didn’t look up, “I’m worried about Curiba...”
“Risking one’s life is all part of the soldiers existence – there is never certainty of survival, are you saying we should find a way to dismiss her from the army?”
“It’s not her getting killed I’m worried about... well, I am, but that must be borne. No, I’m worried about her,” Elshan stressed. He poured boiling water into his cup and began to stir, to speed up the brewing, “Battle seems to have this effect on her...”
“Battle affects us all,” Magen said bitterly, “Nobody comes out entirely human...”
“I know, I know,” Elshan emphatically agreed.
“And if you ask me, she doesn’t seem like the worst affected,” he alluded to Ariot, “It sounds to me like she’s proven herself quite brave...”
“Bravery – no Magen. It’s true she fought well, it’s true she showed no fear of the Es’stons, and it’s true that they broke before her – but that was not bravery, no it wasn’t fear – but madness!” Elshan hissed. He trembled when he thought of Curiba’s charge, “Magen, she went wild, she was unstoppable, reckless there was no thought of preserving her own life, or any other life – I was half in fear that she might in her frenzy cut down one of our own men. It is true that we were barely able to keep up – and I tell you she made many corpses down there, that was no exaggeration on Messias part.
“Magen, I’m convinced she became part animal, or some kind of machine. It was as if she cared nothing for the destruction around her... And you see her now, you would swear she had not been in battle. If all that blood had been on my hands Magen, I would not have eaten today, and I doubt I would have slept...” Elshan struggled to keep his voice low, the things he spoke of so moved him.
“Elshan, she is the Black Knight – whatever else, I suspect she is built to be a hero – however it is that they may exist. I don’t like the idea of a young woman being a mighty warrior any more than you. Does her calm now not show more a fortitude of the mind than otherwise?” Magen felt almost sympathetic, but this was battle, war, it involved many intolerable things. “I can’t hold her back from battle, either on the bureaucratic level, or on a compassionate level... I’m not a psychotherapist either, there’s only so much I can do to keep people’s minds in check... And I should point out again, if she can come through a battle, more or less sane – she is doing a lot better than most...” He glanced over at the table and sure enough as usual she and Tyr’uc were having their little tiff.
“Yes Magen, I understand,” Elshan said patiently. He had suddenly become aware of how Magen had been affected. “I just mean that we should watch out for her...”
“Which is why I sent you with her...”
Elshan nodded, “It would be terrible, for something like that to occur anywhere other than in battle...” he warned, in part referring to the earlier incident with the sword.
“I agree, she must learn self-control, even in battle.” Magen sipped his coffee, still watching the drama at the table over Elshan’s shoulder. Saar’ha was looking, with a slight tilt to her head in their direction. Magen again choose to avoid her eye.
“And we must try our best to teach it – and wean her on to it...” Elshan tipped a spoon of sugar in, even though he didn’t usually take sugar, that needed stirred as well. “She might do better without that sword,” he half suggested.
“Maybe, but it is hers by right, and if she is the Black Knight, she might need it before the end. I wouldn’t like to have to take it off her again. Besides, we saw how she was in the battle before Kalhar, it makes no difference...” Magen reasoned.
“Well, it is probably better in her hands if the Seekers should attack again...” Elshan seemed to sigh.
There was a silence. “Perhaps I was a bit quick to send her in as a leader though,” Magen admitted, “And yet I feel Messias may be right...”
“I know – he is, and that pains me – Magen she’s not a tool...”
“No!” Magen exclaimed, aware this was a criticism of himself. Despite being adamant, he could not keep his uncertainty out of the statement. It seemed to him that soldiers were indeed tools... the weapons ideals and societies held against each other. Yet they were not... they were people... He felt this complexity weigh on him, these were such difficult decisions... He had used Curiba as a simple lever to win the battle, otherwise he would never have put her in a position of leadership.
As Magen had requested, ten minutes or so later they had all collected in Magen’s quarters, though, it was more that they moved. They hadn’t actually ‘de-collected’. The room was small and cramped, barely containing the four bunks. The crew quarters of the Kuan-Aree were not of a generous cut. 
Saar’ha and Curiba sat together on an unused bunk. Above them lay Tyr’uc, unknowingly claiming Slick’s bunk, otherwise he might have rejected it. Magen sat on his own, he had brought his coffee with him. Elshan lay out on the remaining bunk above Magen which was his own. It had begun to sag, being of a compact and somewhat flimsy design. Magen being of a patient and generally calm character had not bothered to suggest swapping bunks – as a result he had to lean forward slightly to avoid being crushed while in sitting position.
“You were going to say something to us...” Saar’ha opened coolly. Magen had been sitting contemplating what he was going to say for several minutes now.
“Yes, em...” Magen looked up, awaking it seemed from his reverie. He lowered his coffee which he had been holding close, almost as some kind of guard. “...All of you, at some level or another recognise the seriousness of the attack on the bridge, and that Curiba does possess the real Singing Sword...” he looked around at their faces... Elshan was the only one who eluded him. He had a feeling though, that if anything, Elshan believed things too easily.
The door creaked at that moment, Magen sharpened to it. He launched up and flung the door wide.
“Slick!” Magen exclaimed in surprise, “I thought you were busy...” he ended to hide his astonishment.
Slick stood paralysed for a moment, he recovered quickly, “Yeah, yeah – I was just coming back – eh – for some power cells, I’m clean out...” he explained unconvincingly.
“Right...” Magen allowed him past. He sat back down, watching Slick narrowly as he retrieved some power cells, which were fortunately in place – not that Magen was deceived. Slick had been eavesdropping. Slick glanced around at the mute faces as he turned to leave. He gave a nod to the group and made for the door. He stopped short, of leaving, as if lingering hoping to hear a trace of the conversation, or perhaps guilt the developing clique.
“And could you please call me Jarom,” he pleaded cringingly with Magen.
“Jarom,” Magen repeated to show his good faith.
Jarom ducked out the door, Magen watched him diminish down the corridor.
“Okay...” he closed the door fast.
“Magen?” Tyr’uc started with an insinuating tone.
“Mmh?”
“Why have you not included Slick – er – Jarom, in this – conference?”
“Jarom, I think, is not entirely his own man – I suspect he would be easily manipulated, with threats and so on...” Magen justified.
“Seems a bit harsh...”
Magen shrugged, “I’m not going to that that risk.”
“There’s definitely something big at stake...” Tyr’uc stated, “What about the others?”
“They don’t believe what there is proof for, so they’re unlikely to believe a lot of what I’m going to say...”
“You’re not going to give them a chance...” Tyr’uc pursued, feeling it was all a bit unfair.
“Unless they can accept those first two points I mentioned a moment ago, they won’t be much use now – what I’m going to say couldn’t possibly convince them, and it’s for council I’ve gathered you, not to make you believe some particular thing...” Magen sat down again, supping a mouthful of coffee.
“And Janessa?”
Magen stiffened, how did Tyr’uc know that Janessa was a different case? She had not expressed any particular confidence in Elshan’s first story, and mostly they had avoided talking about it. She had had a dream, and she had expressed faith in a creator to Magen, and she had pondered dragons. Magen decided to leave this for further study at some other time. “Oh – she’s busy, and knows most of it already...”
“I see...” Tyr’uc said with a hint of iciness.
“You understand I don’t want any of what I’m going to tell you repeated...”
“Hence why Slick is not here,” Saar’ha said in referral to his earlier justification. She gestured with her hand to indicate the cyclic nature of what he had just said.
“Saar’ha it is difficult you know!” Magen snapped at this accusation of procrastination.
“Magen is from North Ice Isle you see,” she declared almost defiantly,
Elshan gasped, “No...”
Tyr’uc whitened as if something that had niggled at him had just been confirmed. Magen noted that with some concern. Curiba was not moved, after all, she was the Black Knight, and she knew despite her initial displeasure, that it was all true. She had some inkling anyway, Magen had never clearly explained why he knew how the sword worked and how to do all the mind stuff he had taught her.
“Yes,” Magen confirmed, “I am one of the North Men.”
Elshan gave a short laugh of surprise and inability to quite get his head around this revelation... There was a dramatic and timely roll of thunder – though it was not thunder. It was instead the tops of Pelnias being obliterated. A harbinger, reminding all who knew, how close to the edge of oblivion this never-ending war had brought them all. Magen almost mechanically hit his comms.
“Ogher what’s going on?” Something told Magen that it was not a work of nature, he feared further sabotage.
Ogher shrugged, immediately setting Magen to rest, “Beats me – if you mean the thunder. It’s nothing to do with us... One of the lads up here seems to think it might be an eruption. Wouldn’t be surprised if it’s something to do with the siege...”
“Thanks Ogher, that’s fine. Let me know if there are further developments.”
“Sure...” he hung up.
“You’ve gotta explain Magen,” Elshan burst out, “How is it that the Men of the North haven’t been discovered?”
“They’re telepaths, and secretive... they’ve worked long and hard to make themselves a myth in the mind of the Seatons. If anyone did manage to convince themselves to go on a trip in search of them, they would never remember if they did find them, or they would never return...” Magen said, with little doubt that the North Ice Islanders could and did achieve this end.
“Those ice wastes are renowned for their treachery...” Elshan muttered to himself almost in awe, “And you say you are one of them? Then, then you should have ears like an Es’ston – it’s in all the myths.”
“I do... come down and see...”
The bed creaked as it was alleviated of Elshan’s bulk. He stood in front of Magen and peered. “It may hurt,” Magen warned, aware that his race had hidden it from Seaton minds.
“Ah!” Elshan leapt back and cried, “I see! I see!” He repeated excitedly, “That explains it!”
“What?” It was Magen’s turn to be puzzled.
“The way it seems sometimes you can read minds...”
“Hah!” Magen gave a sharp, acerbic and bitter laugh. “I’m not a telepath, and if it seems that I can read men’s minds, it’s because I have had to practise hard at pretending to...”
“Oh...” Elshan took a new position at the end of the room, leaning against the lockers.
“Ah! And you’ve come to us because of this key... and the stone!” Curiba cried brightly.
“No, not precisely – and don’t start deifying my race or me – No, you must understand that there is no place in a society of telepaths for a non-telepath. I am outcast...” Magen ruminated.
“Just as a telepath has no place in a society of non-telepaths...” Saar’ha said looking down.
“What! What is that supposed to mean?!” Elshan demanded suspiciously.
“Just what you might think...” Magen stated, “Saar’ha is a telepath...” Now he felt he’d had his revenge.
Elshan seemed to shrink away from her in terror.
“Never fear Elshan, in the normal course of events she sees little more than what is already apparent on your face, or the words that issue from your mouth...” Magen reassured.
“She could pry...” Elshan said unconvinced.
“Yes and it would be almost as painful and obvious as if I took you off and tortured you to find your deepest darkest and most secret thoughts – and just as with torture I might create new ones...” Saar’ha snapped.
“True... though it’s probably more effective,” Magen affirmed.
“I suppose you know of these things...” Elshan relaxed. “That was what you were teaching Curiba...”
“Yes, I taught her how to resist torture – or brainwashing, with a few extras. In fact you have a lot more to fear from her with the mindstone than Saar’ha. It could wrench every thought from your mind like this,” Magen snapped his fingers, it had a curiously destructive connotation, “But I suppose the process would surely leave you a vegetable...”
Elshan’s eyes widened slightly.
“I’ve already explained that it’s not a toy...” Magen directed admonishingly at Curiba, “So I’ve forbidden her to use it.”
“So you’re not from Solara...” Elshan mused, try to reconstruct who Magen was in his mind.
“No – that’s all made up...” Magen said shortly.
“So the officials must know, or they’d think you were the spy...” Curiba perceived.
“Damoclus arranged it, I expect few people know.”
“And you haven’t come to lead us into a new age, or bring us new commands from Cru’athor. Your High Council didn’t send you... It’s pure co-incidence that you should have run into the Singing Stone, which we know your race to be intimately involved with,” Elshan supposed.
“If they did I knew nothing about it. I’m not on some special mission, but I am worried about the Singing Sword, and the apparent interest certain people have taken in it,” Magen was growing weary of this interrogation, there were so many more questions that could be asked. He could see them stretch out interminably, like the branching roots of a tree, no sooner was one question answer than it would inspire a thousand more.
“How is it that we couldn’t see your ears...” Elshan worried.
“That is easy,” Saar’ha said haughtily, “No one expects them to be pointed in the first place. Can you imagine an Es’ston walking about nonchalantly in the streets?”
“Tyr’uc?”
“I’m not a telepath,” he said in a sinister tone. It seemed since the revelation he had shrunk into the gloom of the bunk, so as not to draw attention presumably.
“No. Tyr’uc and Saar’ha are the prodigy of the union of one of my race and a Seaton – they are also outcasts, but for a different reason...” In this Magen was still inclined to agree with the Oisla. The mind should not become a weapon. “Have you enough answers, Elshan, Curiba?” Magen checked the time. Ogher would have begun to wonder what was taking him so long – he would say he was having a rest...
“I’d love to hear more... but I can see this is only the preliminary to what you wanted to say, and take council on...” Elshan said regretfully.
“Yes, I’m sure, but I would prefer not to speak of my background,” Magen said.
“Well, I won’t press you then, tell us then only what you need to...” Elshan accepted showing some maturity.
Curiba was nonplussed, she was sure the subject would be raised again anyway.
“In that case, I’ll tell you that some time ago, my people, my father contacted me by telepathic means... You remember that night I shot at you Tyr’uc?” Magen peered into the shadows shrouding Tyr’uc.
“I’ll say!” Tyr’uc said suddenly reanimated.
“Well I saw the form of my father, and thought it was some kind of evil spirit. I wasn’t expecting it...”
“Dare say plasma wouldn’t have done it much harm,” Elshan rumbled.
“No...”
“It wouldn’t have been too healthy for me though!” Tyr’uc continued his efforts to invoke guilt.
Magen knowing time to be short, ploughed onwards, “Anyway, he tried again later – this time we talked. He told me that I should retrieve the Dragon Stone – and according to a prophesy, a little poem, that I would destroy it...”
“Ah now that would be a grand mission!” Elshan said.
“- So you are here about the stone!!” Curiba cut across as Elshan was speaking.
Elshan shook his head, being well up on his legends, he had spotted the flaw, “...as I was about to say; if it were possible to destroy the stone... This makes no sense... So how did he say this could be achieved?”
Magen leapt up, “That’s exactly it!” he said glad that someone agreed with him, “He didn’t know – and neither do I! Nothing,” he gave a grand sweep of the hand, “In this world; heat, cold, metal, chemical, might, mental or anything can destroy it – so it is said at least...” It struck him for a moment, that perhaps no-one before had had a power such as his, and in these statements he was unknown – but neither was he convinced, or willing to accept, that he really might be the one to destroy the Stone...
“It would be foolhardy to obtain it, and then fail to destroy it. It should be kept as far from the key as possible,” Elshan said gravely, half afraid Magen might be entertaining this idea. “We shouldn’t act rashly either way...”
“No, I’m quite certain now it would be the wrong thing to do,” Magen said.
“It is very strange that you should be thrown out to die in one moment, and in the next expected to fulfil their interpretations of some prophesies that might just be gibberish to begin with!” Saar’ha who understood better than anyone muttered, “Elshan is correct though – The North Ice Islanders are quite arrogant and over confident, they probably think they can deal with the Stone...”
“Yes... so the legends might imply,” Elshan agreed. Oddly instead of seeing these men that appeared to know everything and have great wisdom – Elshan had left the cleverly designed stories with this impression sitting at the back of his mind. Either they were indeed demi-gods, or very arrogant men. Having discovered that Magen, who was one of them, was mostly man, it didn’t take much of a change in position to accept the latter.
“At the same time...” Tyr’uc shifted, propping himself up, “Don’t you think if we leave the stone where it is – assuming its existence – surely these ‘Evil Ones’ or the Seekers, will find sooner or later... Then they would simply come after the key in force. Perhaps we could find a better place for it and guard it – if we can’t destroy it...”
“No!” Elshan objected, “Then they would know where it is – all this time it has been sought, and has not yet been recovered, why should it happen now?”
“Well, Elshan,” Tyr’uc addressed him pontifically, “Surely the longer you look, the more likely you’ll find the thing you’re looking for – is that not true?” he reasoned.
“Yet...” Elshan stressed, “If we found it, I am sure they would for certainty know where it was...”
“Nevermind that! Where would we find the men who would believe that it was really worth protecting – we’d need an army,” Magen added.
“Isn’t it worth the risk! I mean if we can destroy it, won’t we rid ourselves of this evil threat forever – the North Ice Islanders believed it possible. And whatever you and Saar’ha say, and what I myself would like to believe, they aren’t complete idiots!” Tyr’uc’s eyes danced with lively enthusiasm.
“No,” Magen said abruptly, “They believed in their own interpretations of a rather vague prophesy. There are other texts that declare this to be impossible, and warn death for those who seek it,” he countered this time, “Besides we’re in the Seaton Guard, we can’t just up and leave. Furthermore where would we begin to look?” he demanded.
Curiba, almost moved to answer this question, but caught her own words before they managed to flutter out to cause chaos. She knew where to start looking – there were only so many volcanoes on Seatus. All the same, she had an ominous feeling that the stone was best where it was. Moreover she didn’t want to reveal the source of her information. Magen would be furious to know that she had delved into the heart of the singing stone.
“So why did you arrange this discussion if you’d already made up your mind...” Tyr’uc sneered.
“I hadn’t really, until now. And don’t you feel happier to know what’s going on!”
“All the same, if the fates of worlds really depends on it, then it’s certainly worth risking the penalties of desertion,” Tyr’uc said righteously, not prepared to let it drop.
“No, I’m not going to look for the stone – no.” Magen was resolved.
Tyr’uc seemed to huff himself into silence. Magen suspected he was hoping in fact for a reason to ditch the army.
“Now about the key Magen,” Elshan resumed, “That attack on the bridge means they know – the Seekers that is, at least vaguely where the shard is...” Elshan said.
“Yes – and they’ll come, again and again,” Tyr’uc practically shouted, “They’ll get the shard and then they only have to find this unprotected stone – I mean who knows how well hidden it really is. Maybe it’s already in their possession...”
“Calm down Tyr’uc...” Magen attempted to sooth, baffled by the seriousness Tyr’uc was treating this with.
“Well if this is all true, I don’t think you’re taking it seriously enough. You’re just going to sit back and let them run rings around us?”
Saar’ha moistened her lips, “In either case, our best line of action is to guard the key – we’ve already fended them off once, we now have three swords of power,” here Saar’ha indicated the new one in Magen’s possession, “And I am a telepath...”
“Who has proven her worth in battle...” Magen added, though a slight painfully. He didn’t approve, Saar’ha hadn’t killed the man, but still... It actually seemed worse, what she had done.
“Nevertheless, these Seekers are a formidable foe, all of the Evil One’s servants are searching, for either the key or the stone. That includes the Dark Ones, and even some creatures, natural forces...” Elshan said dubiously, “And there are all those that even unknowingly submit to his will...”
“We’ll have to be watchful,” Magen said resolutely, “Saar’ha will see them coming easily, the key is so heavily on their minds... And we must have some faith that it is all in the hands of Cru’athor ultimately,” he stood up and clasped his hands, “There’s nothing else we can do,” he added, seeing doubting faces.
“And so why...” Tyr’uc rolled out his arm, “…does this creator allow this Evil One to do as he likes?”
“Right now Tyr’uc, he’s locked in a stone...” Saar’ha said sharply.
“Perhaps it is some degree of mercy – or perhaps he is there to test us – or Cru’athor has great patience. Cru’athor is in charge, and Cru’athor is Good...” Elshan said softly.
“Sounds like something you learnt from a book, or in the crèche - what if this is all just for his entertainment, a game...”
“Then you don’t need to worry, you’ll play your part – but it means this is all meaningless to us, and we are purposeless, just toys or pawns...” Saar’ha said, in way that seemed she could almost believe it.
“I don’t believe that,” Elshan said disapprovingly.
Tyr’uc did not reply – so everyone took it that he had been convinced, preferring not to argue the point any further.
“Thanks Elshan...” Magen declared hoping to prevent further debate, “Now, I’d better head to the bridge, remember not to talk of this, and em... make sure not to keep peering at my ears,” Magen coloured slightly, feeling this was an embarrassing request. He made for the door, “I’ll see you later...” 
It seemed like they had made the right decision – and if they hadn’t Cru’athor would set them straight sooner or later. Though, Magen reflected, people still made mistakes... He realised then he had forgotten about Janessa’s dream – maybe it wasn’t important, it might just be a dream. He spent a few moments considering the problem of the dragons... If they did exist, where were they! Was the power of the so-called dragon stone really derived from dragons, which somehow remained hidden... just as the stone. Why did he not like the idea of dragons? How else did the story make sense? He had seen weirdo ethereal evil beings – yet you were supposed to be able to see dragons. Dragons needed to eat, sleep, and fly!! They couldn’t possibly hide.
“Magen!” Saar’ha appeared in the doorway he had just left, “I’m heading up to the bridge too...” she reminded him.
“Right...” he waited for her to catch up, and they walked on in silence. Magen did not want to entertain her, it seemed it could only further separate himself and Janessa. The feeling that they were already separated was distressing enough. He focussed on getting to the bridge. Saar’ha seemed to delight in his awkwardness.

Slick drew the needle high in the air, giving a few sharp jerks to draw the stitch tight. He flicked his fingers out professionally, with a certain surety, indicating he took pride in his work. Slick hummed a little children’s sea-song to himself, distinctive for all the up and down bits that would definitely remind the listener of choppy seas. It was unpleasant work, dealing with the dead, but like many such tasks, loathsome, grim, distasteful to most; it had its rewards. There were perks. The general opinion among the undertakers was that a labourer was worthy of his hire. It was a job nobody wanted to do, so it stood to reason that they should be allowed certain freedoms. All that about not muzzling oxen and whatnot, Elshan would understand... People shouldn’t be so judgemental, Slick thought charitably.
The presiding Sergeant, at least, didn’t seem to mind – as long as it wasn’t anything conspicuous, or too valuable. Now the Priest of Infernus, dressed in his gilded, shining gold, and very religious armour; well, he wasn’t bothered too much, as long as the fallen had at least one of their weapons left for the final battle – it would be awfully tedious if it was all bare-fist fighting.
The Priest gingerly laid leafy crowns on the heads of the dead Es’ston warriors – they smelt suspiciously of rosemary. Laurel or holly was more traditional. He had regrettably run out some time ago. In the faith of Infernus, enemies, especially effective ones, were well respected. It was recognised in this war worshipping religion, that you could only have a really good scrap – if there was someone to fight. Hence the passing of foes was quite a solemn affair, it was always unfortunate to lose a good adversary. Of course, they would meet again in the final battle, there was some consolation in that.
Once Infernus had been very popular among the Terranchi -they had kept fires in his honour in all the military bases and every century had its own chaplain- but with the growing feeling that he was not on their side, many had lost their faith. The Priests of Infernus, once respected and welcomed, were now spat on a loathed by many. Slick had never particularly been in favour of Infernus, and he was certain, in favour with Infernus. His temples were quite ugly, looking more like barracks than a place of spiritual reflection, and He seemed to have some objection to women, who weren’t allowed in the temple. Slick couldn’t really abide by that. He did however appreciate the god’s impartiality – he was after all, more interested in making war, than for example, making Slick’s life a misery. Infernus was unlikely to bestow the honour of a glorious death in battle on him either. Cowardly warriors died of old age – and many declared, rather judgementally, that they would not be part of the final battle.
Slick pulled another stitch tight and closed up the canvas wrap. The reason canvas was used, rather than say some kind of plastic body bag, was historical. Old sailing ships had always had spare – so that had been used back in the day. It had become tradition, something Terranchi sailors were always fond of.
He moved over to the next body, with a thoughtful look on his face. Rigorous brain usage was always a bit demanding on Slick, so he looked rather like an angry fish, with the pursed lips and furrowed brow. He didn’t bother checking, he already had a pouch full of jewellery and trinkets – no call for being greedy about it. He began to sow, after a few failed attempt to thread the needle with the twine. The militant military chaplain walked up to the body Slick had just left, and began to bellow prayers over him. The priest began to slap his ceremonial sword off his armour, to get Infernus’ attention, he was attuned to the sounds of battle, hence why shouting was also considered effective.
Slick tuned out the clashing sound and religious mumbo-jumbo, he was busy pondering on what he had overheard. Of course after Magen had found him he had simply circled round. He was half surprised he hadn’t been caught a second time. He regretted it now though, mainly for the reasons Magen had pointed out. He didn’t agree with the ‘not his own man bit’ though. Slick felt very much his own man, and wanted to keep it that way. His very attitude of acquiescence was in effort to maintain this wholeness of self. He much preferred not to give people reasons to take bits out of him.
Now he knew of course, and that meant people would come after him eager to know what he knew. This was unfortunate to say the least, especially at a time like this... Solara... He’d really have to be on his toes. The first opportunity he would make his way back to Terranch. Distancing himself from this whole magical stone/telepath/North Ice Islander/dark history/war, seemed wholly attractive – who could fault him on that. Granted most people wouldn’t believe half of it – still. No, he had no bother believing any of the stuff Magen was talking about – although, he hadn’t seen much evidence of the schemer and mastermind of all evil being locked away.
The difficulty was in escaping. It was never going to happen in Gahon. There had been so many lost opportunities on this trip, what with the frequent confusion, the prison camp, and free time in Kalhar... Yet he had been foiled, despite the fact that it seemed everyone ignored him all the time. At the train station, Elshan had asked him for his bags – nicely bouncing him back in the direction of the train. At the battle before Kalhar, he had been stationed with Elshan. Somehow being on a clean-up team with him again didn’t help. 
It wasn’t like he was obviously obstructive, just there. Then at the prison camp, Ogher and Elshan had played cards with him until late, then somehow, Elshan had fallen asleep against the carriage door. In Kalhar Ogher had offered him a drink, and contrary to what one would expect, he didn’t get drunk – it was the slowest pint he had ever seen. Ogher had explained that he wanted to be on the best of form for the trip. Then he was on the ship, trapped into going to Solara, before then he had been so certain of escape. The brothers had managed to obstruct each and every chance. He, needless to say, suspected conspiracy...
Slick’s attention was grasped suddenly then, a certain glint of the sun – Slick investigated the sparkle. It was the metalwork of the railgun – which currently belonged to an inanimate lump of organic material, shortly to be dumped (ceremoniously) and lost forever in the deeps of the sea. His needle climbed to its peak, as if nothing had happened – Slick knew he wanted a closer look – he gave the twine a few tugs, let it slip out of the needle... Then the needle fell, ostensibly as if unusual nothing had happened, Slick was a fumble fingers that was all.
“Oh!” he muttered. He peered into the ‘coffin’. He laid a hand on the rifle, sensing the cold and finding it, if not real, at least solid. It was platinum. He recognised that greyish white colour immediately. He felt the edges of the casing, and trembled. He took a quick glance around, no-one was watching him. It was cladding, it had just been glued on... He stuck his fingernail in at the edge he had just felt, and tugged gently. It lifted a slight. He felt his heart flutter now, how much was it worth?? He paused, stilling himself, how could he conceal it... platinum was soft, wasn’t it. Perhaps he could fold it up – just one of the plates...
He looked scornfully into the ruffling sea – such a waste. Not that he begrudged Aquarius, mistress of the seas anything – he added quickly to his dangerous thoughts. But, surely she had enough, wouldn’t miss just one little plate of platinum, there was an awful lot of stuff down there. Strictly speaking it wasn’t even hers yet, she seemed a generous sort anyway, all that fruit of the sea stuff – then there was that whole taking and not giving back thing. The part the sailors didn’t like, other than her fish’s head – she didn’t have quite the same allure as say a mermaid.
There was a whole sect that wistfully believed it was just a mask – then the ‘problem’ that the ‘Really-She-Has-A-Fish’s-Headists’ brought up was ‘how else could she breath’. Slick was okay with the whole not understanding things/mystery stuff, so he went with the preferable ‘mask’ belief. It struck Slick then, since he was thinking on religious matters, that maybe the dead fish had been a warning... And this discovery of the platinum – oddly like those fish scales, was a blessing... and he wasn’t going to take all of it. He shook his head – naah – the gods only had one use for him. He plucked at it again – if Aquarius wanted it she could sort it out for herself, if she really was a god.
The chaplain’s hand closed like a bear trap on Slick’s shoulder. He froze in terror of what might happen – the Priests of Infernus were quite into conversion by the sword... He let out a sharp gasp. Then with slow deliberation he turned round to look at his judge. He was staring, stony-faced, up into the sky.
“Look! Look!” he cried ecstatically, “...The Child of Infernus comes!” declared he thunderously. The priest looked down almost benevolently at Slick, indicating he too should gaze at this spectacle in reverence. He seemed impressed that Slick was on his knees.
Slick turned his eyes to the skies. There in the direction of the horizon, he could see the clouds ripple and unfurl, expanding in hues of crimson and peach, streaks chased their way towards them. Slick back over his shoulder, no the sun was neither setting nor rising, it was just hitting the expected midday position. Then, as they were watching, a brightly glowing blob, comet, burst out of the cloud and plummeted directly into the sea. They heard a crack of thunder, caused by the shocked air. It was indeed like a demi-god coming to earth announcing his presence. Within moments a huge swell passed under the ship. If she had been seaborne, she would have been swallowed immediately, as many other vessels were that hour.
The sergeant, crusty lipped and warty faced, stirred, “Well, whatever it was it was big...” he declared, but despite his non-committal and certainly secular comment, the priest crumpled to his knees, rigorously bashing his sword on the deck and crying out his prayers in a tremendous voice. Either he was a true believer, or determined actor – or worse still, both.
“Come on, get on with it!” the Sergeant directed his unease with this flagrant mysticism at Slick. He gave him a light kick in the ribs.
Slick gave the platinum plated railgun a plaintive, guilty and longing look. He sighed as he threaded the needle and resumed sowing. It looked like Aquarius was going to get her way after all.
An alarm began to sound then. The Kuan-Aree would be under-way again in a moment. A few seconds later her engines powered on, and she began to accelerate.
“Hurry up!” The Sergeant goaded the undertakers. It was in all their interests really to get moving – and while they were still on deck the Kuan-Aree would have to go slow. Slick grumbled to himself, still puzzling as to what the spectacle had been.
It was of course, not Infernus, nor his child, offspring of the gods – but the Black Dragon. Most of the crew were oblivious to this fact, the apprentices on the scanners had missed it, and the bridge crew too busy with getting under-way to take note of the skies. The thunder was assumed to be another escaped sound from the battle about Solara, which as yet there had been no text update on.
The last of the bodies were pushed of into the sea, after the priest had quite recovered himself. The engineers finished up the last few touches to the Kuan-Aree’s structure and surface. The deck was cleared and the Kuan-Aree sped up to her new maximum speed. The journey soon ending was resumed, with only one more compulsory stop planned.

Chapter 13: Trouble at Trella
“At least we’ll die with harness on our back.”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

Loydre fell. A false tinny note screeched out, ending yet another wistful tune. The rocks, stones, concrete and composite plasto-ceramic plates, girders, guns and Solaran Guards tumbled down, as the ground gave way under a thirty metre section. The High Marshal let it fall. The flute clattered and broke on the floor, his heel caught the centre piece as he spun around to face the commotion. It fired across the floor under the cabinet. He strode on to the balcony, closing his hands of the railing with an iron grip, whitening his already age paled knuckles.
He had haunted the balcony much of the morning, contrary to his resolution to shield his eyes from the sacking of his beloved city. He had seen the predictable fall of Daing’n, and the subsequent skirmishing in the suburbs of the city. He had seen buildings familiar to his vista disappear, replaced by indecipherable heaps of rubble. The ordnance the Es’stons had dropped on suburbia ahead of their troops had reduced the main residential districts to what looked unmistakably like... a war zone. The heart of Seatus was being cut cruelly, and everything Seatus stood for, was being levelled and marched upon with filthy boots.
Now Loydre had fallen – the unfathomable, he knew it in his heart, or felt it. The moment the Black Dragon had rent through the heavens, he knew with all his being that Solara would be lost. It had really happened, his forebodings coming true. For hours he had watched Es’ston warriors pile their corpses by it, he had almost begun to doubt these portents. Loydre had looked unconquerable, indefatigable and immovable as the ages – but it had fallen. Or least, soon would. An open section of that thirty metres or so could not be defended long without an unacceptable toll. It would hold – the High Marshal estimated – for perhaps another fifteen minutes to half an hour.
The Es’ston miners had skirted their way through the network of unpleasant surprises; sonic shields and mines, water holes – and of course the unstable mixture of limestone, chalk, and volcanic rock. One minute you could pull the ground away with your hands, the next you would need high explosives. The sonic shields were designed to set up resonant waveforms along the length of a tunnel, potentially causing a complete collapse. At the least they made it impossible for a miner to stand on his legs or operate the machinery, with the extreme nausea the emitters could cause.
It should had been all but impossible; but all the risks had been calculated, and the appropriate men and equipment laid in. It was not impossible, merely supremely difficult – and they had done it. Loydre, which on another day might have been the sticking point, had been compromised. And the Es’stons had a tremendous momentum worked up now, every soldier believed it was possible. Solara could fall, that they could win the war within their generation.
The High Marshal thumped the railing. It was all futile, he who held supreme power on Seatus, could not prevent it. All his strategies and plans could not hold them back – too slow... just another five years, but it was to be snatched from his grasp. The lost future left a bitter taste that seemed to gnaw at his innards. Soon the greater part of Solara would lie in ruins. He flicked his head to the side as if he had been struck. He gazed instead at the featureless door jamb, biting his trembling lip. He squinted his eyes to hold back the tears – as he had always done when inclined to cry. How terrible that Solara should fall under him.
How terrible that he should live to see this day, the hour of defeat. He felt he should die now, he should never have seen this. The gods, or whatever it was the guided the destinies of the universe should have had mercy on him, and killed him before. And he who had more power than any man, knew what a joke it was that a man made his own destiny. Oh he could alter the fates of men, but ultimately his own fate was not in his hands, and whatever these powers were -if the universe wasn’t all merely dream or simply a random fluctuation of energy- used him simply as a device.
What was life, but a joke, that he had ever imagined being the saviour of Seatus, all was meaningless, worthless – what existence could there be once Solara was desolate. How he envied the men that threw themselves into the breach, those men died before they knew the dreadful fate...
Why? Why was he here? To stay in this room, he would inevitably be captured by the Es’stons. What a trophy that would be for them! There would be imprisonment, humiliation, and war-crimes trials. He would be the villain, the man who had begun it all. He looked again at the men who bravely tried to hold the Es’stons back at the gap. Es’stons and Seatons nose to nose, dying. But what a death! Thought the High Marshal. What a fool he was, how much better to die a failed warrior, than a coward hiding in his rooms – like one of the Assembly politicians. He clenched his fist, emboldened of purpose, folding his arm up so his fist met his lips.
“Tutil! Tutil!” he bellowed, calling his man-servant. A man dressed in the most ridiculous formal attire came running. Tutil was trusted, a man of good social standing, and about as politically dangerous as a poodle. He knew he was there for a job, to attend the High Marshal4. He was a professional, and incorruptible. He generally waited just outside for occasions such as this.
“Yes Sir!” Tutil stood ready to serve.
“Get me my armour!” he demanded. He grinned slightly, contented that he had found a suitable way to end his life. Tutil ran off again. “At least I’ll die in fitting grave clothes...” he muttered to himself. The man-servant returned in an instant. He came pushing a mannequin on a trolley. The mannequin bore the elaborate plates of the High Marshal’s armour. Over his shoulder hung the undersuit.
Since he had taken up the office of supreme military commander – harried by numerous sub-commanders – the High Marshal had never had the opportunity to venture into real battle. His heart thrilled at the thought, infused by a peculiar cocktail of fear, despair, hate, murderous intent, and iron resolve. Having been a soldier for the majority of his two hundred and sixty four years, he had kept up his training, and practised his skills daily. However his last battle, was over a hundred years ago. The memories were distant now, they had lost a lot of their potency, and the real presence, the taste of death, a mere shadow. It would be like the first time all over again – for the last time.
Tutil held out the undersuit obediently. He was certainly perplexed by this order and had morbid suspicions of what the High Marshal was thinking, but he said nothing. It was not his place. The High Marshal took the suit and pulled it on, Tutil helped him seal it. Then he began to detach the plates from the mannequin, placing them with care on the High Marshal. The armour was grand and extravagant, gold enamelled, with purple trimmings and intricate etching. It was said that the etching’s told the entire history of Seatus, at least, until the sayer was presented with a history book. It did carry the testament of all the previous High Marshals, re-engraved every time the armour was tweaked or updated. Like a kind of ancestral accountability.
It was intended for ceremony. It was real enough though, only it wasn’t considered a good idea to send the High Marshal into battle, or particularly not in bright attention grabbing armour. All the same, in the case of the Es’stons carrying a “Hey I’m a big important leader” banner was advisable since this make it less likely you would be sniped.
The High Marshal waited impatiently on Tutil’s care and reverence... He adjusted his gauntlets. He would have to check in with the battle room he decided – to get a general idea of the battle. Even his reckless fatalism could not overcome his deeply ingrained tactical instincts. In the Seaton army and culture, every man had to be placed with care. Every man had to achieve his potential on the battlefield, lives were only exchanged for the appropriate fee, and Seatons were expensive. The High Marshal chose to die in the defence of Solara surely, but not to die foolishly – where was the honour in that? He stared down at his gilded hands. He would make an end of it... images of Es’stons being outmanoeuvred and dying in their thousands, at his hands flashed before him. Then finally when the Es’stons had paid the price for a High Marshal, he would fall, overrun, but never, ever defeated. This was his resolve.
He marched off through the door, startling his ‘body guards’ who quickly fell in step behind. Tutil, mute, bidding, held his tongue, more concerned now that he had ever had cause for before, he struggled after him. He carried the shoulder plates, helmet and sword that the High Marshal had left behind in his impetuous eagerness to die.

The Battle room resonated with a cacophonic melody of voices; tones of concern, of anger, of aloof wisdom, arrogance, intelligent tactical babbling, short whispers of harsh realities – all this punctuated with clack of counters, bleep of annoying unmuted user interfaces, frantic comms, flashing of bright displays showed the ever dynamic face of battle. People ran about with seeming important alacrity. The motions, and snap decisions here, could mean the life and death of thousands – even the mission of finding a pen and paper, or getting another cup of coffee could rise to paramount importance. This was Central Command the head of heads – a kind of reverse hydra, one head connecting a great many bodies.
The vast underground hall that was loosely speaking the Battle room, had been partitioned up. Tables, monitors, computers had been laid out. There were wheels within wheels, commanders, captains, primus captains, marshals, almost an entire hierarchy of command – all trying to co-ordinate the killing machines. The complete impression was that of a war-games convention or championship, they even had models and counters in some cases. Others had more sophisticated holographic tables, 2d renders on giant screens, or pin relief tables. 
However there were no dice, and no squabbling over rules, leafing through books. There were no rules here, only statistics, probabilities and the dark abrupt truth of reality. The opponent was invisible, his thoughts only betrayed by the Es’ston troop movements – otherwise guessed at by learned lieutenants, tacticians and the commanders.
The High Marshal marched through the crowds, swatting away the random lieutenants and advisors. Incidentally diverting a number of coffee cups of salvation and papers of ‘instant understanding through scribbles’. He made his way to the centre of the room, where Marshal Rethell (who temporarily had together the Solaran, Kellsati and Terranchi Armies under his thumb) was devising and deciding the defence of Solara.
The High Marshal grabbed the railing, and pulled a first foot up the metal cross-hatched steps. The central area was raised with battlements, or crenellations about it, in case there was any kind of last stand... This was well within the scope of the Solaran mind that had designed the interior – how could any living Seaton surrender the precious city while he still drew breath?!
‘Clunk’ went his weighty armoured boot. He was confounded then, discovering he couldn’t raise it now to the next step. He wondered briefly if he really was getting too old. He pulled at his leg. His toe had stuck in the gap between the steps. He wrangled it free, striding on only to be stopped abruptly, meeting Rethell at the next step. They came face to face, an unusual situation for the High Marshal who was a head taller.
“Marshal Rethell...” he said in mild surprise.
“Ah, my most venerable High Marshal – we’ve been expecting you all morning,” Rethell returned a wry almost pained smile.
“I’ve come to review the battle situation...” The High Marshal explained.
“I thought you had music to practise – rather more important than conducting a battle...” Rethell declared scathingly, not moving from the imposing, uncomfortable position. Rethell was after all Solaran and not disposed to giving way to another being.
“I noted an obvious display of incompetence, I made the mistake of trusting my commanders.”
“And what was that?” Rethell asked, unaware of where this incompetence had been displayed. He was certain he had been fully competent all morning.
“I saw Loydre fall...”
Rethell coughed, his illusion scattered as morning mists by the afternoon. It was not his incompetence, but he was accountable for its fall... “Have you seen Pelnias this morning,” he directed his gaze at one of the large screens hanging from the ceiling. Around the room various views of Solara were displayed.
The High Marshal glanced over, and blanched somewhat. The smoke and debris had drifted away, and exposed the three decapitated and cratered mountains.
“What happened?!” he exclaimed in clearly false tones. He knew that he shouldn’t have done it now.
“A rather timely eruption, so they say, some odd rumours about radioactivity, apparently the Es’ston generators don’t quite account for all of it. Quite mars the view I think,” Rethell finished reflectively.
“You can hardly expect me to hold back the inexorable geological forces,” the High Marshal said lightly, recognising the accusatory tone, “I may be supreme leader of Seatus, but I’m not a god...”
“Which is just as well,” Rethell said sharply, the High Marshal didn’t respond. “I want to talk in private.” He pointed across to one of the conference rooms. They would be sound proofed.
The High Marshal began to quake with wrath, insulted at this subordination – It was he who declared when or not a private conference was necessary. He refrained from wringing the marshal’s neck.
“We don’t need to talk in private, I only wish to assess our defence...” He said in a restrained tone.
“I would prefer to speak to you privately...” The implication being that otherwise Rethell would speak publicly.
The High Marshal caught the threat, “I suppose, if you insist...”
“We’ll discuss the battle later...” Rethell turned to his officers, “Make sure you hold the breach for at least another five!” he bellowed, “I’ll be back in a moment...” He gave the High Marshal a look, and then strode towards the private room – followed reluctantly by a very irate almost supreme leader. Rethell closed the door after them, muting the humdrum.
“What is this about Rethell?”
“Won’t you take a seat Sir?” Rethell pulled out a chair for him. The High Marshal’s face remained steely and taut.
“I’ll stand, thank you...”
“Fine by me…” Rethell declared, taking seat himself. He rocked the swivel chair gently form side to side, “Tell me,” He waggled a finger, with a curious expression on his face, “Why are you in your armour?” It was a mere perplexity rather than the object of the discussion.
“I’m ready to rally the men – lead a charge with my personal guard... That is all.”
“That would be quite something...” Rethell pulled absently at the sleeve of his jacket, it was slightly too short. He was silent for a moment, obviously preparing to drop the blow. “You and I both know what happened this morning at Pelnias...” he began in a frank tone. The High Marshal didn’t respond. “– There’s no proof of course, just as well – but that only matters to the casual observers. You’ve made it easy to turn a blind eye... Nevertheless...” He tapped the table repeatedly with the tips of his fingers, “Politically, it could be devastating... Everyone knows, whether or not they will admit or declare it publicly. More particularly everyone knew before it even happened! The Es’stons have very good intelligence at the moment – despite the best intentions of the Department of Internal Investigations. Regardless, you can’t make six custom built anti-matter bombs without someone noticing...”
“What are you saying Rethell?” the High Marshal growled.
“There would not have been an untimely meteor shower today if there had not been a timely eruption of Pelnias. The Es’stons did not initiate this – Heaven knows, fifty years ago they could have been using mass drivers against us...” Rethell managed to cut himself off before he went further, and went completely beyond the safety of metaphor – or lies. “We lost the New Solara today, at least half her crew never made it out, and the rest of the fleet is crippled.
“And you hold me accountable?!” The High Marshal spluttered into his face, seething, loomed threateningly over the Marshal.
Rethell launched out of his chair, no longer happy with this position of subordination, “Me?! Well, how could I hold you accountable for and unavoidable natural disaster – you are not a god!” he pronounced. He turned and paced to the end of the room, looking out the window into the battle-room. “– But the Assembly might start getting worried that you think you are... And the Battlecruiser Marshals I’m sure dislike being caught in meteor showers...”
“Is that some kind of threat Rethell – speak frankly, I don’t care for this forked tongue of yours – we’re in a sound proofed room...” The High Marshal followed him over to the window. Rethell didn’t answer. This only served to infuriate the High Marshal more, rather than encourage the introspection Rethell was hoping for. “... Why you treacherous, conniving, ambitious ...” He raised his fist to strike him. Rethell spun and caught it. “Damoclus been speaking to you has he?” the High Marshal sneered.
A flicker of anger quivered through Rethell’s otherwise carefully serene face. How could he be so unreasonable! That he should suspect him of desiring his position, his loyalty to Seatus - “I’m not one of Damoclus’ lackeys if that’s what you’re implying. Nor do I have aspirations to be High Marshal, my sole desire is to serve Seatus as best I can in the position I have been afforded... I merely point out that if certain behaviour continues, there will be certain consequences... Political isolation...” Sensing the High Marshal relax, he released the fist, “You over played your hand that is all...”
“You’re with me then...” The High Marshal searched Rethell’s eyes for some glimmer of loyalty – he saw a concern that could only stem from loyalty.
“I don’t want to see this war end before we’ve had a chance to win it... If we beat the Es’stons today, it could be as much as five years before they can muster a credible offensive force. We need time – I don’t want to see them pushed to make catastrophic decisions...”
Rethell was with him, even if in a somewhat peculiar, almost insubordinate manner. “Good,” he said greatly eased, “Now Rethell, I came here to learn the state of battle, and see if I might do something productive – not to get a rap across the knuckles from a concerned officer... I know the consequences of my actions...”
Rethell was worried, but Damoclus attitude was not the right one, they had to win the war. Pulling apart the establishment, civil war, was no way to achieve that. “Just don’t forget the Assembly...” he advised.
“The Assembly are a bunch of stiff suited bean pushers! No, we, Rethell – we are concerned with victory. The Assembly can sort themselves out...” The High Marshal made his way over to the door, “Are you going to give me this overview or not?”
“Right, sir...” Marshal Rethell followed.
He was uncertain what he had achieved, and if anything more worried. Had he not more or less just said there was not real authority over him? And worse, to a certain degree it was true, the clout of the Assembly was much reduced – by necessity of course – and they couldn’t do much more than keep the infrastructure limping along.

“We had to hold the breach you understand, for a successful fall-back manoeuvre...” Rethell passed his hand over the part of the holographic image where the breach was represented. The minute model of Solara had been updated by now show the damage. In other areas, there were place markers to indicate damage, blocked paths, fallen or damaged buildings and so on – until the model would be updated again. “We weren’t expecting the wall to fall quite this early, in fact we rather thought that it might hold – so things are a bit ramshackle at the moment. - There the men at the breach have started the final phase of the retreat manoeuvre. The cost will be heavy on those divisions,” Rethell said regretfully, “But it has enabled the rest of the defenders to get back to Cruahoreling relatively unscathed...”
“How did they managed to do it undetected – the miners I mean...” The High Marshal demanded it such a way that suggested that he wanted to see heads roll.
Rethell, looked up sharply, from his peering at the tactical display. He was at a loss for a moment, being unaware as many of the explanation. These men were not interested in the ‘whys’ for now, they were concerned with the ‘what nows’. “I.. Well... there’s such a lot of digging going on, and it’s not always possible to see where exactly – all the time,” Rethell indicated the vast size of Solara and her fallen walls, “Inevitably some slip through the nets, so to speak...” he returned to the table, eager to get on with it. He knew he wasn’t in the High Marshal’s good books right now, and was a bit wary. “At any rate, it’s served to condense our forces, which means we can give the Es’stons a tougher time of it, and those nets are a great deal smaller. It would be an impossibility for them to take Cruahoreling now... Even without the Terranchi!” He declared with great faith.
“Unless there are more under-miners you haven’t noticed...” The High Marshal said dryly.
“These walls are much easier to defend – I don’t see that as a real possibility.”
Rethell did not mention his concerns about the catacombs, the underground defensive lines were now much farther out than the wall – if the Es’stons had suitable digging equipment and the gall to try it... He had prepared a secondary line, just in case of such an eventuality – improbable though it was, what with the sonic emitters.
“Of course, this might be a good thing from a military point of view – but I have to ask Rethell, what are you defending if over three quarters of the city is already lost...” The High Marshal proposed, his well pronounced words sated with barbs.
Rethell stared at the small circle of defence that remained, and the vast areas of crumbling, ruined, abandoned city and suburbs. All that was left was the old inner city, certainly the most precious and aged buildings were there, the foundations of Solara, and memories of ages past... But so much lost, left to be looted and ravaged by the invaders... He pulled on his ill cut sleeve nervously, aware that his purpose and function was under scrutiny. Had he stepped the line, was the High Marshal determined to discredit him, have him sacked... Or perhaps he was just trying to reinforce his authority. Rethell pulled himself together, he knew all the reasonable replies to this.
“There’s still a quarter left Sir, the lives of the people, and the Es’stons cannot yet claim to have captured a Seaton city,” he said decidedly.
“No... not yet...” The High Marshal said slowly. He decided not to voice his thoughts on how he felt the defence would go...
Rethell turned to the next table, “The Es’ston reinforcements are thinning out substantially,” he announced more cheerfully. “Marshal Erith reports that the Es’ston fleet will likely begin a retreat soon.”
“What’s this,” The High Marshal waggled a finger at the offending part of the display that had caught his attention.
“Ah – yes...” This was unpleasant, a moment ago it was just another battle, and he had viewed it with that remote tactical eye – tactically, it was merely an eventuality, a given. “The Es’stons have noted that their position is not very defensible, and being aware that in the next hour or so the Terranchi army will be bearing down on them... They’re repositioning inside Daing’n... Ehem...” Rethell cleared his throat.
“They’re going to use our defensive walls!” The High Marshal thundered. He fumed, almost visible, putting one in the mind of a bristling dog – not wise to move quickly.
“I think anyone would do it in their position...”
“So ordinance is ruled out...”
Rethell almost squirmed visibly, “Unless we want to shell our own city,” Rethell said evenly, giving one of his deputies a meaningful look to say, ‘Cancel that last order’. “– On the plus side their direct fire lasers and so on will be less that useful at that range...” he added.
“Shell it,” The High Marshal said resolutely, “I don’t want that filth using Solara’s walls,” He grimaced in disgust at the thought.
“Yes- Sir...” Rethell had anticipated wrongly. He was difficult to predict, perhaps because he was after blood... “This move is costing them,” he reassured, “They keep breaking shield cover – discipline is poor. They can’t seem to keep any kind of formation – and the Black Dragon’s guns are tremendously efficacious... And here, her hover-bike units are really harrying the movement with their hit and run approach, drawing the Es’stons out where they are exposed. This seaward flank here is in pandemonium, and it’s slowing the entire army down...” Rethell expounded, delighted there was something so obviously positive to detail. On reflection it was likely the Es’ston commanders might soon ditch the flank, and the reward being to hold up the harriers and the army could carry on much better – it was not much better than tit-for-tat. Still without the Black Dragon that bargain couldn’t have been made.
“Are you telling me... that it’s a good thing that the Black Dragon had landed on the planet – to all intents and purposes – destroyed!”
“Well...” began Rethell.

*	*	*	*	*
Meanwhile, or rather some time earlier, Magen’s convoy of tanks, trucks and assorted support vehicles splattered their way down a muddy, abandoned seeming road. They moved onwards into the dank, dripping, living jungle. Every vehicle was coated at least half way with the claggy red mud, but more unusually, for the casual observer (of which there were in fact none), every vehicle had all its windows, and vision slots boarded or blocked up.
The Division – there were now only enough men for one according to the rules – had arrived on the Island of Trella. The wounded had been dropped off an hour or so ago in a port city in Jahiro. Then the supplies had been loaded onto the trucks on arrival in the once thriving, now war-torn port town of Istle. These two operations went smoothly without ado. It was only when the vehicles were being boarded up that some of the men had demanded to know where they were going and why they had to go their in coffins. Here, Magen had delegated to Dektri, who told them some adequate lies.
“So why all this secrecy?” Yicle asked the semi-comatose Magen. 
Magen lolled unevenly on the bench opposite to the motion of their vehicle, napping lightly. Receiving no response, Yicle rapped on the rusty metal table that lay between them. He knew he’d heard, by the twitch of a lip.
On sound advice Magen had taken a mobile tactical command vehicle – in this case, not atypically, a Defender tank. It was old – had been through the wars so to speak – battered and in rough shape. A number of lights had been smashed, but not replaced, making the interior seem dingy and dim – which it was. Green algae had grown up from the corners, a white powdery mould covered anything remotely organic, and even occasionally seemed to be feeding off the algae. The tank had after all been stored and used in the damp airs of Terranch. The benches either side, had once been well upholstered – at some point there had been a fire, and now only wire mesh remained to sit on. Not that it was a difficulty for Magen’s armoured entourage. A few extra faces had been added, Dektri insisting on a bodyguard. 
Much more bothersome, than the poor furnishings, was a persistent, annoying, grinding noise. It had only manifested itself after they were well under-way. Elshan assured – if rather vaguely – that it was fine, only a bit of grit working its way out, his assurance ended with an “I’m an engineer trust me” type of statement.
The handholds on the rack above swung in a lulling almost soothing manner as the tank hit a rise in the road. 
Magen yawned, “...We’re going to be using one of the few useful escape tunnels leading from Solara. I suspect our great leaders, perhaps would be thankful if we manage to keep it from being common knowledge. In fact, I believe it was a direct order that we take certain measures,” he glanced over at Dektri, “In my view, this makes a good deal of sense, in particular, being equipped with the knowledge that there is a spy in our ranks...” he finished with a weary drawl. It had been a long day, it still was day... and logistics were hurting his head, they were much worse than Saar’ha’s fluid fantasy world.
“It’s not particularly well defended then?” Yicle fiddled with his blaster in a distracting manner, he pulled the power cell out again and revolved it in his hand.
“It is defended,” Dektri said evenly, “It just happens part of that defence is its secrecy.”
“I don’t know why it bothers you...” Magen said simply.
“Just curious. I guess I like to know where I’m going, and what to expect. All this just seems a bit paranoid to me...”
“There’s good basis for paranoia in this case...” Magen muttered.
Tyr’uc shifted, “I’m not sure though, it’s such a good idea relying on a computer program to control all the vehicles and tanks. Seems to me you could just send a signal and the whole convoy would crash. No-one would see it coming, what with all the windows being blocked and wristlets disabled...” he voiced.
“An unnecessary risk – eh?” Dektri smiled, “I was under the impression that you were a bit of a computer worshipper...”
“Worshipper? No. More like a computer god,” Tyr’uc claimed grandly, “You see we are meant to be the masters, and computers the slaves. I would never put a computer in a position of authority...”
“Mmmh,” Magen sounded in semi-agreement.
“Do we really need to get in before the end of the siege anyway?”
“Who knows – when a command comes from on High,” Elshan gestured at the ceiling, “It’s a good idea to listen...”
“Are you going on about this Cru’athor junk again?” Yicle sighed.
Elshan gave a non-committal look, suggesting if Yicle wanted to take it as relating to the Uncreated, he was welcome to do so.
“I’m not sure I can trust a bunch of marshals who don’t even know of my existence, with my life...” Tyr’uc went on.
“Well you don’t have to worry – you’re safe and sound in the lead tank,” Curiba joined in, mainly to make Tyr’uc look stupid, which she still quite enjoyed doing, “Saar’ha is an excellent driver too, so I think you’re just fussing so that you can complain about people who you know nothing about.”
“Well maybe I was concerned about others...” Tyr’uc stiffened up defensively.
“That’s funny I hadn’t noticed you caring about anything other than yourself before...” Curiba continued on, for reasons, only known to herself – and perhaps not even herself.
“Saar’ha?” Magen called, sensing it might be best to disrupt the potential fight.
“Yes?” She had never driven a tank before, or an entire convoy either – but Magen had asked if she was able, she’d been sure that she was. Given the opportunity Saar’ha believed that she could master just about anything. It was true in most cases, and fortunately, also in this one.
“How much longer – any idea?”
“Nearly there,” she said confidently. She gunned the accelerator harshly, there was a fallen tree in their path – or there had been. The Defender brushed it away easily.
“This would be a brilliant opportunity for the Es’stons to strike us. I think it was a mistake – especially considering the spy,” Tyr’uc pursued.
“Stop worrying, we’ll be there soon,” Magen snapped – aware of the truth. This had indeed created a vulnerability on which the infamous Atilbe could use to strike. Though, having gone over this ground before with Dektri, he just couldn’t see what it would achieve for the mastermind.
Yicle rubbed his hands gleefully, “Oh man! I can’t wait for a bit of R and R!” he exclaimed.
“We still have to make sure all these supplies get to their appropriate destinations, and no doubt there’ll be work to do, people to be re-housed...” Magen began.
“And order to be restored...” Elshan added.
“Yes – but you’re right Yicle, I wouldn’t expect any more action, not if we really are to be posted at the Tower of Light.”
“Yeah...” Slick bore a thoughtful expression, “And if we’re protectin’ the gentry, so to speak, we mightn’t have to do too much of that humany stuff – not of the muckin’ about in the outer city...” Slick added.
“Er... right...” Magen said unenthusiastically. He did feel like letting it all go and just... chilling, but, there were going to be people in dire need.
“I don’t think I’ll be able to help much anyway...” Tyr’uc commented, “I mean I do computers...”
“I doesn’t take much skill to clear rubble...” Elshan suggested.
“Oh!” Yicle cried as if he had had sudden inspiration, but the strip light above him did not take the hint to light up, “You mean humanitarian...” he said to Slick.
This seemed to have an undue effect on Slick, “Um, yeah... humany stuff...” he muttered quietly. He returned to his silent moping. The conversation lapsed, Magen fixed his gaze on the hypnotic rocking handhold, while Yicle relocated his power cell again.
The Defender jolted to a halt.
“Is there a problem?” Magen called to the cockpit.
“No – we’re here...”
“Ah...” Magen reflected briefly on the image of the entire convoy coming to a stop in like manner. All the vehicle were using Saar’ha’s lead to follow the same path. Every turn, acceleration and braking was translated in real time for each of the vehicles, taking into account their own environment variables, turning circle, road friction, momentum and so on. All perfectly emulating Saar’ha’s reckless driving... Magen wondered if there hadn’t been someone more suited to the task.
“Let’s go,” she grabbed her gun from the weapons rack beside her and marched briskly to the door. She indicated that all the unauthorised personnel should avert their eyes. Then she tapped the keypad, and pulled the release lever and dropped the hatch. Magen and Dektri also picked up their blasters then, and followed her out. Magen gave Dektri an enquiring look, Saar’ha was not in the plan though she was one of the few privy to the details. Dektri returned an “I’m not going to argue with her” look. It always impressed Magen how much these non-telepaths used telepathy, a lot of information could be transmitted silently with just a few flexes of the pertinent facial muscles.
They were struck by the lashing tropic rain, and Dektri’s face became an incomprehensible ‘wet’. It was the kind that came in thick obscuring iron grey sheets. They couldn’t see beyond a metre or so, just the shifting shadows of flopping leaves and waving branches, threatening ghostly movements. It was warm too, in a way that seemed to neutralise the normally refreshing quality that rain can have on a hot summer’s day in South Terranch. The jungle air was heavy and difficult to breathe. Just standing seemed something of a battle with the battering elements and constricted vision.
“Glad I didn’t bother to wash my hair this morning,” Saar’ha remarked satirically, the option had not been available that morning due to the rude interruption of military life.
“Yes, it would have made the exercise quite pointless,” Dektri responded politely.
“I think I’ll go back and get my helmet...” Magen swithered, thinking he wanted to do something about this rain.
“You’re soaked now aren’t you?” Saar’ha indicated, “Let’s just go... I think you know the way...”
“You’re right...” Magen decided, “Now the rendezvous point is a bit off the beaten track. We’ll have to hike through a bit of jungle...” he explained. He consulted his wristlet, tilting it so he could read it – a complex operation as it turned out. At one angle the screen was occluded by the rain running in streams down it, at another, his eyes would swim with rain. He ungloved his right hand and gave it a few wipes, eventually managed to get his bearings.
“This way!” Magen pointed and then returned his hand to the gauntlet. He stepped off into the thick, viney, clingy undergrowth. It pulled at him, and if he hadn’t been in armour would have lacerated him, but through the armour it became reminiscent of wading through the deep snow of North Terranch.
“Use your sword Magen!” Saar’ha directed seeing he was becoming bogged down by the trapping jungle sinews.
“Good idea!” he yelled back, realising the ineptitude of what he was trying to do. The only jungle he had ever faced was a meek little man-made thing back in North Ice Isle, one of the biospheres. He drew his sword and hacked devastatingly against the vegetation, which soon went on the retreat.
The three ploughed their way onwards. Magen cleared the path through the feathery ferns, the giant umbrella like glossy leaves, which trickled like ornamental fountains, through twisted thorns and the occasional spider unfortunate to fall under their boots. They trampled their way through the untamed preponderance of lower lifeforms.
“Was that a mushroom?” Magen wiped the wetted bright orange spores off his shoulder, which simply smeared over the blue. He left it to the rain to wash, and pointed at the offending lump of ‘foam’ he’d just cut down.
“No, I think it might be a fungus – mushrooms don’t grow out of trees...” Dektri explained.
“Actually, I think you’ll find mushrooms are a type of fungus...” Saar’ha said in her favoured dry tone.
“Yes, yes, but I believe not all fungi are mushrooms...” Dektri waggled a finger.
“I don’t really care which anyway – as long as it’s not poisonous...” Magen interrupted the biological debacle.
“They call them toadstools if they’re poisonous...” Dektri said. “I’m sure that’s only if they’re mushrooms though,” he mused.
“But is it poisonous!”
“No... no, not poisonous,” Dektri studied the sample with an air of recollection, “Not poisonous as per such... but I believe it can produce slight euphoric effects...”
“Well I don’t feel very euphoric right now,” Magen grumbled.
“That would be the rain offsetting it,” Saar’ha rationalized.
“Well it did just let out a bunch of... of...” he couldn’t remember the Seaton word.
“Spores...” Saar’ha helped.
“Yes, in my face...”
“I wouldn’t worry... it has to be cooked first and then left to sit for a few hours, to be most effective,” Dektri elaborated, “It’s best sun-dried...”
“Dektri? - would this perchance be an illegal narcotic?” Magen tapped the fungus with his sword.
“Let’s move on maybe...”
“Why is it you’re in the Guard again?”
“Warehouse full of clothes burnt down – I mentioned it before...” Dektri said, his face a mask.
“Just clothes then?” Saar’ha cut in sharply.
“Yes of course – I never did trade in drugs...”
“So why do you know...” Magen pursued.
“Shh...” Saar’ha hissed, “- I think I heard something...”
“How on earth could you possibly – I can hardly hear myself,” Magen expostulated... Saar’ha gave him a look, “Oh.” They went quiet, Saar’ha closed her eyes...
Plop!
“What the??” rose an exclamation from behind, followed by; “Aughh! Get off you stupid lump!”
“Yicle?” Magen and Saar’ha said to each other.
“I am not surprised,” Saar’ha continued disdainfully.
Magen beat his way rapidly back through the brush, the branches slapping back at him and the large bowl like leaves dousing him. He heard further panicked shouts from Yicle – it must be a tiger or some such thing he thought – not being well acquainted with jungle fauna other than that of children’s story books. He had no real idea what to expect. He stumbled upon Yicle, he was writhing face down in the mud and undergrowth. He thumped his fists in futile on the ground, unable to get up. There was a large gelatinous ‘ooze’ on his back, it was perhaps a full metre long.
“What the heck is that?!” Magen cried, unsure whether or not to be afraid of this hitherto unknown, alien, organism. He shook his sword at the hideous slimy thing, keeping his distance, lest it make any sudden moves.
“I don’t care...” Yicle said mordantly, “Well – don’t just stand there gawping!” he directed an ineffectual punch at his aggressor.
“Carnivorous slug...” Dektri huffed, catching up and incidentally proving that there were ways to get through the Guard’s fitness regime and remain incapable of an easy sprint. “There’s nothing to worry about...” he reassured.
“What! It might eat me!”
“No you’re fine,” Saar’ha wandered up, “Just as long as it doesn’t find where your breathing through – so I would keep quite quiet,” she advised.
“My, my! It is a big one...” Dektri walked around giving the seemingly inert lump a prod with his toe. “- And heavy...” It’s virtually blind eye stalks waved around suspiciously, trying to find perhaps the source of this act of aggression. He took an instinctive, though still calm step back. He peered up into the tree, looking reflective.
“Er... right...” Magen looked at Saar’ha to see if she was interested in helping – she wasn’t. He rubbed his hands together and pushed on one end of it, in attempt to roll it off. It was very slippery. He managed to slime most of the front of his armour, falling against it.
“You don’t happen to have a spot of salt??” Yicle complained.
“No – and you shouldn’t even be here anyway...” Magen grunted, “I could just cut it open...” he considered.
Yicle propped himself up, “Thank you – no – that could make quite a mess...”
“Sprinkle some earth on it,” Dektri said distantly, still investigating the canopy above.
Magen looked around, “I’ve only got mud,” he declared shortly, thoroughly fed up with how useless he companions were being.
“True – quite true...” he confessed.
“What are you looking for?” Magen scrabbled for purchase on the ooze, finally managing to stand up again. He flicked his hands, to get rid of some of the slime.
“I’m not certain – but I think they may hunt in...”
Plop!
A fist sized slug landed on Magen’s shoulder. In horror he swiped it off.
“...Packs...” Dektri finished, his eye following the baby slug, “Er – run?” he suggested.
“Don’t leave me!” Yicle screamed.
Magen sliced the back end off the giant slug. It deflated... He gave Yicle a slippery hand, a few false and panicky attempts at grasping - slugs began plopping down all round – Their hand locked, and Magen heaved him up, and they all ran, with due haste.
“Phew!” Yicle breathed when they were clear, “I thought I was a goner there...”
“Why the heck are you not back at the tank!” Magen wrung his hands. The reprimand largely precipitated by the brush with slug death, “You nearly got us all killed!” Magen delivered the now very cliché line, “You know if –” he waggled a finger, “– if I was following orders – I would have you shot!” he fumed.
Yicle nonchalantly began rubbing the slime, mud and slug guts off. The activity was aided by the rain. “Just needed you know, the er...”
“Privy –” Saar’ha suggested.
“Ye-es, and besides – you’re not going to shoot me, are you?” Yicle continued. Magen seemed to contemplate this for a moment. He glanced at Dektri.
“No... though I’m sorely tempted,” Magen said through clenched teeth. “This place is meant to be secret...”
“Maybe,” said Yicle not looking at him, “But I reckon the Es’stons know about it already – so what’s the big deal about me, your friend and ‘comrade in arms’ knowing – I bet you trust me more than Dektri here...” he said stroppily.
“That’s no way to speak to a superior officer...” Magen said darkly.
“Not a superior human being...” Yicle replied, “Anyway it’s true, I don’t know why you should be so cantankerous about it,” he ended sulkily. Offended really that Magen had even suggested shooting him.
“What do you mean, know about it already?” Magen took a different angle, feeling he would prefer avoiding the issue of trusting Dektri. Frankly, he did not, but he had no choice in the matter – Mattias was much more like-minded, or at least accepting of his point of view. Worse, he now had to win Dektri’s trust, being distrustful was not a good way of achieving that.
“Yeah – why else did they land on Trella? And then the Terranchi army making a point of clearing them out...” Yicle explained.
“Well, maybe, but by the regular passage that still makes sense. - Anyway, just get back to the transport, and we’ll say no more...” Magen’s temper ebbed. His eye caught his fouled sword, he held it up for the rain to wash it. There was something very weird about it, it wasn’t frictionless, or weightless, a swing carried a natural momentum – it was just, perfect.
“What! And face those dropping slugs again – what if one falls on me and no-one is around to hear my screams,” he shuddered dramatically, “I know where we are now anyway, the cat’s out of the bag, so to speak...”
“Just do as I say – you can comm for help, and keep your sword drawn...” Magen said harshly.
“Yes sir!” Yicle drew his sword, holding his elbow at a rigid right angle, he spun and marched away with a ridiculous goose-step.
Dektri grinned, Magen scowled – he wasn’t in the mood for antics. He wanted to get all this over with, and a good night’s rest in Solara. He slashed angrily at the obstructing vegetation.
“Let’s get on with it...”
They pushed onwards. A few minutes later they were drawing close to their destination, Dektri tapped Magen on the shoulder.
“You know we must be careful – they will not be expecting us...” he cautioned.
“I know the sign...” Magen reminded him.
“Yes, but there may be truth in what Yicle said. Those Es’stons that attacked us earlier may well have known our entire route – the stewards might be wary that we are not Rossi and Salira...”
“I’ll bear it in mind,” he tightened his grip on his sword.
“Do not look so nervous,” Dektri hissed.
Saar’ha, who coolly carried the rear, mainly due to the advantage of having the path flattened for her, rather than any sense of humbleness, gave Dektri a prod.
“Just watch yourself,” she gave a sly smile, indicating the irony of Dektri’s worrying.
Magen moved off again... They entered a dark sheltered and muddy clearing not long after. Three wattle and daub huts stood there with the remains of a fire in the centre. A clothes line was strung between two of them, with a number of tatty and thoroughly wet garments pegged on it.
“Don’t think they’ll get much drying done today...” Saar’ha said.
“Anybody here!” Magen bellowed. There was no response, and it failed abysmally to echo dramatically, what with the ‘squelchyness’ all around.
Dektri dropped his blaster in the mud and withdrew his utility knife, “I will check it,” he explained, hiding the knife with his hand. “The blaster may cause panic – but it would be foolish to be unarmed...”
He went to the first, closest hut and peered in. He shook his head and went on to the next.
“Seems that no one is here,” He concluded upon investigating the last of the three.
“There is...” Saar’ha declared, “...Magen, maybe you should make that sign...”
“Heard them then?” Dektri asked somewhat mystified now as to how Saar’ha could pick out the sound of a person amidst the many other jungle noises.
“Saar’ha didn’t respond. She watched as Magen drew two parallel lines in the ground, scoring deeply so that they wouldn’t wash away. Instead they filled with water. He took a glance around, hoping that this action might have been visible. He did it again with deliberation – there was a rustle of leaves nearby, and a squelch of a footstep imprinting on the malleable mud. Magen whipped his head around to see.
A shadow had appeared in the mists to his right, dark and gaunt, it drew closer, emerging in distinction, as if an invisible painter were at work. It became a man, thin but not undernourished, his skin coloured a rugged reddish brown, ragged black hair hung damply over his forehead. The clothes he wore, bore similarity to those that hung on the line. They were old, and faded, patched many times and in the fashion of a past era. His eyes were a dark brown, cloaked with a grim, but fearful determination. He carried a stave, but unusually for a jungle dweller, no blade. He walked towards them in a long lolloping, silent stride. He approached Magen and his etching, seeming to pretend Dektri and Saar’ha weren’t there. Using his stave then, he crossed Magen’s lines with two perpendicular parallel lines.
Magen smiled, it had to be the contact. He drew and ‘x’ to the right of the centre box. It seemed best to complete the sign, Magen judged that somehow the steward deemed it to be important – he had approached with such solemnity. The man seemed initially startled by this new symbol. Magen worried for a moment, perhaps he had been expecting to win in a different way. He drew the ‘o’ in the corner above Magen’s. At ease again, Magen scribed his second ‘x’ in the box to the left of the centre – zeros of course, won the game. The man smiled, and extended a hand – Magen shook, standing up.
“Can you take us to the tunnel entrance then?” Magen asked, “I’m acting commander Magen Agasan – we ran into some Es’stons...” He explained. The man merely responded with a perplexed, confused look.
“Do you speak Seaton Basic?” Saar’ha stepped forward, with the sharp demand.
The man glanced at her, and then back to Magen – he seemed to come to a decision. He beckoned them to follow, waving an arm. Dektri stooped to pick up his blaster – the wild man uttered a cry, and then shook his head, having got Dektri’s attention.
“No weapons?” Dektri looked at Magen for confirmation.
“I think he’s nervous – we’re not the ones he was expecting... and I may have fudged the sign a bit. I think I was supposed to start at the top...”
“Well if you say so,” Dektri left the blaster.
Saar’ha picked it up, and indicated Magen should hand his over to her as well.
“No need to leave them out in the rain...” She explained as Magen swung his off his shoulder. She leaned towards the guide, “You left your washing out...” she said to the stranger. His eyes darted about in that wildly confused way.
“Saar’ha don’t toy with him,” Magen admonished. She turned away with a slight smirk. She left the blasters in the hut nearest.
“Let’s go then...” she waved on the guide.
Instead of moving off as she intended, he merely gave a suspicious eye to Magen’s sword. Magen noticing this immediately shook his head. He held the sword close to his breast, indicating he would not part with it, and that it was in some way precious to him. Then demonstratively, he sheathed it – showing he was not inclined to use it. The guide seemed to comprehend, and gave a shrug, seeing it was non-negotiable. He set off into the jungle then, the three scampered after him.
“I assumed it would just be guards posing as savages,” Dektri muttered, trying vainly to defend himself against the whipping branches, “Seems odd to leave a wild man in stewardship of this tunnel.”
“Savage?” Magen quizzed.
“I merely meant ‘one who does not partake of civilisation’, or at least, not much...”
Magen threw up an arm to shield his face, perhaps for this man cutting the plants would be an obscenity. “Perhaps it’s an advantage that he doesn’t speak Seaton Basic...” he replied.
“Maybe you could try some Solaran?” Dektri suggested beating down a particularly obstreperous fern.
“Seaton Basic is Solaran...” Magen sighed.
“Really? I never knew that!”
Was it sarcasm? Had Magen missed the joke? He couldn’t tell.
“I wonder where the other two are?” He spoke aloud.
“Watching perhaps,” Saar’ha said, while she gave a searching look around, with a certain perplexity.
“Something wrong?”
“No – but we seem to be alone...” she seemed to feel that they really shouldn’t be.
They walked on in silence. Magen considered what had happened back at the clearing and this strange guide. The men in the huts had only been described as ‘stewards’ in the orders. It did seem reasonable that they might actually be indigenous people. It certainly would not attract the attention of any invaders... Perhaps it was Saar’ha’s unease that was getting to him – but he had a growing sense of the unpleasant. He had a sudden chill, inspired thought - the washing... It had been hot yesterday any washing would have dried, and today it would have been overcast in the morning. Only a fool would have bothered to do washing – with the skies boding rain... The only explanation was that the dry washing had not been brought in the evening before, or that morning before the rain... Surely that could only mean one thing...
“Magen,” Saar’ha tapped his shoulder, causing him to start from his reverie. “You said only two others...”
“Well there might have been others that weren’t official...” How could he make such an elaborate theory out of a bunch of washing – he was being paranoid.
“I...” A dart landed on Saar’ha’s neck. Magen caught her in his arms as she dropped.
“Dektri! Grab him!” he yelled. The clothes washers had not been in attendance after all.
Dektri pounced, he grabbed the man’s shirt and pulled him irresistibly towards himself. His chance to escape was past, Dektri twisted his arm, and his knife slid smoothly out, in a manner that might even have impressed Slick. The man ceased struggling feeling the steel at his jugular.
“Hold still,” Dektri commanded, though the words were needles by the time they escaped his mouth. He looked piercingly into the jungle, trying to locate the assailants.
“...Es’stons...” Saar’ha breathed, she fell unconscious. Magen had already guessed as much. He let her to the swampy ground, and drew his sword. He stood on guard.
“Surrender, or we’ll kill your man!” Dektri bellowed, uncertain where to bellow.
There came a girly pixie like laugh. It was disturbing, and despite the innocent sound, they both knew the malice behind it.
“You are surrounded,” came a bold woman’s voice. It had an alluring quality to it, an exotic thick accent – it was Es’ston without a doubt.



Chapter 14: Fatal Beauty
“Fair is foul, and foul is fair;”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

“The Black Dragon!”
“Well...” Rethell began awkwardly. He wrestled under the gaze of the High Marshal. “It’s not something I would have chosen. If I’d had to I would have picked the New Solara, but the Black Dragon’s guns...” He didn’t want to make Inervy look too bad. He’d taken a rough blow.
“I demand to know who is responsible for this, this...” he was at a loss for the apt descriptive term, “...travesty!” he settled on.
Rethell was almost tempted to say ‘you’, but he wasn’t suffering from a ‘lacking in self-preservation instinct5’, he held his tongue on that count. “Captain-Marshal Inervy you see...” he didn’t get to complete his sentence.
“Inervy!” The High Marshal erupted as Pelnias, as if someone had placed and anti-matter bomb in his belly. He remembered Inervy, a little reticent in the council meetings, “Inervy, Terranchi, one of Damoclus’ cronies?” he sought confirmation.
“Actually sir, he’s two generations a Kellsati – of Terranchi descent – yes...” Rethell muttered.
“I want him on the line. What the hell was he thinking?” The High Marshal wrung his hands.
“I’m sure it wasn’t actually his fault, a minor error of judgement...” Rethell could not deny that Inervy had made a mistake. He didn’t particularly like Inervy either – but he didn’t want the High Marshal developing a mentality of hanging Marshals out to dry. Crash landing a Battlecruiser, he had to admit, was pretty damning – but a subtle mistake that anyone could have made, from the reports.
“Inervy!” The High Marshal greeted the 3D projection of the Captain with menacing tone.
“Yes sir!” Marshal Inervy saluted. He was not looking the happiest man, despite the condolences of his crew and High Command.
“Inervy, you are hereby stripped of your rank and I suspend you from duty for gross incompetence!” The High Marshal declared delightedly. Inervy flinched, he didn’t mind the suspension, or demotion – it was the word ‘incompetence’ that cut to the quick.
“Yes, sir...” Inervy responded, actually slightly relieved, he had an inclination to find a nice quiet, lonely dark corner. Somewhere to hide from the humiliation, and to drown his guilt. “Sorry sir...” He said genuinely, “I’m sorry I failed in my duties.”
The presentment of this ruined and broken man, did little to soften the High Marshal’s vengeful heart. Rather it pleased him at least to get the admission of guilt, the submission to his authority.
“What the Hell!” cried a voice off screen. It was Silas, the Black Dragon’s Chief Engineer. He pushed his way on. “You can’t do that!” he protested angrily.
“Why not – I’m the High Marshal, I judge as I see fit...” he replied eloquently, with certainty of his conviction.
“Ah...” gasped Silas aghast, “I – er...” At this point Silas realised he’d put his foot in it. Being of a philosophical incline, he determined to make the best of it. He resumed his disgruntled demeanour, “Well I don’t care who you are, it’s unjust! Inervy’s probably one of the best and most loyal captains you have – moreover it’s not even practical in the middle of a battle. A new captain coming on won’t have a clue what’s going on. Half an hour is too much to be wasted briefing!” Silas waved his finger about like it was some sort of sword. Inervy had wordlessly laid a restraining hand on his loyal engineer. “As supreme commander you don’t seem to have much of a clue about how things work...” Silas completed digging the pit – or grave.
The High Marshal gave a slightly bemused smirk, “You are also suspended from duty, for insubordination and obstruction – I think we’ll have you court-martialled for this...”
Rethell let out an audible groan. Silas was just encouraging him!
“Here hang on,” Inervy struck up, “That’s completely over the top! He didn’t even know who he was talking to – surely a disciplinary hearing, maybe a suspension of pay – but court martial?!!”
In the highly disciplined Seaton army, and particularly the Guard, a court martial generally took the form of the death penalty. A firing squad was the favoured method. One of the reasons for this could probably have been found at source in the recruiting methods used by the Guard. It stood to reason that if people were inducted into the Seaton Guard as punishment for their crimes, kicking them out of it again was unlikely to be an effective disciplinary recourse.
Marshal Rethell decided that he must act. This was far too public, with so many people watching – no doubt that pleased the High Marshal. It was completely impolitic...
“Sir,” Rethell gave a slight cough.
“Ye-es Rethell,” said the High Marshal in a tone normally associated with a rolling of the eyes.
“The Battlecruiser Marshals are already quite... displeased,” he put delicately, speaking out the corner of his mouth. He was already having premonitions of the next Council. It would be a bloodbath, or at least terribly disordered.
The High Marshal grunted, he was not so remote not to comprehend this. At the moment Erith was on his side, but he would not be one to misrepresent the battlecruiser captains, despite this loyalty.
“For now,” he resumed in lenient tones, “You may continue your work. After the battle, both of you will stand down, and you will prepare for assessment,” he closed comms, thoroughly dissatisfied. He would not forgive Inervy for downing a Battlecruiser.
“Thank you sir...” Rethell said, much relieved. The High Marshal regarded him coldly – though there was a glimmer of appreciation. He was beginning to see value in Rethell – as a politician.
A lieutenant rushed up, “Sir?”
“Yes?” replied the High Marshal.
The lieutenant cleared his drying throat, “The Superintendent of Records from AstroCom wants to speak to you, most urgently she says.”
“Does she now?” He couldn’t even begin to fathom what on earth that old hag wanted.

*	*	*	*	*
“...You can kill him if you like – he knows what his life may purchase...” the Es’ston woman said, almost goading Dektri.
“Who are you – and what do you want?” Magen interrogated firmly. With sinuous and malign slowness, the shadows of the stealthy Es’stons seeped out of the remote invisible view and into firm and worrying reality. Magen recognised the form of their armour.
“Es’ston Elites,” Dektri muttered, “In my estimation the ones that attacked us before – they are not squeamish...”
“These are the Crocha of Tyra – may you tremble in fear of their mighty name, and quake to know I am Nashak from the House of Nah’rhen, their leader...” A woman stepped out of the ether. She moved in a cat-like, arrogant and lascivious manner, almost like a fashion model, rather than a soldier. This was surely more intimidating to the two Guards, than if she had stepped out gruff and manly.
“Why should she have told us her name...” Magen conferred worriedly with Dektri.
“Vanity I guess. I do not like the look of this one...” he replied, noticing a steely, fiendish glint in her eye.
“Well what do you want?” Magen gave a sharp nod. She lived for fear and he would not give it to her. Instead he acted as if she was a petty obstruction.
She laughed, Magen’s dour manner unsettled her, “I would thought it rather obvious – we want to know where the entrance to this tunnel is...”
Dektri grabbed Magen’s shoulder roughly, in a slightly panicky manner just as he was about to respond, “Do not let them know that we do not know!” he hissed in native Terranchian. None of the Es’stons would know this barely used language – Seaton basic was the requisite for the invaders.
“We can’t give you that information,” Magen declared... Now – how were they going to get out of this one? Saar’ha could have probably done something rather spectacular. The future began to look bleak, there were perhaps ten of them. No chance to fight their way out, two steps and they would be dead. What was buying time going to do for them?
“Ah...” Nashak paced sideways, across her shield bearer. She tapped her lips with a finger, and gave Magen an elfish look. Magen indeed felt a tremor of fear, here was not just and enemy, but a devil or witch. “...You must be the idealist that commanded the Kuan-Aree,” She guessed, “Trust me, when we’re through with you, you won’t even know what to think, you won’t even know who you are...” She seemed to delight in this idea. She pointed at Saar’ha, “We have telepaths too, you know – you did know she was a telepath?” She noted Dektri’s befuddlement.
“Telepaths?” Dektri gave Magen an inquisitive look, seeing this revelation came as no surprise to him.
“They can read people’s minds – but only so far,” Magen kept a fixed eye on the warlord, “In reality they’re not much more effective at getting secrets than torture...” he explained.
Nashak’s smile seemed to fade, one of the best things about telepaths, was that people were deathly afraid of them. The very thought of their dark secrets being plucked out as easily as books can be withdrawn from a library. That was the real weapon...
Dektri nodded, “Still, torture can be quite effective...” he said worriedly. He was hoping to prolong Nashak’s rather primitive game of psychological warfare. Even if telepaths did exist, he suspected Nashak didn’t really have one.
“Kill her...” Nashak indicated Saar’ha.
“Yes, Shari’la,” conceded the besotted young man at her side. Jericho Gotha stepped out and took aim at her head...
“NO!” Magen yelled, careful not to move too violently. They had not yet disarmed them, in fact Dektri still had his rather valueless hostage. He didn’t want to attract too much attention to that. These Crocha luckily didn’t seem to consider a blade a weapon to be feared. Their armour could after all stop many weapons. The next question, was how was that useful. Magen’s mind raced assessing his resources. Nashak, would of course keep Saar’ha alive as long as she thought she could use her as leverage – so Magen played along. She might have been clever, and truly evil, but she still didn’t know what Magen’s particular ideals were...
“Tell us where to go, and we will spare her,” Nashak lied.
“No Magen! - do not!” Dektri advised sternly, “Once she knows, she will kill us all...”
Plop!
A yellow pear shaped fruit landed on the ground between them. Then a whole shower of them began raining down on the Crocha. One hit Nashak so squarely on the nose, that it could only have been deliberate – of course her men were negligibly inconvenienced by it.
“What the hell is that!” she demanded in Es’ston.
“It looks to me very much like a cashew apple...” Dektri explained eloquently, “Never really could find a market for them – the nut is much more popular. They do say you can make a good wine from the juice...” he rabbited on.
“Silence!” She roared, frustrated by this assault on her dignity and Dektri’s babbling. Another one hit her ear, causing it to smart quite a bit. “You – go find who is throwing those,” she commanded in Es’ston to one of her men. Two others let off a volley into the trees. Nashak glared at them, the man she had ordered moved off into the mists once they stopped.
“You were about to tell me where this tunnel is...” Nashak said sweetly, no doubt certain her Crocha could deal with the bother.
“Yes it’s...” Magen began.
There was a burst of railgun fire, followed by a shriek. Nashak smiled again, yet instantly it dropped again. The shriek was followed by a cry...
“Help! Help! Please don’t...” It was in Es’ston, the voice trailed off in a fatal gurgle...
Nashak gestured angrily at two more of her men. “Go and sort that out!” she ordered, “And if that fool is still alive – kill him...” fires shimmered in her eyes.
“See Magen – she’s a ruthless murderer, don’t bargain with her...” Dektri blurted out in a remarkably natural manner.
“Maybe, maybe you’re right...” Magen did the uncertain eyes of a man with a moral dilemma.
“Jericho!” Nashak beckoned him back, “See, I am prepared to spare her.”
Magen shook his head at Dektri, “Dektri – I’ve got to try it – I can’t let her be killed while I might still prevent it...” Magen declared resolutely, perhaps over-acting a bit. In fact Dektri wasn’t sure any more that he was acting. They were so convincing, they’d almost convinced each other.
There came another scream, followed by a sustained burst of fire – it tailed off and everyone heard the end of the second man’s yells. Nashak was certain now there was some real threat out there. He was good, good enough to know to let his victims scream all they liked. He was trying to draw off, and unnerve her men. She re-assessed, there were only seven of them left. Three either side of the captives, and Jericho at her side.
“Tie them up, we’ll bring them with us – You will lead us to the tunnel,” she threatened Magen, “Or we will kill her.”
Magen nodded mutely. It was now or never, something had to happen.
“You see...” she addressed Dektri, “You can always rely on the romantic idealists...”
Two of the men stepped forwards holding ropes, which they had produced upon the request. At that instant, Yicle fell on the two left at the one side. He laid them both low at once, with a twirl of his twin swords. Dektri, reacting expeditiously, whisked his dagger across his hostage’s throat and shoved him powerfully into the approaching man. Magen’s sword in the meantime dispatched the other. Dektri hit the ground as two railguns opened up in his direction, he swiped the fallen Es’ston’s rifle. He was winged, the shot tossing him aside, but undaunted, he returned the fusillade promptly, and felled the two men.
Jericho took aim at Magen, but was baffled as Magen somehow managed to either evade his shots or deflect them somehow. He had no time to theorize the why, but it was apparent his railgun was useless. Magen dashed towards him.
Nashak on the other hand, was temporarily stunned, she didn’t want to kill them. She wanted the glory of finding this mythic tunnel. Then Yicle fell on her, she tried to block with her guns, the swords shore through them. Then she dodged out of the way. Yicle caught her, spinning her towards himself. He kissed her...
“Nice knowing you,” he smiled ironically, and plunged his sword into her heart. He let her fall.
Jericho meanwhile, lost his gun in like manner to Nashak. He now had to contend with Magen’s sword. He watched it dreamily chase him through the air. He managed to land a punch on Magen, who fell back. Whoever this man was, Magen thought, he was blindingly fast – a change in tactics was in order, since his opponent was faster, he had to outsmart him. He feigned a left hook – Jericho blocked, dodging the following sword, he jabbed Magen’s exposed stomach, it was expected. Jericho noting this, tossed his head to the side as the sword swiped past, it came much faster this time, he’d underestimated – it grazed his cheek. He hesitated feeling death close for the first time in his life.
It was then Nashak fell – Magen kicked him hard, his attention distracted. He tasted the earth, tears came to his eyes, and blood trickled down his previously unscarred cheek. Magen descended on him, thinking to catch him alive. Jericho wrestled him off, he was far stronger. He scrambled up, fear, loneliness and the loss of his love and leader, suddenly hung upon him. He ran...
Magen started to give chase, but he was out of breath and the man was far too speedy. He disappeared into the jungle. Magen shook his head, forced to let him go. He returned to the scene of the skirmish.
“Thanks Yicle!” he panted, looking over at his friend.
Yicle grinned, “Glad to hear you say so!”
“I did tell you to go back though...” Magen said seriously. Yicle though was incorrigible, and he couldn’t really put any kind of heart into the rebuke – not when he had just saved their lives.
“Just as well, or I would never have discovered that cashew nuts grow on trees!”
Dektri joined them, trailing the railgun behind through the mud. He was quite exhilarated, and seemed to be on a bit of a high. “You didn’t eat any I hope,” he said.
“No, I couldn’t get them open – which is why I was hanging around, otherwise I would never have heard the commotion... The fruit is quite good by the way...” Yicle stooped to wipe his swords clean. He gave the body of Nashak a rueful look as he plucked one of the giant leaves to use as a cloth.
“Really?” Dektri asked – it seemed in genuine hope that there was a market for the tons of otherwise wasted material.
“No... it was horrible! All fibrous, and the juice is just a tad bitter...”
“Yes – so I’d heard...” Dektri responded glumly, “It’s a potent diuretic too by the way...”
“Ah – good thing I was disturbed...”
“You don’t think it was a bit distasteful...” Magen pointed at Nashak. It seemed very wrong to him, almost perverse.
Yicle looked up sharply, it seemed for a moment the action’s ‘rightness’ had to be assessed... “Naah – she was a nasty piece of work,” he shrugged, “She was a rather pretty one – besides, I wasn’t going to get another chance.”
Magen shook his head.
“You don’t approve?”
“Would I have mentioned it... Battlefield romance?? Seems to me the two don’t mix.” Magen walked over to where Saar’ha lay and crouched. He withdrew the tranquillizer dart, holding it up for a moment.
“So she is a telepath...” Dektri remarked coyly.
Magen glanced momentarily at the ex-merchant, “Yes,” he replied. He rummaged through his limited medical supplies of anti-toxins, anti-venoms, painkillers... he was certain he’d dropped in a stimulant... “But don’t worry about it – or tell anyone, you’d have some difficulty proving it...” he warned, knowing already Dektri would be already lining this up in his inventory of resources, or rather his stock of wares.
“Why have I not heard of this before?” He puzzled, “Apart from the quacks and crack-pots...”
“The ones we have come from a long line of secrecy...” Magen said vaguely. The existence of Es’ston telepaths was news to him. No North Ice-Islander had ever been exiled to Es’stus, but then he was rather suspicious of how similar, they all looked. Seatons were Es’stons, or vice versa, they were all merely deviations of the same thing. There was nothing other than genetic segregation to prevent there being true Seaton or Es’ston telepaths.
“I’ll bet the Marshals know about them – definitely of military use,” Yicle said, “So Saar’ha’s a telepath – well that explains some things!” He widened his eyes briefly. He picked up one of the fruits he had thrown.
“Telepaths are not weapons...” Magen spouted the rhetoric of his own race again. He administered the drug, having selected a more appropriate sedative neutraliser. They would need Saar’ha to drive the convoy, if they ever found the tunnel – and to watch his back... Well, he had to concede slightly, at the very least telepaths shouldn’t be used as torture implements.
“So how do you get these nuts to open?” Yicle asked Dektri while they waited for Saar’ha to revive.
“Hm? Oh, the oils you will find inside are toxic. They will burn your skin...” Dektri explained.
“Really? Why the heck does anyone bother with these things??”
Saar’ha’s eyes fluttered open. She took a deep breath, and looked blearily around. Magen investigated the label on the vial, just to make sure he’d got the dosage right.
“I see you found out... was it much bother?” She asked, quick on the uptake.
Magen scanned over the dead men, considered it, and then replied, “Not really I guess – though there was a moment we weren’t sure how it was going to work out...”
“Ah Yicle – I see, I thought you must be hanging about.” She gazed mutely up into the raining canopy for a moment.
“Do you need help getting up?” Yicle offered, clearly eager to wound her pride.
“Help? No, I’m fine, just thinking,” she shifted to rise, and slipped on the mud. This fouled her humour. Magen caught her, and gave her a hand up. Saar’ha starchily wiped at the mud covering her armour. She took a few steps and staggered, this time Yicle caught her.
“Don’t worry, I’ve got you...” He smiled ironically.
“I’m okay now...” she said brusquely, “You can let go...” With great mental resolve, she managed to steady herself.
“Now... I wonder what happened to the real stewards? We need to find this tunnel...” Magen reflected, daring not to inquire of Saar’ha’s health, and decided to bring the attention back on the Mission.
“Well... I did not see many signs of a struggle back at the settlement,” Dektri began, “This suggests to me that the stewards may be in hiding.”
“Fair enough. That would explain why this Nashak still didn’t know where the tunnel was...”
“I would be concerned with the fact that she knew everything that was in our orders... hmm?”
“Yes, someone on high must be leaking...” Magen surmised, “Someone perhaps who was involved in making up these orders...”
“Something to bear in mind anyway,” Yicle commented, “You know there must be an Es’ston camp somewhere nearby. I wouldn’t suppose that these Elites would be working independently... Maybe we should get some backup?”
“There is no need...” came a rich deep man’s voice. Dektri shouldered the railgun, not realising how easily he could be mistaken for one of the Crocha. Yicle spun round his swords on the ready. Only Magen and Saar’ha were unperturbed. Magen had spotted the new intruder before he had spoken. It was a man, dressed similarly to the Es’ston fake. “The Es’ston camp is too far away to see your movement,” he expanded.
“And who are you?” Magen questioned.
“Sergeant Fungu at your service...” he bowed, “Guardian of the Sacred Swamp...” he winked. It was probable that he did have some rather pretentious title along similar lines – like Magen’s ‘Swordmaster of Gahon’.
“You’ve been watching these Es’stons then?” Magen anticipated, he went to shake the sergeant’s hand. “I’m acting commander Magen Agasan – the Es’stons attacked our ship, and unfortunately much of the command crew were killed.”
“I see,” he shook, “Centurion?!” he remarked in surprise, noting the yellow stripe on his badge.
“Yes the command deck was hit pretty hard,” Magen could have added ‘and precisely’. He gave a brief summary of what had happened.
Fungu seemed to consider this, “Okay, I’ll buy that,” he smiled broadly. No-one impersonating could possibly consider constructing such an elaborate story worthwhile.
Magen relaxed, “So what happened here then? Aren’t there more Es’stons?” he asked, looked to Saar’ha for assurance that this was the real deal. She nodded.
“Spotted them coming – we had to bug out quick – too many of them. There is a comms blackout, but I sent some messengers – so there will be some heavy artillery coming down on their camp soon enough... In the mean time we were keeping an eye on them.”
“You didn’t think to warn us we were being duped?” Saar’ha criticised.
Sergeant Fungu seemed a bit vexed by this remark, “I would have been far more use to this Es’ston commander than you – I chose not to reveal my presence, or that of my men...”
“It’s okay Sergeant, we managed to survive the encounter, now we’d best be making tracks!” Magen excused.
“Indeed... I’ll just have my boys clear you a path for your vehicles.” He turned around and made a few signals to the bushes – apparently he was not alone.
“Can you lead the way then?” Magen requested as Fungu turned back.
“Of course – but you’d better bring me to the convoy first,” he rolled out an arm indicating Magen should take the lead.
They retrieved their guns from the outpost first. The sergeant took the opportunity to quickly gather his wet clothes and bring them inside to dry...
“We’ve plenty of time,” he muttered by way of excusing the delay, as he passed them arms full of damp smelly clothes. He arrayed them out on a clothes horse near the back of his hut. With the humidity in the air though, they couldn’t imagine that it would do much good.
Shortly they moved off again heading now towards the convoy. The slugs were still midway through climbing back up the tree from which they waited in ambush.
“Annoying creatures...” the jungle savvy sergeant Fungu remarked, “You know a hunt is never unsuccessful...”
“No?” Magen said curiously, aware of the earlier foiled attempt to eat Yicle.
“They’ll eat their own kind...” he elaborated.
“Must be a bit awkward for the one that drops first...” Yicle gave a vehement kick to one as he passed, it plopped over into the shrubs.
Soon the looming profile of the Defender emerged. Yicle approached and gave a sharp rap on the armour. In response there was a scuttling inside.
“Who’s there?” came a timorous demand from Tyr’uc.
“It’s us!” Yicle answered buoyantly.
“Ah – good...”
“…Some of us were getting worried, we heard railgun fire,” came Elshan’s voice resounding through the armour. 
It was followed by the sound of footsteps rattling across metal plate. The bottom half of the hatch fell open unceremoniously, while the top part rose on its pistons to reveal Elshan’s friendly face. He and Tyr’uc stepped back to allow them to enter. They clambered inside. Magen flung his blaster on the overhead rack, while Saar’ha and Fungu made their way directly to the cockpit.
“Mud wrestling?” Tyr’uc commented noting Saar’ha’s muddied armour. She gave him a clap on the ear. “Oww! No need for that!”
Yicle shook his hair at the floor, to stop it dripping into his face. Magen searched around inside the supplies locker on the off chance there was a towel, but it hadn’t been stocked in some time. It didn’t even have a PAP kit.
“Drip dry...” Magen confirmed as Janessa stepped out of the cockpit, where she had been holed up with Saar’ha.
“Well, I was hardly going to sit on his lap!” She declared, noticed Magen’s attention fall on her, and unsure what to say. The remark was delivered in a good humoured tone, but it was a strain. She was still annoyed with him, still hurting from that argument.
“I suppose not,” Magen replied clumsily. “Did you get any sleep?” The tank began to move off, so Janessa sat down at the far end near the cockpit. She would be able to chat away to Saar’ha.
“Not really. I suspect the designers of the suspension on this tank never had slumber in mind...” she responded, with little by the way of eye contact. Every tiny movement indicated just how much she would prefer not to be talking to Magen right now – but equally, she didn’t want everyone to know the emotions that had passed between them. Thus hers and Magen’s acting skills were pushed to the limits.
Elshan guffawed, “I suspect more they didn’t have Saar’ha in mind when they designed the suspension!”
“I heard that Elshan! And if you’re not careful you’ll have to cook your own meals!” She threatened from the driver’s seat.
“I didn’t mean anything by it, Saar’ha...” Elshan pleaded. He could cook of course, but he much preferred to eat, he had mentioned as much several times before. Cooking took all the pleasure out of a meal not that it didn’t have its own pleasures, but it became rather tiresome having to cook a meal every night.
Magen grabbed on to one of the swinging handholds for standing passengers, “Elshan? How come you let Yicle out after us?”
“Well... when a man’s gotta go...”
Magen sighed, “I thought I told everyone to go before we left!” he gave a bewildered look, “And why did you believe him anyway?”
“Hey! Are you saying I’m untrustworthy?!” Yicle almost laughed.
“Well, did you need to go?” Magen quizzed.
Dektri burst out laughing, “I’m sure he did after all those cashew apples!”
Yicle turned away with a dramatic and meaningless huff.
“Elshan?”
“Well to be honest Magen... two people is hardly enough protection. I felt you should have someone watch your back... what with Es’ston shenanigans and - other things,” he added reminding Magen that he was no longer alone in dealing with the ‘shadows’.
Magen wiped the water from his chin and gave his hair a flick. He threw up a despairing hand, seeing the futility of this discussion, “Well I guess you were right – Yicle’s just lucky I didn’t shoot him on sight!”
“Hmph!” Saar’ha snorted, “That doesn’t surprise me! He’s been lucky enough until now that I haven’t shot him.”
“Oh come on! That’s really not fair!” Yicle protested. Magen was surprised that there seemed to be some sincerity in it. Yicle gave him a hunted look. There was no doubt Saar’ha was quite harsh with him, but then he did deliberately go about trying to provoke her.
“Whatever...” Magen completed the fruitless debacle. Why worry so much. If people were looking out for him – could he really be distrusting of his own squad and friends. It was well that they did have some initiative. Without Yicle it was entirely possibly they would be corpses right now. Maybe Nashak and her Crocha would even have found Fungu as well.
While they drove along Yicle told the story of how he had gallantly rescued Magen and company. Dektri knocked a bit of the wind out of his sails, recounting the tale of how Yicle had been saved from the ‘Giant Carnivorous Slugs’ – to which Elshan and Tyr’uc guffawed heartily. Here, they were cut short by the complaints of Curiba who had apparently been trying to sleep. She explained at length with strong words just how she had failed to achieve this.
“You have chains?” Fungu asked as they finally turned off the ‘main’ road onto a muddy track that looking like it had only recently been cleared of vegetation.
“I would imagine so – yes...” Magen answered.
“Just in case. This is fairly swampy ground. I’ve had my men lay grip mats, but you know how it is after a few heavy vehicles...” he went on. Magen didn’t have a clear idea but he could imagine it.
Elshan stirred. “Well, if anything gets seriously stuck, we’ve got this here Defender,” he patted the stout, decaying hull, “With our semi-grav and grav-boost – we should be able to pull anything out...”
“Mmh” the sergeant agreed dubiously, having long since become aware of the ominous grinding sound.
“You’ll want your own men to do the unsticking then...” Magen surmised.
Inevitably some vehicles did get stuck in the mud, some even had to be abandoned by the track-side, engines or sensors and all attempts of Fungu’s men having failed to move them. It was complicated by the necessity of blindfolds as troops were transferred with Fungu’s men on the ready making sure of no peeking. So the convoy chugged its way deep into the jungle, hidden from prying satellites by the tree canopy. And so it was that Magen saw the state secret first hand.
“Ingenious...” Yicle remarked in awe as he watched the lagoon drain before his very eyes. They stood on the verges, the brown and red stickly grass encroaching up and above their waists, and mud up to their ankles.
“Only the second time I’ve seen it myself,” Sergeant Fungu said by way of excusing the dropping of his own jaw.
“It seems odd to me, to use this tunnel for us alone?” Dektri hummed.
“Solara is desperate for supplies,” Fungu explained, “Medicinal, clothes, food and at this stage, they’ll be needing a heck of a lot of temporary accommodation – Besides, I’m not going to complain, we get the fun of rebuilding this lagoon later, and I fancy a spot of gardening.” He gestured at the subsiding embankment across the way and the numerous uprooted and squashed plants. Even after refilling it would look very suspicious to any errant explorer that stumbled across it.
“The whole tunnel has to drain...” Yicle supposed, “Are there many other defensive features?”
“It has a half decent door at the other end...” Fungu shrugged, “That, and the fact that it’s a plasma accelerator...”
“Niice... a giant plasma cannon,” Yicle widened his eyes, “Let’s hope they know we’re legit!”
“Ahh – no worries there – we’ve done the appropriate handshaking...” Fungu reassured.
Presently the bed of the pool appeared and they saw the grossness of multifarious creatures flopping or wriggling around in the sediment. There were a number of fairly surprised crocodiles. The tunnel entrance had appeared. It was covered with a grating to which clung all manner of debris, mostly decayed animal carcasses and a trolley or two from the age of the supermarket.
“Looks like quite a drop,” Magen worried, “The Defender might make it...”
“It’s okay, watch, there’s a ramp.”
There was a loud slurping noise as the ramp raised. The mud and bemused crocodile sitting on it began to slide down. And a little touch of class, water jets mounted at the edges blasted the remaining dirt off, showing a ribbed rubberised surface.
“The last time we did this was just for maintenance, two years ago – good to see it’s all still in working order,” Fungu smiled, making small talk. He waved Saar’ha on. She revved the engine of her tank, and reversed a bit.
“She’s going to jump!” Fungu frantically signalled to the men clearing the debris from the entrance to get out of the way – in case she would over shoot the rather small landing zone.
She let out the throttle, the Defender sprang forward like a rather fat puma. The grav engines fired into life, and the Tank launched spectacularly into the air. It dropped to the bottom, slowed by the grav engines. It shuddered under the impact of the landing. The grinding noise it continually emitted seemed to change tone, as if resenting the treatment.
“Just as well...” Fungu grinned, “Not sure the ramp was designed for a Defender tank...”
“I’m not sure Defender tanks were designed for Saar’ha,” Magen muttered, “Well thank you for your service Sergeant Fungu – I suspect we won’t be using this again anytime soon,” Magen extended a hand of part.
“No! By the Spirits – I hope the siege goes well!” he shook.
Yicle jumped down on to the ramp then, decided it was a slide. He rattled his way down. He seemed to have thought better of the idea by the time he hit the bottom – unfortunately it wasn’t very practical to massage through his armour. Dektri and Magen followed at a more dignified sedate pace. Magen slipped halfway down – much to Yicle’s amusement.
“Rough ride?” he suggested.
“Mmmh,” Magen grunted. He suspected Yicle had rather embraced the inevitable in deliberately sliding down.
They gave a final wave to Fungu then, as they loaded back into the tank. Saar’ha drove forwards then and the convoy trundled its way into the ominous tunnel.

*	*	*	*	*
“The report you requested Sir!” A lieutenant announced, presenting Admiral-Marshal Erith with a clipboard carrying a number of loose printed papers.
Erith whisked it out of the lieutenant’s hand, giving a grunt, with a slight edge of approval. Albeit that he had the latest in display technology and tactical information at his fingertips, the Admiral of the Fleet still liked to get periodical written, paper assessments. Why would anyone argue? If it meant he could walk from one end of the room to the other without having to memorise it, and if he set it down, as he was wont to do, no-one need worry about another expensive virtual paper display going missing.
His sharp, deep sunken eyes scanned the papers. He flicked his way through casually, the mental tactical wheels turning. Little could surprise Erith, each and every possibility or choice ran its course in his attuned intellect. He lived and breathed warfare, his imagination ever conceiving battle-plans or reviving old ones. This was his life. In spite of his two hundred and seventy four years of life, he had not even begun to show signs of dulling. His ideas, plans, and commands as vigorous and effective as ever, if not improving. He only seemed to grow sharper, as his officers noted.
This came at a price. With a mind so wholly bent on the fates of battle, he was hardly a man. His thoughts were precious and could not be spared on anything else. His emotions, feelings and human concerns, buried in the depths of his being – there was no time for that. His wife and family had long ago abandoned him, in despair. To him it merely seemed a confirmation that he should never have extended himself that far in the first place. He also had no friends, at least no close friends, only acquaintances, and loyal dutiful officers, in thrall of his prodigious genius.
Rumour, or myth among some of the more junior officers had it that he had no soul, that he had exchanged his life, with some dark being, for this device, this ultimate weapon to defeat and confound the Es’stons. To Erith, no price was too high, and he would likely have agreed to such a pact with the dark forces had he been given the offer – and had his better reason not suggested to him that the juggling fiends, would simply use him as a puppet for the destruction of any and all. But what was his life, his present isolation, loneliness compared to the preservation of Seatus! Erith was one of the die-hards. He would have no objection to surrender, under the proviso that it would put them in a stronger position to win – so ran the joke he often told his officers.
The men believed in him, he was unshakable, a certainty, in the chaos and uncertainty of war. His abstraction from humanity only served to raise him up further, as some kind of holy being, deserving of such religious devotion. He did not seem to be bound by the pains, hopes, anxieties, tides of emotion and tangibility of the common man – it was forgivable that one might confuse him for a god.
He pondered on the state of the fleet;
Utelus; heavily damaged, still dealing with an invasion force and Es’ston boarding crews. She was occupied, it would could be a number of hours before she finally repulsed the invaders.
Terranus; virtually toothless, most of her main guns out of action or unsafe to use. She still had a full quota of fighters though. Could be useful, but she was in severe risk of being boarded with so many of the medium cannons destroyed.
Infernus; Captain Nathiana, reckless, she had charged into a few too many ships. Her forward hull was structurally weak. She had been effective though, repulsing three consecutive boarding forces, eliminating two attack forces, two mass-drivers. Suspiciously low on the invasion force count. Infernus was still in moderately good fighting condition – though the hull would need some consideration.
Alianna; his own ship. She had sustained damage to her main thrusters, a number of her main guns offline. A few hull breaches, but little structural decay.
Melian; Erith pulled at his beard, frowning deeply. Her right side was open to space, as such, manoeuvrability and fire-power severely impaired. She had to stay to the rear, still capable of dealing with invasion fleets, though definitely prone. The Es’stons were more or less ignoring her, there other more mobile threats he presumed.
He turned through the rest of the list, Dawn, Wrath of Stars, Undefeatable, all in fair order, though Dawn’s captain had displayed an affinity for the rear. He had mentioned concerns about the recent overhaul on his ships armour. The job had been rushed, he did not have faith in its quality. Mighty was also, surprising in passable fighting shape, despite the gaping hole amidships and the terrible crew casualties. Of course her firing rate had reportedly dropped, due to loss of generators. Her captain was dealing with it all rather well, Erith decided.
It would not happen again – the mass drivers had been neutralised. After the initial shock, the fleet and pulled together well, by the hand of Erith. He had judiciously orchestrated the removal of this threat, without even a hint of fear, or concern. The Estlem agreement, had never been a blind to him. He had dreamed this scenario, unpleasant though it was, and he had triumphed over it. Not everything was so certain to him, he had worked out how to fight these things most effectively, winning, defeating them, was just the icing on the cake. He did not delude himself with thoughts of invincibility.
Officers flurried about Erith, sorting out the nitty gritty details that would be foolish to bring before him. The Alianna was under attack by a large force of light fighters. The Es’stons were apparently hoping to create a buffer around the ship, to slip and invasion fleet through. It wasn’t going to work this time. Undefeatable was already free to cut them off – poor timing – poor sods, to die worthlessly. It disgusted him when his invisible nemesis so misjudged, and failed to match his own tactics.
Erith gazed up. Above was the latest tactical display type. It was a starry dome, twinkling with the burst of plasma and lacerated with lasers, an occasional ‘supernova’ of a missile detonating. It strived to show everything around the ship, marking anything of note with an identification tag. With his control gauntlet, and glasses, he could maximise and magnify any area the piqued his interest. He confirmed what the papers he held seemed to suggest. Having browsed through details on the Es’ston fleets. He was almost certain the time had come. He’d been mulling this over for a bit – he had some inspiration.
The Es’stons had surely lost momentum, and the attack fleets were becoming less and less effective at creating those holes for the invasion fleets. Soon, very soon now, the Es’stons would elect to retreat. It would become pointless to continue to fight. 
The traditional conclusion to this battle, was that the Battlecruisers would give chase to the Es’ston fleet. Generally speaking more of a ‘showing home’ rather than any significant offensive. Seatus would usually launch a fleet of lighter attack ships, the current ‘destroyer’ class having two main forward mounted plasma cannons, more or less as powerful as those mounted on the Battlecruisers, though significantly slower to fire. Such ships were useless in defence. The Es’ston Attack fleet could cut them to bits at range in a matter of seconds. Like the Seaton fighters, they were more for ‘mopping up’.
Such was the general perception and the captains of these ships weren’t taken much more seriously than centurions in the Seaton Guard. The ships were after all an evolution of the ‘scout class’, which had been envisaged as short ranged exploration ships to be carried by the ‘colonisation’ ships, the predecessor to the Seaton Battlecruiser. Now Erith was not one to write off a resource so quickly, or conform to such preconceived notions. As it happened, the engineers of the current generation of Battlecruisers were a traditional bunch. They still carried four ‘destroyer’ class ships – just, not today. Admiral Erith had a better idea...
He had resolved to cripple the Es’ston fleet, as they had to a certain extent his, in the last battle with robot incendiary ship bombs and now in this one with mass drivers. The moment the Es’stons elected to retreat, having expended their invasion forces, the Battlecruisers were free to leave orbit and close range on the Es’stons. Suddenly bringing all those devastating plasma cannons to bear, except for one thing. The Es’stons would be high tailing it away, back to the safety of Es’stus’ own planetary defences. The Marshals were happy enough with this arrangement, the battle would not be a long protracted affair, and everyone could go home and have a nice cup of tea.
Erith was not happy – and he didn’t like tea either, especially ‘Earl Grey’. He knew that any Es’ston ship that survived was a foe that lived to fight another day. Today... a fleet of forty-four ‘scout’ (or ‘destroyer’ as they had been rebranded) would appear out of nowhere. Stealth was easy when no-one was looking for you. They would be accompanied by half of each Battlecruisers’ retinue of fighters.
That would make a total of eighty-eight Battlecruiser class plasma cannons hailing down at close range on an attack fleet equipped mostly with HELs. Yes, high energy lasers were excellent if the fleet’s combined array could be sustained on one target point for a period. The scout ships had an advantage here, because they were so small, were very manoeuvrable. The HEL array would not easily co-ordinate and a single point difficult to track. This was Erith’s reason for believing that this fleet of tiny ships wouldn’t be pulverised – if they were at close range.
The sole purpose of this new fleet, was that the Es’stons would have to engage them – giving time for the Battlecruisers to trap the Es’stons. The plan was almost perfect – but Erith was no fool. He was well acquainted with the resourcefulness of the Es’ston commanders. He could already see a number of ways they could wriggle out. Melian, he suspected was one of them.
“It’s time...” he declared to his officers, he clapped his hands, “Notify the fleet...” He was now certain the Es’stons were about to retreat.

Marcus swooped in for what, he was almost certain, would be his third and final pass of a battlecruiser. The Alianna loomed ahead of him, her markings and insignia growing more distinct, the alien Seaton lettering scaling and scaling, soon too big to read. Flickers of plasma streamed past. Each one destined to hit one of Marcus’ compatriots. Alianna’s targeting systems were almost flawless. There were few possibilities for survival; a coincidental joggle of the throttle or joystick; that somehow the fighters armour and shields (if it had them) might absorb the shot; or that it might hit a non-critical system.
Some pilots thought that it was possible to avoid the shots simply by going faster, that was simple for the algorithms to factor in. Even if the pilot did escape the firing arc of one turret, well the system could easily have a plasma bolt ready for him to fly into. Of course the pilot was as likely to collide with one of his wing mates or his target as get hit. Most humans didn’t have the reaction time for the kind of speeds the space ships were capable of. Marcus had few illusions, you survived a pass either by ridiculously good fortune, or because you had never been targeted.
Upon his return to the capital ship just a little earlier, he had been hailed as a hero – a veteran. They’d given him the rank of wing commander, and a new ship. Well a new second hand ship. The Es’ston fleet had no spare fighters, but plenty of spare pilots, willing to bear the honour of marking a battlecruiser – or not as the case might be. No, the only reason for his ‘upgrade’ was this; the previous pilot had refused to return to battle – preferring instead the certain death before a firing squad.
Marcus, in cool logic, could not understand this – to sacrifice an honourable death for dishonour. He pitied that man, what was it that could drive someone to such an extreme, such despair. Or irrational fear? Was he susceptible to such a force? He understood that death was certainly his fate – what more was there to fear than death? And there was no escaping it, he felt more anguish for his mother and father back on the home-world than for what he now had to endure.
He knew he was no hero. True he had survived not one, but two passes, he had been part in taking down the Black Dragon... It was chance, only chance that the plasma cannons had not targeted him among the thousands of ships that now descended on the Alianna. It was nothing to do with him, other than not colliding with any of his fellows, that he had survived.
Then, there was no man who had the ability to cheat fate by device of his own skills. Not in this situation. But what then could a hero be but ‘the man who survived’. If Marcus had been more cynical, he might have noticed how his commanders were very keen to applaud this skill, rather than the probabilities. If the warriors believed that somehow they were in control... to create an aspiration to be one of these veterans, elites, the men a cut above the rest – Glory!
Marcus guided his wing in, coming in alongside the Alianna’s manoeuvring thrusters. These periodically spewed out plasma – and incidentally a lot of interference, light, electrical, and magnetic. Marcus had learnt this trick form his pass on the Black Dragon. Effectively there was only one way to detect him amongst all this noise – his silhouette.
He weaved about his new second-hand heavy fighter. He opened up with his railgun on the medium turret ahead. Now he would see just what this ‘incendiary armour piercing’ ammunition could do. The turret in response flung up a particle shield, causing the premature detonation of the rounds – Alianna’s computer had noted the threat. A light turret ‘clonked’ at his shields, he fired a missile of similar technology. The fire stopped, suggesting his counter measure had been effective. He drew himself closer to the fountains of plasma pouring from the side of Alianna. He noted with alarm that his fusion battery was now below thirty percent. The shields would eat all his power until there was none left – what use would power be if the ship were destroyed?
One of his wing men smashed into the Battlecruiser’s hull – a streak of flaming debris was the only result of that kamikaze action. It was even of dubious effect with a much larger ship – whatever the logistics involved might be in getting close enough. There wasn’t much would come off the better for a collision with that armour.
Marcus hit his comm, “Don’t anyone else try that!” he yelled. They swung back on the medium turret. If a few more were destroyed, it might clear a path for a boarding operation.
Alianna, Marcus had been briefed, had about two foot thick of tungsten alloy armour plating. Furthermore, behind, and intertwining was the Alianna’s water cooling matrix. Also a useful place to store some of the ship’s supply of oxygen and hydrogen, needed to run both life-support systems and the fusion generators. Uncoordinated laser fire would simply be absorbed, and the energy even reused for the running of the ship.
That was nothing to the Es’ston railgun and matrices of lasers, but beyond the outer skin there might be up top ten foot or more of packed sand. Under laser fire, this would melt into glass, flowing into the path of the beam, effectively both sealing the breach and absorbing the energy. It was equally good as a shock absorber too. Often following this was a layer of ceramic honeycombs, brick, or some-such refractory material. It was only then you were dealing with the sealed hull, and behind that decks upon decks, bulkheads, partitions, before you ever came to a critical system.
The Battlecruisers varied a bit, depending on the engineers and the commander’s wont. Some interleaved the layers more, or used thinner or thicker armour, in the case of the older ones, Dawn and the lost New Solara, it was all a bit of an afterthought. Heavier armour reduced the ship’s maximum turning and accelerating speed – not due to power limitations, but more the mechanical ones.
Marcus’ shields crackled spectacularly, and the cockpit temperature rose perceptibly. His wing of fighters had finally caught the medium turret’s attention, it had to defend itself. He saw a number of his wingmen wink out on his Head-up Display. He launched his full retinue of missiles. Unlikely the counter measures would be able to cope with that saturation. The invisible infra-red defence laser sprang to action, but Marcus estimation was correct.
They cheered as they streaked past the remains of the cannon. Another of the wingmen was cut down, leaving only two – the celebration stopped abruptly.
“Hold together!” Marcus advised. The wing of twenty was decimated, “We’re not going back until we’re recalled or we need a recharge...” he declared. His unknown wingmen replied in the affirmative, Marcus sensed that they were indeed drunk on the thought of Glory, or that of Death.
A moment later one of them cried out in distress, it seemed like they were inexorably slowing, and then stopping. More mysteriously it seemed they were in fact going backwards. The wingman piled on the thrust in desperation, shooting out ahead. Marcus shook his head, some people had very little sense, the Alianna was simply moving off. A quick check of the HUD, and Marcus knew the battle was over, the main attack fleet was retreating – but worryingly they hadn’t been given the order. Perhaps their command ship and been destroyed, and they had been forgotten? He checked his dash, flicking a few buttons, no it was still there. His ship rattled as he passed the firing path of a light plasma gun.
His radio crackled to life – finally, “This is command, fleet Bearclaw, you are ordered to break the attack on Alianna…” Marcus sighed with relief, “…And join with fleet Moon-Fox to assault the battlecruiser Melian – uploading primary targets now...”
Marcus started – what! They were to be abandoned! Sent on a final and certainly suicidal mission, when the rest of the fleet was retreating? He thumped the dashboard – some damn cold fish. He couldn’t even see the reason for it – as if it were somehow going to help the retreat? And why the Melian anyway? Still, nothing for it. A firing squad had not grown any more attractive, plus he was likely to run afoul of the Alianna’s guns first.
“You heard the man!” he called easily over the comms, “Let’s get out of here – follow my lead!” He took the wing almost right on top of the thrusters. Then an abrupt turn. “Full burners! And save your fire!”
The surface of the Alianna whizzed past in a blur of flame and clouds of hazy super-heated gases. He cut all power as soon as he was at maximum speed, and as an all but invisible ghost, passed out the end of the flag ship – alone... Alone again... And he had survived again. He got a shiver up his spine – as probabilities went, he was on one heck of a random walk.
He was thrice a hero – surely, surely he could not possibly survive Melian!
It was working magnificently, the elegance of a strategy playing itself out almost exactly as per the most favourable scenario. Erith glowed with pleasure. The Es’ston fleets were hemmed in trapped by the eight battlecruisers. The battle raged like the stormy grey seas and lives were churned in the frothy waves, ships sank and men drowned. The Es’ston fleet contended the confinement, like a cornered cat might. Shadowed as the fleet was, it still clawed with a determination that would leave many scars on the battlecruisers. Erith was still feeling edified, his ‘scout’ fleet had performed admirably, though now forced to retreat. It had done the job.
“Sir!” a lieutenant beckoned, staggering across the deck which seemed worryingly unstable.
“Yes Lieutenant Sundri?” Erith made a few minor adjustments to the fleet’s deployment on the holographic display.
“It’s the Melian sir – she’s been overrun. Her crew has surrendered!” The young lieutenant explained.
“I see...” Erith leaned over the table, closely studying the progression of battle. “...is there a problem?” He carried a magnanimous smirk – the lieutenant seemed concerned.
“Yes sir – the ship’s computer failed to lock down...”
Erith raised an eyebrow. He perused the display again, the smirk faded to his usual grim set expression. He took stock of the situation. The Dawn was busy dealing with stragglers... It might take two battlecruisers to sort out the Melian without causing undue losses – or perhaps one, with a good captain... He was certain the Es’stons had a specialist task force on the ready, well trained in how to handle a battlecruiser. What with security being like one of those things used to drain noodles with the lots of holes – they probably had most of the information they required.
“Lieutenant,” he began not looking up, “What do you call one of those things used to drain noodles?”
“I think it may be called a sieve, or perhaps you mean a colander?” Sundri replied somewhat confounded.
“Ah yes, colander...” It was unlikely his pen would hold, in fact it would be more like a colander. He’d never believed he could really force the Es’ston fleet to surrender anyway. “Bring us about helmsman...” Erith rubbed his hands, he’d never had an opportunity to take down a battlecruiser. They’d only ever done such exercises in the academy, that was a long time ago. It would be a challenge – with the added difficulty of preserving the ship and its crew. Yes he’d have to figure a way to get behind her.
“Thank you lieutenant...” He called for the chief engineer, “I’ll need you to jettison some armour – and helmsman – make it look we have some damage to the manoeuvring thrusters.”
The Es’stons would not have a full crew quota to process all the sensory information. It was a fair bet... This would be something to put in his memoires.


Chapter 15: Journey to the Underworld
“If you can look into the seeds of time,
And say which grain will grow and which will not...”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

“It’s like a city at night...” Magen remarked to Dektri. It was difficult to see much of it though. The courtyard they stood in was bounded by a fortified, currently unmanned, wall. The wall arched across the tunnel doors they had just passed through. So the only glimpse of this underground area was offered through the opened gates that split the wall.
“I had no idea it was so extensive... this surely is not just a military base,” Dektri responded.
Magen paced round to the front of the tank to get a more complete view through the gates.
“No.” He was reminded that he should be familiar with all this, but he wasn’t. Reading about it gave him the information he needed, but not a relationship with the place that people would expect. He would have to rely on Janessa. It would be important to stay close, so she could answer all the questions. In this climate of suspicion, things could easily get unpleasant. Okay, Damoclus knew he couldn’t possibly be an Es’ston spy, but who would believe the story, rather the myth, of the Men of the North.
Dektri lifted a finger directing Magen’s eye, “That will be the lieutenant now...”
A small low slung, jeep-like wheeled vehicle buzzed through the gates. Its tiny engine hummed a bit like a bumblebee, and being marked with black and yellow, it was liable for a nickname of the same. The driver’s side door swung open, and out stepped a lieutenant of the Solaran Guard.
Magen gave a wave as she approached. Her stride was easy and had a certain unhurried arrogance about it. Not much of a soldier, she wore the officer’s uniform rather than armour. She had a light build, lithe perhaps, but unschooled in the brutish ways of war. She seemed tall, though a bit giraffe necked. In the dim sodium light the features of her face were harshly scribed, she looked carved, or like a ‘low polygon’ human like in one of Tyr’uc’s cheaper games. She had a head of ashy brown hair, and dark skin, and not just due to the poor lighting, rather the strong lighting above the surface.
“Ah, Captain Rossi – I’m glad you’ve finally arrived,” she greeted. She had a distinct Solaran accent – in other words she spoke Seaton Basic correctly, unlike the Terranchians...
“Em,” Magen gave a sideways look to Dektri, who seemed to nod almost imperceptibly. “Right, yes...”
“Is everything okay sir?” She turned her head slightly in an enquiring manner, sensing something odd.
“My orders mentioned that you would meet us here, and help guide us about,” Magen chose to brush aside the expression of concern, as he had noted commanders often did when questioned by their subordinates. “I believe our next port of call is a supply depot.”
“Yes-sir...” she stood to attention, then glanced briefly at Dektri. Aware, doubtless, that the introductions seemed to have deflated.
Magen straightened a bit, “We can’t stop and chat, those supplies may be desperately needed – we’re already behind schedule, get moving lieutenant!” The Bumblebee lieutenant had no rank of command, Magen had noticed – she was just there to be their guide.
She gave a snappish, jaunty nod, and dashed back to her bumblebee crying, “Follow me, I’ll lead the way!” She slammed the door closed and spun the dinky vehicle about. Magen and Dektri headed back into the defender.
“Why did you not explain the situation properly to her?” Dektri demanded suddenly with frustration.
“What!?” Magen was astonished, “I thought you gave one of those imperceptible nods of approval!”
“If it were an imperceptible nod, how could you have seen it – I did not nod...” Dektri said cogently.
“Saar’ha, follow the bumblebee!” Magen indicated, as he sat back in his seat, giving Dektri a dubious look.
“It looks bad...” Dektri shook his head. He grabbed one of the hand holds as the tank moved off.
“Come on, she’s just a lieutenant!” Magen snapped.
“You didn’t pull the ‘Rossi’ stunt did you?” Ogher asked concernedly.
“Not deliberately – Dektri I’m sure you nodded...” Magen waggled a finger.
“I did not, impersonating an officer is a serious offence!” he declared haughtily.
“I was not impersonating! It was a case of mistaken identity. If you thought it was such a bad idea, why didn’t you say a thing?!”
“I did not want to appear insubordinate...”
“It would have been better to come clean,” Ogher worried.
“Right! I’ll just explain when we get to the supplies depot,” Magen threw up a distraught hand.
“Don’t get all hung up about it,” Yicle advised, “I couldn’t have resisted it myself!”
“Well I suppose it did save some time...” Elshan encouraged.
“Not later though, it’ll make things a bit more awkward to explain,” Ogher countered.
The more Magen thought about it, the more ludicrous his behaviour appeared. It was absurd him wearing the blue shoulder pad too. He had no right to. He noticed a glimmer of a smirk then on Dektri’s face. What? Had he nodded? It seemed to him that he had... Magen ground his teeth. Dektri was, and always had been, a manipulator of people.
The squad babbled on, seeming unconcerned. They were despite various prejudices, excited about being in Solara. They had good reason to relax too. Being posted behind Anchrike, the final wall, they were going to have an easy time of it. Even Damoclus was certain the siege of Solara would be broken.
Janessa... She was sitting there at the other end of the bench, silent, removed. She was not enamoured with the talk of war and battles. Magen guessed that she was unhappy with her role as a repairer of soldiers. Understandably so, some of her argument seemed right. Why was one life worth more than another? Why was Seaton rule so important – were lives not more important than proving the Es’stons had no right to conquer?
He should talk to her. Even just on a practical level, he needed to make sure she would cover for him, just in case. He did so hate this false history, this lie, he hadn’t lived without one, except for the short time when he’d walked among his people – then as a jester, a joke or a subversive infiltrator, an under-miner of order.
He unplugged his wristlet computer module, and flicked out the keyboard. He pulled up the messaging service and began to thumb type.
[Janessa, I know we’ve had our disagreement and I respect your position. I hope we can put it aside, I’m going to need you close by now that we’re in Solara. I just don’t know this place as well as I should.] He tapped the enter key.
Janessa perked up, feeling the tingling alert of her wristlet. She glanced at it and then looked across at Magen, past Elshan’s jabbering jaw. She seemed a bit wide-eyed, surprised perhaps by Magen’s strange effort to make up. She typed a short reply.
[I want an apology.] A flush of red came to her cheek.
[For what?] Magen typed, then thought better and erased it. He would have to make some kind of apology, something neutral, that he could really apologise for. He wasn’t going to apologise for his point of view, or even that he had argued with her. [I’m sorry I shouted at you, and annoyed you when you were under pressure.] He back-typed the latter part, reckoning she didn’t want empathy. Best be clear though; [I still hold to my ideals of course, but I don’t want to argue any more.] He submitted that. Janessa seemed to take her time in considering it. Magen read the reply.
[Okay, but you obviously don’t understand, or you would agree with me.]
Magen was quite aggravated by this, and failed to hold is tongue (or thumbs rather) entirely.
[An interesting suggestion – but let’s not debate it now. It wouldn’t be very constructive.] he replied, censoring the last bit, realising that she might feel very strongly that she should continue to argue for pacifism with him. She might take this as some kind of arrogant dismissal of the ideal.
[You’re right, we can discuss it some other time] she responded.
[Okay] Magen completed the conversation. She didn’t want to argue either. She still wanted to promote pacifism, at least it showed that she cared enough to want to ‘set him right’. She smiled at him, which seemed to make it all seem worthwhile. What was pride in the face of a smile from the woman you loved?
A little while later the Defender came to a halt.
“Are we there Saar’ha?!” Magen asked.
“Well, we’re at a supply depot and she’s getting out. I’m guessing yes...”
“Okay, enough with the sarcasm...” Magen leaned forward to get up, Dektri placed a hand on his shoulder.
“Perhaps I should deal with this...” He intimated.
“What? Dektri I am the acting senior officer! I think I should probably do the talking, at the very least I can explain myself clearly...” Magen objected.
“Ah well, I had just been thinking about that. That might have been true while we were on board the Kuan-Aree. However, now that we are off the ship, you can no longer order me. I am the one in command of this division,” he stated in diplomatic tones.
Magen nearly choked, “Sorry? Come on Dektri, be reasonable, we both know that it was I who took command of this mission...”
“Magen I was elected as division commander, and I intend to fulfil that role – by the book...” Dektri made for the door.
“Dektri!” Ogher roared, “Are you so sure Magen’s point isn’t valid? This is a clear change in leadership, whatever way you look at it. Rossi was never commanding the mission, and besides none of this is strictly ‘by the book’,” he finished in temperate tones having caught the centurion’s attention.
“This is the way the command structure works,” he said finally, stepping outside.
Magen interchanged a look with Ogher. A very subtle coop had taken place. Ogher was not by any means against Dektri, but against the change. They sat in shocked silence for a moment. Magen shook his head, Ogher shook his head. They could not lie down and let Dektri do this. They launched up in tandem.
“Right,” Ogher remarked, and they charged out the hatch.

“Ah, Magen, I was just explaining to Lieutenant Yanti how you are not in fact Captain Rossi...” Dektri said offhandedly as the pair approached.
“So, em, what happened to your command officers, Acting-Captain Dektri?” Yanti’s brow furrowed with concern. She was quite disturbed by this development and wanted to get to the bottom of it with haste.
“I was just getting to that. We were attacked by Es’stons on our way here, and the command deck was compromised,” he artfully misled the lieutenant. “By some stroke of misfortune most of the officers were killed or badly injured.”
“I see...”
“I’m sorry lieutenant if you were deceived earlier,” Magen sidled into the conversation, almost burning with embarrassment, “It was not my intention, and we were in somewhat of a rush. I was in command of this mission up until a moment ago, and minor technical detail. I captained the Kuan-Aree, and organised her defence – when I realised the bridge crew were out of action. Ogher Derell here was more or less acting as my first officer...”
Lieutenant Yanti seemed to mull this over, “There is some debate over who is in command then?” she supposed finally.
“Yes,”
“No,” said Dektri, his eyes becoming cold and cutting.
“I’m going to have to discuss this with my commander – if you’ll excuse me a moment...” she wandered off towards her bumblebee.
This was Dektri’s attempt to remove Magen’s responsibility for the report, perhaps. Magen suspected he would still have to do one anyway. Maybe it was more about career furtherance than anything else.
“Magen I thought I was clear on this...”
“You were, but I didn’t think it was so clear cut, nor so appropriate,” Magen said smoothly, keeping the anger and betrayal he felt out of his tone.
“We are in an unusual situation Dektri,” Ogher backed up.
The Lieutenant returned.
“My commander says I should take charge,” Yanti stated, she seemed thrilled, though somewhat daunted by the task. Again a good performance could lead to promotion.
Dektri and Magen were struck dumb. Dektri’s plot had backfired. He might have noted that Magen would probably have had more clout, with his grand secondary title ‘Swordmaster of Gahon’. Then if Magen had not challenged his right... Their combined actions had handed control over to Solara, this skimpy little unranked lieutenant who probably didn’t have the first clue how to command the men. Magen failed to conceal a wrathful glint in his eye, flashing a glance at the troublesome Centurion.
Magen saluted, “Right Ma’am,” he realised promptly submission was probably the right course of action, though technically officers of the Solaran army had no power over a division of the Terranchi army. Ogher and Dektri followed suit somewhat more reluctantly.
“In that case,” she clasped her hands, “Form up the ranks – we’re to march from here!”
“Where exactly are we going from here?” Magen questioned.
“I have details concerning your deployment. I will lead the way,” she raised her chin slightly, indicating that she was taking a certain pleasure from her unexpected promotion. It had to be quite something to go from zero to commander of a legion.
“Yes, Ma’am,” Magen assented gravely.
Dektri went ahead and issued the orders for everyone to dismount and form up. A certain degree of disorder ensued, especially since the division had only just been reformed and there were so many unfamiliar units. Dektri seemed to easily get into the swing of it, rapidly recovering his usual attitude.
Magen however could not so easily salve over the injuries inflicted, and seemed to his men especially dour. Thelas gratefully relinquished command. Nevertheless proving very helpful in forming up the swordsmen in and orderly fashion. They were posted at the rear and Dektri’s century carried the fore. That made it obvious that Dektri had made the better impression with Lieutenant Yanti. Perhaps the alien swordsmen were part of it too, it might have seemed an archaic Terranchi relic. He was certain now that Dektri had deliberately led him to make that mistake. He knew how important first impressions were.
Shortly the march through the under-city began. The thousand or so Terranchi warriors tromped out of the supply depot, where the trucks were forsaken, to be unloaded by others. Magen ordered his men to make a display of their arms. They were after all representing their countrymen. People would remember the swordsmen and their fiery blades.
“This is spectacular...” Elshan marvelled at the sight of the under-city. “What is this place? How could it have been made?” He reached up as if to touch the almost tangible seeming vaulted cavern roof. “The air density much change significantly...” he murmured, defied by the optical trick. The engineer in him appreciatively tried to explain the phenomenon.
“This is the Under-city, where we Solarans take refuge during a siege, or storm,” Janessa said in an almost tourist guide like voice, obviously poking fun at Magen and possibly herself. When they had met first she had taken joy in becoming Magen’s guide. “As Solara is called the City of Light, this is named the City of Night. So darkness comes when the city is besieged, and we shelter in it, where we can’t be found,” she hit a mystical note. “But while it lasts our light is gone.”
“That’s nice Janessa, real nice,” Yicle commented suavely dispelling the mysticism instantly, “I can’t see that these thoughts would be conducive to producing a positive atmosphere though. Not exactly going to inspire hope in the good citizens...” He held his sword in front, splashing orangey light back on his face. It made him look slightly fiendish. The sword was on its lowest setting, making it somewhat like a neon tube without the glass.
“I think it was more about survival,” she said coldly.
“And no doubt being poetic...” Elshan added.
“Ye-es those poets are a depressive bunch,” Yicle mused, “You were saying Janessa, I mean do go on...”
Janessa cast him a scornful look, he was definitely trying to rile her, “Well – um – it does look like a city at night-time, even the way you can occasionally see spots of quartz in the roof glitter like stars from the reflected light...”
“Greeanne-clug... stone of the sun,” Elshan muttered.
“Oh that’s a nice word, it must be old Terranchi – yes?” Janessa recognised, “You’ll admit,” she directed at the assemblage, “That it does seem a bit like mourning robes. When Solara is desecrated all becomes a shrouded in darkness?” she was among mostly Terranchi, she sighed, “Well whatever...” Elshan seemed to be the only one really interested.
“You didn’t explain how this was made…” Magen prompted, gesturing at the great vacuole beneath the earth in which men now lived. He was quite interested to hear the rest. He hadn’t spoken until now under the theory that you weren’t meant to converse and march at the same time. The whole division was chittering away at any rate.
“Oh! Well that’s simple,” she contented herself with the geography lesson, “Once a long time ago, this was an area of extreme geological activity. There are some very strange rock strata, and many kinds of rock in this area. You might know as well…” she made a point of addressing everyone else rather than Magen, “…that the only rivers running through Solara are underground. One of the major reasons that Solara has historically been the most defensible location on Seatus. Anyway these rivers long ago etched, and carved away much of the softer rocks, leaving many underground cave networks and tunnels. Most of these form part of the catacombs above us.
“At some point though, the main river, Sty, broke through to a lower level, so the above caverns became dry – and here a massive underground lake formed, and we had the seed of what you see today. Some thousands of years ago, after the lake had formed, the climate became warmer, and tons of ice melted from the peaks of Pelnias. The waters must have risen massively, enlarging this even more as they swelled through.
“Finally, of course, we discovered it. Our ancestors, built in it, they channelled the water so it would flow through, and made it bigger. Those pillars there you see are elevators and supports for weak areas,” She waved non-specifically at the sporadic black towers, silent and almost invisible against the dark sky without a star. “What you see is the work of several of our lifespans...”
There was silence for a while.
“Ah, great!” Yicle said, “But I think you should have stuck to the depressive poetic stuff.”
“Well I found it inspiring...” Tyr’uc proclaimed. Curiba gave him a punch in the stomach, he doubled up briefly, causing a stutter in those marching behind, “I was being sarcastic,” he complained.
“Really?” Curiba menaced, not forgetting that Tyr’uc hadn’t asked her to the ball.
“There seem to be a lot of people living on the streets,” Elshan reflected.
“Well they haven’t come out just to see us,” Saar’ha remarked acerbically.
“No, but the conditions down here... I sure hope today they can go back to their homes...” Elshan shook he head sadly.
“For some, this is their home,” Janessa went teary eyed, “The less well off…”
“Yes, yes – the criminals, disabled, shady businessmen, women of negotiable affection and etc. Yes we know, it really is the underworld,” Yicle decried flippantly. He received horrified looks from Elshan and Janessa. Magen knew just to ignore it.
“Erm – yes... Could we maybe walk a bit faster,” Slick pushed at Magen’s back, darting looks into the monochrome gloom.
“What the heck is bothering you Slick?” Yicle interrogated, “I would have thought these were just your type of people.”
“No – no, I’ve gone clean...”
“Doesn’t smell like it.”
“I wouldn’t say you smelt too great either!” Slick spat, “And don’t call me ‘Slick’ – it’s Jarom!”
“Woh there, no need to get heated...”
“You know Daret, I’ve had ‘nough of your hoity-toity self-righteous sneerin’,” Slick writhed, clearly he was very much on edge.
“Here! ‘Nough of that!” Elshan warned the two, “I don’t think any of us is particularly clean after today’s battle – and Yicle...”
“Yeah,” he said indifferently.
“Do grow up a bit...”
Yicle shrugged, “He started it!” he joked. Elshan just gave him the ‘look’, plagiarised form Saar’ha of course.
Eventually they came to a broad set of stairs, carefully guarded. It was the most convenient way up for the thousand or so men. It would save a lot of waiting for lifts. The tanks and support vehicles could be brought to the surface on elevators – they had gone on ahead.
As they ascended, the damp cool air of the underworld was gradually replaced by the dusty dry war-struck air of above. Finally the light shifted from the dull monochrome to more natural tones, the full spectrum bleeding in. When they reached the surface, most of the division had already been given assignments by Lieutenant Yanti. They were already moving away.
“Oh!” cried Janessa, pointing at the grey ash coating every building. It looked almost like they were back in Gahon with its grey stark towers. It was not the immaculate white, holy Solara she knew. She threw a hand in the direction of the Tower of Light, now grey like the skies. “I don’t understand??” she puzzled.
“It’s really odd,” said Tyr’uc who had also known Solara, “You don’t think they did a nanite attack?” he pondered.
“No – far too expensive, besides the shields...” Ogher pointed at the streaky skies that looked not unlike a child’s first painting, bright primary colours apparently disordered.
“Centurion Magen!” Yanti hailed.
“Yes Ma’am!”
“I want you to take your unit up to the wall. I assume close quarter combat is your forte...” She held a virtual paper display with a map of how the division was to be deployed.
“Yes, but you’ll find we’re just as good at ranged combat as any other century. Shouldn’t we have some sort of further briefing?” Magen tried to get a better look at the map. He had no idea what any of the other centurions were meant to be doing. The kind of information normally exchanged in a briefing.
“I’m sure that won’t be necessary – the Es’stons will not break through Cruahoreling!” She seemed amused at Magen’s ignorance of Solara’s defensive capabilities.
“Well, would you at least upload the briefing material... that map, and the terrain, deployment and objective information,” Magen indicated.
“Indeed centurion – I’ll be running things from my commander’s bunker. If there are any further questions you can comm me,” Yanti seemed a little off-put by these details of ordering things.
“Yes Ma’am,” Magen replied uneasily.
“Good,” she turned and strode away.
“Not a clue!” Ogher shook his head almost laughing, “Her commander must be besotted with her to give her any kind of leadership – good thing it’s only a baby-sitting job!”
“Yeah,” his wristlet still hadn’t updated, “Better get moving – Form up everyone!”

*	*	*	*	*
The High Marshal stood at the head of a table in one of the sound proofed conference rooms. He had not patched the Superintendent through yet – trying instead to anticipate the situation. He had no idea what this was about. Why should the Superintendent wish to speak to him in the middle of a battle? Why in fact should she wish to speak to him at all?
Normally the main way AstroCom spoke was through the news channels, and more often that offered more the particular viewpoints of the various news organisations which were part of the syndicate. AstroCom as a whole tried to maintain as much silence as possible on the political front – supposedly to appear ‘unbiased’. The deeper motive was more likely that they would be very hard to predict. Hence the High Marshal’s concern – he gave in though, and decided to let fate take him for now. He tapped a button on the console before himself, and opened comms.
“Greetings my High Marshal,” began the wizened though able-looking Superintendent of Records.
“Yes Mrs Grimaud – what is it?” The High Marshal inquired cantankerously. Mrs Grimaud had always reminded him of his old school headmistress – and as such the associated feeling about her were not very positive.
“We have a problem,” she started, but abruptly changed tack, “You seem to be dressed for battle High Marshal.” Urgent though business was, gathering information could be immensely useful. After all knowledge was power, thus the secret mantra of AstroCom went.
“It may be recalled to you that one of my chief roles is to conduct wars, and lead our armed forces in battle” He replied elusively – nosy old witch, he thought.
“Is it not rather the defence of Seatus?” She cut cruelly, “I had wished to speak to you on this very matter in fact...”
Immediately flashed into the High Marshals inner mind – the AstroCom Archives, they were situated beyond Cruahoreling.
Grimaud continued, “When you pulled your men back from Loydre, you also left the greatest repository of Seaton knowledge in Es’ston hands – you, High Marshal... This may be all very well for war making – but not very defensive of Seaton assets,” she clasped her hands together with a judgemental air.
“I had assumed, Superintendent, that the archives were entirely backed-up and stored in some fault immune fashion on the network of wristlets every Seaton citizen wears. Surely the solid archives can be rebuilt?” In this case the High Marshal was genuinely puzzled, moreover he was unsettled, having been reminded that he was ultimately responsible for the actions of his Marshals – in this case Rethell.
“This is certainly true – up to a point,” conceded the Librarian, frowning, “However certain information is rather more ‘private’, and therefore only available in the solid archives. Also certain source documents are stored in these archives – as hard evidence, if you will, of some publicly available information. Without some of these, there is no reason history could not be rewritten...” Mrs Grimaud laid out with deliberate clarity.
“Well – are there no back-ups, surely you have prepared for this situation? Are there not other repositories?” The High Marshal expostulated agitatedly, this news was beginning to be concerning.
“The archives in Temini were destroyed by Es’ston invaders earlier today. Surely with all your wonderful equipment and information gathering services you were aware of the battles now being fought there – and in Terranch,” she said sardonically noting that the High Marshal seemed perturbed at the news of Es’ston action in Temini, “The Archives are very likely to be taken in the siege of Kalhar. Your battlecruisers seem to have been somewhat less effective today,” she scorned alluding to the ‘meteor shower’, “I see lots of war, but some very poor defence – are you sure you’re doing your job?” She shook her head slowly.
The High Marshal turned away briefly, whitening. Rethell had not told him anything of this. He hadn’t asked, and besides, Rethell was defending Solara, not Seatus. So it seemed today that the Siege of Solara might indeed be broken, but the Siege of Seatus raged. The Es’stons had pushed further than ever before. The war had to end soon, it would either way... If only they could hold out another five years...
“What of the archives in Jahiro?” The High Marshal clicked his fingers.
A grim ironic smile cracked across the librarian’s face, she leaned forward, “Jahiro never signed the Secrecy and Exchange of Information act... They only have their own archives, and in a somewhat disorganised fashion,” she finished with a regretful sneer. The Jahiran Board of Executives simply did not trust AstroCom, being deeply suspicious of any service being offered for free.
“By Solarus!” the High Marshal profaned. He began to see why Grimaud was so grave.
“Now, my High Marshal – I suggest you work out a way to recover those archives...” she said forcibly, feeling her point had been understood.
“Impossible!”
“I humbly recommend that you analyse that statement very carefully. - If it is genuine, then it is certain knowledge will be lost. It is true to say we don’t know what particularly. The Library Index is still incomplete, but be assured years of research, designs, history, or technologies will be lost.
“Most of it will be obscure perhaps, or rarely used knowledge. Today some of these may seem useless, but we cannot predict what knowledge may be useful in the future...” she emphasised.
“Surely it can simply be gathered again, there are scientists, factories, engineers a plenty... Go back to the sources, if you will...” the High Marshal objected. Any knowledge could be rediscovered, it was not worth the thousands upon thousands of Guards it would cost to recover the Archives. There was even a chance the Es’stons would not realise the significance of the AstroCom Archives, and leave them intact.
“Sources do not exist for all the material, some were destroyed for security reasons – certain undisclosable information. On orders from either you or the Assembly of course. Sensitive information.”
“There’s nothing that can be done,” he said finally. In fact some of that information he could very well do with being lost. There were certain things better that no-one knew.
Mrs Grimaud curled a lip, “Have it your way then – we have nothing further to discuss. You may go back to your war.” She stretched forward and pressed the ‘hang-up’ button firmly, promptly disappearing.
This, the High Marshal was certain, did not herald a dark age. He believed it would turn out to be a minor frustration, mostly for AstroCom. More troublesome though, was the news about Terranch and Temini. Damoclus was certain to say ‘I told you so’. He would have to shift the blame very firmly, it would do no good to have rancorous Terranchi bringing their grievances to him. Fortunately they were becoming slightly suspicious of Damoclus, though AstroCom might be a bit sour now and try and redeem Damoclus... He wandered back into the ordered chaos of central command, pondering his politics deeply. It would all be in vain anyway if Solara fell...

*	*	*	*	*
“Hnuhh...” Janessa took a sharp intake of breath as she beheld the landscape revealed by her vantage point on the highest and final wall of Solara, “The mountains!” she cried, placing her hands on her lips as if to hold in her wounded heart. It was as if part of her soul had been taken away, she gave a short choking sob.
The first thing to have noticed would indeed have been those mutilated mountains. But it was an entire panorama of destruction, the whole land was wreaked, the mountains only the high point. Lying before the Pelnias range were the pock marked plains on which the Terranchi artillery and reserve troops now encamped. Following that an empty lonely band of scarred turf, then were the first battle lines, where Terranchi and Es’stons were now ensconced on Daing’n in a static seeming, unyielding battle. There was very little left of Daing’n, from the High Marshal’s bombardment.
The outer city had been razed to the ground, only a few buildings still standing, and even they, being reduced. It looked like the dislocated scree off a mountain side. At first Janessa could not credit this to their own artillery – but it indubitably was. The plasma cannons were lobbing into the Es’ston fortress and invasion ships, sometimes targeting the troops amidst the debris, indiscriminately landing. And those fortress ships, black and glossy, like giant shellfish, clinging like limpets to the land, unscathed by the low velocity plasma. Even now Es’ston warriors still issued forth.
She could not see the battle on Cruahoreling – but the noise, screams, pounding and gunfire, like hell drums, a beast beating on the earth – the Es’ston heavy railguns, mounted on the fortress ships, raking at the walls. The foggy dust enveloping the area around, quivering like the diaphragm of a loudspeaker. Distantly she could see innumerable Guards fall. Stretched in between, shrouded in dust, was their own mobile artillery, and behind them, launching over their heads, the massive stationary weapons, grinding the rubble of Solara – the desecrated city.
“Oh, oh!” she lamented, while the others gazed in funeral silence, “How could they! The Es’stons have destroyed our mountains – no! No! It must have been us, but why-oh-why?!” she threw up her hands, realising only they had a reason to blow up the mountains. “How could they?!” she repeated angrily, clenching her fist, tears beginning to stream. “Oh how this nation suffers, weighed to its knees by this yoke, this tyranny of war! Can it not end! Can this war not stop! Oh how we need some miracle, a divine saviour, a purgative for this unremitting disease, this painful welt!” she wailed, throwing her hands again to the broody sky, “Why do you let this go on – why? Why not end the fighting?! End the suffering! How can you be good – if you can show no mercy!” she sobbed, “Is there goodness?” she seemed now to ask an emptiness the question.
Magen, who had stood in silence thinking his own thoughts. Dwelling on his own secret feelings on Solara, believing now the Terranchi claims of Solara. The pride, the arrogance – here was the true oppressor, the war driver. The seat of government, the men who failed to negotiate, anything, not even the brief respite of a ceasefire. The men who might have made the difference. He saw now that Seatus was not united as at first it had seemed, but subjugated by the Solarans and their culture. The city worshippers who believed one city worth the death of a country.
Wars only happened by mutual agreement (the Estlem agreement in fact, which laid down the rules), and were only ended by the same. Every Seaton believed there was no worth in negotiation, the Es’stons were too primitive for that, the politicians believed that same lie. His tongue had almost snapped out at Janessa for her melodramatic weeping over the city, but now he had heard her speak to the shadows, toying with the thought that there was no goodness – the simple foundation for her believing in the same good, and interested creator as he. 
“Janessa, Janessa,” he said softly, putting a comforting arm around her shivering shuddering shoulders. “There is good, there is – we’ve got to believe it. This suffering is transitory. He does not intend it, but surely if He ended it all, just like that, there would be nothing we could call human. A man in a dream, a padded cell, like a lunatic, if he could not harm the world and rebel against good. Choose right or wrong. But if Cru’athor is good, then He has a plan, He’s worked it out – and now, is just like birth-pains, something beautiful will come...”
She sank to her knees, still crying, but smiling then too. Magen had said something right (or perhaps she found the image of the child birth unusual). Suddenly it made sense to him too – he couldn’t see it now, not even a glimmer of an end to the war, other than the oppression of Seatus – but he could believe it, he could hope. If it were true, he might not see it now, not with the narrow vision of history he had – but through something of that Divine, a revelation... Magen stood up again, now shaking and humbled by the beauty of what he seen for that mere seconds when the inspired words had tumbled from his tongue.
“This is Solara’s own doing,” Saar’ha said harshly, “They raised themselves up as a target, and failed to make peace...” she gave Magen an aloof look, to say ‘this is what you were thinking is it not? And yet you bow to the emotions and histrionics of Janessa!’
Magen stepped back from her. He wasn’t certain whether she had spoken to him, or he had that thought. The danger of communicating with a telepath – you had to think back. He leaned back against the chunky battlement, exhausted suddenly. A vision, but nothing tangible, real to back it up, nothing he could see...
“Saar’ha you are cold,” Janessa guttered, “Heartless – don’t you care about anything?”
Saar’ha seemed mildly bemused by this pathetic assault on her character, by her closest friend.
“You know who I am Janessa,” she said calmly, “Don’t expect more of me than that.”
Magen glanced sharply at her, as if to shame. He had seen more, she was not as devoid of these human aspects as she tried to put on. She was afraid, afraid to give of herself, that she only had this short life to live, and every acquaintance, every care simply took away from her, would wear her out. It was true, she did have little care to give. For whatever reason, she was not stirred by much – but this life of self-preservation could only become more and more empty. He knew, that was their common ground, that was why he felt so suddenly drained, emptied. Yet he was warmed, empty but filled, no fulfilled, in giving the little he had to give. Saar’ha had turned away, now darkly surveying the world from her battlement.
ZAP! Everyone started. It was Slick.
“Slick, what are you doing?” Yicle exclaimed, “There’s no way you could hit anything from way back here!”
“Well you’re wrong, cos I did hit somethin’ !” he bent down to aim again, “And its Jarom...” he grunted.
“No way! You’re wasting your ammo!”
“No I’m not – and that’s why I gots the sniper rifle and you don’t – I gots better judgement for these things,” he replied superiorly.
“Huh! Well I bet it’s about as painful as a gnat by the time it’s covered that distance!”
“Well you’d be sorta right...” Slick conceded, “But it’s still a right scorcher. I set your man on fire,” he seemed pleased.
“Are you sure that isn’t a bit...” Magen began.
“Here, let me have a go then!” Yicle enthused sufficiently convinced Slick wasn’t making it up. He pulled on his own targeting scope.
Slick set his jaw, thinking about it, “Righ’ then, let’s see what you got.” He passed over the rifle.
“Ahh – you’ve reduced shot-mass...”
“Course how else d’you think I got that range...” Slick nodded, “Tends to be out a little to the left...” he advised as Yicle took aim.
“You might want to calibrate it,” Elshan suggested.
“Just likely to be out some other way then – I have a compensation marker...” Slick explained.
“Fair enough...” Elshan appeared to be considering his own weapon now, trying to think how he could do something similar, presumably. “Ah, Sl... Jarom,” Elshan twiddled, “I was just wondering, about, you know...” Slick was ignoring him, so he gave up. It might be worth going for a drink sometime in the near future – and his throat was a bit dry. Looking out at the ruins of Solara though, it seemed unlikely to be soon.
Yicle let off a shot, he lifted up his goggles, “Well, I would never have guessed, it does work!”
“Come on – you never hit anything,” Slick scorned, suspecting Yicle was trying to steal his thunder.
“Well, good to know you’re useful for something...” he gave Slick a pat on the shoulder, handing him the rifle back.
“Thanks...” Slick mumbled, but Yicle had sauntered off, bored now, likely. He went and reclined on the crenellations some bit off from the group, past Tyr’uc and Curiba, who seemed to be engaged in a private discussion, or dispute of some kind.
Magen noticed something slightly off key, reflective or morose about his manner. Now what would be getting Yicle down? Surely nothing ever troubled him much! He had noticed a certain cranky edge of late. He got to thinking on the matter... perhaps it was Salira? Magen stirred from his repose.
“Magen...” Ogher called from where he sat, on the walkway his back against the battlement. “Maybe you should take the opportunity to get some rest – I can wake you,” he offered, noting, ostensibly, how worn out Magen was looking.
“No, I’m fine!” he stepped over his legs and on. He brushed past Curiba and Tyr’uc.
“You know what your problem is Tyr’uc,” he heard Curiba say, “You have no real backbone – you’re selfish, you never think sticking your neck out for someone else...”
“... I just meant you shouldn’t be so reckless...” was some of Tyr’uc reply. Magen chose not to interfere. It was little to do with him.
“She likes him you know,” Yicle nodded as Magen approached.
“Sure sounds like it,” Magen joked.
“She’s trying to appeal to his sense of manly pride, to get him to make a move – but she really doesn’t want to look the fool...” Yicle observed.
“Think it’ll work?”
Yicle gave a little snort, amused, “Not at all... something else is holding him back.”
“Oh... I never knew you were a psychologist Yicle?” Magen laughed.
“I make it part of my job...”
“...to know where people’s buttons are and how to push them?” Magen finished for him.
“Kinda, I guess – so how about you and Janessa?” Yicle judiciously chose to press a button and see what happened.
Magen was quiet for a moment, he looked out at Cruahoreling. It was difficult to tell, but it looked like the Es’stons were faltering. They would probably fall back and regroup, then make a last attempt.
“It’s on hold,” he said distantly. He was worried, worried that perhaps they didn’t know each other well enough to make it through – if they had more of these misunderstandings…
Yicle laughed, “That’s a strange way to go about things!” he gave Magen a friendly slap on the back, “Still I admire the sentiment,” he added wishing not to offend.
“You seem to be in a bit of a mood – Salira?” Magen cut in gravely.
“Hmph!” Yicle turned to look at the sky. “Looks like the Es’ston Air force has been subdued – and notice how the drops have more or less stopped. I’d say the fleet is retreating...” he spoke as if commenting on the weather.
“Well?” Magen pursued, ignoring the diversion.
“I’m going to miss her... She was so beautiful, and a mind that could cut through steel, right to the quick of things...” he sighed.
“You’re going to break up? Why?”
“Imagine she died…” Yicle murmured reflectively, “I don’t think we soldiers can afford that kind of burden.”
“I didn’t think you were that serious about her…”
“I’m not!” Yicle protested, “I’m just…” he paused to restrain the leaking emotion, “But what if I had been? What if there was a girl I really loved – and she had died?”
Magen was confused now,”…For a hypothetical situation – you seem pretty choked up about it.”
“Bah! Guess I’m just tired!” Yicle dismissed. He turned away, looking across the debris field again, as if to end the conversation. A quake of irritation passed over his face then, perhaps because Magen hadn’t left him, “It’s a delusion – how can you say there’s good! It’s all just random. You say that you hope that things will work out – that makes no sense, it’s made up, fantasy, make-believe...” he rounded abruptly.
“I think it’s nothing short of baseless despair it think it won’t be better...” Magen replied.
“History repeats itself, the future will conform to that…”
“But wars do end, what about Terranch and Angtar?”
“Terranch ended that by conquering Angtar...” Yicle rebutted with heavy sarcasm.
“What about Kellsat and Solara them?”
“Kellsat had to deal with its own internal struggles...” Yicle explained.
Magen coughed awkwardly, knowing he didn’t have a good answer “…Nevertheless, they did end.”
“True – but then there’s more suffering and death around the next corner – another century another war... It just cycles round in an endless, meaningless loop.” Yicle did the ‘finger round another finger’ thing.
“Yet the future is still unknown – maybe we haven’t progressed, but maybe it’s not just about simply rebuilding this world. Cru’athor will bring an end to all this…” Magen restated.
Yicle laughed derisively, “I think we could be waiting a very long time for that! If there is a creator, I think he must just have a very cruel way of amusing himself...”
“There’s no particular reason to believe that either,” Magen said stiffly.
“It goes with what we’ve observed so far...” he gestured at the horizon.
Magen plucked a tiny white flower from a crawling plant growing in the stonework, “Did you ever grow a plant when you were a kid?”
“Maybe,” Yicle confessed somewhat disarmed.
“Well if you watched the seed for a morning – and you’d never seen a plant grow before – would you begin to doubt that it would grow? Or after a week if it still hadn’t sprouted? Would you imagine that it would become a flower?”
“Hmph,” Yicle shrugged, he plucked the flower from Magen’s hand to study closer. He leaned with his back to the wall, “…would you imagine, after all time growing – that it would be dead the next morning?” was the final refutation as he threw the flower to the ground.
Magen didn’t bother to say anything more. What was the point, Yicle wasn’t listening. It would have to be quite a magnificent plan, truly divine, if Cru’athor was going to work with this kind of stubbornness.
“Magen?”
“Yeah?”
“Is that just heat haze over by the museum there or...”
Magen hit his comm...



Chapter 16: The Immovable Rock
 “Be bloody, bold and resolute: laugh to scorn
The power of man, for none of woman born
Shall harm Macbeth.”
 -Macbeth by William Shakespeare

“So what did AstroCom want?” Rethell enquired without looking up. He was keenly bent over one of the tactical displays. He flicked a finger over a certain area, this sent the officers into a momentary frenzy as they executed his will.
“They wanted a suicide mission to retake the archives. Some scaremongering about a Dark Age...” the High Marshal scoffed. He rested a hand on the table next to Rethell.
“Dark Age? I was under the impression we were already in one,” he said offhand, still focussed on what he was doing, “No, I doubt there’s much substance to that claim. More likely they just don’t want to foot the bill for the reconstruction.”
“My thoughts exactly,” the High Marshal frowned, “So how goes the war?”
“Not bad... not good either,” Rethell mused. Casually he redeployed and entire five divisions, sliding the model across the city. A Terranchi Marshal-Commander was making a few artillery requests, which seemed fair enough.
“Explain...” the High Marshal said impatiently.
Rethell tapped one of the officers indicating he should take over for a bit.
“Well Admiral Erith has more or less vanquished the Es’ston fleet, you’ll be pleased to hear. He’s sent a preliminary damage and casualty report...” Rethell handed the High Marshal one of the pads that was kicking around. “He’s managed to put a significant dent in the Es’ston fleet but...”
“It seems to have cost a great deal...” the High Marshal raised an eyebrow, having given a cursory scan.
“Indeed – he elected to engage the retreating fleet. He managed to obstruct their retreat path. They fought fiercely, as you would expect...”
“I didn’t give him these orders – I shall have to discuss this with him. It seems Rethell that you aren’t the only one who has forgotten that the whole point is to defend Seatus...” The High Marshal spoke jovially, but really he was furious with Erith. He didn’t want any disunity to appear between himself and the Admiral.
“He is a believer in offensive defence. You may recall he was one of the main instigators of the invasion attempt...” Rethell remarked. At least he wasn’t the only one to feel the brunt of the High Marshal’s displeasure.
“The vanity of youth – Erith has proven himself very capable since. Nevertheless we will have discussion. This action looks to have done as much damage to us as to them.” He tapped the pad off his hand thoughtfully. He set it down.
“The Admiral claims that he may have bought respite from the Es’ston fleet for as much as ten years...”
“And then what?!” The High Marshal snapped acidly.
Rethell gave a blank look, “I would say that’s up to you...” he dared.
“Yes, perhaps... Time I need,” he relaxed, Rethell knew... “By now the Es’ston front must be very close to collapse,” he gestured at Cruahoreling.
“Alas no,” Rethell confessed, “The Es’stons’ push on the walls harder than ever. Desperately though, I would say.”
“How is this possible with the Terranchi army at their rear?” The High Marshal quizzed. He snatched a coffee from a random passing lieutenant. He wasn’t a major fan, but he was feeling a bit tired.
“It’s mostly down to the Fortress ships. They are very difficult to take, and moreover, the Es’ston troops only have to hold off the army. The Terranchi force isn’t quite big enough to flank them – besides the terrain is near impassable. Thus they can maintain the attack on Cruahoreling. Their reserves are mostly spent though – so I would expect a collapse soon enough. However as I said, this action seems desperate. They would be better setting up for a breakout attempt and retreating to a fortifiable position,” Rethell detailed.
“I can see that – so why aren’t they?”
Rethell seemed to glower in response, setting his jaw, “I suspect they want to prove a point – that’s the only reason I can find for such reckless abandon...”
“They intend to fight until they conquer Cruahoreling then – is it possible?” He studied the unfolding battle, the minutiae escaped him.
“Not now,” Rethell smiled, “I’ve committed all our reserves, and any free units. Even if they breach the wall itself, which I highly doubt, they could not break through,” he finished smugly.
“That seems to make sense Rethell – but I note the north walls now have little more than a few sentries defending them.”
“I have five divisions and a light tank brigade ready for rapid redeployment, should the need arise. The Es’ston movements are under close observation too...” Rethell reassured. One of the captains at the table seemed desirous of Rethell’s attention, “Sir could you excuse me a moment, there are matters I must attend.”
“As you will Rethell... I shall study the tactical display now...” the High Marshal replied reluctantly. Rethell went immediately into conference with the officer in question.
His eyes roved over the table, gradually, a hideous terror seemed to seize him, is eyes bulging as he noted the remaining force on Anchrike, and surrounding the tower. Rethell had pulled almost everything, except the artillery of course. There were a mere three divisions left, unsupported by any armoured divisions too. Presumably Rethell felt they were mobile enough to be reallocated, but assuredly because Rethell ‘knew’ there would be no fight in this area.
Now that the High Marshal had seen it all, from their point of view, it was time to look at it from the enemy’s perspective. He had seen something that looked very tempting to capitalise on, no doubt so too had the Es’stons. Indeed they probably had anticipated it, Rethell had behaved sensibly, and seemed to have covered his back. However, if he were an Es’ston, he would seek to use that foreknowledge.
He rolled out the drama in his mind’s eye. He laid in his resources – true it was difficult to think as an Es’ston. He could never have done it, if not for the years of experience of their psyche.
The why was simple, what could be gained – ransom. There were plenty of officials, politicians and high ranking military officers bunkered down around the tower. It wasn’t hostage taking as such, though there were any number of good reasons for not firing on an Es’ston unit containing one of Seatus’ favourite public figures...
That was the Es’ston conundrum, finding enough bargaining chips to trade for their own generals, warlords, clan leaders and spies off the Seatons. A judicious Es’ston commander always made sure he had something to purchase that trip back to his home-world. A nippy cut and run stealth mission might just do it.
The how... Rethell was right about his sentries and the mobile unit. That route was not closed, but certainly very risky and therefore unattractive. No, if the Es’ston commander had months to prepare for this, he would have sought to expand the possibilities. He would have plenty of infiltrators and spies at his disposal. It was not so easy to guess here, that would take some imagination, and even perhaps inspiration. Such gifts the High Marshal had in spades. How else could one become the inspiring, charismatic figurehead of the Seaton armed forces? Now several strategies emerged. He chose the most likely, favourable one – and now sought to find some evidence of something similar having been deployed.
“Rethell?” the High Marshal beckoned urgently.
Standing at the other end of the table, Rethell sighed. He had hoped to escape. He was busy, earlier he would have appreciated the High Marshal’s advice and even direction – now he just seemed to be a bit of a pest. He was about four steps behind everyone else. Still it was better than him moping sickly in his quarters, one of the reasons Rethell had called for him, and besides one couldn’t neglect the High Marshal of Seatus. He gave a few cursory orders and ambled over.
“Yes?”
“You see this tunnel here – it runs up under the City Museum...” the High Marshal strained to contain his excitement, and the tension from his voice.
“It’s collapsed, I know. It happened sometime during the bombardment a few months back,” Rethell replied, his voice heavy with disinterest.
“Did it now?” the High Marshal offered Rethell a glimmering eye, which challenged his certainty, “And how did you check that?”
“I didn’t, this data is from AstroMaps – it’s all verified and cross-referenced – damn!” He recalled a previous occasion where records had been tampered now. “I should have double checked.” He thumped the table. The whole display flickered. Rethell hopped back, guiltily looking up at the witnesses.
“So this particular tunnel doesn’t even have a sentry?”
“It might, it could awkward to verify though. I wouldn’t worry too much. It’s too small for a large force to use. And just because its information from AstroCom, doesn’t mean that it is false,” Rethell consoled himself, more than the High Marshal.
The High Marshal gave him a very paternal look, his eyebrows raising in the middle, as if expecting more. Rethell felt quite demeaned and even a little embarrassed, “They wouldn’t need a large force, would they. A few hundred well trained operatives, marksmen, stealthsuits...”
“Or a stealth shield – we’ve been having some vague reports of their usage...”
“Exactly Rethell, not only that but everyone in this sector will be thinking they are safe, that they are untouchable within Anchrike. More so since troops have been drawn off, I wouldn’t be surprised if a number of those bunkers lie open...”
“I suppose I could send a camera drone to check it out if it’s that worrying...” Rethell offered.
“No need, I have already – in fact,” the High Marshal a large ‘camera’ icon, and then the location where the museum was on the display. One of the side screens lit up. The High Marshal adjusted the angle, to be more comfortable. Then he switched to manual camera control, edging the drone forward. It showed an area close to the museum.
“I don’t see anything unusual,” Rethell commented, greatly relieved. Only, the talk of shadow shields niggled at him. Surely they couldn’t give such a good illusion.
“Not yet... I’ll just turn this corner here, slowly now... Ah!” he cried, with little surprise as the screen went blank, a second or two later the next nearest drone was selected. The High Marshal pressed the cancel button.
“I suppose that might have been someone who didn’t want to be seen,” Rethell admitted coyly.
“Now we’d better get a move on and do something about it!” The High Marshal resolved.
“You’re satisfied then?” Rethell hoped that the High Marshal was just having wild paranoid fantasies.
“It would take this division at least fifteen minutes to get there,” the High Marshal mumbled to himself, “This one is even further away – Rethell, who are these Terranchi?”
“Oh – I have no idea how they got there!” he apologised, then remembered, “No, sorry, they’re Damoclus men, from Gahon – with the supplies. I recall you wanted them deployed here...”
“Yes of course. With the - the swords,” the High Marshal clicked his fingers. He was vaguely interested in the new ‘toy’ Damoclus had produced. “The Swordmaster of Gahon – eh?”
“I wouldn’t know sir, but they appear to be the closest... in fact, they seem to have noticed something,” Rethell observed. He concluded that just because the High Marshal was paranoid, didn’t mean he was wrong.
“There aren’t enough of them – and they’re rookies,” the High Marshal frowned.
“There’s always your Honour Guard, and the Tower Guards – they would be close enough, especially with their hover bikes...” Rethell suggested.
“Yes, that’s true – but we can’t issue orders to the Tower Guards...” The High Marshal became reflective. These men desperately needed help. Also he was intrigued by the swordsmen, and wished to see them in action, Damoclus had given him an interesting report on their performance in some battle near Kalhar. He was psyched for battle, true now Solara would surely stand. His gut feeling had been incorrect. Now though he was filling with the thought of giving the Es’stons a hiding. He had tasted something of his youth again in contemplating battle, the rush of emotion that came with Dancing with Death. “Rethell!” he declared sprightly, “I shall lead that charge, and the Tower Guards will have to accompany me to fulfil their duties.”
“What! No! Absolutely not! - You would be worth far too much as a ransom!” Rethell exploded, and it slipped out. He had noted the High Marshal’s earlier interest in battle, but had believed once at the tactical table he would settle down. The mind games were too addictive. It seemed like some kind of belated mid-life crisis.
The High Marshal laughed, “Don’t baby me Rethell. I shall go if it is my will. Besides how can the men respect a leader that never goes to battle...?”
“I think most of the men are trained to recognise the value in having ‘live’ leaders,” Rethell said stonily.
“Enough Rethell! I’m going to lead this charge. I give you full permission to ignore any attempts to use me as a bargaining chip. Now I shall take my leave...” The High Marshal smiled brightly. The men might agree with what Rethell said, but they still wouldn’t respect the ‘lead from the rear’ commanders as much as the bold forward charge. Respect – that was the key to loyalty, and loyalty was the key to the army being most effective.
Rethell merely shrugged. He decided it was best to let him do as he said. At least he was in a better mood now, and after all, High Marshals were not irreplaceable.
“Tutil! Tutil!” the High Marshal raised his hand so that the man-servant might locate him.

*	*	*	*	*
“Lieutenant Yanti – we’ve noticed a disturbance near the City Museum. Permission to investigate?” Magen asserted.
“Investigate? Centurion I can assure you there is nothing to investigate, could not be,” replied the Lieutenant, thinking it might be some kind of joke to prove her gullible, “We sit inside Anchrike, the Es’stons outside Cruahoreling...”
“There’s a kind of shimmering...” Magen attempted to explain.
“I’m sure, heat haze probably, an unfamiliar occurrence to you Terranchi – it’s just caused by differing air densities.” Clearly the Lieutenant was baby-sitting, and did not wish to make any decisions. The irony was that Yicle had just described it as exactly that, but there was a subtle difference, something about the perspective.
“It could be a shadow shield...” Magen pursued, growing more and more frustrated with the Lieutenant’s obstinacy.
“Centurion your orders are to defend Anchrike. You will maintain your position – Out!” she closed comms, and disappeared. Magen gave Yicle a disappointed look.
“Looks like a shadow shield to me,” Yicle reaffirmed, lowering his binoculars. Ogher joined them, seeing obvious flustering.
“Another one!” he exclaimed. He snatched Yicle’s binoculars and scrutinised carefully.
“Do you think I would be justified in ignoring the lieutenant’s orders?” Magen voiced aloud.
“I saw something there!” Ogher returned the binoculars to Yicle, “I think in this case if we don’t do something, people will be asking awkward questions later...”
“Like why we showed a complete lack of initiative?” Yicle laughed, “In another situation we’d be had for disobeying orders.”
“Right – I’ve made up my mind. I don’t think anyone’s going to care if we leave this position,” Magen smiled, “Not like the Es’stons could possibly breach Cruahoreling.”
“I would see if you can get Grammas and Dektri on board...” Ogher recommended.
“I’ll go for Grammas and Mattias rather...”
“Not a bad idea. Mattias can come in from the other side – that way if they’re there, they’ll be forced back the way they came, assuming we have the man power.”
“And where did they come from?” Yicle asked.
“Oh, I thought that was obvious,” Ogher apologised, “There must be a path through the catacombs – if you think about it, an escape route through the museum would have been considered quite important to evacuate all those valuables...”
Magen presently commed the pair of Centurions, laying out the circumstances and his suppositions. They concurred, eagerly, believing it certainly warranted a closer look. Grammas clearly had not yet had his fill of action that day, and Mattias, though sceptical, was ambivalent and didn’t see any reason why not to. To him the Solaran lieutenant was utterly irrelevant.
“So any idea what we might be up against? I don’t want to walk into a meat grinder,” Mattias questioned.
Magen gave a shrug, “Elite troops of some kind? Specialists anyway, or they wouldn’t be behind our lines.”
“Great! My favourite!” he cried sardonically, “Well, we’d better take a careful approach. We don’t want to reveal out presence too early, if at all.”
“Absolutely, glad to have you guys with me. I’ll keep you informed – Magen out.” He looked up at Ogher, “Let’s move out.”
“Ah now Magen, you’ve forgotten you’re the centurion again – you gotta give your own orders!” Ogher grinned,
“Er, right...” He patched through to the century, “All right men, we’re going to check out an ‘anomaly’ near the Museum. It’s likely Es’stons Elites, just follow my lead, and keep a low profile. We might not want to engage – so no one opens fire until I give the word. -Magen out!” He released the button, “Good enough Ogher?”
“It’ll do – you know we’re going into this with virtually no tactics formulated...” Ogher worried.
“We’ll have to make it up as we go...” He waved an arm to indicate the rest of the squad should follow him down the steps off the wall.
Magen brought up his tactical screen, patching in Grammas and Mattias. He scribbled a few directing arrows on it, and ringed the area in front of the museum.
“Three pronged attack – sure that doesn’t divide our force too much?” Yicle questioned as they stumbled down the steps with moderate haste.
“We would have the best advantage in driving them back into the building...” Magen justified. “Proportionally we’re likely to have the greater firing line.”
“They must have come through the catacombs!” Janessa called, “I remember there was an entrance through the museum.”
Ogher gave Magen a look, “Thanks for the clarification Janessa!” Magen replied.
“It’s what I said, it’s a good thing too. With a retreat path the Es’stons will offer less fight. They hate being cornered. All we need to do is make in unattractive to hang around,” Ogher extrapolated as they hustled along the unfamiliar streets, immaculate still apart from some cracked rendering and the pulverised mountain dust. They continued to gabble tactics until they drew close...
They turned a corner, several blocks away from the museum front. Magen flicked a finger over his shoulder and Thelas with a few squads, wriggled across the road on their stomachs. Their grey ‘camo’ almost made them invisible as they pressed against the filthy buildings.
“Hold this position,” Magen commed to the unit. “I can’t see anything Ogher...”
“No, that shadow shield is a pretty good smoke screen...”
“With the advantage of not giving away your position,” Yicle added.
“Ogher? Would you or Elshan have any idea how to disrupt the field?” He glanced at his wristlet, Grammas and Mattias had reached what Magen had guessed to be as the close as they could go without being easily noticed.
Elshan gave a shake of his head, Ogher shrugged, “I haven’t the foggiest how the thing works!” he confessed, “Ariot seemed to have an inkling to the theory though...”
“I’ll give him a call then...” Magen switched to audio only mode on AstroCom. The normal frequencies were jammed, so there wasn’t bandwidth for video. He hoped the relay to Istle (where Ariot was laid up) was still working.
“Hey Ariot – any idea how to see through a shadow field?” He said in a rush, there was little time for pleasantries.
“Er – well,” Ariot was a little off balance, “Well, if you had an E.M.P. emitter? Or smoke, that would do it...”
“You don’t have a thermo-nuclear device...” Ogher explained to Magen, as he was about to ask.
“Smoke’s no good either Ariot, I want to see what’s behind it...” Magen emphasised.
“Well it likely covers most of the visible spectrum and the adjacent frequencies, infra-red and ultra violet. You won’t have any equipment to see the other parts of the spectrum...” Ariot mused, with a slight hint of embarrassment in his voice, “Have you tried looking down on it from above?”
“No – why?”
“It might not offer three-sixty degree coverage, in most cases it would be a waste...”
“Right thanks Ariot...” Magen closed the frequency. “So?” he looked around for his squad’s advice. He saw a number of blank faces – unusually it seemed Slick was the man with the plan. Magen noticed the pent up excitation on his face. “Slick?”
The words rushed out, “Right well you see, I could go to one of the higher floors in this here building,” Slick pointed enthusiastically at the looming apartment block, obviously for military use. Much of the grounds around the tower were. “I’d get a good view, and then I might even be able to snipe the shadow field generator thingy! Ya see!” He didn’t mention the incidental fact that it would remove him from the line of fire.
“Sounds good to me, comm me before you do anything though...” Magen glanced at Ogher, no objections. Slick gave a little salute and dashed off.
“Seems a little sharper off the mark since we came here...” Elshan observed.
“So what are your theories on what’s getting him?” This was Yicle’s chief curiosity at the moment it appeared.
“History,” Elshan said shortly.
“This isn’t the time Yicle...” Magen sighed.
Tyr’uc shuffled forward, “This is unusual, the level of radioactivity here seems to be higher than normal levels.” Tyr’uc had apparently been trying to see if any of the sensors built into his wristlet could detect anything.
“Is it dangerous?” Janessa asked with concern, fully aware of the medical implications if it was.
“Not especially,” he showed her the reading.
“Enough to increase infertility, maybe a slightly increased chance of cancer,” she decided.
“Fallout from whatever they used to blow up those mountains...” Ogher wiped some dust off the wall to show what he meant.
“Strange, with the dust being brought down by the rain, it should be a lot worse – if it were a fusion bomb,” Elshan said. The brothers seemed to come to a mutual conclusion.
“– A pure fusion bomb then?” Ogher voiced.
“Or anti-matter?” Tyr’uc proposed more unconventionally.
“Hah!” Ogher guffawed, “Don’t be silly – any idea how hard it is to produce any quantity at all of anti-matter, and contain it!”
Meanwhile amidst the rather unscientific speculating, Slick approached a rusty fire escape door. He blissfully ignored the faded ‘Keep Clear’ sign, and placed himself directly in front of the door. He rifled through his pouches, eventually laying a hand on his lock-pick kit, non-standard issue.
It included the typical. A few lock picks indeed, skeleton keys, for the occasional conventional lock and key type system. Then there were the exotics, a data key cracker, a miniature computer inside a data cube, with an accompanying fake socket to skim codes. He had a tiny vial of concentrated acid for the more awkward mechanical locks, and finally some plastic explosives – to deal with electronic locking systems, and this fire exit. He rolled a snake and wedged it in, then wired the detonator and stepped back.
There was a pop, of a suitably stealthy nature. It was followed by an odd scuffling noise, which unnerved Slick. Was there something on the other side of the door? A rat, no not a rat... He shouldered his rifle and drew his side-arm. He gave the doors a sharp push, some resistance.
The interior was dark, and empty, except for a pile of rubbish that had collected in front of the doors. Perhaps the rustling had been due to the explosion – or maybe the Es’stons had already taken up positions inside the city. That thought chilled him. Around any corner of this dark shell – death. He lowered his goggles and then his visor over those, switching on the image intensifier. Everything became fuzzy and green, which was better than just black. He mounted the steps.
Not a sound, nor a glimpse of anything unusual by the third floor. Except his own footsteps, which no matter how hard he tried he could not disguise them, and they seemed reverberate all the way up the staircase. He swung round the landing area rapidly, unsettled by the lonely silence. Then he was unsettled by the break in it – a light pattering of feet. He held his breath, drawing back into the shadowy corner. Maybe he should turn back – then how could he explain to Magen. Ogher would shout at him and threaten him, no, better plough onwards. This was more favourable than facing the Es’ston fire.
He sucked in a deep breath, and climbed to the fourth floor – why was he doing this again? Why not just crawl into a corner and hide? He saw Magen shaking his head in his imagination, but why worry if they died at the hands of the Es’stons – was it not enough that he survived. Well perhaps... but Magen had always shown him respect... He’d never had lives on his hands before, other than his own, something within said that he could not run.
He stiffened, the door to the fourth floor lay ajar. Whatever it was, it was now roaming the fourth floor. Maybe it was just a bum off the street. This presented an interesting predicament. If he went up higher, it would be behind him. He didn’t want an Es’ston sneaking up on him, but then if he went back down, the same thing could happen...
Slick pushed through into the hallway, trembling. Florescent green splashed brightly on his vision, the ‘Exit’ sign above the doorway. He was actually going to confront it, the Es’ston, madness! Still it seemed like there was only one – seemed like – he froze in fear. What if there were more? A door slammed behind him. Instinctively he tightened his tremulous finger on the trigger. His arm jolted and his vision flared a blank green. The bolt splashed at the far end of the corridor, evaporating, leaving a tricking of fire without fuel.
A whimper emanated from one of the rooms. Had he scared his adversary, his nightmare? The adrenaline raced through his lanky frame. He felt his head thump. He crept forward, emboldened by the thought that perhaps his enemy was more terrified than himself.
He carefully and delicately pushed open the door, the evening golden syrup-like sunlight lazily poured into the corridor, bleaching out Slick’s image intensifier for a moment. He scanned the room, and let out a breath, nothing. Perhaps it had all been his imagination, he’d been caught out by it before... but no! There! In the harsh shadows! Hidden by the exposure and poor dynamic range of his intensifier – a foot, then followed by a human form, as it adjusted to the light level.
“Don’t move or I fire!” he aimed his pistol holding it with both hands. He weaved his head from side to side trying to see clearer. Now his heart was in his mouth, his whole body racking with the terror of the encounter. His finger tightened on the trigger – then he heard child-like sobbing, over in fact, his own. He dared to raise a hand off the pistol, and flicked up his visor, then pushing up his goggles.
It was some kid – some homeless ragamuffin child! This was not one to tell Yicle, or the rest of the squad. This was one to take to the grave. His greatest show of bravery in his whole life, and in the end it had all been in his head. Well, not quite all...
“Shh, shh,” he soothed, “I’m not going to hurt you...” he whispered. He felt bad that he had so frightened this poor little... girl, he decided. She looked to be maybe about seven years old. He holstered his pistol calmly. He took a step towards her, she just seemed to cry all the more, melting Slick’s feeble heart.
She looked so undernourished. He put a hand into his pouch, and withdrew one of those sickly sweet energy bars that Seaton Defence issued them with. It would seem to be exactly suited to this kind of situation. This was the way it always happened in the ‘moving pictures’, usually just before the evil alien that looks so innocuous rips your stomach out, or explodes. But Slick was not dealing with a previously un-encountered alien/animal of an unpredictable nature.
He peeled off the wrapper, “Food?” he offered holding it out in front of himself, taking another daring step closer. She didn’t seem to comprehend, staring mutely at him, wide eyed in fright. He took a bite to show what he meant, “Yum, yums...” he babbled, offering it again... Ah, now she got it – that grabbing hand motion. He walked up to her now and crouched, she snatched the bar from him. Her other arm flicked out. Slick rolled back in shock, landing on his bottom with a clatter. A knife! She had pulled a knife on him. She held it now against his throat, her warrior’s eyes flashing dark and furious. Slick guttered tears – she was an Es’ston! Now this dreadful story took on even greater irony. Here he would die at the hands of a kid! He shut his eyes.
There was a peal of laughter, mirthful and childish, he took a peek, she was laughing at him.
“You’re funny!” she declared withdrawing the knife and taking a giant bite out of the bar. She munched on it chewing with her mouth open. Slick scrabbled back, and stood up nervously. She laughed again.
“I’m a soldier I’ll have you know...” Slick attempted to regain some dignity, which this seven or so year old had just stripped him of entirely. It was a good thing there had been no-one to see it34.
She gave him a ‘yeah right’ look, “Do you have a drink?” she asked boldly.
“Er, yeah,” Slick clutched at his water bottle, “But gimme the knife first.”
She gave it a brief look, then tossed it over casually. He picked it up – not unused to the ways of ‘her type’, and being of similar background himself, he knew this just meant she had a back-up. He unclipped the water bottle anyway, and unscrewed the cap. He took a slug of it himself before passing it back to her.
“You don’t have mouth germs?” she quizzed.
Slick rolled his eyes and gave a sultry “No”. Hygiene questions from a kid who looked like she wouldn’t know one end of a bathtub from the other... She was a cheeky one.
“What’s your name?” Slick asked as she fouled his water.
“Tania...” she gasped.
Slick gave her a piercing look. She didn’t look like she wanted him dead. He glanced over at the window. Magen would be beginning to get concerned, though he hadn’t commed yet.
“I’ve got a job to do...” he told Tania. He stepped carefully over to the window, watching her reaction.
“Hey that’s rude! You didn’t tell me your name!” she sulked.
“Slick...” he peered out the window cautiously, “No, it’s Jarom – Jarom Samess...” Yes! He could see the Es’stons, he patched his helmet camera through to Magen.
“That’s a funny name,” the girl crept up beside him, leaning on the sill. She began unwrapping a bar she had just stolen from him.
“Magen can you see what I see?” Slick commed, Magen’s affirmative reply came through. “Here! Where’d you get that?!” Slick noticed a portion of the bar seemed to have restored itself. Being reasonably certain the standard issue energy bar did not re-grow, he could only suppose she was making her way through a second bar.
“You gived it to me remember?” she said coyly, “Who were you talking to?”
“That was my sergeant – why’s my name funny?” Slick demanded abruptly, feeling slightly offended.
Tania snorted, “It sounds like something else,” she sniggered out, but remained silent as to what it sounded like, “What ya doin’ ?” she inquired, well versed in how to interrogate for whatever reason – perhaps because she was a child.
Children often had an unhealthy interest in knowing more about the world around them, Slick had noted. When you grew up, you discovered ignorance was much preferable. Well except that you got addicted to knowing, it was useful for survival. But if you didn’t know that, then the world might be a very peaceful place, until you walked around a corner into the waiting Es’ston. Perhaps ignorance only seemed attractive, there had to be a reason he had departed from it in the first place – not knowing what knowing meant?
“I don’t know yet...” Slick replied. At that moment Magen uttered the orders to fire on the field generator if he could. - “Those are your people aren’t they?” Slick addressed Tania. He wondered if she would try to stop him. Surely not many seven year olds would so believe that they could direct the fate of the world, or understand reasons why they might do such things. Then maybe she had already been taught to hate and attempt to confound Seatons? This was a bright and crafty one...
“Yup, Mummy says they don’t care about us so; ‘let their Honour strangle them’,” the girl quoted.
“Hmm, I see,” Slick lowered his goggles, switching off the image intensifier. He had had some dealings with Es’stons before – on a purely professional basis. Certainly some of them had felt abandoned and betrayed. Maybe she was trying to trick him, though the statement seemed sincere. He raised his rifle and scanned for his target.
“It’s that thing there...” Tania pointed helpfully.
“Huh! How on earth would you know that?” Slick protested, “And how would you know what I’m looking for?”
“‘S obvious in’t it...” she chewed suavely on her bar, “I sawed them set up – and the shimmering fake see-through thing. You wanna shoot at ‘em – you’d have to see them first?”
Scary kid... He verified the target, took aim, and fired. The field collapsed. Slick relaxed. He’d done his job, he could just hang out here until it was all over.
“We should go now,” Tania suggested in a worried manner. She picked at her teeth.
“Yup...” Slick had just remembered rule number one of sniping. He picked up his gun, then grabbed Tania’s hand, and they dashed out of the room, along the corridor and down the stairs.
Reaching the fire exit Tania wriggled out of his grasp, and ran off, disappearing down one of the streets. She obviously wasn’t keen to meet more guards. Living in the underworld was much preferable to a POW settlement – there was freedom. The thought almost made Slick long to be free of the Seaton Guard – though as it turned out at the moment it was probably his best bet for survival, the irony. He heard a burst of plasma fire. He saw the shots ascend just around the corner of the building up towards the roof of another, and he saw the target. Understanding it was a scout and the meaning of Magen’s order to hold fire which had just come through. He defied, dashing round he took aim, and shot the man down.
Magen saw a spark of railgun fire leap up from the group of Es’ston soldiers towards Slick’s position. The shots lanced through the building. Magen hoped Slick had the sense to move. Some minor debris pattered down on his shoulders. He’d made them angry and wary, their shadow shield was no more. The fire promptly stopped, and a tense silence ensued. The Es’ston commander was still not keen to announce his presence to the world. It proved also they hadn’t been spotted.
It was a staging area. It seemed probable the Es’stons had never intended to defend from here, just to reassemble the units and send them out. A feather in Magen’s cap for having caught them at this delicate moment. However, the Es’stons did outnumber them, and Magen recognised them for a superior force, if in the inferior position.
Magen had measured their force. They had at least five heavy, wheeled railguns, a couple of lasers, plus the portable generator. They were indeed the infamous Tyran’s – or perhaps some other clan had bought some of their equipment. They had not completely neglected securing their position, and there were sand and earth bag walls built up around the area, as well as some entangling barbed wire. There was no fear of barbed wire lacerating a Guard through his armour, but it was still pretty good for impeding movement. The Es’stons now moved about uneasily, not yet aware where the threat lay, nor the magnitude of it.
How to deal with those railguns? Magen only had fifty or so men. In close combat they were worth four times that, but at range, they just couldn’t take the casualties. The sun glinted menacingly off the closest railgun. How could they cover that ground to get into combat? Perhaps he shouldn’t have been so quick to get Slick to disable the shadow field?
“Elshan do you think you could...”
“Magen!” Tyr’uc gesticulated, “A scout...” A shadow flickered along the rooftop of the building opposite, “He’s spotted us!” Tyr’uc released a burst. The cement sizzled and spat, cracking slightly.
“Hold your fire!” Magen yelled to the century. He hit the quick-comm button to Mattias and Grammas, “Fire at will!” he bellowed.
Slick ran up at that point, crouching, slightly into the road. He aimed and fired. He shot punched through the concrete rim the scout was hunkered behind.
“Get down and hold your fire!” Magen screamed at the unit again, knowing Slick’s shot though well placed, could easily precipitate a reaction. He motioned his hand down and lay himself out on the ground. At that moment the railgun aimed in their direction burst to life. Pandemonium ad erupted either side of the Es’ston force. The guards and warriors exchanged fire, the air smouldered from the bolts and the lasers ignited the air in brilliant beams.
“Hold your fire! Hold your fire!” Magen re-emphasised as the railgun sprayed shot across the street, knocking huge holes in the walls nearby, raining down bricks, glass and twisted metal. It was nothing the guards armour couldn’t withstand. There was a certain amount of twitchiness, but Magen was relieved to note his orders were followed.
The Es’stons had no idea what kind of force they were, and the bulk of the attack came from elsewhere. The railgun was a probe to draw them out. Even if the Es’stons had defeated them, it would be a complete mystery why they didn’t fire. It was then he recognised this as one of the scenarios he had played through with Damoclus, and subsequently the swordsmen. No wonder they knew to hold their fire, this was familiar, and they knew their role...
“They have shielding!” Mattias informed, “Taking heavy losses! If you’re going to do something!” he cut out, having made his point, and having little time to say anything else.
This tactic had pushed the weight of the Es’stons fire on the other two units. Not entirely fair if he did nothing. Some smoke... The railgun fired sporadic suppressive fire, obviously conserving ammunition and aware that there was more than one guard down this street.
“Let’s lay down some smoke... No – hold on that order!” he realised the mortar would entirely give them away. He considered it – no he had to commit, “Smo–” he began.
The High Marshal and his wing of elite hover-bikers swooped in. As they made the pass on the Es’stons, they released a clutch of grenades – and Magen noted with great satisfaction, they laid down smoke. They weren’t in communication, but someone had guessed his heart’s desire. The grenades flashed as they detonated, hurling Es’stons about, casting up plumes of earth, dust and metal shards. Not too effective considering their armour, but it added so much confusion that a war chief revealed himself for an instant, trying to bring the soldiers under control. The fierce bellows echoed down the street over the gunfire.
Slick shouldered his rifle again and took the shot. It was a work of art, and might have been beautiful, had it not been for the death it bore. This now was the perfect moment.
“Charge!” Magen cried, adrenaline rising and fuelling the roar. 
The heavy railgun lay mute as the swordsmen bounded across the open road. Some sharper Es’stons scrambled to upright the fallen weapon. The hover-bikes rounded on a second pass. Many of the Es’stons fired on them, instead of the invisible swordsmen now rushing towards them. A number had the cop-on to guess the impending charge, and fired their rifles into the beyond.
Some swordsmen fell, but Magen knew that they would have their chance now. A glance across revealed that Slick and Janessa had not joined the charge, which was fair considering they didn’t have the swords. Curiba gave a gallant spin of the Dragon Sword – she was leading the charge! Magen realised that they weren’t following him at all, they were following her! She was the banner.
Elshan took a hit then, he stumbled, momentum carried him on for a few steps, then he collapsed. It was like watching an elephant go down, he rolled in the dust. Magen felt a lump in his throat as he sprinted, leaving the oldest brother behind. He pushed the thought from his mind. Elshan might live, their armour was good at preserving lives, but here in this moment, it did not matter either way.
Then he saw Saar’ha break off from the group. He didn’t expect her to join the hand to hand fighting. He couldn’t even imagine it. But why had she run with them in the first place. It didn’t take a stretch of the imagination to guess. As telepaths went she was pretty good at being a weapon.
Curiba crashed in first with surprising weight. The black sword swept through a majestic arcs. The Es’stons shrank from her as before. Then the rest of the swordsmen poured in struggling through the wire, but the swords here were a fantastic aid, slicing through the binds with ease. The Es’ston ranks seemed to quiver, falling back, then resurging as they resolved and recuperated from the shock. They shoved back with their sheer weight of numbers, but soon the lines dissolved and all there was, was an amorphous writhing – the tackless mêlée.
Magen leapt over the wire. He fired two shots at the gunners attempting to get the heavy railgun back in action. His sword cursorily cut through the barrel, rendering the weapon useless. It was too late for it anyway. He fended off a rifle butt, and skirted a bayonet. He wove his sword in response, dashing the Es’ston armour to pieces. His men were having some more difficulty in that respect, but they had learnt from the previous battle. Yicle danced down beside him whisking his twin blades about with mesmerising deadliness...
The hover-bikes came back again, decked in gold and crimson trim, tall and royal. They were easily recognisable as the Tower Guard. Magen was not at all well versed on the lore and pageantry of the Seaton Defence Forces, but the man leading them, could only be the High Marshal of Seatus. Magen sought to pinpoint the man himself, incredulous that they had been graced by such a prestigious person. The bikes circled, like cowboys corralling their cattle. The riders fired their custom one handed blasters, specially braced on their armour which seemed inhibitive.
Now who else could that be, wearing the silly plumed helmet, and gold burnished armour? Well, yes, he had seen a Priest of Infernus in similar attire but there wouldn’t be too many of them about Solara. Nor would a Priest be followed by the Tower Guard. It was assuredly the High Marshal.
Magen took a blow to his stomach for his battlefield reflections – so did his aggressor, but it was more pointed. Magen struggled for a moment staggering, pushing the corpse away. He held off the Es’stons feebly with his sword while he recovered. Tyr’uc - he saw had switched to his pistol, finding the sword not so effective perhaps. He stood remote firing over the shoulders of the swordsmen. Cool and confident, any approaching Es’stons seemed to be nailed like pop-up gophers – he even appeared to be aware of every attempt to fire on him turning on any muzzle directed at him.
Magen fired his own pistol, taking down a particularly persistent opponent. He shouldered the blow from a rifle, but followed slicing the offending weapon. Then he felt innumerable flashes of blackness, as if in a dance room with strobe lights. It became disorientating, and a struggle to co-ordinate himself. He was being shot at, targeted, his blue shoulder pad marking him out as important, but not important enough to benefit from the Es’ston stipulation of not firing on leaders. In that respect the High Marshal was invincible. A grapple shot up from the crowd of Es’stons. 
No! They had not forgotten the pretty prize circling tauntingly above. Then another, the first missed. The High Marshal was snagged, he gunned his bike remorselessly, but in vain. Magen pushed in that direction seeing the threat to the Seaton leader. Too slow... the glittering bike tumbled to earth, smashing the noble rider on the cruel concrete. The Es’stons surged around, mobbing him. They wanted him alive. Magen heard the cries for help, but it seemed his guard were too occupied even to have noticed. Railguns spat at them viciously.
“Ogher! Curiba! Yicle! Tyr’uc! To me!” Magen waved an arm in the direction of the Es’stons retreating with the wrestling High Marshal.
Curiba did not respond. Instead she brought the fury and power of her ancestor and the dragon down on the quailing Es’stons. She stood heroic, tossing aside the feeble parries of the Es’stons, not one of these lesser peoples able to make a mark. Insignificant flies she swatted down. She looked invincible, like she could have taken them all on by herself. The rest of the swordsmen looked diminutive and pointless in comparison.
He glanced about just in time to see a warrior armed with a concrete block clock Tyr’uc over the head. Magen shot the man, who subsequently fell over Tyr’uc’s unconscious form. Yicle waved to him, no doubt smiling behind his face mask as he ran through the intervening warriors to join Magen. Ogher noted the call, and heaved up one of his opponents, whose eyes bulged in surprise. He battered a path, bulling through meeting Magen and Yicle.
“The High Marshal,” Magen explained, as he directed their fight towards the shrinking kidnappers.
The three of them pressed on, but the Es’stons pushed back harder and harder as they became more and more isolated. Ogher hurled a man into the mass, then thumping with armoured fist, trying to forge a way. Magen snaked his sword and struck like a cobra, sharp and lethal. But still they had little headway. Then there was a crack, like a splitting tree trunk. It was Ogher, one of those single charge pistols – there weren’t really any decent Es’ston side-arms. Nevertheless it pierced Ogher’s weaker stomach armour. Like Elshan he thundered on under that Derell family momentum. He spluttered then, holding an Es’ston brutally by his vulnerable throat. The Es’ston would certainly have died, Ogher’s grip slackened, and he crashed to the ground smothering the warrior.
Magen felt a surge in the Es’stons around him. Grammas had charged in now, not content to be limited to his marksmen and the occasional clear shot. Yicle and he were being mobbed now, hands grabbed and wrestled. Magen found it more and more impossible to enforce the power of his blade. He gave a final mammoth crocodile death roll, wringing himself free, he smote the Es’stons with the flicking tongue of doom. He glanced to see how Yicle was doing.
They had him, two men on either arm, another levelling blows on him. Magen let off a few shots. The Viper thundered into the warrior’s back and the flames consumed him. His attention was required now, to protect himself...
Then everything went black... No, no, it was the pea-soup of the universe’s innards. Energy flashing back and forth, atoms wheeling, electrons fluttering about like humming birds, hop-scotching between energy states. A number of railguns were firing on him. There! He was close to the High Marshal, only another two metres. He swung his sword feverishly at the collections of matter that he knew to be Es’stons – the high water content gave it away. The ground around him cleared. They were afraid of something – him. Magen exulted, now perhaps he was even as fearsome as Curiba.
He stalled, he felt a weight grow on him. The railguns still fired, the shots clattered uselessly on the ground around him, like coins in a slot machine. More and more guns were brought to bear on him. His head felt tight, like the seed of a migraine. He felt suffocated, that weight like a millstone round his neck. Now it felt like the shreds of his being were being pulled apart. He dropped to his knees holding his head. He fought to pull himself together, like trying to hold an open coat closed in a strong wind.
What was happening?! Then he knew, he was holding the energy of the railguns, and the more he held, the more entropy wanted it to be released, dispersed – the harder it was to hold. He had to let it go – before he had merely, and subconsciously traded it, juggling it about – like a virtual lever. He had to let it out!
He did... there was a crack of thunder, like a lashing whip. He felt it all flow away. The soldiers around him were flung into the air and the force of the shock-wave threw everyone around to the ground, leaving a sprawling mass of stunned soldiers, trying to rise in their clumsy armour. The windows and main doors of the museum were blasted in, Es’stons were scattered against its rising marble steps and broken on its elegant standing pillars. Finally Magen’s sight returned.
“Hmm,” he murmured with a passive interest, surveying the scene briefly. Then not losing a second more, he hopped over to the High Marshal, lancing his sword into a few of the rising Es’stons. He saw Mattias’ men breaking cover and charge, obviously taking advantage of this prone moment.
“Are you okay sir?” Magen asked, helping the High Marshal to stand. He fenced off the Es’stons – the battle resumed almost where it had left off.
“You did that!” he surmised gruffly and not missing a beat, “I need a weapon...” he walloped an Es’ston across the ear.
“Take Shucnascrad – on my back!” Magen turned about to deal with the disparate foes. He hoped the High Marshal was the only one who had been able to discern the source of the ‘disturbance’ – otherwise he might be in for a lot of questions. He would not all the same confirm the High Marshal’s supposition.
The High Marshal drew the glassy blade and gasped, but had little time for wonder. He put it to use immediately. He wielded it clumsily, never having used a sword before, but a sword that could cut through anything required little tutoring to be deadly.
“This is a powerful weapon,” the High Marshal awed, while Magen fought frenetically.
“Just keep my back covered...” Magen sensed the Es’stons were retreating towards the museum, yet they were still making a fair effort to claim the trinket Magen had in his care – Shucnascrad seemed to be complicating it all though. The Es’ston will had been broken by Magen’s little display too.
“If these are the swords...” the High Marshal began shouting over the din.
“They aren’t!”
“Who are you?!” the High Marshal was still in astonishment.
“Centurion Magen Agasan!”
“You! The one they call Swordmaster of Gahon! Damoclus’ Sword...”
“The very one!” Magen gritted his teeth. He held his swing, it was one of his own men. “Sorry!” he cried as the swordsman stumbled back in shock.
“Then it must be true...” The High Marshal seemed almost worshipful – which turned Magen’s stomach. He knew all right. That was why he was known and recognised by the High Marshal of Seatus.
Magen lowered his sword finally. The Es’stons had been driven back. He beckoned the High Marshal up the museum steps. He took position behind one of the pillars, and unclipped his mask taking a deep breath, but the air was fouled by battle. The High Marshal placed a hand on Magen’s chest, indicating he would speak.
“Hold your fire!” Magen ordered his men. The Es’stons continued to fire, but at least his men had plenty of cover.
“Your mission has failed!” The High Marshal boomed at the Es’stons. His voice carried over the sound of the zinging shots, “You have no option now but to retreat, or surrender!” he continued.
The Es’stons stopped firing then, and the soldiers slipped away from their firing positions at the windows. Everything went quiet except for the moans and shrieks of the wounded. Here the unit’s medics were already at work. Magen craned round and peered into the gloomy building. All he could see was the misty outline of some sarcophagus on a plinth, and distantly the bones of an extinct giant mammal.
“The enemy has left the building!” Yicle called out, somewhere over to Magen’s left. Magen gave him a wave, he was right. It was over.
The ground quivered then without warning. Magen sensed it, Solara’s direct fire weapons had sprung back to life. The cough of those rippling through the air, and the recoil racking their mounts and so the land. Looking up into the sky the meaning was instantly clear. The black, shellfish like fortress ships were rising once more over the line of the city walls. Swarms of locust-like drop-ships and other miscellaneous vessels followed them - crackling spectacularly as the cannon came to bear.
“Curse them!” the High Marshal swore, alarming Magen fairly, “I had hoped for a surrender,” he explained to the centurion, “Far fewer lives would be lost...” he added. The Terranchi Army had failed to pin them down too.
“Mmph, they must have something to gain from this retreat manoeuvre,” Magen could see the cost was heavy on the Es’stons, to thus expose themselves to fire. He didn’t point it out to the High Marshal, but the Es’ston commanders would see surrender as the annihilation of an entire force. From their point of view, this was by far the more preferable option.
The leader of Seatus made no comment on that supposition. He had realised that this would be how the battle concluded. Still his statement stood. If only they would admit defeat, the superiority of his forces, and stop being prideful and stubborn.
The Es’ston ships now rose higher and higher. It would help them elude many of the sub-atmospheric guns. On another day, they might have tried to run the gauntlet past the battlecruisers. They were heading on a north-westerly course, revealing the thrust of their next battle. They would attempt to join with the forces already in Terranch. Terranch that the High Marshal had made so vulnerable – but Solara had been saved! The accounts were balanced in his mind. Magen did not catch the significance of the fleet’s direction, he was still unaware of the landings in the country he had chosen to call home.
“Yicle!” Magen beckoned, “Can you grab a few men, and make sure those Es’stons aren’t going to come back and surprise us!”
“No problem!” Yicle gave a quick nod, and cantered off, tapping a few shoulders on his way. Shortly he vanished into the city museum with his impromptu entourage, possibly depriving a number of sergeants of their best men.
“Tend to the wounded!” Magen called over the comms, “Everyone!” he waved off a few soldiers that seemed idle, and uncertain that their adversary had really gone. He was confident that they would have enough fore-warning if the Es’stons regrouped or found there was no ship to take them away.
He unclasped his helmet, and dropped it carelessly on the ground. He propped himself briefly on the pillar beside. He felt terribly weak, like a man might feel after three days of a stomach upset. He uncorked his water bottle dribbling it over himself. He rubbed his face, feeling his eyes glazing. He staggered a pace, and then lowered himself on the top step leading down from the museum. He took a slug of the water, and heaved a great sigh. He sat erect wearily surveying the sight before him, he leaned the water bottle on his knee.
The marble was crazed with red streaks and pools, the mingling blood of Seatons and Es’stons. Mostly in this case, the Es’stons, whose fatally aphasic forms lay twisted about the veranda. It was like some kind of demonic alter, crafted by an ancient and brutal civilisation – Like the Terranchi had once done. Laid thick with human sacrifices to satisfy the Dark God of Blood and Flesh.
He gazed out over the junction that had become a battlefield. The Guards sifted through the heaps of bodies, some helping, or searching for their own, some scavenging, caring only for personal gain. No aid for the Es’ston warriors, only robbers. Long shadows were thrown from the fast tiring soldiers. The sun obscured by the buildings and walls. The light was fading from the world, and soon night would come.
Was it really all darkness? Had his sight, that other sight revealed the true nature of the Universe, darkness? Were the things he had called light, and good, merely delusions. The cruel taunts of evil blood lusting gods – or the random sporadic bursts of a completely aimless, chaotic universe, as Yicle suggested. All those things he thought of worth, such as Justice, goodness, kindness, love, peace, duty, honour, respect – all illusions? Human creations, just to make the darkness bearable. He groaned, aching, sick with this dread thought.
How could he believe that? How could anyone choose to believe that! He nearly wretched. That Yicle could so blithely accept that, and seem to think it was okay. If Magen believed that, he could not have made another move, having seen through reality, for the mockery of humanity it was. Yicle, was he brave, had he truly seen this world without light without order, without worth. The laughable transience of human thoughts, wisdom, life. Reason in itself, pointless as the atoms that made up the being that could contemplate it.
Why did Yicle accept that? Everything in his attitude suggested it was simply to achieve the intellectual superiority. To prove he had transcended the pathetic musings of lesser beings. He need argue nothing, for there was nothing to argue. He had seen through all the mysteries, the cobwebs of theism, to the dark reality, the world no-one else was man enough to accept. He had wrestled reason, and sent it up its own nostril, broken the barrier of human understanding and murdered thought. There was nothing to worship, nothing to follow, nothing to think. He was free, he was God. He could stand removed, and simply laugh, all the world but a stage – something to entertain him.
Perhaps that was a bit rough on Yicle, he was not at all so monstrous. He did indulge in human cares. He had no reason not to of course, and he was after all Magen’s best friend, possibly not the most trustworthy or reliable, but still... Maybe he simply did not truly fathom the emptiness.
Magen however had imagined that reality, and what it was like, there could be no man brave enough to wish to live in that universe. This was not merely an intellectual game, not a test to prove who could out argue the other, it was not about proving another man foolish – this was about life! And yet still, being convicted of this, his heart remained leaden, and hardened. He could see what? - Maybe twenty of his own people still walking – those other faces, those people whose names he knew, the men and women he had helped make soldiers. Lost.
“I should thank you for saving me...” The High Marshal said with a reverent voice, seeing he was disturbing Magen’s mourning. He lowered himself awkwardly and sat down beside him.
Magen waved a hand, “It’s not necessary, besides they wouldn’t have killed you...” At that juncture he noticed the guards timidly saluting the man beside him, or meekly edging around. Uneasily Magen was reminded that he was conversing with a Titan, the High Marshal of Seatus. He shrank slightly, realising he hadn’t spoken with the same reserve and gravity such a figure of importance demanded.
The High Marshal hung his head, sitting with his legs spaced wide -the constrictions of his armour- with his hands dangling from his knees. Magen creaked attempting to get up, but he was too stiff and exhausted to make a real effort. Maybe when he had recovered himself a bit more, he took another sup of water. They sat in silence for a time, the sun getting lower and lower, Magen’s eyes drooped closed briefly.
Everything always seemed worse when you were tired, but when you finally slept, the dreams came and sewed up the naked wounds of life so that again, one could be at peace – and see the goodness in the world or the promise of goodness to come. Cornflakes and coffee helped too...
“Why did you come to my aid?” the High Marshal asked, it seemed with some suspicion, “You came to me, fought through all those Es’stons, isolated yourself – and then – whatever it was that you did. I saw that their weapons could not hit you...” he recounted. It mystified him why Magen of the North-Ice Islanders, would come to his rescue.
Magen himself had to ponder this... Why had he strove to prevent the High Marshal’s capture? Well, from the tactical view point, and morale it was important. But those hadn’t been his thoughts at the time. It was far simpler – he was the High Marshal of Seatus...
“You are my leader...” Magen put frankly, surprising himself with how little consideration had gone into the action.
“Am I really?” The truth was the High Marshal assumed Magen must be working to some purpose for his mythic people. Lore had it that they were history makers, they would pull strings to direct the course of entire civilisations.
Magen had to contemplate this now. In reality, the High Marshal was not the ultimate authority he went to. He went to concepts, ideas, overarching justice, care... but even for those, he could only apply, he believed to Cru’athor, in whom these things were fundamentally exemplified. Mirrors of his character. Diplomacy was required here perhaps.
“You are the man who ultimately commands me...” Magen said artfully, implying nothing of his response to those commands, yet it being suggestive.
It seemed though, he had failed, the High Marshal had detected a clever arrangement, “Ah now, there’s the question – are your people really men, or something greater?” he voiced his thought. “Why have they sent you here?” his eyes pierced Magen. Did he view him as some kind of threat? A kind of power over him?
Here, Magen decided to be forthright, “Indeed they are, sir,” he said stiffly, “They are men, with all the usual faults, bigotry, pride, selfishness, and yes, even fear...” Fear especially. Fear that drove them to cast out the non-telepaths. The horror that their gene-pool was not ‘perfect’. The reminder that they were in the end, just men, “I have no special mission, no orders... they don’t direct my path. No, I am an outcast, more alien to them, than to a people I never knew before...”
It seemed to work, and set the High Marshal at his ease, in fact he seemed pleased with this answer, “So what is your ambition?”
“Ambition?” Magen glanced at the daunting figure, “Well... I guess I’m an outcast just trying to build a new life...” That sounded to Magen the lamest cover a North Ice Islander infiltrator could possibly have.
“Nothing more than that, nothing more grand – indeed ambitious?” the aged tyrant scrutinised, almost smiling.
“Yes... there is...” Magen admitted, “I would like this war to end... but that’s far beyond my powers.”
“Ah... as do I... what a beautiful day that would be?” the High Marshal seemed to go misty eyed as he conceptualised it. “I see a free Seatus, free from the oppression and suffering this war inflicts on it. Where parents can bring children into the world knowing they will have a good life. Where men can walk the streets without fear of air-raids. A world where people can make homes... and peace and knowledge will reign. We shall have parties, and banquets, everyone will have their fill and be satisfied – and then the stars...” he spread his hand across the sky, “By the powers above the work shall be ratified, and it shall be!” he slapped Magen on the back.
“Seatus...” Magen said softly, wondering what it meant. His vision was not just for this place, but perhaps the entire universe.
“Yes! It is a glimmer of what Seatus might become,” the High Marshal emphasised, “But it is up to men like us, men with conviction to bring it into being...”
Magen licked his lips. Could he say he was truly in accordance? There seemed to be something very specific about the High Marshal’s hope... He spotted Janessa, she was down there now, fighting, yes fighting for a man’s life. She pushed on the victim’s chest, trying to resuscitate. She wanted a free Seatus too, as did Damoclus, as did he... Yet they did not see it the same way.
Oh he wished to talk to her again. To share and listen, to grow with her. Could one really put relationships on ice? Freezing things generally killed them. It was worse though. They had to work, to work on not having that special connection... When did the fakery, acting end, and reality begin. Were they perhaps working to destroy that love? Or had it even ever really existed beyond the romance of that moment by the sea. Where they had met their true selves, thought they had understood each other. Magen locked his hands, if only they could have another chance to be free...
“Do you believe the end justifies the means?” The High Marshal asked in a bass sonorous voice, rupturing the silence. He had observed Magen’s reaction, and of course not being a telepath, had taken it more for devotion to the cause.
“No...” Magen said sullenly, “Do you?”
“No certainly not... but the means is sometimes justified nevertheless...”
This sounded almost like he was saying the same thing. Though of course he wasn’t, it could not be a matter that the means of achieving an end was never justified. True too that different ends warranted different means...
“Yes?” he replied noncommittally.
“Yes – you see those mountains blew up today...” the High Marshal began. Magen pointed an inquiring finger at him, he replied with a subtle nod, “That saved the lives of thousands of Terranchi. The Es’stons would have died either way – was that not better?” A thousand lives for the mere cost of a picturesque landscape – who would argue geography was more important than people?”
“No-one, I suppose,” Magen replied. It made a lot of sense really, what the High Marshal was saying. Though he didn’t like the idea of blowing up vast quantities of mountain-side, he could not say that a human life wasn’t worth it. “I guess I might have done the same...” he was less certain of this. He did not fathom the ramifications that had had for the Seaton fleet, and in fact Terranch itself.
“You see in my position, one must make such choices. We must play the juggling act with lives. When is one action justified and another not...” the High Marshal said reflectively, “You see, the fates of men lie in our hands – oh yes,” he added seeing Magen’s perplexity, “I believe there are powers at work in this universe, greater than us or the Es’stons – sometimes they will be for us, other times against us. We must struggle on to obtain our goals, that vision, of a free Seatus.” He clenched his fist to show some of that resolve, he seemed to demand of Magen. Presently a number of the Tower Guard marched up. “Ah – I’m afraid I must go. We should talk again...” The High Marshal excused himself, “I will send someone for you – when I have the time...”
Magen stood up with the High Marshal, his heart in his mouth. It seemed he had made some impression on him, but Magen felt unease, fear, uncertainty. Drawing the attention of this High Marshal, it seemed somehow dangerous...
“Thank you – Thank you sir,” he stuttered almost overwhelmed.
“We must discuss your swords,” he explained, “And we’ll see about a new assignment...” He shook Magen’s hand looking down on him with a certain satisfaction. He turned then walking away.
“Ah! Sir! Sir! My sword!” Magen called after.
“Oh, ah... the High Marshal seemed slightly embarrassed, “I was rather hoping I could keep it. A memento – if you will...”
“Er – right sir! You may have it!” Magen responded, trying to inject some cheerfulness into his voice. Such an important, or dangerous weapon should not be given away lightly. He wanted to kick himself, but you could not deny the High Marshal of Seatus, or at least not without a very very good reason.
The High Marshal mounted a bike that had been prepared for him. It thrummed as he lifted off. Magen gave a final salute, and then he and the Tower Guard flitted away in all their pomp and splendour.
A new assignment? What did that mean? And why did it seem he had just passed some kind of assessment? Magen had little doubt though that this new acquaintance would have a massive impact on his future. For now though, he had better get off his backside and help clear up the mess he had made.



Chapter 17: Lost in the Battle
 “Each new morn
New widows howl, new orphans cry; new sorrows
Strike heaven on the face”
 -Macbeth by William Shakespeare

A fortnight passed, like a long winter, tough, gruelling and full of darkness. Each day though had seemed to pass as an age, and each hour as a season. There was much work to be done. Solara was in ruin, and so were its people. It fell to the Guard, protectors of the Seaton race, to bear the burden of repairing these people, of clearing up the mess left by the siege.
It was the Guard who had painstakingly sifted through the rubble, a doughnut of death and anguish marked by the upright and surviving Cruahoreling, and encapsulated by the stumps of towers and lines of rubble, all that remained of Daing’n on the south side of the city. Bodies, living and dead had been plucked from the debris. The dead were now buried and gone. The others more in debate with life.
All that was left of those lost in the battle were the poor stones hastily hewn and hurriedly etched, half hidden in the earth. They lined in regiment -the legions of the Dead- in the graveyard newly made, beyond the first and obliterated wall of Solara. The ugly tar of their absence -in the minds of those who knew them, cared for them or hated them- a mark that would slowly pass and fade as the years rolled on. Their deeds would be forgotten, their valour or cowardice, it would not matter. And surely then too would that wound be healed, or perhaps reduced to simply the line, “Look at what the Es’stons did at the Siege of Solara, count the graves if you will.” -But don’t count those of the Es’stons...
The undertaking, was not the end of the Guards duties. They were not just soldiers and police officers, but the ultimate in versatile civil servants. They were bound to state service, either by oath or criminal offence. They took on the tasks of rationing food, building temporary homes, setting up tents and camps, enforcing law and order among a desolate people who now had nothing but their lives and families. Families, if they were fortunate, few had not lost someone dear to them. Even safe from the Es’ston fire sheltering in the under-city and catacombs there had been many deaths. Hunger, starvation, thirst, disease – even easily treated ones, and then murder. In a climate of killing who would question one more corpse among the thousands.
And here the last of the Guard’s duties was the hardest. Law had failed these people. It had failed to protect their belongings, livelihoods and dignity. All of their rights, had been trampled over, mashed into the ground as if nothing but a laughable illusion. Now, why respect any man’s rights, when no man respected your own? Not entirely true, right now even the Guard was working to restore what had been, the hand of the government. Such selfish and warped thinking only made the situation worse.
But that was only one of the many excuses men made up for their own inhuman behaviour. Often the real heart of the matter was that a man who had lost everything, including the illusion that he was in control, had power, and could forge his own fate. Now struggling with a feeling of impotence, sought to regain that in any way they could. And so engage in the tyranny of his neighbours, establishing his own little kingdom of subjugation. The Es’ston invasion had succeeded in tippling the delicate scaffold of carefully balanced human selfishness which led men to respect one another. Lawlessness reigned, or at least would have if not for the deeper inbuilt moral in man - and a little application of their own tyranny by the Guard, the tyranny of the law enforcers.
Magen’s century had partaken of many of these duties. His own squad was mostly recovered. Ogher and Elshan were back on duty after a few days of being laid up. Their armour, and toughness had saved them from serious injury and death. Admittedly Seaton medicine did make rather little of injuries that might otherwise be crippling or have a man laid up for months. With so few people, fast recovery times were vital to Seaton Defence. Only Ariot had not yet been returned to them, it was not a priority to ship recovered troops about – yet.
It had surprised them how full their hours had been. They had never really thought much other than that after their two battles, life would be comparably easy. It was not. In many respects though it was good for silencing the hauntings of the battle, once the horrors of the first few days had passed. Now they endured what was more like toil, mentally and physically exhausting, but no longer of the same nightmarish quality. It took them out of themselves and prevented them from settling on their disturbing memories.
Lieutenant Yanti was still in charge of the division, and either because she didn’t know any better, or was genuinely determined the unit would be put through its paces and draw every ounce of productivity and usefulness - she accepted many duties on their behalf. It seemed too, for now they had been drawn into the Solaran Guard. The Terranchi Generals were not in a rush to collect one lonely division, they had much more serious affairs on their platter. Magen and Dektri bore the responsibility then of ensuring all these tasks were accomplished. They carried it off with admirable good humour, though that was mostly competition. Magen was resolved not to show just how much he had been wounded and humiliated before Dektri. Dektri was equally determined to make a lasting impression on the Lieutenant and her commanders. He wanted to be Captain Dektri.
Despite all this drive and activity, the long weeks now seemed to be drawing to a close. The last two days had been comparably lax. They had been assigned to patrol duties, putting a presence of the law back on the streets, it was vital to discourage criminal activities. There had been a few tiffs, some snap resolutions of the law, that was all – nothing, compared to the madness they now faced. Rationing duty...
The crowd spanned out in a sprawling arc, swarming around the barriers behind which Tyr’uc and Curiba vended the necessities of life from the rear of a supply truck. The others -excepting Ogher, who had been banned from crowd control for indiscreet use of rifle butt, Slick for being useless, and Janessa and Saar’ha were elsewhere on medical duties- had managed mould a sort of triangle or sector of a circle from the crowd, in their efforts to order the situation. The morning had progressed in mayhem, and all those Guards involved became more inclined to think this was actually one of the worst possible duties.
“Oi! You, back in line!” Yicle threatened, amusing himself. There was no line, never had been and never would be. The morning’s efforts had proven that. “We’ll have no queue skipping!” Which actually could still happen, but only on the peripherals of the crowd. What went on in the centre of the sector was completely mysterious. The offender shoved himself back into the crowd with an ominous sulk.
The survivor camps had been set up in units of about a thousand to a neighbourhood. Each neighbourhood had been ringed with an impromptu fence other barrier as some measure against social disorder – also for ease administration. It was more useful to be able to say ‘Camp 2451 has no water’ than for example; ‘That group – er over there, yeah the one with no water, has no water...’.
All the camps had been located outside Loydre, so that reconstruction could begin relatively unimpeded. Housing would be erected first between Cruahoreling and Loydre. This was some indication of how confident people were that there wouldn’t be another Es’ston attempt on Solara before Daing’n had been rebuilt.
The tents and ‘cardboard’ houses were uniform, lined in precise rows establish by the Guard. Each row would have a tap for water at the end. Some of the main water system was intact, elsewhere temporary tubing lay looped and dragged across the ground. There were no showers, baths, and no hot water except that boiled over solar heaters or whatever other cooking devices the survivors had purloined – often nothing more than a traditional camp-fire. And so the previously rich and proud citizens of Solara now lived in unaccustomed squalor. Disturbingly, the city seemed to be quite close to being a socialist state at the moment. Credits, to all but the exceedingly rich, were virtually useless. Otherwise, apart from the ludicrously rich; poor, reasonably rich, young, old, artists and businessmen all endured the same equal standard of living – low.
Perhaps though it was more communist then. The military had it good, except for the endless toil. They could have showers, as much food as they desired and, though most were in tents within the military training grounds around the Tower of Dull Greyness (it was in the process of being re-clad), there were plenty housed well at a similar level to the barracks in Gahon, if not in some cases better. Then of course, this is an old story.
Magen was on crowd control – or crowd ‘occasional prodding’ as Yicle termed it. He’d put himself on it. It was either this, or quibble with people about the amount of rations they received. The jostling group of concerned citizens was quite docile right now. It had significantly reduced in size since the morning, and lunch time was fast creeping up.
The old woman was still begging off him though. She nudged his elbow and seeing him glance her way, however disinterested he had tried to look, she began rattling off the old yarn about her daughter’s children and so on... Simply put he didn’t believe a word of it, which would have been difficult anyway seeing that he didn’t understand half of what she was saying. She spoke Seaton Basic very well indeed.
It still perplexed Magen. She was registered, she was a citizen, and therefore must have at least a tent just like everyone else and also she was entitled to free rations. If she did have dependants, her sister’s – no it was her daughter’s children- then surely she only had to fill in the appropriate forms and it would be sorted. He shook his head indicating he had not relented. She started crying, it seemed pretty sincere – or convincing. She did seem rather pitiful – but then she was frail looking and old.
Still he couldn’t understand what it was that motivated her to beg. As part-time work, it couldn’t be that lucrative. The fact stood, something must be wrong to cause her to beg. Somehow either the system had failed in some way, some pit-hole of bureaucracy, or something else Magen could not fathom. People did not give up dignity easily, and this woman had clearly forsaken her dignity. He would give her the benefit of the doubt. Perhaps it was all some nefarious scheme, but he did not know that. Without much further thought, he stonily grabbed a package off Tyr’uc and stuffed it into her hands. She thanked him profusely and then scurried off.
Magen felt terribly embarrassed, no doubt many of the people in the queue (a type of polygonal geometric shape) felt quite cheated. He gazed into the horizon to avoid the scalding glares, he drifted off into listless reflection, brought on perhaps by his exhaustion. A break would be nice, some time to get his head round things. Unlikely though with the Terranchi army heading back in about a week’s time to engage in another campaign to restore order to their homeland. He’d lost almost all his century. A mere thirty four would could still go into battle (psychological issues aside), a further seven who would certainly be discharged from the army for their injuries, two who would recover and see duty again. It seemed the Swords of Gahon had been broken. Thirty-six was not a ‘fieldable’ unit.
The sky line Magen saw, was littered with cranes of a wide range and variety of design. There were greens, blues, reds and the occasional yellow. All fairly standard colours, except for the luminous orange one. Already new building were shooting up like mushrooms. Judging from the placards that adored the cranes and building sites, the Gerie builders were the most major contractor. No wonder too, their building went up almost twice as fast as any of the others. The new buildings Magen thought seemed fairly generic. It didn’t look like anyone was taking the opportunity to inject a bit of coordinated style into Solara. They could have improved the road layout too, though there wasn’t really the time to deliberate nor was it so vital for the modern outer city anyway. It was the surviving two sections that suffered from medieval design principles, or rather lack of design principles.
“Like a bunch of vultures the lot of them,” a bored Solaran muttered darkly to Magen, having noticed the direction of his gaze.
“Sorry?” Magen turned.
“Well you know they have the reconstruction contracts practically before an attack begins,” the middle aged and lonely looking man complained, “Just scavenging of us survivors and the government.”
“I suppose they did...”
“Oh it’s certain – wouldn’t be surprised either if they were passing a few of them general brown envelopes, just to make sure there was something needed rebuilt...” The man assured.
“Brown envelopes?” Magen puzzled over the phrase.
“Bribes, you know gems ‘n other valuables.”
“I did see the bombardment all right,” another bystander commented, joining in the welcome small talk, “Just looked like reckless military thinking to me though.”
“Well I guess someone’s likely to benefit from all this,” Magen sighed, “I wouldn’t have thought the Marshals that crooked though...” he added slightly defensively.
“Oi! Tyr’uc!” Ogher bellowed, “Didn’t that fella already get his rations?” he pointed out as he lay down another crate of the complete, one-size-fits-all emergency supplies.
“Ah yes Ogher, you are correct,” Tyr’uc said with heavy irony, “But this time he’s got a cap – and its red...” Indicating he too had noticed the abuser of rights.
“What?!” Spluttered the capped man, “Ridiculous! You have me confused with someone else,” he protested, “I have a brother, looks just like me...” Seeing Tyr’uc was still unimpressed, he went on, “Look I have my chip, just give me my rations...”
“Sorry, no-can-do,” Tyr’uc said resolutely. He did enjoy being judge and jury somewhat.
“Just check the chip,” he hammered the bench. Ogher strode up behind Tyr’uc, just to emphasise his presence.
“I just checked my eyes – why should I need to check a chip,” Tyr’uc said insolently. He heard plenty of people claiming they had twins or brothers or sisters whatever that looked just like them.
“The chip...” the insolent man began.
“Is an electronic device, which contrary to popular belief is easily forged with a mediocre level of technical expertise,” Tyr’uc finished, “It is far harder to fool my eyes.”
“Oh right! So if you guys just happen to get a little déjà-vu due to exhaustion, people are going to starve?!”
“Just get out of here and stop wasting time!” Ogher growled raising a fist, “There are other people - who are starving.”
The man gave a final sneering look, and then shoved his way back into the crowd now recognising he had been confounded.
“You know he’ll just go off and change his t-shirt now,” Tyr’uc said.
Ogher grunted, then stepped back up into the truck.
“I can’t believe they’re so dishonest!” Curiba remarked, “Do they think we’re idiots. Mind you, it is hard to keep track of what all they’re up to. I’m convinced most of them shouldn’t be here.”
Tyr’uc turned to her, “Probably. I mean let’s see, what is there...” he held out a hand indicating he was about to count and list, “We have people coming from other camps. People who have stolen tokens from someone else. People impersonating other people. Then there’s the organised criminals, hacking records and what have you. Probably appropriating vast quantities of supplies for resale at outrageous prices to people who have more money than sense – or people who haven’t got food, due to those same criminals,” He had too many fingers up for the amount of points, he lowered one, seeing the error, “It really makes me sick...”
“Well I wouldn’t take it so personally,” Curiba attempted some female empathising, but she wasn’t very good at it.
“You forgot one,” Slick’s reedy voice came from the container, “People who’ve already stolen other people’s coming for more...”
“Ah yes – I guess there’s that too,” Tyr’uc allowed graciously, “How much do we have left to go?”
Slick was ‘minding the boxes’. In other words Ogher was minding the boxes and Slick was ‘out of the way’. He wasn’t going to be much use for crowd control. He had admitted this fact himself. He was much too weedy to act as a bollard, like Magen, Elshan and Yicle were currently. More or less something for people to bump into. In Magen’s case also to converse with, though there weren’t many bollards that could do that.
Slick was looking particularly peculiar at the moment. Within a few days of their arrival, he’d dyed his hair blond – sort of. No-one was certain where the bleach had come from, but it had definitely not been evenly applied. It was reminiscent of the carapace of some exotic desert beetle – though he had tried hard to make it un-slick. He constantly wore a large pair of sunglasses now too, not so surprising now that they now resided in the city of the sun. Still decidedly odd.
“Not much left now!” he replied, “Less than what’s ‘ere to get some though,” he motioned towards the crowd.
“Oh!” the three on the crowd cascaded. Ogher gave Tyr’uc a wry doubtful look, dropping the heavy crate he was carrying on the bench. He clambered past Slick then to get another crate.
“Hey Magen!” Tyr’uc called, but Magen had already noticed the disproportion. He had surreptitiously draw his stun pistol and was on the ready.
The crowd were not as dumb as they looked either. They had noticed too. They grew more restless. Subtle triangle skipping had become more prevalent, and it was only through Elshan’s diplomacy that things didn’t fall apart there and then. It seemed clear they wouldn’t get down to the last package without violence though.
“This won’t work,” Yicle advised, joining Magen.
“Mmm... I’m thinking we’ve got two options.”
“Only two?”
“Well maybe three,” Magen confessed. Elshan was busy manhandling someone back in triangle. Magen beckoned him over, and took a few steps away from the disintegrating nondescript form, it had strayed somewhat from the definition of geometric.
“We’ve got a problem,” Elshan explained, wiping the sweat from his forehead. He wasn’t coping very well with the sweltering heat and ghastly dry winds.
“I was thinking what we might do... We might call for back-up.”
“Not sure that would be so effective,” Elshan mused, “Brute force can only achieve so much.”
“Then there are only two things we can do.” Strangely they weren’t the two Magen had initially thought of, “Dump all the supplies and leave them fight over them – or pack up and run...”
“If we want to avoid a riot...” Elshan said reluctantly.
“Too late,” Yicle noted as the crowd surged past and over the barricades. “We should have used razor-wire...” he reprimanded Magen.
“We’ll just hang around then and make sure to stop any fights...” he tapped his stun pistol. “Ogher! Forget it!” He waved the others over.
Ogher shoved a path through the mob, who were now being showered with the emergency ration packages. Some particularly active citizens had taken over the container and were indiscriminately distributing the contents of the crates. This at least decentralised the crushing and perhaps desperate or greedy people.
“Mental!” Tyr’uc exclaimed, “You’d think they were afraid there wouldn’t be another truck around in a few days!”
“Well they probably are...” Elshan said in sympathy with the concerned citizens, “There is no stability, no certainty in war – and they know it.”
“No excuse for complete disrespect of authority though,” Ogher said gruffly.
“Yes, yes, I would agree entirely. Civil disorder is not good,” Elshan was rueful.
“You know I could use the stone...” Curiba proposed.
“No!!” there was a chorus.
“Well they wouldn’t be behaving like this if they knew I was the Black Knight!” she declared.
“I think we’ve really seen enough of the Black Knight for now,” Magen said coolly.
“You’re not the Black Knight anyway,” Ogher said through gritted teeth, “It’s just a nickname...”
“Shows how much you know,” she huffed.
“They wouldn’t care a micro-credit anyway Curiba – they know you’re not going to start hacking them to bits,” Tyr’uc said, alluding to what seemed to be the Black Knight’s main talent. “Besides they’re not a part of your rather diminished fan club.” There was a note of jealousy in that remark.
“Enough of that,” Magen snapped. He couldn’t tolerate anyone talking so lightly of their losses. They’d only had one training session since the battle and what a dismal and depressing affair that was. He had noticed just how much more attention he could give everyone. “Just watch for any fights breaking out,” catching Tyr’uc’s sarcastic eye, “That is serious ones...”
The septet of Guards loitered around for a further half hour or so while the concerned citizens grovelled on the ground, and competed in a gentlemanly (or -womanly) fashion – Elshan was liable to appear at any fight that seemed too dirty. It was soon enough that the crowd dispersed as the rations were depleted and prizes claimed. There was little else for the empty handed to do but head over to the next camp and steal some of theirs.
“Well, glad that’s over!” Yicle cheered as the vacant truck rumbled away.
“Mmm... I hope we don’t end up with too much more of that stuff to do,” Ogher said, “Hopefully we’ll be headed back to Terranch soon enough.”
“I wonder has there been any updates on AstroCom,” Tyr’uc pondered. Due to network damage and bandwidth issues, only non-portable consoles were allowed access to AstroCom at that point.
“Dunno, things are pretty bad by the sounds of it...”
“We should head back to the apartment for lunch,” Curiba recommended, indicating the direction. She had skipped breakfast, they’d been up too early for eating she thought. They strolled off down what was once a side street trickling out from Slee’n Sola.
“We could be here for another few weeks. The army is still pulling itself back together and resupplying,” Yicle continued the conversation, “From what I’ve heard Solara is very happy for us to hang about for the clean-up, and our generals aren’t so keen to get into the thick of it again so soon...”
“And where did you hear all this inside information?” Ogher challenged.
“I was over at the main camp last night. One of the lads was telling me. Oh and he mentioned that all the non-active and reserve forces wouldn’t be getting any leave. Apparently they’re needed on patrol...”
“Sounds a bit stingy,” Tyr’uc complained. “I hope we count as having been in action...”
“If they get through my report in time,” Magen guessed.
“Hmm, and with them likely to see real action soon enough,” Elshan shook his head, “I would have given them leave.”
They were approaching Loydre now and the walls, pock marked and crumbling loomed high above them. It seemed fantastical that anyone would attempt to scale them. The Es’stons had, but that wasn’t how they had been defeated in the end.
“So will we, I’d say,” Tyr’uc mentioned dubiously. “See action again that is...”
“Magen, what is going to happen to our division?” Yicle quizzed.
“I don’t actually know. I’ve heard no word from command, or Lt. Yanti since I submitted my report.” The question had already been asked a million times. Magen himself had attempted to grill Yanti on too, but to no avail. The division was in limbo. In the end for the report, he’d written a relatively truthful account, omitting of course the stuff to do with the seekers. He’d appended it with Yicle and Ariot’s findings too, not that they had found much really. Mostly he’d done it in defiance of Dektri. He hadn’t promised a lot anyway.
“It’s ominous how quiet they’ve been, I would have thought they’d have sorted it out by now...” Ogher said.
“They have a lot to think on I guess,” Magen returned, “All the same, the division will probably be broken up. Our losses have been too heavy – never mind the whole thing about the spy. I suspect they won’t take it too seriously...”
“You didn’t outline the Gahon connection to them?” Ogher guessed.
“No, I thought I’d let them work it out – besides strictly I’m not really meant to know about that.”
Magen thought now of the last thing the High Marshal had said to him after the skirmish. The new assignment. He was dying with curiosity and apprehension. He was certain that his path at least, and he hoped the path of his squad, would not be the same as the rest of the division. As to whether they would fight in Terranch or not... He still had not been summoned, and might even have begun to doubt, but he knew, for whatever reason the High Marshal had an interest in him.
That much was clear. They had been supplied with a rather comfortable apartment within Anchrike. Generally this area was for diplomats, nobles and the Solaran Guard only. He hadn’t stopped at just Magen either, his entire century had been put up in the building, along with Mattias and Grammas’ centuries. This in many respects was far better than a mere medal. The negative side was that there was quite a walk between their duties and sleeping quarters.
“Well I’ll be happy as long as we’re going back soon – can’t stand this place,” Ogher decided, “It’s too hot,” he complained.
Yicle smiled to himself, “It is certainly a most curious sensation not to be rained on twenty-four seven!”
“Well fine then, maybe you’d prefer to stay here and abandon your country!” Ogher was appalled at this obvious lack of patriotism.
They sauntered up the giant’s corridor now. It was slightly eerie to walk along this broad causeway, what was and had been a brutal killing zone. They walked single file along the edge of the path in case a truck or other vehicle might suddenly appear speeding up or down the road.
“I think I’ll probably be better off following orders – besides I’m missing the brown muddy fields. They’re far more fun to fight on anyway, nothing like a good mud-bath to remind you of being a soldier,” Yicle said flippantly.
The chit-chat rambled on in its usual undulating almost musical meaninglessness. They made their way past the building site and flowering cranes, on towards the gate of Cruahoreling. The ground between was still mostly wasteland, littered with petty debris and various mutilated household goods not worth yet moving. It appeared like an illegal dumping ground, apart from the rising new structures, and off in the distance the mostly intact Dock-side where the high-risers still rose high. The prosperous Docks of Solara themselves had been washed away by the ripples of a pebble in the pond of the world, the Black Dragon’s landing.
This no doubt was what prompted Curiba’s thoughts when she asked; “Does anyone know what happened to the Black Dragon?”
Peering into the sea distant, she could not find the dark shape that had sat on the blue before the horizon for the past days. Solara lay on a sort of hill or rise, that rolled away down to sea level. This meant that standing on Slee’n Sola, from the inland direction, the building fell away down before you, revealing the sights of the sea – the ships coming and going – though not usually ships such as the Black Dragon. It also had come, and now mysteriously gone, propelled by forces unknown.
It must have been quite an effort, the friction between the eighty square kilometres of battlecruiser surface and sea would have been astronomic. Curiba was no major physicist or engineer, though she had studied for the past year theoretical physics (which mostly involved the ‘reasonably practically applicable’ fantasies of light, and myths surrounding interactions between extremely small particles, and extremely large ones) – she considered it quite a conundrum as to what one might do with a felled Battlecruiser.
“I think it must simply have been towed away in the night...” Elshan suggested, he was aware that its continued presence was considered by the government officials quite shaming, battlecruisers were meant to make the populous feel secure – one sitting on the planet surface had quite the opposite effect.
“That simple?”
“I imagine her Grav-generators and thrusters helped get her moving – I admit it would have needed a lot of tugs. It won’t have been easy, but possible nevertheless,” Elshan replied.
“Well I wonder where they’re bringing it...” she pondered.
“No idea...”
“I heard it was heading south,” Tyr’uc claimed this piece of intelligence.
“That’s a bit odd, I’m curious to know what they intend to do with it,” Magen reflected as they passed the threshold of Cruahoreling’s gates. Their view became obscured now by the ancient and eclectic buildings of the old section. “...Send it back up? How on earth could you do that?” he thought aloud.
“Well they might do that,” Elshan began dubiously, “A lot of work of course, and she’s pretty badly damaged, some severe structural deformation, likely as not,” he judged by his professional insight, “More likely she’ll be used for spare parts though. Her guns would make a lovely addition to any current model,” he finished almost dreamily. He had, as one might imagine, worked on the Black Dragons guns himself at one stage. “They say she’ll be scavenged for parts anyway...” He added, noticing the scepticism of both Tyr’uc, who probably didn’t know much more than that Battlecruisers were not often scrapped, and Ogher, who knew quite a lot more than he did.
“Well you could be right. I heard there was something or an altercation between her captain and the High Marshal. If she isn’t put back in service, it will be to shame her captain, and destroy his credibility. I suspect that isn’t enough, she’ll be repaired, they’ll section her and ship her back up - “Ogher rebutted boldly.
“We’ll see either way – all pure speculation,” Elshan confessed to Curiba.
“I wonder is there anything to do in an Ex-besieged Solara on an afternoon off,” Yicle spoke brightly, bored now of the Black Dragon musing.
Their afternoon off, was mostly Dektri’s doing. Magen felt too guilty and dutiful to push for it. People were still in need... Then Dektri only countered with something about not sleeping – which Magen had to confess he did waste the night, but it was necessary for useful operation. So too was free time. It was another one up for Dektri, moreover it made him much more popular with the men, and Magen less so. Of course Magen still had an ace up his sleeve. He had the High Marshal’s favour, if not the favour of Lt. Yanti and her commanders.
“I was going to go for a swim in the sea,” Curiba explained, “Anyone else interested? Janessa said it would be very warm...” she coaxed.
“I might come down and -er enjoy the sun...” Tyr’uc murmured, looking no man in the eye.
“I’ll be looking for somewhere we can maybe get a drink or two...” Elshan gave a look to Ogher and Slick.
“Hmm, I might come with you then...” Yicle volunteered, “Unless Magen you have a more interesting proposition...”
“Sight-seeing?”
“Yawn...” Yicle said, “Sounds boring, just a bunch of buildings...”
“I like history.”
“Also boring, terribly repetitive.”
Magen shrugged, “I want to have a look at this great temple thing too...” He was rather carefully putting Yicle off. An afternoon alone, after two weeks of hard graft and dealing with people, was just the remedy he needed.
“Religious and historical – even worse! So Slick, you up for the pub crawl!” Yicle seemed cheered at the prospect of inebriation, or rather ‘a bit of a laugh’ as Ogher had put it.
“Naah, naah – I’m okay. I’ll just stay at home,” Slick mumbled, “I don’t reckon you’ll find many pubs to crawl to anyway...”
“He’s got a point,” Elshan said despairingly.
Yicle rebuked, “Nahh it’ll be fun just to look – there’s bound to be someone vending drinks of a psychotropic nature somewhere!”
“Psycho-me-what?!” Slick guffawed.
Yicle waved a dismissive hand, “Be much more fun than staying at the apartment. - Pwah! Why would you want to stay at home!”
Something whizzed past him with a curious flicking noise – somewhat like a serrated disc cutting through air. It was indeed a disc cutting through air a shuriken. It ‘zinged’ against the building behind Slick, who had momentarily disappeared. The assumed target straightened again, he seemed to glaze over, Yicle guessed looking at the aggressor. The rest of the squad wheeled around to seek purchase on the invisible assailant.
There was a scuttling noise behind them. If they did see anything they were too quickly distracted to take it in. They turned back to the puff of dust that had replaced Slick. Slick himself was sprinting off down the street. There was a moment where no-one moved or did anything, stunned by the spontaneous events.
“What’s goi...” Tyr’uc began with mild annoyance at his confusion.
“After him!!!” Ogher bellowed drowning out Tyr’uc feeble voice. He realised that the would-be deserter was entirely likely to escape if they were not fast.
Curiba launched after him without further thought. She gained ground fast by virtue of her powerful and trained legs, lacking perhaps in length but well compensated for by the brute force of muscle and a healthy, efficient cardiovascular system. Her feet pummelled the ground ferociously, and soon the rest were left trailing behind.
Slick dove down a heavily populated side street. Moments later Curiba followed. Slick wove his way through the crowds of the market street as if coated in grease. It was Slick, and he was a natural street runner, easily evading the bystanders that attempted to catch him or block his path – few though those were. He was after all wearing Guard armour, and so most presumed the quarry Curiba was hollering to stop must be somewhere ahead.
She gave up shouting and instead saved her breath, the general public were useless. She powered forward, smashing through the people foolish enough to get in her way. Slick repeatedly dipped in and out of view. Even Curiba could not defy physics, the crowd were slowing her down. Disorientated, Curiba hurdled herself over the cart of oranges that had mysteriously appeared, tipping off the top few oranges, she continued on. It would shortly meet its doom by the bulk of Elshan, who thundered like an earthquake some bit behind.
Slick was gone, Curiba made a guess and sped down a narrow alleyway, she rammed her shoulder against a wall, failing to achieve enough grip to turn so sharply. She rebounded and ploughed on – then she saw the blond and brown tropical beetle head flash into view. She had chosen right, Slick’s city savvy had not beaten her! It struck her then that she was carrying a stun pistol, but with only a ten metre range she would need to close down on him a bit more... This armour was really slowing her down.
Slick seemed determined to lose any pursuers, he twisted and wheeled almost randomly, down and down the narrow and twisted alleys of Solara’s old section. Deeper into the heart and past of the city. This area had once been the cities slums, it had been repossessed by the middle classes as the city expanded. The buildings were no longer dingy and degrading, but made every attempt at being ‘quaint’. Prior to the siege Slick and Curiba might have had doorstep pot plants and hanging baskets (ludicrous though that might seem in a hot climate such as Solara – watering every five minutes not only would have been a pain, but terribly wasteful) to contend with.
Curses! She’d lost him. She ran on for a bit distracted, challenging any side alley or cul-de-sac to yield a pattering of footfalls. None did. Then there was an alarming twang, she wondered what it was for a moment. Something stung Curiba in the face, and abruptly she saw the azure, serene sky. She landed on the cobbles on her back. She clawed at the ground beside and held up an end of the washing line she hadn’t seen. She threw it back on the ground in disgust, it had caught on her sword.
She considered rather passively, just lying there on the ground for another few minutes. She wasn’t likely to catch him now, no rush, and the sky so clear and transfixing. There was no denying it, all the sweat, running, breathing, all in vain. She let out a breath, she had lost the artful dodger... Then she heard a snigger, instantly she whipped out her stun gun with a vicious curl of the lip.
“No! No! Don’t fire!” Slick’s voice whimpered, still with an odd chuckle mixed in. He hated neural pistols.
“Well, just don’t move,” she warned. She stood up then, the wire trailing off her. She wrestled with it trying to untangle herself. The final bit of difficulty came with unhooking it from the sword, the line lay caught between the hilt and her shoulders. “And stop laughing,” she glared at him as she ineffectually attempted to catch the line. Slick was still struggling to contain himself.
“Shh...” he held his stomach in effort to quench the laughter, “Come here quick – out of sight!” He knew they were by no means in the clear.
Curiba looked up and down the street for the would-be threat. Then, shaking her head, she joined Slick in the dark archway than shelter a path leading to the front of the houses they were no behind.
“Why’d you run Slick?” She asked, still holding her stun gun aimed at him – lest he should dash off again.
“Jarom.”
“Jarom then.”
“Did anyone follow you?” he asked rapidly, taking a nervous peek round the corner.
“I thought the rest of them were right behind me...” Curiba ventured, “...They may have got held up by an orange cart...”
“Fresh fruit? And most people are still on emergency rations...” Slick said scornfully. An orange would be nice right now. He was parched and breathless from the run. He reached for his water bottle – but it was gone. Maybe he’d forgotten it, or dropped it – Curiba handed him hers. Still jabbing with the stun gun though.
“Thanks,” he gasped.
“What made you run?” Curiba asked again.
“Mmm,” Slick turned around, “Could you pull that out...”
“A shuriken?” She removed the blade from where it was embedded in Slick’s undersuit. It had landed just at the back of the neck, where without a helmet it was quite exposed.
“Did it go through?”
“Only a little – why was someone trying to kill you?” Curiba thought about it for a moment, “And why would they use a shuriken to do it??”
“It might be poisoned,” Slick worried to himself, ignoring the interrogation.
“Right I’m going to call the others,” Curiba decided. Clearly whoever was ‘after’ Slick, couldn’t be that serious – or they would have used a gun.
“No- no, don’t do that, they might have our wristlets tapped...”
Curiba gave a scornful look. Clearly he hoped to escape from her, no doubt to leave Solara, and his pursuers. There would be no chance for him once she brought in the others. “In that case they will know exactly where you are already – who are they anyway?” She noted Slick’s uncooperative face, “Oh never-mind! - Magen have you got my position?” she commed.
“Yup, with you in a sec!” Magen replied with some huffing.
“You – you going to put that away?” Slick indicated the neural pistol.
“No.” Curiba said flatly. Slick dropped his shoulders his final attempt failed. “Where is this anyway?” she looked around.
Slick shrugged, “No idea, but I made sure not to make three left or right turns – well at least not in quick succession. I reckon we’re near the docks...”
“The docks!” Curiba checked her wristlet.
“PEEK ABOO!” Yicle shouted loudly into Slick’s ear, who started and pressed a hand to his chest.
“Yicle!” he screeched, much relieved, though somewhat annoyed. “Is that an orange?”
“Yeah, want one? I picked up a few on my way – a pity they had no cashew apples...”
“Mmmh,” Slick snatched the now exotic fruit eagerly and began peeling, “Cashew apples?”
“Yicle developed a taste for them on Trella...” Magen explained darkly as he and the others joined them.
“Jarom! - You’d better start explaining now!” Ogher thundered, he was red in the face from the run – which in its later stages had degenerated into a trot, then jog, then shuffling walk.
Slick seemed to ignore him. He nonchalantly sucked on his orange. He pulled out a segment and chewed on it thoughtfully. He spat out a few pips. Some day he might try and grow an orange tree – he wondered would it bear fruit if it were from a commercial orange.
“NOW!” Ogher grabbed his collar and rammed him against the wall.
“Oi! I just had a life threatening ‘sperience!” he complained bitterly. He had dropped the orange, but Yicle promptly picked it up and brushed it off. He set it delicately back in Slick’s hand.
“Yeah,” Ogher did the bulgy eye thing, “Well, it might be threatened again in a moment...”
“Here! Ogher put him down,” Magen said calmly, “We are after all trying to help him...” - Slick was quite sure he would prefer not to be helped in this case, if help meant preventing him leaving Solara.
“I dunno Magen he might try deserting again...”
Curiba held up the shuriken, “Think someone may just have been trying to kill him – or at least scare him a lot. Which really amounts to the same thing,” she mentioned.
Ogher let go reluctantly, fairly certain Slick would be off in a bat of the eye, “Um, sorry Sl-“
“Jarom!” Slick interjected.
“You’d better tell us what’s going on,” Elshan advised softly.
“Nothing you can do about it,” he replied firmly. Why should he have to explain anything to them, there really was little they could do. He inspected his orange for edible bits, Solara seemed a gritty city.
“You couldn’t possibly know that!” Tyr’uc riled. Slick acting all superior? Just ‘cause it involved some deep dark underworld stuff. “Why to say that you’d have to at least have to know all that we know – and you’d have to be more resourceful and intelligent that all of us together! Frankly I think you’re being overly dramatic and foolishly despairing!”
“You really don’t know what it is you’re dealing with...” Slick sneered. There was not much to be done against the will of a Crime Lord, short of assassination.
Magen thought it was amusing that Tyr’uc should make this argument, but he chose not to point that out and rather keep it for his own personal entertainment; “Just tell us Jarom, and then at least we’d know what to look out for...” he inveigled, “I think we should probably know – it affects us too.” Now that sounded like something that Janessa might say. He knew he would have instantly shut up if someone had said that to him, but Slick was not him.
Slick rolled his eyes, “Right! Well if I tell you will ya leave me alone about it?”
“Only if we really can’t help – you were in Solara before, what happened?” Magen provided the helpful essay title.
“Okay... All youse know I was into petty thievery... when I was younger...”
“You mean before you ‘joined’ the Guard,” Tyr’uc corrected. Elshan clapped him on the back of the head. “What?!”
“Well...” Slick continued giving Tyr’uc the evil eye, “I’d heard Solara was offering rich pickings – something to do with everyone having their noses in the air all the time. Makes it easy to nick a credit cube or two. This was back in the days before they built the base in Gahon, on account of the raiders killing traffic to the docks... Things were bad, and no-one had much cash to flash around. I was feeling adventurous too – idiot that I was. So I stowed away on a ship bound for Solara. Horrible!” he shuddered, “I was stuck in a smelly dark hold for over a week!”
“Right okay, so you got to Solara,” Magen prompted a speed boost on the narration.
“Okay, Solara then – I found the rumours of streets paved with gold a bit of an exaggeration. And yeah, so there were plenty of loose credit cubes, but the place was swarming with the Guard. You had to keep moving – here people report crimes. Back home they either lynch you or ignore you. But that was okay with me, so I made a bit of a name for myself, cos the Guard couldn’t get a handle on me.”
“Slick?”
“Shh – yeah. Anyways, things was going quite well – dandy like. I had a good trade in nicked cubes going, even got a wristlet or two. Managed to pull off a number of very successful break-ins too, Solarans take pride in their homes, if not clothing... Anyone ever heard of organised crime?” Slick asked.
“Yeah of course,” was the variety of reply.
“Well, I hadn’t, leastways I never worried about it,” Slick said miserably, “ In Gahon, it were nothing serious, you went on to some guys patch, you just paid the appropriate fee... Solara’s different, turns out you’re supposed to be organised. I’d never worried about it before, I could operate alone. I didn’t need bribed guards and corrupt judges like, I never got caught. I didn’t really want to be part of it, I preferred being disorganised - which I guess was why I was so successful, I was outside the system. Turns out some guys didn’t like that idea-“
Slick was cut off by a moaning, keening, plangent sound. The almost inhuman cry chased up the narrow, confining, historic cobbled lanes. The noise descended on them like a wraith of death, it froze their speeches and quaked them to the marrow of their bones. Magen unsheathed his sword deftly, feeling some evil was afoot, some violent and deadly force. He turned in the direction the sound seemed to come from, but then it seemed to come from every direction, he tensed on guard.
“What is it?” Curiba unstuck her tongue, whispering in disquiet.
“It sounds almost like a banshee or some-such. So unearthly,” Elshan shuddered knowing full well that it was certainly human in origin. “Someone must be in great pain...”
“We’d better find out,” Magen said with a slight misgiving, the sound seemed familiar. He had it in his mind that there were forces about, with un-numbered and faceless servants. “Come, follow me...” he waved a hand, deciding on the direction it came from most intensely.
The screech died away at that instant, causing Magen to stall. The trail was cold, then promptly the cry raised again – it sounded like there were a series of pains. Magen hoped that it was not the lure of a being from another world – he hesitated to use the word supernatural. They moved off.
They wandered the lanes for a while, chasing the ghostly puzzling noise. They were confounded by the sound rebounding off the walls and echoing misleadingly. It seemed at times as if the buildings themselves groaned. It oppressed and grated on their nerves, they felt at times surely that it most die forever, and even perhaps hoped that it would – but always it came back again. Eventually though, they arrived at a dank dead end, where the surrounding houses kept their rubbish bins while they awaited collection.
It was heavily shaded, and astonishingly cool. An ideal place to store rubbish, preventing it from stinking too much in the small back streets that might otherwise have trapped the foul odours. The render on the walls around was crumbling, once white, it was now speckled with black mould spots. This place was certainly refuge from the beating sun, though undesirably filthy, certainly a breeding ground for rats and other plagues.
Magen now, was transfixed by the vision presented to him in the dimness. He’d seen it before. There was a woman, she was laid out on a bed of rubbish, some attempt at comfort or perhaps just the overflow from the bins the residents had never bother to clean up. She wrestled about it utter agony. Sporadically she screamed, her eyes bloodshot would flash open and her back arch. The eyes glazed and disconnected, she could not be aware of her surroundings. Her voice, seemed more human now that they were near, but worryingly, they were less frequent and quieter. She was fighting, but losing.
And there beside, was a young girl crying, she was hardly distinguishable, so scruffy, unkempt, and her clothes. She too, Magen had recognised. Everything was almost exactly as he had seen in his dream – that terrible dream where an evil being had offered him the world, explained how he could fix it. Could he? Had he chosen to allow this suffering, by not retrieving the stone? Was this not the will of Cru’athor then – if it were wrong to use the stone? He quaked at the thought.
...This was not Kellsat though as it had been in the vision, or dream. Why had it shown him the future, but lied about the location - drama? Were all the visions true? Or at least in so far as this one was. Was it his inaction that allowed it? He knew he didn’t have to finesse to repair the human body with his mind, with the stone, or much training maybe. Magen’s mind reeled with all the implications – what now to do?
He gritted his teeth, he had hands, a mind, and a comm – he would do what any decent human would do. He rushed to the side of the woman. He knelt, removing his gauntlets and holding his hands uncertainly. He saw her face – she was Es’ston. What was wrong with her? He had no idea. Janessa on the other hand.
“Tania?” he heard Slick gasp.
“You know her?” Magen wheeled round in astonishment.
“I... I met her when I was sniping that shadow fingy...”
“Talk to her then, help calm her down,” Magen ordered.
“I... I...” Slick held his hands up to show his ineptitude in these matters.
It didn’t matter, Elshan was already on it. The giant walked over, stepping carefully and non-threateningly through the intervening litter. He crouched down, pressing his finger to his lips.
“Shh, shh, don’t worry,” he comforted, “It’s okay, we’re here now...”
“Not okay!” Tania screamed, “She’s dying! I know! I know it!” tears streamed, swelling in torrential globules, “Not stupid...” she added more quietly.
“There, there,” Elshan enveloped her in his large, reassuring, muscular arms, and scooped her up. “We’ll see what we can do,” he patted her on the back as she blubbered into his shoulder, burying her face.
“Janessa?!” Magen commed.
“I’ll comm for a med team,” Yicle offered in a whisper.
“Yeah, sure,” Magen replied doubtful that they would arrive in time, if at all, for an Es’ston. The child was right, he didn’t doubt, her mother was dying. Surely they could save this life.
“Yes Magen? I am busy,” Janessa was on his display now. Her hair was frizzled and out of order. She looked like she had just wrestled and orang-utan. Even now, two weeks after the battle there was still more than enough nursing and surgery to be done. Men and women who had previously only been patched up to prevent their deaths now packed the schedule with various complex operations to restore them as much as possible. The hospitals were short-handed even with all the Guard’s doctors and medical personnel.
“I know, but there’s a woman her – I think she’s dying,” Magen justified his intrusion, “I want to help but I don’t know what’s wrong.”
“Give me a visual...”
“Right,” Magen flicked out the tiny rotating camera, “Can you see?”
“Yes, it’s very dim though... We should start with relieving some of her symptoms. You better begin by giving her a pain killer...” Janessa seemed reserved, perhaps she had noted the race of the patient – but she had treated Es’stons before, though not as a priority.
Magen fumbled about in the pouch that contained his medical supplies. It was unexpectedly depleted, he’d forgotten to replenish it. Curiba promptly reached for hers and passed it to Magen. He loaded the appropriate cartridge into the syringe and injected the painkiller. He noticed the woman’s skin was burning hot to the touch. He watched for a moment, she seemed to be calming down – or was she just slipping away?
“Right, what now?” Magen asked.
“We’ll attempt to diagnose her – isn’t there a med team on the way?” Janessa was unhappy doctoring by proxy.
“No,” Yicle said sadly, “They said she’s not a Seaton citizen, so they aren’t obliged to service her.”
“What! You didn’t tell them she was Es’ston surly?!” Magen snapped exasperatedly.
“No, but they kind of knew when I couldn’t give them a wristlet ID...” Yicle replied.
“Right then,” Janessa said decidedly, “I’m coming, Magen keep on with dealing with her symptoms. If she’s hot-“
“She’s absolutely boiling-“
“Yes well, try and cool her down – if she gets cold, keep her warm. Make sure to check her breathing regularly, and her pulse, she looks very far gone...” Janessa switched to audio only. Magen heard the clattering noise of Janessa gathering up the equipment that she might need.
“I think she might be delirious – is there anything I can do about that?” Magen went on as Curiba soaked the bandanna she had been wearing about her head in water. She passed him the cloth to cool the woman’s forehead.
“Not much. She could be dehydrated... try and get her to drink, mix in some of those salts...” Janessa advised hurriedly.
Magen continued to mop her, while Tyr’uc now propped her slightly, trying to get some water into her. Her head lolled and she didn’t resist. “Careful not to choke her,” Magen cautioned. She wasn’t swallowing.
“I am being careful,” Tyr’uc scowled.
“She’s very pale...” Magen remarked.
“Anaemia...” Janessa responded.
“A simple as an iron deficiency?”
“No, it’ll be brought on by something else...” Janessa hummed, “Maybe malaria.”
“I thought there was a vaccine... she wouldn’t be part of that program would she,” Magen reflected. “Her pulse is weak, very weak... and her breath so quiet,” he worried. Then he felt the woman shudder, and convulse briefly, he looked down. Her chest did not move, she had stopped breathing. “Ogher, help me!” he grabbed the woman’s arms and feverishly pulled her off the bed of rubbish, kicking away the litter he cleared an area of the hard cobbles. Tyr’uc leapt back and Ogher rose up past him, he lifted up her legs to ease the transition.
“What? What?!” Janessa demanded panicky.
“I’m going to try and resuscitate her – hurry up Janessa! And if you possibly can get that med team!” Magen indicated Ogher to take position for the chest compressions, and they began the now well practised CPR procedure. How oppressed he did feel now, he felt this life slipping away, and him being powerless to prevent it. Powerless, was that true... Tentatively he just hoped she would start breathing again – but she did not...
...Nor did she once Janessa accompanied by a med team arrived. They attempted all manner of things to restart the Es’ston woman’s heart, electrical shock, drugs, massage – but all that failed too. The doctor presiding eventually declared that she was dead. He commended Ogher and Magen on the efforts at resuscitation. After a moments more investigation he informed them that she had likely been suffering from malaria, as Janessa had guessed. It was a preventable and curable disease, but often fatal if not caught early. Only blood tests would confirm it of course.
At this time, while the doctor was giving the grim details of the post mortem, Tania stopped crying. She looked on stonily. It was really over, she was gone, and she wasn’t coming back. All this while she had hoped, only the hope, and her desperation had torn her. Now she must face reality – her thoughts ran somewhat along these lines, though she was barely conscious of her own reaction. Elshan set her down, but she did not approach the body.
“Where might one find your father?” The doctor inquired of the child.
She shook her head dumbly, “Dunno,” she answered.
“No... Do you have any relations – or friends?” he pursued, knowing that either of these were unlikely for a stranded Es’ston.
She shook her head again.
Obviously this was all a bit tricky, any Es’ston loose would not wish to end up caught and in a POW camp. The doctor pondered this conundrum. Perhaps if she was just left here, her fellows would find her and look after her in their own manner. He couldn’t just leave her on her own though, and there was the ‘procedure’.
“You’ll have to come with me,” he decided finally.
“No! I’m not gonna be put in a camp!” she locked on to Elshan’s leg tightly.
“No, no,” Elshan laid a hand on her shoulder, “We’re not going to let you be put in a camp...”
The doctor looked awkward again, he decided to change tack.
“I can have your mother’s body sent back to Es’stus – to be buried there, and given a proper warrior’s funeral...” he lifted up the dog tags, showing that at least the Es’stons would be able to identify her.
“Is that okay Tania?” Magen asked.
She nodded silently, frowning. She hoped that was what her mum had wanted, it was difficult to say. She had so often spoke bitterly of Es’stus – but at the same time she had loved it... She creased her brow trying to work it out. Did it matter now, she would never know. She stiffened, bold and resolute. She wanted to be strong. Her mother had always told her to be strong, that made sense. There was no need to cry.
“Magen! What are we going to do with her?” Ogher whispered hoarsely.
“We can look after her…” Elshan rumbled in reply before Magen could say a word, “At least until we can sort out her options... Maybe she could be sent to Es’stus, she can’t be a prisoner of war, she’s not a soldier,” he reasoned.
“I think we should help,” Janessa said looking concernedly at Magen – who was clearly in the throes of decision making.
“Don’t be ridiculous, we’re soldiers!” Ogher exploded, “We can’t be looking after children at the same time! Magen?”
“I’m not sure...” the squad leader began finally. In the normal course of things Tania would have to go to a camp, there were probably thousands ending up there – and it wasn’t so bad... Ogher was right, they were soldiers, how could they look after a child, even for a short time, they had duties...
“Come on Magen! You can’t save the world! It won’t do any good either!” Ogher protested seeing Magen’s delay, and noting the emotional advantage the opposition had.
“But this isn’t about saving the world!” Magen flared up. No! He had failed to save this woman’s life, he had rejected a power he considered in some way too great to be good, and offered by evil beings.
He could not be the saviour of the world, but this was about Tania, only one person, whom he really could do something for. He was not going to be fenced into inaction by the evil being, but equally he was not going to grasp for the Dragon Stone, or use his own power for what amounted to conquest of the world. He would leave divinity strictly in the hands of Cru’athor, if He existed He even more had the power to prevent this death and suffering – and he had already in much frustration, considered that.
“No? You’re certain about that? Do you know what you’re getting into Magen? – I think we’re better not to interfere...” Ogher warned.
“I’m not going to a camp!” Tania took leave of Elshan’s leg to kick Ogher’s.
“No, you’re not, not yet anyway,” Magen decided.
“Look it’s not as if I’m being uncharitable or anything – just we can’t have her running around – who’s going to look after her?” Ogher continued to wheedle.
“We’ll sort it out somehow,” Curiba affirmed, deciding she really quite liked Tania. She often felt like giving him a kick-onna-leg herself, especially when he was being stodgy.
“You’ll definitely be able to deal with her appropriately?” Magen said quietly to the doctor, indicating the body.
“Yes, and you’re sure you can look after the girl for a bit?” The doctor eyed him curiously.
“Certainly, at the very least we’re off duty this afternoon – I’ll discuss this with my senior officer as well and see what can be done. I hope we can work something out.”
The doctor nodded, “In that case, I’ll leave you...” he shook Magen’s hand, giving the squad a look with a certain amount of admiration. “It’s a good thing you’re doing, I hope you find a home for her.”
The med team loaded Tania’s mother onto a hover stretcher and then diminished down an alley towards the main roads where their ambulance awaited.
“We’d better get you home now then,” Elshan hoisted Tania up again.
“I wonder what you’ve got us into...” Yicle whispered uncertainly to Magen.
“She’s not a soldier, she doesn’t deserve to be locked away in a prison camp – still...” he added as Elshan strode ahead, “I have to wonder what Elshan’s got us in for...”
Yicle smirked, while Magen lapsed into silent reflection. He pondered just how much he could do with his power to manipulate matter, and if he wanted to do it. Surely Cru’athor had given it to him for a reason?
At the apartment they had a quick lunch. They were much surprised that Tania ate, she seemed to be fast emerging from grievance or at least determined to carry on. Part of it could have been mere practicality, Tania had never before had such good and plentiful food. Janessa was worried that she was bottling it all up, and tried a number of times to get her to ‘let it all out’. She was confounded in this however by Curiba, who seemed to think Tania a very sensible girl.
After the meal they sent – or allowed Elshan and Tania to leave. He was quite taken with her. He’d never got a chance to be a father before, he’d never married, neither having met someone, nor feeling it advisable to raise children in the middle of a war. He showed her how to use AstroCom, and shortly she was preoccupied playing some primitive, but gripping puzzle games. Elshan felt that cartoons were perhaps inappropriate at this stage. Mentally engaging tasks would be better for getting her mind off things.
Magen closed the kitchen-diner room door delicately.
“So?” he closed his hands one over the other, waiting for the deluge.
“We should get her some new clothes...” Janessa offered, “It makes sense to be pragmatic about this...”
“Pragmatic – yeah,” Tyr’uc raised his brow dubiously.
“Well technically she’s an illegal immigrant...” Yicle mentioned, “Maybe Slick you could rustle up a citizenship for her...”
“Be expensive,” Slick suggested, “But I guess...”
“No I don’t want to do anything illegal,” Magen said.
“In that case we should just send her to a camp...” Yicle outlined seriously.
“Okay, okay – so we have to be slightly illegal to help,” Magen admitted unhappily, “What are the other alternatives? Orphanages or anything like that?”
“As an Es’ston, I don’t think she’s entitled – legally that is – to any of the state’s services...” Yicle replied.
“Maybe we could get her back to Es’stus somehow?” Janessa suggested.
Yicle shook his head, “That would be worse for her – no connections, she’d be as homeless and lost as she is now, except we won’t be on Es’stus...”
“It would be near impossible anyway, or very dangerous,” Tyr’uc added, “I suppose we could smuggle her on board one of the coffin transports, though I’m not even sure those aren’t just robot-piloted.”
“Too risky, and it won’t achieve anything,” Magen decided, “There seem to be few options other than the camp...”
“I said this was a bad idea, you’ve probably got her hopes up needlessly,” Ogher grumbled.
“Oh just shut-up if you’re not going to be helpful,” Curiba reprimanded.
“I think then that it’s up to us to look after her, somehow,” Janessa said thoughtfully, “The state might grant us custody – You’re supposed to be meeting the High Marshal sometime Magen?” she tapped her lips.
“Custody?!” Ogher spluttered.
“I don’t think it would be appropriate to bring this up...” Magen said.
“No,” Ogher said sullenly, once again reining himself in. Shouting like a mad man rarely achieved much in a case like this – it was fine in battles of course!
“I’ll talk with Damoclus -he’s bound to have something useful to say...” Magen concluded, “Until then there’s not much else to do except feed and clothe her. “– Oh! I’ll have to see if I can get leave for one of us...”
Curiba stirred, “I could have my grandma die again!” she volunteered.
“Well, we’ll see...” Magen said indefinitely, “Hmm, I’m thinking. Maybe Janessa, we could leave her with your mother during the day.” Janessa’s mother, was one of those stalwart Solarans – she didn’t believe any other place existed, so of course she lived in Solara. Janessa had visited her once, briefly since their arrival. They were not really on the best of terms, Janessa had ‘abandoned’ her gone off the ‘some’ foreign country and joined the army – on Janessa’s part she felt her mother had let her down, which was somehow related to her father’s death in battle.
She squirmed awkwardly, “I’m not really sure she would be so happy about that idea...” Translation – Janessa did not want to ask her mother for anything.
“Hmm, well if we end up with no other option...”
“I might give it a shot,” Janessa answered firmly hoping that it would not come to that, she bit her lip uneasily. “We should get her some toys...” She suggested changing the subject.
Magen could see she was planning a shopping trip, “Yes, okay, but don’t get anything too extravagant. We shouldn’t spoil her – especially if she’s got some serious hardship to face,” he replied, “You’re going to see about some shopping then?”
“Yes – I know, there aren’t too many shops. No fear of undue extravagance anyway,” she smiled, though quite offended that Magen would think that she might spoil the child. Did he think she was too soft? She rankled, shifting in her chair.
“Could be tricky – I’ll come with you,” Yicle offered with a grin.
“Oh! Toys!” Curiba ran out with that exclamation.
“Sorted then?” Magen asked.
They nodded, feeling a bit like Magen had just briefed them.
“Okay Yicle – and you can carry the bags,” Janessa gave a fiendish smile. She went over to the cupboard and hauled out the shopping bags, made of a durable plastic. She tossed them over to the reposing Yicle. Magen, Yicle and Janessa left the room then.
Curiba stood in the corner of the common room, sulking, “She doesn’t want my teddy,” she moaned to Magen, his being the closest ear.
“No?” Magen turned to her, Yicle and Janessa brushed past waving a temporary goodbye to Tania. By now they had all been introduced to the Es’ston orphan.
“She said he was pointless,” she sniffed, “-But she did appreciate the offer...”
“Well there’s always that,” Magen comforted with a hint of sarcasm. “I... I didn’t know you had a teddy?” he puzzled then realising the incongruity.
Curiba blushed, making two ‘less-than-warrior-like’ errors in a row. She turned and sought refuge in her room, ashamed of her burning face.
“Ariot! You’re here?” Janessa cried as she opened the door to leave. The gangly Derell stood in the doorway, he hand in the air about to knock.
“Ariot?” Magen said. Similar exclamations emanated from the kitchen. Elshan rose from the couch.
“Hello everyone!” Ariot said cheerily, making his way in. He set down his bags behind the couch. Elshan seized him and gave him an ear crushed hug.
“Glad to see you!” he ruffled Ariot’s stubby hair.
Ogher emerged from the kitchen too to give Ariot a good manly hug with much clapping on the back and fuss.
“But how come you’re here?” Janessa quizzed.
“It was a bit tricky,” Ariot smiled expansively, clearly delighted to be re-united with his brothers, “- But Damoclus was desperate to get here, seemed to think he had important business to attend to. So he commandeered himself a vessel, fought fiercely through the swathes of nurses trying to keep him at bay – and he invited a few of us along...”
“I’ve no doubt in his condition he probably shouldn’t even consider moving for another week or so!” Janessa huffed on behalf of the nurses over whom Damoclus had so victoriously triumphed.
“He did keep remarking on the miracles of modern science,” Ariot admitted. He took an inquisitive glance over at Tania, whose presence he had not taken so much account of until now.
“I’d love to stay and chat Ariot,” Yicle declared, “But the afternoon is slipping away, and we do have some minor errands to run,” he winked and with that swept Janessa out the door with himself.
“So Damoclus is here in Solara!” Magen blurted out.
“Of course.”
“Do you know where I could find him?”
“Probably at his offices in the Tower of Light...” Ariot replied, feeling a bit slighted.
“Thanks... right, Ariot would you like something to eat?” Magen remembered himself.
“No, I’m fine, just eaten – but I won’t say no to a cup of tea...” Ariot moved to take one of the seats.
“Oh!” Elshan cried, “Ariot, this is Tania...” He noticed the awkwardness.
“Hello Tania,” he shook her hand a bit bemuse. He sat down.
“Hello,” she gave a slight smile, Ariot was kind of embarrassed, clumsy and funny.
“Blockmaze,” Ariot indicated the game on the screen, searching for some way of furthering the acquaintance, “Have you figured out level seventeen yet?”
“No,” she said ruefully, “I think it’s broken.”
Ariot smiled wryly, “Yeah, it is...”
“- Oh by the way!” Magen called. He had just had a stroke of brilliance, “You’ll be looking after Tania for a while.”
“Er... right.” Ariot wanted to talk in private with Magen right now.
There was a knock on the door...
“That’ll be Saar’ha,” Ogher guessed as Magen rushed for the door from the kitchen where he had moved to prepare tea.
Magen opened the door, he was greeted with a salute, and a squat pompous looking lieutenant attached to the Tower Guard. It was not Saar’ha, it was his future.
“The High Marshal of Seatus summons you to his presence immediately!” the clean shaven lieutenant announced.
“Oh, right then,” he looked around for anything he might need, no. He decided to leave his sword behind, they’d probably want to confiscate it. Did he need to put on his dress uniform – no that was only for receiving medals and going to balls... The man seemed eager to be off, better not keep the High Marshal waiting. “I’m ready lieutenant, lead the way,” he waved as he left.
“...Don’t worry Ariot, I’ll get your tea,” Ogher lifted his bulk off the creaking seat.

Chapter 18: Child’s Play
 “Good sir, why do you start, and seem to fear
Things that do sound so fair?”
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

Five men marched with determination and purpose along the bright and wide marbled corridor of the High Marshal’s personal quarter of the Tower of Light. Pillars flitted past, barring a cloister, light spilled through from the atrium adjoining, bleaching and wrapping round the edges, flashing in the soldiers’ eyes. There were few windows in the tower, though great efforts had been taken to create as natural lighting as possible. The atrium was in fact not, but nevertheless achieved the desired effect.
This was nothing less than a grand, elaborate and luxurious mansion. Servants stood at every corner, ready, and almost seeming to be part of the décor, like the pot plants, which were also exotic and dotted along the corridors. And those corridors, they were better described as causeways, there was space, and if you bumped into someone, it was deliberate. A fine contrast to the cramped quarters the guards kept. Tapestries, murals, mosaics, paintings and sculpture also sought and competed to enhance the beauty of the place. And it had to be admitted, even by the most cynical, that it was indeed beautiful, rapturously so. Magen scarcely noticed, he could not take it in, his mind struggling still to grasp what was happening.
Magen was in the centre of the arrangement of five, and rather less determined than the guards that led him. Still he had unconsciously decided to behave as all the others, with that air of reverence and respect. The stride was part of that. The shoulders of the Tower Guards bobbed up and down before him, and their capes whipped out behind them with a certain flair. Magen began to feel he should have taken the time to put on his dress uniform. Or even his armour.
This was insane, unimaginable. He was going to meet the High Marshal of Seatus, and he knew already that this was not merely about giving him a medal. The High Marshal had taken a personal interest. This recollection caused a certain swelling of Magen’s ego, and that dazed dreamy state where he was no longer certain of reality.
Could it be happening, here he was. Even the Lieutenant that had summoned him did not have security clearance to enter this area – and Magen was, rather had been classed security red. He felt a great anticipation welling in him – this would surely change everything. What plans could the High Marshal have for a lowly centurion? Then, he was not simply that, was he?
He found himself once again ruing his heritage. Surely someone so high up and important had not fallen into worship of his race? No... He had seen them more as a threat in their talks. It was an unimportant detail Magen told himself. What had brought him to this place, fate – rather possibly Cru’athor?
He was led up a broad set of steps then. It was not so much another floor, rather a raised area within the floor. The roof stretched up high and into a uniform light, looking up seemed to be as looking into the Light of the Heavens. Before him, was a limpid still clear pool, bordered by marble seats. There were also some areas of planting around, raised beds of white flowers and lush green. A few large palms provided shade from the inoffensive white light. The air was light and cool, verging on chill, but in Solara, that too was only available to the gods.
Magen could hardly fail to notice that this area was populated mostly by women. He guessed immediately, which was a big step considering his own culture – that the High Marshal was not into monogamy. This was clearly a kind of harem – though it had to be said that to appearances it was nothing more than a room full of attractive women. Solarans were quite dignified about such things, and so it seemed were these women. Magen and his guards were aloofly ignored by them. They continued in the conversation, bathing and games undisturbed.
Magen was quite unsettled. This was not even vaguely his idea of how relationship between a man and a woman should be. No doubt it served men such as the High Marshal well, he could pick and sample the desirable personality or whatever according to mood, what he wanted to hear and so on – but could the High Marshal offer the same presence to all of them. Magen felt it would wear him quite thin, it would be like dividing his soul in twenty. Best to push these criticisms from his mind though – the High Marshal was a great man...
The sergeant presently led him to a mighty and dark carven wooden door. He gave a delicate knock.
“Centurion Agasan to see you sir!” he declared.
There came a rumble of a reply.
“He will see you now.” The sergeant appeared to be quite surprised. The High Marshal often liked to leave officers waiting in the pool area – leaving them feel very awkward. In Solara too, and most of Seatus, monogamy was the favoured relational style.
“Right,” Magen took a deep breath, almost choking on the perfumed air. He reached the door handle.
“No, allow me,” the sergeant offered. He laid a hand on the door and swung it inwards. Magen was hit with a passing blast of warm air. He stepped through and the door was closed behind him.
It was almost like stepping into a furnace, the steamy heat waved over him, he almost reeled from it – such a stark change of atmosphere. This room was also dimly lit, the only source of light came from a fire that roared in a large open hearth. Magen waited for his eyes to adjust. He was already streaming sweat.
“Sir?” Magen drew attention audaciously. He approached the High Marshal, leaning on the mantle-piece. He halted abruptly as the hearth rug stirred and began growling. At that moment Magen felt entirely inappropriate, looking into the dog’s reddened eyes which now conspired to pierce him. He gasped, the heat was stifling, he felt oppressed, and even slightly afraid. This was weird – who would light a fire in the heat of Solara.
“Laegoss!” The High Marshal snapped, the dog was advancing with rippling lips towards Magen, “Down!” He threw out an arm indicating the corner of the room. Laegoss duly slunk off growling. Magen watched the giant shaggy animal move away. He was suspicious that it would return on him once his back was turned. He couldn’t help but feel some sort of enmity towards it. It seemed a horrid and brutal creature.
Magen stood before the High Marshal then. He appeared to be entranced by the fire. The flames danced, striking out and leaping across his glossy glazed pupils. The shadows shifted wildly across his face, making it look like each second his visage shifted revealing a new personality. He must have been in deep thought, considering some difficult decision of paramount importance. He did not move to speak to Magen, he barely seemed to recognise his presence – beyond calling off his hound.
Magen waited patiently not wishing to again draw the sovereign’s attention unbidden. He glanced around the room briefly, it seemed to be a sort of lounge. Papers were strewn about, intermixed with a variety of text-pads, various other curiosities; he noticed a music score, some esoteric and ancient weapons. Laegoss skulked in the corner, watching him, eyeing him up. Magen challenged its eyes again – he heard dogs could get frustrated by fear, and such a large dog was certainly fearful. Laegoss could easily have made a spontaneous lunge, and Magen would be his next meal.
He wondered if it was just paranoia, just he got a real sense that Laegoss might do exactly that – this was just like with the weasel/ferret, whatever it was. He ought to be at ease, it was just a big dog. And yet, he still had that feeling of loathing, only held in check by loyalty to the High Marshal. Otherwise he was dog food.
He wiped the sweat off his forehead.
“Sir you called for me...” Magen reminded finally, having lost patience, mostly due to the crushing heat.
“Yes – yes, I have need of you,” the High Marshal said as if he had come to a realisation. He continued to look at the burning coals. Magen could not but feel that all this was very odd, the entire thing. The High Marshals demeanour, the heat – even that there was a fireplace at all. Installed on command – maybe he enjoyed it more for its life, than heat? “Do you think it’s cold?” the High Marshal asked suddenly, as if mind reading – or mind predicting...
Magen was startled, and perplexed. What could he answer, surely if one genuinely though it cold, he must be either very ill or very insane. He could not believe the High Marshal was insane, and he knew him to be healthy – perhaps it was more eccentricity. But this legendary leader? Perhaps it was a test, was this all a test? What kind of test? To see if he was submissive to him? To see if he was dangerously independently minded? And which then was favourable?
“Sir, I could not honestly say I find it to be cold,” Magen confessed, “That is only my perception though. If you find it to be cold, then it certainly is for you, and we must act accordingly. Whether I find it cold or not is inconsequential...” he wasn’t really sure of what he was saying, nor why he was saying it. Was there really a sensible reply to this question?
The High Marshal smirked, “I thank you for your frankness,” he said in a way that made it impossible to discern whether his reply had been favourable or not. The High Marshal turned to the flames again. On another occasion, Magen might have enjoyed them too – but his concentration was gone, evacuated by the heat.
It was then Magen’s eye fell on the sword the High Marshal clutched, his hand leaning on it. Shucnascrad, or Frostcry, Magen had called it. He’d named it that because it had looking very... icy... and he had felt it was mournful at having been separated from its rightful owner – not that he really believed the sword could feel anything at all. It was really more that Magen had been saddened by its use at the hands of a Seeker.
Now Magen vaguely pondered did it have its own special properties – was the High Marshal really cold. Could the sword resist its wielder? Curiba’s sword was certainly possessed of a certain amount of ‘personality’ or independence. What if Shucnascrad really was ‘unhappy’ to be parted of its owner? What silly questions to be asked at this time...
“Do you think, Magen, that an old man could learn something new?” The High Marshal glanced down at the sword. Perhaps he had noted Magen’s gaze. He tightened his hand briefly, as if in attempt to subdue the weapon.
Again Magen was befuddled. He was glad he had spent so many hours talking through Damoclus’ riddles. These complicated conversations had almost become enjoyable, but then here, Magen knew nothing. He could hardly guess at the meaning behind the questions. They were odd, unbalancing, and abstract. Damoclus was nothing in this respect when compared to the High Marshal. He was certain he was being tested – but what did the High Marshal want?
“I’m not sure I can answer that – I’ve never been old...” Magen replied, now evasively, but it was clear the High Marshal expected more, “I – I imagine,” he stuttered nervously, whatever was in the balance if he answered wrong? “...that it merely becomes more difficult to learn as one grows older. It – it is my belief, that the will can overcome many disadvantages of the body. So if a man were to learn new things, he must have the will to do it...” Magen elaborated. Perhaps the High Marshal simply wanted to know if he thought that he could be taught to use a sword.
“Ah... Mind over substance... Certainly – but men only have so much will. You will learn Magen, that there is not always enough, there are limitations. There is much we cannot do – however, there is also much that we can. It is up to us to do all that we can...” the High Marshal smiled. Magen decided either he loved his own philosophy, or he had said something favourable.
“Yes sir – I do believe there is much I have yet to learn, and experience,” Magen said humbly. He recognised that he had often viewed his own strength of will boundless, that he would never admit defeat, or despair – he was not invulnerable to a weakness of the mind. Indeed to have touched on the darkness of despair so often showed him that. He could see clearly, why Saar’ha had been so afraid of ‘falling’.
“Let us walk...” the High Marshal decided in seeming spontaneity, “You will take Laegoss – he is too lazy.” he went on.
Magen looked apprehensively at the hound, he was quite averse to the idea of walking it. He recalled he had been ordered, and even if not, it would have been quite rude to object.
“Is there a leash?” he asked hoping for a big heavy choke chain.
“Of course!” the High Marshal darted over to his bureau with surprising alacrity. He returned with a pipe and a thin stringy retractable leash. It was doubtful it would inhibit Laegoss’ movement in any way.
Magen took it, working hard to hide his doubt. He’d never dealt with animals much before. He approached the carnivorous donkey. He began to growl. Magen stopped.
“Ignore him – he’s harmless really...” the High Marshal waved, packing tobacco into his pipe.
After a few false attempts then, Magen managed to get Laegoss leashed. The dog had been very artful in his manoeuvres to avoid the chaining, keeping up the low growl the entire time. “Right sir, I’m ready.”
The High Marshal went to join him, but halted at the other side of the fireplace. He unbelted Shucnascrad and laid it down, “I won’t need it... Have you ever noticed how it can cut through anything, but not its sheath?” he remarked joining Magen. “How do you suppose it does that?”
“I don’t know,” Magen replied, “The physics are beyond me... The swords will only cut when they are meant to cut.”
“You are not a scientific man?”
“I have a rudimentary knowledge – and a certain amount of interest. It wouldn’t be my chosen profession...”
“No, you are a leader of men – I see this. Come, let us go,” he gestured towards the door, “Does it seem to have become very hot in here – yes I shall be glad of the fresh air...”
“Yes sir,” Magen agreed, thankful they were leaving the furnace behind.
They ventured down into the grounds around the tower then. Here there were green fields and open training areas, assault courses, woodlands and so on. Very much like a larger version of the Gahon base, which no doubt emulated the original. It was perfect for taking the dog for a walk. Magen noted the Tower Guard were in tow, following some distance behind. They were out of earshot, no doubt at the High Marshal’s orders – just watching.
Laegoss trotted ahead of them, his leash was lax. Magen assumed this was to show that the leash meant so very little to him. At every sound of Magen’s voice, he growled a flickered a lip. Yet Magen was not too concerned, the dog seemed to be in control – at least while the High Marshal was present. They passed under the shade of a defoliated tree. Laegoss took the opportunity to mark out his domain. Magen desiring not to prove how worthless the leash was, halted to allow him to finish his business.
“Are you afraid Magen?” the High Marshal asked, watching him.
“No sir, not at all,” Magen replied lightly, not wanted to reveal how intimidated he was in talking with him.
“I suppose I meant; ‘what do you fear?’ – Do you fear me?” he pursued.
“You sir – I respect – but I don’t think I would say fear,” Magen answered disconcertedly, “What do I fear... In one sense – nothing.”
“Nothing! How is that possible? A fearless man?” The High Marshal commented almost sarcastically.
“Is a soldier not meant to be fearless?” Magen wondered at the High Marshal’s attitude, rather than his own. He did not think it necessary.
“No – not at all. Fearlessness leads to either of two things, stupidity, or complacency – neither effective combat techniques. You must be able to expect the worst and deal with it. You must see that a soldier must embrace fear and use it to his advantage, to drive himself to fight for his life, those things he cares for. It can be used to make a man strong, you see fear can be used as a weapon...” They walked on, back into the sunlight.
“I see – but I have also seen fear make soldiers immobile and useless...” Magen said carefully.
“Indeed, one must be careful – but the worst fear, is the fear of fear itself...” the High Marshal looked at him sternly, “Now you must explain yourself.”
“Yes sir... You see, I believe in a creator, a supreme fundamental being...” Magen started. He doubted the High Marshal believed in such a being, he had spoken before of ‘powers’.
“Our ancestors once believed in such a being. There are some who really believe in him still, but Solarus is more popular – he is less demanding I suspect, though in essence very similar. Father of the gods, source of life,” he mentioned with a slight tone of superiority, “They used to do human sacrifice and all that... Is this the creator your people believe in?” They stepped back on to the main path, the next green was in use by training guards.
“It might be, but Cru’athor we call him – but they never believed in human sacrifice and never in other gods – or at least that there was any other deserving of worship and devotion...”
“Hmm,” the High Marshal pondered, “And this being makes you fearless, this belief.”
“I – I believe this being to be intrinsically good and also that He is directing the fate of the world, that ultimately all will work out for the good...” Magen said in meek tone.
“And you believe he will protect you from all harm – but men who share similar beliefs, or none at all, all have still suffered and died.” The High Marshal seemed oddly perplexed by this quirk of Magen’s personality.
“I do believe that death is not the end. I don’t understand why everything happens the way it does though – sir...” Magen explained.
“Yet you claim not to fear... and still you are certain of nothing. What about the people you care for? Or the fate of Seatus? What do you say when so many are subjected to great evil?”
“I did say in one sense sir. I am not complacent or foolish. I don’t fear death either, not in the end, but I don’t desire it either. – And sir, there are times I seem to forget what I believe, and then sir, I am afraid.” This final statement was true, but Magen felt that even in those times he had really nothing to fear, though he was fearful. He felt Cru’athor Himself held Him up. And this was why he was not like Saar’ha, clinging to a seemingly perilous precipice.
The High Marshal laughed then, “Ha! So you are no different from many another... but you must not fear, fear itself. You must use it, otherwise, in a moment, you may not care for the deaths of thousands, or the death of your friends, family – the loss of the battle, of the war. All because you thought death was not the end of human existence – what if it is?” the High Marshal pressed his fingers together, “We do not know the motives of the powers in this universe – but we must know our own.”
Magen took a few silent steps. The High Marshal thought his belief in Cru’athor was just based on an attempt to escape responsibility, or fear. But had he not seen the dark of an empty universe, ruled only by man. Certainly then fear and despair, but only because he would not submit to their rule, but the rule of love, meaning and hope. He did not think complacency was good either, but he would not pass over this mountain of meaning, caring for humanity, down the other side to fear again.
“Yes sir, I think I do see what you mean... I must admit some uncertainty, and take that into account in some way in my decisions...” Magen replied with a certain amount of diplomacy. After all he believed in right and wrong, moral law, could only come from a fundamentally good being. To sit making up moral law, ‘his own motives’ would in one way work, but only because the true law already existed mostly within him.
Fear, yes, he did not want to see Janessa die in battle, or particularly wish to die himself. This dog caused fear, he didn’t want to be savaged to death. Janessa might point out that he need not fight a war, if he truly had faith in a good creator. On the other hand, perhaps he had to because Cru’athor was good.
“Excellent, I believe we can use that.” The High Marshal gave a patronising smile. “And now, you can teach me how to use a sword...”
“Sir I... There are bound to be men more proficient than I...” Magen stumbled over the words astonished by the request, and uncertain whether he really wanted to spend much more time in the High Marshal’s company. His words confused him, and even had mixed up his nicely laid out, logical belief system. There was no argument, just what had seemed like very complicated thinking, which really in truth, frustrated Magen.
“So humble... There are no doubt other men – but Magen you are here now, and you are the only swordmaster in the entire Seaton Guard. Damoclus may have peculiarities, but he picked you for a reason... Now, over by that tree, you will find practise swords. You prefer the ‘Nattak’ sword design I believe...” The High Marshal beckoned one of the Tower Guards over to retrieve the weapons.
“Yes, of course...” Magen was familiar with the terminology of the Seaton swords, he guessed his sword followed the ‘Nattak’ design profile, “-But sir, I would at least have to prepare a lesson plan...”
“Nonsense – we will proceed as you did with your trainees...” The High Marshal looked around. He handed his pipe to another of the guards and removed his lightweight robe. “Do we spar on grass, concrete or this gravel path?”
“Spar sir?” Even mock fighting with the High Marshal could be disastrous, it would surely undermine the High Marshal’s dignity – and this was too public a place.
“Yes! Isn’t that what you do – ‘to see what I’ve got’?” the High Marshal gave Magen an innocent look.
“Yes but...”
“Oh don’t worry about me, I’m not as fragile as I look, and I even know a thing or two...” the High Marshal assured. He took the wooden stick proffered by the Tower Guard and held it towards Magen. “Now what is it to be?” I think the grass looks best...”
“Sand is traditional for training sir. You might get injured...” Magen took the sword reluctantly.
“Mr. Agasan,” The High Marshal began indignantly, “I have been wounded many times, I have been awarded the Wounded Heart medal for bravery – I am not afraid of falling on grass...”
Here Magen felt the High Marshal could have done with some of his own philosophy, “There is a beach,” Magen proposed.
“Hmm – I think it might be too much of a walk. I shall arrange for a more adequate training area next time... for now this will have to do...”
“Right sir...” Magen said with a sinking feeling. This would surely ruin him.
“Let the Guard here take Laegoss then, and we shall begin,” the High Marshal gave a slight smile.
Magen passed the leash of the intimidating hound over to the guard, “Thanks he murmured, gladly watching the dog go. The guard seemed to recognise something of a danger in Laegoss too. He held the leash tight, obviously feeling he could master and subdue the dog. Laegoss merely growled his displeasure, but there was terrible anger in his eye.
“Over here should be good...” the High Marshal gestured. They walked slowly over to the indicated area.
“Yes, this will do fine sir.” The grass had been shaded by a nearby tree and so, not being as well kept as it should have been, it had become springy with moss. Much kinder for a fall.
“Then let us begin,” the High Marshal stood opposite. “Attack me...” he held up the wooden sword.
Magen hesitated, “...Sir, traditionally, I would have the trainee initiate the attack...” It was so very odd to be more or less ordering the High Marshal of Seatus.
“I see,” the High Marshal gave an understanding turn of the head, “In that case...” He issued forth a roar, quite disconcerting Magen, he raised the sword and charged. The stroke came down on emptiness, as so often Magen’s trainees had experienced. He had evaded. The High Marshal felt the touch of the blade on his back... He turned to face Magen.
“Impressive – in a real fight I would already be dead,” he gave a slight grimace.
“You can try again...”
“Of course...” he stepped forward slowly, measuring his stroke. He thrust, Magen parried and stepped back, he tried a slash. The swords rattled as the connection was made. This time Magen returned with a strike – the High Marshal evaded with startling nimbleness.
“You seem quite agile,” Magen remarked.
“I do train. How can I expect any man to be a soldier if I am not one myself?” He rallied with another attempt, this time Magen drew in close, and dared to grab the High Marshal’s sword arm. The High Marshal replied with a light rapid punch to the stomach. Magen stepped back releasing his arm.
“Good, I’m glad to see that you have remembered that you have more than a sword at your disposal...” Magen commended.
The swords clashed briefly in a fairly tame few attacks. The High Marshal thrust again, Magen was too quick, he side-stepped, and grabbed him by the wrist, pulling him over with the momentum he had already committed to the stroke. The High Marshal lost his footing, he spun round and landed on his back.
“Yaah!” he cried, “My ankle!”
He’d rolled on it, Magen had felt it as he had fallen.
“Sorry Si...”
“Watch out!” yelled the Guard, almost drowned out by a clamour of barking.
Magen looked up, Laegoss was bearing down on him, as if driven by the spirits of ill. Magen didn’t budge, holding his ground. Laegoss continued to build up speed, barking deep and determinedly, foam of saliva flecked from his mouth. Magen gave it a little thought... He turned about and ran, very much as if there were a large ferocious man eating beast chasing him – there was. He bolted across the turf in the direction of the closest barracks. It was still quite a distance away. He pondered climbing the trees for safety, but Laegoss was close, and closing.
The snorting, snarling and slobbering was getting louder, closer, Laegoss was right on his heels. Magen could sense a moment coming, Laegoss would leap on him. He had the wooden sword still. It was now! He wheeled round, wielding the sword – it caught Laegoss in the chest and shattered. The hound twisted and fell on the ground stunned he pulled himself up. Magen was off sprinting again, this time back towards the guards.
They weren’t there! They were over helping the High Marshal. He hit the path of chippings. The change in traction was too much, he pitched forwards falling into the rough stones which scrabbed, scuffed and cut his palms. He grasped a number of stones in his hand, ready to throw. He turned on his back, Laegoss was bounding towards him, snorting like a monster. Magen let go of the stones, all except one. He threw it.
His sight went – if he could steer the path of a plasma bolt... The stone sailed through the air, defying physics by gathering speed. It plunged down, down into Lagoss gaping maw, jamming in his throat. The dog halted abruptly, and began gagging. Magen sat up, Laegoss tossed his head, glaring again maliciously at him. It took a few steps towards him, and then collapsed, writhing on the ground, shuffling his jaw in the earth. It was not to no avail, Laegoss stopped, and he became the hearthrug again.
Magen stood up and approached the still form. He prodded it with his foot, it was limp. Dead? Unconscious? He hardly cared – then if it were not dead, perhaps he should try to remove the stone... He didn’t dare, a very easy way to lose a hand.
“You’ve killed Laegoss!” the High Marshal hobbled towards him, “You killed my hound,” he glowered, frowning.
“I’m truly sorry sir, he attacked me...” Magen truly hoped the evil creature was dead.
“Pah!” he fluttered his hand, “It’s of no consequence.” He seemed to decide sentimentality inappropriate. In a moment, Magen saw a flickering in his eyes, something like shadows and flames, like earlier.
“Sir?” Magen enquired.
“No – you see Magen, now you shall be my loyal hound...”
“Right sir...” He really wanted to be somewhere else now. He didn’t like the idea of being a loyal hound at all.
“Come walk with me...” he indicated that the guards should support him. “Magen, you shall be a great leader...” he began.
“I’m not sure sir... whether I want that or not...” He recalled the vision the evil being had shown him. It had urged him to take power, and become master of Seatus. It had tried to convince him that he could wield it, and wield the stone.
“It hardly matters, you have been selected. I have chosen you...” he boomed, washing away all opposition.
“Well, I, er, thank you sir – but what precisely do you mean?” Magen glanced back at the dead dog, it didn’t seem the kind of role he wished to fill, but of course the High Marshal had just seen the poetry of the moment. He had already decided this fate for Magen.
“Simply this Magen, you shall command a Battlecruiser. You see we need a new generation of commanders, there is a new generation of ships coming, they must be crewed,” The High Marshal laid out.
“I see sir, but surely there is training...”
“Of course, you will have to attend the academy – and if you fail in your training, you will greatly displease me. Presently, you will join the **Space Force**. You will do six months training at the academy here in Solara, during which you will also train me in the arts of sword fighting-“
“This is a great honour sir, but are you sure I am the man you want?” Magen mumbled almost unhappily, though it just sounded like he was being humble.
“Yes, yes indeed, but I do believe you are the right man, I have read Damoclus’ reports and I have now judged you for myself... After your six months,” he continued, “You will take an apprenticeship under Admiral Erith. He will school you personally for a further two years in the combat and tactics of fleet and warship…”
“That is the Admiral Erith – the fleet commander...” Magen felt far out of his depth. To command a Battlecruiser – utterly unimaginable!
“Yes – please don’t interrupt until I am finished – you may ask questions then... When you have completed that time, and I trust passed an assessment, you will take command of a scout class exploration ship for a further two years. Here you will be observed and advised by a retiring captain... Once that time has passed, we will review, and if favourable, I will have you posted as captain on a Battlecruiser... you will still be under the guidance of the afore mentioned retiring captain, until we are sure of your capability. I will have one of my staff sort out all the details and paper work – but that is the general idea...” The High Marshal halted they had reached the entrance to the Tower. “Now ask your questions...”
“Is five years not a very short time to rise to command?” Magen mentioned, blown away by how the High Marshal had mapped out his career before him.
“There are far too many greying old fools in command Magen. We need some fresh blood, fresh ideas and new life – that will help us win this war, and break the tedious cycle...”
“What about my squad?” Magen blurted out. He didn’t want to leave any of them, they were close to him.
The High Marshal took a deep breath, “It is the tradition within Seaton Defence that a commander’s squad should accompany him as he progresses... This is not to say they will earn the same promotion as you, and progress in their careers – You must talk with Marshal Damoclus – he will find them suitable roles within the scope of your new position,” he seemed displeased to have to involve Damoclus, “I shall inform him directly that you will be paying him a visit. He will fill you in on whatever details you wish to know...” He began typing on his wristlet.
“One thing sir... you do know there is a spy in my division...” Magen said almost in hope, otherwise there was no way out.
“You are not suspicious of your squad members?” the High Marshal questioned.
“No sir...”
“Then I shall trust this to your judgement, there is nothing to worry about,” he dismissed the concern.
“Where will I be able to find Damoclus then?” Magen resigned himself to this fate. He was intrigued to know what Damoclus would make of all this.
“Ah yes, absolutely – the Guard here will show you the way. I think I will leave you now,” he smiled wryly, “I must get this foot attended to – it’s always been a bit weak...” he muttered.
“Right sir – and when will we have our first sword training session?” Magen reminded of the final detail, though he would rather have not, “That is, if you are still interested...”
The High Marshal blustered, “Interested of course! You hardly think a mere ankle injury would dissuade me!”
“Sorry sir, you’re absolutely right!” Magen almost panicked.
“I will summon you when I am ready...” he beckoned a second guard to support his other side, seeing the steps ahead.
“I look forward to it sir,” Magen lied. “Oh sir!” he called as the High Marshal moved to leave.
“Yes?”
“I never was told your name...”
“My name is Seatus...” He clung to the guards and hobbled off.
“We must go another way Centurion,” the remaining guard told him.
Magen shook his head, trying to displace the feeling he had that the High Marshal was not entirely sane.
“Lead on then...”

*	*	*	*	*
Tania, Es’ston, of the Clan Drafnak, one of the grand and honourable clans of Es’stus (which of course every self-respecting clan claimed to be), sat on a couch in the quarters of a Seaton Guard squad – in the den of the enemy. Her face was puckered in a scowl as she dealt her adversary another blow...
Clan Drafnak was one of the biggest and most influential in Kalafe. They were reputed for having pioneered space travel – and conquest. Drafnak were also one of the more aggressive and arrogant of the Es’ston clans. They had reason to be, they were good at it. Before the war, all Es’stus sought to appease them in every way for fear of their dread retribution. They could strike anywhere at any time, their spaceships would drop from the skies and devastate their foes, the raider crushing villages and cities. They would bombard their enemies from orbit, and there was no escape.
Clan Drafnak, unsurprisingly had been one of the main instigators of the Seaton-Es’ston war. -Though they themselves under more insidious political influences by those who would prefer the dread clan to gaze elsewhere. They hardly had needed the excuse of Seatus’ attack on their civilian colony ships. The more cynical even proposed that they who had done the scouting and probing had falsified reports. The truth was somewhat more complicated, more intertwined, selfishness, innocence, pride, greed and ignorance all playing together in a deadly cocktail that had brewed a war. That however is a different story.
Some of this, Ariot had discovered through his few brief attempts at conversation with the Es’ston child. It seemed her mother had only ever talked politics with her – and how embittered that seemed to be. Tania hated the world, not individuals, but all authorities, government and those in control of it. Ariot buried his nose in the visi-book he was reading – a book stored in electronic format incorporating pictures. It was the latest marketing gimmick deployed by Textual Entertainments Inc. Ariot was finding the pictures very useful for understanding of how to build a miniature magnetic field plasma containment vessel generator.
Tania meanwhile hammered on the AstroCom -specially provided at a premium price with a fancy name to inflate it even more- ‘Rapid-Input Game Interface Device’. Her foe relented, and she passed to the next level of ‘Algebra Wars!’, the game being a curious mix of platforming, role play and maths. Right now, this was her sole enemy.
Ariot looked up, noticing the subsidence. He was perplexed as to how a homeless child of seven was so proficient at mathematics. Some parts of the game were quite advanced for her age. And yet earlier she had confessed, under protest, an inability to read anything other than maths. It had required a devious trap on Ariot’s part to confirm it.
“Tania, where is it you learnt maths?” he dared to ask. He was still seated in the chair by the door. His tea rested on the arm, but otherwise they were quite alone. Ogher, Slick and Elshan had since departed to the kitchen – Ariot suspected they had found the ‘medical’ supplies of alcohol. Curiba and Tyr’uc had gone to the beach. The result as Magen predicted, was the responsibility for looking after Tania had been foisted off on him.
“Hmm?” she looked over dazedly, in that state of extreme concentration, “My – uh, my mum taught me...” she answered with only a slight reluctance. She would rather not speak of the past.
“But she didn’t teach you to read...” Ariot creased his brow.
Tania turned up her nose, “It’s bad enough to have to speak Seaton – without having to read it as well!” she quoted.
“You can read your own language then?”
She shook her head, “Not much of it to read here, ‘sides, maths is the universal language. Much more useful,” she touted.
Ariot smiled, “Your mum a scientist?” He guessed.
Tania’s face clouded in confusion, “...I... I dunno what she was...”
“I mean she must have been from a crew of one of your spaceships...” Ariot explained, “I was wondering what she’d been trained as...”
She shrugged, “That was all before I was born – she never told me how she got stuck here.”
“I suppose not...” Ariot sat back and plunged directly back into his book. He’d run out of questions again, and Tania answers. The book was dreary. The author had clearly been more concerned about getting a doctorate than writing a useful informative book full of radical and cutting edge ideas. That was what Ariot was looking for, brilliant ideas, ideas he could take and tame into usefulness. This book was about as exciting as playing around with iron filings and an electro-magnet... Mind you, that had been pretty fun the first time he’d done it, now that he thought about it.
It was obvious, Tania was not just any old street child. She had a brightness about her, even just the way she talked; more about politics than anything else, and she seemed to have some kind of knack for these puzzle games. There was an overt, radiance of potential about her. It made Ariot wonder. He couldn’t remember if he’d been so intelligent at that age.
“It must have been tough...” Ariot commented, “Living on the streets I mean.”
Tania gave a blank look, “- I survived,” she said as if she considered it no major thing the change in her circumstances, or that she had no desire for that change.
“Yes...” Ariot let the silence wash in for a while... Yet still he had not quite quenched his curiosity about Tania. “How did your mum make a living? I mean how did you get food?”
“Stole it I guess, I dunno...” There had been hungry times to be sure, but really it had never been too hard to come by food. Even they had often had a dry place to stay, in hotels, or hostels and so on. Tania knew her mother had hidden something from her. She believed she must have had a good reason, and Ariot didn’t need to know anyway.
“Do you wanna play?” She indicated the screen and the resting secondary controller.
“Oh, I don’t know... I’m pretty rubbish at these kind of things. Not so good with the whole pressing buttons at the right time thing...” he pressed air buttons to demonstrate his feeble inadequacy.
“It’s better two player,” Tania explained, “You’ll get it...” she dumped the controller on his lap an took up the second one.
Ariot had no choice now, and besides it would be rude to just bury his nose in the book. He took position on the couch, and the pair resumed the game. Very soon, it finishing the game became, less important (and less achievable) than Ariot’s humorous floundering. Tania laughed and regularly thumped him on the shoulder, and as a result made plenty of her own hilarious bloopers – as Ariot could laugh too.
It was maybe an hour later, just as they were about to give up on co-operative ‘Algebra Wars!’ for something more easily mastered, that they were interrupted. Saar’ha swept in through the doorway, like a chill draft on a morning early in spring – just when you thought it was getting warmer.
“Ariot – I see you’re back,” she said cursorily, “And your leg has recovered,” she pointed at the offending limb.
“Yes – er – I guess...” Ariot replied as best he could. He had a ‘how are you?’ on his lips, but really there was no point asking Saar’ha that, or even saying it.
“You seem to have got from Jahiro somehow.” She wandered round in front of the couch, having spotted the anomaly of Tania’s greasy matted, possibly once brown hair. “...And who is this,” She leaned forward and flicked Tania’s hair aside to reveal her ear, “Es’ston?”
Tania glared ineffectually into Saar’ha’s eyes, which in turn sliced right through her and moved impassively over to Ariot.
“Ah, well, this is Tania – she – ah – her mother died...” he ended in a whisper, Saar’ha seemed in a fine inquisitorial mood.
“Where did she come from? You brought her from Jahiro...”
“No! No! It wasn’t me...” Ariot blurted out rapidly feeling this was not a crime he wished to be accused of, “Magen found her, in the city…”
“Oh…” Saar’ha seemed to soften minutely, “Why did he bring her back her?”
Ariot glanced at Tania, it did seem an odd course of action for Magen to take. “I suppose he wanted to help – she’s got no-one to look after her...”
Saar’ha raised her eyebrow, “Well, I can see that. We’d better do something about that then. -Men know so little about these kind of things...” She shook her head looking at Tania’s dress, and grubby face. “He must intending on adopting her then,” she added with heavy scepticism.
“It think he might have said something about exploring options,” Ariot explained, not wanted Tania to get carried away – whatever way she felt about this whole business. It did not seem to be Magen’s intention.
Saar’ha turned back to Tania. Tania could barely prevent herself ‘shrivelling up’ and sinking into the corner of the couch. She had never felt intimidated before. Not even by her mother.
“Now young lady,” Saar’ha addressed, “I think it’s high time you had a bath...”
She had voiced the dread words! Tania had begun to suspect this was her intention all along, she seemed the sort, stern, strict, cold and clean. Tania rallied and offered her best steely glare. She was not going to have a bath; have her hair pulled, and end up smelling of flowers and stuff. She spat mentally.
This resilience to cleanliness was not so much a matter of having lived on the streets – but rather of nobody having made her before, nor having required it. And now here was this woman, who she didn’t know, barely treating her as a real person – trying to make her bath!
“No.” Tania said, crossing her arms, “Not gonna have a bath.” - And all that soap stinging her eyes, it hardly held to reason!
“It won’t be so bad Tania...” Ariot offered trying to ease the situation, “And you’ll feel more comfortable afterwards too.” Tania stuck out her little pink tongue at him.
Saar’ha however was up for none of it. She was not going to demean herself by explaining the justifications for bathing. She merely continued her hard look. It seemed a battle of wills was on. Then Saar’ha spoke in a terrible confident tone.
“You may as well just come – or I’ll drag you...” She smiled maliciously.
Tania frowned, it was true. She didn’t have the physical strength to prevent the bathing. But she was going to kick up enough fuss to make it as unattractive as possible on future occasions.
“I see like that is it...” Saar’ha shifted her jaw to the side slightly, “I’m going to run the bath now, and you can think just who is going to come off the worst from this.” Her eye twinkled with confidence. She could stick a lot, and had dealt with far worse (as far as she knew), and more obstreperous patients in her time. A mere child would be comparatively simpler to deal with.
Ariot quietly left the room at this point to leave the pair battle it out. He neither wished to get caught in the crossfire, nor pressed to join forces with Saar’ha. He joined the others in the kitchen.
“Ah Ariot!” Ogher raised his thimble-like glass of amber liquid, “Come, take a seat, let’s catch up – I’ll pour you a drink!” He reached for the dinky bottle of medicinal brandy.
Ariot shifted uneasily, “Ogher you know I won’t drink,” he said dully, “That’s the medicinal brandy isn’t it?” he accused.
Ogher glared at the offensive bottle, “Oh! Well, I’m sure it is! - It’s not really needed though, there are much more technically advanced solutions available for dealing with shock and trauma...” He grumbled lowly.
Ariot moved over to the fridge and grabbing a glass poured himself some apple juice. He sat down beside Slick who hunched over his meagre dram almost protectively. Ogher watched him critically. Elshan smiled benevolently, trying to ease the unease between his brothers.
“You’re all better now then...” Elshan broached diplomatically.
“Yes, absolutely fine,” Ariot replied, knowing quite well what was on Elshan’s mind. He had decided to carry on this charade for now, until it became impossible. He would not return to battle, but it might be a while before it came.
“Have you made much progress with the sword?” Elshan sipped at his thimble, aware that he much relish every drop – there would be no more for some time.
Saar’ha came barging through, carrying a bundle of what might once have been called clothes. She stuffed them unceremoniously into the washing machine, setting to the more thorough level. It might be done within fifteen minutes or so. A more deluxe apartment might have had a robot to fold them and put them away too. Of course that was really only for the rich, maintenance on such robots was so high, and quite unavoidable. As it was Saar’ha really didn’t need that.
“I imagine Janessa and Yicle will bring back some new clothes...” Elshan remarked.
“Tania may need these until then,” Saar’ha explained. She hoped there would be no further inquiry. In her eagerness to deal with the grubby stinky Tania, she had neglected certain practicalities. She charged out again, avoiding potential questioning of her judgement.
“I have some ideas about the sword I’d like to try out... I need time though.” Ariot gave a vague answer to Elshan’s earlier query.
“Perhaps you’ll be lucky and Damoclus might let you off to do that,” Elshan said cheerily, attempting to encourage his less than happy sibling. “- Saar’ha giving Tania a bath then,” he judged from the splashing and screaming.
“Sounds like she’s trying to drown her,” Ogher commented dryly, “Poor girl...”
“Saar’ha or Tania?” Slick joked, the memory of Tania holding him at knife point still fresh in his mind.
“I would have thought Saar’ha the more deadly...”
“Perhaps you don’t know Tania so well – be lucky if we don’t have to take Saar’ha to the hospital...” Slick said. He peered glumly at his brandy – not near enough to drown his worries. He had to leave. But that was impossible, he caught Ogher’s tyrannous eye.
“Hmm,” Ogher smiled, “Seems to have made quite an impression – I’d like to hear the story of how you met her some time...” Ogher had half an idea that it might be amusing.
Elshan creaked in his chair, leaning forward, “Slick-“
“-Jarom.”
“Yes... Someone tried to kill you today. You didn’t finish explaining -“
A pained expression passed over his face. Why did they have to interfere? He had hoped Tania might be sufficient distraction.
“Is this true?!” Ariot exclaimed, looking at Slick curiously. “And I thought it was Magen we had to look out for – what happened?”
Elshan gave a summary explanation of the afternoon’s events in detail, making a great thing of the wailing and the tragic death of Tania’s mother.
“...and Slick has yet to finish that story he began,” he ended, passing the baton to the beetle-haired ex-criminal.
Slick sighed, “Well, this was how it was; I had the crime lords of the city breathing down me neck. And those lads were a darn sight better than the guard at tracking me down! I had to come up with a strategy...”
“So it’s not as simple as that they were trying to kill you then – and are still trying to kill you now?” Ariot suggested. Not unreasonably he was a bit sceptical of Slick’s entire story.
“No,” Slick said contemptuously, “I’m sure they couldn’t give two mini-credits about me now. I’m not operating as it were, not competing...”
“What was your strategy then?”
“You heard about that guy who stole and gave to the poor?”
“Yes certainly – Byrd Ruyde, he’s a legend in Angtar,” Elshan answered.
“Well, it worked for him, so I figure, why not for me? So that’s what I did. I stole from the rich and gave to the poor,” Slick revealed his unsightly teeth – too much cornflakes...
Elshan and Ogher burst out laughing at Slick’s ingenuity. Ariot merely gave a blank look.
“So what did that achieve?” he asked.
“Popularity…” Slick breathed, as if remembering that golden time of his youth.
“Protection – but it didn’t work did it?” Ogher surmised.
“It did,” Slick replied a bit miffed at Ogher’s lack of confidence in his skills.
Saar’ha re-entered, her sleeves rolled up and clothes soaked. She slid the cutlery drawer open and rifled through, withdrawing the scissors.
“Don’t torture the poor girl now…” Ogher grinned foolishly, “Even if she is the enemy!”
Saar’ha wheeled on him wielding the scissors, “Ogher Derell, I don’t believe you are even remotely drunk – and therefore I demand an apology for that hateful remark!”
Ogher pulled his chair back to avoid the threatening blades, “Right, right – sorry!”
“Good!” she left again.
“Seems to have a bit of a bee in her bonnet,” he mumbled.
“Tania,” Slick explained, “‘Nyways, I was getting quite a reputation – but the crime lords was cottoning on to it, and gettin’ smarter. Golath, who controlled the docks district at that time -also where my set-up was most successful- sort of had a plan...”
“The docks? So you could get away quickly,” Ogher said.
“Zactly... Hey! Are you implying something?” Slick squinted at him.
Ogher shrugged, “Go on...”
“Right, Golath you see decided he didn’t want to destroy me – but absorb me. What did he do; he sent his daughter to me...”
“Oh I see,” Elshan winked.
“Mmm, yes...” Slick agreed downcast.
“So what was she like?” Ariot asked with eager curiosity.
“Oh, really beautiful – like. Dark hair, dark smooth skin, deep brown eyes – real devious too...” Slick said almost wistfully.
“So what was the problem?” Ogher said.
“The problem? - One, I didn’t want to be a crime prince, under the thumb of Golath, and marriage. Two... She’s a complete psycho!”
“Oh – she’s the one trying to kill you. You jilted her and ran...”
“Yeah,” Slick winced, “But she’s not so much into killing...”
“What do you mean?” Ariot quizzed.
“She’ll make me squirm first – torture, until either I come back to her – or die...” Slick said with finality.
“Right – and she wouldn’t negotiate?” Ogher proposed.
“Not over my dead body,” Slick shivered, “She’s very good at what she does, pre-mortem...”
Ogher and Elshan exchanged helpless looks.
“I suppose we could try tracking her down,” Elshan suggested.
“Pah!” Slick snorted explosively.
“That good – huh,” Ogher said resignedly.
“Couldn’t you get the Guard involved?” Ariot put in.
“Don’t think they wouldn’t love to catch her – she leaves quite a distinct trail. Oh they’re well acquainted with her already!” Slick waxed in a mixture of utter terror and admiration.
“And she’s after you…” Ogher said.
“You see! I have to run! The Guard can’t protect me, there’s nothing to be done, except run!” slick pleaded to his gaoler.
Saar’ha burst in again, somewhat more dishevelled.
“Can you guys watch Tania – while I clean the bathroom?”
“That was a very quick haircut...” Elshan observed, slightly worried.
“It had to be,” Saar’ha said shortly, “Her hair was terribly matted too...” she mentioned by way of preparing them.
“Oh, I thought it was just dreadlocks,” Ogher joked.
Saar’ha gave him a withering look. She grabbed the mop and prepared for the door.
“Don’t forget her clothes...” she added as the door swung shut.
The ‘guys’ continued to discuss Slick’s predicament, and peruse his options – quite forgetting Tania, she could look after herself after all...
...Tania... She was mad, really quite angry, and feeling very humiliated. Saar’ha had scrubbed her viciously, remorselessly until her skin was raw. It felt as if the whole epidermis had been removed. She decided Saar’ha couldn’t tell the difference between tan and dirt. Then she had cut her hair with equal brisk roughness. Tania didn’t care too much about her hair, or how she looked (as many a seven year old), that was all bother – but now it was short, and the cool apartment air touched her neck and scalp. Her head felt oddly light. She ran her hand through the hedgehog bristle Saar’ha had left behind. She shivered, and clenched her miniature fists.
Tania now had two enemies; level twenty-three of Algebra Wars – and Saar’ha. She thought of some words a seven year old shouldn’t know to describe her. She was in a vengeful mood – and not to be left unsupervised, indeed unrestrained. She pulled tight the heavy bathrobe that draped about her with plenty of excess. She dragged the royal cloak across the floor in queen-like manner, flumping down sulkily on the sofa, waiting for her clothes to be delivered to her. She left squelchy wet footprints behind in the thick carpet...
She now surveyed the room with cunning, analysing, searching for the mode in which she might reap her vengeance upon Saar’ha. It was actually quite amusing thinking of how she could repay her. She couldn’t immediately see anything obviously belonging to her. -The crystal vase, minute and delicately coloured, blushed with rose. Breakable yes, but not Saar’ha’s. She might check in her room, there could be more personal effects there – but Saar’ha wasn’t the kind to care terribly about that kind of thing anyway. In fact she seemed a bit like a witch sent from the underworld to torment her. She frowned, still there was a way, Saar’ha was human. She creased her brow in malign thought.
There came a strange buzzing noise, it interrupted her thoughts, even unnerved her with its spontaneity. She looked over at the source. There! Over near the bathroom door, slowly making its way towards her – a funny little dome thing. A clean-up robot, drying her footprints. She stepped down from the couch and spied on it for a moment or two as it innocuously sucked on the carpet.
Now she had a stroke of evil genius. What was Saar’ha having to do in the bathroom – clearing up the hairs she had flung all over the place. She smirked evilly. Saar’ha would have to clean up the mess, if the robot wouldn’t, or couldn’t. She glanced at the pretty vase, then took a stealthy step towards the unsuspecting robot.
Here she was frustrated; as she moved close to the robot – it would retreat. It was programmed to not get underfoot, which equated to avoiding people. This much Tania could guess from the empirical evidence. A change in tactic was in order. She fell back to the couch again. With a dash of inspiration, she grabbed the peanut bowl off the coffee table and tipped the contents on to the ground.
It had the desired effect. The clean-up robot, identifying the spillage, rushed to the spot. It could not know that evil awaited it, Tania, ready to pounce from the couch. She fell on it.
Immediately it tried to escape. It was quite heavy. A struggle ensued, Tania wrestled it on to its back. Its wheels spun and the steering wheel flickered from side to side. Then it rocked violently, it was trying to self-right! With some effort she heaved it on to the couch and shoved it into the corner where it could not escape.
She had it now. A moment’s inspection revealed that the carapace was easily removed, presumably for maintenance. She carried out some of her own; snapping interconnecting wires, she pulled apart some of the daughter boards, finally it was rendered disabled. She glanced around furtively – no-one saw. She set it back on the ground and wheeled it into its dock in the corner of the room. Mission accomplished, one final item of business.
She shuffled over to the sideboard on which the vase resided. She decided, by her quickly developing engineer’s eye, that the vase would not break on the soft carpet floor simply by falling. It would need some additional force. She raised up her arms and hurled it towards the floor...

*	*	*	*	*
“Do take a seat Magen,” Damoclus looked up from his desk, where he paused his writing, “And close the door after you, there’s a bit of a draft.”
Magen footsteps fell across the white tiled floor, the echoes pattered away and back again. Damoclus office was a draft, it was like a wind tunnel. The air conditioning seemed to be set to emulate ‘cold, drafty Terranchi castle’. Damoclus’ Solaran office was a remarkable contrast to his one in Terranch, which had been ‘fetid jungle’. All was stark and white, stone or ceramic. The desk looked to have been cut out of a cliff-side, marble. Everything was neat and tidy, not a paper in sight, except the pad that Damoclus still held in his hand.
“You’re well?” Magen asked sitting in a chiselled chair.
“Yes... Don’t look so surprised! I hardly ever use it,” Damoclus smiled, demonstrating once again his abilities at guessing a Man’s thoughts – or perhaps directing them.
“Your face!” Magen grasped the side of his own in empathetic shock. He had caught a glimpse as Damoclus was smiling. He had deliberately turned the scars from him.
Damoclus rubbed the scarred and rippled red tissue on the side of his face.
“Ah yes – just a little reminder that I am a man...” His eyes were momentarily downcast and clouded.
“Mortal,” Magen suggested, knowing full well how easy it was to forget that.
Damoclus frowned, “No – fallible.”
“Can’t they do something about it?”
“Fallibility or the scarring...” he joked, “Yes I have an appointment in three week’s time with a specialist surgeon. Not that I mind too much... It might make some impression on the new recruits,” he smiled to himself – no doubt imagining the kind of nicknames it might gain him.
“…What was your mistake? About the spy – was there really much you could have done?” Magen asked. He attempted to relax in his chair somewhat, but he was too excited, and straightened up again.
“Maybe,” Damoclus seemed quite pained at this thought, “Anyway!” He tossed down the pad and straightened in his chair, “That’s not what you’re here for. The High Marshal wanted me to go over the details of your new assignment...”
“Yes, of course,” Magen didn’t want to be rude, but all the small talk had been rather straining his patience.
“What has he told you so far?”
“Well he pretty much outlined my path to becoming the captain of a battlecruiser,” Magen breathed out, giving away how amazing this seemed to him. “He mentioned something about you sorting out roles for my squad.”
“Hmm yes... perhaps we should order some coffee before we begin? This could take some time...”
“I’d quite like that...” The offer of coffee, in the middle of a war zone, could not easily be turned down.
“It’s not a surprise to you that we would have coffee here in the Tower of Light,” Damoclus said grimly, “That is quite cynical!”
“But correct. I’ve noticed quite a disparity between how soldiers and civilians live. I think I understand why over half the adult population is in the guard...”
“War does things to a society,” Damoclus said vaguely, “All the same, you won’t say no to taking advantage of the situation.” He pressed the comm on his desk, “Liz, could you have some coffee brought up – good, thank you.” He looked back at Magen, “Now, you know how this works?”
“Which?”
“Battlecruisers... In about five years two new Battlecruisers will be completed. As Marshal of Recruitment and Training, I’m looking for men and women to crew these ships.”
“Right. So there are plenty of jobs to be filled,” - This sounded promising for his squad - “Surely the ships won’t be entirely crewed with rookies though...”
“No, not at all,” Damoclus laughed, “But nevertheless there is only a finite number of experienced crewmen available. I’ll explain my method – Each Battlecruiser has more or less three times the amount of crew required to run it, organised generally into three watches; a day-watch, night-watch and auxiliary-watch. -Those are more historical names, in space there is no such thing as night or day. The Captain-Marshal can arrange his crew really in whatever way he sees fit. Only one set of crew is really experienced, the day-watch, commanded directly by Captain-Marshal.
“Now, what I’ll be doing, is making up half the crew from those already serving on other Battlecruisers...” Damoclus slid his hands about the table to give a visual demonstration, “Each watch will be paired up; so the most experienced crew, day-watch, will be with the most promising recruits. The old night-watch and old auxiliary-watch crew members will be paired together, and finally the auxiliary-watch will be entirely rookies... did you get all that?” Damoclus asked aware that it made much more sense when viewed on paper with lovely coloured diagrams.
“Er – I think so... So which crew will I be part of then?” Magen inquired.
“That...” Damoclus leaned back, “Will entirely depend on how well you do in assessments – that is, if I have anything to do with it. I fancy though the High Marshal has you lined up for at least the night-watch, possibly the main command crew if he can get away with it. It’s not usual for rookies to be on the main command crew – normally one has to climb the ladder of command. He’s deliberately got you marked for captaining a scout ship – that should give you enough experience, to at least make this promotion seem plausible.”
“Do you think I can actually do this...” Magen asked sensing some scepticism on Damoclus part, “– It does seem a lot of responsibility to take on at once.”
“It’s true it is a lot to take on at once. I might have been slower to put such a lot on you – but,” here Damoclus cracked a smile, “Don’t worry, no-one’s going to drop you in at the deep end. We’ll make sure to train you up for this role - For the first part at least you will have absolutely no responsibilities – except of course for your swordsmen...”
Magen frowned, and twiddled his thumbs nervously, considering it all again. Damoclus looked down on him, patiently and benignly, knowing a response was brewing. All Magen could see was a looming weight of duties looming on the horizon, commanding an entire crew, it seemed insurmountable, impossible, he knew nothing of how to deal with it. And why him?
“Why the heck is the High Marshal doing all this for me!” Magen blurted out, almost in frustration. He suspected he knew the dreadful answer, but couldn’t quite swallow it. And here was Damoclus lackadaisically allowing him to fall into this completely inappropriate place.
“I think he must like you...” Damoclus said airily, implying indescribably that it was more complicated than simply that. “I think you’ll be able to handle it anyway – Admiral-Marshal Erith is the best person you could have to prepare you for this...” He watched Magen deliberate. He guessed already though what he resolution would be, there was no real choice in the matter – not when the High Marshal was involved. He pressed his comm, “That coffee Liz?” Presently there was a knock on the door. “Ah, that’ll be it – come in!” he called.
The door opened and Liz entered carrying a silver tray with two tiny mugs and a little steel coffee jug on it. She circled round the end of the desk and laid it down between the conferencing officers.
“Thank you Liz,” Damoclus said graciously as she left them. He picked up the jug and neatly poured, filling the mugs. “It’s espresso, that’s the only way they seem to make it here. I hope you don’t mind – there’s some sugar if you need it – I should have had her bring in some of those sweet biscuit things as well...” Damoclus muttered.
“No, thanks, I’ll be fine.” Magen sipped at the black sludge. He grimaced, it was really strong. He hoped he would be okay, he was beginning to dread the thought of being incompetent and in charge of a ship. He wished he had just been mysterious whisked off to the academy, with none of this complication with the High Marshal. Then he felt sure he would have been appropriately ranked – and yet Damoclus was saying that he could do it.
“I think they must only drink it for kicks,” Damoclus commented, wide eyed. He rested his mug a moment. “Now about your squad...”
“Yes – will they be in the same watch as me?”
“Quite probably... Now, at the moment, none of the crew have been selected for the ships – so consider anything possible. I would like you, to first think of some kind of position where your squad members will be able to support you. We think personal loyalty is very valuable, and even somewhat contagious. If you have a good relationship with your squad, it can affect the entire crew – of course your squad won’t exist, as such after you leave the guard...” Damoclus paused to drink, and think. The suggestion of squad support seemed to have a positive effect on Magen, that brow beaten look lifted somewhat.
“Now, I’ve a list here,” Damoclus tapped the pad on the desk and slid it over, “I’ve had a number of ideas myself. Just take a quick look over it and then put down your own thoughts.”
“Right,” Magen glanced at it. Damoclus had scribbled down a wild variety of options beside the name of each of his squad members, along with a few comments on their skills and aptitudes. It was what Damoclus had been working on as he’d come in. A thought occurred to him, could it really be this was why Damoclus was in such a rush to get to Solara? There seemed no evidence that he was working on anything else, hence the lack of clutter.
He applied himself to the problem. It was a bit ridiculous, but Damoclus had mentioned support roles, he would like to have some of his squad close and that meant command staff. If he was good enough for it, he reasoned, so must they be. He had to accept that this was within his abilities, Damoclus was confident. He had command a century in battle, and he had successfully captained the Kuan-Aree. He massaged his ego, perhaps it wasn’t so ludicrous after all. Otherwise he might have thought it all the indulgence of a tyrant. He scribbled down his choices and recommendations down in the pad. Damoclus peered expectantly over his minute mug.
“Can I see,” he asked when Magen seemed done.
“Er, yes,” Magen stirred from his reflection, “Yes, I think I’m done.”
Damoclus scanned over it. It was apparent on his face that he had made some decisions already. Shortly he laid down the pad.
“I think Yicle is a poor choice for a first officer,” he said bluntly.
“Well I thought, since he was my closest friend, and after him helping with the swords training...” Magen was floored, his suggestions were too grandiose.
“No, definitely not... Ogher would be far better – is that not the role he performed on the Kuan-Aree...” He tapped the desk meaningfully.
“Well I guess...” Ogher as first could be quite a handful, he was very hard-line on discipline, and being obeyed. Then Magen could recognise that he was too lax in both these areas. It might serve to balance it out. Still he squirmed uncomfortably at his judgement being tested. “So what would Yicle do then?”
“Yicle could make a good security officer. From reading your report I can see he has just the mind for it...” Damoclus explained.
“He sees the holes in security,” Magen pointed out, parrying with his miniature mug that emphasised in Damoclus’ direction. He did not add ‘and exploits them’ – but they both knew surely that it gave Yicle reign to do anything he liked on the battlecruiser, that is, except activate the weapons systems.
“Exactly, very simple to make his job about patching them up. He’ll be in co-ordination with a Marine commander of course – but he would still be a part of your bridge crew, if that’s what you were thinking. Then on the bridge you would also have Saar’ha Forçhan as your helmsman. I’ve heard about her piloting...” Damoclus rounded up on a dubious note.
“Brilliant,” Magen commented, “But terrifying...” Damoclus was spot on of course. Yicle as first would not only have been poor, but catastrophic for order on the ship.
“Ye-es... Tyr’uc now – you think he’s unsuitable for any kind of command?”
“Don’t you?”
“Mmmh – I’ll put him on the engineering crew, he’s good with computers. Ariot too – though we have other projects for him. We won’t give him anything with too many responsibilities.”
“He’ll still be working on the swords then?” Magen was delighted, as would Ariot be.
“Yes – of course his skills are still in demand. He’s a very talented engineer, perhaps not too inventive, but very good. We’d have him off on a research team in a second if it weren’t for the paperwork – you know, his contract...”
They continued to discuss the pros and cons of various positions for Magen’s squad. In the end, Magen was happy and he was sure everyone else would be too, except Tyr’uc, but he would never be happy.
“You know of course all of you will have to sign up for a further five years,” Damoclus raised an eyebrow.
“Oh... I hadn’t thought of that. Hmm, it could be quite difficult persuading them...” Magen took a sip of cold espresso, “Urk!”
“Disgusting isn’t it...” Damoclus peered at the skulking dregs in his own mug, “these are some of the most attractive contracts Seaton Defence has to offer, of course – it will be entirely up to you to persuade them,” he said seriously.
“I know, thanks. We’ll be split up if they don’t, won’t we?”
“Yes – otherwise you’ll pretty much train at the academy and on the Alianna. All of you will have to pass your assessments as well, even though you have a fast ticket through the selection process...” Damoclus replied.
“And what will happen to my division?”
“Oh, it’s to be broken up – the losses are too heavy. Not to say you didn’t do a good job...”
“Thank you,” Magen said formally.
“Oh I wouldn’t get all guilt ridden – you haven’t made a major mistake yet...” Damoclus felt his cheek again, almost unconsciously. “By rights the entire division should have been annihilated. It would be, at least if not for your actions.”
“...Is there anything else I should know?” Magen did not think it worth agreeing with or denying this statement. What was done, was done.
“Well,” Damoclus smirked, “I should warn you – I’m promoting a number of other officers from the division. I did say I was recruiting for these new ships...”
“Oh? Who?” Magen straightened in his chair, quite taken aback.
“I thought Grammas would make an excellent Marine commander – or perhaps a unit commander. Dektri seems a good choice for something too, more exotic than a mere centurion...” Damoclus winked.
Magen frowned unexpectedly, “Dektri? Are you sure about that?”
“Oh yes!” Damoclus was ever so slightly offended, “He has demonstrated remarkable aptitude for command... and his diplomatic skills – why I believe he could even convince me to step into the line of fire!”
“Maybe, but Damoclus, he’s dishonest, manipulative, and he’s really only interested in his career...” Magen said firmly.
“Those things don’t stop him being a useful leader... I don’t expect every commander in the Seaton Defence to hold exactly the same views as myself! - If I did, for a start, we’d be a bit short handed...” Damoclus replied lightly, “No, he is a good leader, even if I would never trust him! He is useful and I encourage you to recognise that... but at the same time, do be careful.”
“As in don’t get in the way of his career...”
“Something like that,” Damoclus responded offhandedly. “By the way, about the swordsmen...”
“Yeah...” He was not liking the idea of still having to deal with Dektri. He had been careful, he’d just been outsmarted. Dektri was craftier than himself, that was reality.
“Over these six months I want you to train up Sergeant Thelas – as your successor. She’s sufficiently good with the sword is she not?” Damoclus drummed on the desk, one finger rolling after another.
“Certainly I’ll make that my priority...”
“Good... and then she will continue training the remaining men. Once she thinks they are good enough, I would like you to assess them... I want to start large scale training – and raise up at least five divisions of swordsmen by next year.
“That’s really happening?”
“Yes... I mean there’s no doubt it will be a specialist unit, but you have proven that given the right conditions, armoured swordsmen can be twice as effective as a regular guard,” Damoclus gave a wry look, “Of course it may well be to do with the lack of a decent Es’ston sidearm – the point is though, that for now, it works...”
“Well it did seem to work on paper,” Magen admitted.
“And now it has worked in reality!”
“Hmm, I’m not sure if all my remaining men are suited to command though...” Magen mused.
“They won’t have to be! They only need to be able to teach.” Damoclus said ecstatically, “More coffee?”
“No thanks... In that case it should work well,” he referred to the swordsmen.
“I am the Marshal of Recruitment and Training...” Damoclus reminded, almost boastfully. “- They should really build a hot plate into these things.” He tapped the pot.
Magen waved a hand in the air, reclining, “So have you thought about the spy – Atilbe at Mattias likes to call him – in all this?”
“The spy?! Well of course. But you hardly think Dektri is a spy – I know you dislike him – or Grammas, if he’s a spy, he’s a damn good one. As for your swordsmen, well I couldn’t care less if one of them is a spy or saboteur, as long as he can teach. Besides this ‘Atilbe’ won’t have so much as an inch of manoeuvring space once the division is broken. If he knows what’s good for him he’ll have gotten a lift home with the Es’stons!” Damoclus said as if the question had been absurd, “You’ve got to watch out for that paranoia of yours – I assume you don’t suspect anyone in your squad?”
“No, of course not! I’m not quite that paranoid yet! But you will admit that that there is the possibility that he is still with us, and still dangerous...” Magen said seriously, hating to appear the fool.
Damoclus nodded slowly, “Indeed,” he said grimly, “But such is war – there are still Es’stons out there with loaded guns, and generals with plans of conquest, spies and saboteurs with missions to carry out. We just have to act on the knowledge we have, and admit the stark reality, that ‘tomorrow we may die’.” A brief silence ensued, where Damoclus drew up his lower lip and Magen creased his brow as they considered this insight. Damoclus checked the time on his wristlet, “Oh! How time does slip like sand between our fingers! I should have some lunch...”
“I’ve already eaten,” Magen said.
“Very sensible – all the same, I think we’re done here,” Damoclus stood up, “Take the pad there, you can discuss this with your squad...”
“Right,” Magen also stood up. He took the writing pad. He gave it a brief look and froze.
[Meet me at Café Estempoire, we have to talk in private.] It declared. Now what was this about? The spy? Life never was simple.
“I hope you find something to do this afternoon...” Damoclus gave the pad a meaningful look.
“Yes, I’m thinking of touring the city...” Magen gave a slightly annoyed look, “I’ll see you l... some time...” He shook Damoclus hand.
“I wish you fortune,” Damoclus gave his blessing.
Magen was just about to open the door when he remembered Tania. Tania the recently orphaned, whom they had all adopted on a whim.
“Oh! Ah, Damoclus?” he turned back allowing the gale to blow out and create a draft in the secretary’s office.
“Yes?” He looked up from his desk where he seemed to be tidying the coffee.
“What do – um soldiers with children do?”
Damoclus furrowed his brow, “I do hope no-one has…”
“No, no not like that,” Magen said quickly, seeing the likely conclusion as to the source of this question, “It’s just today we -er, sort of took in an orphaned girl...”
“Oh, how, er... charitable,” Damoclus said uneasily, “Well, um, normally they’re left at home – but I suppose that’s not possible...”
“So, er, soldiers aren’t meant to have children?” Magen surmised.
“No... but it’s perfectly okay for officers!” Damoclus realised, “Just get her officially registered, and yourself or whoever as her guardian. Officers on battlecruisers often have to spend prolonged periods off-world. According to some studies, I believe, it’s better for moral if they have their families with them,” he felt explanation was needed.
“It’s okay then?”
“That does depend on your point of view...” he replied noncommittally, “I hope you get on well with parenting – what age is she?”
“I don’t really know, maybe seven?”
“Ah... well goodbye. I’m sure you don’t want to dawdle and waste half your free afternoon talking to me.”
“No – I’m sure...” Magen waved and left.

Chapter 19: The Sword of Damoclus
“Look like the innocent flower but be the serpent under’t...” 
-Macbeth by William Shakespeare

In the kitchen the brothers and Slick had bemusedly noted that the cleaning robot had gotten stuck. The warning light mounted above the cooker flashed its message. When it stopped they assumed that somehow it had freed itself, or perhaps Saar’ha had freed it. Then the fault light flashed – so in its efforts, they presumed, it must have damaged itself. Maybe it had loosened one of its system boards, or a dodgy connector.
Those overly complicated household robots were always needing maintenance. The repair companies had some racket going. It was still quite impossible to program in common sense. It was only through vast shape and texture recognition libraries that the robot could tell the difference between diamonds being spilt on the floor and say... peanuts.
Finally the crash of the vase reached them, and finally, they were reminded that they were supposed to be watching over Tania. Horrors ran through their minds – surely not the all-important AstroCom console!
Ogher was the first out of his seat, having perhaps the lowest opinion of the rescued Es’ston – expecting the worst and as a result being the most irate. He dashed out the kitchen door – rapidly followed by the others.
“Tania! What do you think you’re doing?” Ogher roared, seeing the mess of glass, cut flowers and gooey globs of plant nutrient.
“It, it was an accident,” Tania whimpering very convincingly. In fact she was quite terrified of Ogher.
“Ogher calm down,” Elshan soothed, “I’m sure she was just trying to get a closer look...”
Saar’ha appeared in the bathroom door, immediately her eyes narrowed with suspicion.
“What’s going on?” she demanded from Tania.
“Tania just knocked over a vase – that’s all. I’ll get the clean-up bot out...” Ariot explained, remembering the fault light.
“And you were watching her?” Saar’ha interrogated.
The brothers exchanged guilty looks.
“We had an eye – er – ear on her...” Ariot said shamefully, once again failing abysmally in the whole department of untruth.
“The clean-up bot’s broken...” Elshan declared also remembering the fault light.
“It is?” Saar’ha raised an eyebrow, “How is it in its dock then... I heard it outside the bathroom only moments ago...” She gave Tania a knowing look, the truth would soon be apparent. She could sense Tania’s anticipation. This was no accident, nor coincidence.
Ogher and Ariot went over to investigate the robot, while Elshan led Tania back to the couch and tried to calm her down, for now she was pouring tears. Saar’ha watched closely.
“So what’s wrong with it?” Saar’ha asked the brothers.
“It won’t start up,” Ariot reported. He hauled the bot out of its cubby hole. The carapace flapped. Ogher whipped it off, knowing well what he would find, a circuit board fell loose on the ground. He went red in the face grabbing up the board he marched for Tania. Such disrespect, he could not stand.
“This...” he bellowed, “Is sabotage!”
“I... I didn’t mean to,” she stuttered, profoundly sincere in her nervousness now, Ogher looked like he might hit her, “I tripped over it – I was running and it got in my way!”
Even Elshan was suspicious now, the robots had been designed to be unobtrusive, it was one of the major desirables. A robot that did its job in the background – without getting underfoot.
“Tania – you should tell the truth now,” he said sternly, while Ogher was suffering minor apoplexy at this blatant fib.
“Truth!” Ogher exclaimed, “The little weevil! She’s done it on purpose!” he turned back on Tania, “How dare you – girl – come into this house, and destroy things – and we looking after you!”
“Ogher, let it go,” Ariot laid a hand on his brother’s shoulder, “It can be fixed...” He held the robot’s carcass in the other hand.
“Well that girl had better learn how to behave if she’s going to stay here very long...” he shook a finger, somewhat deflated. Elshan was giving him a disappointed look – which reminded him that Tania’s mother had just died. He cursed himself finally for hurling himself into a temper, just because everyone was being so unrealistic. He turned and retreated with Slick back into the kitchen.
“There, there Tania. -I’m sorry Ogher got so angry. But you know you must tell the truth – lying will only get you into more trouble,” Elshan reprimanded.
“I’m...” she snivelled dramatically, “I’m sorry...” -and Elshan considered it sincere enough.
Saar’ha gave a deprecating look, “We’ll see Tania...”
Yicle burst in then, cheerfully though huffing under the weight of hundreds of shopping bags -
“Hello everyone!” he chimed, “Did I just miss something?” He noted the serious faces, broken robot and broken vase. “Hmm, Janessa will not be very happy...” he commented.
“It’s all okay now,” Ariot assured.
“Oh good, just as well I missed it then. I don’t suppose one of you big strong lads could get the rest out of the lift?” Yicle struggled in. He dropped himself into a seat and sprawled.
Elshan decided to go.
“Where’s Janessa?” Ariot asked.
“Ah – now there’s a story!” Yicle grinned.
“Really? Do tell...” Ariot encouraged.
“She’s meeting up with Magen – and I’ll tell you, he sounded quite flustered...” Yicle said conspiratorially.
“You don’t suppose...”
“Mmm – hmm,” Yicle nodded.
“So what’s changed that he’d go for it now?” Ariot asked. It had been common knowledge for some time that there was something between Magen and Janessa – Elshan had explained before how Magen would have chosen to deal with things, being quite perspicacious in such matters.
“Well, Ariot, I don’t suppose you know – but rumours have had it – and I know it, that Magen has the favour of the High Marshal himself!” Yicle studied his nails.
“He does, does he?” Elshan grunted dumping the bags down.
“Wow!” Ariot was impressed.
Saar’ha at the end of the room, dubiously clearing up the vase remained silent. She knew what this meant.
“Yup,” Yicle replied, “And my guess is, he’s just been promoted!”
“Oh man!”
“And what do you suppose will happen to us –” Saar’ha said darkly.
Yicle waggled a finger, “Ah, now there’s the thing... Magen wasn’t at all specific, or even coherent, but I think there’ll be something in it for us – this isn’t your run of the mill promotion. I mean the High Marshal is actually, personally interested in Magen!”
“So you don’t know any details?” Ariot asked disappointedly.
“No – no, we’ll have to wait for him to come back. I think he might be a while though...”
Ariot gave a slight snort of annoyance at having to wait for the news.
“Perhaps we should start organising a celebration for tonight!” Elshan suggested brightly.
“What! I’m not going out shopping again!” Yicle complained, “Besides...” he said more discreetly, “There’s Tania to consider.”
“In the meantime, whatever happens, I’m going to fix this robot,” Ariot looked down at the sad thing, “Tania, would you like to help me?”
She brightened up, her plan had reflected worse on her than Saar’ha in the end, and she’d just begun to feel a bit inappropriate, “Can I?”
“Sure, it shouldn’t be too difficult, just like a 3d jigsaw,” Ariot had an idea that Tania would make an excellent engineer, and moreover the best way to discourage destructive tendencies was to encourage constructive ones – he’d heard that somewhere.

*	*	*	*	*
Magen walked briskly along the street, one foot following another, scuffing the dusty ground. He was following the route to Café Estempoire as laid out by AstroMaps – he was wholly unfamiliar with it of course. He pondered his purpose. What was all this about? Damoclus had something to say to him, private enough that he was worried about being overheard. Was his office bugged? Well, probably, if he had been with the Department of Internal Investigations he would have all the offices bugged...
He glanced nervously behind him, feeling suddenly quite like a deviant, guilty and in conflict with authority. He genuinely felt that he surely must be ‘up to no good’. Secret meetings and messages – why else need someone avoid bugging. Only if they had something to hide, something, disruptive. - Was he being followed? Surely he was not that important... Then maybe in the past few days he had become so, simply by his proximity to the High Marshal. He didn’t like that at all.
Turning the corner in the direction indicated by his wristlet, he saw that it was in error, the way was blocked. Blocked by a crowd jammed into the middle of the street. What was going on? A fight – he perceived as he drew nearer. The crowd must have swarmed out from the nearby bar to observe the spectacle. He considered going another way.
He stalled on the verge of retreat. Wait! Was that Grammas throwing the punches – and – curse it! One of his swordsmen! Sergeant Katsul no less! He fumed, then steeling himself rushed into the mob batting aside the bystanders by the authority of his Centurion’s rank. He met heavy resistance then towards the inner, the crowd were too focused on the brawl to recognise the figure of authority feebly trying to make his way through. Magen elbowed forward minutely, then he felt a hand grasp his arm and pull.
“This way,” A voice said.
Magen struggled, he was in no mood to be trifled with. He was very much bent on disciplining his soldier. Who was this that seemed to think he could order him about... An Investigator? He stiffened, sensing the touch of a pistols muzzle at his back.
“Just follow me, don’t resist...” the voice threatened through gritted teeth, sounding desperate that the manoeuvre should be executed.
Magen had no weapon on him, only his mind. He chose not to use it, not unless he was sure his life was in danger. He’d already killed a dog this afternoon, and was aware of the danger of getting too used to such a reaction. The pair shuffled back through the crowd. The entity that had captured him, he saw, wore a wide brimmed hat that hid his features, making him unidentifiable, and even sinister.
He was shoved through a doorway. He tumbled into the darkened room – the midday sun, just hitting its zenith, was blotted out the windows shuttered. The room was cool, prepared for an afternoon siesta. The last shreds of light were shut out as the door slammed behind him.
Magen spun round, “Who are you? And what do you want?!” he insisted. His hand found the back spar of a wooden chair, he was in someone’s dining room.
The sinister man reached a hand to his hat. Magen saw his moment, he had lowered his gun – act first, questions later, he decided... He swung the chair, the man cried out and ducked – he missed. Magen dropped to the ground instantly and rolled, expecting the viper to fire. What next? The man did not fire...
Magen glared at him fiercely – clearly he was too important a game to risk injury. He might tackle him, but then the sinister man’s preservation instincts might kick in, or he might chance his stance on lethal force. How he wished he had his sword!
The man laughed, deep and mirthful, as if nothing were amiss, he still crouched. The chair itself lay in wreckage beside him, dashed to pieces on the door jamb. Clearly he was gloating, Magen thought, over this futile attempt, and Magen’s own powerlessness. He was in his power, he still held the gun. Magen grunted and stood up, facing him menacingly.
“Magen!” cried he suddenly then, in a remarkably familiar voice, “It’s me.” He lifted his hat.
Magen gasped and stumbled back in terror. The face that greeted him was his own! What in the heavens was going on?! After a moment of intense confusion he collected himself, straightening up. There had to be an explanation...
“Don’t you recognise me?” the man smiled.
“Yeah – you’re me...” Magen puzzled.
“Not quite – take a closer look...”
“Mattias?” Magen finally placed the voice and accent, a closer inspection revealed discrepancies, and some familiar features.
“Exactly... now we’d better get a move on...” he pulled off the lightweight coat he was wearing, more of a robe really. It had hidden his uniform that identified him as Magen.
“What’s this about?” Magen took the coat and hat he was handed.
“I don’t think I’ve time to explain – I have your directions to the meeting house here. When you’re done – make your way over to the Café Estempoire. I’ll be there to make the swap back in the bathroom. Don’t show your face though,” Mattias warned pointing to the hat. He passed over a piece of paper with a crude map scrawled out on it.
“To shake off the men following me?” Magen surmised.
“If there are any – yes. Now I’d better go before Grammas and Katsul get arrested -“
“Or beat themselves to death – I’ll wear these then?” Magen put on the hat, feeling quite silly.
“Right –” Mattias nodded and darted off.
Magen pulled on the coat. Lightweight though it was, it was far too hot. He read through the directions then. It seemed he was not the only one in Damoclus employ... How did he communicate? Those papers... He shook his head, what was he mixed up in. He felt ill... Perhaps if he had never been Swordmaster of Gahon, never been a sergeant even.
He made his way out the rear door of the building and then through the narrow back streets. It was not long before he arrived at the ‘safe’ house. It was an old abandoned apartment building, it seemed to Magen. The exterior had been kept in near mint condition for the looks of Solara. This was an upmarket area, and as such a few building that just couldn’t warrant the asking price remained vacant and abandoned. The interior had been pretty much gutted tough, Magen discovered once he stepped inside.
He came in through the back door into what seemed to be a kind of kitchen or store room. He passed through into the main entrance hall, curious. An old and grand banister rail hung eerily before him spiralling away. The stair themselves had either rotted away or been cleared out. Cement dust lay thick everywhere, the floor had no clothing and the sealant had obviously deteriorated. Coloured light trickled and tinkled brightly around him, dancing heavenly and ecclesiastic, it fell from ornate stained glass windows high above the entrance. The place was utterly empty though – Magen saw no sign of Damoclus.
He wandered about the ancient carcass, uncertain, and slight impatient. Indeed he had left before Damoclus, who no doubt had his own shadows to cast off. Still, what if the high Marshal found out about this meeting – perhaps it would be better if he did. He would distrust Magen. Cancel all the plans he had made, and Magen could embrace insignificance – and powerlessness.
Yet that thought terrified him really, he did not wish to be powerless. And that was worse, he wanted it, he wanted to be able to direct the fates of men. He wanted it to do some good, as he had wanted to protect the division from the ‘tyranny’ of Dektri. The dream, it was clear in his mind still – and this was exactly what the Evil being had tempted him with. Yet he could not sit back and allow to world to continue on its ruinous course, if he could at least, lessen the disaster.
Magen peered into the lounge, or what had been a common room. That seemed to suggest this place had once been a hostel, or hotel – not as he had first thought, judged by the rear view, apartments. He pushed open the door wide – its creaking echoed down the passageway and up the remnants of the stairwell.
The centre of the room was occupied by an object which unsurprisingly first caught Magen’s eye. It was an odd kind of table quite dilapidated, built of dark wood and coated in a green kind of felt. In each corner there was a hole, and also in the middle of each of the long edges. Magen felt along the rim. This table had some special purpose. He walked around to the head. Some kind of game for entertainment.
Perhaps he should simply reject promotion... and yet he felt he could not. Had the evil being just been trying to frighten him away from leadership? Surely it was not inevitable that he would become a tyrant, or an arrogant fool that considered himself as the best judge of right and wrong? He already knew he could not fix everything, as the being had suggested, but surely there was a lot he could fix. -It was not as if he was being given the whole of Seatus either...
A footstep fell, he heard, and then another. Was it Damoclus? What if the high Marshal had foiled him – what if he was trapped – an agent provocateur. Paranoia struck for an instant, then Damoclus swept in.
“Oh, I thought I heard something,” he remarked, “I thought I would be here first, apologies for the wait.”
Magen released his stiffened grip on the table, “Yes, though I thought we were meeting at the Café Estempoire!”
“I had to be sure of the route you would take...” Damoclus explained, he unclipped the cape he carried on his shoulders, and removed the hat that hid his face. He dropped both on a dusty old armchair.
“Damoclus, what the heck is all this ‘cloak and dagger’ stuff about?!” Magen exploded suddenly.
“Oh I do hope Mattias wasn’t too rough,” he seemed quite concerned.
“No, not really... Damoclus I must tell you I don’t want to be part of a conspiracy!” Magen stressed.
“Conspiracy, oh, dear me no! I should hope not, always terribly messy, that would look very bad,” Damoclus smiled magnanimously.
“Well what’s this about then?”
“This is merely a private discussion – I wouldn’t go for conspiracy at all, you’d get caught far too easily,” Damoclus advised. He stroked the edge of the table in like manner to Magen. Felt had to be felt.
“And what are we discussing then?” Magen narrowed his eyes.
“The High Marshal and your career – nothing more...”
“Ah! I knew it! - And what about Mattias, Grammas, and Katsul? I suppose they just happened to be about?” Magen accused, raising a finger.
“Don’t be so alarmed – it’s no easy task to organise privacy in Solara...” Damoclus waved a hand, “Anyway I don’t really care what you want to call it. We’re here now, and we’re going to talk.” There was a hint of annoyance in his voice, “We won’t get the chance again, I don’t doubt.”
Magen pondered on this, he could well have been right. What call would they two have to meet when he was in a battlecruiser and Damoclus on Seatus? He may as well hear what he had to say, he was after all here already. - And up to his neck in it, whatever ‘it’ was.
“How is it that Mattias is so good at disguise?” Magen asked suddenly, embracing his curiosity. He did want to know all about this, especially after all those conversations he had already had with Damoclus. This felt like the culmination, that mystery he had always felt present, dangling in the air of their words. It never struck him that simply hearing such stuff could be fatal.
“Mattias? Well he did field training with the Department of Internal Investigations – he also happens to have a very similar bone structure to you,” Damoclus shook his head, “No, he’s not with them still, he never qualified...”
“And you still say there is no conspiracy?”
“No-one is conspiring to do anything – what there is,” Damoclus paced, “Is a bunch of disgruntled and grumpy Marshals, and a number of other people who are not on the best of terms with the High Marshal. -There are no secret meetings – and very few secret discussions...”
“So you are in opposition to the High Marshal?” Magen pursued.
“The whole of Seatus knows that!” Damoclus guffawed.
“I mean you’re planning his demise...” Magen rephrased.
Damoclus gave a dark look, “I’m not precisely planning anything Magen, I’m not an assassin... I don’t really care whether the High Marshal lives or dies – I do care about his actions though, and the ending of this war...”
“So we’re back to square one again, what is this about?” Magen asked again.
“I must say I never realised you had interrogative skills, something I overlooked in your personality tests... I answered that already by the way,” Damoclus smirked to himself, “Have you ever played ‘Collisions’?” he tapped the table after a brief silence.
Magen deflated, “No – what is it?”
“A game of course. Each player has a set of coloured balls, and there is one black ball. You hit the black with a stick,” Damoclus looked around but was disappointed, he could not find one.
“And the object?”
“You must attempt to prevent the other player potting your balls -there’s some strategy involved, as well as mechanics and trigonometry – Oh yes, and you’re not allowed to hit your own balls,” he explained.
“How does it end?”
“When you’ve potted all the opposing player’s balls of course!”
“And how does all this relate?”
Damoclus shrugged, “It doesn’t – I just thought you might like the game, and you seemed interested in it.”
Sometimes Damoclus could be very infuriating. Magen clenched his jaw briefly. He was beating about the bush, stalling, maybe he was uncertain whether he wished to tell Magen what it was he wanted to tell. Maybe Magen’s reluctance to be a conspirator.
“Perhaps we should discuss the High Marshal and my career now,” Magen suggested.
“Indeed,” Damoclus dumped himself down on another of the armchairs that lined the walls. A cloud of dust rose up, he gave a few coughs and waved it away. “What do you think about the High Marshal?”
“Should I think about the High Marshal?” Magen challenged.
Damoclus shrugged, “It hardly matters, the point is that you do -“
“Well –” Magen paused, it was a very general question. There were a number of things that had stood out in his encounters with the High Marshal though, “Okay then – I think he’s maybe a bit eccentric on occasion. Otherwise he seems and excellent leader; charismatic, intelligent, realistic and prepared to make difficult decisions...” Magen said quite reservedly.
“Yes, he was a good leader – still is at times, and in some ways,” Damoclus scratched his beard, “So why, do you think, Dektri is a bad leader, and the High Marshal a good one?”
“Well Dektri only cares about himself really -“
“...And really the High Marshal cares about no-one, except for this rather ambiguous ‘Seatus’ and even ‘Solara’...” Damoclus followed.
“How do you know this – don’t those things imply caring about people?” Magen was reminded of the name the High Marshal had given himself as they parted. He was the definer of what Seatus was... the God of Seatus. Was that not the truth?
“Maybe – but I suspect in the end, they do not. To begin with ‘Seatus’ does not include Es’stus...”
“Are the Es’stons not our enemies?” Magen said.
“You know that’s not true – at least not entirely,” Damoclus snapped back.
“Why are you trying to convince me that the High Marshal is ‘bad’?” Magen changed tack.
“Bad? Bad!” Damoclus launched out of his seat, quite agitated, “Magen, why are you playing the idiot? He’s not merely ‘bad’, he is insane!” He had really believed that Magen, after all their talks, could have recognised this in an instant.
“I didn’t get that impression when I talked with him...” Magen said dully.
“No? No – perhaps not, he’s good with words and it is even quite clear in his mind...” Damoclus drummed the table, Magen had never seen him so irritated, “But it is madness. I suppose he told you he blew up Pelnias,” Damoclus guessed.
“Yes, and I believe that may have saved lives of thousands of Terranchi soldiers...” Magen replied.
Damoclus grimaced, what wonderful words the High Marshal must have had, “Okay, let’s assume it is that simple then, hmm?” Damoclus advanced a step, “In this action, the High Marshal annihilated the Es’stons force encamped there – fine, he would have done the same anyway, except with the blood of Terranchi...”
“That is more or less how he put it...”
“I’m sure, but let’s look at it again – what if in its place we simply pitch the entire Es’ston Military force versus the blood of Seatons? Instead of Pelnias – Es’stus. What now? What’s the difference!” Damoclus demanded raising his voice slightly. He pinched his forefinger and thumb together.
“Well, there is a difference – that is a lot more people...”
“Yet the end would be the same! Millions of Seaton lives saved, and the war ended. With the simple flick of a switch, the war is over. Did he ever mention anything about Es’stons in his dreams and visions!” Damoclus spat.
“I... I don’t recall...” Magen eyed Damoclus warily.
“It’s because they weren’t there Magen – they weren’t there!” Damoclus cried, “Now tell me he is a sane man?! Cru’athor knows I have no great love for the Es’stons – but total insurrection?”
Magen shifted uneasily, “I have to say – he seemed more sane than you do now...”
Damoclus straightened, rearranged himself in a dignified fashion, “Quite right... I apologise but do you see now?”
“I’m beginning to,” Magen confessed, it was quite a horrific jump to make. Was the High Marshal truly bent on this genocide? “Do you think he could really do it? How could he anyway? There is no such weapon. You would need billions of times the explosive force that destroyed Pelnias...”
“I don’t really know if he would go through with it, but it is certainly his intention...” Damoclus explained, “Do you know how Pelnias was blown up?”
“I heard mention of pure-fusion... or anti-matter,” Magen replied evenly.
“I didn’t realise that was common knowledge – it was anti-matter bombs...” he revealed.
“I see... but you couldn’t wipe out an entire planet with that. Ogher mentioned that it was very difficult to create anti-matter, and you told me already that missiles couldn’t get near Es’stus.
Damoclus sat down again wearily, he looked up at a dusty corner of the ceiling, occupied only by spiders and their webs, “I did tell you that there were two battlecruisers in construction...”
“Well yes, but I’m still in the dark as to how this applies...” Magen admitted. He circled round the table to the side opposite Damoclus.
“Their names will be the Destroyer, and Exortus II – what do you suppose the significance of that is?” Damoclus gave a quizzical look.
“In some way then, they can deliver this planet destroying capacity. -God of the End, and, well, destroyer...” Magen concluded. Some of the details of the conversation they had had on the train to Kalhar came back to him, this they had touched on – yet he had failed to make any connection...
“Yes! You see, both ships will be equipped with a massive antimatter ray – twelve fusion generators will power it and the containment field. It might take months to power up enough to annihilate the Es’stons – but it could do it. All it would need -so I’m told- is enough power to set off a chain reaction in Es’stus’ atmosphere, which would cause its collapse and leave the planet barren and worthless. - If you don’t believe me, ask Ariot, I’m sure he’d be able to explain in precise detail – goodness, he could probably even design it!”
“...And he wants me to captain it!” It finally dawned on Magen.
“Exactly!” Damoclus leapt up with such vigour that Magen fell back into the remains of a chair behind him, “Why do you think he wants some rookie -no offence- to command what is in essence, the ship most important to him! Why do you think he told you what he’d done?!” He shook his fists before him, held up as if doing a bicep curl.
“Oh damn.” Was all Magen could say. He felt really ill now. “He wants a button pusher – and I’m it...” He ran a hand through his hair anxiously. Damoclus was all too pleased. “He was testing me! But... why would he believe me, why not assume that I was under your influence – they do call me Damoclus’ Sword...”
“He is an arrogant man Magen. He could easily assume his words were better than mine, which in fact they may even have been. But he has to factor in your own moral conscience, and existence. Why would he believe a twenty-two year old could possibly have his own mind and own ideal? He has over ten times your experience, he wouldn’t believe that one who had experienced so little of the world could have so much to say about it,” Damoclus explicated, glowing now that Magen knew the truth, “At least I think that is his thinking – I could be wrong.
“- To him you are like putty, putty to be moulded to his cause or design. He thinks he can win you over because once he separates you from me -which he will do- there will only be one set of hands at work, his...”
Magen stood up again, swinging his hand down from his forehead where it had rested rubbed his aching brain.
“I won’t be part of this! No – I’m going to pull out of these sword lessons, I won’t accept the promotion. I’m going back to fight in Terranch. I want nothing more to do with this madman...” he shook his head pacing over to the window at the front of the room. It had become coated in dirt and the view offered was dismal and faint.
Damoclus said nothing for a while, Magen could sense his dismay. This was not what he wanted – he was obviously thinking on it, or stilling himself, to choose appropriate words.
“No Magen, you will not do that,” he said sternly. He walked up alongside him and laid a hand on his shoulder. He looked firmly at Magen’s stony face, “You see Magen, I know that of all people – you will never press that button. Are you really prepared to let someone else – who will – take your place? I know that you are not...
“You will continue with those training lessons Magen – and you will take this promotion. I think you will still make an excellent captain – but that aside you will do your best to keep in with the High Marshal. Magen you must leave behind what you believe, though not truly. You must agree with the High Marshal – be of one mind... No do not compromise your actions unless you must, but you must seem to be that putty that he is looking for...
“He’s desperate for loyalty Magen,” Damoclus stressed, still Magen was as a statue, “He has less than half the Marshals fully behind him. He will accept you, and even believe you are just the man he was looking for...” He delivered this speech with all the vigour he could muster – this was not a time for quailing hearts.
Magen’s mouth was dry, dry as an acrid and lonely desert. He hated Damoclus certainty. What he was asking – yet he could not refuse, he could not fail!
“Damoclus,” he began hoarsely, “I have lived lies all my life, I’d had hoped to escape that...”
“But you can’t,” Damoclus said shortly, “And that makes you perfect for this, very few can live a lie...”
“Yet, I’ve always been myself before...”
“It isn’t as difficult as you imagine – but keep your friends close. They will remember who you are and keep you sound...” Damoclus reassured.
“What is this going to achieve Damoclus? It’s not going to stop the war – and when he discovers I won’t press that button...” Magen rallied trying to reason his way out.
“I hope you will avert a great tragedy when that day comes, perhaps you will destroy the ship, or flee with it, that will be up to you and the circumstances at the time. - And no, I haven’t made a miracle happen. I don’t know how the war must end, but this can’t be it...” Damoclus replied.
“You’re asking me to be a spy Damoclus... And yet you say there is no conspiracy – what are you scheming?” Magen demanded. “Why not just assassinate the High Marshal?” He saw that there must be more to it than simply preventing a button press – if even he could achieve that.
“Shh! Don’t talk so foolishly – I am not an assassin, and besides, that would possibly tear Seatus apart. I don’t want that. There has to be a successor, if it is to happen it must be smoothly.” Damoclus’ seemed genuinely shocked at this suggestion, “- There is no conspiracy, after this day we will never speak of the again. I have no schemes Magen,” Damoclus continued flatly, “All I do is put people in places that they are suited to – that is my job. You see Magen, I know people, I understand what they’re good at, and what kinds of choices they will make...”
“You planned this all along!” Magen realised in a flash of brilliant revelation, “The moment you discovered that I was a North Ice-Islander, you knew that would attract the High Marshal’s attention!” Magen snapped his fingers, “And you removed my security class rating so that you would have to explain to him who I was – and so that he would believe you.” He turned on Damoclus who was putting on a meek innocent face, just like a child when their mischievous activities have been discovered, “That grandiose title as well ‘Swordmaster of Gahon’,” Magen scoffed, “Were you involved in organising that we would be posted within Anchrike?”
“Mmm,” Damoclus seemed to admit.
“But there’s so much you couldn’t have known...”
“I put people in places, I don’t make things happen...” Damoclus excused, “But I did know the High Marshal was likely to take to you – eventually.” His eye twinkled.
Magen pondered all this for a moment. Damoclus had done his best to forge him a career, and it seemed, through chance, he had succeeded. Magen did not believe in chance – surely then, something good must come of this. But Damoclus! He had manipulated him from the very beginning! He’d always known it though, really. He was right of course, this was the place he had to be...
It didn’t end there though, did it? It was Damoclus’ job. He’d been putting people in places for decades. Okay, his job was to stop a button being pressed, but what of others – Dektri, Grammas, and Mattias. Magen knew the end Damoclus wanted – what had he said – he didn’t believe it would happen with this High Marshal. He was right, it couldn’t. This left Damoclus with only one short term objective... he had ruled out assassination.
“You’re building a revolution!” Magen cried suddenly.
“Shh!” Damoclus seemed full of mirth, “Don’t let the High Marshal know...”
“But surely he does know?”
“No, he knows he’s got some very high quality officers about. He also knows I put them there – and he is aware of the ill feeling towards him, for the most part. I doubt he expects revolution – because there is none planned. Discontent is not the same as disloyalty. Remember Magen, I don’t make things happen... I merely put people in places,” he dragged his hand through the air in a vague way.
Magen drew a deep breath, “I just wonder how you can undertake such a task, to instigate revolution...” He wasn’t even sure it was right. He had been brought up to respect the establishment, the Oisla – not to bring it down. He had hated the Oisla, thought them fools, but he had never considered action against them. Although it did seem Damoclus was not entirely satisfied with this notion either, which spawned his roundabout manner and insidious plot.
“You know Magen, the worst of all reformers are perhaps those who believe themselves to be the hand of the divine,” Damoclus said dourly, “The irony is, that the best reformers are probably the ones that really are.
“- You think you are the hand of Cru’athor?!” Magen spluttered.
“Oh I dearly hope so! Otherwise what is all this about? I am just helping enforce the mob rule, or my own tyranny – after all who am I to decide what is right and wrong? Why should I seek to instate either; mere constructs of my own instinct or the voice of the mob. Why should I risk my life for that! Why should I worry about thousands of people I will never see or know?! I say to pot with it! If that’s all it is! There’s no prerogative to say I must obey my instinct or the cries of the mob. Maybe it is all my own folly,” he touched the burn on his cheek, “Or maybe I have been put in place, and inspired!”
Magen could not reply to that admission. It was too grand, egocentric and weird for him. Could he say the same for his role? Did he wish to? Was Damoclus as mad as the High Marshal, or the most sane man he had yet met – either way he was overcome.
“I’ll be putty then,” Magen decided finally, “And I hope that this war ends, and ends well.”
“I’m glad, I can take my leave now – we will not speak again, except on formal terms...” he hurried about, swinging his cape over his shoulders and affixing the hat firmly on his head. “I wish you well, I trust you will succeed in your role,” he clapped Magen on the shoulder.
“Goodbye.” Magen said sadly as Damoclus departed from his life. He felt the lurch of loss, all those conversations they had had, he knew, in a way would never happen again. His mentor had finally left him. He was on his own. Who now could he turn to for advice and truth? He could sense a phase in his life had passed, and he was now entering something new and bewildering.
He lingered in the dust for a moment, in the vacant building. He felt somewhat distraught at Damoclus’ sudden departure. He had just been waiting to hear Magen’s consent. That was all he had rushed across from Jahiro for. Was he himself at all significant to him, or just a tool. He was at a loss. But the future seemed clear. He would be captain, he did not believe for an instant the assessments would be a challenge.
He shook himself, there was yet one good thing in all this to hold on to. He smiled. The reasons he and Janessa had stayed apart, no longer were – he must find her, and speak with her. He forgot all his worries in an instant and joy danced in his eyes. He had a much more immediate mission at hand.

*	*	*	*	*
“Magen, we shouldn’t be meeting like this...” Janessa breathed out, turning her head slightly as Magen drew up beside her. He was winded from the trek up the pyramid-like temple – Janessa could tell something was different. There was an energy and vigour about Magen she had never really seen before. It was as if the dams to the reservoir of Magen’s soul had burst forth – it was himself seeping out, as if she could truly see him. “- Yicle knows now, he’s bound to talk...” she reprimanded, she played with her fingers, twisting at the index.
What she wished to say now, would surely dash him to pieces. Here he was standing before her with his very being exposed to her. She knew the feeling, that was how she had felt and been back on those rocks in Gahon. Oh! How she regretted that now! Her foolish romanticism had got the better of her.
Magen gulped the air, desperate to speak, but struggling to voice words and explain. He felt so jubilant, unreserved, “It – doesn’t matter now!” he smiled, eyes a glimmer.
“Why – what’s happened?!” It did not matter she had made up her mind – finally.
“All changed – it’s all changed totally! I’m not your sergeant anymore!” he hoped the significance was not lost.
“How... how come?”
“...Damoclus... and the High Marshal,” he rushed out, “I’ve been promoted – a five year commission, and I’ll be the captain of a Battlecruiser!”
“That’s brilliant Magen...” she said noncommittally, hoping a certain reserve would calm him down, give some indication of her feelings.
He paced violently in a tiny circle drifting away and back, “Why? Why Janessa – don’t you see what this means?! There’s a position for you too – a chance to be a fully qualified doctor on a Battlecruiser!” he shook his hands emphatically. He held himself back from hugging Janessa in his ecstatic delight. He had sensed that reluctance. He was open, heart on his sleeve. Janessa was not receptive – otherwise he would have felt that tug...
“But – Magen, this is great news for you, I’m sure – to be captain of a warship,” she wrung her hands, “Magen, I want out!” she cried abruptly, “I don’t want to fight this war... I don’t believe in it, I don’t believe it achieves anything!”
Magen felt a tremor of panic course though him, “You’ll be on the hospital staff,” he pleaded, “You won’t have to fight at all, just helping people get better – is that not what you want to do?”
“- Healing soldiers, just to send them back into battle? I’m not sure... I’m not sure I can keep doing that.” She looked distantly at the horizon, as if dreaming of some better place, some better future. “Besides Magen, I just got home; there’s my mother, she hasn’t got much more to go...”
Magen’s mind raced, he could feel her slipping away – but why? – and how? “There’ll be six months training here in Solara first... you can bring family on to a Battlecruiser too. Tania will be able to come with us, if we can’t find another solution...” he explained.
“Bring family into a warzone, the front lines?? Have you any care?” Janessa scorned.
“Well, what else are you going to do?” Magen puzzled with a hint of indignation and scepticism, “- If you don’t take the contract you’ll have to stay in the Seaton Guard, even go back to Terranch!” Not that it hadn’t been Magen’s strongest compulsions a few hours before. Terranch was some kind of home to him.
Janessa sighed, “I’ve had another offer...”
“Oh?” Magen stiffened slightly.
“A job in Solara...” She breathed a prayer of thanks, finally he was drawing back into himself and shutting up. The delight was gone. With a pang, she realised that she was killing it – yet still it had to be done.
“How, how does that work? What about your contract with the Seaton Guard?” he reminded.
“There are ways round that... Concessions for medical personnel...” she elaborated.
“I didn’t know that...” he said quietly, it seemed he was defeated, “What kind of job?”
Janessa paused, she knew what the response would be to this; “It’s a nursing position in Solara Quarter 3 General...” she said sullenly.
“Nursing!” Magen exploded. He had been waiting to, feeling now frustrated and confounded, “Nursing!” he gesticulated, “But you’re being offered a prestigious position as a doctor on a Battlecruiser!” he protested.
“Don’t shout at me Magen!” she snapped.
“Sorry, sorry – I really didn’t mean to,” he apologised; perhaps he had just put the nail in the coffin.
“...I don’t want to leave Solara again, and I don’t want to serve the military any more – there’s my mother to look after too... Five years Magen - five years in space...” she shook her head, re-emphasising her objections.
Magen couldn’t reply. He wanted her to be with him, almost desperately. Suddenly his new career was looking so lonely and hollow. He would just end up an empty spy of Damoclus’. He needed somewhere, somewhere where he could just be himself – be honest. Otherwise, he felt sure, he would lose himself. He hoped he could offer the same solace for Janessa – it seemed not – but why, why now was she no longer interested. What had that poem been – nothing but wistful romance. Even it if was just that, could they not make something of it?
“There’s something else - isn’t there...” Magen said darkly – someone else, or was it... could it be... simply their different, and incompatible views on war?
Janessa turned away, almost ashamedly, agitatedly. She stood still for a moment, against the backdrop of the ravaged city. The wind whisked her light, white hair dreamily, aimlessly. Her eyes retreated to a distance, empty, holding nothing for Magen.
She walked away, saying not another word. Yet she could not leave, so she leaned on one of the fluted pillars that held up the roof of the ‘hall of the gods’. She gazed remotely upon the masses, bowed in prayer to the shrines of their gods. 
In the rapture of religion; mysterious that it might still hold its charms in an age of science and reason, where all had been conquered by the thoughts and experiments of engineers and scientists. But – when you looked at that simple mathematical equation, that described the creation of energy, and all its interactions, the unified theory of everything – you could see why the Solarans had rebuilt the temple of mysticism.
Ignorance – no – the Solarans had never denied the mathematicians correctness. It was only that the equation in all its wonder, its sublime symmetry and succinctness could not even attempt to answer the simplest of human perplexities. It described the entire universe, yet said nothing about it.
The temple itself -testament to the numinous, the questions engrained in men’s hearts- took the form of a towering stepped pyramid, on the top of which lay a long plateau. Here built - the hall of the gods; Solarus, Infernus, Exortus – any deity previously recorded, and remembered by history or believers had a place. Not all had many believers, what was the point of a god that afforded you nothing, that gave no satisfaction – luck and love were highly popular.
Magen might have said what was the point in a god that gave no deeper meaning – it was not so important to have love, as to know love had justification, that it was not mere survival instinct, but fundamental, over-riding, unbreakable, eternal. Cru’athor was just that, Magen said He had created the world in love – and this being’s greatest command, was to love. So Janessa had chosen to believe in the same god as Magen... She doubted then; in comparison to that, pacifism seemed so remote – their differing views so unimportant...
She would not have it! She had made her decision... Oh! How she hoped now that he would just leave – and yet at the same time she knew she herself could not. What was in that, had she not chosen to abandon him?
Magen bit his lip. He should leave now, he thought, and abandon this foolishness. Her feelings were clear. She did not want to be with him, she wanted to go her own way. Or did she simply think he was not the one for her – because he was not a pacifist...
He should leave, and embarrass her no more. It would be tough enough when they re-joined the rest, with Yicle rumour-mongering. He spun around and took two bold steps. He jerked to a halt on the second, it was as if blocked by an invisible wall. He knew he must be the jester then a little longer.
He had felt it. Down by the sea that time, they had touched, not just physically, and rather more particularly, in mind and soul. At least so it seemed, without getting too mystical. He knew he could not leave, not without a fight. He never had fought for a woman before. He hadn’t to try and win Janessa back by the sea at Gahon… Well he would try to do it now!
Magen advanced, swinging round the other side of the pillar. He came to face her.
“Janessa, I want you to be part of my life!” he declared again revealing his soul. The flames leaped in his eyes.
“Oh!” she let out, frustrated that he had not gone, and further by her own feelings, she felt her heart lurch for a moment before she could lay it low again by the dominion of the mind. “It won’t work Magen,” she let out bluntly, wishing he wouldn’t pester her.
“Why is that Janessa? Is it because we don’t agree about how to react to a war – politics?” he was prepared, deliberately attempting to separate the issue from them.
“It’s not just politics Magen, it’s about life too...” she stressed.
Magen let himself down the steps so that she had to look down on him, and him up at her.
“I value that too, is it really so important the form it takes -“
“I know you do – but I still don’t agree. I still think you’re wrong – don’t you see, we are quite incompatible. It would never work...” Janessa folded her arms, leaning her head dolefully towards the pillar.
“I can’t see that it will ever work then – with anyone... you’ll never find someone who agrees in everything with you – is this really so important as to divide us?” Magen argued.
“I’ve thought about this Magen – I think it is, or paths can’t be the same...” she frowned.
“Do you remember those weeks I was in the hospital, when I first arrived – and how we talked then? Or when you showed me around Gahon base, or when we went shopping together in the town of Gahon, when we spoke of my dreams after being shot? When we danced the night of the graduation? – Was this important then?” Magen demanded.
“No... but sooner or later a situation will arise where –”
“– But that’s good Janessa! I’m not interested in loving a mirror of myself. Yes we’ll argue, and debate, then you’ll do what you think is right, and I’ll do what I think is right – or maybe even one of us will change their minds, or choose to accommodate the other...” Magen said with bright vigour.
“So what is important then, Magen? If we aren’t to agree on such things based on compatible viewpoints...” Janessa challenged wryly.
Magen pinched his fingers and paced, “Do you remember when you said that poem to me by the sea in Gahon?”
Janessa blushed, “Yes – I – er...”
“Well first, there must be that connection – surely that is important...”
“Emotionalism...” Janessa explained cynically.
“You didn’t think that at the time... but it doesn’t matter if that is all that it was – I think we must have it.”
“Sure,” Janessa raised a hand and flicked up a finger, “Next...”
Magen gave a flash of a smile, but he was not out of the woods yet. She was just humouring him, or finding him funny...
“Well, beyond that, I think it is important that we share common experience – that we’ve done things together – maybe we’ve been apart too long... Also we don’t have to have all the same interests or agree on everything – but we must be interested in each other, and so through our differences, and similarities enrich each other...” Magen proposed philosophically, he looked up for her approval.
“Wonderfully reasoned professor,” she said dryly, “But surely by this thesis, you could love almost anyone...”
Magen gave a short laugh, “Probably, if I was perfect! - I think I have limited learning capacity...”
“Well what about Saar’ha then – you could love her,” Janessa shot out.
He had just begun to sniff a whiff of victory. He slumped, ashamedly, Saar’ha was so alike himself, had such similar struggles...
“Perhaps...” he said quietly, honestly, “But I think she and I are perhaps too much alike. We would stagnate, or end up hating each other – ruin each other utterly, I think...” It would be like embracing everything that was wrong in his character.
Janessa looked at him curiously, “How could you know all that?” she creased her brow.
“- I know her, somehow, and she knows me. She has North Ice-Islander heritage, and she’s a telepath – did you know that...”
“No...” she said slowly, “I didn’t.”
Magen saw her consider this reality, she did not seem overly shocked and even as if a puzzle and confusion had been undone.
“- But it doesn’t matter, even if it could work Janessa. Not one single bit, you already see my list doesn’t significantly narrow the selection. It’ll never show me ‘the one’,” Magen did highly exaggerated inverted commas, “You see, I’ve chosen you... I’ve decided to love you. It’s you who I sought out first, I’m not talking to Saar’ha or anyone else right now. I wouldn’t have spent my time on this crazy argument, if I hadn’t chosen you!”
“An arbitrary decision then?”
“It could be, or it could be something else – would it make it better if it were pure rationale? The fact remains; it is you I love,” Magen returned, “...Can we at least try it out, try to make it work?” he attempted.
She poured into the depths of his eyes, searching, questioning, interrogating – perhaps trying to understand herself, or to understand him. Love, where did it come from, was it surely random, or purely rational, or something fundamental that transcended both flesh and reason? A mirror, a fragment, twinkling, in the darkness of space, showing a glimmer of the fundamental being. If it were not, then perhaps it was nothing at all.
“Yes!” she cried finally, and fell into his arms which he opened gladly with a broad smile... they kissed then, for the first time – somewhat awkwardly. Neither had extended themselves this much before, neither had kissed. They had never had reason to, and they had no reason to now.
After they had tested some of the various ways of conducting this procedure, they walked slowly out on to the plateau where they had begun their conversation. They sat down interlinked, and talked, sharing their common and uncommon experiences. Janessa about her patients and their gross afflictions – Magen about his mind battle with the Shari’lan, he hadn’t got the chance to relate it to anyone yet.
“Have you read Rise and Fall of the Kellsati Empire?” Magen asked sensing a lull coming upon them.
“Not yet... I believe that’s one of Saar’ha’s favourites...” Janessa remarked.
“I do hope that’s not a problem...” A pause, “Wasn’t there one of those doctors caught your eye –” Magen parried.
“Oh, he was scum!” she dismissed with a wave of her hand.
“You wouldn’t want me to say that about Saar’ha though...”
“... I guess not – but all the same, you ought to watch out for her. She’s always been good at getting what she wants!” Janessa warned in a mix of jocularity and seriousness.
“I don’t think she’d try any mind tricks on me...”
“That’s not what I meant! I have more respect for Saar’ha than that,” Janessa said with mock offence.
“Just as well...” Magen smiled. He was glad, having established it was okay not to isolate Saar’ha. Though clearly discretion was required. They sat in a contented silence for a while then, neither requiring that the other speak.
“...There was something else,” Janessa said carefully after a time.
“Oh?”
“I had a dream...”
“Another one?”
“Yes,” she replied affirmatively. “It... scared me, Magen, I... I saw Solara in darkness. It was different, perfect, like a mechanism, a pendulum, or one of those antique clockwork watches. I walked along silent streets, everyone doing their business, but saying nothing. No laughter, no scorn, no mocking, no joking, no random meaningless conversation – there were no guards. Just everyone, moving as if in a dream, and I was in a dream too. It was as if I was trapped, and I couldn’t touch reality...”
“It sounds like a nightmare. I wonder does it mean anything.” Magen said sympathetically.
“I don’t know, it just seemed real – but dreams can do that...” she said uncertainly.
Now that was oddly paradoxical Magen thought; as if she was really trapped inside a dream? A silent Solara, ticking away...
“All the same, that doesn’t have much to do with me...” He had got the impression that this was somehow something of personal relevance, some other reason for her reserve.
“Yes, there was more – I saw you, or someone like you give an order, a dreadful wrathful finger and tower fury. That person’s orders were followed and I saw a planet destroyed... I just thought, maybe, somehow you might reason it a good way to end a war...” Janessa now mumbled, ashamed she had thought so ill.
Magen choked, his eyes started briefly and he shuddered – there was chill reality to Janessa’s dream. What had the first one meant? Where would such a vision have come from...
“Janessa, I should tell you something – but first... you do know I could never do such a thing?” Magen held her hand tight.
“Yes, yes! I believe it now...”
“Good. You need to bear that in mind...” he looked around furtively, “I didn’t tell you the name of the Battlecruiser I’m to captain -“
“No,” Janessa held her breath.
“The Destroyer – this is top secret information, I only know it because of Damoclus – it’s to be fitted with an anti-matter ray...”
“A planet destroyer!” Janessa gasped, “Oh, Magen!”
“Calm down...” Magen said stonily, “My purpose will be to prevent it being used – Damoclus has had plans – all along I believe...”
“The dream!” Janessa wrung his hand.
“I don’t do what dreams say I will do,” Magen said sternly, “Such dreams come from either of two sources; one to deceive and lead astray, the other to warn or help in some way.”
“Yes, of course – but then... in my sleep! What defence is there!”
“A dream can’t harm you or I,” Magen reassured, “You remember the dream I had?”
“Yes, and it ended when you called for Cru’athor...”
“Moreover, some of the things in it have come true; the destruction in Terranch and Temini, and Tania, she was also in my dream, though in Kellsat. The point is, there aren’t necessarily even lies, but certainly meant to divert us or lead us to make the wrong decisions...”
“It is scary though – is that why you brought Tania back?” Janessa looked in his eyes again. She could see he was troubled, the clear sapphire of his iris was clouded grey – either that or she had mistaken the colour of his eyes.
“Partly, also because she needs our help and I care little for further second guessing. Here and now we have to act on what we are certain of, in the here and now...”
“Wise words,” Janessa muttered wondering how valid the principle was, “So are you going to look for the dragon stone?”
“No... One; I don’t have the option. Two; I don’t know whether the Evil One wants me to look for it or not -“
“But your father -“
“- Has been wrong before now. I know Cru’athor speaks through people. But people also speak through people. On anything less I might take it on faith – here I feel I should need a personal word from Cru’athor himself!” Magen explained.
“Does that happen?”
“Usually, I suspect not – but my people say, that sometimes His voice can be heard in the whispering of the wind... If he exists, he will speak, and I won’t be able to say I missed it...”
“The darkness is gone again,” Janessa remarked, pointing at the city, which was quite well on the road to recovery. She kissed him again, and they sat, listening for a whisper on the wind...

Epilogue

Magen and Janessa returned to the apartment sometime later. They had intended to dine out, but of course, no such service could be easily found in the city. Upon their return they were greeted by a squad much in anticipation. There was little surprise that Magen and Janessa were ‘together’. Of more concern however was the future, and Magen was promptly forced, on an empty stomach, to divulge the nature of his promotion and the contracts to be offered them.
However before Magen would begin his fortune telling, he took a moment’s thought to tell Tania, that all was okay and they would be able to look after her. She would receive a legal citizenship, after the filled in some mind boggling paper-work and decided who would be her legal guardians. Ariot began plotting her education immediately, having come to believe firmly in her potential.
Magen then proceeded, after taking in hand a celebratory thimble of random alcohol – to reveal all. He began with Ariot, for whom this would be the greatest release.
Ariot was to be part of the engineering crew. Here he could indulge in innovation and streamlining ship maintenance and so on. His sword project would continue and more would follow, word had travelled of his capabilities – it was even possible he might leave them at some point to do full time research and development. In all likelihood he would never be directly involved in combat again.
Curiba gave a girly squeal of delight, discovering that she would be training to be a Marine. She would be up there with her brothers, heroes of the Seaton people. - Being the Black Knight was all well and good, but sort of obscure. The dream with which she had set out, left her pampered world for, had now come true.
Slick was totally appalled, there was no way he would even contemplate a longer contract. His first five years were compulsory, he would never live it down – if he voluntarily signed up for more. Even though he had given up thievery, a reputation was not something to be given up lightly.
He removed himself from the room to mope upon his fate – only to return seconds later, carrying a black flower as if it were a tube of nitro-glycerine. She had been in his room. He could bear it no longer, it was time to remove himself from the planet. He accepted the position of Gunner rather more eagerly than expected.
Elshan was thrilled that he would have the official role of protecting Magen’s person from harm – though really, he had secretly assumed that role already. He would have at least five men under his command to accomplish this. He would also undergo marine training for on-ship combat.
Ogher promptly gave Magen a crushing hug when he learnt that he could potentially become Magen’s first. His second voice, and finally to be on one of his beloved ships, in command. It was just too much to bear, he went teary eyed, such a display of emotion most likely related to his prior alcohol consumption.
Tyr’uc sulked, yet again, passed over for command, now to be a lowly member of the computer engineering crew. They all knew in the end, he would enjoy that more though. He would lose himself easily in such a complex and challenging super-computer system. He accepted the contract with a sneer... The afternoon with Curiba had been none too successful. Curiba really had gone for a swim, and he really had sat on the beach.
Yicle guffawed crudely at the position of security officer. He thought this a wonderful irony. He saw right through Damoclus’ plot to regulate him, and said as much. Magen’s heart had sunk – Yicle to leave them then, surely he didn’t think it so ridiculous. He didn’t.
“Don’t be silly – of course I want to have the greatest freedom possible on a Battlecruiser!” he had said, snatching the pad to assure himself he would be paid well.
Finally then, there was Saar’ha, she looked statuesque and remote. Magen knew what she must be feeling – the bitter taste of defeat. Janessa had won, with hardly even trying. She took the pad from Yicle soundlessly and studied her new contract like an art critic. She smirked, there was something satisfying in the thought of piloting a Battlecruiser.
So it was, that squad, century and division were broken. Yet the friends remained, and would be together for a while yet to come. The future was not bright, not while the war remained, but it was full, full of daunting, challenging surprises, and full of newness. Their world had ended and a new one begun, an era in their lives past.
And so it was also, that an outcast, lost and alone, became the Swordmaster of Gahon, who would become Captain of the Destroyer. Saviour of the World he was not. No, no the stone would lie – for now...

The End
Glory be to God!6


Footnotes
1 Even if it was earth a hundred metres off the ground.
2 Clearly a disbeliever in the law of narrative drive.
3 Seaton Philosophers long ago, after many years of frustrated debate and a distinct lack of progress decided that it was best solved by rolling a dice. The apparent randomness of the dice distracted them, preventing the publication of many controversial books with titles such as “The Egg”, “The Chicken Delusion” and “So Where Did the White Fluffy Bit Come From?”. The latter relying heavily on a argument based on the cleanliness of egg exteriors. The possibility of rolling sixes infinitely was somewhat more intriguing. Which works well if you drill out the one and stick in a wee bit of lead.
4 Personages in high up positions, as we all know, can’t dress themselves.
5 LISPI in medical circles. Commonly mistaken for a speech impediment.



6 I mean it. Writing this was a tough slog, eating away many hours of my life, probably literally by limiting my Vitamin D. But it’s done, it’s over… No wait… There’s more. I’m not done with Magen and his squad – look out for book three. In the next adventure look out for, psychic space trees, epic duels, majestic space battles, a closer look at the Es’ston homeworld, more of Damoclus scheming, the reveal – who is the spy (surely you must have guessed with all the hints I’ve dropped). Bug me, email me, spam me if you must – this next book is not going to come easy. And please, REVIEW – I want to hear your views, and probably everybody else does too. Catch up with me at www.facebook.com/OfNorthBloodDrawn or www.wattywriting.com/OfNorthBloodDrawn.
