Star Wars: Episode III - Hunted
By: David Gremillion
Copyright 2014
Published at Smashwords

Introduction

	Six years. It sounds like such a long time when you sit down and think about it. In 2008, I started writing "Star Wars: Awakening" with the idea that I wanted to address a few issues that fans had expressed regarding the Prequels. Essentially, it was a grand experiment. I had never written anything longer than a term paper in college before this endeavor. I had never intended this to evolve into something this extensive. Writing a blog is one thing, but an entire novel? A series of novels? With original characters, rarely heard of planets, on such a massive scale while trying to keep the story itself intimate and personable? 
	Nah, no way. 
	Six years later, here we are. Over six thousand downloads (at time of publishing) have followed this story and await the conclusion. I've had people tell me that I've inspired them to write, to draw, to create, to imagine. I never believed that something as simple as this would actually change me as well. I suppose it is a testament to the impact of human interaction. Any word that comes out of my keyboard might be the one that touches someone and gets them to write or dream something fantastic. I'm not a professional, I'm not George Lucas, and I'm not a member of the one percent. I'm just a guy behind a laptop. Isn't that something? People across the planet have told me how much they've enjoyed my little trilogy and I'm just some guy behind a laptop. 
	Walt Disney once said "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." I've done this. What will you do? 

Acknowledgments

	For anyone who thought they'd never make a difference. For my fellow "Geeks" who dare to dream, whether they are members of the Board of Directors, or just die-hard fans. For my family, who go above and beyond every single day during this roller coaster. 
	For Darryl Roberts, who never stopped believing in a man he will never meet in this life. 


Prologue

	“History is vast, it is immense, and it is unforgiving. Yet, when you boil down the time of the galaxy since its dawn, you’ll see that all of history is nothing more than a handful of moments.”
	Colonel Adani placed his hands together at the fingertips before continuing. 
	“Yep, stick the past twenty-five thousand years into a crucible, grind it down, and you will have just a few people at key points in time. Revan, Vitiate, Exar Kun, Sunrider, everything they’ve ever done essentially comes down to just being in the right place, at the right time, with the right idea,” he smirked. 
	The corporal who sat across from him tugged at his shirt collar. He was trying not to figure out how to ask a question without sounding stupid in front of his officer’s commanding officer. 
	“Giants, legends, true titans of our time whose lives span decades or even centuries, and everything they are or ever would be was based on the right decision at the right time. Move too soon or too late, too far or not far enough and they fade into obscurity for all time,” he paused when he saw the sweat on the corporal’s forehead. 
	A rare transport moved past the window outside. Intraplanetary traffic had long since been limited to what the Supreme Chancellor had deemed essential. The noise of never-ending traffic had once been commonplace, but now the noise startled the young man. 
	“You believe your moment is at hand?” the corporal desperately fought to keep his voice from cracking. 
	Colonel Adani leaned forward. “Far from it. Oh, don’t get me wrong, it is on the horizon. I have been waiting many millennia for this and I know I can wait a bit longer.”
	“Millennia?” the corporal repeated. 
	“Skywalker is the key, I know it now. He’s the one thing, the one piece of the puzzle, I’ve been waiting for. With him firmly in my grasp, I will be able to have my one true moment in history,” Adani grinned. 
	“Skywalker?” the corporal squeaked. “But he’s a Jedi. Can’t you just request to speak with him? Your moment could be here right now instead of me.”
	“I’m not going to speak with him,” Adani replied. “I’m going to escort him home. Once there, I will elevate him to not only his true destiny, but mine as well.”
	“My moment is approaching,” Adani stared past the young man. “I can see it even now. I can’t rush it. The opportunity will present itself to me to accompany Skywalker on his journey. I must be patient, oh so patient, but my moment in time will come. There can be no doubt.”
	“Then, sir, if I may ask. I mean, with all respect,” the young man sputtered. 
	“Fire away with your question,” Colonel Adani smiled. 
	“Why are you telling me this?” he asked. 
	“No reason, really. I just needed to think out loud and reassure myself to have some patience. Since you won’t remember any of this whatsoever, I figure you were the perfect candidate,” Adani replied matter-of-factly. 
	“I won’t…what?” the corporal cocked his head to one side. 
	Colonel Adani waved his hand dismissively. “Exactly.”


Chapter 1

	A single ray of sunlight invaded the darkened room, sneaking past the closed curtains through the smallest possible gap. It climbed its way up a bedpost until it crawled across the face of Anakin Skywalker. He lazily swatted at it before rolling over. Although he had eluded his foe, the sun had accomplished its mission. There was no way he was going back to sleep now. Anakin stretched only to discover that the other side of the bed was empty. 
	“Again?” he groaned. 
	He dragged himself out of bed, pulling a shirt over his head while he walked to the balcony. Padme was there, again, leaning against the stone railing and peering out over the vista. 
	“How long have you been awake?” he wrapped an arm around her waist. 
	“A few hours,” she leaned into him. “Dawn is a wonderful time on Alderaan.”
	Anakin stifled a yawn. “Dawn is a lousy time no matter where you are. You should come back to bed. You’re sleeping for more than just you now.”
	Padme’s gaze fell and an uncomfortable silence settled in. Anakin’s bare feet were getting cold against the stone floor of their spacious balcony. At Grand Centurion Palpatine’s insistence, he took a vacation for the first time in his entire life. 
	True, winning the greatest battle in the entire Clone Wars nearly single-handed had entitled him to a little “R&R”, but Anakin had never imagined something like this. When the announcement was made that the hero of heroes was taking time away, the Jedi Temple became flooded with visitors as never before. Planets sent delegates who lobbied him to visit their world, no doubt hoping to boast that the Chosen One had chosen them. They had sent gift baskets, interactive holo-brochures of resorts, and the representative from Zeltros had sent four Twi’lek slave girls to persuade him to spend his vacation on their world. 
	Padme had been less than amused. 
	In the end, they settled on Alderaan. Anakin had always wanted to return to this precious jewel of a planet. It also had the added bonus of making Padme very happy by returning to her home for the first time since she had searched for the cause of the Clone Wars. The only problem was that his new-found celebrity would make it nearly impossible for them to enjoy their time alone. 
	When they had informed Palpatine of their plans, he had insisted they wait one month before travelling to Aldera, the capital city. In that month, he had dispatched teams of personnel from the Republic Corps of Engineers to build a vacation suite for them. Given the short amount of time, Anakin had envisioned a small cottage set in the country. 
	He was shocked to see they had hollowed out an estate in Mt. Jenard that was nearly five thousand meters square. It included three bedrooms, two large bathrooms, a state-of-the-art media room fit for throwing large parties, kitchen, two dining rooms, a personal hangar, and Padme’s favorite spot, the balcony. 
	The balcony was made from the mountain itself. The railing, the floor, every detail down to the furniture had been shaped and polished from the rock. Its view overlooked a wide valley, with the city of Aldera twinkling in the distance. 
	Padme enjoyed taking occasional trips into Aldera. She told Anakin she couldn't stay away from galactic politics, and he indulged these trips. She wasn't gone more than a few hours a week, and she always came back with a little surprise for him. 
	But what Padme truly loved was how the engineers had changed the course of a small river so that it flowed in a meter-wide channel dug into the middle of the balcony. The river ran past their feet and cascaded into a waterfall off the edge of the balcony down into the valley below. It quickly became Padme’s favorite place to be in the entire suite. Only if Padme were there would Anakin even go near it. 
	The river haunted him. Every time he looked at it, Anakin was reminded of memories he tried too hard to press into the deepest recess of his mind.  
	The cliff on Rishi. 
	The river below. 
	The look on Khian's face when Anakin let go of his arm.  
	He kicked at the water, causing a little of it to splash onto Padme’s feet. “Hey!” Padme playfully wiped her wet foot on his leg. “I’ll take a bath on my own time, if you don’t mind!”
	“Bathe later,” Anakin yawned. “Bed now.”
	“I’m already up,” Padme sighed. “I won’t be able to go back to sleep now.”
	“You won't go or they won't let you go?" Anakin ran a hand over her abdomen. 
	Padme took a step backward. "You know about both of them?"
	Anakin pulled her close again. "How could I not know?"
	Padme stamped her bare foot, but couldn’t hide her grin. "You Jedi think you know everything."
	Anakin kissed her deeply before embracing her. Together, they watched the sun rise over Aldera. A few birds flew past, singing their morning song of greeting. He couldn't have asked for a better morning, although he wouldn't have complained about a few more hours sleep. 
	"I can feel both of them," Anakin grinned. "They're so new to life, but so connected. To each other, to you, it's incredible. I guess I'm a little jealous that I won't get to know them like you do for another eight months."
	"Anakin, the Jedi..." Padme began. 
	"...will not be a concern. I've changed things within the Jedi Order, maybe forever. They can't deny me any longer. They won't be able to deny us any longer," Anakin looked out over the balcony. 
	He glowered at the coming dawn. The Council? She just had to ruin this sunrise moment with talk about the Council? Anakin’s mind was involuntarily jerked back toward Coruscant. The Jedi had many questions about what happened on Rishi after Obi-Wan had carried a half-dead Cin Drallig away from the fighting, leaving Anakin alone. He had done his best to answer their questions that didn’t involve Darth Maul, Ethan, or Khian.
	"This is practically unprecedented. The Jedi aren't supposed to love, to feel attachment, or to have families. How can we be sure what their reaction will be?" Padme asked. 
	Anakin gripped the stone of the handrail a little tighter. "Can't we enjoy our family instead of being afraid of what others will think?"
	Padme looked down sheepishly. "I'm sorry; I just can't help but look ahead. Their future is all that matters now, I know it. Will the Jedi accept this? Accept them? What happens if..."
	Anakin put a finger across her lips. He rolled his eyes, marveling at how the politician within her couldn't help but make a grand speech at every opportunity. 
	"How about we at least enjoy the moment?" Anakin asked. 
	“The moment will have to wait,” her eyes fell. “I really should clean myself up. I’m going into Aldera today and I don’t want my constituents to see me with bed-head.”
	Padme smiled as she stood on tiptoe to kiss him. 

	"Disturbing, this is. Most disturbing."
	Master Yoda scowled in his private office with the sun high overhead his glass ceiling. He had tried meditating, but his mind was restless. He tried to reach out to the Force, but it felt so...tainted. The Force was out of balance, despite the Jedi winning a tremendous victory over the rebel forces in the Clone Wars. 
	He blew out all the breath from his small body before trying again. The war was winding down, but the resources the Jedi had devoted to tracking down Darth Maul were stymied; some that Yoda himself had dispatched to hunt him down had never been heard from again. 
	The war had caused more chaos within the Jedi Order than Yoda cared to admit. Knights were made into Masters far too soon. Padawans were knighted to fill the ranks during the war. Younglings were made into padawans with only a rudimentary understanding of the Force. Yoda's entire education program was moments away from unraveling altogether. 
	Yoda inhaled deeply, reaching out to the Force again. His full attention was not where it needed to be. There was something larger at work, something sinister, but Yoda could not put his finger on it. Palpatine's behavior was deeply troubling. He had obtained more power than any Supreme Chancellor in Yoda's memory. Clearly, he was involved in this, perhaps even orchestrating some kind of upheaval, but what was his plan? How could one Sith, or just one man, overcome the combined strength of the Jedi Order?
	Yoda closed his eyes again, trying to settle his troubled mind. A solution had to be found before…
	A flash. 
	A golden blade that turned blood red before his eyes.  
	Babies, two of them, were crying in the distance. 
	"Anakin...no!"
	Yoda's eyes snapped open. The sun was setting now. Yoda put a hand to his chest, trying to calm the heart that was hammering within. If the future of the Jedi Order lay with Anakin, then the vision that had crossed his mind was not very reassuring. 
	Anakin Skywalker was now on everyone's mind. The younger Jedi who Yoda had worried about would walk through fire for Anakin. The older Jedi had come to respect him in battle. He had fought Darth Maul twice and lived to tell the tale. Obi-Wan Kenobi, his own pupil, and the Jedi Battlemaster Cin Drallig had not been so lucky. Obi-Wan had suffered a head wound from their last duel, and Cin Drallig was still clinging to life, but only just. 
	His door chimed. Yoda smiled, already knowing who was there. 
	"Enter, you may," Yoda used the Force to open the door. 
	Mace Windu, the tall, dark leader of their Order entered. He ran a hand over his bald head as he walked in. "You’ve been in here for nine hours."
	Yoda only nodded. 
	"You've been having difficulties meditating," he continued. 
	Yoda said nothing. 
	"We've all been having troubles," he pressed. 
	Mace allowed an uncomfortable silence to settle between them. He sat down in a chair near Yoda, gazing at the small Jedi Master. 
	"You've missed the annual pilgrimage to your little hideaway." Mace tried to sound casual. "That makes three years in a row you've stayed on Coruscant instead of travelling to..." He let the statement hang in the air. 
	Yoda said nothing. 
	"Even now, in this dark hour, you won't tell me where you run off to? Which planet is your refuge for cleansing your mind?" he asked. 	
	Yoda leaned heavily on his cane and let the silence continue. 
	"Strange, it is," Yoda finally said. "Meditate on many things, I try. Younglings, old friends, the war, all topics before me. Sharpest, my focus is, when young Skywalker is on my mind."
	Mace frowned. "That boy, what are we going to do with him?"
	Yoda sighed. "Coddled Ethan, we did. To disaster, that led. Denied Anakin, we have, yet losing him we are as well."
	"Which is why I'm here." Mace's eyes focused on the small Jedi. "His time on Alderaan is ending and he’s still technically under your tutelage. By then, we will have no choice but to deal with him. What do you propose?"
	Yoda closed his eyes for a moment. In that moment, the vision returned to him. The children, the scream, the golden blade dripping red, it all came to him again. 
	This was the moment Yoda had been dreading for over a year. The Jedi Order was slipping out of his control. There was only one option available to him, but it was one that went against Yoda's nature. 
	"Embrace him, we must."
	Mace raised an eyebrow. "In what way? Are we to celebrate him? Put him on the Council? Should I just step down and pave the way for him to lead us?"
	Yoda tapped his cane on the floor. "Suggest that, I did not. Deny him, we cannot. Shun him, we dare not. Too much influence, he has gained. Endorse him, support him, and earn the support of others, we can."
	His friend's eyes looked down at the floor. Yoda could guess what he was thinking. Their minds were along the same track at this point. Neither truly wanted to take this course, but both realized they could lose the Order entirely if they did nothing. 
	"Knight him, we must," Yoda admitted. "Show we have control over him, believe it, others will."
	Mace nodded his head in understanding. "That makes logical sense. He's only a padawan in name now. I don't think Obi-Wan Kenobi has much more to teach him. What of his love for Senator Amidala?"
	Yoda walked over to the window, staring at the small convoys of traffic that were still allowed to fly. Times had changed so radically since the war began. How far would they change to accommodate those times? 
	"Accept it, we must."
	Mace's eyes widened. He opened his mouth to speak, but then swallowed and said nothing. 
	“I don’t like any of this. I hardly feel like ‘Master of the Order’ when I am this powerless,” Mace rubbed his temples. 
	“Within the heart, not the position, does power lie,” Yoda smiled. 
	“And accept Anakin’s love for another? Just like that?” Mace blurted out. 
	"Rare, but not impossible, love among Jedi is. Married several times, Ki-Adi-Mundi was. Separate Padme and Anakin, we cannot. Good for him, as a calming influence, she may be," Yoda said. 
	His friend rolled his eyes. "Padme can be a 'calming influence'?" 
	They chuckled together. "Surprise us all, she may." 

	Pacing had become a more frequent pastime since the war had begun. Everything was coming together, but it was also in danger of flying apart. His timetable dictated that he move more quickly than he would like, but the ultimate reward demanded the ultimate risk. 
	Palpatine stopped for a moment to look out his office's window. His grip on the populace had tightened, allowing him to control their movements, their locations, and most importantly, their attitudes. Where once a never-ending stream of vehicles had flown past his window, now only a few, a favored few, transports could be seen. 
	Those favors did not come cheap. It was loyalty, not credits, which set the privileged apart from the masses now. The fiercer the loyalty from the wealthy elite, the greater the rewards Palpatine dispensed. 
	His time on Coruscant was limited. The Jedi were becoming more aware of his influence. How much they knew, he could not be certain. But he was certain that his time was growing short. The longer he remained on the planet, the more aware they would be. 
	He had to seal their fate soon. 
	There was only one major wild card, one "X-factor" that Palpatine did not anticipate. This Jedi named Anakin Skywalker had occupied more of his attention than he would have liked. He had shown dark tendencies, but he was also resisting Darth Maul's attempts to sway him to the dark side. Anakin had quickly become the champion of the Jedi Order. 
	“Heroes are a nuisance,” he muttered to himself. 
	The communicator beeped on his desk. He longed to reach out with the Force to determine who it was, but once again had to restrain himself. Being confined to such a corporeal state was maddening, but walking two meters to press a button was too trivial to expose himself to the Jedi. 
	The identifier showed it was the Senator Organa from Alderaan. He had been pressing for a military drawdown ever since the Battle of Rishi. Palpatine fought to keep his anger from rising. While most of the Senate was firmly under Palpatine's control, the minority was becoming more vocal. 
	The danger of his plans flying apart was all too real. 
	"Yes, Senator, what can I do for you?" His silky voice was oh so practiced. 
	"Supreme Chancellor, my bill has been tabled, again," Senator Organa said. 
	Palpatine suppressed a laugh and feigned ignorance. Of course he knew exactly what Organa was talking about but political mind games were a welcome distraction from what truly troubled him. 
	"What bill would that be? There are so many after all," Palpatine chuckled. 
	"The Military Drawdown Act," Senator Organa replied. "I've fought to get it out of committee, but the Senate Imperator won't bring the bill to a vote."
	"He seems convinced that you don't have the votes to pass the measure." Palpatine allowed himself a grin. The bill was doomed to failure by an astonishingly wide margin. Well, astonishing to anyone but Palpatine. 
	"That's no excuse," the senator replied. "The bill deserves to be heard and voted on by the Senate."
	"The Imperator determines the calendar of bills, not the Office of the Chancellor. We have a separation of powers that forbids me from changing which bills are called upon and which ones stay in committee,” Palpatine evaded the jab. 
	"The Imperator has that power, and you hold a great deal of influence over the Imperator," the senator countered. "All you need to do is snap your fingers and the Imperator will bring to the floor any bill you ask."
	"I think you overestimate the influence of my office," Palpatine said too late to stop himself. He winced at the coming answer. 
	"The Transportation Restriction Act, the Communication Observation Act, the Republic Security Act and its numerous amendments, the Trade Monitoring Act, need I go on? All of these bills were rammed through the Senate. Some were passed the same day they were written," Senator Organa said. 
	"I will have words with the Imperator about your bill, but I cannot make any promises," Palpatine said through gritted teeth. 
	"Your efforts are greatly appreciated," the senator ended the transmission. 
	Palpatine fought to control himself against the urge to lash out yet again. That little bug of a man was becoming a larger thorn in his side with each passing day. To even make it known that there was a bill that would draw back the military he had raised was not tolerable. 
	As he turned to look back out his window again, one thought that he fought to restrain finally broke through. It shot to the front of his mind, causing a single bead of sweat to drip down the side of his head. 
	“It simply cannot be done alone,” he muttered. 
	Five thousand star systems, countless trillions of citizens, trade unions, commerce guilds, piles of bureaucracy, and far more could not be run by one man. As powerful as he was, Palpatine was convinced that the Senate, and even the Jedi, had their place in the galaxy. 
	“Like holding a rancor by the tail,” he said to no one. 
	But who to trust? Senators were ambitious, and the Office of the Supreme Chancellor would be up for election soon. He had delayed the election twice already, due to the war, but a third time was pushing his luck to the breaking point. How much longer could he dance on the edge of a knife?
	Getting to the top of the mountain had been easy enough, but staying there? 
	He breathed deeply, allowing his mind to clear. 
	Palpatine's mind turned back to Anakin. This hero of the Jedi was going to be a far greater obstacle than he originally thought. The young man had become quite the expert duelist. Coupled with his nosy wife, the pair could make life difficult for him. He didn’t want to reveal himself to Anakin for fear that he would be blinded by Jedi slogans and try to challenge Palpatine. Why risk ruining either his plans or a promising apprentice? 
	His hands clasped behind his back as he walked out of his office. The automatic door closed silently behind him. He almost missed the assistant who had stayed late. 
	“Chancellor?”
	He turned slowly toward her, flashing his ever-practiced smile. “Yes my dear?”
	The young lady blushed slightly at his attention. “You wanted me to remind you about the…”
	“The meeting tomorrow morning, of course,” he snapped his fingers. “Very good, thank you. It had nearly slipped my mind.”
	Palpatine ran a hand along her cheek, which caused her to shiver. “What would I do without you, my child? After the meeting is concluded, clear the next hour and summon Oreana Tri’ek to my office. Tell her to bring a crew with her.”
	“She is over here so often to interview you, I feel like we’re becoming the best of friends!” she squealed. 
	“Indeed,” Palpatine smiled. “She is a friend to us all.”

Chapter 2

	"We have great plans for you. These plans cannot be put on hold indefinitely," Viceroy Organa said. 
	Padme blew a tuft of hair out of her face. "I realize that, sir, but I can't ask Anakin to leave sooner than we've planned. It would only raise suspicions and I don't want to risk anything." 
	The face she had idolized since her birth scowled at her. The Organa family was as hallowed as any monument or as idolized as any figure in their planet's history. To disappoint them was nothing less than shameful. But she couldn't make promises she knew she couldn't keep. 
	"You are going to be nominated to replace Chancellor Palpatine as Alderaan’s senator within the week. I need you back on Coruscant as soon as possible, if not sooner," he said. 
	In the back of her mind, something tingled. For a flash of a moment, Padme wanted to stand up for herself, to demand that she had earned this time away, given all she had been through. She had indulged the Viceroy far more than she had with General Tarkin or Tethys Aran. 
	Padme felt the flash fade as her thoughts turned to Anakin. 
	They walked through Bolet Park together, circling a small lake. The weather was as pristine as expected on this paradise of a world. A flock of seerts glided into the lake. Their jet black feathers glittered in the sunlight. She wanted to enjoy the day, enjoy her vacation, but between the pregnancy and the Viceroy, enjoyment took a backseat.   
	"I have an office picked out for you with a computer being configured this afternoon," he said. 
	"I haven't even been nominated, yet!" she protested. 
	"Padme, you will succeed the Chancellor. There is no alternative," the Viceroy replied. 
	Padme stopped walking. "If we fix the election, then we're no better than the forces working to take the Republic down. I refuse to be corrupted so that I can eliminate corruption."
	Viceroy Organa laughed a deep, booming laugh. "Padme, you are wildly popular, you have Palpatine's endorsement, you have my endorsement, and half the galaxy is expecting you to rise. I'd be stunned if anyone even opposed you."
	Padme blushed, partially at her embarrassing statement, but mostly that she was so highly thought of. She checked her chronometer before running a hand through her hair. 
	" Anakin will wonder where I am. Why can't I tell him about all this? You would think he would be the one person we can bring in on this," she said. 
	The Viceroy shook his head. "I'm afraid not. Yoda and Mace Windu aren't convinced that he's..." he struggled for the right words. "...rested enough to handle this. When the time is right, we will bring in the Hero of Rishi, you have my word on that."
	The word of the Viceroy was absolute. 
	"What do you have for me?" she asked. 
	He handed her a miniature lightsaber, no larger than the length of her index finger. The end was golden and had the initials "AS" inscribed on the hilt. 
	"You found this is in a corner shop near the spaceport and thought of him," he replied. 
	Padme eyed it skeptically. 
	"It isn't real of course," the Viceroy rolled his eyes. "It just lights up. That should amuse him."
	"I'm sure he'll love it," Padme put the light into her pocket. "Ten days, I can be off of Alderaan in ten standard days, no sooner."
	Viceroy Organa waved to his driver. "I will see you on Coruscant in one standard week, no later."
	The vehicle pulled up next to them and the Viceroy opened the passenger door for her. "I'll be staying here for a little while. I don't get a chance to enjoy Bolet Park as often as I would like. I'm afraid it is another casualty of service to the state."
	As the vehicle pulled away from the park, Padme stole one last glance back at the Viceroy. He was talking animatedly into a communicator as another vehicle pulled up for her. 
	"Our web of lies just got more tangled," she whispered to herself.  

There was always something, unsettling, about being in the presence of Chancellor Palpatine. He couldn’t quite put his finger on it. Before, it was simply an uncomfortable feeling. But lately, being with the man made you feel as though you were always on the verge of vomiting. He had the most penetrating gaze, yet it was usually kind or genial. The Supreme Chancellor was an enigma stuffed inside of a puzzle that was wrapped around a riddle. 
A riddle that also wielded tremendous power. 
Sector Marshal Wilhuff Tarkin straightened his tunic as the turbolift rose silently up to the private office of the Chancellor. The Battle of Rishi had convinced him that this meeting was required. He had been working for the past month to not only arrange it, but to garner the support of his allies for the proposal he was about to make. Palpatine had been able to acquire more political control than any leader in recent memory. 
Being summoned by him was always concerning. It either meant a great success or a great failure was coming for Tarkin. 
He straightened his tunic again. 
There was a change sweeping through the Republic. The military had been revitalized, the citizenry put in their proper place, and the Chancellor was making the Executive Office a real power in governmental affairs. Palpatine had done all he had said and much more. 
	But now the war was winding down. The Senate, with Jedi support, would insist that the wartime restrictions be relaxed. The never-ending pendulum of popular support would swing away from the Chancellor just in time for the next election to roll around. Tarkin had half-considered the idea of running for the office himself. He was successful, brilliant, and had personally conducted the victory at the Battle of Rishi. 
	The only thing stopping him from throwing his hat into the proverbial ring was Palpatine himself. 
	The lift stopped at the top floor of the Republic Executive Office. Tarkin brushed past the human receptionist with barely a glance. 
	“You can go in, sir. The Chancell…” she began, but Tarkin waved her off. 
	The Clone Wars would have generated enough stress to drain any man of his vitality. Tarkin remembered how the Stark Conflict had withered men in power to a fraction of their former selves. Even he was a little gaunter than he would have liked. 
	Palpatine smiled at him, shaking his hand as he entered the office. He had to be admired for still looking so youthful and vibrant with everything going on around him. He had hardly aged since they had met years ago. 
	“Marshal, please have a seat.” He gestured to a chair across from his large, obsidian desk. 
Tarkin pulled a tablet out from his tunic as he sat. Other than the Supreme Chancellor, he was the only corporeal being in the room. Several holograms sprang to life on the Chancellor’s desk. Tarkin recognized them all, having worked with them throughout the war. 
Tarkin scowled when he saw Jedi Kenobi appear. 
“I wasn’t aware knights were representing the Jedi Council,” Palpatine’s voice didn’t hide his disdain. 
Kenobi smiled. “You never responded to the invitation to attend the ceremony where I was made a Jedi Master.”
“I don’t recall receiving it,” Palpatine tried to look busy at his desk. 
Tarkin smiled a little as he recognized this dance. It had been clear to him that Palpatine wasn’t one of the Jedi’s greatest fans. 
“I suppose it might have been intercepted by the Republic Crypto-Intelligence Service. They seem wonderfully adept at monitoring our transmissions,” Master Kenobi prodded. 
Tarkin’s eyes narrowed. 
“Well perhaps my heart-felt congratulations will suffice? I believe we have pressing business to attend to?” Palpatine called up a holographic map of an Outer Rim sector. 
Tarkin pretended to take notes, but no one at the meeting was going to contribute anything of value. He already knew that the enemy forces were on the run in that sector. He also knew exactly what course of action to take next. If the Chancellor hadn’t summoned him personally, Tarkin wouldn’t have bothered with the meeting at all. 
Master Kenobi was uselessly bantering about how best to redeploy their forces. Tarkin sighed, already knowing the best way to use the military might in that sector. It is a pity that Jedi never think four moves ahead. 
The meeting ended with the usual pleasantries being exchanged between the holograms. Tarkin thanked the Chancellor for his time before gracefully making his exit. 
“A moment, if you please,” Palpatine held up a hand. 
Tarkin froze halfway to the door leading out of the office. 
“There is a man under your command that I’m not familiar with. He’s done some tremendous work for us; removing dissidents, eliminating threats to my Administration, and so on. All on behalf of the Republic, I’m sure,” Palpatine flashed a practiced smile. 
“I’ll be sure to recognize him,” Tarkin’s hands became clammy. 
“I don’t know this man,” Palpatine’s voice was cold. “Colonel Adani leads the 501st Legion, but I’ve never met him. His service record is beyond spotless, his gallantry noted several times, and he has taken enormous steps to keep a very low profile, even from me.”
Tarkin’s eyes widened for the briefest of moments while he searched his mind desperately for some memory of him. 
“I…I don’t believe I’ve had the pleasure either. I do remember issuing orders to the 501st to help keep the peace and order that we have all enjoyed, but I can’t recall meeting their commander,” Tarkin ignored the sweat forming on his brow.  
“Let’s change that, shall we?” Palpatine sat back in his chair and turned around, dismissing his subordinate. 
Tarkin bowed to the back of the chair before exiting the office. The chill he felt from being in his presence began to subside as he waited for the turbolift. 
The human receptionist had already retired for the night. Tarkin snorted at the empty desk. The idea of someone like the Chancellor left to run the galaxy on his own was repulsive.  
Tarkin reached for his pad so he could write down Colonel Adani’s name. 
“Blast it,” he swore as he waited for the turbolift. 
His tunic was empty, devoid of the pad he was looking for. The only place it could be was back in the Chancellor’s office. Tarkin walked back to the doors leading back to the inner office, but a raised voice made him pause. 
“You got sloppy, careless,” a voice called out. It sounded like Palpatine, but not like him at the same time. 
Another voice spoke, but too quietly for Tarkin to hear. 
“No, there is a bigger picture at stake. Your pathetic vendetta against Skywalker should be beneath you,” Palpatine snapped. 
Tarkin leaned in close to the door, which was slightly ajar. Everyone had heard of Skywalker, he was one of the shining heroes of the war. Was Palpatine conversing with the rebels? They would be the only ones who might have a vendetta against Skywalker. 
"Lord Maul, do not throw away everything we worked for. The leadership of the Sith is nearly yours. Do you really want to forsake that because one Jedi is..." Palpatine said. 
Tarkin's breath caught in his throat. 
"Be mindful of whom you are speaking to, Lord Maul," the Chancellor's voice took on a very sinister tone. Tarkin could feel the chill return, but with a sharper bite. 
"I trained you myself and although I would not enjoy destroying my own creation, I will crush you like an insect should you wish to throw my plans into jeopardy. You will abide by the plan I put forth into motion. When the Jedi Order is in ashes, then you will do with Skywalker as you wish, not before," Palpatine growled. 
Tarkin backed away from the door as if the object itself were threatening him. How was it possible for a Sith Lord to obtain the office of the Supreme Chancellor? 
One inescapable conclusion challenged everything he knew about that man. 
Tarkin's mind whirled as he withdrew. Palpatine had had numerous briefings, meetings, and conversations with some of the most powerful members of the Jedi Order. He had been in the Jedi Temple itself, surrounded by Force-sensitive beings. Under their very noses, a being that struck fear into the hearts of the Jedi had become leader of a Galactic Republic. 
The turbolift couldn't arrive fast enough. 
Even as he descended to the lobby of the building, his eyes locked on the floor where a Sith Lord of innumerable power was giving orders that impacted not only billions of military members, but many trillions of citizens. 
Only when Tarkin was in his personal transport, being driven away from the Republic Executive Office Building, did he allow himself to relax. Now the mind of the most brilliant strategists in the Republic Armed Forces went to work. With the war winding down, the Jedi would insist that Palpatine relinquish some of his power. They would want to undo the security measures he put into place for the sake of the war.
Naturally, Palpatine would refuse. The Sith Lord would want to hold onto his office for as long as possible. This would cause a rift between him and the people. With an election bearing down on him, the Chancellor would face popular opposition. Bail Organa from Alderaan would be the logical choice for the people. The Jedi would back him and the Chancellor would lose. 
That would put a Dark Lord of the Sith, with the full force of the Republic's military, in a panic. 
"You're quieter than usual, sir," his driver commented. 
Tarkin opened his mouth to speak, but hesitated. The driver was hand-picked by Palpatine several years ago. Was it possible that the Sith Lord had been gathering information on him all that time?
"Just tired, I suppose," Tarkin remarked off-handedly. 
He knew he had to tread carefully, and he had to do it alone. If Tarkin played this hand that Lady Fate had dealt him correctly, perhaps Bail Organa wouldn't be the logical choice to ascend after all. He always believed that information was power. That being the case, Tarkin now was the most powerful human in the Republic. Blackmailing the Chancellor was impossible, of course. You can't blackmail someone who had the capacity to kill you with a glance. 
This game had just dealt him an entirely new hand. More than that, the stakes had just been raised to include his life.  

Chapter 3 

The time was not yet right. 
Images of Anakin Skywalker flashed through Darth Maul's mind. Twice he had faced the young Jedi in combat, twice he had escaped. There was anger within him, rage in his heart. But what was greater was his potential; the Jedi's power was immeasurable. 
The time was not yet right. 
Anakin would make the perfect acolyte, if he could be controlled. In the first duel Maul had enjoyed toying with the Jedi. The second time, he had just barely escaped with his life. He absently touched a seven-inch scar that ran down his leg; a visible memory of that duel. 
The time was not yet right. 
Turning Anakin to the Dark Side couldn't require much more effort. He was teetering on the edge, staring into the Abyss of the Force. All Anakin needed was a small push and he would fall. Then Darth Maul would be there to guide him, teach him, and bend his will to his new Master for all time. 
The time was not yet right. 
Another encounter with the rising star could easily lead to Darth Maul's death. He needed to immerse himself with the dark side, to shed any doubt of himself or his abilities. Anakin was an incredible being, perhaps too incredible, pushing Darth Maul to be more to control his new apprentice. 
The time would come soon. And so, Darth Maul goes to Korriban, the home of the Sith. 

Anakin had come to love Alderaan. It wasn't just the people or the culture, but it was the planet itself. The Force intertwined with the planet just as the people had done. The chief example of this was one of the Twenty Wonders of the Galaxy, Crevasse City. 
He enjoyed wandering through this canyon where the city was literally built into the canyon walls. Over three hundred kilometers of canyon had welcomed the people into itself. It was the living embodiment of how the Force lived within everything. 
Each and every day for the past week, he had wandered through the city. Unfortunately, meditating upon the Force while in this place wasn't the main reason why. Anakin was only a small cog in a grand design he had been working on. 
	He turned off the main street and headed toward the Crevasse City Collegium for Young Ladies, but the girls were not on his mind. 
As an added bonus, most of the people who lived here were isolated from the rest of the planet. They preferred to keep to themselves and not involve their lives with those outside the canyon. Anakin could be at peace here. He was free to move around the streets without being hounded by the mob. He could count on one hand the number of times he had even garnered a second glance. They respected his privacy as he did theirs. 
But not today. 
	Today, Anakin was being followed. 
	He had become accustomed to the fame that his victories had brought him. Going into Aldera was just fine as long as he was on official business and stayed indoors. Otherwise, a crowd would gather around him, following his every move. Anything he touched became popular among the masses. Businesses would plead with him to stop into their shop for the claim that the Chosen One had graced them with his presence. Crevasse City had been the opposite of that, until now. 
	Anakin cocked his head slightly as he walked down the avenue. His “shadow” was not only staying with him, but was making great effort to hide him or herself. A normal person would certainly have been fooled. 
	No, he thought to himself. A lesser person. 
Anakin brushed by a hunched-over, little man who was standing by a cart on an anti-gravity platform. He called out loudly to the passers-by. He had come through the street at this time every day for the past week, selling various wares. Today, however, he had different stock than before.
“The boy from Tatooine is now the Hero of Rishi!” the man hollered. 
Anakin winced at the mention of his home. 
He sat on a bench, trying to meditate, to center himself in this physical representation of the Force. The sun was rising, the birds dipped into the canyon to splash in a large fountain; it was a pristine day on a planet of paradise. The man provided enough distraction to where Anakin could not attain total focus. 
His “shadow” had paused nearby, pretending to adjust his robes. 
The old man was selling Anakin-related merchandise including clothing, shoes, and even mini-golden lightsabers. The merchandising didn’t bother Anakin, in fact, he rather enjoyed the attention. His Jedi training told him to shun such trivial things, but Anakin couldn’t help but smile. 
“Vials of sand for sale from his home planet!” the man shouted. 
The smile faded. 
Anakin’s tranquility had been disturbed for the last time. He ran a hand through his shaggy, sandy colored hair, and walked toward him. With every footstep, the uneasiness at the mention of his home faded. His balled fists had relaxed when he approached the cart. 
 “See something you like, young man?” he half-croaked, half-gasped to Anakin. 
“What is this supposed to be?” Anakin tapped a vial of clear liquid. 
“Snow from the Illum grounds outside the temple where he was trained,” the old man replied. 
Anakin raised an eyebrow as he shook the vial. 
“Well, it used to be snow,” the old man shrugged.  
	Anakin smiled warmly at the humor. “I think I’ll pass. May peace follow you.”
	Resuming his walk, Anakin tried to immerse himself in the Force again. His instincts wouldn’t allow him to settle, focusing instead on the person who was continuing to follow him. After a few more minutes of “Cat and Mouse” had passed, Anakin’s impatience got the better of him. 
	He feinted to his right, but sprinted into an alley on his left. He only went half a meter inside the alley before throwing himself against the wall. True to form, his shadow was only a handful of heartbeats behind him. Anakin grabbed the being by the shoulders and threw it against the opposite wall. 
	To his surprise, the shadow reacted instantly. Instead of colliding with the wall, it planted its feet against the wall and pushed off hard. Anakin was able to slide out of the way, igniting his golden lightsaber before facing whoever his shadow was. 
	That surprise paled in comparison when the shadow’s hood fell to reveal it was also Anakin Skywalker. 
	“Oh no way,” Anakin breathed. 
	His clone cocked his head to one side. “Oh no way,” it repeated. 
	Before Anakin could decide what to do next, the clone disappeared back into the street. He sprinted after the clone, but it had knowledge of the Force that made it run much faster than a normal person. 
	Thankfully, running on a dirt street left a tremendous dust cloud. Anakin came to a halt outside a door that led into a cavern wall. Above the door were several openings that had been carved out of the wall itself, doubling as windows. 
	“Let’s see who’s home,” Anakin muttered. Closing his eyes for a moment, he took a running leap into the air, catching the lower lip of a window. He hoisted himself inside a small room and waited a few moments to see if he had been discovered. 
	When there was no indication that an ambush was imminent, he slowly stood and crept toward the door. Halfway across the room, he stopped. Staring at the ceiling, he smiled to himself. His shadow was still a room or two away, but someone else entirely was here with him. 
	“How long have you been on Alderaan, Obi-Wan?” he asked. 


	For the first time that Tarkin could remember, he was actually willing to take a gamble. 
	Gambling was for fools. The odds were always stacked against you. Even if you had won a few games of chance in the short term, the house always won in the end. The house went to great lengths to ensure that you were there as long as possible, slowly bleeding your finances away until they discarded you like a withered husk. 
	Tarkin had not once gambled on anything in his life. His military career had been carefully planned step by step. Not everything had gone according to his plan, but when any opportunity presented itself, Tarkin had thoroughly researched it before committing. He delayed his proposal of marriage by ninety days, to provide additional time for research. 
	Today, everything was about to change. 
	The Holo-Net News Recording blazed on his monitor with such quality that it might have put Tarkin in the lecture hall at the Republic Military Academy. 
	“Gentlemen, you are to be among the first of a new breed of soldier. Not a short-lived clone, which is treated no better than cannon fodder by your Jedi Generals. Instead, you will be one of the soldiers who have true courage, love for your government, and an actual soul,” a tall man’s voice thundered. 
	“Clones were a mistake from the beginning, thrust upon us by the Jedi who demanded an army to combat the rebel threat. Our belief lies within ourselves, our brothers in arms. Their belief lies within their religion. Upon your graduation, you will be under Republic officers, and free from the yoke of aliens,” his voice rose. 
	“Starting today, the will of the people overrides the will of the fanatics,” he finished as the young recruits rose and applauded so loudly that Tarkin nearly drowned in the tumultuous roar. 
	“You will be the first,” Tarkin jotted Trachta’s name on a digital pad. 


	The Jedi Council meetings had seen days that were far more peaceful than this. Mace Windu ran a hand over his bald head in frustration. The bickering among them had happened before, but never to this level. Petty arguments were well-reasoned, logical, and never personal. 
	And until recently, they hadn't been recorded by the Office of the Supreme Chancellor. 
	“This is intolerable!” Master Kit Fisto shouted across the room. “I can’t believe you’re actually considering the Chancellor’s request.”
	“We have absolutely nothing to hide!” Master Shaak Ti shot back. “This is the only way we can unequivocally prove ourselves to the Galactic Senate.”
	Kit rose from his chair. “They have no right to make us do this. No legislative body has the right to make us surrender blood samples simply to prove our identities.”
	A golden protocol droid watched from a corner of the room. 
	Shaak Ti rose from her chair, with Jedi Master Plo Koon rising from his as well. “The threat remains until we extinguish it. Don’t you see? We must erase all doubt from the Senate’s mind.”
	She turned to face the Council as a whole. “We’re losing the trust of the Senate, the trust of the very citizens we’re protected for thousands of years. Their trust in us is as sacred as the Force itself. We must take whatever steps we can to secure that trust.” 
	Kit Fisto snorted angrily. “Don’t you have some babies to corral? Go be a nursemaid to the galaxy and leave the big decisions for the grown-ups.”
	Shaak Ti’s eyes widened. “For over twenty years, I have transported the children that have grown into knights, including padawans taken by members of this very Council. This is a noble task that others have taken on before me to help ensure the future of the Jedi Order itself! You spit on my honorable duties with your words!”
	Mace Windu, the Master of the Order, rose, his hands held up. “Friends, please. Let’s have a civil discussion as is expected of those who follow us.”
	The golden protocol droid's eyes focused in close. 
	Shaak Ti pointed a finger at Mace Windu. 
“Discussion?” Her voice rose. “Discussion? This should be an easy matter to decide. Why do we have to bicker and squabble over even the most mundane of details?”
She held out her arm. “Two drops of my blood is all that is required to prove I am a true Jedi, not some clone freak of nature.”
"My humble apologies," Kit Fisto bowed deeply. "I should have said 'you' are intolerable. Not to mention a wretched replacement for your master on the council."
Shaak Ti's hand flew to the curved hilt at her belt.
The protocol droid raised his hands in alarm. "Oh my!"
The doors to the Council Chamber opened, but barely anyone seemed to notice. Mace Windu smiled as his friend hobbled into the room, taking his seat at Mace’s right hand. 
Yoda, the oldest Jedi to sit on the Council, seemed to walk a little slower over the past few months. His hair had thinned; he spoke slower and more deliberately than before. After the Battle of Rishi, Yoda had spent a growing number of hours meditating in his private office. 
The Republic had gone through its share of conflicts, but this had taken a toll on him as never before. 
An eerie silence crept through the Council as though Yoda wore it as a shroud. The conversations died down, the Jedi Masters froze in mid-gesture, and all eyes turned to the small Master. 
"Master Yoda, it is as if you are able to read minds," Master Windu laughed and other Jedi chuckled with him. 
Master Yoda did not join in the laughter. 
Kit Fisto dropped the accusatory finger he was pointing at Shaak Ti. Plo Koon's audible breathing through his mask slowed and his eyes looked upon the floor sheepishly. The golden protocol droid put its hands back down. 
"Sense the disturbance two floors down, I could," Yoda rapped his cane on the floor. "Need that, my students do not."
"I'm sure I speak on behalf of the Council when I express our deepest apologies," Windu replied. 
Three masters scoffed openly, including Kit Fisto. 
"Long passed, the time for apologies is. Changed, the Council has. Out of balance, we have become. The war, I fear, has ripped apart more than the Republic," Yoda observed. 
Many masters nodded in agreement. 
Master Windu ran a hand over his bald head. He had broken out in a cold sweat as he reached for his chair. He stopped, halfway sitting down. He stared back at the chair as if it were an old friend.  Mace patted an arm of the chair comfortingly. 
"The time for change is at hand. The Council, indeed the entire Order, has been led astray during the Clone Wars. We have more questions than answers, Darth Maul continues to elude us, the Senate questions our judgment, and our students are being rushed through their training. They do not covet the lessons they learn, they see them as tools to use in conflict," Mace rose again. 
"I am issuing a directive that Master Yoda replaces me as Master of the Order. Effective immediately afterwards, I hereby resign."
The golden protocol droid's would note the extraordinarily long silence that followed. 

Chapter 4

	Anakin looked over his shoulder toward a dark corner of the room. Obi-Wan Kenobi stepped out of the shadows, embracing his friend. Obi-Wan looked as if he had aged three years since they had left Rishi only a few months before. His beard had become grayer than it used to, his face had more wrinkles, but his eyes still held the same fire Anakin had known for years. 
	“I’ve missed you, Obi-Wan,” Anakin whispered, mindful of their situation. “You should have told me you were coming to Alderaan.”
	Obi-Wan looked upon Anakin fondly. “I’m afraid Council business prevented me from contacting anyone at all. I can’t have my movements tracked while on the hunt.”
	Anakin cocked his head to one side. 
	Obi-Wan’s smile widened as he beckoned Anakin to follow. He placed two fingers to his lips before creeping toward the doorway. 
	They were perched on a walkway above a larger room. Below, six individuals were talking amongst themselves, gesturing toward the main entrance Anakin had leapt over to get inside. They all wore robes that covered their heads, but Anakin could feel their panic rise with every passing moment. 
	“Stop and think!” one of them shouted. “We must be prrrreparrred for whatever happens.”
	Anakin’s breath caught in his throat. He tapped Obi-Wan on the shoulder and pointed at the gathering. Obi-Wan nodded solemnly in return. 
	“I thought we had escaped unnoticed,” another said. 
	“Why can’t they just leave us alone!” a woman cried out. 
	Now Obi-Wan tapped Anakin on the shoulder. They retreated back to the small room and Obi-Wan lowered his hood. 
	“I’ve been observing them for some time. They appear to be seeking a new life for themselves,” he whispered. 
	“That’s insane,” Anakin replied. “They must be here plotting an attack on Alderaan.”
	His hands balled into fists as images of explosions rocking Aldera flooded his mind. He could see them rampaging through Crevasse City, cutting down anyone who got in their path. Hundreds, if not thousands, of people would be killed unless they acted. 
	Obi-Wan shook his head. “I’ve been on Alderaan for nearly a standard week. I’ve seen them come, go, eat, sleep, and talk among themselves. They are done with the war and only seek guidance in fulfilling their life’s potential. They just want to live, Anakin, like normal people.”
	“But they’re not normal, Obi-Wan. They’re freaks that have been plaguing the galaxy for years. Everything special from them came out of Ethan’s test tube,” Anakin spat. 
	“They deserve a chance to explore a life outside what they were ‘designed’ for. We might be able to use them as an example to the others, we could get them all to stop fighting,” Obi-Wan’s voice was tense. 
	“Do you hear yourself?” Anakin whispered. “They deserve a chance? Answer this for me, Obi-Wan: Why did they stop now? They could have stopped fighting at any point, exercised their free will at any time, why now? Why on Alderaan?”
	Obi-Wan’s face was grim, but set. “I’ve watched them, Anakin.”
	Anakin’s face turned to stone. “You mean you sympathized with them.”
	Obi-Wan’s face finally softened after a long silence. He turned to look out the window for a moment. “You’ve been my student, and my friend, for a long time. Unless you have evidence to the contrary, you have to trust my judgment.”
	“Pretty big coincidence that Padme and I are here at the same time, wouldn’t you say?” he pressed. 
	Obi-Wan looked at the floor for a moment. 
	“Wouldn’t you agree that the Jedi they murdered in the war deserved a chance also? Where was their plea for normality then?” Anakin’s hand went to his lightsaber. 
	“Murder cannot beget murder,” Obi-Wan muttered. 
	“Eventually, they’ll turn on us,” Anakin put a hand on his friend’s shoulder. “All clones do in the end.”
	“No, I’m sorry Anakin, but I cannot let you do this,” Obi-Wan said in a weak voice. 
	Anakin crossed his arms. “Oh okay, so what's your idea?"
	Obi-Wan revealed a slight smile. "We take them with us. We take the lot of them back to Coruscant, bring them before the Jedi Council, and get them some help."
	"Help?" Anakin said, a little louder than he meant to.
	"Help?" he repeated, quieter. "What help is there for them? Obi-Wan, for the Force's sake, they are a group of ticking time bombs!"
	"The Jedi Order has the best medical care in the galaxy. Anakin, if there is even a half a chance for them, we have to give it to them," Obi-Wan replied. 
	"What if one of those clones loses their mind on-board the ship back to Coruscant and slices a hole in the hull? Or near a student at the Jedi Temple?" Anakin asked. 
	"Or near Padme?" Obi-Wan prodded. 
	"Or near anyone," Anakin affirmed. 
	A long silence filled the void between them. The hurried conversations from the group below them seeped through the open doorway. 
	“There’s been enough death for me this week,” Obi-Wan muttered. 
	“What do you mean?” Anakin asked. 
	Obi-Wan stared at the floor for a moment. “Master Drallig didn’t make it.”
	Anakin’s heart sank. Master Cin Drallig was an expert duelist who had taught Anakin some valuable lessons at the Jedi Temple on Coruscant. The time spent with him had been thrilling. He had suffered grievous wounds fighting Darth Maul on Rishi. Now, those wounds had proved fatal. 
	“Darth Maul will pay for everything he’s done,” Anakin vowed. “But that’s for another time.”
	Obi-Wan’s eyes widened. “You just brushed off the news of his death? Just like that?”
	Anakin pointed toward the door. “That danger down there is real and it is imminent. I’ll mourn later, but I won’t do it while staring down the faces of those that need to be dealt with.”
	"We can't leave these clones to Alderaanian Security, we can't trust them to survive a journey, and we can't put lives in danger by exercising mercy to genetic experiments. They could go insane at any moment. How many more people are we going to put at risk?” Anakin asked. 
	Obi-Wan did not protest, but did not look back at his friend either. 
	Now, Anakin looked down at the floor for a moment. "I thought you realized that things had changed. Everything has changed after Rishi."
	Obi-Wan turned his back on him. "Doing what is right will never change."
	Anakin's hand went to his lightsaber. "We are doing what's right. Put your trust in the Chosen One."
	Obi-Wan nodded slowly before reaching for his blade as well. Together, they left the small room and leapt over the balcony. Their lightsabers lit up the room, highlighting the horror each clone felt as they saw the Jedi drop in on them from above. 
	“Shameful”, a voice whispered. 
	While falling, Anakin’s head whipped up. High above him, for a fraction of a second, Ethan Organa was mournfully shaking his head at Anakin. 
	The vision faded when Anakin hit the ground. 

	Their walk out of Crevasse City was steady, but solemn. Obi-Wan’s steps lagged behind his friend as they headed toward Anakin’s private vacation suite. He tried to put everything out of his mind, but everything nagged at him all at once. 
	The clones had seemed peaceful enough. They had meditated, tried expanding their knowledge of the Force, and really seemed to make progress in their peaceful lives. Had it all been a lie? He couldn’t have kept an eye on them twenty-six hours a day. Were they plotting to murder Anakin, Padme, and their unborn child to avenge their comrades? 
	“Listen,” Anakin swallowed hard. “When we see Padme, you can’t mention Khian.”
	“She still mourns for him?” Obi-Wan guessed. 
	Anakin nodded and glanced nervously over his shoulder. 
	“You have my word. I won’t be staying long anyway,” Obi-Wan promised. 
	Anakin clapped him on the shoulder. “No more hiding out in some hole in the wall for you. I insist you stay with us until we head back to Coruscant in ten days.”
	Obi-Wan smiled. He could always count on Anakin to look on the brighter side of life. It was a gift he had that, despite devastation taking place all around them, he could put a smile on anyone’s face. 
	“I’m afraid the Council will recall me sooner than that. I was only here for this mission, nothing more,” Obi-Wan replied. 
	True to form, Anakin’s smiling face never wavered. “Too bad your mission is taking longer than expected. We handled the clones, but who knows how many others lurk in the shadows,” his voice took on an overly dramatic tone. 
	Obi-Wan couldn’t help but smile with him. “Perhaps a vacation is in order,” he said. “For only a few days,” he added quickly. 
	Anakin threw an arm around him as they approached the base of his mountain suite. “By the Force,” Obi-Wan breathed. “Chancellor Palpatine did all this for you?”
	Anakin winked at him, but Obi-Wan’s face fell. “Anakin, the government and the Jedi Order have always kept themselves separated from each other. Being embraced by a politician makes me rather nervous.”
	His friend raised an eyebrow as they stepped into the turbolift. “We won a tremendous victory. Why shouldn’t the Republic be thankful of its warriors?”
	Obi-Wan stopped in his tracks. “We’re not warriors, we’re Jedi.”
	Anakin shrugged. “You say wahm-pa, I say wham-pa.”
	“No Anakin. You are still my padawan…” Obi-Wan started. 
	“…a padawan who is the single greatest hero in the Republic,” Anakin argued. 
	“…and you will listen to me,” Obi-Wan finished. “The only reason we fight is to preserve, not to destroy. Violence is a last resort. True, when we use a lightsaber, it is an incredible weapon. But the best tool in our arsenal is right up here,” he tapped his forehead. “To be used to bring and keep the peace, for all time.”
	Anakin rolled his eyes. 
	Obi-Wan’s frustration grew. “Anakin, what happens when the war is over? When there are no battles to fight? I know we rushed you into the war, but when the war ends, you will find that there won't be much dueling to be done."
	Anakin had a gleam in his eye. "Well, I suppose I'll have to settle for raising a family."
	He pulled a long metal object from his belt, looking at it with a sense of longing. “My son will have this one day, Obi-Wan. I want to pass this down to him because, well…” his voice wavered. “…no one ever passed anything to me. I’ll have a strong family with a legacy and heritage to celebrate.”
	“You want your son to have a weapon of war? An instrument of death?” Obi-Wan asked. 
	“Why shouldn’t he?” Anakin’s grip on the lightsaber tightened. 
	“My friend,” Obi-Wan sighed. “I’ve never liked that saber. Finding the crystal on Illum was…”
	Anakin’s face brightened. “Miraculous?”
	Obi-Wan scowled. “Disturbing. What you found on Illum was an aberration, something not found in nature. Lightsabers are symbols of the Jedi, tools to be used for peace and justice throughout the galaxy.”
	Anakin looked down at the metal hilt. “I’ve never seen it that way.”
	“You’ve never had the opportunity,” Obi-Wan said. “Trust me, when the war is over, I’ll help you build a saber you can be proud of as a Knight of the Jedi Order.”
	“And pass it to my son,” Anakin said as more of a statement than a question. 
	Obi-Wan put an arm around Anakin's shoulder. "And I suppose I'll be teaching another Skywalker how to use the Force?"
	Anakin laughed. "How about you teach him to duel, that way I can be sure he'll never beat me."
	Obi-Wan's grip tightened around Anakin until he was secured in a headlock. "I don't need a lightsaber to beat you!"
	The doors opened, but the pair did not break their tussle. 
	"Ahem."
	It took Padme's voice to make them freeze in mid-struggle. 
Her eyes narrowed, her brow furrowed, and a frown was on her face, making the two Jedi heroes feel rather sheepish. Obi-Wan released his grip on Anakin and they stood straight up together. Anakin rubbed the back of his neck, looking anywhere but at her face. 
“You two, our saviors, the best of the best, carrying on in such a deplorable and boyish manner,” she waved a finger at them.
There was no response that they could give. 
Her face broke into a smile. “I hope you never change.”
The two Jedi breathed a huge sigh of relief. Anakin rushed forward to embrace her while Obi-Wan laughed deep and long. 
“I’d rather face ten Darth Mauls than you in a sour mood,” Obi-Wan laughed. 
The three beamed at each other for a long moment while Obi-Wan looked at them both. He was amazed how good they looked together. It was just natural to see Anakin standing beside Padme, one arm around her, smiling and being so happy. Perhaps the Jedi Council had been wrong all this time. How could anything this wondrous lead to such disaster that forbade all emotional ties? 
His heart lingered on Cerasi for half-a-heartbeat longer than he wanted. 
"How did you spend your day?" Anakin asked Padme. 
"Mostly just enjoyed the view," Padme gestured to the balcony. "Although I did stop by Aldera for a little bit. I saw this and just had to get it for you."
She handed Anakin the mini-golden lightsaber that Bail Organa had given her. 
He laughed long and hard before passing it to Obi-Wan. "I wonder if I should get a piece of the merchandising revenue."
Obi-Wan held the lightsaber with two fingers, as though it might bite him. 
"What? Oh come on, Obi-Wan, I think it's great," Anakin said. 
"I don't," Obi-Wan flatly replied. 
Anakin rolled his eyes and snatched the lightsaber out of his hand. Obi-Wan's eyes narrowed the same moment a long, uncomfortable silence settled in. Anakin's smile faded during the quiet moment. 
"Well, do I get the grand tour or should I wait for the shuttle?" Obi-Wan resumed his jovial state. 
The vacation suite was beyond breathtaking. The cool stone floors, the waterfall, the advanced media and communications lounge; it was something only Viceroys or Ambassadors would retreat to. All of this was reserved for a Jedi who had done heroic deeds during a war. 
Perhaps glory had its perks after all. 
"On the way here, I was trying to convince Obi-Wan to stay for the rest of our stay," Anakin remarked as they overlooked the magnificent vista on their mountain balcony. 
Padme shifted her weight from one foot to the other, but said nothing. 
Anakin looked down at her. "I don't need to be a Jedi to know something's up."
Obi-Wan sensed Padme's nervousness and jumped in ahead of her. "The Council really does want me back sooner rather than later. No rest for us mere mortals, after all."
"We've been over this," Anakin huffed. "The Council won't mind if you're back a bit late. If need be, we'll send a message letting them know you're taking some much needed rest. You deserve this too!"
"Anakin," Padme spoke up softly. "I've been away from Coruscant too long. The war isn't over; we're both needed back where we belong. This vacation has been great..."
"My beloved, the politician,” Anakin huffed. 
Padme elbowed him in the ribs. "My point stands. We still have a job to do."
Anakin put an arm around her. "I'm hopelessly outnumbered!"
He reached out with his other arm and pulled Obi-Wan in close as well. "I'll agree to your terms. In fact, I'll make both of you very happy by bringing Coruscant to us."
"What are you talking about?" Padme asked. 
"Who would turn down an invitation to our wedding?" Anakin asked nonchalantly. 
Obi-Wan's jaw dropped almost as fast as Padme's eyes widened. 
"You're serious?" they both asked at the same time. 
"I figure I should make an honest woman out of you," Anakin smirked. "And, as an added bonus, I'll invite the entire Jedi Council. You can give your report to them, in person, after we say our vows."
"This is why you've been going to Crevasse City every morning?" Padme asked. 
Anakin ran a hand through his hair. "Guilty as charged. I found the perfect spot where the ceremony will be performed. When the sun hits the canyon walls at just the right time..." his voice trailed off as he gazed over the balcony. 
Padme turned a slight shade of green. 
"It'll be perfect. I'm pretty sure it can hold several thousand people," Anakin said trivially. 
Padme's shade of green deepened. 
"I've even spoken with several different caterers. We’ll need them all to cover an event of this size," Anakin went on. 
Padme's knees trembled. 
"The biggest problem will be the logistics of it all. Transporting diplomatic dignitaries from several dozen star systems, along with the Chancellor's entourage, all of Alderaan might be used to get them to the wedding," Anakin smiled. 
Padme leaned against Obi-Wan for support. 
"I think I need to sit down," Padme said in a voice not much louder than a whisper. 
"Should we go for an eight layer or nine layer cake? I was thinking something really gaudy, something that really symbolizes not only our love, but our importance to the galaxy," Anakin shrugged. 
"Anakin!" Obi-Wan called. 
"Eh?" Anakin looked back to see Obi-Wan gesturing to the nearly prone form of Padme. 
"Perhaps we could slow down a bit?" Obi-Wan helped Padme to a nearby lounge chair. Her breathing was rapid and shallow. Anakin dropped to one knee and took her hand in both of his. 
"Am I thinking too big?" Anakin asked. 
Padme nodded. 
"How about a compromise?" Obi-Wan offered. "Get married in a small ceremony on Alderaan. If Padme agrees, we can throw you quite the bash on Coruscant after Padme gets a little used to the idea."
Padme brightened up almost instantly. 
"Sure, why not?" Anakin shrugged. 
"You mean it? It sounds like you've been set on this wedding for a while now," Padme asked. 
"Yeah, but I'll get a little of what I want. Besides, there's nothing more important to me than for you to be happy," Anakin kissed her forehead. 
"You're not from here, though," Padme pointed out. "We don't have to have a ceremony on Alderaan at all. We can go to Tatooine or..." 
"Absolutely not!" Anakin interrupted. "I mean," he said in a calmer voice. "Alderaan is your home and I can't imagine any other place in the galaxy that will ever be as special to me as this world."

--------------------------------

"You haven't reported in for three weeks, what the hell are you doing?"
Lord Sidious couldn't afford to reveal his anger too often. The rare times that he did while only a few kilometers from the Jedi Council more than communicated his seriousness. Unfortunately, Darth Maul’s patience was nearing its end as was his decorum. 
"I told you," Darth Maul growled. "I've needed training to face Skywalker again."
"Did your training include mouthing off?" Sidious asked. 
Darth Maul felt a single bead of sweat roll down his forehead as he knelt before the holo-image of his dark master. 
"I apologize," he said through gritted teeth. 
"No matter," Sidious waved his hand dismissively. "A new assignment dawns for you. The destruction of the Jedi will soon be at hand. You must be by my side if we are to be successful."
Darth Maul almost chuckled. "You still believe brute force will be needed against the Jedi Order?"
"I see no other alternative. There is nothing to stand in my way. I have no opposition. Together, and with the military behind us, we will wipe them from history itself. Before too long, the Jedi will fade into myth and legend," Sidious's image smiled. 
"I will come when I am ready," Maul said. 
"You will come when you are summoned," Sidious snapped. 
"I will come when I am ready for Skywalker," Maul turned off the holo-imager. 

Chapter 5

Tarkin resisted the urge to glance at the chronometer for the third time. The crisp, purified air of the office matched the clean, smooth walls. It was a good room, a room he felt comfortable in. Even better, it was a room that made others feel uncomfortable. 
But being kept waiting wasn't part of the design. 
He drummed his fingers on the flawless, white table. He reviewed the notes on his datapad once again. Finally, he actually allowed his posture to slacken. It wasn't like Mace Windu to keep him waiting so long. 
Tarkin gave into his urge and let out a sigh when he saw the meeting was four minutes overdue. 
He was beginning to reshape his daily schedule in his head when the door opened and closed again. He was curious because no one had entered. Before he could stand up to investigate, a wooden stick slapped onto the table. 
Bits of wood and dirt splattered nearby, including a splinter near his datapad. Tarkin's face couldn't hide his disgust, but he quickly regained his composure as Master Yoda climbed into the chair opposite of him. The small Jedi had to stand so he could see over the table, but there was no mistaking the same, placid smile he had on his face. 
"My apologies," Tarkin flicked the splinter away with two fingers. "I am meeting with Master Windu. If we have a meeting set up, I'm sure it is at a later time."
"A meeting with the Grand Master, you have," Yoda beamed at him. "Which is why I am here."
Tarkin had to use a great deal of effort to hide his surprise. "Oh really? I hadn't heard there was a change in leadership at the Jedi Order."
"Precious, my time has become. Proceed with the agenda, we should," Yoda said. 
Tarkin clenched his hands into fists. His time was precious? Perhaps he shouldn't have been late to begin with and kept him waiting. 
"But of course," he bowed his head courteously. "Master Windu and I had previously discussed interstellar transportation. Today's meeting is regarding..."
"Why you?" Yoda interrupted. 
Tarkin sat a little straighter in his chair, his mouth hanging open. 
Yoda blinked, that same smile on his face. 
"I beg your pardon?" he asked. 
“Why meeting with a Sector Marshal, is the Grand Master of the Order?” he clarified. 
Tarkin felt the bile rise in his throat. “I am far more than that, Master Yoda. I not only command fleets and armies, but agriculture, transportation, trade, and other aspects that impact the lives of billions of citizens.”
“So much power, you wield,” Yoda observed. 
“It is a heavy burden, but I bear it gladly,” Tarkin replied. 
Yoda’s smile did not fade. “Part of your job description, it was not, until this war began. Discuss, we will, how to restore your proper duties.”
“This meeting is not about me,” Tarkin stated flatly. 
“Significant changes have been made,” Yoda continued. “Your income increased, new houses purchased.”
“I have invested wisely,” Tarkin deflected. 
“At your beck and call, are many powerful people,” Yoda said off-handedly. 
“I serve the Republic,” Tarkin tried to counter. 
“Elevated status comes with many perks and privileges you didn’t have before,” Yoda pursued.
“This meeting is not about me!” Tarkin shouted.  
“Speak with the government executives, the Jedi shall, to restore proper order as it was before the Clone Wars began,” Yoda said. 
Tarkin’s eye twitched. “You feel I have not been doing my job adequately?”
“Overstepped your position, you have,” Yoda replied. 
“I…I serve the Republic,” Tarkin felt battered. 
“Correct that, I will.”


If Padme beamed any harder, she was certain that Breha Organa would have needed to shade her eyes. 
Breha, the Viceroy's wife, had worked day and night to make her wedding dress. Despite being married to the most powerful politician on the planet, she was no stranger to hands-on labor. Creating something so beautiful out of a roll of fabric was her specialty and on Padme's wedding day, her handiwork had never been finer. 
"If you don't hold still, you'll be late for your own wedding," Breha smiled up at Padme. "My mother once told me that everyone waits for the bride, but the bride should not keep everyone waiting."
"I'm sorry," Padme blushed. "I'm just trying to take it all in."
"All of what?" she asked. 
Before Padme could answer, a knock at the double door leading into this private room stopped her. Breha held up a single finger and called out over her shoulder. 
"No peeking!" 
The door cracked open and a man's face poked through the small opening. Bail Organa, Viceroy of Alderaan, stuck his beaded face into the room. He smiled a father's smile as he pushed his way in and quickly closed the door behind him.
"If I'm giving away the bride, I should know what she looks like," he chuckled. 
“She’s rather hard to miss, dear,” Breha smirked. 
He helped Breha to her feet and held her for a long moment, his hands covering her ever-growing abdomen. After they broke the embrace, they turned to look longingly at Padme. 
"I do believe she's the second-most beautiful pregnant bride on the planet," Bail smiled. 
Breha playfully elbowed him in the ribs. "My mother once said that on her wedding day, nothing beats the bride. Tomorrow? That's another matter altogether."
She winced for a moment, causing looks of concern from Padme and Bail. 
"It's fine," she breathed. "She just kicked again. I think she's also eager to walk down the aisle."
Bail covered his face in his hands. “A father’s nightmare!”
"I know the feeling," Padme rubbed her belly. "How far ahead are you?"
"Just a few weeks," Breha smiled. "Of course, you might be premature..."
A look of absolute horror crossed Bail's face. 
"... and we'll have them together," Padme finished in a whisper. "I'm so sorry. I'm sure this time everything will be fine."
Breha failed to put up a brave face while Bail didn't even try. 
A long silence filled the room before Bail cleared his throat. 
"I think I'll check to make sure Anakin is sober," he faked a chuckle before leaving the room. Before the door could even close, Anakin's hand jammed into the opening before he barged into the room. 
"The bride!" Breha howled. She put herself between Anakin and Padme, spreading her arms wide. 
"Anakin!" Padme stomped her foot. "You're not supposed to see me before..."
He waved his hand dismissively. "Yeah, because we have a history of following the rules."
Bail Organa followed him back in, shrugging his shoulders. "Was there a reason you decided to break this particular rule?"
Anakin glared at him for a moment. "I need a reason to say hello to my bride?"
He turned back around to see both Padme and Breha giving him a harder glare than he expected. Padme was tapping her foot, with her hands on her hips. 
"Right," Anakin cleared his throat. "I thought I..."
"You could at least say I look nice," Padme fumed. 
Anakin took a step back and eyed her up and down. He cocked his head to one side, squinted, and let out a low whistle. "You're a vision, a pure vision."
"Thank you," she replied. "You look nice as well."
She was too upset at his impertinence to say more than that, but Anakin actually looked strikingly handsome. He was in a crisp, black, suit with brown edging to reflect his Jedi life. The Republic emblem was intertwined with the Jedi Order’s symbol on his right breast pocket. Like her dress, his suit was tailor-made to fit him perfectly. 
"I thought you should have this before you walk down the aisle. I made it just for you, just for this day," Anakin handed her a small box. 
Breha hadn't moved. She looked questioningly at Padme while Bail barely dared to breathe. 
Padme took the box and nearly dropped it after opening it up. Inside was the miniature lightsaber that Bail had given her to give him. He had affixed it into a pendant that was the center of a bracelet made of a reflective metal that changed colors when different shades of light shined upon it. 
"That's...it's..." she stammered. 
Breha put a hand to her mouth. 
Bail's face lost all color. 
Anakin smirked. "Perfect, I know. I'll see you at the other end of the aisle."
"I'll be the one wearing white," Padme smiled. Anakin winked at her before striding out of the room as though his feet would barely touch the ground with Bail Organa in tow. 
"I believe you were about to give me a lovely monologue?" Breha went to work on one of Padme's sleeves. 
"No, no," Padme shook her head. "I'm fine."
"Today you have the ear of the First Lady of Alderaan," Breha said with a wink, although her eyes lingered on the bracelet. "Tomorrow, you'll have to make an appointment. 
Padme let her breath out slowly. "Well a few years ago, I was just trying to stay out of Senator Bolet's way. Now I'm about to be a Galactic Senator, helped fight off a Sith Lord, marrying the man I love, and I have the Viceroy's wife, the Lady of Alderaan herself, working on my wedding dress."
"Oh, and here I thought you had led a memorable life," Breha chuckled. "My mother once told me if you don't hold still, you're going to get pinned."
Padme took another deep breath. 
"Can I ask you something without being too forward?" Padme asked the Viceroy's wife. 
"You're the bride, you can do what you like. And even if you weren't the bride, I'd be happy to answer your question," Breha worked the needle like a master professional. 
Padme still hesitated a moment longer. "How did you know...I mean, about the Viceroy, how did you know that he..."
The personal question didn't even cause Breha to pause mid-stitch. 
“Ask yourself this question: Is there anyone else in the galaxy that could make you feel as happy as he does?” she asked. 
“Not a soul,” Padme replied without hesitation. 
Breha kept working, but raised an eyebrow. “I apologize, I thought you and…well you two seemed happy together.”
“Who was that?” Padme asked. 
Breha shook her head. “I’m sorry dear; the ordeal you went through on Rishi was rather horrific. I shouldn’t bring it up on this day of all days. My mother once told me that bad news can always keep until another time.”
Padme began humming an upbeat tune, swaying with the beat. 
“You’ll end up with worse scars than during your wilder days if you don’t stop moving,” Breha said. 
Padme instinctively rubbed her abdomen. "Oh that’s right, everything is going to be different now. I think my 'memorable' years are behind me now that I have a family to think about."
Breha paused for a moment. 
“I’m nearly done,” she said too quickly. 
Padme stopped humming. She was a master of playing at tact and decorum in the political arena, but what she was not used to was speaking about her pregnancy with a woman who had suffered heartache for nearly a decade. 
Hearing Padme’s sudden silence, she perked up immediately. “All finished, let’s take a look at you.”
Padme turned to face the multi-angled mirrors that revealed every inch of her body cocooned in the wedding dress that the Viceroy’s wife had labored over. 
“I never thought…” Padme felt a tear roll down her cheek. 
“Yep,” Breha cocked her head sideways and smiled. “Anakin won’t know what hit him.”

----------------------------------------------

Padme felt a little un-easy as they left Alderaan's orbit. In some of her darkest hours, the red-painted transport affectionately named The Bucket had always been there for her. She had fully expected to travel back to Coruscant on the same ship. 
Her heart was a little heavier when she boarded the Consular-class transport that was far larger than The Bucket. It was a multi-engine transport, sleek in its own way, but still foreign to her. 
"I do hope you aren't expecting the same ceremony when you are sworn in as Galactic Senator of Alderaan when we arrive," Viceroy Organa chuckled. "My wife can work wonders with a dress, but not every day."
Padme blushed a little. "She's been too kind to me already, I wouldn't dream of asking her for more."
He smiled down at her for a long while. 
"Was it something I said?" Padme ran a hand through her hair. "Or is my hair out of place?"
"Hardly," he replied. "I'm just eager to get you to Coruscant. Things are not proceeding as we had hoped."
"Who's 'we'?" Padme asked. 
The Viceroy of Alderaan stared out the window. "You're not ready yet."
"But I'm ready to be a Galactic Senator?" she asked. 
"I have complete faith in you," Bail assured her. 
Padme folded her arms. How was it possible for someone to have complete faith in her, yet not tell her the finer details that seemed so important? Her heart told her that you had to believe in someone whose family had ruled Alderaan for generations to be the peaceful world they were today. 
But her mind was haunting her with doubts. 
"May I ask another question?" she asked. 
"But of course," that same, fatherly, smile returned. 
"Both you, and your wife, have been so kind to me. It's almost though you were treating me as your daughter," the veteran politician chose her language deliberately. 
As expected, Bail Organa winced at the word. 
"Yet," she continued. "You both seem to get nervous around me at the same time. It seems the longer I'm with you two, the friendlier and more anxious you become."
Bail stood up and stared at the passing starlines outside their window. For a long time, there was no sound in the room other than the hum of the engine. Padme began to wonder if she had made an error and pressed too far. This man had personally helped to elevate her in politics, was someone she had idolized for a lifetime, but had she touched a nerve? 
"You know that Ethan was our son." It was more statement than question. 
Padme nodded, even though he wasn't looking at her. Her heart began to race as he took a deep breath. 
"He was my son from my first marriage. His mother died from complications due to childbirth," there was a quiver in his voice. 
"Senator Bolet used to talk about it. He said the entire star system was in mourning for an entire month when she died," Padme said, allowing the Viceroy time to gather himself. 
He turned to face her. "He was one of my closest friends and there for me in what was one of my darkest hours."
"Breha and I loved Ethan, even after he..." 
The Viceroy couldn't finish the sentence. 
"And so you associate me with his death," Padme felt a sickening weight drop into her stomach. 
Bail actually laughed. "Not in the slightest. While we mourn for my son, we know he died fighting for what was right. If anything, you and Anakin are responsible for his coming back to the light. I'm grateful for that."
"Then why?" she abandoned all hope of tact to get to the answer. 
"Fear," Bail sighed. "I rule Alderaan, but fear rules my house."
"I don't understand," Padme said. "The world knows that Breha was barren before this pregnancy. It is nothing short of a miracle that this happened at all."
Bail stood up abruptly and stared out a viewport. 
"This is the fifth time she's been pregnant," Bail stared out into space. 
Padme's jaw slackened, her eyes widened, and her mind went blank. She was thunderstruck. 
Bail put a hand to his chest. "It was far better to let people believe that she had simply suffered from disappointment than from the heartache of four miscarriages. The doctors are confident that this child will survive, but we've heard that so many times before. If something happens this time, we'll never try again. We simply cannot take much more of this pain."
"When we see you, all we feel is fear. Fear that you will be subjected to the horror that we had to face. Fear that you and Anakin will only know endless nights of sobbing into pillows. Fear that you will have to endure months of medical tests to find out what’s wrong or wondering if the heavens cursed you for a past transgression. Despite all the 'best wishes' and 'good lucks' in the galaxy, all we know is fear," he continued.
He turned to face her. 
"And I never want you to know what this hell is like."
The silence that followed was suffocating. It was as if the vacuum of the moment invaded Padme's inner-self, stealing every ounce of breath from her. The void consumed her as a single tear rolling down her cheek was her only avenue of expression. 
Until the door chime sounded. 
That series of sounds was her salvation, an opening that forced the void to rush out of her. Padme gulped in a breath, but it was no relief to her as it only helped her choke out a sob. 
"Am I interrupting?" a tall man stood at the doorway. 
His hair was jet-black and worn longer than she had seen in other officers. It suited his facial structure as Padme noticed that there were other oddities about him. He didn't wear the uniform of an officer of the Galactic Republic, but that of the Alderaanian Home Guard. His numerous military ribbons indicated he had been successful in combat, but he also wore a pin on his chest no one else could. 
The pin had the Organa Family Crest on it. 
Padme turned her face away from the crewman so she could wipe her eye. By the time she looked back, the vulnerable and pained Bail Organa had vanished. The Viceroy and First Galactic Senator of Alderaan had returned. 
"Padme, I don't believe you were introduced to our generous host," Bail said. 
"It is difficult to do so when he hasn't entered the room," Padme replied. 
Bail's eyes narrowed, and then covered his face with his hand as he laughed. "Goodness, Captain, you don't need my permission to enter my quarters every single time you ring."
The captain with the jet-black hair raised a hand. "It would be highly inappropriate."
Bail crossed the room in great strides, seized that hand, and yanked the decorated military officer into the room. Padme couldn't help but laugh with them. 
"This is Captain Raymus Antilles. War hero, steadfast friend, and my personal captain formerly of the Sundered Heart," Bail introduced. 
Padme bowed slightly as he snapped to attention. 
"And the last, true, gentleman in the galaxy," Bail said sarcastically. 
"Decorum has its place, particularly in the presence of our two senators," Raymus cracked a smile. 
Padme winced for a moment as a cramp struck her. 
"I was about to suggest," Captain Antilles took immediate notice. "That the hour is late and we have a long flight ahead of us. I'll be powering down the Big-T shortly until the morning."
"Powering down?" Padme asked. 
"Yes m'lady," Captain Antilles replied. "We're going to run silent as we head to Coruscant. With both our senators on-board, we can't be too careful."
"Won't that mean throttling back on the engines, extending our trip?" Padme asked. 
"Such is the price of war," Bail replied. 
Padme cocked her head to one side. With the rebellion withering away, what threat would find them in the Core Systems?
"Yes, of course," Bail put in. "Will you join me on the bridge in the morning?"
Padme nodded, only half-hearing the question. 
She didn't remember the walk back to the quarters she shared with her husband. Padme should have been excited to see him again, but this extreme safety measure was nagging at her. Captain Antilles insisted on escorting her back to her quarters. 
"She's quite the ship," she remarked. 
"Ah yes," he touched a bulkhead with affection. "The Big-T is sturdy. Some captains prefer the bulky battlecruisers or sleeker destroyers. Me? Give me a Consular ship that won't let you down when you need her the most."
They stopped at her quarters. Before Padme opened the door, she turned back to Captain Raymus Antilles. 
"Big-T?" she asked. 
"Just another name we have for the Tantive IV," he snapped to attention before walking away. 

----------------------------------

Padme had enjoyed being an early riser while on Alderaan. There was nothing more stirring to her spirit than to see the sun greet her planet. To feel the first rays of the day was so reassuring, so comforting. 
The morning had reached Padme's spirit, even in the depths of space. 
She dressed quietly, not wanting to wake Anakin. Even while wiping the sleep from her eyes, she had her morning planned. It would be a treat to bring her new husband breakfast. Whatever put a smile on his face was magnified ten-fold in her heart. 
In her robe and slippers, she glided down the main corridor toward the Crew's Galley. She only passed a few members of the crew in the dimly-lit hallway. They greeted her, but quickly went about their business. The ship was still on silent running and most non-essential systems were offline. 
It was hushed whispers that made her stop. 
"...can't be serious...would never..."
"...capable of...Anakin..."
Hearing her husband's name sent the hairs on the back of her neck rising straight up. She crept toward the Mess, thankful her slippers were quieter than her usual high-heeled footwear. 
"You're already planning defeat," Obi-Wan said. 
"I'm preparing for the worst," Bail Organa replied. "We are all at risk."
"Ordering three more Consular-class transports? You don't think that will draw attention?" Obi-Wan asked. 
"With the war supposedly winding down, the military won't miss them. I named them all Tantive for a reason. Dammit, Kenobi, I'm not stupid," he hissed. 
"And if someone comes looking for the Star of Alderaan?" Obi-Wan asked. 
"Another casualty of war," Bail replied. 
There was a long silence in the Crew's Mess. Padme's breath caught in her throat, wondering if she had been discovered. 
"I don't like lying," Obi-Wan said at last. "We have no reason to be dishonest to anyone."
A fist slammed on a table, causing Padme to jump. 
"We have every reason," Bail said angrily. 
"Keep your mood contained or it will wake up Anakin," Obi-Wan warned. 
A long breath was exhaled. 
"Don't think of it as lying; think of it as withholding the truth for a time, only for a time. You better get used to that if you want to survive what's coming, Kenobi," Bail advised. 
Another silence. 
"I trust Anakin with my life," Kenobi said almost as a plea. 
"We can't afford to do that either," Bail replied. "Even Yoda is moving against him, to restrain him. He’ll discuss that with you when you arrive. Anakin has followers now so shackling him is a must. And for the love of the Force, keep him away from Palpatine."
"And Padme? Are we to keep her in the dark as well?" Obi-Wan asked. 
"For now," Bail said heavily. "Until we're sure she's fully recovered from what happened to her on Rishi."
Padme's heart skipped a beat. All of her injuries had healed some time ago. 
"Is there nothing..." Bail began, but was cut off. 
"Anakin won't allow it," Kenobi finished. "She just needs time. If anything, getting back to work is probably some of the best medicine for her. Once her mind gets past what happened to her, I'm sure she'll be back to normal."
Padme's heart nearly leapt out of her throat. That one word sounded to her like a death knell. 
Normal.
Padme had been perfectly happy since arriving on Alderaan. How much more normal could she be? She leaned back against the bulkhead a little harder than she wanted to, killing the conversation as both men went silent. Padme silently cursed herself for losing her composure before shuffling into mess hall. 
“Good morning,” she half-yawned to them. “What’s new and exciting?”
Bail sipped his morning coffee and looked to Obi-Wan, who swallowed hard. 
“A few personnel issues that were brought to our attention, nothing you should worry about,” Obi-Wan grimaced through the half-truth. 
Bail Organa smiled. 


It’s not that I don’t trust them; I just don’t trust what they believe in.
Tarkin paused the full-page opinion piece written by Hona Reteria and scanned back to the beginning to read it again. To say it was rare to see the head of the Holo-News Network publish an opinion article was a galactic understatement. 
Friends, the so-called Clone Wars are over.
That’s right, our beloved soldiers are victorious. We’ve all seen the footage from the HNN from numerous victories across the galaxy. The most recent triumph at Rishi was documented by no less than four hundred of my reporters. The rebels stand in ruins, defeated, and begging for mercy. 
So why are the Jedi continuing to send their cloned warriors across our Republic? 
Why are they insisting on increasing their numbers?
They’ll tell you that they simply need to “fill in their ranks” from the losses they suffered during the fighting. They’ll say that their precious “Force” is out of balance from the conflict. The Jedi whine about replenishing their forces. 
Tell that to the mothers who lost their sons. 
It’s not that I don’t trust them; I just don’t trust what they believe in. What is the Force? Some mystical, magical mumbo-jumbo so they can move stuff across a room. Does this so-called Force even exist? We have repulsorlift technology that can move mighty turbolifts up and down starscrapers. Is that due to the Force? Doors “magically” open and close on their own. If I stood outside, waved my fingers, and the door opened, am I a Jedi?
Thanks to the war, we know that the Jedi have secret training centers across the galaxy. They recruit our young, isolate them from their families, deny them the basic emotions that make us human, and now they continue a war that has long since been over. 
 We have to take a step back. It is time that we, as a responsible Republic, ask ourselves one fundamental question. With the Jedi rampaging across the galaxy, mismanaging a war that decimates a generation of our youth, employing unstable clones and aliens we can’t trust…
…what do we believe in? 
Tarkin filed this away, leaned back in his chair, and smiled. 

Chapter 6

When Anakin had first arrived on Coruscant, what seemed like a lifetime ago, he was in awe of the planet. It was a surreal scene, with starscrapers gleaming in the sun. There was a never-ending stream of traffic that flowed through the sky like the blood in his veins. Shuttles and transports of all sizes weaved through the area at all times of the day or night. The planet was devoid of environment, but it felt alive with the hopes and dreams of one trillion citizens. Throngs of people awaited Anakin and his companions from Alderaan after they discovered Ethan's clone menace. The rush of their emotions nearly overwhelmed him. 
As the Tantive IV descended to its designated landing pad, a different Coruscant greeted him. 
Traffic had been restricted, or held up at checkpoints so Republic soldiers could perform random inspections. Several starscrapers had fallen into decay as they never recovered from the hell of war. Public gatherings were limited to those who were granted special permits, to avoid riots. Even the sun's warmth seemed pale and hollow. 
Anakin stood at the forefront of the bridge and felt a chill run down his spine. 
"War has touched all parts of the Republic," Obi-Wan put a hand on his shoulder. "I fear nothing will ever be the same."
Anakin didn't bother to turn. "Isn't change the nature of things?"
Obi-Wan chuckled. "I suppose, but my concerns are..."
"I wouldn't dwell on it," Anakin cut him off. "Master Yoda would say we are to be mindful of the present, not the past."
Now he turned away from his viewport on the bridge. "We're going to do great things, I can see it now. The Jedi Order is undergoing a great transformation and we're going to be at the forefront of it all."
"So says the lowly padawan," Obi-Wan smiled. 
Anakin rolled his eyes. "We need to do something about that."
"I intend to," Obi-Wan's smile widened. "Before we left Alderaan, I petitioned to have you formally knighted by the Council."
Anakin felt a warming sensation begin in his gut and spread throughout his body. 
"Thank you, Master," he bowed deeply. 
"Please, you and I both know it is far overdue. You have only been my student for a brief period, but clearly you have learned a great deal in that time," Obi-Wan said. 
"You call a few years, 'brief'?" Anakin laughed. 
"Indeed," Obi-Wan nodded. "Yoda enjoyed being my Master for the better part of a decade before allowing Qui-Gon to complete my training."
"You had two masters at once?" Anakin asked. 
"He felt it important that I have more than one viewpoint about the Force," Obi-Wan explained. "Master Yoda rarely gets involved directly with a pupil. He prefers to observe from a distance to see how the student progresses within themselves."
"Yeah..." Anakin said quietly. "Yeah, that sounds like Yoda."
The two Jedi felt the heavy silence fill the void.  
"Will you sit on the Council?" Anakin asked. 
"If it happens, it happens," Obi-Wan shrugged his shoulders. 
Anakin's eyes widened. "With that attitude, you'll never advance in status."
Obi-Wan folded his arms. "Advancement is of little consequence. I serve where I am needed. The Force will guide me, be it to the rank of Master, or serving a Master."
"You deserve it!" Anakin couldn't believe his ears. "After all you've done? The victories? How many Masters can say they've dueled a Dark Lord of the Sith and lived? Dammit, how many Masters have even gotten off their chairs and led forces in combat?"
Obi-Wan's eyes narrowed. "You have not known the Jedi Order in peacetime. Trust me, Anakin, there is far more to being a Jedi than swinging a saber."
"Master Drallig told me that, and it didn’t turn out so well for him," Anakin muttered. "Answer me this question. With all the Council Members who have passed on in battle, shouldn't you take someone's place? Don't you deserve it?"
Obi-Wan tugged at his beard.
"Jedi Kenobi, we'll be landing soon. Senator Organa has asked that you join his party in the loading bay," Captain Antilles announced as he approached. 
Anakin dismissed the captain with a wave of his hand. “Listen master, Obi-Wan, please. Great things don’t just happen to you; you have to make them happen. You have earned a master rank; the Council would be blind fools not to have you sit among them.”
Obi-Wan looked down at the deck. 
“I will stand with you. Together, there’s nothing we can’t accomplish. You and I,” Anakin’s voice lowered almost to a whisper. “We are the future of the Jedi Order.”
Anakin patted him once on the shoulder before walking away. Having Obi-Wan on his side was vital to what he wanted to do. He smiled when he saw that Obi-Wan was only a couple of steps behind him. 
“Perhaps,” Obi-Wan said as the turbolift doors closed. “Perhaps I can be of greater use to the Order.”
Anakin clapped him on the shoulder as they descended to the loading bay.


When the doors opened again, Anakin rushed to embrace Padme, kissing her once before even acknowledging the others in the loading bay. Obi-Wan’s face flushed a little, but he smiled approvingly at the embrace. 
“Senator, I believe we’re ready to rejoin the Republic,” Anakin took Padme’s hand in his. 
The Senator did not reply. He took a long look at the couple, before nodding to his attaché. Anakin turned with Padme and braced himself for the welcome he was about to receive. Chancellor Palpatine, Master Yoda, who knows how many members of the media, they would all be eagerly awaiting the return of the Chosen One. 
The loading bay door opened to a completely empty landing platform. 
Anakin’s face fell in disappointment. Even worse, the others began to disembark as though nothing were wrong at all. 
Padme took two steps forward, her hand slipping away from Anakin. She turned to look back, a quizzical, almost comical look on her face. 
"Are you coming? Or are you keeping the ship from floating away?" she joked. 
Anakin was dumbstruck. Where was everyone? Where was the media, fighting over themselves to get interviews? Where were the throngs of Jedi? The Padawans, Knights, and Masters who wanted to usher him back to the Jedi Temple? Even Chancellor Palpatine was absent; the one person Anakin fully expected would be there, eagerly clapping him on the back in welcome. 
Anakin's core rushed out of him as though he had been kicked in his gut. When he left Rishi, he had an entourage, followers; a parade was arranged for him in the heart of the Political District. Senators bowed and scraped before him. 
Now, he was a nobody. 
Again. 
"Hey," Padme waved a hand in front of his eyes. "Did you want Obi-Wan to accompany me?"
Anakin blinked hard, trying to keep his heart from hammering within his chest. 
"N...no," he stammered, still staring at the vacant landing pad. 
"I mean," he blinked again and looked down at her. "I'll need to get to the Jedi Temple. We've been away almost an entire month. I need to see just how badly the war has been going without me here."
Padme giggled a little. "I suppose I'll head to my office. If I thought the life of a Planetary Senator was hectic, imagine what being a Galactic Senator will do to me? I'll be lucky to still be standing by the end of the day."
"Knock 'em dead, Anakin Skywalker," she ran her hand down his cheek. 
"You too, Mrs. Skywalker," he smiled and kissed her forehead. 
In a flash, she was down the ramp, hurrying to catch up with Bail Organa and his entourage. 
Obi-Wan was also gone. No doubt he had moved on as well, leaving Anakin utterly alone on the ship. 
The feeling came upon him all of a sudden, like a wind rising out of nowhere. Anakin's spine rattled from the shiver he felt. His eyes darted about the ship's loading bay. It felt huge, cavernous, much larger than it ever had before. He was a speck, an infinitesimal dot inside this metal monster. Anakin, his ego inflated by the media fawning over him, hero-worshipped by Jedi, and with such control of the Force, had rarely felt so...
Ordinary. 
He nearly sprinted off the loading bay of the Tantive IV. He breathed in the musty air of Coruscant in large gulps, his hands on his knees. His vision was spinning out of control, he could barely stand, Anakin couldn't tell up from down. 
A single hand on his shoulder became his anchor. 
 “You nearly knocked me over,” a gruff voice said. “Barreling out of the ship like that.
Anakin nearly jumped where he was. He saw a man, clearly withered by time and hard labor. His skin was leathery, but pale, as though he had worked in the depths of Coruscant for most of his life. His eyes were pale blue and hardened by the hand life had dealt him.
“Do you mind?” the man gestured to where Anakin was standing.
                “Oh, uh, sorry,” Anakin ran a hand over his sweat-drenched forehead and stood to one side. He was astonished to see the man was pushing an actual broom across the landing pad. “Excuse me, what are you doing?”
	The man scoffed. “Pad’s gotta be cleaned.”
	“Well yeah, I can see that,” Anakin said. “But…”
                “If you got eyes, why’d ya ask?” the man interrupted.
                “I just meant that you shouldn’t be doing this. There are droids who could clean it for you,” Anakin replied. “This pad will take hours to clean.”
                “Yup,” the man replied. “And another transport will land, dirtying it up again, which means I gotta clean it again.”
                Anakin watched the man push the broom for a moment. “Then why…”
                “Pad’s gotta be cleaned," the man replied in a harsher tone. "You deaf from the landing?"
	Anakin ran a hand through his hair. "No, it just seems like you could get a droid to do this."
	The man seemed to make a habit of scoffing. "Never send a droid to do a man's job."
	"But they make our lives easier," Anakin countered. "They do menial and degrading work, like this. That leaves you free to pursue something better for yourself."
	He rolled his eyes. "Yeah, I could be scrubbing windows instead."
	"What's your name?" Anakin asked. 
	"Noillimerg. Gavin Nollimerg," he continued pushing the broom. 
	"Gavin, I'm Anak..."
	"I know who you are," Gavin snapped. 
	Anakin brightened up. At least someone on the pad recognized him. 
	"You're the fool who hangs around with...them," Gavin almost spat the last word. 
	"The Jedi?" Anakin asked. 
	Gavin went back to pushing the broom across the pad. 
	"What's wrong with the Jedi?" Anakin's voice had an edge to it. 
	"Nothin'," Gavin muttered. 
	Anakin stood directly in his way. 
	"I ain't got a beef with the monks up there in that tower place. Although I might have one with you if you don't let me do my job," he muttered. 
"Then what..." Anakin began. 
Gavin just shook his head and went back to pushing his broom. Anakin shrugged his shoulders, walking up the pad away from the strange man. 
"Those...aliens," Gavin's voice was lowered. "They ain't human."
Anakin stopped walking. 
"I'd choose my words a little more carefully if I were you," Anakin muttered, not bothering to turn around. 
"I ain't wrong, am I?" Gavin asked. 
"That doesn't matter," Anakin countered. "It doesn't matter where they came from. They are trusted with the peace of the Republic and have been for nearly a thousand generations."
Gavin kept on pushing. "Yup, and I bet you can count on one hand how many is your friends."
Anakin opened his mouth, but closed it quickly. His brow furrowed as he tried to think of those that were closest to him. Master Yoda was a great leader and wise beyond words, but Anakin hadn't spent any time with the small Jedi outside of the Temple. In fact, Anakin wasn't sure if he had ever seen Yoda outside the Temple. 
“What are you driving at?” Anakin asked. 
Gavin shrugged. “I ain’t sayin’ nothin’ except I’d watch your back around them. They’ll try to keep you down, mark my words.”
“Me?” Anakin scoffed. “Without me the war would have been lost.”
Gavin shrugged again. “And of course you were knighted by them aliens, eh?”
Anakin did not respond. 
“Got a big important job?” Gavin pushed his broom. 
Anakin could not respond. 
“And who runs the Jedi nowadays?” he asked. 
“Mace Windu, a human,” Anakin said almost triumphantly. 
Gavin stopped pushing the broom, but did not look at Anakin. “Sure about that, ain’t ya?”
The question hung heavy in the air as he went back to his work. 


“They just won’t move.”
Jedi Master Shaak Ti surveyed the scene, her robe whipping around her as the wind briefly intensified. Nearly a thousand people had peaceably assembled outside one of the new Republic Food Distribution Centers. While rumors of a riot were nothing new, this was something the armed soldiers hadn’t expected. The crowd didn’t throw rocks or fire weapons at them. There was no looting or disobedience of any kind. 
The entire mob marched to the center and sat down in front of it. 
“They won’t move,” the soldier repeated. “Technically, they’re blocking the avenue, but that’s about it. That’s the damn weirdest thing I ever saw.”
Her eyes scanned the crowd for any sign of hostility. The Force was calm, she couldn’t see any weapons, and other than the never-ending chant they were singing, they weren’t being disorderly at all. 
“What are your orders, General?” he asked. 
“Leave them,” she replied. 
The officer removed his helmet. “Say again?”
“They’re doing nothing wrong and they have the right to assemble. Either leave them, or feed them,” she shrugged. 
The Galactic Senate had recently passed a bill that greatly centralized the entire agriculture industry. The overwhelming majority of crops and other foodstuffs were owned by, harvested by, and distributed by, the Galactic Republic. The Supreme Chancellor had heartily given his support for this measure, claiming that this would be far more efficient with the government in charge. 
He didn’t mention whom it was efficient for. 
“Due respect, ma’am, we can’t leave them here,” he pressed. “And we can’t feed them either. The center has already given out its daily allotment.”
Shaak Ti stared at the gaunt faces before her. It would appear that the daily allotment had been reduced for the sake of the war, and not for the first time. 
“They’ll eventually break up on their own,” she said. “In the meantime, just observe them, do not confront.”
“They’re enemies of the state!” his eyes grew hard. “If you don’t want them detained, at least let me break them up. A few squads will wade in there and…”
Shaak Ti whirled around. “You will do no such thing. I am in command here and you will observe. Tell your men to stand down and lower their weapons.”
"Yes ma'am. As usual, you and your Jedi pals are in charge," he muttered. 
"Bear that in mind," she turned away. 
The officer chewed on his lower lip for a moment as if contemplating what which insult would be most stinging. His better judgment won out in the end as he turned on his heel and walked to his men. He spoke to about eight men, gesturing to her, and then to the crowd. 
Shaak Ti closed her eyes for a moment, feeling out to the assembled masses before her. After several moments, she was thoroughly convinced that there was nothing abnormally violent to be found. Sure, they were frustrated and hungry, perhaps even desperate, but not unruly. 
The other Jedi were young and restless. She opened her mouth to tell them to rest within the Force, but closed it again. Relentless instruction only goes so far. Eventually, the mynock must learn how to leave the nest on its own. 
Something had changed. The mood of the crowd had shifted somehow. Her eyes darted through the crowd, not even sure of what she was looking for. 
The blaster bolt that sailed past her head was her answer. 
The Jedi all ignited their lightsabers as debris and blaster fire came their way. The younger Jedi were lost, confused, unsure of what to do. The entire mob stood, hiding the attackers. Shouts and even some cheers filled the air, but they did not rush the Jedi. 
"Hold! Hold your positions!" Shaak Ti shouted. 
She could feel the wave of emotion, the panic that filled the air. Several of the soldiers ran past her, directly toward the crowd. Their weapons were drawn and malice on their minds. One of the younger Jedi reached out with the Force and flung the soldiers into the air. 
And directly into the heart of the mob. 
All at once, they pressed forward. Nearly a thousand people rushed the dozen Jedi that stood between them and the food center. There wasn't time for instructions, nor for anything other than the most base instinct to kick in. 
Lightsabers sang through the air, cutting down civilians as the Jedi tried to retreat from the area. Shaak Ti was bumped, shoved, and eventually knocked to the ground, her lightsaber clattering away from her. She covered her head as best she could, but the trampling feet found her until she could barely keep consciousness. Eventually, a gap opened up in the crowd. She was able to get to her knees and spied a child that was absolutely alone. 
This child was crying, nearly screaming by an alley.  It was a human child, barely old enough to stand on its own two feet. Shaak Ti's eyes darted around, but there were no parents to be seen. Several corpses littered the streets. Could this child be alone, for all time?
Before she could blink, her mind whirled with memories of hundreds of toddlers that she herself had transported from distant worlds to Coruscant. They were a product, cargo really, to be shipped from one world to the other. Not one time in her life did she ever consider those babies to be more than something she had to sign off on an invoice to collect. 
Now, with the child in her arms, she couldn't see them any other way. She sprinted down the alley, turning down different avenues until she was completely lost. The sound of the mob had faded, with the exception of the occasional explosion. Shaak Ti used the Force to blow open a door to an abandoned warehouse. She carried the child inside, slumped against a wall, and allowed sleep to take her.  
When she awakened, her head weighed more than a star cruiser. Her knees ached from the panicked run through the streets, her mind felt like mush, and a dozen different bruises cried out in anguish. 
All of that was instantly forgotten once she felt the toddler stir in her arms. 
This child was hers now; her sole responsibility. She depended on Shaak Ti for her very life. Without her, the child wouldn't have other younglings or padawans around, the child would perish. Shaak Ti played with the child's braided hair as she awoke. 
The child blinked a few times, yawned, and looked directly at the Jedi Master. "Memum?"
"What?" Shaak Ti asked. 
"Memum!" the child reached out. 
"I don't understand. Can you rephrase the question or provide greater detail?" Shaak Ti asked. 
The child began fussing, squirming greatly to get out of her grasp. Shaak Ti set her down gently and the child stomped her feet and giggled at the dust cloud she caused. 
Shaak Ti smiled. She slapped the ground, causing another cloud of dust to rise. The child clapped her hands and giggled again. Shaak Ti reached out with the Force and the dust spun in a great circle around the child. This caused an absolute fit of laughter from the child, which in turn caused Shaak Ti to smile even wider. 
"Thank the Force. You gave us quite the scare," a voice came from behind her. 
Shaak Ti turned to see Plo Koon standing in the doorway. While Shaak Ti smiled, the child squealed in terror at seeing the masked Jedi. She scrambled back into Shaak Ti's arms, burying her face into the Jedi's chest. 
"Everything happened so fast. I just had to get away to save the child," Shaak Ti explained. "What happened?"
"Much more than I would have liked," Plo Koon's voice rumbled through his atmospheric mask. "Come, give me the child. We'll turn her in to the Republic forces."
Shaak Ti stiffened, her arms wrapped around the child. 
"I'll take her," she replied. 
"That will not be necessary," Plo reached out. "You have been injured. You require medical attention, rest, and a debriefing from the events of the day."
"I said I would take her," Shaak Ti rose to her feet, the child still in her arms. Her eyes glared at Jedi Master Plo Koon. Her mind sharpened, the Force at her command. She wasn't about to let this child go. 
Plo Koon was silent for a moment. 
"Very well," he said. "We'll take the baby together."
A Jedi's life included hardships and Shaak Ti's was no exception. She had faced Jedi Trials, a long and arduous time as a padawan, and suffered through horrific battles during the Clone Wars. 
They paled in comparison to handing this child over to a Republic Family Services representative. 
“I never even knew his name,” she murmured. 
“The child was a girl,” Plo Koon put an arm around her. “Let’s get you back to the Jedi Temple.”
Every step Shaak Ti took required considerable effort. “A baby girl,” she whispered. 

Chapter 7

	Anakin was fuming when he made his way toward the Jedi Temple. Was he being held down by non-humans? Was Obi-Wan’s master rank being held up by someone like Yoda or Plo Koon? How many enemies did he have on the Council who were jealous of his abilities and the rapport he held with the troops he commanded? 
	He was at least a little pleased to see a small welcoming committee waiting for him at the base of the stairs that led to the Jedi Temple itself. Obi-Wan was there, as was Mace Windu, Plo Koon, and Yoda. Each of them was engaged in intense discussion with Obi-Wan. Plo Koon looked practically exhausted, as though only the heated tone of the conversation was keeping him awake. 
	The closer Anakin got, the more he realized it was an intense discussion directed at Obi-Wan. 
	When he was only a few paces from them, Obi-Wan’s eyes widened. The other masters took the hint, turning to face him as he approached. 
	“Welcome back, Anakin,” Plo Koon, the alien, extended his hand, grasping Anakin’s firmly. 
	Anakin reluctantly shook it back. He felt un-easy shaking his hand now. 
	“Thank you, Master,” Anakin replied. 
	“Rested, you should be,” Yoda said. “Much work, you have ahead of you.”
	Anakin’s eyes glanced up at the crowd of young Jedi at the top of the stairs. He recognized several of them from the Battle of Rishi and he longed to be with them. 
	“Let’s get started then,” Anakin took a step toward the stair before a hand grasped his shoulder. 
	Master Plo Koon held him back. “In due time.”
	Anakin turned on the alien, his eyes blazing for just a moment. He took a hard look at the Jedi Master, his mask enabling him to breathe in an atmosphere that was foreign to him. Then Anakin looked at Yoda. Small, feeble, who had never taken out a lightsaber or led troops in glorious combat. These were Jedi Masters who sat on the Council?
	“Master Windu, the Council has something for me?” Anakin turned to the human male. 
	Mace shook his head. “I no longer lead the Council. I have stepped down so that Master Yoda might lead us back to the traditions and values that are at our very core.”
	Anakin blinked hard. His eyes wandered past the former leader of the Council and back up to the gathering crowd above them. 
	“Much work to do,” Yoda repeated. He pointed his cane toward a side entrance, away from the stairs. 
	Away from the crowd. 
	The other masters began to walk in the direction Yoda indicated, but Obi-Wan remained. 
	“Anakin?” he asked. 
	The Jedi were leading him down another set of stairs, almost as though he were being shuffled through a back-door, away from everyone else. 
	Obi-Wan poked Anakin in the shoulder. Slowly, reluctantly, Anakin followed his friend down the stairs. It seemed as if isolation and seclusion also accompanied him. The farther down he went, the farther he was away from those that might follow him. 
	Finally, they came to a stop in front of a simple, ordinary door. 
	“If this is a surprise birthday party, you guys are way early,” Anakin joked. 
	“Oh, it is a surprise, of sorts,” Obi-Wan smiled broadly as the door opened. 
	They wandered inside a darkened room. Even in this bastion of the Jedi, the darkness seemed more welcoming than the company Anakin was with. He let his shoulders relax as he stretched out with the Force. He felt at home in the darkness, completely at ease. Anakin immersed himself in the darkness, wrapping it around him while his sub-conscious roamed the room. 
	A light shone brightly, but only upon him. Anakin blinked hard, trying to clear himself of the momentary blindness brought on by the spotlight. 
	Drip. 
	Anakin's eyes shot toward a corner of the room. There was a single, solitary leak from the ceiling of this room. So far, it was just the one drop, but Anakin knew that there would be more. 
	"Anakin Skywalker, you have been found to uphold the highest standards of excellence of the Jedi Order," a voice called out from the darkness. 
	Drip. 
	The drip of water was so out of place in the immaculate Jedi Temple. It was oddly distracting Anakin away from this exceptional moment in time. 
	With a familiar "snap-hiss", Anakin saw one lightsaber illuminate the darkness ahead of him. Obi-Wan Kenobi had ignited his lightsaber and it was his voice that filled the room. 
	"In the beginning, nearly twenty-six thousand years ago, the galaxy was engulfed in darkness. It was when the Jedi Order began to follow Ashla, that we realized the true nature of the Force. Darkness blinds, darkness covers, darkness hides the truth, darkness is the ultimate..." Obi-Wan went on. 
	Drip. 
	Anakin tried to focus on his mentor, but that noise gnawed at him. Now, there was a small puddle on the floor. Did no one else notice it? Perhaps a maintenance droid had already been dispatched. 
	"...the Dark Sons of Bogan relished the absence of the light, believing it held unlimited power. But they forgot that trust, faith, and selfless devotion to all people everywhere hold a power far stronger than fear or pain can bring," Obi-Wan continued. 
	Drip. 
	Drip. 
	Anakin heard a number of "snap-hiss" sounds, but they seemed distant to him, almost as if they were in the background of this ceremony. The room around him became illuminated with nine additional lightsabers of various colors. Anakin's silhouette was bathed in a multitude of colored lights that banished the darkness to the corners of this round room. 
	Drip. 
	The puddle was growing in size. The sound of every drop was like a spike into Anakin's mind. Every time the water hit the floor, he blinked. 
	"...great faith, you have shown..."
	Yoda's voice seemed so faint, so distant. 
	Drip. 
	"...great credit to yourself, to your planet, and to all Jedi everywhere..."
	Plo Koon's voice barely registered. 
	Drip. 
	Anakin never noticed Obi-Wan coming toward him. In one swift motion, his friend raised his blade up to eye level. He winked just before he swung the lightsaber at Anakin's head. 
	The drip stopped. 
	There was a faint smell of burning hair before Anakin's padawan braid fell to the floor.  
	The overhead lights came on, flooding the room. The Jedi Masters surrounding him extinguished their lightsabers and joined Obi-Wan in congratulating Anakin. He was nearly sent sprawling by so many pats on the back. 
	"Welcome to the Jedi Order, Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker," Obi-Wan beamed at his friend. 
	"Thank you, Mast...I mean Jedi Kenobi," Anakin smiled at the slip. 
	"One matter remains," Mace Windu's smile faded. "One piece of business that the Council must insist upon before you are given your first assignment."
	Anakin craned his neck to try and see where the puddle was, but there were too many bodies in the way. 
	"I will do what the Master of the Order asks," Anakin said. 
	Mace Windu smiled, but looked down at the floor for a moment. "He hasn't asked you, yet."
	Anakin winced at his faux pas, particularly in front of Yoda himself, but the small Jedi didn’t seem to notice the disrespect he had shown. 
	“Much work for you,” Yoda muttered. 
	As the assembled Jedi began to file out of the room, Anakin walked past the spot where the water had dripped onto the floor. 
	It was completely bare. 

---------------------------------

When Padme had been named the Galactic Senator to replace Chancellor Palpatine, she should have been beyond elated. Her staff grew by over a dozen assistants, she was granted the use of a personal transport courtesy of the Senate, people returned her transmissions almost immediately, and even her clothing allowance grew. 
But one thing was lacking. 
“Senator,” her chief of staff’s holo-image appeared on Padme’s desk. “General Rahm Kota and Senator Organa are on their way. I anticipate their arrival within twenty minutes.”
“Thank you, Corde,” Padme sighed. “When they reach the office, let me know before I see them.”
The image bowed. “Of course, Senator Amida…Skywalker,” she corrected. 
Padme flinched. 
“Ma’am?” Corde prodded. 
“I…it’s fine,” Padme answered.
Corde hesitated a moment. “As you wish, Senator.”
As the image faded, Padme stood up and walked toward the broad window in her new office. The view looking down on the Senate Rotunda was nothing short of breathtaking. With the recent war-time restrictions placed on intraplanetary traffic, Padme could see all the way to the horizon with only a few vehicles getting in the way. She had authority, she had respect, and she had made her mark on history with decades more time to expand on that mark. 
It was all she ever hoped for, yet she felt empty. 
She pressed her forehead against the window, the cool glass felt soothing to her. She loved Anakin, with all of her heart, and the thought that he couldn’t be trusted by others confused her. Hadn’t he been everything the Republic wanted him to be? Strong, powerful, handsome, a tour de force throughout the galaxy? 
She shook her head quickly. It was just post-wedding jitters, nothing more. The strain of the war had taken a toll on everyone and Padme had been no exception, having suffered a concussion and cracked ribs during the Battle of Rishi. 
The battle that took…who? There was Anakin, Jango, Boba the child Mandalorian, and…there was someone else. There was someone in danger, but who was it?
Padme felt a sudden twinge of longing. She wanted to see Anakin. No, she needed to see Anakin soon. 
“Senator, your guests are here,” Corde announced through the intercom. 
Padme leaned away from the window and tucked her hair behind her ear. She took one last look out the window, hoping that Anakin might be somewhere out there, before returning to her desk. 
“Thank you, please show them in,” Padme smoothed her skirt under her before sitting. 
The two giants of their time walked into her office. Padme glanced behind them and as the door was closing as she saw the swish of a cloak. Was it Anakin? No, she shook her head; it was only Corde sitting back at her desk in the outer office. 
“Senator Amidala, I’m pleased you were able to rejoin us on schedule,” Bail Organa shook her hand. 
“On your schedule,” Padme grumbled as she gestured for them to sit. “But I’m always happy to be of service to the people of Alderaan.”
Rahm Kota shot Bail a look after her remark. The scarred and grizzled Jedi Master sat cross-legged in the chair opposite of her. 
“She doesn’t get it, Bail,” he grumbled. 
“Well I’m not comfortable saying it out in the open,” Bail huffed. 
Rahm Kota rolled his eyes. “I was in here an hour ago, this place is clean.”
Padme sat upright. He was in her office?
“Humor me,” Bail shrugged. 
Rahm Kota took out a small orb the size of a piece of fruit from the folds of his cloak. “Fine, but we can’t use this too often. If the drones are listening in and notice a dead spot, they’ll be questions.”
He pressed down on the orb and immediately it shot into the air. The orb opened itself up just barely enough to allow a small, high-pitched noise to fill the room for a moment. 
Bail rubbed his ears for a moment. “That should do nicely.”
“I do beg your pardon, was there something you gentlemen needed?” Padme asked. 
“I admitted to trespassing, but up a device to block Palpatine’s flying horde or listener drones, and you show us courtesy? I thought you said she was a fireball,” Rahm Kota smirked. 
Bail cocked his head sideways, eyeing Padme carefully. “She used to be.”
He shook his head. “It doesn’t matter. Padme, we have to be brief in our discussions. Officially, we are here to welcome you to Coruscant and make sure you’re comfortable in your new surroundings. Later, I’ll offer to take you on a tour with several other senators. Mon Mothma and I will pick you up for a luncheon before the tour begins.”
“You cleared all this with my assistant?” Padme asked. 
“Corde doesn’t need to know,” Rahm Kota dismissively said, while Bail Organa looked on with interest. 
“I might be busy with Anakin,” she countered. 
“I doubt that,” Bail added. 
Padme felt the bile rise in her throat, but something in the back of her mind helped her to settle down. 
“After the tour, we’ll discuss the assignment we have picked out for you,” Bail continued, but let the statement hang in the air. 
Padme felt her heart racing. 
“In time, we might let you flesh out your own agenda here, but for now, we’re going to do an impressive amount of hand-holding,” Rahm Kota went on.
A cold sweat broke out on Padme’s forehead, but she held her tongue. 
“Basically, as long as you just sit back and do as you’re told, things will work out just fine. This should be a nice and boring term for you,” the Jedi Master stood up. 
Padme wanted to scream something at them, but a nagging feeling held her back. 
“That sounds very pleasant,” she said through gritted teeth. 
Viceroy Organa looked up at Rahm Kota, who only shook his head. “I need more time.”
Bail nodded solemnly, resigned to the Jedi’s answer. “As you wish.”
An eerie silence filled the office. Outside, Padme could hear Corde typing away at a bit of correspondence, but it was the blood rushing in her ears that had her attention. 
“We’ll see you later on for your tour,” Bail turned his attention back to her. “Have Corde pick out an appropriate pant suit for you, no dresses.”
Padme was stunned into silence by the events of the meeting. As they both rose to leave, she wanted to ask them to sit back down. No, she wanted to make them sit back down and answer every question she had. Instead, all she could do was remain seated in her cushioned chair. 
“And some sensible shoes,” Rahm Kota growled as the two men left the office. 


Tarkin’s patience was growing as thin as he was. 
He had been sitting across a desk overflowing with datapads from the squat little Rodian for nearly thirty minutes, but making no progress. The man seemed almost overjoyed with the current situation, including an ever-increasing workload. 
“I’m sorry, Marshal Tarkin,” he squeaked. “But I just don’t see things your way.”
“You…prefer…all this?” Tarkin waved a hand at the precariously stacked piles on the desk. 
The man’s face turned a slight shade of pink, which was unusual for a Rodian. His antennae twitched nervously as he swallowed. 
“I admit, it is daunting, but my people excel at the details. This is the place for me, no question,” he replied. 
“Surely, you would enjoy it if I were able to lighten your load? Provide some help? I have several friends who could provide valuable assistance,” Tarkin said in his most practiced voice. 
“No, I’m afraid not,” the Rodian said. 
“Offer their insight and advice,” Tarkin went on. 
“Really, I’m quite fine.”
“Take some of the work off your shoulders.”
“Marshal, I must insist. If you continue this line of dialogue, I may be pressed to report this to the Republic Senate sub-committee for Interstellar Transportation.”
An uncomfortable silence came between them while a vein in Tarkin’s forehead throbbed. 
“No need to think of it any more than a friendly offer. The war has put a strain on everyone, your department in particular. All these new ships being licensed, registered, schedules to keep, flight plans to chart, and so on. I believe your area has grown four hundred percent, but if you can handle it, I’ll leave you to it,” Tarkin stood abruptly, bumping into the desk, and sending a pile cascading to the floor. 
“Master Yoda must think very highly of you,” Tarkin gambled.
The Rodian stood as well. “Yes, he believes I am quite capable.”
Tarkin smiled before bowing slightly. “Yes, I'm sure he does.”

Chapter 8

	Several weeks had passed since Master Yoda had placed Anakin on his new assignment. It hadn’t been glamorous. It hadn’t been glorious. The new Master of the Order hadn’t called upon the Chosen One for even a job that needed doing off-world in some exotic location. 
	Even worse, other than a brief ceremony where Padme was sworn into her office, she too had largely been ignored by nearly everyone. 
	Anakin Skywalker sat at a desk, with a single datapad, in level forty-two, section D, sub-section G9 of the Jedi Temple. A single light illuminated his area, and one of the two bulbs in it buzzed infrequently. When the external door opened to his area, the wind blew in with it, usually with such force that it knocked something over. Sweat dripped down his back thanks to the lack of environmental controls. 
	This was his destiny? 
	When Anakin left his area, for any reason, he could feel a shadow moving with him. It felt all too similar to his shadow on Alderaan, but whoever this was did a far better job of hiding themselves. The shadow followed him to the lavatory, down the hall, even to a nearby balcony just to get some air. 
	Anakin had tried several times to venture into the Main Hall. He wanted desperately to rejoin those who had fought with him on Rishi. They had embraced him then, and to be successful, Anakin knew that he had to build on their worship of him. The Jedi Council couldn’t possibly deny Anakin anything if hundreds or even thousands of others supported him. 
	However, every time he travelled too far from his work area, his communicator beeped. Some Jedi Knight or Master was urging him to return to complete some menial task. Usually it involved a tedious assignment pushing paper around that was guaranteed to chain Anakin to his desk for hours at a time. 
	His mind wandered to Padme, as it did more frequently during his day at the Jedi Temple. He wanted to send her a communique, but he reminded himself that he had no communicator in this section either. Instead, he amused himself by balancing the hilt of his lightsaber on the end of his nose. 
	The door opened, the force of the wind knocking the lightsaber off of his nose. It clattered to the floor, ignited, and sliced through a leg of his chair. Anakin initially lost his balance, but was able to leap onto his desk to avoid falling over himself. 
	“Keeping busy?” Obi-Wan smiled up at him. 
	“No, Mast…I mean yes,” Anakin said sheepishly. 
	“How are you taking to your new assignment, Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker?” Obi-Wan asked. 
	Anakin climbed down from the desk. “Oh it’s just swell. Really, how awesome is my contribution to the Jedi Order?” 
	Obi-Wan folded his arms. “Your thoughts betray you.”
	“I thought my sarcasm did that,” Anakin replied.  
	“I just can’t believe that I went from a galactic war hero to…this!” Anakin gestured to his lone desk with only a small number of datapads on it. 
	“Crunch numbers, report on logistics, pass messages, I’m a glorified clerk, Obi-Wan!” Anakin complained. 
	“You are a Knight of the Jedi Order, Anakin,” Obi-Wan retorted. “Did you think it was all lightsaber duels and moving rocks around?”
	“The war isn’t over, I have Jedi eager to learn from me, and the Republic is still in peril. Why in the stars am I here?” Anakin fumed. 
	Obi-Wan put a hand on his friend’s shoulder. “You are here to learn. The war can’t last forever and when it is over, you will need a peacetime role. This task may seem menial now, but lifting the smallest pebble can help you understand how to move mountains later.”
	Anakin threw up his hands. “Then let me worry about that after the war!”
	“Care to stretch your legs a bit?” he asked. 
	“What?” Anakin scratched his head. 
	“The air is stifling in here, let’s take a walk somewhere else,” Obi-Wan clarified. 
	“Dare I leave all this behind?” Anakin imitated a swoon. “The Order might collapse due to my carelessness!”
	Obi-Wan chuckled and opened the door. Together, they headed up a flight of stairs. The cool air hit Anakin’s face, but was soothing and welcome. 
	“Padme seems to have taken to her new position well enough. I don’t see her rampaging up and down the halls of the Senate demanding investigations be launched into some half-thought threat to our way of life,” Obi-Wan remarked.
	“Yeah,” Anakin mumbled. “I kinda miss that.”
	They walked toward the main concourse and for the first time since Anakin was knighted, he felt elated. People recognized him as they walked. The more crowded it became, the more he heard his name mentioned. Nostalgia whisked him back to before the Clone Wars had erupted and his name was on everyone’s lips. Crowds had once gathered around him no matter where he went and a large group cheered him on during a duel with Cin Drallig. 
	By the time they had reached one of the main halls, he felt more at ease than he had since being knighted. The murmurs had grown into a larger tumultuous noise, causing Anakin to chuckle at Obi-Wan. 
	“Are you starting to think this was a bad idea?” Anakin asked, but Obi-Wan just shrugged. 
	By the time they had stopped, Anakin’s jaw fell open. The group that had walked with him paled in comparison to the crowd that lay just ahead. Nearly a thousand people had gathered around a lone Jedi in the middle of the concourse. This lone individual had padawans, younglings, knights, and masters watching his every move. 
	A dark green blade sang through the air in harmony with the “oohs” and “aahs” from the captive audience. The holder of the lightsaber was a young red-haired girl who was quite younger than Anakin. He didn’t remember seeing her before, but she certainly had everyone’s attention now. 
	Her hilt was unique in that was shaped like a “D” and encased her hand completely so it was more of a cutlass than a traditional saber. She was able to swing the weapon around using just her wrist, performing acrobatic moves through the air that made Anakin’s heart race. The lightsaber had come so close to her that many people gasped while others turned away. 
	Before he could blink, the girl did several backflips while the blade remained still in the air. She flung herself into the air, landed in a split, and the blade flew back into her hand. 
	The crowd erupted into applause. 
	A cold sweat broke out on Anakin’s forehead. He hadn’t considered having such a hilt or that the design could even exist and some of the moves she pulled off were impressive. 
	Too impressive. 
	It was his worst fear realized. Anakin had been standing still while this little girl was working to surpass him. How many others would try something innovative like this while he was chained to a desk pushing datapads around? How long before he was forgotten? 
	Someone from the crowd turned and recognized Anakin. The buzz from the crowd turned into a roar as people backed away from him. The circle now encompassed Obi-Wan, Anakin, and the young girl. She blushed a little when she first saw him, but then her face was set in determination. 
	“Give the crowd what they want and I’ll get you back to work,” Obi-Wan smiled. 
	Anakin cocked his head to one side as the crowd cheered at the suggestion. “You want me to show off?”
	“Think of it as inspiring those who are less talented than you,” Obi-Wan gestured to the girl. 
	Anakin whipped his hands out quickly and the crowd backed away. A hushed sense of awe fell over the entire area. His hands rose until they were shoulder height, his eyes closed in anticipation. The hush turned into absolute silence as the Chosen One was about to give a demonstration of his abilities. 
	The hilt of Anakin’s lightsaber flew off of his belt and into his hand. With a flourish of his arms, he ignited it and the golden blade sprang forth in all of its glory. The crowd cheers were so loud Anakin felt a tidal wave of joy plow into him. The young girl backed away, a flicker of fear on her face. Anakin grinned at the sight, relishing the opportunity. He waved the saber around once. 
	Before it sputtered. 
	Before it wavered. 
	Before it died completely. 
	The cheers faded into a confused buzz. Anakin shook the hilt furiously, but the golden light did not appear. 
	"What's all this?" Jedi Master Plo Koon strode into the middle of the crowd. "You can have fun on your own time. Get on with your work."
	Anakin held the dead hilt in his hands. This was the blade that had been destined for him, had called to him, and had now failed him. They had gone so well together that Anakin felt as though it were a piece of himself that had now failed. 
	He shook the hilt furiously as the crowd began to disperse. “Wait!” he called out, but only a few looked back. Through the dispersing group, he caught a smirk from the girl who had replaced him in the gossip mill. 
	“What happened?” he asked Obi-Wan. 
	His friend shrugged in response. “It has seen a lot of action in the war. Perhaps something was damaged in your attempt to save Khian?”
	Anakin couldn’t hide the wince at the mention of that name. 
	“I suppose that’s possible,” he muttered. “I…I guess I’ll get back to work.”
	Obi-Wan put a hand on Anakin’s shoulder. “You do good work for the Order. It may not be the flashiest job, but we all have a part to play on the stage of life. Yours is no less important than those on the Council.”
	“My son was meant to have this,” Anakin sighed. 
	“That lightsaber was an aberration, something that was a pure anomaly. Your son will have a blade worthy of a Jedi Knight. We’ll work on it together, okay?” Obi-Wan smiled. 
	Anakin’s walk back to his lonely office seemed longer than before. The wind cut him more sharply as he closed the door. The room itself even seemed darker than before. 
	It matched his spirit precisely. 
	When the door had shut, Anakin sat down in his three-legged chair, and heaved a sigh. The cold hilt of his lightsaber hit the surface of his desk with a loud thud. Anakin stared at it for a full minute until the bulb within the desk lamp sputtered. 
	Anakin grasped the hilt with both hands so tightly the grooves left marks in his hands. 
	“You’re wrong, Ethan. This can’t end,” he growled as he snapped the weapon in two. 


	High above the crowd, newly ordained Grand Master Yoda limped away from the balcony. He wanted to smile, wanted to feel good about what he had done, but nothing would comfort him. The only thought that he repeated over and over again was that what he did was for the greater good. 
	“May I walk with you?” Obi-Wan asked. 
	Yoda nodded, but said nothing. 
	“Quite the disappointing display from Anakin,” Obi-Wan said off-handedly. 
	Yoda did not reply. 
	“You look tired, far more tired than earlier today,” he said as if talking about the weather. 
	“Observant, you are,” Yoda remarked. 
	They entered a small turbolift together. As it rose up to the private offices, Yoda could sense what was already coming. 
	“Is this all part of your plan? Humiliating him like that?” Ob-Wan grumbled. 
	“Humility would serve him well,” Yoda replied. 
	Obi-Wan stopped the turbolift a few stories from the top. Yoda nervously looked up at him, trying to fix his gaze upon the young Jedi Master. 
	“What did you do?” he asked, but his tone demanded something more. 
	“What I had to,” the small master replied with a quick glance down at the vast distance below. Everything seemed so far away, too far away. 
	“I’m not Master Windu, I want a specific answer,” Obi-Wan edged nearer. 
	Yoda backed closer to the glass wall of the turbolift. His hands pressed up against the smooth surface on either side of him. Although he tried to keep his gaze fixed on Obi-Wan, he was compelled to look down instead. 
	“And we’re not moving until I get one,” he growled. 
	“Never this angry, you were before,” Yoda said. 
	“He’s my friend,” Obi-Wan said. “We fought together, he’s saved my life twice, and I’m going to help him raise his s…”
	Yoda raised an eyebrow. “Approve of this, you do? The anger? The children? His love for Padme? Or truly upset, you are, that your own love was never allowed.”
	Now Obi-Wan took a step backwards. 
	Yoda’s face broke into a smile. He closed his eyes, drawing deeply from the Force. Slowly, but surely, the turbolift began to rise until it reached the top level. 
	“More, we are, than our fears of the physical. Wise, you were, in cornering me, but not that wise,” Yoda smiled as the doors opened. 
	Obi-Wan said nothing for a moment as he stared out the window at the massive city below them. “He’s the closest thing I’ve ever had to a brother, or family of any kind whatsoever.”
	Yoda paused after he exited the lift. 
	“Owe you, we do,” he said softly. 
	“I serve the Jedi Order and the Galactic Republic,” Obi-Wan lowered himself to one knee. “But I must know, did you crack the crystal in Anakin’s lightsaber?”
	“Begin work on his new lightsaber, you should. If the war does not end soon, need him again, we will,” Yoda began walking toward his office. 
	“We’ll start first thing tomorrow,” Obi-Wan replied. 
	“Tonight,” Yoda corrected. “In a fragile state, he is. A new blade, he will covet.”
“Very well,” Obi-Wan sighed. “But I must know, did you use the Force to crack the crystal?”
	“I also serve the Jedi Order and the Galactic Republic,” Yoda said softly. “In every capacity I can.”
	

	Padme’s pacing became more frenetic as the minutes passed. Anakin had always returned to their apartment outside the Galactic Senate Rotunda at the same time. Now, he was twenty minutes late. She didn’t want to worry, but something had nagged at her mind. Where could he be? 
	“Look for him,” a voice inside her mind called. 
	Padme hesitated for a moment, pausing in mid-stride. She shook her head before continuing, playing with the wedding bracelet he had given her. The metal changed colors as she passed a nearby lamp. Going outside was dangerous, she had to stay here. 
	“You busted into a Republic garrison, remember? Go out and find him,” the voice pressed. 
	Padme kicked off her shoes in defiance of herself. 
	She wasn’t that type of girl. Rarely did she stray into uncharted territory and the streets of Coruscant were dangerous. Rogue clone Jedi, muggers, human traffickers, who knows what lay just beyond her door. 
	Twenty two minutes late. 
	“Contact the Jedi to see when he left,” her mind throbbed. 
	Padme paused again, glancing at the communicator. She broke away from her pacing spot and reached for it with a trembling hand. Her other hand began rubbing the wedding bracelet. 
	“No!” she shouted. “I don’t take risks.”
	Twenty three minutes passed before her door chimed. Padme halfway fell over as she sprinted to the entryway. Her heart raced at seeing her beloved husband again. The thought of scolding him for being late and making her worry slipped from her mind. It was replaced by sheer joy that he had returned to her. 
	The door opened, but Padme’s face fell. 
	“Master Rahm Kota, what are you doing here? Is Anakin with you?” she peered into the hallway. 
	“May the Force forgive me,” he said before tapping Padme on the forehead. 
	Darkness took her as she slumped into his outstretched arms. 

Chapter 9

	If it were possible to be run over by a star cruiser, Padme now knew what that felt like. Her arms, legs, chest, feet, fingers, everything ached as though she had run four marathons. 
	“…said you can’t…”
	She wanted to reach for her bracelet, but just the thought of moving was too much. 
	“…you don’t know how…”
	Simply opening her eyes took a massive amount of effort. Through a blurry vision, she saw two men engaged in an animated discussion. Fingers were being pointed at each other and then back at her. 
	“…could destroy her…”
	The effort was too much and she slipped back into darkness. 
	
	---------------------------------

	When Padme opened her eyes a second time, only her head throbbed with pain. The weights she thought were attached to her eyelids were less of a burden now. She felt a warm presence on her hand, which caused her to stir. 
	“Padme?” a voice asked. “Padme, nod if you can hear me.”
	He’s joking, right? It would take a tractor beam for that to happen. 
	Instead of nodding, Padme flexed her hand a little under his. 
	“See?” another voice grumbled. “She’s fine.”
	Even a faint whimper in place of a laugh was too much. Two fingers pried Padme’s eye open. She tried squinting, but eventually her vision focused on the bearded face of Bail Organa. 
	“A…anik…” she mumbled. 
	“She’s asking for him. Clearly it didn’t work,” Bail closed her eye. 
	“You're one to talk. Your idea of bugging Anakin with the lightsaber didn't work either. She was in love before this happened, remember? It’s only logical she would ask for the love of her life,” the other voice grumbled. 
	“Dammit, we need Padme back. She’s the only one who had dealings with him and she’s the only one who can get him to come out of hiding. If you can’t do it then…” 
	“Then what? Huh? You’ll go to Mace? To Yoda? You want to tell them what we’ve been doing to her mind?” someone shoved Bail in the chest. 
	“Calm down,” he replied. “I’m only talking about the lives of trillions of people, not to mention the very civilization we’ve held so dear for a thousand generations. I didn’t mean to put undue pressure on you.”
	Only some heavy breathing let Padme know she was still conscious for a moment before the silence was penetrated by laughter. 
	“I’ll try one more time, but Anakin will come looking for her soon. It doesn’t take that long to build a lightsaber and Obi-Wan can only stall him for so long,” the voice said. 
	“Don’t worry, I’ll get you the time you need myself. Do what must be done, Jedi Kota. Padme Skywalker is now the key to saving an entire galaxy,” Bail said before leaving the room. 
	Rahm Kota turned to face Padme. “No pressure indeed,” he muttered before Padme lapsed back into unconsciousness. 

	----------------------------

	"And that's when I told him," Obi-Wan began. 
	"No, you didn't say it!" Anakin laughed. "There's no way you actually said it!"
	Obi-Wan took another drink of water before continuing. "I told Master Plo Koon that he could 'Plo' it out the nearest airlock!"
	The two men burst out laughing, causing more than a few heads at the "Hutt Hut" to turn their way. Anakin wiped away a tear while setting his drink down. 
	"You weren't drummed out of the Order for that?" he asked. 
	"No, in fact, I was commended for my ability to react to criticism," Obi-Wan replied. 
	"I'm sorry, is this the same Jedi Order that is more rigid than a tree on Kashyyk?" Anakin asked. "Where cracking a smile is frowned upon?"
	Obi-Wan's smile faded. "It isn't that bad."
	Anakin cocked his head to one side. "You sure about that? One student, just one student, was showing off earlier and Master 'Airlock' puts an end to it. I tried to have a little fun in classes and it also got broken up because the 'lighter' side of the Force is apparently a bad thing."
	Obi-Wan finished his glass of water and pushed it to the other side of the bar. The piggish Gamorrean on the other side grunted as he picked up the glass. 
	"More free water?" he grunted. 
	"Yes, I'll have another," Obi-Wan replied, ignoring the sarcastic tone. 
	"As I recall," he continued. "You used the Force to start a fight between two students.
	"No one got hurt," Anakin shrugged. "It was all in good fun."
	Obi-Wan gave him a hard stare. 
	"I would have stopped the fight," Anakin said. He put his empty glass down on the bar, clinking it loudly. 
	Obi-Wan's stare didn't fade. 
	"Eventually," Anakin conceded. 
	"Listen," Anakin started before Obi-Wan could reply. "Tell me, honestly tell me what harm there is in just being a little on the fun side. What's wrong with having a sense of humor? For the Force's sake, Obi-Wan," Anakin's voice was rising. "What the hell is so horrible about showing a bit of emotion? We have them, right? Why should we suppress them to the point that we deny our own humanity?"
	A rather large creature next to Anakin bumped his shoulder. "Loud, human loud."
	Anakin looked up at him. "Stupid, you stupid."
	Obi-Wan's eyes got larger. "Anakin, perhaps we should be moving along."
	"No, I don't think so. We're Jedi, we fought in the war, and we have every right to be here and then some. If this guy doesn't like my tone, he can be the one to move along," Anakin tipped his glass over onto the bar. 
	The Gamorrean was back in the span of two heartbeats, this time with a friend. 
	"Buy something, or get out," he grunted. 
	"You hear that?" Anakin raised his voice even louder. "War heroes aren't welcome here any longer."
	Obi-Wan locked eyes with his friend for a long moment. In that moment, Anakin pleaded with him to stand by him, to stand for what he believed was right. 
	His plea was heard. 
	"You have great shoes," Obi-Wan told the Gamorrean bartender. 
	"What?" he grunted, looking at his friend for help. 
	"I said, you have great shoes," he repeated, smiling at Anakin. 
	The large creature next to Anakin stood up, the bar stool scraping loudly against the floor. All other noise seemed to stop inside the large bar. 
	"What does that have to do with anything?" the bartender asked. 
	"Well, because as much as I like your shoes, I don't think I'd want to be in...your shoes," Obi-Wan tipped his glass over as well, sending the water all over the bar. 
	"Oops, how clumsy of you," Anakin said. 
	Both Gamorreans looked down at the glass. When they looked back up, Anakin’s blue lightsaber lit up the area. 
	"I think he'd like a new glass, right Obi-Wan?" Anakin muttered darkly. He glanced at Obi-Wan, who looked down for a moment in thought before also pulling out his hilt. His blade joined Anakin. 
	“I think that would be lovely,” Obi-Wan nodded. 
	The bartender's friend scampered away. The bartender himself swallowed hard, but his eyes flickered to Anakin's right. 
	Before the punch from a large creature could crush Anakin's skull, he used the Force to propel him through a window and twenty meters out into the street. The beast slammed into the pavement, rolling several times before coming to a stop. 
	"How about something besides water, on the house of course," Obi-Wan's lightsaber was still pointed at the bartender. 
	"Anything for a war hero," he grunted. 

	----------------------------

	Anakin had never laughed longer or harder in his entire life than when he was walking home that night with Obi-Wan Kenobi. 
	"'...on the house of course'," Anakin imitated Obi-Wan. "I think that pig would have given you the deed to that filthy hovel if you asked for it."
	Obi-Wan laughed with him. "Not bad for a bit of fun."
	"I don't think the guy I threw out the window would agree," Anakin chuckled as they walked into a public transit station. “Although, he could do with a few cuts and bruises."
	"Let's call it ‘character building’," Obi-Wan laughed. 
	Before they could get to a transit car, they were stopped by four clone troopers. 
	"ID, please," one of them said. 
	"You're joking, right?" Anakin replied. 
	"ID, now," the trooper insisted. 
	"Obi-Wan," Anakin looked at him. "ID, now," he mockingly imitated. 
	"Sir, if you can't provide accurate identification, then we will be forced to take you into custody," the trooper warned. 
	"Have we done something wrong?" Obi-Wan asked. 
	"No, this is just a random security check," the trooper replied. 
	"If we have done nothing wrong, then let us pass," Obi-Wan insisted as other citizens moved past them without even a second glance from the patrol.
	"As soon as we see some ID's," the trooper's hand went to the blaster on his hip.
	Anakin pulled his robe to one side, showing his lightsaber attached to his belt. 
	"There's my ID, now step aside," he said, the smile fading from his face. 
	All four of the clones drew their weapons. A sound of clicks filled the air as the safeties on their weapons were switched off. 
	"I wouldn't do that if I were you," Obi-Wan warned. 
	"Under Republic Executive Order Number Five-One-Five, you will submit yourself to a blood screening immediately. You can do so at a Republic Detention Facility or," the trooper produced a small device. "You can do it right here."
	Anakin's face twisted with outrage, but he was surprised that Obi-Wan spoke first. 
	"We will do absolutely no such thing. I am General Obi-Wan Kenobi, this is General Anakin Skywalker, the Hero of Rishi, and you will stand down or face drastic consequences," he said. 
	Anakin smiled as Obi-Wan’s hand reached for the hilt of his lightsaber. 
	“We’re just doing our job. There’s no way for us to tell if you’re a Jedi clone or not unless you submit to a blood screening,” the trooper took a step backward. 
	Obi-Wan glanced at Anakin, who nodded back to him. In the span of a few heartbeats, two blue blades lit up the night and carved up the rifles and pistols pointed menacingly at them. The pieces of the weapons clattered to the floor as another transit car rumbled by. 
	Three of the troopers saw that discretion was the better part of valor, scrambling away so fast that one of them stumbled up the stairs leading to the next platform. The fourth one tried to run, but was left kicking in the air as Anakin held him off the ground with a mere wave of his hand. 
	“You want to see our ID’s now?” Anakin asked. 
	“Sir…I’m sorry…we’re here to enforce…” the trooper sputtered. 
	Anakin floated the trooper over to Obi-Wan. “I don’t think my friend likes bullies, do you?”
	Obi-Wan floated the trooper quickly back to Anakin. “Not in the slightest.”
	Anakin dodged, causing the trooper to bounce off of a pillar and break his faceplate. The black glass clattered to the floor, exposing the man’s face. 
	“Whoops, how clumsy of me,” Anakin laughed. 
	The lone trooper drew his weapon, pointing his pistol at Anakin, then at Obi-Wan. “S…s…stay back! Stay back, damn you!”
	Anakin’s lightsaber flashed only once. The trooper’s blaster fell to the floor in three pieces. 
	“You tell your friends we don’t appreciate being questioned. Tell them the Hero of Rishi doesn’t like to be agitated,” Anakin raised the trooper off the ground with one hand. 
	The trooper made gagging sounds as the Force tightened around his neck. 
	“Okay Anakin, that’s enough,” Obi-Wan said. 
	“No,” Anakin’s eyes were locked on the trooper’s faceplate. “I don’t think he gets the point yet.”
	The fear on his face fed Anakin’s fury. Who did this chump think he was? Anakin’s grip began to tighten as the trooper’s eyes began to bulge. He could almost feel the man’s lungs heaving, desperate for air. 
	“Drop him, Anakin, he’s learned his lesson,” Obi-Wan put a hand on Anakin’s shoulder. 
	“Has he?” Anakin’s head spun around. “I’ve heard the stories, Kenobi. I know how we’ve been treated on Coruscant during the war. Random checks, blood tests, our rights being restricted at every turn, is that gratitude for a thousand generations of service? We haven’t done enough to push back against rats like this. I say it is time for a change from what the aliens have done to us.”
	Obi-Wan’s eyes widened. “Let it go, Anakin. For the Force’s sake, look at yourself.” 
	Their eyes locked for a moment. The trooper stopped making gurgling noises before Anakin’s gaze softened. He dropped his arm and the soldier collapsed, gasping in great lungfuls of air. 
	“I think we should get you home,” Obi-Wan urged. 
	“He deserves it. They all deserve it,” Anakin muttered, but it wasn’t the troopers he was referring to.
	Their walk home was a somber one. Although they passed other groups of soldiers on their way to and from the transit station, no one dared to even look at them. A bitter wind swept the streets that ripped through their Jedi robes and hoods. 
	“That isn’t our way,” Obi-Wan finally broke the silence. 
	“We don’t know what ‘our way’ is anymore,” Anakin replied with no hesitation. “We’ve been led down a path with no vision toward the future.”
	Obi-Wan kicked a can down the street. “Can’t you ever be happy with the way things are?”
	Anakin shrugged. “’The way things are’ are always changing. Remember our time on Cerea? You taught me how to stop a river?”
	Obi-Wan chuckled. “Yes, I suppose those were ‘happier’ times when all we had to worry about was keeping you and Padme out of trouble.”
	“The river always runs, no matter what. Sure, it follows the same path, but that path is always changing. Molecule by molecule, millimeter by millimeter, that path changes. Eventually, it erodes away a portion of the bank and it collapses forever, but the river keeps flowing,” Anakin kicked the can. 
	“Yes, that’s true, but I don’t see what…” 
	Anakin cut him off. “I believe we’re at the point where the riverbank collapses. The Force will always be there, but the Council hasn’t led us down the right path. Do you know why?” 
	“I’d be fascinated to hear your theory,” Obi-Wan replied. 
	“They aren’t human.”
	“Oh? I hadn’t noticed,” he replied.
	“This isn’t the time for games!” Anakin shouted. “You’re not on the Council, Mace Windu isn’t leading the Council, it took them forever just to knight me, and now they’re debating blood tests. Why? Because all humans look alike, but Yoda stands out like a thumb.”
	Obi-Wan said nothing, but kicked the can further down the road. 
	“How many humans sit on the Council?” Anakin asked. 
	“Two,” Obi-Wan replied. 
	“And how many have high ranking positions in the Republic military?” Anakin asked.
	“More than two,” Obi-Wan replied softly. 
	They rode the turbolift up to Anakin’s apartment almost in silence. Obi-Wan’s brow was furrowed as he stared out into the night. The more he thought, the more worried his expression became. Could it all be true? 
	“Anakin, there’s something you need to know about Master Yoda,” he began as they approached Anakin’s apartment door. 
	“Save it for later,” Anakin said. “Padme wouldn’t want to hear talk like this.”
	“This is rather important,” Obi-Wan’s mind ran through the shattered crystal of Anakin’s saber. 
	“Nothing is more important than Padme,” Anakin winked as the door opened. 
	His apartment was completely empty. 



	"Perhaps she stepped out?" Obi-Wan shrugged as Anakin tore through his apartment. "I mean, she does have an adventurous spirit."
	He sidestepped a pile of clothes that was flung across the room. Anakin had conducted a search of the apartment with a feverish pace that was bordering on pure panic. Obi-Wan cocked his head to one side as his friend checked every nook and cranny for Padme, calling out her name at times. 
	"No, she's not here, what could have happened?" Anakin jogged from the master bedroom across the living room and into the kitchen, almost crashing into Obi-Wan along the way. 
	"She might have gone looking for you. After all, we are late in getting you home," Obi-Wan tugged at his beard, but he concentrated on studying Anakin. 
	Anakin was now checking every kitchen cabinet, no matter how small, desperate to find any trace of his wife. 
	"Anakin?" Obi-Wan called. 
	Only a rustling of metal pots replied to him. Anakin scattered them across the floor of their spacious kitchen as he searched a storage compartment. 
	"Anakin!" Obi-Wan shouted. 
	A loud thud was followed swiftly by Anakin muttering a curse that made Obi-Wan frown in disgust. Anakin stood up slowly, rubbing his head from where he had hit it. 
	"What in the blazes do you want?" Anakin glared at him. 
	"Why is it so impossible for you to consider that Padme might just have stepped out for a bit? You haven't even tried her communicator, yet. She's climbed into a Republic garrison, stowed away on a circus train, and gotten herself into more scrapes than I can count, but her not being here when you get home has you more stirred up than a Hutt with no food," Obi-Wan folded his arms. 
	"Padme doesn't leave the apartment, don't you get it?" Anakin threw up his hands. "And if she can't leave, then that means someone took her!"
	"Did you put a security field on the door?" Obi-Wan asked. 
	"Well...no," Anakin's face turned a deep shade of red. 
	"Then why can't she leave?" Obi-Wan pressed. 
	"I didn't mean to say she can't leave. I meant to say she ‘shouldn't’ leave. It's late and the streets aren't exactly the safest place for a woman to be at this hour," Anakin stumbled through his lie. 
	"Anakin..." Obi-Wan stepped forward. 
	"You saw how aggressive those troops were. We can handle ourselves, but Padme..." Anakin began. 
	"She stared down Tarkin and tried to kill a Dark Lord of the Sith. I don't think Captain Skippy of the Republic Army will be much of a problem for her," Obi-Wan took another step forward. 
	"Well she might have..." Anakin's stumble turned into an outright fall. 
	"Why can't she leave, Anakin? What is stopping her?" Obi-Wan stood toe-to-toe with Anakin. 
	"I am!" Anakin shouted. 
	Anakin leaned heavily against a nearby counter. His face was crestfallen and for the first time, he looked truly guilty. A single tear rolled down his face, but he couldn't stand to look Obi-Wan in the eyes. 
	"On Rishi, you did something to her," Obi-Wan stated. 
	Anakin nodded. 
	"Anakin...what have you done?" Obi-Wan asked. 
	Anakin's face became grim and set. "I saved her from pain. From the pain of loss, the pain of war, the suffering she would have had to endure after that fight. Ethan was gone, Jango and Boba took off to who knows where, and Khian was...killed."
	Obi-Wan half-sat, half-crumpled into a chair. "You did this?"
	"Darth Maul taught me that there are many things the Force can do that the Jedi won't explore. I used a technique that spared her from..."
	"You stole her from us," Obi-Wan breathed. 
	A long silence filled the room. 
	"I did no..."
	"You did more than hide her pain, you denied her the right to grieve for what she lost. It is a basic human right that you took from her."
	"What's worse," Obi-Wan staggered to his feet. "You took away a piece of what she was. I sensed it on Alderaan, but I couldn't put my finger on what it was. You...altered...Padme to make her passive, more docile. My God Anakin, you broke her."
	Anakin stared out the window into the night sky.
	"And now you're going to fix her," Obi-Wan crossed the room in great strides and held out his hand.
	"Why would I do that?" Anakin asked quietly. 
	"To get back the woman you love and the person we need. Oh, did I also mention it was the right thing to do!" Obi-Wan's open hand trembled. 
	Anakin’s eyes narrowed. "The right thing to do varies from person to person."
	"What's right will always be right," Obi-Wan replied. "You miss her too, I know it."
	Anakin looked down at his open palm. "Yes, I have to admit I miss her fire."
	"You have a small yellow lightsaber, a trinket that Padme gave you. Hand it over," Obi-Wan said. 
	The small item floated out of Anakin's pocket and landed in Obi-Wan's hand. "Cute, right?" 
	Obi-Wan held the object up to his mouth. "We got what we needed. I'll have to bring Anakin to the safehouse to get Padme back. I'm sure our Operative would agree with you. We'll be en route shortly."
	"You...?" Anakin let the question hang in the air. 	
	"Yes Anakin, it is no coincidence that I was on Alderaan. True, the Council was worried about those clones. They wanted to send Master Plo Koon to investigate, but Yoda and I saw this as a golden opportunity,” Obi-Wan replied. 
	Anakin had to clutch a chair to fight and maintain his control. Obi-Wan began tilting, the world began spinning, and every breath took significant effort. 
	“We needed to know how much we could trust you. Master Rahm Kota assumed you had done something to Padme, but it isn’t like we could just come out and ask you about it,” Ob-Wan continued. 
	“It’s not possible…” Anakin couldn’t finish the sentence. 
	“What isn’t possible is the chaos that is going on around us,” Obi-Wan said. “The war is a sham perpetrated by corrupt people who will stop at nothing to trample us until we're nothing more than a footnote in history.”
	Anakin tried to sit, but missed the chair. He collapsed on the floor, resting his elbows on his knees, placing both hands over his face. His heart threatened to tear him apart. 
	“And you,” Obi-Wan glowered. “You took Padme away from all of us, including yourself. Even you admitted that you miss her fire, her spirit. Only you can restore it.”
	Anakin’s face shot up. “How do you know that?”
	“She’s with Rahm Kota even now. He’s been trying for weeks to bring her back, but he’s had no success. You have to undo the damage you’ve brought upon her. We need Padme back!” Obi-Wan stood over Anakin. 
	Anakin shot up, staring into Obi-Wan’s eyes. “But why? Why can’t you just leave us alone! We’re in love, dammit, why can’t everyone just leave us ALONE!”
	The windows to Anakin’s apartment began cracking. 
	“There is a grave threat to us all. This war wasn’t started the way we thought it was,” Obi-Wan refused to back down. 
	“The Sith can have their little war, I don’t care!” Anakin shouted and the windows splintered. The frames themselves quivered as vibrations coursed through them. 
	“And if the Republic burns because of your love?” Obi-Wan asked. 
	“Then I will raise my family in its ashes!” Anakin shouted, breathless with rage. 
	The five windows to Anakin’s apartment shattered and were blown out into the night air. The frames were either ripped with them or hung like jagged teeth. The ceiling cracked, furniture tossed aside as though they were a child’s toy. A couch went through a wall, chairs crashed into the hallway, and the floor below them became warped and distorted. Anakin had raised himself half a meter into the air.
	Obi-Wan held his ground, planting his feet firmly in the floor even as it curved in a misshapen way. 
	"You can't believe that," he said quietly. 
	Anakin's hair hung limply over his eyes. His icy stare pierced through the former mentor that stood before him. Every muscle was tensed, coiled as if ready to strike. Every nerve tingled with anticipation. Yet through it all, a single glimmer of light escaped his core. Anakin let the horror of the moment sink in. 
	"No...I..." Anakin sputtered before his feet touched the ground again. 
	"You took her from me, Obi-Wan," he muttered. 
	"No, my friend, you took both of yourselves away from all of us. This rage is dangerous because it can consume you and control your actions. Emotions can be powerful things, but we still have the choice of how to act upon them. Work with me, not against me, and we can save a galaxy," Obi-Wan held out his hand again. 
	Anakin took a step backward, recoiling at the sight. 
	"I don't deserve forgiveness," he spat. 
	"Perhaps not," Obi-Wan said. "But you deserve a chance to become a true Jedi. Not one who was rushed into a war, but one who can be the greatest of us all as I still believe you can be."
	Anakin's eyes widened. 
	"...the greatest of us all...”
	He clasped Obi-Wan's hand firmly, embracing his friend for a moment. 
	"I promise you, my family will redefine the word ‘legendary’.”
	
Chapter 10

“He didn’t sound pleased.”
There was a distinct lack of confidence in Bail Organa’s voice as he paced back and forth in front of Padme Amidala’s unconscious form. 
“What did you expect? You kidnapped his wife,” Jedi Master Rahm Kota shrugged as he leaned against a bulkhead. 
The Tantive IV had been orbiting the third moon of Carratos for twelve hours. Every minute of that time had put Bail Organa in a cold sweat. The thought of the rebels stumbling upon them wasn’t what made his heart race. Instead, it was the idea of the Republic patrols discovering them and reporting it back to Coruscant. 
“Technically speaking, you did the heavy lifting,” Bail argued. 
“She ain’t that heavy,” Rahm Kota shrugged. “Rather petite for a pregnant lady.”
Bail stopped wearing a groove into the deck. “This isn’t funny.”
Rahm just shrugged and closed his eyes. 
Bail continued to pace, mumbling under his breath every few moments until the intercom buzzed. 
“They’re here,” Rahm’s eyes snapped open. 
Bail pressed the intercom button. “Yes, Captain Antilles?”
“A two-seat transport is approaching, requesting permission to come alongside. Their code clearance matches the one…”
“Tell them they are welcome and show them…ah, never mind. Skywalker will know where to find us,” Bail slammed his fist against the comm panel. 
When he turned back to the Jedi Master, Bail’s jaw dropped. 
Jedi Master Rahm Kota, a hardened and battle-scarred veteran of the Clone Wars, had his hand gripping the hilt of his lightsaber. That hand was trembling as his eyes were locked on the doors leading into the medical bay. 
“You too?” Bail asked, clutching his own hand to keep it from shaking. 
“In the future, it should be policy to never make a Skywalker angry,” Rahm muttered. 
Bail rubbed his temple with two fingers. “I thought Jedi couldn’t get angry or else you’d turn to the dark side.”
Rahm cracked a smile. “A common misconception. Jedi can feel emotions as long as you don’t act on them. It is the actions that make the man, not his feelings. You can feel any way you like, as long as you don’t take down half the galaxy with you.”
Bail raised an eyebrow. “Master Yoda would disagree with you.”
Rahm shook his head. “Yes he would, but that’s a different way of thinking. Like drinking a fine wine, emotions are best in small doses, but there will always be different doctrines guiding us. I believe politics has been that way since the dawn of time itself.”
Now Bail cracked a smile. “Point taken.”
Rahm’s grip on his lightsaber tightened as the smile faded from his face. 
"Something doesn’t feel right about this. I'll face them outside the airlock. Perhaps I can stem the tide that threatens to wash over us," he said. 
"Better you than me," Bail stepped to one side, allowing the Jedi Master to leave. 
Rather than pace, Bail stood at the side of the unconscious Padme Amidala. He looked down on her as a father might, with eyes that held nothing but empathy and compassion. Those same eyes each betrayed a single tear, one for each child she was carrying that he would never again have. 
"We are so close," he muttered. "So close to ending it all and reclaiming the Republic we lost. All we lack is the one connection you possess."
The door opened, but before Bail could even turn around, the door was closed again. 
"I hope Rahm was able to talk a little sense into you," he chuckled as he turned away from Padme. 
Nobody was there. 
"But, how?" Bail wondered aloud. He turned back to Padme to see someone else standing across from him, looking down at her.
"Who the blazes…?" Bail asked before the man reached over and slammed his head into the medical panel. 

--------------------------------

"You still won't tell me?" Anakin sulked in the co-pilot seat behind Obi-Wan Kenobi. 
"I hate repeating myself," Obi-Wan called over his shoulder. "We're coming out of hyperspace soon and we'll all explain it to you."
Anakin chose to sulk in silence for the next few minutes. 
"This was necessary, I assure you. If you hadn't..." Obi-Wan began. 
"I can only imagine what the Council must think of all this," Anakin interrupted. 
Now Obi-Wan was silent. 
"They can't be thrilled that I tried to ease her pain," Anakin continued. 
"Only Master Yoda knows what you've done," Obi-Wan finally replied. "He might have told Master Windu, but that's as far as it goes as far as the Council is concerned."
"I see," was the only reply Anakin could muster. 
"A lot of things will be discussed once the war is over and the status quo is restored," Obi-Wan said. 
"And Padme is the key?" Anakin asked. 
The nav computer set off a warning in both cockpits, announcing that they were approaching their destination. 
"I wish it were anyone but her, but we have no alternative," Obi-Wan eased back on the throttle and engaged the sub-light engines. The sight that greeted them made Obi-Wan's heart race.
The Tantive IV was adrift and in a slow spin on all three of its axes. The entire ship was dark, not a light was to be seen from the windows. 
"Tantive IV, this is Obi-Wan Kenobi, broadcasting restricted channel one-one-three-eight, please respond," he called. 
There was no reply. 
"Who else is supposed to be here?" Anakin asked. 
"Nobody else. We specifically chose this dead area of space so we'd be alone," Obi-Wan stated. 
"Then who's that?" Anakin pointed to the ship. 
The Tantive IV finally spun around enough for them to see another small two-seat transport attached to the side of the consular ship. 
"Tantive IV, this is Obi-Wan Kenobi, broadcasting restricted channel one-one-three-eight, please respond immediately," he called. 
"Give me pilot control," Anakin demanded. "We need to get on-board that ship."
In an instant, his HUD and flight controls lit up. "No argument from me," Obi-Wan called. "But perhaps I can make it a little easier on you."
Obi-Wan stretched out his hands. His eyes were squeezed shut from the exertion and sweat broke out upon his brow. Slowly, but surely, the Tantive IV stabilized its rotation enough for Anakin to bring their transport alongside and engage the docking clamps. 
"Anakin, don't rush..." Obi-Wan called over his shoulder, but his friend had already hopped out of his seat. 
By the time Obi-Wan had caught up with him, Anakin was floating in mid-air, kicking at nothing. Obi-Wan took only one step onto the deck of the Tantive IV when he too, began floating. 
"No artificial gravity," he muttered, his breath forming in a puff of air. 
"Yeah, ain't this swell?" Anakin tried reaching for a bulkhead, his breath also visible in the cold. 
"I think you and I should have a lesson on patience to try and get it into your thick skull that charging into the unknown is rarely wise," Obi-Wan pushed off against a wall. 
"How long will this one last?" Anakin groaned. 
"We'll start with a full year and see if you can get past the introduction," Obi-Wan ran into Anakin, sending them both moving down the corridor. 
They slammed into a door, but were able to grab on to something to stop them from floating away again. 
"We have to get to Padme," Anakin wiped sweat off of his forehead. 
"Even I don't know where Bail was keeping her," Obi-Wan replied. "And it would take far too long to track her down while we're in this semi-helpless state."
"So now we come up with a plan?" Anakin asked. 
"Now, we get ourselves to engineering. We can either restore the gravity or we can assist those already working on the problem," Obi-Wan pushed off hard, bounced off a bulkhead, and floated toward down another corridor. 
"Padme," Anakin breathed before pushing off and following Obi-Wan. 
Using the Force to guide their efforts, the two Jedi were able to adjust to their new environment and reach the rear of the ship. A number of crewmembers were also floating around in a desperate effort to get the ship back under control. 
"What the hell happened here?" Anakin pulled himself into the room. 
"We're not really sure," Captain Antilles met him near a junction box. "Your ship pulled alongside and Jedi Master Rahm Kota went down to meet you, but you weren't there. In fact, no one was there. Next thing we know, all internal power had failed. Environment, communications, everything went dead"
"Including artificial gravity," Obi-Wan made his way over to them.
"Republic Armed Forced procedure states this is our priority," Captain Antilles nodded. 
"Even over life support? It's freezing in here," Anakin shivered. 
"Once gravity is back up, we can work more efficiently. It might not be the most pleasant atmosphere to work in, but we have hours before the lack of heat or oxygen becomes a serious problem," 
	There was an awkward moment of silence between the three of them. The unasked question hung in the air as engineers floated around them. 
	"Last I heard, she was with the Viceroy in the medical bay," Captain Antilles said. 
	Before Obi-Wan could open his mouth, Anakin had pushed off against a panel and shot out of the engineering room. 
	Obi-Wan sighed. 
	"I think teaching a Hutt how to diet would be easier than teaching him patience," he said before pushing off after him. 
	By the time Anakin had reached the medical bay, he had finally gotten his "space legs" under him. He was able to maneuver off of walls, the floor, even the ceiling with ease. His mind had adjusted to there being no directions at all when there was no gravity. There was no upside-down when there was no down. Nothing was right side up when there was no right side. 
	Anakin also noticed just how helpless he could be in this scenario. He couldn't plant his feet to attack with a lightsaber. Using the Force would be problematic if he couldn't channel it properly. The disorientation could paralyze a Jedi or a Sith, at least in the short term. 
	The sight that welcomed him made his blood run cold. 
	Anakin had opened the door and pushed into the medical bay to see only Viceroy Organa floating, unconscious, in the room. Droplets of blood hung in the room, leaking from a wound in his forehead.The medibed where Padme was supposed to be was empty, with straps floating in the air instead of holding her down. 
	The blood drained from Anakin's face. 
	Obi-Wan grunted as he collided with the bulkhead just behind Anakin. He eased his way into the room, his jaw dropping at the same sight. 
	"Where is she?" Anakin mumbled. 
	Obi-Wan pushed off a wall just enough to get to the Viceroy. He tore the sleeve of his robe and pressed it against Bail Organa's bleeding forehead. 
	"Where is she?" Anakin repeated, louder this time. 
	"Anakin, get me the Liquistitch, I have to stop this bleeding," Obi-Wan pointed to a nearby table. 
	Anakin didn't budge. 
	"Anakin! The Viceroy of Alderaan has a head wound. Please, get the Liquistitch!"
	"Where is my pregnant wife?" Anakin roared. 
	Obi-Wan used the Viceroy's body to push off toward the table. He grabbed a small tube while still drifting, then pushed off of another wall and back to the Viceroy. 
	"This would be easier if I had a hand," Obi-Wan called over his shoulder. 
	"She was supposed to be here, you were supposed to keep her safe," Anakin growled. "Where is my wife?"
	"Have you learned nothing from me?" Obi-Wan pressed on the tube, but the liquid material spurted into the air due to the lack of gravity. 
	Anakin closed his eyes for a moment, silently cursing himself for not doing this sooner. Using the Force, Padme's aura became immediately clear. Anakin's eyes snapped open. 
	"You can stay with the Viceroy, but I'm going after Padme," Anakin said. 
	"Where is she?" Obi-Wan grabbed handfuls of the Liquistitch out of the air and pressed them to Bail's forehead. 
	"The only place on the whole damn ship you can't float," Anakin replied before using the Force to propel himself out of the room. 
	Obi-Wan thought for a moment before a hint of motion caught his eye. Before he could look up, gravity was restored to the ship. He fell to the ground along with Viceroy Organa. Shaking his head a few times to clear the spots from his eyes, he looked upward to see the air duct grate was swinging in the air. 
	"I'll be a..." Obi-Wan let it hang in the air as the Viceroy groaned. 
	Looking back down, there was something else in the room that only added to the mystery. A pile of skin, complete with boots, gloves, helmet, and the head that came with it was hovering in a corner near the air duct. 
	Anakin picked himself up off the deck and sprinted toward the starboard docking port where the other ship was located. This man was clever, far too clever, but now the game was up. 
Questions peppered Anakin's mind as he ran, pushing crewmen out of his way. Why would someone kidnap Padme? How had they known where she was? What did she know that made everyone want her so badly?
	Anakin skidded to a halt at a "T" junction. The foreign ship was only a few steps away from where he stood. He ignited his lightsaber, stared up at the air duct just above him, and waited. 
	Long, tense moments passed. Anakin was fully prepared to stay as long as it took before the man came out from hiding. This was now his only escape and nothing would move the Jedi Knight from this one spot. 
	Sweat hung from Anakin's hair. He counted down another minute before opening himself up to the Force again.  
	"That's simply not possible!" Anakin sank to his knees. 
	Padme was already gone. 
	A crewman ran toward him, breathless. He leaned against the bulkhead, nearly breathless. 
	"Jedi Skywalker...your...your..." he gasped. 
	"I know, my wife is gone," Anakin rose from his knees. 
	"That's not the...only thing...missing," he replied. 
	An alarm began blaring, causing the crewman to cover his ears. 
	"What is that?" Anakin shouted over the klaxon.
	"Proximity alert! There's an explosive attached somewhere to the ship!" he shouted back. 
	Anakin turned around, eyes widening as he saw a flashing red light coming from inside the intruder's ship. 
	"Open the docking clamps, NOW!" Anakin shouted. 
	"I'm just an environmental crewman, I don't know how!" he shouted back. 
	Closing his eyes, Anakin thrust out his hands. The deck-plate under his feet began trembling in agony. Anakin grunted from the effort, but one by one, bolts that attached the docking clamps to the Tantive IV began to give way. With a loud pinging sound, they popped off until the entire docking port ripped away. Closing his eyes, Anakin shoved as hard as he could and the two-seat transport was propelled rapidly away from him.  
	Anakin's eyes blazed as his only link to his wife's kidnapper was incinerated. 

-----------------------------------

Chapter 11

	The four were assembled back in the medical bay. Obi-Wan was nursing a bruise on his knee from his fall. Viceroy Organa was woozy from the blow he had taken to his head, but was lucid enough to explain what happened. Captain Antilles face was grim, but mostly due to the embarrassment of how he had been duped. 
	Anakin's face was eerily calm. 
	"I heard him come in through the door, but the next thing I knew, I was unconscious," Bail winced as he touched his forehead that was covered in Liquistitches. 
	"He's rather clever," Captain Antilles said. "On your orders, Jedi Kenobi, we were on silent running. Naturally, we didn't expect you to broadcast a call-sign. By the time he had docked, it was too late. His electromagnetic pulse crippled us and now you know the rest."
	"He knew I would run toward his ship, allowing him a clear run to ours. Stealing our own ship was a stroke of brilliance," Anakin casually remarked. 
	Obi-Wan raised an eyebrow. 
	"So who was he? Where did he go?" Obi-Wan spoke up. 
	"I'd never seen him before," Bail replied. "He was a pudgy, balding man, but he moved so fast it was unreal."
	Captain Antilles held up the pile of skin by the scruff of the neck. The head limped with vacant eyes staring down at the floor. 
	"That would be him, I suppose," Bail shrugged. 
	Anakin exchanged a glance with Obi-Wan. "Well, now we know who it is. The big question is where he took her."
	Now, Viceroy Organa and Captain Antilles exchanged a glance. 
	"This," Anakin gestured to the lump of artificial skin. "is Drevin Setts, the closest man to Tethys Aran."
	Captain Antilles's jaw dropped. 
	"Tethys Aran the arms dealer?"
	"Tethys Aran the war profiteer?"
	"Tethys Aran the..."
	Obi-Wan cut them off with a wave of his hand. "We've been down this road before. So where's the rest of him?"
	"Without our nav computer or sensors, we have no way of knowing," Captain Antilles said. "All we had time to do was restore power to the gravity generator and the life support."
	Bail looked at Obi-Wan for a moment while the Jedi stroked his beard for a moment before nodding back at the Viceroy. 
	"Captain, please oversee further repairs. We'll need to get back to Alderaan before we are reported as being overdue," the Viceroy ordered. 
	Once the officer was out of the room, Anakin could almost feel the mood of the medical bay darken. 
	"I think it is time we let Anakin into our little circle," Bail suggested. 
	Obi-Wan said nothing, but nodded. 
	"Anakin, at the start of the war, we faced defeat after defeat. We were outnumbered, outgunned, and outmaneuvered at almost every turn. Raids were conducted on Tython, Rodia, a half-dozen other core worlds including Coruscant herself, twice. This stirred the military into a frenzy and forced the Senate to give Chancellor Palpatine emergency powers," Bail said. 
	Anakin folded his arms. "I know all this."
	"But what you don't know is that once our military increased its numbers ten-fold, the rebels never adjusted. Their tactics were exactly the same, their Order of Battle was the same, and they even tried to raid Coruscant for a third time, from the same origin point, using the same trajectory. Naturally, our navy intercepted them well away from the system and annihilated the raiding force," Bail continued. 
	Anakin raised an eyebrow. 
	"Apart from rogue Jedi clones running around the galaxy, everything became easier for us. The conflict was widespread, but we racked up victory after victory with fewer casualties on our end. The Jedi were spread thin for a war that was all too easy," he finished. 
	Obi-Wan stepped forward. 
	"It was on Rishi that we got our first real solid piece of evidence that something was very wrong with this war. You well remember the massive armada that we were tangled with when you arrived?" Obi-Wan asked. 
	"One of my 'rockier' moments," Anakin grinned. 
	"Nearly a thousand warships engaged us, but we only found a thousand casualties in the wreckage," Obi-Wan replied. "We should have found nearly fifty times as many."
	"It didn't help that Tarkin was running us out of there almost after the last shot was fired," Rahm Kota growled as he entered the medical bay. 
	"My apologies for being late, but our communications are back online. I've been able to fend off repeated queries about where we are, but we can't stay here much longer. I'm sure we've been traced," he said. 
	His presence broke the mood in the room. Anakin folded his arms in a placid, almost casual way, while Bail furrowed his brow deeply in thought. Obi-Wan's shoulders were tense from the stress of the situation. Rahm Kota cleared his throat loudly. 
	"Are we lowering the boom on young Skywalker?" Rahm asked. 
	"At some point, I guess," Anakin stifled a yawn. 
	"We're on Rishi," Obi-Wan spoke up. 
	"Oh great, ‘Tarkin Takes Over’," Rahm scowled. 
	"Indeed," Obi-Wan nodded. "Once the battle was over and the planet secured, we wanted to study the Mandalorian weapon, but Marshal Tarkin stepped in immediately. He declared it a Republic victory and banished the Jedi from the entire system. We petitioned the Senate, but they sided with Tarkin."
	"With the ever-powerful Supreme Chancellor throwing his weight around," Bail huffed. "I've never seen him lobby so hard before."
	"Before we were 'escorted' out of the system by the Republic Armed Forces," Obi-Wan continued. "We did a thorough scan of the wreckage. Most of the ships were unmanned, being operated by remote. The rebellion itself is a farce, nothing more."
	"Let's get to it," Rahm Kota growled. "I don't like staying in one spot for too long."
	"Put simply," Obi-Wan glanced at Bail Organa for support. "Palpatine's behind it all."
	Everyone in the room looked at Anakin for a long moment. All he did was shift his weight from one foot to the other and run a hand through his hair. 
	"And of course, we have evidence?" he finally replied. "Other than an empty fleet we no longer have access to?"
	They all exchanged glances. 
	"Anakin," Obi-Wan said. "We just said that the Supreme Chancellor is the force behind the war."
	"Yeah, I can hear," he replied. "The evidence?"
	Rahm Kota clapped him on the shoulder. "I like this kid. Let's get straight to it."
	"We have circumstantial evidence," Bail said. 
	"At best," Rahm shrugged. 
	"Palpatine had the most to gain from this," Obi-Wan said. "Once the war began, he quickly ascended to power. When Valorum was killed..."
	"I still pin that on Palpatine," Rahm grunted. 
	"...he obtained absolute power. The rights of the citizens have been restricted beyond belief, vast amounts of power moved to the central government, and the military turned into a police force that suppresses the people at every turn," Obi-Wan continued. 
	Anakin's stare was unwavering. 
	“It’s all still circumstantial evidence,” Bail spoke up. “Which is why Padme is so essential to this endeavor.”
	Anakin glanced at Obi-Wan. 
	“Rahm Kota had been trying for weeks to get her memory back. It’s the whole reason we rushed the two of you out of your vacation. Time is pressing and we need to know what she used to know,” Obi-Wan said. 
	“Which is?” Anakin asked. “What does my wife know that you are so desperate to find out that it required her kidnapping only to be kidnapped again?”
	Obi-Wan cleared his throat. “Do you remember the datapad we were handed on Cerea? It had a list of armaments on it that were being used in the war. We now know that those arms were being used by both sides. We also that the person who sold those arms dealt directly with Palpatine himself. All we need is a ledger, receipt of payment, or personal testimony of the arms dealer, Tethys Aran. He’s now the key to bringing Palpatine before the Supreme Court and ending this madness.”
	“Which explains what his lackey was doing here,” Anakin nodded. “To prevent us from finding his boss.”
	“Not quite,” Bail winced as he applied a cold pack to his forehead, which was turning an ugly shade of purple. 
	“Tethys Aran has vanished. He usually keeps a low profile anyway, but all of our sources show that the black market is nearly in chaos due to a sudden power vacuum,” Rahm growled. “That man is one hundred percent gone and no one can find him.”
	“Except Padme,” Anakin rubbed his chin in thought. 
	“She and Khian were alone with him for quite a while on Ord Mantell,” Obi-Wan said. “With Khian dead, she’s the only link anyone has to Tethys Aran. He’s shut himself out completely, except for her.”
	Everyone in the room went silent. Anakin was just as stone faced as before. 
	“Well then,” he finally remarked. “We had better go after her.”
	“Go where? We have no idea what direction Drevin could possibly have gone in, let alone his destination. He could be anywhere by now.” Bail Organa replied.  
	Rahm Kota tapped his communicator. “Captain Antilles? Set course for Coruscant. I think we’ve wasted enough time failing in this part of the galaxy.”

	--------------------------

	“Friends, I have failed on many levels,” Obi-Wan began. Rahm Kota gripped him by the shoulder, but he shook it off and proceeded to explain their mission. 
	The look of outrage, sorrow, anger, and confusion was worn by many Jedi. The golden protocol droid in the corner could barely take notes fast enough to keep pace with the aftermath. 
	Yoda rapped his cane on the floor, bringing them to order. 
	“Approved of this, I did. Drastic action is needed to save us all,” he said. 
	“Why not confront Palpatine? Or call upon him to resign from a press conference?” Plo Koon spoke up. “If he is behind this, then he must stand trial.”
	“Without proper evidence, it is treason,” Obi-Wan shook his head. “Without Padme, we have nothing.”
	“Then let us conduct a search for this Tethys Aran,” Kit Fisto said. “We will track him down no matter where he hides.”
	“Decades, that would take,” Yoda sighed. “Find him now, we must.”
	Tarkin’s cup shattered when it hit the floor, sending shards and liquid flying across the smooth stone. He slumped back in his chair and put his hands to his face. The Jedi were painfully close to the truth that he had helped keep hidden for nearly a decade. 
	However, there was a silver lining to what his protocol droid had discovered. If he could play this correctly, Tarkin could cement himself in a new order from its foundation. 
	Tethys Aran could completely expose Palpatine. 
	The Jedi had been hunting Tethys. 
	The Jedi knew the war was a power grab. 
	It would only be a matter of time before they knew who Palpatine really was. 
	A cold sweat broke out on Tarkin’s head. A single, trembling finger crept toward the comm panel on his desk. 
	“Yes, Marshal?” his aide asked. 
	“I need…” he needed a breath or two as it took tremendous effort just to get those words out. A person’s life can be boiled down to a handful of key moments when they had to make a decision that changed them forever. The question that now lay before him was whom should he contact?
	Tarkin could easily go to the Jedi, expose Palpatine once and for all, and be hailed as a hero. 
	“Sir?” the receptionist asked. 
	“Inform the Chancellor’s office I’m on my way to see him.”
	“His office status is listed as occupied, you won’t be able to get past the outer office without an appointment,” his aide stiffly replied. 
	Tarkin couldn’t help but grin. Yoda and the Jedi had been attempting to strip him of his duty and title. They had been the ultimate obstacle to his lifestyle. Now, only formality stood in Tarkin’s way of securing himself for all time. 
	The opportunity to lay out his trap would never come again. 
	“After today, I’ll never need an appointment.”


	“You are certain of this?” Palpatine asked. 
	Tarkin smiled. “Beyond any doubt, Supreme Chancellor. The Jedi need only secure Padme and the game is over. Everything you have worked for is dust.”
	“Everything we have worked for,” a voice corrected. 
	Colonel Adani pressed his fingertips together. “We have all come too far to let the Jedi ruin everything now, but they still miss one vital piece of information. They know Padme is the key to unlocking the truth, but they still do not have her location.”
	“Nor do we,” Palpatine leaned back in his chair. “I can order a thousand ships to a thousand systems, but time is fleeting. We need her exact location. Where could Drevin Setts have taken her?”
	“That’s not the full question,” Adani corrected. “The question really is: Where could she be that the Jedi wouldn’t go looking for her?”
	Tarkin frowned; his eyes searching for the truth. 
	“Bogan,” Palpatine suggested. “The legendary home of the dark side itself. No Jedi would dare to even consider such an option. The very mention of the Sith give the Jedi pause, but to hide Padme where darkness itself was born would be a very clever move indeed.”
	“We can’t take her alive; the risk is too great,” Tarkin said. “Bombard the surface with a fleet and be done with it once and for all.”
	He stood and reached for his datapad as Palpatine nodded in agreement. 
Colonel Adani also stood. “Gentlemen, I’m afraid the time has come for us to part ways. I can’t say it hasn’t been enjoyable spending all this time together, but I must take my leave of you.”
	“What are you talking about?” Palpatine snapped. “You’re an officer in the Republic Navy and you’ll be dismissed when I command it. I have not ordered the 501st Legion to execute my command.”
	“I’ve had a lot of practice doing this so your words will not faze me, O Glorious Leader,” Adani sniffed. “The Jedi are officially primed for their much needed fall. Once I escort young Anakin to the world his blushing bride is on, everything will fall into place.”
	“What? But you cannot…” Tarkin began. 
	Colonel Adani abruptly stood up and pressed a hand to Tarkin’s forehead. The Marshal gasped for only a moment before sitting in a nearby chair. His eyes held only a vacant expression that matched the rest of his body. There was nothing within him to indicate he was present at all. 
	Palpatine stumbled out of his chair; his eyes wide in amazement. 
	“Do you know who you’re dealing with?” his voice abruptly changed. 
	“Oh yes, Darth Sidious, we’ve had this conversation many times before. You’re the greatest Dark Lord of the Sith since Bane himself, the terror of the galaxy, a force unlike we’ve never seen before today,” Adani said dismissively. 
	“Do you think this is the first time we’ve had this dance?” Adani mused. “Although, I believe this will be the last.” 
	Darth Sidious rose to his full height, his eyes blazing with hate. “You fool!” he spat. 
	Adani waved his finger from side to side. “Now, now, we can’t have that. Reveal yourself now and the Jedi will have every excuse to come after you right here. Let’s take care of that temper of yours, shall we?”
	Colonel Adani leapt over the desk in one swift move and pressed his hand to Sidious’s forehead. The light in the Supreme Chancellor’s eyes faded as he too sat back in his chair. 
	“Every journey begins with a first step,” he smiled. “Even if that journey leads towards a cliff. Tarkin will come to the aid of our heroic fools. Let him fulfill his purpose, but leave Anakin to me.”


	While the debate raged on in the Jedi Council, Anakin coolly stood against a far wall. He already knew what had to be done. The only question was when the Council would get around to figuring out what he had already deduced. Of course politics was in the way, as it was at every level in a democracy, but he was patient enough to let this run its course. 
	Every so often, Obi-Wan would glance his way. Other than that, the Chosen One was just a fly on the wall as the “powers that be” tried to save the Republic. They were still trying to get past the dilemma in which they now found themselves. 
	The place Padme had been taken to was so painfully obvious that Anakin had to work hard not to blurt it out. Without even reaching out to the Force to find her, he already knew her kidnapper could take her to only one place. This planet was where Anakin had longed to go ever since he had returned from the Battle of Rishi. To leap at the chance to go there now would jeopardize everything he wanted. He simply had to practice patience. 
	A sound of chimes filled the air. In a moment, the room grew quiet. The twelve Jedi Masters turned to the double-door leading into the sacred chamber. 
	“Enter, you may,” Yoda motioned toward the door. Using the Force, he drew them open. 
Wilhuff Tarkin, widely proclaimed as the genius behind the Republic’s victory at the Battle of Rishi, entered the room. 
	Tarkin’s uniform was flawless, the seams crisp, the ribbons aligned as though someone had taken a ruler to them for the sake of perfection. His boots very nearly showed his reflection in them. The expression on his face was completely impassive, as though he couldn’t be bothered with what was going on. 
	“Welcome, you are,” Yoda nodded his head in respect, although Anakin could tell not one other Jedi in the room shared that sentiment. 
	Without a word, Tarkin strode to the middle of the room. He drew a blaster from his holster, and fired. 
	The Jedi rose up in alarm; the blaster flew out of Tarkin’s hand, but not before the bolt had found its mark. 
	The golden protocol droid’s chest now had a hole through it. The droid stammered in alarm, but could not form a cohesive sentence. 
	“B….b….I…..wh….” was all the golden droid could muster as it ran its hands over the hole in shock. 
	Tarkin raised both of his hands high into the air as three Jedi ignited their lightsabers and approached him. 
	“I hardly believe that will be necessary,” he said with an air of arrogance. 
	“Then explain yourself,” Plo Koon’s lightsaber was centimeters from Tarkin’s throat. 
	“I wanted to ensure some badly needed privacy,” Tarkin gestured to the droid. “The Jedi have been, what is the expression, ‘bugged’ for quite some time.”
	“Who would possibly…” Kit Fisto’s voice trailed off. 
	“It was at Palpatine’s request that the droid was here to act as a liaison between his office and this chamber, correct?” Tarkin lowered his hands. 
	The Jedi Chamber was silent. The assembled masters turned to look at the droid, who still sputtered, but waved its hands rapidly in the air. Tarkin crossed the room in measured strides and picked up a few pieces of metal that had been blown out of the droid’s chest. He marched back and held them out for the Jedi to see. 
	“Technology can be used in the most sinister of ways,” he dropped the pieces of the listening device on the floor in front of the three Jedi Masters. 
	“Can I assume I have earned your trust?” he sniffed with annoyance. 
	The three Jedi de-activated their lightsabers before returning to their seats. 
	“Good, then we can get to work,” Tarkin smiled. “You know and I know that Palpatine is the threat that will tear apart the Republic. He is incredibly close to achieving his goal.”
	“Indeed, we do,” Yoda sighed. 
	The Marshal eyed the Jedi Master carefully. Anakin could see the man’s mind working; trying to figure out how best to spin his next web of statements. This man was beyond brilliant, he was the only man who could stand in front of twelve Jedi Masters and get them to dance to his song. 
	“Do you know that he is mounting a mission to rescue Padme using the Republic military? Even as we speak, a strike team is being assembled to bring her back, alive only if possible,” Tarkin nodded toward Anakin. 
	Anakin smiled. This man was very good, better than he remembered on Alderaan. Anakin played along with the bait, but he wouldn’t clamp down on the hook. 
	“We can’t allow that to happen!” he cried out. “Masters, please, we have to rescue her!”
	“But where?” Plo Koon asked. “If Palpatine knows where she is, then he has a decisive advantage over us. We don’t even know where to begin looking for her.”
	“True,” Yoda smiled. “But Tarkin does.”
	Tarkin gave a slight bow. “Our beloved Supreme Chancellor was gracious enough to include me in his plans. The strike team does have a destination. Tethys’s hunter chose his planet well. He has taken Padme to the one planet that even the Jedi would hesitate to go to, yet the one planet where he might find answers himself. He said it was the birth of the darkest part of the Force itself.”
	“Korriban…” Mace Windu breathed the name as if it were a noxious gas. 
	“Precisely,” Tarkin smiled. “Padme is now on one of the home worlds of the Sith itself.”
	Anakin’s heart raced. 
	“Then we must act fast,” Mace stood up. “If the strike team reaches Korriban before we do, they might kill Padme to keep Palpatine in power. Worse still, they might learn the truth and kill Tethys Aran.”
	“Travel to Korriban? Are you mad?” Kit Fisto stood up as well. “No Jedi has ventured to that system in generations.”
	“If we don’t go there now,” Yoda also stood, resting on his cane. “Lost, all will be.”
	Tarkin clapped his hands together. “Then it is decided. Obi-Wan and Anakin will go to Korrib…” but Yoda waved him off. 
	“Only send two Jedi to recon an entire planet that is home to the dark side? A ridiculous notion, that is,” Yoda tapped his cane on the floor. “Send seven Masters, twenty Knights, we will, to investigate. Call on more, if needed, they can. Send others to the remaining Sith planets, we will, in case he tries to throw us off the scent.”
	“Yes…yes of course,” Tarkin scowled for just a moment. “I’ll have to inform Chancellor Palpatine of this. Perhaps I can get him to hold off on the strike team, for the time being.”
	“Buy us all the time you can,” Yoda said. 
	“I’ll do all I can to save the Republic,” Tarkin smiled. 

	--------------------------------------

	Anakin walked toward his transport fully expecting Obi-Wan Kenobi to be tagging along. His mind raced, trying to come up with excuses to get away from his friend while on Korriban, if only for a while. He could try explaining, maybe even bring Obi-Wan along on his plan, but not just yet. Obi-Wan’s mind was far too occupied trying to save the galaxy. 
	Anakin wanted to transcend the galaxy. 
	He pitied his friend. Obi-Wan was so concerned with what Palpatine would do or what Tarkin might try next. Anakin walked a little taller with the knowledge that he was above something so petty. With the knowledge he might gain on Korriban, he might approach Palpatine at some point to exploit that knowledge to its fullest. But that would have to wait for another day. 
	Waiting by Anakin’s transport wasn’t Obi-Wan at all. It was someone he had never before laid eyes on. 
This man was dressed in an immaculate gray uniform that didn’t seem to be standard Republic issue. He had an impressive array of unit citations decorating his chest, but some of them were un-recognizable. What was even more unusual was the man’s appearance. His skin was whiter than any cloud Anakin had ever seen, yet it almost seemed to glow even in the light. His hair was also white, but his eyes were what sent a chill up Anakin’s spine. 
	There was no iris at all. The man’s eyes were completely white. 
	“Greetings, Anakin,” the man bowed with a great flourish. “I am Colonel Adani, Master Engineer, Mechanic Extraordinaire, and Commander of the 501st Legion.”
	Anakin cocked his head sideways. There was something extraordinary about this man, but he couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was. His basic body language was enough to tell in Anakin in detail that this man was far more than he appeared, despite that appearance already being impressive. 
	“Is there something I can do for you, Colonel?” Anakin asked. 
	“You could get on board so we can be on our way,” he smiled broadly. 
	Anakin looked around. “I don’t see the 501st around here.”
	Colonel Adani abruptly snapped to attention. “By order of Wilhuff Tarkin, Marshal of the 3rd Grand Sector in the Core Worlds, with approval from the Supreme Chancellor, I am to accompany Jedi General Anakin Skywalker to Korriban and to assist him as needed to bring success to the mission at hand which will reflect great credit upon ourselves, the 501st Legion, and the Armed Forces of the Galactic Republic.”
	“Do you always talk like that?” Anakin asked. 
	“Nah, I just memorized that while waiting for you to get here and didn’t want all that time to go to waste,” he replied before climbing up the ramp with the two droids tottering behind him. 
	“Did I keep you waiting that long?” Anakin called after him. 
	“About forty-five seconds!” the colonel called back. 

Chapter 12

	Ten small ships began to orbit the rust colored planet known as Korriban. Instead of immediately descending into the planet’s atmosphere, each one hesitated. Fear of the planet itself permeated even through the vacuum of space as the Jedi fretted about how best to handle the planet of the Sith. 
	One ship slowly began to move toward the surface, then another, and then another. It was as though they were forced to leave the safe confines of space instead of boldly charging down to investigate. 
	Jedi Master Plo Koon was granted overall command over nine other Jedi Masters and thirty Jedi Knights. Together, they would scan various sectors of the planet, looking for Padme. If possible, they were to avoid actually landing on the planet itself. In his shuttle were Master Kit Fisto and two Jedi Knights who had survived the war’s numerous conflicts. 
	“There are various humanoid life-form readings,” Kit Fisto read from his computer. “It is difficult to determine if Padme is among them.”
	“Or Darth Maul,” Plo Koon growled through his mask. 
	“We have numbers enough to handle him, should he be here,” his friend replied with a grin. 
	“I refuse to underestimate the Sith, particularly as they have outwitted us for more than a few years. You would do well to remember that we have been blind to what they have done. They are great deceivers,” Plo Koon stared out over the landscape as they flew near a set of ruins. 
	“Other shuttles are reporting in with similar results,” Kit Fisto announced. “I’m afraid we’ll have to set down.”
	“No!” Plo Koon shouted. “I will not allow the planet to corrupt us. We continue our scans, as intended, until that option is completely exhausted.”
	“Well, there is one sector that has not been reported on yet,” Kit said with hesitation. 
	“Which one?” Plo leaned over to get a better view of Kit’s monitor. 
	“Anakin Skywalker’s sector,” Kit moaned. “I’m not even seeing his shuttle on the monitor. I can’t guarantee he made it to the system with us.”
	Plo Koon couldn’t hide his scowl. “The ‘Chosen One’ was probably delayed by some Council mandate. The Force forbid the he stray from Coruscant too long. Master Windu was practically counting the days until he came back from Alderaan.”
	“I am getting one reading, just one, from this set of ruins ahead of us. I can’t make it out, it is humanoid though, there’s no question about that,” Kit announced. 
	“A lone reading?” Plo asked. 
	“It is too deep in the ruins to know for sure, but there’s not much else around it,” Kit confirmed. 
	Plo straightened up and closed his eyes. The Force was there for him, as it always had been, but it was so clouded, so muddled, it was like trying to see through a dense fog. There was no question that something, or someone, was down there. Beyond that, it was impossible to determine anything else. It was un-settling to say the least to be so inhibited. He wondered if he might feel the same if he attempted to breathe the same atmosphere as his colleagues. 
	“Very well,” he sighed. “Let’s set down outside the ruins and see what’s there. Advise Jedi Masters Kolar and Secura that we are investigating and will call upon them, if needed.”
	The small shuttle broke through the clouds and each second of their descent seemed to increase a heavy feeling forming in Plo Koon’s gut. It wasn’t the gravity of this world, but the nature of the planet itself that made him break out in a cold sweat once they had touched down on the surface. 
	The four Jedi stood in the shuttle’s doorway. They had been on Korriban for nearly ten minutes, but so far, all they could do was stare at the barren landscape and the wind-beaten ruins. 
	“No Jedi has set foot on this planet in nearly a millennia,” one of the knights said in a voice barely above a whisper. 
	Plo Koon pushed past them and stepped onto the surface of Korriban. “Well, we have now. Come, Jedi Reaux, let’s get to work.”
	The four of them walked to the entry of the ruins, each step away from the shuttle seemed wrong, as if the Force itself were telling him how bad of a mistake this was. The ruins themselves were vast in size. There were tall spires and columns that stretched into the sky as though they were the legs of dark guardians from a long and forgotten era. The rust color of the walls matched the ground and the sky around them. One of the knights rubbed his hand against some runes that were etched into the entrance to the ancient temple. 
	“Don’t touch anything,” Plo Koon warned. 
	“Everything on the walls is made rough by the winds,” Jedi Reaux observed. “But the runes are still smooth.”
	For the briefest of moments, the runes shifted on the wall. It wasn’t quite as if they simply changed places, but as though the language was writhing in pain and suffering as it moved. Plo Koon blinked hard and looked again. He was certain that the runes were now in a different order than before, but they remained still. 
	“Such power…” Reaux breathed and moved his face to be mere centimeters away from the runes. 
	In an instant, Plo had grabbed the Jedi Knight by the back of his robes and pulled him away. The knight ignited his lightsaber and glared at the experienced master. His breathing was heavy and accompanied a wild, un-tamed look in his eyes. 
	For a moment, neither of them moved. 
	"Let's keep our heads about us," Plo said through his breathing mask. 
	The knight’s face abruptly softened. He looked around, as though waking from a deep sleep, and turned off his lightsaber. Together, the four of them moved into the main chamber of the temple. The room was vast, with a ceiling so high it could barely be seen by the naked eye. Endless pillars stretched up toward the darkness. 
	"She could be anywhere," Master Fisto said in a whisper. "Assuming she's here at all."
	"I don't feel anything," one of the knights glanced around the room anxiously. "I mean, anything at all. It's like all life is just sucked into this place and never comes out. I don't know if I can do this."
	"You don't have to," Master Koon closed his eyes. "All of us will work together to bring an end to this war and to the Sith that blinded us."
	Twin staircases rose from the large room to a higher area. The entire room, including the floor, walls, ceiling, had been covered in the same, writhing runes. A single altar was placed in front of them. Unlike the rest of the room, the altar was spattered in a multitude of different colors.  
	"By the Force..." Jedi Reaux whispered, putting a hand to his mouth. 
	Plo Koon leaned in close before his eyes widened in realization. "There is a reason why we cannot feel the life within this temple. This is where the Sith conducted ritualistic sacrifices. Hundreds, perhaps thousands, of beings died here. Their life force was absorbed; forever trapped in this place."
	"Trapped where?" Master Fisto asked. 
	Plo looked at the ruins on the floor that were now constantly wriggling beneath them. 
	The dying whine of another shuttle's engines could be heard in the distance. It pierced the silence, but was the most welcome sound they could have heard. Jedi Reaux smiled at the sound. 
	"You called in reinforcements to search an empty temple?" he asked. 
	"It was never empty," Darth Maul's lightsaber pierced Jedi Master Kit Fisto’s chest. 
	The Sith Lord snarled deeply as he withdrew the blade. The lifeless master slumped to the floor in a heap before his body dissolved completely, leaving his clothes behind. 
	Jedi Reaux wanted to assume a defensive stance, but seeing a master fall lingered in his eyes. 
	"Long has it been since the Jedi befouled this sacred place," he reached out with the Force and claimed the fallen lightsaber in his off-hand. "You will hunt me no longer."
	The three remaining Jedi lit their sabers, while Plo Koon threw his hand out in front of him. Darth Maul leapt into the air to avoid the Jedi Master's effort with the Force. As he pirouetted in mid-air, he threw the second blade at Jedi Reaux, severing both legs just above the knee. 
	"You will entertain me after my workout," he pointed at the knight as he rolled on the floor in agony. 
	The two remaining Jedi, Plo Koon and the lone knight, lunged at the Sith Lord, who retreated up a series of steps before leaping over them both. 
	"Acrobatics will not save you this day," Plo said in a deep voice. "There are far too many of us on this world. Surrender now and we will spare your life."
	Darth Maul gave a wide, sweeping bow. "The Jedi value balance in all things. Bring your friends and you might achieve this before I kill you all."
	As Jedi Master Aayla Secura led two other knights into the temple, Darth Maul smiled. 
	"Then it begins."

	---------------------------

	When it had ended, Darth Maul wiped the sweat from his brow before taking a deep breath. "Carnage, death, it all smells like victory, don't you agree?"
	He walked toward the lone survivor. Jedi Reaux had no legs, but was crawling toward the entrance of the Sith Temple. To be accurate, he was pulling himself along with just his hands; his fingers digging into the floor for traction. 
	Darth Maul knelt beside his body. "Take a deep breath through the nose. The aroma is so palpable that I could almost reach out and touch it. Such an intense environment to immerse myself in, almost like a hot bath."
	The young knight continued to pull himself along. 
	"Although," Darth Maul sat down next to him. "Fear, now that is something extraordinary. Fear begins the path to true darkness. Fear makes politicians turn against their own people, who then turn on each other. Fear is a gateway to horrors that can destroy whole civilizations."
	Jedi Reaux winced as he continued to pull himself toward the entrance. His fingers were bloody and raw from the effort. 
	"It takes quite a bit to drive fear into the Jedi who chose to hunt me on a Sith homeworld. Your fear is the most delectable in the galaxy. It not only nourishes me, it feeds my soul," Darth Maul smiled. 
	Jedi Reaux stopped, but did not look at the Sith lord. 
	"Ending you would have only been a bonus," he spat. 
	In one move, Darth Maul flipped the Jedi onto his back and placed a knee on his chest. "You...you weren't hunting me? The Jedi didn't send their assassins to my world for me, despite looking for me all these years? Why are you on Korriban? Who were you here for? WHO?"
	The Jedi now spat on Darth Maul's face. "I'm not afraid of you. There are nearly thirty other Jedi on this rock and when we fail to check in, they'll flock to this very spot."
	Darth Maul lit his lightsaber. "You're not afraid?"
	"Jedi know no fear," he winced as Darth Maul's knee pressed into his chest. 
	"And why is that, exactly?" the Dark Lord asked. 
	Jedi Reaux, despite having no way to defend himself and missing two of his limbs, let out all his breath in a deep sigh and stared Darth Maul directly in the eyes. 
	"Because I pity you."
	"You...you what?" Darth Maul stood up. 
	"You heard me. Anger and rage fuel you, that's true, but eventually you run out of things to be angry about. When that happens, what are you left with? Nothing. Nothing at all. You're a hollow shell that feeds on the very emotions that corrupt you, body and soul. What do you feel when the fire dies down? You feel empty, assuming you feel at all. You're a shell," Jedi Reaux said. 
	"But I feel compassion, even for you. True, the Jedi would want to stop you by driving a lightsaber through your chest, but we would do so to save lives. We would preserve life because life is a blessed thing in this universe that continues for decades, even centuries. Once you snuff out a life, its story is over and only the silence remains to fill your life day after day. Compassion, Lover of Darkness, compassion warms me and drives the fear from my heart. That is why the light side of the Force is forever superior to the void you desperately cling to."
	Darth Maul stood, towering over this lump of a man. The words that had been spoken had pierced Darth Maul more than any torture his master had conjured. For the briefest of moments, his fists relaxed and moisture filled his yellowed eyes. 
	"You cannot frighten me, but I will always feel remorse for you," Jedi Reaux stretched out a hand and patted Darth Maul's leg in a comforting manner. 
	The Sith Lord's face hardened, his teeth bared in a snarl, and a growl filled his throat at the disgusting act. 
	"You feel no fear, little man?" Darth Maul asked and Jedi Reaux shook his head. 
	"Let's test your theory," Darth Maul pointed the saber at the knight's fingers. 

--------------------------

	The shuttle was spacious, almost luxurious by normal standards. It could easily have held ten people en route to Korriban, but of the only two passengers, Anakin was the only one feeling cramped. 
	Colonel Adani had an unsettling demeanor. He was always quick with a joke, seemed to always know what to say, when to say it, or when to say nothing at all. He kept his distance, not crowding Anakin at all as he expected. Most strangers tended to pepper Anakin with questions about his destiny or fighting Darth Maul. So far, topics of conversation included starfighter racing, Hutt-ball, and the next generation of INCOM starfighters. 
	He was the perfect travelling companion, and it drove Anakin crazy. 
	“Looks like INCOM is going with a split-wing configuration. Pretty smart, doubles the firepower without sacrificing speed,” the colonel mentioned. 
	It was almost like he was made for Anakin; his best friend for all time. 
	“So where are the droids?” Anakin asked. 
	“Hmm?” Adani replied half-heartedly. 
	“There’s no astromech droid,” Anakin pointed to the empty middle console slot where a droid was supposed to be. His mind wandered back to when R2-D2 had helped to guide his wounded transport from Ambria to Rishi. 
	“We have a nav-computer, don’t we? We have the natural instincts of a humanoid pilot and a Jedi Knight onboard. What more do I need?” he replied. 
	“Suppose the nav-computer fails,” Anakin surmised. 
	“There’s a backup,” Adani retorted. 
	“And if that fails?” Anakin pressed. 
	“You have the honor of being with one of the best mechanical minds in the Republic. I know machines like you know a lightsaber,” he grinned. 
	“And if you’re dead?” Anakin threw up his hands. 
	“We have repair bases all over the quadrant staffed by humanoid mechanics,” Adani chuckled. 
	Anakin chewed on his lower lip for a moment. Could he have gotten them to Rishi on his own? He knew the way there thanks to Jango, he had used the Force to help keep the ship together, and he only relied on the droid sparingly for assistance. 
	“What about going to an entirely new planet without a protocol droid?” Anakin asked. 
	“Those droids blab so much they’re practically a liability,” Adani replied. 
	“A translator droid that talks a lot? Get the Holo-Net News on this one,” Anakin chuckled. 
	“Droids can talk too much, if you know what I mean,” Adani replied. 
	Anakin nodded slowly. 
	He couldn’t avoid the glaring security error that had gotten past the Jedi Order, nor could he ignore that droids could be sliced, much like people. Anakin’s mind wandered back to just how easily he had “sliced” into Aiya Rios in an interrogation room. She sang like a bird on that day. Surely it wouldn’t take very much to crack open a droid as well? 
	The nav-computer buzzed an alarm, breaking his train of thought. 
	“We’re nearly there,” Adani sat up in his chair. “I’d strap in if I were you, I’ll be cutting in the sub-light engines in just a bit.”
	“Are we the first ones here?” Anakin eagerly asked. 
	Colonel Adani cocked his head sideways. “Yes, Master Jedi, so far we are.”
	Anakin buckled his restraining harness as the ship entered the planet’s orbit. Korriban didn’t look anything at all like he remembered from the archives. This world looked pristine, almost untouched by the passage of time. It reminded him of Cerea, which had largely been ignored by the galaxy and flourished naturally. It was not the rust-colored wasteland he was prepared for. 
	Two moons orbited this world. One was a beacon of light, the other shrouded in darkness. Neither looked as though they suffered from a natural disaster to make them appear as one solid color, but it appeared as though this was how they were in their natural state. Each moon was as smooth as polished marble, not a single blemish to be found on either surface. 
	“That’s not Korriban,” Anakin said flatly. 
	“Not even close,” Colonel Adani replied. “We never left the Deep Core.”
	“Where have you taken me?” Anakin grabbed the colonel by the front of his tunic. 
	“To your beloved Padme, of course,” the colonel grinned. “Isn’t that what you wanted all along?”
	Anakin’s fist slammed into the colonel’s chair, just centimeters away from his head. “Where are we?”
	The colonel’s mind-numbing grin didn’t fade with the threat. If anything it widened. His purely white eyes shone as he looked at the Jedi Knight. Those eyes that were just as lacking in blemishes as the two moons they were approaching. 
	“We’re home.”

Chapter 13

	“You have finally decided to rejoin civilization, at last,” Palpatine breathed a sigh of relief. His apprentice had not sent a single transmission in over a month. His time on Korriban left Palpatine feeling uneasy. Darth Maul was his chief architect and main weapon against the Jedi. Because he could not afford to reveal himself, he had to rely on Darth Maul to act in his stead in all physical matters. 
	Palpatine cringed at the thought of relying on anyone. 
	After the duel with the Jedi on Rishi, Darth Maul had become more belligerent. Assuming that the stress of running a war while constantly on the run from the Jedi had taken its toll on the young Sith Lord, Palpatine had allowed him to take his sabbatical. However, time was running short. Only with Tethys Aran’s death would he truly be secure. The Jedi would never be able to remove him from office except by force. If they tried that as their last resort, the populace would rise against them. 
	“I am leaving Korriban immediately," Darth Maul said. 
	Palpatine allowed himself a small smile. "Excellent. I trust the Jedi weren't too much trouble?"
	"A warning might have been nice," Darth Maul glowered.  
	"I knew you could handle yourself," Palpatine shrugged. "You have been well trained."
	"I look forward to using your training again," Darth Maul smiled a little too broadly. 
	"You know where Tethys is?" Palpatine leaned forward. 
	"The Jedi were kind enough to reveal they were hunting Padme to get to Tethys Aran. Because she is not on Korriban, I now know where she is being hidden. The Jedi were right to suspect a dark side world, but they chose the obvious planet instead of the historical one," Darth Maul replied. 
	Palpatine thought for a moment. "Bogan?"
	Darth Maul nodded. "I am headed there now. I will break Padme and learn where Tethys is hiding himself."
	"Let me know when Tethys is killed," he chuckled softly.
	Palpatine sat back and smiled. He was still, despite his mistakes, far enough ahead of the Jedi that he was unstoppable. Victory was assured over a Jedi Order that had last over a thousand generations. 
	"I have no plans to murder him," Darth Maul replied. 
	Palpatine's smile faded. 
	"Far too long you've made me do your work based on empty promises," Darth Maul spat. "I will wait no longer for leadership of the Sith."
	"You will lead once I am secure!" Palpatine's fist slammed on his desk. 
	"You have sat in that chair long enough. If you weren't secure already, the Jedi would have taken you down long before now," Darth Maul replied. "Your time is over. I will expose you for what you are and let the Jedi do with you what they wish."
	"I won't go quietly," Palpatine's eyes glowed. 
	"The more Jedi you eliminate, the fewer I have to worry about. Your battle will be glorious, but brief. I will raise the Sith from the ashes, starting with Anakin Skywalker and his children," Darth Maul looked directly at the holo-emitter. His projection was only half-a-meter in height, but suddenly it seemed to be the only thing in Palpatine's office. 
	"Your end will be at my hands and there’s nothing you can do from behind your desk to stop me," Darth Maul faded from the projector. 

---------------------------------

	“Home? What are you talking about?”
	Anakin’s eyes were everywhere at once. The navigational readout was completely foreign to him, the planet and its moons were just as alien, but Colonel Adani was absolutely beaming. 
	“Can’t you feel it, Anakin?” he asked. “The Force radiates from these worlds like a gentle wave.”
	Anakin only had to close his eyes for a fraction of a moment before he gasped aloud. What he felt was more potent than almost anything that had impacted his soul before. 
	“Gentle wave? I’d hate to see high tide,” he clutched at his chest. 
	Colonel Adani’s smile faded as he looked up at Anakin. “Welcome to Tython, Chosen One.”
	Anakin closed his eyes and fully opened himself to the Force. He bathed in the aura given off by these worlds as he never had before. The feeling was nothing less than exquisite. 
	Through it all, something nagged at him. Like a splinter caught in his mind, something on the darker moon scratched at him, ruining his tranquility. Anakin forced himself to turn his attention away from this feeling of perfection and focus on this annoyance. 
	When his mind centered on it, he realized there was power within the annoyance, but power of a different sort. This was warm as well, comforting, but more tangible than what Tython offered. 
	“Padme’s on that moon,” Anakin said. 
	“I thought Padme didn’t matter as much as the Force? Isn’t that why you really came here? To learn more about the dark side of the Force? Anakin, you’ll find no better place in the galaxy to immerse yourself than on Tython’s moon, Bogan,” Colonel Adani piloted the shuttle toward the dark moon. 
	Anakin’s mind wandered back to the Force. What he now felt was colder and fleeting, like an echo of what was truly important. The power was there, but it seemed less important than Padme’s love. 
	“I thought so too,” he muttered. 
	“Padme will be there,” Colonel Adani said as they breached the moon’s atmosphere. “You know that Drevin will not harm her. There’s time to explore what is truly important to you.”
	The warmth of Padme covered Anakin. Whereas the dark side and the Force in general beckoned to him, it all seemed so distant. Padme’s love was nothing less than phenomenal. No matter how miniscule it was, no matter how corporeal she was, the love she had for him and he for her was boundless. 
	“Padme first,” Anakin said. “The dark side is also not going anywhere.”
	Colonel Adani stood up. “The Jedi will guess her true location soon, Anakin. They’ll know that Korriban is not where she is being held and come for her. When that happens, do you think they’ll allow you to stay? You never shied away from power before; don’t start when the center of power throughout the galaxy is kilometers away from you.”
	The warmth of the Force called to the Chosen One. 
	“Ethan never got this far.”
	It was a blanket of power that he could pull around him. Power to protect Padme, power to fight the Sith, to fight the Jedi, to build a galaxy free from the horror of war, a galaxy united under one person.
	“You used the power of the Force before to save lives. Imagine what you could do with both light and dark at your command.”
	He could truly be the greatest of all time. 
	“Take what is yours. You’ve earned it.”
	Anakin sat in the co-pilot’s chair and stared at the vast landscape of the moon before him. With some reluctance, he pushed Padme from his mind. 
	“Take me home.”
	Colonel Adani’s smile returned as he pressed forward on the controls. They shot through the atmosphere, soaring over a flat and barren landscape. The land didn’t seem inhospitable, but it was completely unremarkable. They approached a small compound with several buildings and a large temple in the middle. The transport set down near an all too familiar site for Anakin Skywalker. 
	There was a courtyard in front of the temple with the compound on all sides. Like the planet’s surface, the courtyard was flat and unremarkable except for one feature. 
	A single, black obelisk extended into the sky. 
	Anakin collapsed into his chair. This monument was exactly like the one he had encountered on Ambria. There, one dark side witch sought to harness the power of the dark side and had constructed the obelisk over the course of a century to be over one hundred meters in height. Anakin learned that the structure could only be built at one meter per year. 
	This obelisk was easily ten times taller. 
	“Anakin, are you well?” Colonel Adani asked. 
	Without saying a word in response, Anakin rose and walked toward the loading ramp. Colonel Adani followed as Anakin set foot on the moon for the first time. He fully expected a shock to hit him as it had on Ambria. He paused for a moment with one foot still on the transport. 
	“I don’t think Bogan will bite,” Colonel Adani laughed as he brushed past Anakin. He leapt onto the moon’s surface and breathed in deeply. 
	“You haven’t been completely honest with me,” Anakin hadn’t moved, but his eyes were locked on the colorless man. 
	“No one in the galaxy is ever completely honest with anyone,” the Colonel turned to look at Anakin. 
	“Who are you really?” Anakin asked. 
	Colonel Adani smiled. “Now that is an excellent question.”
	 The man locked eyes with Anakin for just a moment before he sprinted toward the obelisk. Anakin took off after him, but skidded to a halt when he saw the man remove his military tunic and throw it to the ground. 
	“Who am I?” he asked. “A colonel? A leader of military might? A pawn in the great machine? No, Anakin, I am something far greater than anyone could ever have imagined!”
	He longingly touched the runes that were etched into the obelisk. His entire body shivered as he roamed along the base of the massive monument. 
	“I’m a man who has come home after fifteen hundred years of searching,” Adani smiled. 
“Do you see?” he shouted to the compound. “I’ve done it! I returned with the Chosen One!”
	Anakin whirled around, expecting to see the moon’s inhabitants come out of the buildings, but no one appeared. 
	Colonel Adani was beside himself with glee. He clapped his hands together. “I’ve brought him at long last. Now, our work can truly begin.”
	“Who are you talking to? What’s going on?” Anakin asked. 
	Colonel Adani smiled again before sprinting to the large temple behind the obelisk. With Anakin chasing after him, he stopped at the top of the stairs just ahead of the columns at the temple’s entrance. 
	“I’m talking to the Force itself,” he replied. “My friends, family, compatriots, anyone who has ever studied the darker side of the Force. They’re here, all of them, every single one is right here with us now and I will join them soon.”
	“Yes!” he went on joyfully. “I am the last survivor of the Je’daii Order, those who studied the Force and sought its power for over twenty-five thousand years. We were exiled here for the crime of seeking knowledge. We were condemned simply for wanting to know more, needing to understand the true nature of the Force.”
	“So you are over twenty-five thousand years old?” Anakin folded his arms. 
	“I don’t look a day over twenty thousand, I know,” Adani beamed down from the top of the stairs. 
	“And you were exiled here, somehow escaped, enlisted in the Republic Armed Forces, rose to the head of the 501st Legion, just to get me here?” Anakin scoffed. 
	“Do you always trivialize someone’s life story? By the Force, you make it sound so easy!” Adani laughed. 
	Anakin turned and walked toward the transport. 
	“Where are you going?” Adani clattered down the steps. “We haven’t even begun.”
	“Sorry,” Anakin called over his shoulder. “I don’t do crazy.”
	He walked around the base of the massive obelisk only to find Adani was there, waiting for him. The man was leaning against the structure, showing the same infuriatingly broad grin as before. 
	“We’re all a little crazy,” he said. 
	Anakin glowered at him. “I’m going to Padme. I never should have listened to you. You’re no teacher; I learned plenty about speed from the Jedi.”
	“There’s more,” Adani said without moving his mouth. 
	Anakin cocked his head sideways. 
	“There are techniques, skills, protection; everything to light a fire in your dreams is right inside that Temple. Once you have mastered the dark side, you can pass on what you have learned to your children,” Adani said. 
	Anakin took a step backwards. “What about my kids?”
	“They will be powerful, far more powerful than you or your next supposed master,” Adani smiled. 
	Anakin’s hands clenched into fists. 
	“Yes,” Adani ran a hand through his hair. “I know about Palpatine as well. Believe me, you’ll learn more about dueling here than you ever will from him. He’s an amateur compared to what you can accomplish.”
	“What about my kids?” Anakin repeated in a stronger tone. 
	“Your family will dominate the galaxy for the next century, I have foreseen this,” Adani put a hand on Anakin’s shoulder. “Your daughter will rule the galaxy through politics, your son through the Force. They will build a mighty Republic that will be the envy of those who came before!”
	Anakin nodded slowly. “And myself?”
	Adani now wrapped the arm around Anakin’s back, ushering him toward the temple. “You will cause utmost fear throughout the galaxy. No one will dare to oppose you, Jedi will flee from your power, and your fist will be the law this galaxy needs.”
	Anakin chewed on his lower lip for a moment. 
	“What’s in it for you?” he asked. 
	“Me, my dear boy?” Adani replied. “Me? Isn’t it enough that I want to see you not only reach your potential, but surpass all expectations that anyone has ever held for you?”
	Anakin folded his arms. “Sounds to me like I’m being used.”
	“Way to throw a wet blanket on such a delightful day,” Adani huffed. “What I get out of it is to see the pretenders swept away and the return of the true Force users. With me at your side, and your children following us, the rebirth of how the Force truly should be will be ensured.”
	“Palpatine’s a pretender?” Anakin asked. “Yoda too?”
	“They are charlatan’s masquerading as true Force users. You will un-mask them. Have you thirst for the true nature of the Force? It lies within this hallowed building. My people were there for the birth of the Force. Your destiny is to be its resurrection.”
	Anakin smiled as he climbed the steps of the ancient temple. Long shadows seemed to follow the pair as they trekked deep inside the structure. The sun had long since abandoned them, but Anakin embraced the darkness. 
	“Which way should we go?” Anakin asked. 
	“Let the dark side be your guide in this place,” Adani replied. 
Closing his eyes for a moment, Anakin felt a strange sensation course through him. The Force sang to him in this place, but the tune was far different than anything he had known before. He took a step forward, then another, and finally one more before abruptly changing direction and heading down a set of stairs. 
He did this in utter darkness. 
They walked for what seemed like hours without a hint of light finding them, passing different rooms and antechambers, before he came to a stop. He nearly walked past a room that seemed to be out of the way. Turning his head, he stared into the darkness for a moment. 
	With Adani following, Anakin walked into the small room. This place had one large slab of granite and a low ceiling. Above the slab were three plaques written in an alien language that Anakin had never seen before. 
	“What’s in here?” he asked. 
	“That is another excellent question,” Adani replied. 
	Anakin shrugged at the cryptic answer and approached one of the slabs. The writing on the plaque seemed completely foreign to him, but eerily familiar at the same time. 
	“The obelisk?” he asked. 
	Adani nodded. “The ancient language of the Sith was borrowed and evolved over time from the very words you see before you.”
	“What does it say?” Anakin asked. 
	“The Force will guide you,” Adani folded his arms. 
	“That’s it?” Anakin asked. "I come all this way for that fortune cookie wisdom?"
	“What? No,” Adani replied. “I’m telling you that the Force will guide you. The Force is taught through language. Open yourself to the dark side and all will be revealed.”
	Anakin turned back to the plaque. Closing his eyes for a moment, he slowed his breathing until his mind was completely focused on the Force. For a flash, the light was back in his mind. The warmth of Padme was there, but now it felt invasive and un-wanted. He redoubled his efforts and let the darkness into his heart. When his eyes snapped open, the plaque was clear. 
	“Fear protects our rule.”
	“Anger fuels our power.”
	“Power is the path to immortality.”
	He reached out with his hand and touched the last word. His fingers lingered on the ancient writing. His eyes glanced down for a moment and he noticed there was a flaw in the granite. Crouching low, he saw that it wasn’t a crack, but a seam. This was meant to be opened. 
	He staggered backwards in surprise. “This is a tomb!”
	Adani chuckled. “Don’t be ridiculous, we don’t bury Force users. Everyone becomes one with the Force upon their death. This is a,” he paused for a moment. “Monument to what they left behind.”
	Anakin tried to lift the slab at the opening, but couldn’t get his fingers into the crevice. With a wave of his hand, the slab began to slide open just enough for Anakin to see what was inside. He leaned in and gasped at the object he saw. 
	A helmet, blacker than anything he had ever seen before, lay waiting for him. In fact, a full suit with armored shoulders and arms were there. They cried out to him when he touched the fabric. On the far side of the slab was a small cube and a red crystal. 
	When held in his hand, the cube began shining brightly. A small, holo-graphic, Twi’lek man appeared at the top of the cube. He looked similar in appearance to Tethys Aran. Tall, with twin lekku growing down from his head to his shoulders, this man radiated power. He was masked, hooded, and cloaked, but Anakin felt an immediate connection to him. 
	“Greetings,” it bowed. “You are holding the holocron of Lord Kas’im, teacher of the one called Bane. The dark side is a pathway to incredible power for those who seek it. You must crave power, you must worship power, and you must wield power as expertly as a lightsaber. You will be changed by the knowledge found here, but transformation is a natural part of life. The Jedi deny that transformation and thus, deny themselves the opportunity to grow. Speak, and I will answer your questions.”
	"I want to hear about lightsaber dueling. Techniques, strategies, anything that can improve my skills until I am the greatest duelist of all time and none can stand before me," Anakin replied. 
	"The nature of the Force..." Lord Kas’im began. 
	"…is to move things around," Anakin snapped. "I said I want to learn about dueling."
	"Very well," the hologram bowed again. "Defeating opponents with a lightsaber is..."
	"You'll need a new name to go with this new persona," Adani said over his shoulder. 
	Anakin set the Holocron on the ground and knelt before it. "I have one in mind. One that was given to me on Ambria."

	-----------------------------

	Darth Maul's sleek shuttle screamed into the Tython system. His eyes blazed with a unique sense of madness. Everything he wanted lay within Padme's mind. The decades of abuse, subjugation, and of being lead along like a house-pet were so close to coming to an end. 
	The first ten or so years, Maul had come to think of Palpatine as the father figure he never had. He had felt a nurturing hand, a warm touch, and a tenderness that he hadn't felt while alone on Dathomir as a child. It appeared that Maul had found a home. 
	On Dathomir, use of the Force was strictly forbidden. The one time Maul had lost control for only a fraction of a second, he was banished to the wilderness where Palpatine had found him. Maul had been very careful and did all he could to reject the Force from him like a malignant growth.  
	Everything changed once Palpatine displayed his Force ability. Maul had awoken from a deep sleep. Bleary eyed, he stumbled into his master's chambers to discover a horrific sight. Palpatine was sending bolts of lightning from his hands to an old man. The man shrieked and howled while Palpatine cackled with delight. 
	"I have big plans for Alderaan and you can be a part of them," he said in a voice that dripped with evil. "All you have to do is say yes."
	"I've been working toward a weapons-free Alderaan for years," the man gasped. "I'll never stop fighting for that cause. Clones would take us down a cataclysmic road."
	"Arden Bolet," Palpatine's smile faded. "Right now, in this moment, politics doesn't matter. Logistics doesn't matter. Weapons, causes, none of it matters!" he shrieked. 
	"In this moment, right now, you must think on only one thing, just one tiny, insignificant thing. You will either join me or die," he said. 
	Arden Bolet dropped his head. "Then I die."
	That was the first time Darth Maul had ever seen a man die. When it had ended, Maul had scampered back to his room, but Palpatine followed him. 
	"We'll discuss exactly what you saw in the morning," Palpatine whispered. 
	The following morning, Palpatine had spun an elaborate web of lies involving an electrical failure that seemed so believable that Maul nearly forgot what he had actually seen. One sentence from Maul broke the spell Palpatine was casting. 
	"Do you use the Force often?"
	Their discussion shifted rapidly after that to what Maul knew. Instead of an apologetic story about Bolet's death, Maul was being interrogated about his abilities. Over the next twenty years Palpatine shaped Darth Maul into the beast that he was. Any thought of kindness and compassion were wiped away. Once he had learned he could use Maul as a weapon, that was all he became. 
	He was a handful of moments from Tython's moons and his eyes narrowed. Palpatine's days were nearly over. When he had been removed, Maul would take his place. The Jedi survivors on Korriban would track his ship here so speed was critical. If he moved fast enough, victory would be assured. 
	And the weapon Palpatine wanted would return with destruction in his heart. 

Chapter 14

	Vader lost track of the hours he spent on the dark moon called Bogan. The longer he spent, the more he never wanted to leave. The slab contained physical treasures including a suit with armor on the neck and shoulders, cloak, and the helmet all as dark as the obelisk he stood in front of. The armor proved to be resistant to lightsaber attacks, although not invulnerable. 
	It also fit Vader as though it had been made for him. 
	"Where did this come from?" he asked Adani. 
	"Also an excellent question, but not all of them need answers, do they?" he replied. 
	Vader stared at the helmet in his hands. "No, I suppose not," he answered slowly. 
	Adani clapped his hands together. "Well, let's go get Padme."
	Vader moved his head at the noise, but didn't let his eyes leave the polished helmet. "Huh?"
	"Well, I'm sad to say she isn't going to rescue herself from her awful captor. It's time to saddle up and charge to her rescue!" he sounded joyous at the idea. 
	Vader looked around. "But there are buildings I haven't even entered yet! If I found this armor in the temple, imagine what else is here? There's so much left to learn. How could I possibly leave now?"
	"You can leave now because the time has arrived for you to leave. The power of the dark side is with you, which makes you a marked man from those that fear you most. You must surround yourself with those that are loyal to you and who is more loyal than family?" he asked. 
	Vader whirled on him. "You said yourself that Padme wasn't in any danger! She can wait!"
	"Can your children?" Adani put a hand on Anakin's armored shoulder. 
	Vader’s grip tightened on the helmet. 
	“She’s too close to giving birth to be left in Drevin’s hands. He won’t know how to handle her in labor. Assuming there were a few bumps during her kidnapping, things may get complicated. With the Jedi gone, they will be our tools to rebuild with. We must go to them,” Adani pressed. 
	Vader put the helmet on and stretched in his new suit. “Yes, it is time.”
	While Adani piloted the shuttle to where Padme was being held, Vader ignited his lightsaber in the small cargo bay. The suit was a little bulkier than he would have liked, but he marveled at how well constructed it was. The idea of even leaving the suit was repulsive. This was an identity he could attach himself to, a name he could mold into a personality, and a destiny that he could exploit. 
	But the idea of ushering in a new Sith Empire that Adani wanted seemed out of place. It made Vader un-easy to think of Adani always being around, advising, joking, pushing him into a rebirth of his people. 
	He practiced varying forms of dueling in anticipation for what was coming. Vader was now the ultimate being in the galaxy, there was no doubt in his mind. Adani was right, the Jedi would see him as a threat. Yoda would never understand what he had become. 
	In a corner of the bay, a box cracked. 
	Yoda would preach to him about patience and where his place was. 
	The box splintered. 
	As if someone who wouldn’t even touch the dark side would know what power was.
	The box shuddered. 
	Or where Vader’s place was. His place was in the annals of history, not languishing behind a desk. He would be great, the greatest, the most powerful being the galaxy had ever known and he would rise to the top standing on the corpses of those who would dare to defy him. 
	The box shattered, the pieces hanging in the air. 
	“What’s going on back there?” Adani shouted from the cockpit. 
	Vader turned around, the saber singing through the air. A moisture farm? What was Owen Lars thinking? How could he confine such greatness to such a meager existence?
	The hull of the shuttle creaked. 
	Everywhere Anakin had turned, he had been shut down by someone who “knew better”, but clearly was jealous of his potential. The Jedi wanted to control Anakin, Adani wanted to exploit Anakin, and for all of Anakin’s life there had always been someone trying to shackle his soul. 
	A bulkhead cracked. 
	“Are we under attack from the Jedi?” Adani called out. “Structural integrity is taking a pounding!”
	Anakin was weak.
Anakin was vulnerable.
Anakin had to be completely erased. 
Vader lurched forward as the shuttle plummeted toward the moon’s surface. He stumbled toward the stairs that led up into the cockpit. 
“I have to take us down!” Adani shouted. “Something nearly ripped the starboard side of the shuttle off!”
Vader put a hand on his shoulder. “That was me. I suppose I let my anger get the better of me.”
“Anger is good,” Adani slowed their descent. “Anger is natural, but let’s not let anger rip our ship apart.”
Vader nodded slowly. “Where are we?”
Adani raised an eyebrow. “You don’t know?”
“If I knew, I wouldn’t have to ask,” Vader snapped. 
Adani smiled as their shuttle drifted toward a canyon. He set them down in a wide, barren part of the floor where three people were waiting for them. Padme was there, tied to a tree. A small Rodian was there as well, his antennae twitching nervously. The third person wore a dark cloak and hood that covered his face as he hunched over Padme. 
Anakin raced out of the shuttle before it had finished powering down, lightsaber raised, anger coursing through him. He came to a full stop and nearly dropped the lightsaber when the hooded man stood upright. 
There was no mistaking the face of Colonel Adani. 


It was Anakin, yet it wasn’t him. The human that came charging toward her out of the shuttle reminded her very much of when Anakin had charged to her rescue on Ord Mantell. However, this man was different than the Anakin she knew. 
He was dressed in black from head to foot, including a dark black helmet covering his hair. A long black cape billowed behind him as he raced toward her on black, heavy boots. From what she could see of his face, his eyes blazed not with warmth, but with fire. 
It was Anakin, but she feared him. 
Padme didn’t know how long she had been away from Anakin. It could have been weeks for all she knew. The pains in her womb grew every day, but that was the only way for her to even try to mark the passage of time. Once Jedi Master Rahm Kota had taken Padme from her apartment, she had been moved from location to location, often while unconscious. Her mind had been subjected to constant probing, but nothing like she had felt when she had arrived here. 
The Rodian had continually spoken to her as if he had known her, but Padme couldn’t recall being this close to one before. She had known more than a few in passing, but he had details of her life that only a handful of people could possibly have known. 
When the white-faced man had appeared, her mind was subjected to terrors she never thought were possible. The Force surged through her body, searching for some lost scrap of information she never knew existed. She had passed out over and over, force-fed to keep her and her un-born children healthy, but the mystery of what they wanted remained. 
“How can this be?” Anakin asked. 
The white-faced man bowed. “Lord Vader, I think it’s time we had a talk.”
Padme looked down at the Rodian, fully expecting that to be her captor’s name. Instead, everyone looked at Anakin. 
Padme screamed in horror when the same white-faced man appeared behind him, almost out of thin air. Everyone jumped at the sudden sound and Anakin’s eyes widened at her look of horror. 
“What did you do, Adani?” his voice growled. 
“Let me explain,” Adani put his hands up. “We’re not quite what you think we are.”
“’we?’” several voices said all at once. 
“I need that information,” the Rodian hissed. “Where is Tethys Aran?”
The second Adani shrugged his shoulders. “I’m afraid your concerns take a backseat, Drevin. Anakin and Padme are far more important.”
Drevin, the Rodian, stamped his feet. “Nothing is more important than his life!”
“You can’t be Drevin Setts!” Padme exclaimed. “Drevin was a large human, not a small Rodian.”
“Yes, large enough for someone like me to fit inside and operate bio-mechanically,” Drevin smiled. “I met a fascinating man on the outer moon of Sullust who can do simply amazing things in his shop. The man is a true wonder in the galaxy and built my suit practically for free, provided I let him live.”
Drevin turned back to Adani and pulled out a small vibroblade. “Now, about Tethys?”
“A moment, just give me a moment!” Adani pleaded. 
“You remind me of a woman I knew on Corellia who begged for time to spin a fascinating story,” Drevin began, coldly. “I slit her throat.”
With a flick of Adani’s hand, Drevin flew across the canyon, crashing into a rock wall. 
“Now,” Adani clapped his hands together. “Where were we?”
The first man stood beside the other, just across from Padme and Anakin. They were absolutely identical in appearance, save for their clothing. 
“What the hell is going on?” Anakin’s hands shook, as did the ground around him. The very air seemed to vibrate with his anger. 
“My brother and I sought to knock out two mynocks with one stone. We had to get you to Bogan so we hedged our bets. In the event that you didn’t want to come here for the knowledge, we knew you would follow Padme,” one of them said. 
The other nodded vigorously. “She’s quite safe. Scared, to be sure, but quite un-harmed.”
Why wasn’t he rushing to her? Anakin should have sliced through her bonds by now and carried her away from all this madness. 
Anakin ignited his lightsaber. “This is insane. You threaten my family? My un-born children?”
“Calm yourself,” one of the Adani’s soothed. “Your hate of us makes you powerful, but there is much to learn about controlli…”
Anakin’s lightsaber shot through his chest. 
“How’s that for control?” he asked. 
Padme’s eyes widened in horror. 
He pointed his lightsaber at the twin. “There are only two reasons you’re still alive. First, because I must know where Tethys is. Second, because I still have business on Coruscant that you can assist with.”
Adani’s hands clenched into fists. His white eyes swirled now as pure blackness invaded them until they raged with fury. 
“You expect me to help you as my brother is slain?” he asked. 
“Yes,” Anakin replied simply. “Because the dark side has taught me well. You can have all the brothers you want with your Sith Empire is reborn until my rule of the galaxy.”
He moved the lightsaber closer to the man’s throat. 
Adani’s face broke into a grin. “Very well.”
Padme’s face showed the shattered emotion she felt. Anakin would rule the galaxy? What had happened during the time she was away? 
“Very well,” Adani repeated. “Then I suppose you’ll have to die. There will always be another Chosen One to exploit,” he laughed. 
The laughter grew louder and more exaggerated. Anakin’s face was screwed up in confusion, but he inched his way closer. The laughs grew into shrieks, but it wasn’t the only thing that grew. 
Adani began to grow large, incredibly large. His clothing ripped in the span of a few heartbeats as he swelled to over six times his normal size. His skin turned a sallow gray, his mouth now filled with several rows of razor sharp teeth, and his hands turned into gnarled claws. Inside each huge hand was another mouth with teeth chomping in anticipation. Great horns protruded from the head. A giant beast now towered over them, hideous and foul. 
“Run back to Cerea!” he bellowed. “Palpatine’s Bane lies there!”
Anakin raised his lightsaber. “Somehow, I don’t think you’re going to just let me go.”
The creature bellowed, shaking the walls of the canyon. “Fool! You believe everything is about you!”
Padme raised her eyes to the top of the canyon to see a red-skinned man wearing black leather grinning down at them. He hesitated a moment as though wondering if he should watch what was about to unfold, but instead sprinted away from the edge. 
Darth Maul now knew where Tethys was. 
	“Then it begins,” Anakin said before he charged. 
	Padme couldn’t believe that Anakin would leave her tied to a tree, or that he would even think of taking on such an enormous creature by himself. He sprinted under the creature’s legs, slashing with his saber. The weapon clanked off the beast’s skin. It bellowed in pain, but there was no visible wound. 
	It whirled around, swiping at Anakin with its hands, but he nimbly danced out of the way. Anakin swung again and again, but each time the lightsaber struck home, it left no mark. 
	“Lightsabers can be useless at times! How will you fight now, little man?” Adani roared. 
	Anakin continued to move the creature down the canyon, away from Padme. Once, he swung his saber, but the creature lifted its massive hand at the last minute. Anakin’s swing found air, but the hand slapped him twenty meters down the canyon. 
	Anakin stood up quickly and thrust his hand out, using the Force to shower the creature’s face with rocks and dirt from the canyon floor. It stumbled backwards, swinging wildly, all three of its mouths shrieked in pain. 
	When the dust settled, Anakin was gone. 
	“You cannot hide from me, Chosen One!” Adani shouted. “I have the bait to lure you out from where you hide!”
	In large strides, Adani lumbered back to Padme’s tree. One arm reached for her, the jaw in the palm opening wide. Padme screamed as a long tongue cracked the air around her like a whip. 
	“Adani, you were right about one thing!” Anakin shouted. 
	She and the creature looked up high to see her husband standing on a ledge near the top of the canyon. “There are other weapons besides lightsabers!”
	Anakin held out his hands and the canyon began to shake. It wasn’t just the walls or the rocks, the entire canyon trembled for kilometers in any direction. Adani retracted the tongue from Padme before he shrieked in fear and ran toward Anakin. He slammed his hands into the canyon walls, trying to climb up to him. In a rush, thousands of rocks, boulders, trees, any and all debris Anakin could muster sent the beast crumbling to the ground. 
	In three leaps, Anakin was back on the ground, the cape billowing behind him again. In the span of a few minutes, Anakin had murdered one brother with no warning and then killed the other in a battle. While Padme wasn’t fond of either of them, she still couldn’t believe how brutal it all was. 
	With one swipe of his saber, Padme was free. 
	“How are the babies?” he asked. 
	“I’ve been in captivity for who knows how long, tied to a tree, my mind raped by Jedi and by…whatever he was,” Padme gestured to the pile of debris. “And watched my husband murder two people, one of them in cold blood. I’m just peachy, thank you.”
	Anakin was on her in a flash, his nose centimeters away from hers. “Dammit Padme, how are my children?”
	The fire in his eyes blazed as sweat dripped out of his helmet. His grip on her arms was unyielding. Padme felt like a prisoner all over again. 
	“Th…they’re fine,” she stammered. “I just need to eat something.”
	He stood up, towering over her. His presence was larger and more intimidating than ever before. “Go to Adani’s transport,” he said. “Go back to Coruscant and wait for me there. Once I get to Cerea, this will all be over.”
	He hesitated. For the briefest of moments, his eyes lingered on the wedding bracelet he had given her. The metal glinted in the setting sun. He reached for it, but the pile of rocks shifted, causing Padme to jump. 
	"You cannot do this!" Adani's voice was muffled through the rocky pile.
	"It is done," Anakin's voice was final. 
	"No!" Adani howled. "I have waited too long for this! My people have waited too long! Together, we were going to rebuild everything and usher in a new age for the galaxy. Please, Lord Vader, don't throw our dreams away like this."
	Padme's eyes widened. "Rebuild?" 
	Anakin stared past her for a moment. “Adani won’t cause you any trouble. Take him with you. Don’t trust anyone at all; not Obi-Wan, not Yoda, not the Organa’s. They’re the ones who set this up. They will do anything to advance their agenda, including kidnapping you and trying to use my children against me.”
	Several large rocks levitated away from the pile and Adani crawled through the opening he made. He threw himself down in a heap, gasping for air. Anakin and Padme walked over to him. 
	"Please..." his voice was weak. 
	"I said it is done. You have provided me with powers you cannot compete with and I have ascended beyond your pathetic vision. I'll allow you to live because you serve me. Cease to serve and you cease to live," Anakin's voice made Padme shiver. 
	"You can't...I mean..." Adani gasped as he crawled toward them. Padme's heart skipped a beat when she saw the fight fade from his eyes. He was beaten and he knew it. 
	“Once you get back to Coruscant, assume command of my troops as if nothing had happened. We will need to work together to accomplish my mission,” Anakin commanded. 
	“Could you be more vague?” Adani asked. 
	Anakin kicked him viciously in the ribs. Adani groaned loudly and rolled to one side. 
	“As you command, Lord Vader,” he gasped. 
	He spun on his heel and walked away, not noticing that Padme hadn’t budged, or that her eyes were the size of space stations. What had happened to him?
	The last sight she had of her husband was him picking up the unconscious Drevin Setts by the back of his vest and dragging him down the canyon. 
	“Goodbye,” she whispered to Lord Vader. 

Chapter 15

	“You wished to see me?” Tarkin instinctively bowed before the Supreme Chancellor. The sun was setting outside his glorious office window. Something in the back of Tarkin’s mind whispered that it would be a fitting metaphor for what was about to commence. 
	“Everything is un-raveling,” Palpatine wrung his hands together. “Darth Maul defeated the Jedi you sent to Korriban, traveled to Bogan, and now is on his way to an unknown world to expose me in front of the masses.”
	“Can we track him?” Tarkin asked. 
	“Impossible!” Palpatine threw his hands into the air. “Not a ship in the fleet could find it once he flies in the dark.”
	Tarkin took a deep breath; hesitating for just a moment. That one single moment would determine his life, his standing, and his legacy for all time. History would later record that this was the time the Galactic Empire was born. For now, this was the culmination of a lifetime of work. He stood and placed a datapad on the Supreme Chancellor’s desk. 
	“What is this?” Palpatine sighed. 
	"A list of like-minded individuals I've been building to help you reshape the galaxy. Tarkin sat back in his chair and waited. A single bead of sweat rolled down his forehead, despite the cool air of the office blowing down on him. 
	As Palpatine read, his smile grew. Finally, he put the datapad down. 
	“We must move quickly,” he said. 
	“I have the personnel in place, eagerly waiting for the Grand Moff to execute the orders of our beloved leader,” Tarkin nodded. 


	As exhausted as she was, Padme would not allow the beauty of sleep to take her. She kept her eyes locked on the brother of the man who was responsible for her kidnapping. The computer whined in protest at the strain he put on the engines, but Adani did not let up. The transport screamed through space as though Death itself was chasing them. 
	“What did you do to Anakin?” she asked. 
	“That is an excellent question, but not an important one,” he replied. 
	Padme winced as one of the twins kicked. “How is that un-important?”
	“You have to be kept safe,” Adani ignored her question. “You matter far more than Vader does.”
	“Why are you calling him that?” she asked. 
	“Another excellent question, but also not important,” he checked his instruments. “We will be coming out of hyperspace soon, brace yourself.”
	As Padme strapped on her restraining harness, her mind whirled with questions. “Even at this speed, we can’t possibly be at Coruscant already.”
	“I said you had to be kept safe. Why would I bring you to the most dangerous planet in the galaxy?” he asked.
	She shook her head. “There are over three thousand Jedi in and around Coruscant. Not to mention my office, my security, and Republic troops. Darth Maul can’t possibly get to me there.”
	“Maul is a pawn. He thinks himself to be a king, yet doesn’t realize he would be handed a paper crown,” Adani pressed several buttons and the ship changed trajectory. 
	“Then who would endanger my life?” she asked. 
	Adani took a moment to throw her a skeptical look. 
	“You can’t mean…” she began. 
	“He isn’t your loving husband any longer. I—I’m sorry,” he looked genuinely apologetic, as though she was in mourning. “Anakin died on that moon. Now, he might be the greatest threat we face. I only meant to use him to bring back my people’s way of life, I never thought he’d grow so powerful and so terrible.”
	“You couldn’t be more wrong,” Padme whispered.
	“He has embraced the dark side, you’ve seen it yourself,” Adani said. 
	Padme clenched her hands into tight fists. 
	“After he takes care of Tethys Aran, he’ll go after Palpatine himself. After that, the Jedi. He’s too powerful now to be stopped unless they take him en masse, but he’s too clever for that,” Adani spoke as though he saw it all happening before his eyes. 
	“Stop it,” Padme said harshly. 
	“And then he’ll come for you. But it won’t be you he cares about, oh no. He’ll want those little ones inside you. Family and legacy mean more to him than practically anything else,” he pressed.
	“You don’t know him!” Padme shouted.
	Adani allowed himself a small chuckle. “I know him better than you do, now.”
	The ship came out of hyperspace and an all-too familiar planet filled the view-screen. 
	“Alderaan?” Padme whispered. 
	“You’ll be safe with the Organa’s, at least for a while. When in doubt, head for home and surround yourself with those that love you. Nothing is more precious or more treasured than love,” Adani said in an almost remorseful tone. 
	“Hang on, Senator,” he grasped the controls. “It’s going to be rough, but I’m going to land you right on Bail’s back door.”
	Padme covered her swollen belly with both hands, said a silent prayer, and fought back the tears.

	-----------------------------------

	“What do you mean ‘he’s not here’?” Adani asked. 
	It might have been the exhaustion coupled with her late stage of pregnancy, but Padme felt as though she could barely stand. 
	“I’m sorry, Colonel,” the golden protocol droid quipped. “But he’s off-planet on business. Now, please remove your vehicle before the authorities are called. This is, after all, private property.”
	“Droids…” he muttered before abruptly shoving it aside. It crashed to the floor in a heap, yelling wildly as it fell. 
	“See?” Adani stepped over it. “A humanoid wouldn’t be so easy to get past.”
	Adani took three more steps into the Organa house before four men appeared. Two of them were above on another level and two appeared out of a room to the side. All four of them were un-armed, but were physically intimidating. 
	“Nice to see the Viceroy is no hypocrite about his stance on weapons,” Adani muttered. “Where is Breha?” he called to them. 
	“Colonel Adani, you are under arrest for trespassing, vehicular trespassing, droid property damage, and whatever else we can think of,” the tallest of them said as they approached. 
	“Fine, but where is Breha?” he snapped. 
	“Maybe she’ll visit you in your holding cell, assuming the Magistrate is in a good mood,” he grunted and reached for his magnetic cuffs. 
	Colonel Adani removed his gloves, but in one swift move, he slammed his open palms into each man’s chest. The two men fell backward in a lifeless manner, not even bothering to brace themselves, and never rose. 
	The other two security men reached for communicators to call in reinforcements. 
	“Padme!” a shrill voice cried out. 
	Breha Organa, the Mother of Alderaan, ran out of a nearby room so fast she almost skidded to a stop in front of her. She cupped Padme’s face in both hands, a look of hear upon her own face. She was much slimmer than the last time Padme had seen her and wore a tighter dress than before. 
	"You...your...child?" Padme gasped. 
	“You two, call for my personal doctor immediately. Have some water brought down for Padme that is cool, but not cold, and prep the bedroom. This poor girl is about to become a mother. Also, tell my husband exactly this: ‘Polis is nesting’,” she ordered. “It must be exactly that.”
	She helped Padme into a side room and gingerly laid her down on a couch. “You knew, didn’t you?” she asked Adani. 
	“Yes, I knew she was close,” he replied. “And that she would be safe here.”
	"Did you..." Padme breathed. 
	“You were wise to do so. Thankfully, I’ve gained some experience in this matter rather recently,” Breha touched Padme’s face with care. 
	Padme reached up and grabbed her hand with un-expected strength. "Did you have a daughter?" her voice was hoarse, but determined. 
	Breha cupped her hand in hers. "Yes, Elizarem is perfectly healthy. I have...I have a daughter," her voice was breaking. 
	Padme collapsed and whimpered sadly. “Anakin…”
	Breha elevated her feet and cleared a few of the couch’s cushions away to give Padme more space. Padme’s mind whirled with the fury of a thousand emotions. In the span of half a day, she had lost the love of her life, been rescued by her kidnapper, and was now going into labor. 
	Her mind lingered on Anakin. His touch, his smile, his wry sense of humor, everything she loved about him that was no longer there. Years of love and compassion had been wiped away. When she was taken to Bogan, Padme firmly believed Anakin would come for her. There wasn’t a doubt in her mind that he would move planets to be with her once more. His love was a certainty in her life. 
	Was…
	“Before I take my leave of you,” Colonel Adani knelt beside her. “I must apologize most sincerely to you.”
	“For what?” Padme asked. 
	“For not doing this sooner,” Adani place one hand across her forehead. 
	In a handful of moments, Padme’s mind was flooded with every lost memory that Anakin had denied her ever since the Battle of Rishi. In all that time, Padme realized what he had robbed her of. 
	“Khian…” Padme began to sob uncontrollably as the truth utterly overwhelmed her. 
	She couldn’t blink through the tears to see that Adani was also weeping as he walked out of the room. 


	The next fourteen hours were the longest of Padme’s life. 
	Medications were administered by Breha Organa’s personal physician to help ease the pain, but nothing could soothe her heart from the anguish it was going through. Bail and Obi-Wan Kenobi arrived, but appeared only to offer their sympathies before they dived into heavy discussion. 
	“They have to be split, there’s no other way!”
	“For the Force’s sake, we can’t destroy this family!”
	“Our Republic is being destroyed; they might be the last hope we have!”
	“Palpatine can never know about this. He’ll perceive the children as a direct threat to him if Anakin raises them on his own!”
	“Anakin can never know about this! That’s why they have to be split up before he can get his hands on both of them!”
	Padme broke down into fresh sobs. 
	“Vader,” she whimpered.
	“What was that?” Obi-Wan asked. 
	“H-his name,” Padme gasped. “Is Vader.”
	Obi-Wan looked questioningly at Bail, who only shrugged. 
	“Who are you talking about?” Obi-Wan asked. 
	“Anakin is dead!” Padme shrieked, sitting up from her prone position with tears streaming down her face. “His name is Vader!”
	She collapsed back onto the couch shortly before another contraction hit her. 
	Breha stood up and quietly shooed them both out of the room. Obi-Wan’s face had turned the color of ash as he cast one last glance over at Padme before the doors shut on him. 
	“Padme,” Breha took her hand in both of hers. “We’re nearly there. You need to be strong and you’ll get through this with two beautiful babies in your arms. That’s your future now.”
	Her words caused a sobbing Padme to look directly into her eyes. The eyes of a mother she never knew, of someone who would never go through child birth, of someone who Padme had admired for decades, the eyes that were resolute and held great strength.
	Padme gulped, took a deep breath, and pushed. 

 
	“You know what we have to do,” Bail said as he sat on a chair. 
	Obi-Wan paced in front of the door. 
	“You know what you have to do,” Bail emphasized. 
	Obi-Wan tugged on his beard as he paced. 
	“We’ve tried the Senate, the courts, the media, and all of our efforts have failed,” Bail pressed. “The time for subtlety is over.”
	“You’re talking about assassination; about murder of my student and Palpatine all at once,” Obi-Wan sat down on a chair. 
	Bail rose and started pacing. 
	“It isn’t the Jedi way,” Obi-Wan said. “We can’t just walk up to Palpatine and stab him.”
	Bail kept pacing. 
	“There simply has to be another way. Something we haven’t thought of yet,” Obi-Wan pressed. 
	Bail shook his head. 
	An aide ran to them from the main hall. “Viceroy!” he gasped. “The Chancellor is making a major address in front of the Galactic Senate!”
	“Without you present?” Obi-Wan raised an eyebrow. 
	“This was not done by accident,” Bail thought out loud. “Palpatine chose this specific time for an impromptu visit.”
	The three men walked swiftly into the main hall, where a holo-imager displayed the speech. 
	“This is a time of great peril,” Palpatine’s voice was hard and confident. “The Republic has endured too much, the people of the Republic have been asked to endure too much. Shortages have led to food lines, the lines have led to riots, and the riots have led to disturbances across the galaxy.”
	“Here it comes,” Bail muttered. 
	“The bureaucracy that the Jedi insist on following has failed the people!” Palpatine announced over thunderous applause. 
	“They preach patience while our citizens starve! They preach trust while they build weapon facilities on secret planets such as Illum! They preach tolerance while aliens infiltrate the highest levels of their precious Order!” the applause grew with each statement. 
	“I say ‘no more’!” Palpatine’s fist banged on the podium. “Their war led us here, but I will lead us out!” 
	The members of the Senate rose and cheered. 
	“By Executive Order, I am creating a Moff Council that will oversee the operations of our government. They will cut through the red tape, they will slash through the bureaucracy, and they will reshape the very foundations of our society!” Palpatine’s fist shook in the air. 
	The Senate’s cheers grew louder so that Palpatine could barely be heard. 
	“And who better to lead them than Wilhuff Tarkin, hero of the Battle of Rishi!” Palpatine shouted and the Senate went wild with screams of joy. Senators hugged each other in glee; others raised their fists and roared with passion. 
	“The people will take back their government!” Palpatine thundered. “The people will ta…”
	A lone figure rushed the podium, knocking Palpatine to the ground. Stunned, the people looked on as the bearded man shook off his hood, ignited a blue lightsaber, and raised it over the Chancellor’s head. 
	“By the Force…” Obi-Wan gasped. 
	Light years away, Obi-Wan Kenobi swung the lightsaber down at Palpatine’s chest, only to be struck by multiple blaster bolts before he could find his mark. 
	The lifeless form flew to the ground, never to move again. 
	Screams erupted as blue uniformed guards rushed to the podium. They forcefully carried Palpatine out of the Senate Chamber as chaos engulfed the room for trillions of citizens to see. 
	Bail turned off the holo-imager as Obi-Wan collapsed on the floor. 
	“A clone,” Bail mumbled. “He kept a clone.”
	“No one will believe that,” Obi-Wan replied. “The entire galaxy will think I tried to kill him.”
	“We’ll get blood samples,” Bail said defiantly. “We can prove it was a rogue clone that acted alone.”
	“Do you really believe Palpatine will let us get close to the body? The corpse will probably be disintegrated before the hour is over,” Obi-Wan put his face in his hands. 
	“And the people will turn against the Order,” Bail said. 
	“It’s funny,” Obi-Wan said. “I always thought he would use the military, but why bother with that when every single planet will have people burning Jedi in effigy?”
	“There’s only one thing left to do now,” Bail offered a hand to Obi-Wan. 
	“And we do have the one piece of bait; our true ace in the hole. Perhaps it might be enough to keep us ahead of the game,” Obi-Wan said. 
	Bail cocked his head to one side. 
	“Padme?” he guessed. 
	“Padme,” Obi-Wan affirmed. 
	“Vader knows for sure that Palpatine was behind all of this. Once he’s done with Tethys, he’ll come for Padme and his children. We capture him, and we have Palpatine,” Obi-Wan said. 
	“You mean to face him alone? Here?” Bail asked. 
	“Anakin was the greatest duelist I’ve ever seen. There’s nothing in the galaxy that will make me face him alone. There are other Jedi in the nearby systems I can call upon. By the time he arrives, I’ll have dozens here waiting for him. From here, with your help, we can take back Coruscant, end Palpatine’s rule, and re-establish the Republic to a point before this nightmare ever started,” Obi-Wan replied. 
	“Take back Coruscant?” Bail quoted. 
	Obi-Wan nodded gravely. “It won’t be long now.”


	Master Yoda looked out over the growing crowd. Their anger was reaching dangerous levels to the point where even the newest youngling could feel it through the Force. 
	The Jedi Temple was nearly surrounded by tens of thousands of angry people. People who, just a few hours before, they had protected from threats against them. Now, they perceived the Jedi as the greatest threat imaginable. 
	Yoda didn’t allow himself his usual smile when a friend approached him. 
	“A thousand generations of goodwill, of peacekeeping, of keeping the domestic tranquility, washed away in a handful of moments,” Mace Windu leaned against the window. 
	Yoda did not reply. 
	“What are your orders?” Mace asked. 
	“Evacuate we must,” Yoda replied. “Leave Coruscant.”
	Mace stood up straight. “Leave? We have security in place for such an event. We can close up the gates, seal ourselves in, and wait this out. A diplomatic solution could present itself.”
	“Seal ourselves in, an easy target we become,” Yoda shook his head. “Scatter we must. Place Masters in charge of groups, to re-assemble later, when the threat is over.”
	“When will that be?” Mace asked. 
	An object struck the wall near the window, causing him to flinch. 
	“Scatter, we must, but use this, we can,” Yoda ignored his question. “Do good throughout the galaxy, raise awareness of the falsehoods that surround us, restore the faith of the people, we must.”
	“We can break up the groups into smaller teams,” Mace rubbed his chin. “Into say, groups of fours and fives?”
	Yoda nodded. “Many worlds we can visit, many minds can be swayed. Too long have we focused on galactic matters. To the people, we must go to. Too many have never even seen a Jedi.”
	“And when do we return?” Mace pressed. 
	“When we end the evil upon us,” Yoda replied. “Stay behind, we will, to end Palpatine.”
	“Then scattering is pointless,” Mace’s hand clenched into a fist. “Let’s take fifty Jedi right now and end this once and for all!”
	“Confirm their suspicions, we will,” Yoda sighed. “Violence will be the mother of our end.”
	Mace slammed his hand against the wall. “We can’t just sit here.”
	Yoda put a hand on the Jedi Master’s knee. “Over, this is not.”

Chapter 16

	Vader had never before felt such power. Thoughts about meditation, preaching pointless platitudes, or seeking knowledge for knowledge’s sake were laughable. The Force was power, pure, un-filtered power that coursed through him like a river. 
	He flexed his gloved hand and Drevin flinched. 
	Vader had almost forgotten that the little Rodian was even there. He was part of the Force, but he was so insignificant that he allowed himself a chuckle. 
	“You fear me,” he said as more of a statement than a question. 
	“I fear what you’ve become,” Drevin replied. 
	“No small talk? No tales of how I remind you of someone on some distant world?” Vader asked. 
	“I have been on nearly every inhabited world in the Republic. Seen thousands of cultures, rituals, beasts, villains, heroes, great kings, and lowly peasants,” Drevin said. “I’ve never seen anything like you before.”
	Vader smiled. 
	“You’re a monster who should be put down.”
	The smile faded. 
	He held his hand out away from his body and the little green man began making a gurgling sound. His hands instinctively rose to his throat to fight off the invisible hand. His face began to turn an odd combination of blue and green before Vader released his grip. 
	“Your boss made billions of credits by selling weapons in this war. He knew Palpatine was orchestrating it all from behind the office of the Supreme Chancellor. What kind of monster is he?” Vader asked. 
	“The kind that doesn’t…mentally rape his wife, kill in…cold blood, and seek to…dominate a galaxy,” Drevin said between breaths. 
	“If you weren’t valuable to me, I’d kill you just for fun,” Vader said coldly before dropping him. 
	“So says the monster,” Drevin spat. 
	“I am a perfect Force user. You’re right, little man, I am nothing this galaxy has ever seen before. I am a master of light and dark but without succumbing to either. I might even come up with a new term to describe myself,” Vader chuckled. 
	“I’d still go with ‘monster’,” Drevin said. 
	Vader’s hand reached for his lightsaber, but he hesitated. The dark side screamed for this man’s death.
	“Fulfill your purpose and I’ll make your death quick,” Vader muttered. 
	“What purpose might that be?” Drevin asked. 
	“You have intimate knowledge of Tethys’s hiding place on Cerea. An arms dealer would surely have security measures in place to keep out certain…visitors. I need to know what awaits me,” Vader said. 
	Drevin laughed long and hard. 
	“You will tell me,” Vader’s eyes narrowed. 
	“As if I knew!” Drevin laughed again. “I didn’t even know he was on Cerea! What makes you believe I would know anything about his security?”
	Vader’s eyes widened. “You…you know nothing?”
	Drevin pounded on the console and laughed again. “You fool! Monsters are blind to everything around them. I had been hunting Tethys ever since I learned he was on the run. Did you honestly believe I ran around the galaxy for fun?”
	“But…but I thought…” Vade’s words caught in his throat. 
	“You are, without a doubt, the worst ‘perfect being’ I have ever known,” Drevin wiped a tear away. 
	With a flick of Vader’s hand, Drevin flew to the back of the shuttle. He hit it so hard that there was a sizeable dent in the frame that was smeared with blood. 
	The Rodian tried to rise, but fell. Even still, he managed to choke out a laugh. 
	“You…are nothing…” he wheezed before spitting blood onto the deck. 
	Vader got out of his chair and leapt onto the landing bay’s deck. He crossed the floor in great strides to kneel beside Drevin. 
	“I am everything,” he replied. “You are nothing more than a stain on the galaxy.”
	“A pity,” Drevin gasped. “Blood is so hard to get out.”
	Vader rose to his full height before stomping on Drevin’s skull with so much strength the floor cratered. 
	“Blood soothes me.”


	Palpatine nearly danced in his office. He peered out of the vast window, beyond the trickle of traffic, in the direction of the Jedi Temple. Reports had been flooding his office all day that Jedi paraphernalia was being destroyed in small town squares and great city centers on thousands of worlds. The Clone Wars were practically old news. Outer Rim or Core World, upper class elite or poverty stricken nobody, everyone united behind this seething hatred. 
	He allowed himself a moment to dip into the dark side and stoke that hatred just a little more. 
	His grin widened when he saw a mass of shuttles rise from the Jedi Temple before heading for space. As expected, the Jedi chose to flee like cowards instead of facing the assembled masses. It was a pity; he would have loved to see the mob rip them apart. 
	“Chancellor,” his receptionist chimed in on the intercom. “Over one hundred shuttles are departing from the Jedi Temple. Republic Fleet Command insists they did not log a flight plan.”
	Palpatine didn’t even turn to the holo-image on his desk. “I’m not concerned. The people have won a grand victory today.”
	Only Tethys Aran remained as the lone pebble in his shoe and only Darth Maul knew where he was. 
	The holo-image shimmered to life again, but Palpatine already knew that it wasn’t his receptionist disturbing his moment of triumph. 
	“Anakin!” he said in his usual jovial tone, but the name caused the young man to shudder. “My boy, you look awful, is something amiss?”
	This wasn’t Anakin. This was someone who had been touched by the dark side; someone who had embraced the essence of evil itself. Even through a hologram, he could feel the darkness enveloping this young man. 
	There was a new player on the board. 
	“I think we’re past the time for pleasantries,” Vader replied. “I know what the Jedi know.”
	Palpatine’s entire demeanor changed in the blink of an eye. Gone was the kindly father figure, gone was the noble politician championing a cause, gone was the friend and confidant. 
	“What do you want?” he snapped in a different voice. 
	“Your apprentice is only a few steps ahead of me, but I’m closing in on him,” Vader replied. 
	Palpatine’s face turned ashen gray. “That animal is no longer my apprentice. He betrayed me and has gone rogue. You have called to tell me that you’re going to kill him and spare me the trouble?”
	Vader shook his head. “I called to make a deal.”
	Palpatine’s face grew hard. “A deal?” he asked through gritted teeth. 
	“What is it worth to you that Tethys dies at my hands rather than confess to Darth Maul all of your precious secrets?” Vader folded his arms. 
	Palpatine’s hand slammed onto the table. “I could crush you in an instant for threatening to blackmail me!”
	Vader waved a finger at him. “But then who would stop Maul from exposing you?”
	His eyes narrowed. “What do you want? Your own fleet? Sith leadership? To rule the galaxy with me?”
	Vader’s face contorted into a smirk. “Nothing so grand. There’s no love lost if you slaughter the Jedi in droves. However, if they’re out of the way, there’s nothing to stop you from coming after me afterwards. Even with my un-fathomable power, I can’t stop the millions of troops you command from obliterating me.”
	“All of this is true,” Palpatine nodded. “Except you left out how the Jedi tried to kill me already in full view of the public. Your friend, Obi-Wan Kenobi had had enough of me and attacked me in the Senate chambers.”
	Vader waved a hand. “He doesn’t concern me.”
	“What does concern you?” Palpatine asked. 
	“I want immunity, nothing more.”
	Palpatine nearly gawked at the foot high image. “You would walk away from ruling the galaxy?”
	“In a heartbeat.”
	He cocked his head to one side. “What could be more important?”
	“To raise my family in peace. To teach them the ways of the Force as I’ve learned. To have a family of Force users that will never fear anyone. That is more sacred to me than anything else you might offer,” Vader replied. 
	“You…you mean to raise the children to become powerful Force users?” Palpatine asked. 
	“I will pass my power and knowledge on to them. Together, no one will ever threaten us,” Vader replied. 
	“And what’s to say you won’t bring your children to challenge me in the future?” he asked. 
	“All I want is to be left alone. Strike this bargain and you’ll never hear the name ‘Skywalker’ ever again,” he replied. 
	He stroked his chin in thought for a moment. Anakin was wise, but still not close to operating on his level. Deals were easily made. Deals were easily broken. 
	“Then you have my blessing,” he forced a smile to his face. “If you kill Darth Maul and Tethys Aran without knowledge of who I am being spread to the galaxy, then I swear on my life your family will live in peace from me.”
	Vader nodded. “And whom am I addressing now? I know you are not Palpatine just as you know I am not Anakin.”
	“My master bequeathed the name ‘Darth Sidious’ to me upon completion of my training. And yours?” he bowed slightly. 
	“I was given the name ‘Vader’ while on Ambria nearly one year ago,” he replied before switching off the transmitter. 
	Darth Sidious sat back in his chair. With the Jedi gone, he was now free to express his Force abilities more than ever before. He needed to exert his influence over the Senate directly and spread his darkness as far and as fast as possible. The Jedi would eventually return, but not before Sidious could solidify his hold on every facet of the government. 
	But now there was a new threat. 
	If Anak…Vader, he corrected himself. If Vader were to raise the children through the ways of the Force, they would challenge him. You don’t go through a lifetime of politics to believe someone at their word. Even further, you never believe a Sith at anything…ever. The only way to be secure was through power. Vader might not seek the mantle of leadership today, but there’s no guarantee that won’t change. 
Children can be ambitious, particularly when given extraordinary power. 
Palpatine called up his receptionist’s image again. “Get me Bail Organa immediately.”
“I’m sorry, sir,” she replied. “He has not returned from Alderaan.”
	He ended the conversation without another word. Turning to face the window again, Palpatine folded his hands and stared out at the mass of shuttles rising into the distance. 
	Once his hold was solidified and the Jedi had retreated, he could leave Coruscant for the first time as his true self. He would pay a visit to his dear friend Bail Organa on Alderaan. 
	He hadn’t killed anyone directly in quite some time. 
He was also sure he’d get the hang of it again.  
	

	When Padme woke up, she was alone. 
	In her room and in her heart, she was alone. 
	Padme tried to get out of bed, but the most she could muster was to open her eyes. Each of her limbs seemed to weigh five times what they had before. It wasn’t so much that she couldn’t move her arms, but that she couldn’t summon the energy to even try. 
	There was nothing to move for. No one to move for. 
	An hour crept by, but Padme didn’t move. Utter exhaustion had taken her mind, body, and soul. She had been fighting for years. Fighting for Alderaan, fighting for love, fighting for herself, but now there was nothing to fight for. 
	She was alone. 
	After another hour, Padme’s stomach growled. She instinctively reached down to her abdomen to found it had shrunk a great deal. The memory of the last day came rushing back to her. The sun had long since set, but there was enough quiet illumination in her room for her to know she was still on Alderaan. 
	It was un-settling for her to wake up in the same place. She had actually grown accustomed to never knowing where she would be from one day to the next. She shook the cobwebs from her mind and tried to stand up again. 
	Her body reminded her that standing wasn’t such a good idea. 
	There was a quiet knock at the door before Breha Organa stuck her face in the room. Padme was relieved to see her kind face once again. Throughout fourteen hours of labor, doctors and nurses came and went, but Breha had always been nearby. 
	“Welcome back,” she smiled softly and entered the room, closing the door behind her. 
	“How long was I out?” Padme rubbed her temples. 
	“About six hours,” Breha touched her forehead. “Any nausea?”
	Padme shook her head while partially lying to her. Padme’s insides felt as though they had been ripped out, but not from giving birth. 
	“Hungry? It’s been about a full day since you last ate anything at all,” Breha asked. 
	“Can I see them?” Food was the last thing on Padme’s mind. 
	Breha smiled. “Of course. You can see your daughter, but your son needs to stay in the birthing chamber until he’s stronger.”
	Padme’s heart skipped a beat. 
	“Oh don’t worry,” Breha read her concern like a book. “With most twin births, one of them comes out a little weaker. It’s nothing, really.”
	Breha left the room and Padme was once again alone with her thoughts. 
	The First Lady of Alderaan served as a welcome distraction, but now Padme had nothing to focus on but the crushing weight her heart had to endure. Padme was alone again. She had nothing in the galaxy now that Anakin had betrayed her love. Khian was dead, Senator Bolet too, but it was Anakin who had willfully destroyed both of them in her memory. 
	She couldn’t stop the tears from falling as she buried her face in her hands. 
	Another soft knock preceded Breha from returning with a bundle in her arms. She entered the spacious room, but this time Obi-Wan Kenobi could be seen peering into the room as well. 
	“I’ll tell you when,” Breha said before closing the door on him. 
	“What was that about?” Padme wiped her eyes. 
	“It can wait,” Breha replied as she approached. 
	“If it’s urgent…” Padme began. 
	“It can wait,” Breha whispered. 
	“Padme, I’d like to introduce you to your daughter,” she said proudly before handing the bundle to her. 
	As Padme took the child, she pulled back a bit of blanket to look at her face. The child cooed, blinked once or twice, and then yawned before closing her eyes again. 
	Breha was right, it could wait. 
	The entire world dissolved away until Padme was left with this bundle of joy. The child dozed in her arms while she gently rocked it back and forth. It was beyond any feeling of love Padme had ever known. She had carried this child within her for nearly nine months. Now she was the most precious object she had ever laid eyes on. 
	“Leia,” she whispered and stroked her cheek with one finger. 
	As if in response, Leia’s tiny hand touched her single digit. Padme froze, not daring to disrupt her daughter’s action. Slowly, but surely, Leia had wrapped her hand around Padme’s finger. 
	It all came pouring out of her. She never wanted to burden Breha with her troubles, but out they came. She talked for over an hour about her entire life. Her fears, her loves, her life’s pursuits, her accomplishments, her failures, everything was laid out before the wife of the Viceroy. 
	Padme went on and on about Anakin; his love for her, the rescue on Ord Mantell, their time on Ambria, she recanted every detail of how he made her feel. She couldn’t stop herself from talking about how he had shrugged her off on Bogan and how Padme was nothing to him now. Anakin was a murderer, an Agent of Evil, and how she now feared him. 
	Breha listened quietly. 
	When it was over, only the quiet sound of Leia’s breathing could be heard. 
	After a few moments, Breha Organa sat beside her and wrapped Padme in her arms while she sobbed. 
	“There is great strength in you,” she whispered. “To have endured so much.”
	“The men downstairs are confused, they don’t know what to do,” she continued. “But you have the strength to guide us all. The love you have is eternal and not a thing in the galaxy can douse the fire inside unless you extinguish it yourself. I admire you, Padme.”
	Padme sniffled as Leia stirred in her arms. Padme held her close and kissed her forehead before she removed herself from Breha and stood up. 
	“Obi-Wan and Bail can come in, but no one else,” Padme said. “We have work to do if we’re to rescue my husband from himself.”

Chapter 17

	Vader set his ship down next to Darth Maul’s black interceptor. He couldn’t help but crack a smile as he descended down the ramp. With a few swings of his lightsaber, he could secure peace for his children and raise them as he was never raised. Vader was denied his birthright, but his children would never know that pain. 
	True, he couldn’t trust Sidious, but how would he challenge three of the most power Force users the galaxy would ever know?
	The climb up the mountain was brief, but un-eventful. He was still well below the tree-line when he spotted a wisp of smoke just ahead. Vader closed his eyes for a moment, but didn’t sense another presence nearby. 
	When he came around a row of bushes, he spotted the source of the smoke. 
	Four cannons, with four barrels each, were wrecked. They had come out of the mountain itself, but Darth Maul had made quick work of them. 
	“Typical,” Vader huffed. “No one learns a damn thing.”
	He jogged past the smoking ruins until he found blast door. This door was painted to look like the side of the mountain, but it was nearly half a meter thick. Vader ran his gloved hand along the slash marks Maul had made and nodded his head. 
	“Maybe I spoke too soon,” he smiled. 
	The door had seen some scarring from a lightsaber, but the saber had not penetrated it. This was made of some metal that, like Vader’s armor, was resistant to the weapons of the Jedi and Sith. 
	“So how did he get in?” Vader asked no one. 
	He crept around the door until he laughed out loud to himself. There was a small hole literally carved into the mountain that bypassed the door. The image of Maul having to slice through a mountain and crawling through was comical beyond words. 
	Vader followed. 
	When he emerged, it was almost like being back on a starship. The walls were made of metal, the floor a typical gray color, and seemed to go on forever. 
	What he hadn’t expected was to see the guards. 
	“Blast him!”
	Vader instinctively held up his hand as the blaster bolts sailed toward him. The gloves absorbed the blasts without his hands even getting warm. After a few shots, the guards stopped firing. They looked at their blasters, then at each other, and finally back at Vader. 
	In a fraction of a second, they were on the ground, spending their last moments of life twitching and gasping for air. 
	Vader raced down the hallway, but now doubts and questions dogged his every step. He didn’t see lightsaber scars on the walls or floor. He had dispatched two guards. Had they avoided Maul somehow? This entire floor should be laid to waste by his rage and fury. 
	He left the hallway, entering a large, square room. This room was quite large compared to the cramped and stuffy hallway he came from. 
	Abruptly, the door slammed shut behind him. Vader slammed his hands up against it before pulling out his lightsaber, but hesitated, but it was made of the same material as the entrance to this complex. His lightsaber would be of little use here. 
	He began to walk to other side of the room, but found himself that the room began to tilt awkwardly to one side. He shook his head, but the tilt got worse. Vader stood his ground so that he knew it wasn’t the room itself, but now his chest began to hurt as well. 
	The air was being sucked out of the room. 
	Vader scrambled toward the door on the far side, but only made it halfway before he stumbled. Every breath now took enormous effort to try and fill his lungs with what little oxygen remained. Only by crawling was he able to get near the door. Desperate, he plunged his lightsaber into the door only to find it barely left a scar. He hammered at it again and again, to find that small black marks could be made. 
	He dropped the hilt and dropped to all fours, sweat pouring from his brow. With every ounce of rage he could summon, from the fear of feeling like a trapped animal, Vader thrust out his hand. 
	The door splintered, but just enough to let air rush into the room. Vader collapsed, drinking it all in. The air was cool and refreshing, rejuvenating him with every breath. 
	After a moment, he stood back on his feet and thrust his hand out again. This time, the door shattered. Vader smiled, stepped over it, and resumed the hunt. 
	He stopped in front of a turbolift. Rather than confine himself to another steel trap, he used the Force to lower it to the next level. Sliding open the doors, Vader grabbed the cables and began to climb. 
	He made good time and had already advanced three floors in height when the doors above him opened. 
	Three monstrously large metal scorpions climbed into the shaft with him. Their tails and pincers whined a high-pitch noise that warned Vader of the danger they held. 
	He leapt onto the wall of the shaft, then the opposite wall, and back again, making it difficult for the droids to track him. All the while, he was moving closer to them. When he was within arm’s reach, he slammed his clenched fist into one of them. The Force-enhanced blow crushed the monster, but before it tumbled down the shaft, Vader ripped off the tail and flung it into the second droid. The resulting crash sent the second droid tumbling out of control. He sent the third one flying through the doors, ripping them from its hinges. 
	Vader exited on the floor they had emerged from. Clearly, he was on the right track. 
	At the end of another hallway stood a solitary door.  
	Using the Force, the door flew into a large room, taking pieces of the wall with it. 
	“That was my polite knock,” he mused as his boots echoed across the floor. 
	This room was large and completely round. There was some furniture in it, but it wasn’t as lavishly decorated as he thought it might be. Sitting behind a desk, was Tethys Aran. 
	“This is your final refuge?” Vader asked. “All the security in the galaxy, all the credits you could dream for, and this is what you brought?”
	Tethys Aran smiled, but Vader could see right through it. This man saw his death coming and was not the least bit terrified by it. 
	He stood up slowly, his four arms open and inviting. “Death comes for us all. True, I was hoping to live my life peacefully here on this charming ball of mud, but all the credits in the galaxy wouldn’t buy immortality.”
	“That’s true,” Vader reached for his hilt. “I have discovered that material needs don’t lead to your name being remembered forever. Mine will be on the lips of people on thousands of worlds while yours fades into obscurity like an echo.”
	“I did learn one thing,” Tethys said. “Credits aren’t the power that information is. Do you remember when we first met, right here on Cerea? I told you then that information is the key to getting anything you want.”
	“And what did you want?” Vader asked. 
	Tethys Aran pressed a small button on his belt. “You can fulfill your side of the bargain now.”
	A door slid open and Darth Maul stepped into the room. 
	“I wanted security that would stymie even you in all of your glory,” Tethys replied. “I will ruin Darth Sidious and help end his life with the data I have. Darth Maul can then take his place as rightful ruler of the Sith Leadership. In exchange? I get to die an old man in my bed many decades from now.”
	“A new suit of clothes doesn’t mean anything,” Maul sneered at Vader. “I offered you a chance to learn the dark side and become the ultimate power in the galaxy. Now, you’re a cheap hack trying to play above his league.”
	Vader ignited his red lightsaber.
	Darth Maul’s sneer faded. 
	“Do I have your attention now?” he asked, his face bathed in the red glow. 
	“Tha…that’s not possible!” Darth Maul stammered. “You’re a Jedi!”
	Vader flexed his muscles and assumed an en garde stance. “I’m far more.”
	Tethys stumbled against his chair. “You promised! You gave me your word you wouldn’t let him kill me!”
	 Maul waved his hand and Tethys soared into the air. He landed in the adjacent room Maul had stepped out of and closed the door behind him. 
	“No more distractions,” he smiled. 
	“I’ve been looking forward to this moment,” Vader growled. 
	He and Maul slowly began circling each other. “To avenge your fallen brethren?” he laughed. 
	“To hell with the Jedi,” Vader spat. “This is to prove just how much I’ve surpassed you. You know nothing of the dark side of the Force. I laugh at the idea that I once considered learning from you.”
	“You spent some time on Bogan, put on a shiny hat, and you think you have surpassed me? Even if you were to get lucky and slay me, my master would make quick work of you,” Maul replied. 
	Vader hesitated. 
	“Yes,” Maul grinned. “He has powers you can only dream of. You are insignificant in the eyes of Darth Sidious and he has taught me well.”
	Vader spun the blade once to reset his balance. “You can only learn so much from a teacher. Some things have to be discovered on their own.”
	Darth Maul’s smile faded. “I agree.”
	He reached down to his belt and pulled out two cylindrical objects. Vader’s eyes widened when he saw that Maul had abandoned his quarterstaff in favor of two separate lightsabers. His grip was also wrong for a standard saber. Instead of holding the hilt in the middle, he gripped it toward the top, leaving very little room for the blade to extend. 
	Looking closer, he saw that the hilt was misshapen as well. Instead of being one solid piece, it looked very much like the letter “T”, but held upside down. When Darth Maul ignited the weapon, the blades ran parallel to his gloved arms. These “night-stick” lightsabers each sported a short, red blade that extended only a bit past his hands. 
	“I too, have become far more,” he growled through gritted teeth. 
	Before Vader could raise his saber, Darth Maul charged. 


	“She's delusional, you're delusional, she's delusional!” Bail said to Obi-Wan, then to Padme, and then to Breha Organa once Padme had completed her speech. 
	“It’s the only way,” she replied. 
	Obi-Wan stroked his beard in thought. “I have almost a dozen Jedi on their way here. I could re-route them to Cerea.”
	Padme shook her head. “He’d kill them all. The Jedi can come here, but only if I am here too.”
	“This is insane!” Bail threw up his hands. “The Jedi have evacuated from Coruscant, the galaxy is in a state of panic, Palpatine has no one to challenge him, and you think Anakin can be controlled? He should be the least of our problems!”
	Leia fussed in Padme’s arms, causing the whole room to go silent. 
	“Viceroy, I would appreciate a little decorum,” Padme smiled softly and Bail Organa blushed. 
	“Gentlemen,” Padme gestured to the chairs around her. “Vader will kill Tethys Aran, nothing can stop that now. When he does, he will then become the only person alive who can expose Palpatine. Without him, we have no evidence, no testimony, nothing. We have an empty blaster while Palpatine is invulnerable.”
	“And you believe he will cooperate?” Obi-Wan asked. 
	Padme looked down at Leia, who blinked twice at her. 
	“He has two reasons to cooperate. He won’t want us to raise our children in a civilization run by that monster. For the sake of the family, for all of us, he’ll help us. I still hope that we can bring him back from the abyss he threw himself into,” Padme replied. 
	“A bold plan with little chance of success? I’ve missed you,” Obi-Wan chuckled. 
	Leia began to fuss and stir in Padme’s arms. “I think she needs to be changed.”
	“But Padme, your plan about the twins…” Bail began, but Breha cut him off. 
	“Both mom and daughter will need naps. Discuss ‘Padme’s Plan to Save the Galaxy’ outside, it is too nice of a day to stay inside,” Breha almost pushed them out of the room. 
	“They’re right,” Padme sighed as she changed Leia. “There is a lot of work to be done.”
	Breha clicked her tongue disapprovingly. “And there are plenty of people around to do the work. You, young lady, are exhausted.”
	Padme lay back on the bed, feeling the anchors reappear on her eyelids as if on command. “A short nap,” she conceded. 
	“We’ll see,” Breha smiled and put a cool cloth on Padme’s forehead. 
	“How is Luke?” Padme asked with closed eyes. 
	“Coming along just fine,” Breha replied. “You’ll be able to see him in a few hours. Maybe after your nap if everything goes well.”
	Padme nodded almost unconsciously. 
	“Mrs. Organa?” Padme asked. 
	“I think we’re well past formality,” she laughed in reply. 
	“Breha,” Padme said quietly. “Am I doing the right thing?”
	For a long moment, Breha didn’t respond. A single tear rolled down her cheek as she swaddled Leia in a fresh blanket. She was clearly torn over what her answer should be. She opened her mouth, but closed it again before looking down at Leia. 
	“Are you doing this because you love them?” she finally asked. 
	“Yes,” Padme replied. “I couldn’t live without knowing they would be safe.”
	"You'll be a great mother, if you keep that attitude up," Breha smiled. 
	Padme smiled as she settled into the bed, pulling the covers up to her neck. 
	“It's about all I have left,” she murmured before sleep took her. 

Chapter 18

	This was Vader’s first duel with his new powers as an ascended being. He had been supremely confident in his abilities. He had learned, adapted, and evolved to become the single dominant force in the galaxy. He had shaken off the lesser being of Anakin who had cringed before Darth Maul and was eager to make quick work of the horned devil. 
	This was not how the duel was supposed to go. 
	He hadn’t anticipated Darth Maul’s new weapons. The night-stick lightsabers enabled him to not only protect his arms from attacks, but increased his speed as well. He was able to deflect Vader’s blow, then turn right around and go on the offensive in the blink of an eye. 
	Their duel ranged all around the room; the sun setting just through the windows. Vader angrily swung vertically, only to have Darth Maul nimbly leap out of the way. The only victim there was the desk that he had cleaved in half. 
	“I offered you everything!” Maul shouted. “We could have been gods!”
	Maul tightened his grip on the hilts and spun the blades under his arms quickly. Vader's eyes boggled at the red blur they created. He lunged at Vader, putting him on the defensive. Vader was able to shove him away, pushing Maul against a wall, but not before Maul had glanced a blow off of his armored shoulder. 
	Was it possible that he was less than perfect? 
	“I have everything I need,” Vader breathed heavily from the exertion. “A family, ultimate power, there’s nothing I want from you now. I have taken my power to limits you couldn’t even fathom.”
	Maul spun the blades around until they were secured under his forearms again. “Then why are you tiring, oh Supreme Being?”
	They circled each other once more. Vader lunged at him, but only feinted the attack. 
	“You’re weak,” Darth Maul spat. “A weak, mis-guided fool who puts his faith in a shiny toy he can hold in front of him.”
	Darth Maul waved his hand, sending Vader flying against a wall. He had just enough time to dive out of the way before the desk slammed into the wall after him. 
	Another wave of the hand and cracks appeared in the floor. Pieces of concrete buffeted Vader. He brought up his saber to defend himself, but the pieces all came from different directions. He could slice one in half, only to be hit in the back. He could dodge to one side, only to feel another one bounce off of his shoulder. 
	“Enough!” Vader shouted and charged Darth Maul. 
	The Sith Lord dropped his arm as Vader attacked. He parried blow after blow, retreating around the room. His speed was beyond reason as he used the new sabers with a grin on his face. 
	Vader continued his relentless assault, hammering away at Darth Maul again and again. In a flash, Vader found himself on the defensive. Maul would spin one blade to distract Vader, then lash out with the other. It was all he could do to keep Maul at bay. He needed one move, one swing, one action that could end this duel in his favor, but Maul wasn’t about to let that happen. 
	Fear began to rise within Vader when Maul actually landed a second blow. It glanced off of Vader’s shoulder armor, but a few more centimeters higher and it might have severed his head. 
Vader finally used the Force to push Darth Maul away while he leapt into the opposite direction, effectively separating them. 
	“Is this the Anakin I wanted by my side?” Maul smirked. “You rely so much on brute strength you’ve forgotten you have a brain in there somewhere. I’ve fought clones that were smarter than this.”
	Vader’s eyes widened when he realized that Maul’s sole weakness had been meters away this entire time. He gestured with his hand and a door slid open. Tethys Aran was still in the adjacent room, trembling from the sounds of the duel. It gave Vader a great deal of smug pride to see the once mighty arms dealer cowering in an over-sized closet. 
	“You want brains?” Vader growled and Maul’s eyes went wide. 
	With a flick of Vader’s hand, Tethys soared through the air directly toward the window. Darth Maul screamed and leapt toward Tethys, catching him in mid-air. They crashed sideways into a wall rather than careening out the window. Stunned, they lay there for a moment while Vader ran up behind them. 
	“Let’s see yours,” Vader hissed. 
	With one swing, he ended two lives. 

 -----------------------------

	 Yoda’s cane echoed through the empty hallway. Twenty hours ago, this place was bustling with activity from over two thousand souls. Now, only one hundred remained to stand watch in the Jedi Temple. 
	The sound of quick footsteps could easily be heard, but Yoda was not yet concerned about an attack. Should anything happen to the Jedi Council, they would have to answer to the still surviving fifteen thousand Jedi Knights and Masters whom had scattered throughout the galaxy. 
	Time was still on their side. 
	“You are not an easy person to find,” Mace Windu was breathing heavily as he came up behind Yoda. 
	“On patrol, I am,” Yoda replied. “Vigilant we all must be.”
	“The Temple Guards are on patrol, you’re simply taking a walk,” Mace folded his arms. 
	Yoda smiled to himself. “Clear, my mind must be. Help with that, the walks do.”
	“We’ve lost communications,” Mace said bluntly. “Either the mob did it, or Palpatine did.”
	“Matter, it does?” Yoda sighed. “Lost, they still would be.”
	“I was in the middle of a conversation with Obi-Wan on Alderaan,” Mace ignored the question. “He believes that Padme Amidala has a plan that will save her children, and stop Palpatine.”
	“Clever, she is,” Yoda affirmed. 
	“That’s the good news,” Mace left the other half of the sentence hang in the air as they walked together.
	Yoda leaned a little heavier on his cane as they passed two Jedi Temple guards. Despite his urging, the men were fanatically dedicated to protecting their home. As long as there had been Jedi Knights on Coruscant, there had been men trained to be the Watch of the Temple. In the beginning, they were needed as the Jedi were few in number. Over the millennia, they had become more of a symbol than anything else, but tradition was important to those who joined their ranks. 
	“News about Skywalker, you have,” Yoda guessed. 
	Mace looked at him quizzically. “You knew?”
	Yoda paused for a moment and looked down a balcony into the now empty Great Hall. “Sense the disturbance, we all could, when he turned.”
	“Obi-Wan believes he will kill Tethys Aran to align himself with Palpatine, supplanting Darth Maul as his new apprentice. However, if he could be captured, he could expose Palpatine before the galaxy. Hope still remains,” Mace put a hand on Yoda’s shoulder. 
	“Hope might be all we have left, but powerful it can be,” Yoda replied. “How will they lure Anakin to Alderaan? What is the plan?”
	Mace shook his head. “That’s where the transmission was cut off. He mentioned something about children, and other Jedi, but nothing else.”
	Yoda cocked his head sideways. “If born, the twins are, very interested Anakin will be in them.”
	“She would use her own children as bait?” Mace asked. “Against the Chosen One?”
	Yoda visibly shuddered at the term. “Misread Anakin, we did. Coddled Ethan, but shunned Anakin. A critical error, we made.”
	“What was the solution?” Mace asked. “How could we have possibly handled this?”
	Yoda shook his head. “Look to the future, we must. Look to hope.”
	“This one is fading fast,” Mace sighed. “We need a new hope.”	


	Obi-Wan’s head nodded wearily, bobbing back and forth. He would catch himself dozing, only to angrily blink a few times and resume his vigil. 
	“I hate waiting,” he muttered. 
	He stood and stretched his arms, hearing more than a couple of joints popping as he reached for the sky. He smiled at his aging body and rotated his arms. Anakin, or Vader as he was called now, could be arriving soon and he had to be ready. Nearly a dozen other Jedi had already arrived on Alderaan with over a hundred more on the way. Rumor had it that some ships contained thousands of his brethren and were being flung to the farthest reaches of the galaxy for the sake of safety. 
	He hoped Padme was right. Her plan was bold, but reckless, with great risk attached. It was incredibly brave of her to put her own children at risk, but her back-up plan was even more ingenious. 

	“I’m sure he’ll come back to us. He can’t be truly evil, not like Palpatine.”
	“Padme, you can’t be sure of that.”
	“I’m more sure of that than anything else outside of the love I have for my babies.”
	“Then why bother prepping the ship at all?”
	“Because he’s not sure. Luke will be safe with Owen as long as you can watch over him from a distance.”
	“I could just take him myself, train the boy, and lead him to where we all need him to be.”
	“No. If Palpatine is as powerful as we fear, he might sense Luke. I can’t have that. Not until he can defend himself. As a child, he’d be helpless.”
		
	Luke stirred in the nearby infancy chamber. The doctors had hopes he would be out within the next day, but Obi-Wan didn't see a reason to risk his health. Padme would have time with him, as resilient as he was; there was no need to rush things. 
	He stood over the baby and pulled nervously at his beard. His friends and family have been scattered to the galaxy like specks of dust to the wind. The abrupt end to his transmission to Mace Windu only confirmed his worst fears. All communication to the Jedi Temple was lost, which could only mean they were under siege from the very people the Jedi had protected for a thousand generations. 
	He glanced at the closed door. 
	They would forgive him, wouldn't they? Bail and Padme surely would understand if Obi-Wan left them to go back to Coruscant. He had to be there, he simply had to help them. The entire Order was coming apart at the seams all due to just one Sith Lord's actions and Obi-Wan was stuck on Alderaan helpless to do anything about it. 
	He tugged harder at his beard. 
	Nearly a dozen Jedi were on their way to Alderaan at Obi-Wan's order, including two additional Masters. Vader would be here for his children and capturing him might restore order to the galaxy. He could do more here coordinating their efforts-in-exile than on Coruscant. 
	Another glance at the door, another tug on the beard. 
	But that didn't change the fact that the men and women he admired most had their lives hanging in the balance. His thoughts lingered on Master Yoda, his personal mentor. The small Jedi had helped shape Obi-Wan's future from nearly the beginning. He took a struggling Jedi, tempered him, matured him, and guided him to becoming a Master himself. In a time when Obi-Wan felt like an isolated outcast, Yoda had been there. 
	Now he couldn't be there for Yoda. 
	"Master Kenobi?" a voice whispered from beyond the door. 
	His hand instinctively reached for his lightsaber. "Yes?"
	The door slowly opened and a painted face poked through the opening. Shaak Ti, the female Tortuga Jedi Master, had arrived on Alderaan. 
	Obi-Wan relaxed. "You are most welcome here."
	She crossed the room in great strides, embracing Obi-Wan for a long moment. "It's simply beyond words what is happening out there," she whispered. 
	"I've heard very little," Obi-Wan broke the embrace. 
	"This is one of them?" she gestured to the sleeping child in the infancy chamber. 
	"Luke Skywalker," Obi-Wan said softly. "Son of Padme and..."
	Shaak Ti nodded slowly during the silence that followed. 
	"Grand Moff Tarkin has restricted all military communications. Republic Military Intelligence monitors every transmission sent or received. They're howling for every ship we have to file a flight plan. Rumors are flying that they will stop us from leaving whatever planet we set down on," Shaak Ti smoothed the lekku that ran from her head down past her chest. 
	"We're being isolated," Obi-Wan muttered. 
	"The RMI is also reporting, gleefully, that several Core Worlds are already denying landing rights to any ship carrying a Jedi. If we don't act, we may be eternal nomads," a tear ran down Shaak Ti's face. 
	Obi-Wan glanced back at the door. 
	"What is it?" she asked. 
	"It...it's nothing," Obi-Wan shook his head. "Just a feeling. Who else came with you?"
	"I have Master Gallia, and two knights by the names of Wignell and Yveiner. They're both pretty raw, but are knights nonetheless," she replied. 
	"Your apprentice? Where is Darrob?" he asked. 
	She shook her head. 
	"I'm sorry for your loss," he put a hand on her shoulder. "We will..."
	He was interrupted by a hurried knock on the door. Bail Organa threw it open and rushed to a monitor on the far side of the room.  
	"What is going on?" Obi-Wan asked. 
	"It has begun," Bail replied almost breathlessly as he turned the monitor on. The face of Oreana T'riek, the most famous reporter for the Republic Holo-News Network appeared. Behind her was nothing but rubble and debris.

	"The carnage is horrific," she said. "We have finally seen what the Jedi are capable of and it has left thousands of people in mourning."
	"It appears that their violent tendencies were not limited to the battlefield. Earlier today, several Jedi were being questioned by members of the Republic Armed Forces. The questions were simple and peaceful; in fact the soldiers were un-armed..."

	"Yeah, and escorting baby ducks I'm sure," Shaak Ti grumbled. 

	"...when the Jedi suddenly attacked. The un-armed soldiers were cut down immediately, several of them murdered as they tried to flee the scene. That was when the brave citizens of the Republic had decided enough was enough. Several dozen of them pursued the Jedi down an avenue until they reached a public marketplace. There, hundreds more were waiting."
	"That was when the un-thinkable happened. Rather than leave peacefully, the Jedi used their mystical powers to level entire buildings. More than half a dozen structures, including one hospital, some more than one hundred meters tall, came crashing down on the people."
	"Casualty estimates given to me by the Office of the Supreme Chancellor are nine hundred dead, including the Jedi, and almost another thousand injured. We expect a statement to be issued from the Chancellor himself sometime in the next Galactic Standard Day."

	Shaak Ti sank to her knees and sobbed. 
	Luke cried softly for a moment before the small chamber began rocking itself back and forth to soothe him. An Alderaanian lullaby began playing through speakers. 
	If the future was here, Obi-Wan had to be here as well. 
	The past was on Coruscant. 

Chapter 19
	"It is done."
	"They're dead? Both of them?"
	"I said it was done."
	"Don't snap at me, Vader," Darth Sidious growled in his private room on the shuttle. "We have much left to do before we can hold up both ends of our bargain."
	"The Jedi bothering you?" Vader asked as he sat down next to the corpses of Darth Maul and Tethys Aran. 
	"I fear they might re-assemble and challenge my rule," Sidious replied. 
	"Not my problem," Vader shrugged. "I did what you asked. I will not be called upon every time you don't like the way the wind is blowing."
	Sidious's eyes narrowed. He leaned forward and pressed his fingertips together. Darth Maul was far more submissive than Vader was. Although, he had had decades to grind down his former acolyte, not the hours he had known Vader. 
	"And if the Jedi organize, re-assemble, and launch an attack? It will mean a civil war so massive that it will make the Clone Wars seem like a ballroom dance. There won't be a single world un-touched by the chaos, including yours," Sidious said. 
	Vader sat back and kicked Tethys's prone form. 
	"Fine, I'll return to Coruscant to deal with the Jedi," he replied. 
	"Vader, don't be a fool!" Sidious hissed. "The Jedi that remain on Coruscant are none other than the Council members themselves. Taking them alone would be suicide, regardless of whatever powers you have acquired. Even I wouldn't be that arrogant as to think I can take them alone."
	"Then make sure I won't be alone," Vader muttered before ending the transmission. 
	He rammed his lightsaber through the computer, before swiftly walking out of the room without even a second glance at the corpses he left behind. With his cape billowing behind him, Vader left the mountain hideaway and walked back toward his shuttle. 
	A presence caught his attention on the walk back. He took a slight detour, hand on his lightsaber’s hilt, and stopped at a small river. A local Cerean was filling a bucket with water from the stream. He looked up at Anakin when he approached and smiled. 
	“Still chasing someone?” he asked. 
	Vader’s eyes widened. “What do you mean?”
	“You were here a few years ago,” he continued filling the bucket. “Chasing after some alien. It caused quite the stir around here.”
	“You don’t even know who I am,” Vader folded his arms. 
	“You’re the same kid. You changed your outfit, but same kid as before, no doubt,” he replied. 
	“I’m far different,” Vader retorted. “I’ve grown.”
	The Cerean eyed him carefully. “Maybe a few centimeters, but you look the same to me.”
	Vader’s fist clenched and a nearby tree splintered. “There’s more to growth than height.”
	The Cerean just shrugged. “You also tore apart half a block around here a few years back. You plan on doing something that doesn’t break what you see?”
	“You don’t know me at all,” he said through gritted teeth. 
	“Tall, lanky, sandy colored hair,” the Cerean stood up, but now he wasn’t as tall as he appeared. “Always getting in the way, always blissfully ignorant of anything going on around him.”
	“Shut up,” Vader grumbled. 
	The man dropped the bucket and approached Vader. His tall, angular head, seemed somewhat smaller and flatter. “Didn’t know a lot about the ways of the universe. Didn’t know a lot about anything at all.”
	Vader cracked his knuckles. 
	“Scared too,” was he growing hair? “Always needed someone else to look after you, to rescue you when things got tough. Yep, anyone could see that.”
	“I said shut up,” Vader spat, but a bead of sweat trickled down his back. 
	“You’re still that boy, you’ll always be that boy,” he actually laughed now. “You’ll be him for all time.”
	Vader’s eyes narrowed as more sweat appeared on his brow. 
	“Pathetic,” the boy laughed. 
	Vader stumbled backwards when the Cerean had disappeared, replaced by Anakin Skywalker. 
	“Wouldn’t have won a single race without Owen,” he sang. 
	“No!” Vader took a few steps backwards. 
	“Wouldn’t have saved Padme without Obi-Wan,” Anakin’s voice was shrill and clear. 
	“STOP IT!” Vader shouted. 
	“Turned away from purity, turned away from goodness, turned away from me,” Anakin ran a hand through his sandy colored hair. 
	“Turned away from Padme,” he closed in on Vader, who had dropped to his knees. 
	Vader swung his fist, colliding with Anakin’s jaw. The blow sent the youth flying into the river with a tremendous splash. He sat there, dazed, rubbing his bleeding lip gingerly. 
	“More violen-th?” he spat out a tooth. “Ist that all you know? Ist that what I haff become?”
	Vader got off of his knees and charged the boy. He knocked Anakin over and plunged his head into the river. 
	“You’ve become more powerful than any Force user in history!” he pulled the boy’s head out of the water. “We have power, real power!”
	“We never wanted that before,” Anakin sputtered. “Why now?”
	Vader plunged Anakin back into the river, holding him down while the boy thrashed in his grasp. 
	“So I’ll never have to be you again,” Vader whispered, still holding him down. 
	Anakin’s arms stopped flailing. 
	His eyes stopped blinking. 
	After a few minutes, he faded away entirely, leaving Vader with only his gloved hands immersed in the cool water. He stared at the spot for a long time. Every ounce of Anakin that had once been within him seemed to wash downriver with whatever that vision had once been. 
	Vader stood, rising to his full height, and let a primal scream rip from his lungs. He sloshed out of the river and headed directly for the shuttle. 
	His visit to Coruscant would have to be more thorough than just a visit to the Jedi Temple. Once on-board, he set the nav-computer’s coordinates to the heart of the Republic before sending a transmission. 

	“Stand by. By order of the Communication Safety Act, your transmission is being monitored.”

	Vader stared at the message on his computer. Being monitored? That message had never appeared before. Had the Jedi taken back Coruscant and locked down communications?

	“Your transmission has been granted Executive-level clearance. You may proceed.”

	Vader breathed a sigh of relief shortly before Colonel Adani’s hologram appeared. 
	“What could you possibly want?” he asked. 
	“I need two things by the time I arrive on Coruscant. I need an astromech droid and I need you at the Republic Military Archives,” Vader ordered. 
	“So says the man who killed my brother,” Adani muttered. 
	“There’s only one way you’ll be seeing me again, Colonel,” Vader growled. “Either you can do as I say or I’ll find you and you can join your precious brother.”
	“Now you’re thinking like a Sith,” Adani sighed and ended the transmission. 
	Over an hour into his flight, Vader felt a disturbance in the Force. Like ripples on a pond, he felt waves pulsing toward him. Closing his eyes, he focused on the source of those waves and felt a ship in the distance. 
	 The transport was much larger, practically dwarfing his in size. As they neared each other, Vader could feel the presence of over a thousand souls on-board the vessel. 
	Over half of them were Jedi. 
	As they got closer to each other, Vader could feel anxiety, trepidation, and a general sense of concern. They were fleeing Coruscant, heading toward the Outer Rim. Vader’s eyes narrowed as he turned his ship around. 
	“Republic shuttle, please identify,” a female voice crackled over his communicator. 
	Vader did not reply. He came up behind the ship, and then moved off to one side. 
	“Republic shuttle, please identify or we will be forced to open fire,” the female voice threatened. 
	Vader recognized the voice now. He flipped his communicator open. 
	“Hello, Aiya Rios,” he said. 
	“By the Force, Anakin is that you? Where the hell have you been? Pull into the docking bay underneath and we’ll bring you in,” she replied. 
	Vader did not reply. 
	“Look,” she said quickly. “I know what you’re thinking, but there isn’t time for that. The Jedi needed all the pilots they could get and they helped get me an early release if I remained in their custody. I promise, the Jedi are perfectly safe with me, despite my past.”
	“Aiya,” Vader reached out his hand. “Would you believe it possible to kill over five hundred Jedi without using a lightsaber?”
	“What…?” she asked. 
	Vader squeezed his hand. 
	Deck by deck, section by section, viewports began to explode. Although the vacuum of space didn’t carry the screams of the dying, Vader felt their death throes in his very core. With each passing deck, the terror he inflicted grew. Nearly a thousand people were killed and the last thing that each person, including the Jedi, experienced was sheer horror. 
	It was such sweet music. 
	“It’s not only possible, but it’s easier than you would think,” Vader said to himself. 
	He didn’t make an effort to avoid the bodies that had been blown out into space as he turned his ship back toward Coruscant. 
	

	Upon landing, Vader didn’t care what kind of welcome he would receive. Although he had vague memories of being on the planet, they felt like dreams to him. 
	Darth Sidious was already there, flanked by six red-robed guards. He still wore his traditional Chancellor Office garb, but his energy radiated from him. After departing the ramp, Vader dropped to one knee. 
	“I assume you have a plan? You seemed supremely confident when we last spoke,” Sidious motioned for him to rise. 
	“We’re going to finish together, what you started alone,” Vader stood and they walked together. 
	“The people?” Sidious asked. 
	“Yes,” Vader replied. “A Jedi attack will be the pre-cursor to them storming the Jedi Temple and ripping them apart. They cannot hold against thousands of citizens. The Jedi rule will end here.”
	“The Jedi will not attack, regardless of whatever provocation I throw at them,” Sidious said glumly. “They just hold up in their wretched temple.”
	Vader smiled. “The eyes of history are beholden only to the victors.”
	Sidious smirked. “We’ll attack immediately.”
	Vader held up a single finger. “No.”
	Darth Sidious stopped walking. Just hearing that word was enough to send ripples through the Force that Vader could easily feel. 
	“Not yet,” he corrected. 
	“What benefit would there be to waiting?” Sidious asked as a small transport pulled up. “They know you’re coming, or at least they know someone is coming.”
	Vader looked at him questioningly. 
	“Your little stunt might have killed a few hundred Jedi, but the disturbance you created in the Force could be felt for thousands of light-years. I know what you did, the Jedi know what you did, and they’ll know they are next,” Sidious said. 
	A white-faced man stepped out and unloaded a blue astromech droid. “I believe this is what you’re looking for, Lord Vader?”
	The droid wheeled itself up to him, beeped a few times in a low tone, and stopped. The droid seemed familiar, but Vader couldn’t quite place where he had seen the droid before. 
	“R2…” his voice trailed off. 
	“Yes, m’lord,” Colonel Adani said. “R2-D2 is this droid’s service number.”
	“I don’t understand,” Sidious snapped. “Vader, explain this.”
	“The Jedi have information that I require to be destroyed,” he said. “I’ll need a droid and some time to accomplish this. I will go in with this R2 unit and remove the information from their computers. After that? We’ll destroy them together.”
	Sidious thought for a moment. “When we attack, the Jedi will rush to destroy any information in their precious computers anyway.”
	Adani shook his head. “I beg your pardon sir, but they will only destroy the computers. The information will remain on various servers, some of which aren’t even in the building. This R2 unit will inject a virus after slicing into their computers that will do the job.”
	“Then go to one of those other buildings,” Sidious waved a hand dismissively. 
	Adani shook his head again. “I’m sorry sir, but the central hub is here.”
	A swarm of transports appeared. They began unloading both members of the media as well as camera equipment and stages to report from. Palpatine’s gentler side appeared as he readied himself for the press. 
	“Very well,” Sidious growled. “I grant you two hours, no longer.” 
	Vader adjusted his helmet. “Come along, Artoo. We have work ahead of us.”
	“Yes, Oreana,” Palpatine spoke into a microphone as Vader walked away. “We are keeping the peace as best we can, but you can never tell what a desperate Jedi will do next.”


Progress was agonizingly slow, but his patience was eternal. 
	Moving through the Jedi Temple was now easier than he ever anticipated. Gaining access to the sacred Jedi Archival was done with ease. The once-packed hallways were now all but deserted. Vader could feel the presence of the various Jedi that stayed behind, but only enough to avoid them. He was able to sit at this isolated terminal without being disturbed. Accessing the records of Anakin Skywalker was…
	All too easy. 
	Modifying them, however, was proving to be far more difficult. Jedi security was supposed to be tighter than usual given the events of the past several days. Getting past humanoid guards was one thing, getting past security lockouts was something else. 
	Access restricted.
	That error message would have frustrated other beings. No, he corrected, lesser, beings. But he would not allow himself to be frustrated by a computer program merely doing its job. He used every trick he could think of, but he couldn’t gain the “Admin” rights he needed to edit the records. Using the Force on humanoids was child’s play, but computers could not be so easily manipulated. 
	The sun began to dip below the starscrapers outside the window. Darth Sidious would begin soon, assuming he stuck to the schedule at all. As he waited for an algorithm to go to work on the security settings, he removed the helmet and closed his eyes.  His mind wandered and drifted as he let himself go. 
	A flash entered his mind. Little Anakin being told not to jump too high or run too fast. Then again, he is told about the amazing potential he has, but he can’t tap into it, can’t use it. It was as if the Jedi dangled his future in front of him, but then pulled it out of his reach at the last moment. Even worse, they would chastise him for trying to obtain what was rightfully his. 
	And it was all for him. The greatness, the glory, the sheer power of it all, everything was meant for him. The Force had dictated that the burden of being the single greatest being in the galaxy was on his shoulders and yet the Jedi were too frightened to allow him to grasp it. 
	In the distance a baby cried, softly.  Vader had to strain to hear it, but the sound was un-mistakable. The sound grew when Vader focused on it. It wasn’t a cry of a child being fussy, but a hard scream, one of fear and horror. Vader closed his eyes tightly, he didn’t want that sound. He tried to focus his anger against Master Yoda or Obi-Wan, but the sound persisted. It grew in intensity, louder and louder, a shrill scream piercing the night. 
	The little astromech droid chirped at him. 
	Vader blinked hard and was surprised to see that he was dripping with sweat. It clung to his hair and matted it against his scalp. 
	“Dammit,” he growled. “The Jedi will be alerted to my presence. I’ll have to deal with them sooner than I planned. Can you handle yourself here?”
	The droid let loose a series of beeps. 
	He threw his hands up. “Okay, fine. Keeping a ship together from Ambria to Rishi is different than this. But if you’re positive you can do this without being detected, by all means.”
	An affirmative beep was the response. 
	He stood and put his helmet back on. "Remember, I want no trace of the name ‘Anakin Skywalker’ at all. Not his home-world, not his racing records, not that he came to Coruscant. Zero. Not even a byte of data."
	The droid beeped another affirmative, but this one had an attitude to it. 
	"Yes, yes, you're a Wonder Droid. I don't know why I ever doubted your skills. When you’re done here, just wait here for someone to collect you,” he began to walk away.  
	The droid beeped affectionately at him as it inserted a processing rod into the computer’s terminal. The droid would either accomplish the mission or he would rip it apart. Either way, he would get some measure of satisfaction. However, something in the back of his mind told him that he would not be disappointed. 
	He paused just before reaching the turbolift that led down to the Great Hall and reached for his communicator. 
	“Do you realize that this is probably being monitored?” the voice on the other end asked. He sounded tired, or maybe just tired of him. 
	“I need Artoo’s memory erased,” he ordered. 
	“Already?” the voice asked wearily. 
	His brow furrowed, but he said nothing. Silence could be far more effective in communicating his annoyance. 
	“You know the Chancellor is chomping at the bit. He could start the attack at any time. That would make things difficult for me to retrieve your droid,” he said. 
	The silence continued. 
	“Fine, I’ll take care of it,” he muttered. 
	“See that you do, Colonel Adani,” Anakin growled. “No mistakes.”


	Vader stepped out on to the bottom floor. He took slow, deliberate strides into the Great Hall. He passed a fountain and in the back of his mind, he could hear the sound of a duel played out. He glanced at the fountain, but saw no one. Something about it seemed all too familiar. 
	“Welcome home, Skywalker," a dark voice said. 
	Mace Windu stood alone in the middle of the hall. He wasn't wearing his traditional brown Jedi robes. Instead, he was dressed in a white tunic and pants, which stood out in the darkened corridor. 
	"Although I hear you are going by another name," he remarked. 
	Vader stopped a few meters away and reached for his lightsaber. "Facing me alone only ensures you will have a quick death."
	"Why, Skywalker?" Mace asked, putting added emphasis on the name. "Why would you willingly bring down a Jedi Order that works only for the good of all creatures throughout the galaxy?"
	Vader shook his head. "You think in such predictable ways. Jedi, Sith, dark, light, good, evil, none of that concerns me. I have transcended beyond such a pitiful point of view." 
	Klaxons began blaring across the temple. 
	"So, it has come to this," Mace ignited his blade. 
	"It was meant to come to this," Vader ignited his. The red and purple blades lit up the area. Behind Vader, the un-mistakable sound of two additional sabers lighting up could be heard. 
	Vader grinned. "I knew you wouldn't disappoint me, Master Windu."
	Master Fisto appeared at Mace Windu's side. The green-skinned man scowled as he closed his eyes. Within a handful of seconds, there were five of the Jedi standing before Vader; all of them wielded lightsabers. 
	"I have learned Sith knowledge that you would deny yourself because of your ignorance," Vader sneered. "Your Force tricks do not amuse me."
	With a flash of his arm, Vader launched his lightsaber through the fourth Kit Fisto from the right. All of the others faded as it collided with his stomach. Half a second later, Vader was standing directly in front of him, yanking the lightsaber from the man's body. With a groan, he collapsed to the floor. 
	Before he had hit the ground, Vader savagely kicked Mace in the ribs, sending him soaring down the hall. He quickly turned to the other two Jedi, who were charging toward him, and assumed a defensive stance he had learned from his dark mentor in the Sith holocron. 
	Saesee Tiin struck first and high, while Eeth Koth, a horned Jedi Master, hung back. 
	Vader deflected his attack and grinned at the standard Jedi two-on-one attack strategy. Instead of waiting for him to turn Vader around so that Koth could attack from the flank, he flipped directly over Tiin. True to form, he spun around quickly, slicing up high. Koth, seeing Vader coming at him from over him, sliced low in anticipation of Vader landing where his blade would be. Instead, Vader used the Force to throw himself sideways while landing. 
	Koth hit Saesee Tiin in the knees; he struck Koth in the neck. 
	Vader rolled as he landed, but sprang back toward them as Mace Windu sprinted back to rejoin the duel. He screamed as Vader put the sputtering Koth and groaning Saesee Tiin out of their misery. 
	Mace attacked in a flurry of passionate, but disciplined swings. His purple blade became a blur as he pushed Vader back down the hall. Vader grinned at the challenge of fighting not only an expert duelist, but a former Grand Master. Now he finally had the chance to test himself, to show how far he had come against a true Jedi opponent. 
	The Jedi was impressive, constantly using un-orthodox attacks to keep Vader off balance. He was able to switch between dueling techniques and forms in the blink of an eye, trying any combination to breach Vader's defense. 
	When Vader unleashed his offensive, he didn't expect an opponent of this caliber to be intimidated or surprised by what he was capable of. 
	Mace Windu didn't disappoint. 
	He barely even blinked when the offensive onslaught now pushed him down to the other end of the hall. Vader's grin widened. The man was a machine, an incredible force to be reckoned with. The two men were evenly matched so that it almost came down to who would tire first. 
	"This is a challenge I can appreciate," Vader remarked. "Duelist against duelist in an epic struggle that will stand the test of time."
	"This isn't a game!" Mace shouted. "This isn't some test for you to gain a medal when you're done!"
	"I will be the greatest of all time," Vader growled. "Say it; say that I'm the greatest you've ever seen!"
	"Go to hell," Mace spat. "This isn't about getting the top score!"
	"I want to hear you say that I am the greatest you've ever seen," Vader growled and swung again and again and Mace's torso. 
	He blocked the blow and thrust out his hand. Vader was thrown into the air, landing nearly ten meters away. He picked himself up off the floor and charged again. 
	"SAY IT!" he shouted as he raised his saber. 
	Mace prepared his defense, but both he and Vader stopped when they heard angry shouts cascading down the hallway. Nearly a thousand citizens, non-Force users, were marching their way toward the duel. Some carried anti-Jedi signs; nearly all of them carried some type of weapon. 
	Both Mace and Vader thrust out their hand at the same time, trying to throw the other toward the mob. Vader poured his anger and his aggression into trying to fling the Jedi Master down the hall, but the man wasn't moving. 
	Mace actually grinned at him. "The dark side might have given you exceptional dueling abilities, but waving a sword around is not the true nature of the Force. Did you skip that lesson from your dark side master?"
	Vader began slipping; losing ground.
	"We tried to tell you to be patient, that true power came from your dedication and our teachings" Mace grunted from the effort. 
	Vader put one foot behind him, but couldn't gain traction. The mob was only seconds away. 
	"You chose flash over substance, seduction over gained effort, and ease over accomplishment," Mace thrust out a second hand. "You could have been truly great, perhaps even the greatest ever, but that can never happen as long as the Jedi liv..."
	Someone from within the mob had fired a shot that struck Jedi Master Mace Windu in the leg. He collapsed, putting both arms to the floor to stop his fall. Vader used the Force to leap to the next level and looked down on the scene as the mob reached the fallen man. 
	He never screamed in horror or pain. He never let fear take him. Mace just stared up at Darth Vader even as he was overwhelmed by a mass of bodies. 
	"Well then," Vader breathed heavily. "I'll just have to kill them all."

Chapter 20

	Smoke was rising from the Jedi Temple in several different areas. Like dark tentacles from Death itself, they stretched to the sky. Small "pops" could be heard, with fire spouting from the walls as explosions rocked the once hallowed ground. 
	"The end of an era," Colonel Adani muttered to himself. 
	Ever the student of history, having lived through most of it, he should have rejoiced at this sight. The end of the Jedi Order was part of his overall plan, but now the ashes that fluttered through the air were a reminder that everything he had worked for was also destroyed. 
	"Colonel!" his intercom screeched. "The entire planet is on lockdown!"
	"Yes, sergeant" he whispered sadly. "I'm aware."
	"The Holo-News Net is reporting that the Jedi attacked the protestors in an effort to kill Chancellor Palpatine!" the sergeant was nearly breathless. 
	Adani allowed himself a short chuckle. "Of course."
	"Should we mobilize the Legion?" the sergeant asked. 
	Another pop, another tendril of smoke, another twinge of regret for the ancient being. 
	"I could care less," Adani turned off the intercom. 
	Vader was beyond reasoning, beyond powerful, and beyond obsessed. How was it possible that he had slipped from Adani's grasp in such a short time? Painful planning, painstaking effort, and great care was taken by the man who had learned eternal patience. Every step had been measured down to the micron and every contingency had been taken into account. 
	Except for Vader himself. 
	The one serious miscalculation had been the subject he had chosen. The so-called "Chosen One" simply could not be restrained. Adani had given a spice addict the keys to the mines of Kessel. In doing so, Vader had become drunk on the dark side and in one, swift, decision, had cast Adani aside. 
	Instead of being used, Vader had turned the tables and used Adani to ascend to a legendary status. 
	Adani leaned against the window as people shrieked in agony below his barracks. A few Jedi ran through the streets, mercilessly cutting down anyone they found. He didn't even need to use the Force to know that Palpatine had unleashed a few clones he had in hiding to help further the panic against the hapless Jedi. 
	"One roll of the dice, and I lost everything," Adani's breath fogged up the glass. "My people, my past, my heritage, and my future all gone because I got played."
	Another pop, another burst of fire, but this time they were accompanied by a single tear from Colonel Adani, forever condemned to be only the commanding officer of the 501st Legion. 

---------------------------

	Palpatine smiled to himself as he walked toward his private transport with Grand Moff Tarkin at his side. Being able to wrap the dark side of the Force around him out in the open was as welcome as a warm bath. The fear and hatred the people had for the Jedi was so strong he could practically taste it. He inhaled deeply, breathing in the emotions that swayed the Force. 
	Throngs of people flocked toward him, but lines of soldiers dressed in white armor held them back. They were conscripts this time, men who were proud to serve the Republic for decades, not mindless clones that were disposable thanks to their shorter life span. 
	Tarkin had seen to it that Basic Republic Military Training included a full week of a new education program. These men would be fiercely loyal, regardless of the actions Palpatine took. In addition, their pride would spread when they went on leave or returned home for a short time. It would infect the people at home until the galaxy would eventually turn to Palpatine’s way of thinking. 
	“I should declare a holiday,” he thought out loud. His statement was almost entirely drowned out by the cheers from the mob even though Tarkin stood only a little behind him. 
	“An excellent idea,” Tarkin nodded. “Although it would best be done after all of the Jedi are dealt with. Then, only then, can we celebrate our victory.”
	Palpatine shot a glance at him. 
	“Your victory,” Tarkin corrected. 
	“Vader will deal with the Jedi soon enough, assuming the frenzied masses don’t do it for him. Were you aware that the Jedi Council ordered a raid on Coruscant themselves so that they might gain more military power?” Palpatine asked. 
	“I’d heard that rumor, but…” Tarkin’s voice trailed off as they neared his transport. 
	Palpatine chuckled. “I was surprised to hear that one myself, but it fits nicely into the new order.”
	“My Lord,” Tarkin bowed slightly. “The Jedi still pose a significant threat. Would it not be best to simply kill them all now and be done with it?”
	Palpatine waved, almost derisively, to the crowd. “It isn’t enough to kill them. Do that and others might rise to take their place. No, we have to go beyond that. Anyone who even shows potential with the Force must be shunned and shamed by the populace. We have to push the entire Force belief into the darkest corner of history.”
	“You believe that is possible?” Tarkin asked. “When you, yourself, are imbued with such power?”
	“My dear Wilhuff,” Palpatine smiled. “Give me enough time and I’ll have the people believing I’m a god in a galaxy that condemns all religion.”
	Tarkin stared into the crowd in thought. “You’re talking about undoing a thousand generations of belief. That’s damn near impossible to do. Is that why I’m going with you to Alderaan? To discuss how to make this impossibility come to life?”
	“You are here to make this look official and diplomatic,” Palpatine sneered. “Don’t ruin it by talking.”
	Vader approached them, his hair matted from the exertion at the Jedi Temple. 
	“Lord Vader, I trust your mission was a success?” Palpatine asked in his usual, jovial voice. 
	Vader glanced at Adani, who nodded back. “There are now no other loose ends to tie up.”
	“Splendid,” Palpatine grinned. “Now, there is the matter of your children.”
	Vader’s head snapped up. 
	“It seems we were unable to capture or kill all of the Jedi in the Temple. Master Yoda, in fact, escaped just prior to the attack, taking a few cowards with him,” he continued. 
	“What does this have to do with…?” Vader started. 
	“We tracked his ship, despite his efforts to evade our military, to Alderaan. What do you think he’s doing there?” Palpatine asked. 
	“You’re sure about this?” Vader’s hands clenched into fists. 
	“Quite sure,” Palpatine replied. “Yoda’s body, among others, was not among those we collected in the Jedi Temple. The lone craft was of Jedi design, ensuring that he was on-board. What other conclusion would you draw from this?”
	Vader sat silently for a moment. “I never thought the Jedi would deny me my children.”
	“They’re beyond desperate now,” Palpatine replied. “I believe you’ll find that desperate people do the most desperate things. Thank you, Wilhuff, that will be all.”
	Tarkin bowed again before walking away. 
	“Do you know what Yoda plans for them?” Vader asked. 
	“My boy,” Palpatine put an arm on his shoulder. “You don’t want to know the horrors I’m imagining. 


	Padme was dead. 
	A child was screaming. 
	Anakin was sobbing. 
	Vader tried sleeping away as much of the journey as possible, but recurring visions denied him his much needed rest. Besides being drained from the events covering the past twenty hours, something about Palpatine was just unsettling. He felt partially deceived by not realizing sooner just what he truly was, but he had come to peace with the idea that Palpatine was a master of deception. There was no shame to be found. 
	But something about the man didn’t sit right. 
	Every time he fell into the supposed bliss of sleep, Vader was haunted by the same nightmare. Padme was dead, a child was screaming, and his former self was sobbing uncontrollably. 
	He tried pacing, he tried medications, he even tried watching a wretched technical video featuring a balding Amorphiian, but nothing worked. Every time he drifted into unconsciousness, the nightmare returned just as vivid as ever. 
	Vader thought he might be more comfortable without the suit on. He pulled one glove off and reached for the other, but the skin on his exposed hand felt very cold. He tried flexing it, but his own skin felt almost alien to him. He stared at the five digits and his palm with a sense of loathing. 
	He couldn’t get the glove back on fast enough. 
	Knowing that sleep was beyond his reach, he left his cabin. The ship was larger than your standard shuttle, nearly one-third the size of a star-cruiser. However, Vader could barely feel any crewmen. Most that seemed to be near him scurried to another part of the ship as if to purposefully avoid him. 
	He tried to shake off the feeling of loneliness, but it clung to him as if it were a second cloak. 
	Instead, he just buried that feeling under the anger he felt. Anger at the Jedi for going after his children, anger at Padme for conspiring with them for so long, anger at Obi-Wan for his deceptions, anger at anyone and anything that might come between him and his children. 
	Anger that he might be too late. 


	Padme smiled softly as Obi-Wan began pacing for the third time. He had tried, unsuccessfully, to sit and be still, but the usually calm Jedi Master and longtime friend simply could not be at ease. 
	He wasn’t the only one, as the conference room at the Viceroy’s Planetary Mansion was now at “standing room only” capacity. In addition to both of the Organa’s, herself, and Obi-Wan, Mon Mothma had arrived, along with Jedi Master Shaak Ti, Rahm Kota, half a dozen other Jedi she hadn’t met before, and Garm Bel Iblis, a senator from Corellia, who was a late but welcome addition. The room was buzzing with many conversations being carried at once. 
	This was the meeting that Padme had dreaded having, but could no longer avoid. The Galactic Republic she loved for so long was now fatally injured and could not survive. Palpatine had been too clever, too cunning, and too ruthless. 
	Still, hope remained. 
	A hurried knock at the door quieted the room. The non-Force users had hands on their blasters, but Obi-Wan finally stopped pacing. 
	“He’s here,” he smiled, putting the others at ease. 
	The door opened and Master Yoda hobbled his way into the now silent room. Shaak Ti surrendered a chair which he climbed into. He nodded toward her in respect and laid his cane on the table. 
	“Master Yoda, I…” Bail Organa began, but Yoda waved him off. 
	“What’s done cannot be undone. Move forward, we must. Curious, I am, to hear Padme’s words,” Yoda replied. 
	As if on cue, all heads turned to her. Padme felt her face grow very hot, but managed to hold her composure by turning her thoughts to Luke and Leia. 
	“My friends, the Republic is in its death throes,” she said. “We cannot stop it, we cannot reverse it, we have failed to preserve it.”
	“I feel better already,” one of the younger Jedi mumbled. Rahm Kota shot him a glance. 
	“Yet there is a new hope on the horizon. For all of his power, for all of his aggression, for all of the guns he can point at us, hope cannot die,” Padme continued. 
	“We can fight on, and on, and on, until we take back what he stole from us. We can ensure that those who have died and those that will die in the future will not have wasted their lives,” she said. 
	“’…those that will die?” Mon Mothma spoke up. “You’re speaking of a Jedi Rebellion?”
	“No,” Padme put her hands out in front of her. “That would only be as a last resort. The Jedi have protected us for more years than we can count, but they cannot help us now. Any show of ‘Force’ from them would ruin any plan we create. They must remain in the shadows until we can shine the light of truth upon them once again.”
	“What, exactly, do you propose?” Mon Mothma asked. 
	Padme took a deep breath before continuing. 
	“We work within the very system he created because we still hold the best trump card in the entire Republic,” she replied. 
	Blank faces stared back at her. 
	"The Supreme Chancellor has term limits," Bail smiled. 
	“We are still senators with friends, allies, colleagues in the various political parties. We can expose the crimes committed, the freedoms restricted, and eventually, the people will come back to us. After all, he cannot remain Supreme Chancellor forever. His term will be over within one year and we will be rid of him through legal and political means,” she went on. 
	“Once his term is over, we can work to undo what he has done through the senate and the courts. The galactic economy will improve, food production will be increased, and commerce will flow through the planets once again. It’s hard for anyone to support Palpatine’s agenda when times are good again.”
	“Master Yoda and I will have to retreat to another location. We are magnets to Palpatine and to Vader and must remove ourselves for the good of others. My children will also be evacuated to a safe location, to avoid capture. When I return to Alderaan, we will begin more in-depth discussions. I have assurances from Bail Organa that the Viceroy’s Mansion can be used, albeit for a short time,” Padme nodded toward the Viceroy. 
	“You’re putting a lot of faith in infants,” Shaak Ti muttered. 
	“They are the new hope, there is no question,” Obi-Wan interjected. “I’ve spent enough time with them to know they will be powerful, if raised properly.”
	“Where will the children go?” Mon Mothma asked. 
	“I cannot say here,” Padme replied. “For security reasons.”
	Now Bail Organa looked at her. “You’re in a room in my own house, with allies you chose, with Jedi you trust, and you’re concerned about security?”
	“You have a daughter, you tell me,” Padme retorted. “With Elizarem’s life in your hands, would you do any less?”
	Bail opened his mouth, but closed it again.  
	Shaak Ti shifted uneasily in her seat. 
	“Are there any questions?” Padme’s heart was hammering in her chest. 
	“About the fate of the galaxy? Nah, but what about lunch?” Rahm Kota asked. 
	

	That night, thunder rumbled in the distance. Padme paced, holding Leia in her arms. The doctors assured her that Luke would be out of the chamber within a few hours and she would be able to hold him for the first time. 
The cool stone floor felt good on her bare feet. It was almost therapeutic after being in high heels for the first time in several months. 
	She wondered what else she would have to readjust to, post-pregnancy. 
	A soft knock preceded the flash of lightning outside her window. “You wanted to see us?” Obi-Wan asked. 
	Leia stirred for just a moment as she waved him inside. The Jedi Master and her closest friend entered with Master Yoda, and the Organas. These people were who consisted of her inner circle. She could trust all the others, but none more than these. 
	“I want to be brief as we all could use some rest for what is coming,” she said softly. “First, I love you all dearly. I cannot thank you enough for all that you have done and will do for us all. Before anything else, I want each of you to know how deep my love is for everyone here.”
	Yoda put a hand on her knee and smiled at her. 
	“Palpatine and Anak…Vader will be hunting for me and the children. None of us can be discovered. Because of my close connection to Vader, I will be the obvious target,” Padme said. 
	Obi-Wan cocked his head sideways. “He’s looking for you?” he asked. 
	“I have felt it,” Padme said sadly. “He knows I will be close to the children. He cannot feel them yet, but he will be drawn to me.”
	“Master Yoda and I are leaving immediately,” she said with an air of finality. “I’ll come back, but only after some time has passed to where I am not such a blatant target.”
	“Why not bring the children with you?” Obi-Wan asked. 
	Padme shook her head. “They will remain here, under the care of the best babysitters in the galaxy. Who better to watch over them than the Jedi and the Organas? My biggest concern is that you’ll spoil them rotten before we return.”
	“Where will you go?” Breha Organa asked. 
	“Once, in a great while, a retreat, I take,” Yoda said. “Cleanse the mind, I do. To Dagobah, I will take her.”
	“Dagobah?” Obi-Wan asked. “I don’t think I’ve ever heard of it.
	“Sadly, there are no elegant resorts there, but I hear the mud treatments are soothing,” Padme chuckled. 
	“Isolated, remote, what we need, it is,” Yoda smiled. “Found, we will not be.”
	"This is temporary?" Bail asked. "I don't mind watching the little ones, but not having a timeline or a schedule makes me uneasy."
	Padme put a hand on his shoulder and looked into his kind eyes. "I will come back for them. The safest thing I can do is get away from them until the connection between Vader and me fades."
	She turned to address them all. 
	"I don't have the power of the Force, I can't wield a lightsaber, I don't have the ear of fifty senators, I can't command a star fleet, I can't even sew a dress," she smiled. "But I can do this. I can offer up the ultimate defense for my family. This is what I will do because it is what I must do."
	Obi-Wan stood and nodded. "Then it is what will be done."
	"Must you take only Master Yoda?" Breha asked. "If Vader and Palpatine will come looking for you, surely more than one Jedi has to go with you. If you're discovered, you'll need additional protection. No offense, of course."
	Yoda smiled at her. "The more Jedi we bring, the greater the disturbance in the Force, and greater the chance of discovery. A necessary risk, to go alone, it will be."
	"Then I suppose this is goodbye," Obi-Wan offered his hand. 
	Wordlessly, she took the hand of the man she once considered to be impartial to her cause, above emotion, and just another man who would dismiss her because of her gender. 
	She pulled him in close and embraced him. 
	"I'd like to speak with Breha for a moment longer, if that's all right," Padme broke the embrace. 
	"Wait for you in the landing bay, I will," Yoda said as he hobbled out of the room. 
	Bail embraced her before leaving, tears streaming down his crestfallen face. "You are forever part of my family; a Queen of Alderaan herself."
	The door closed and the two mothers were left alone. A flash of lightning lit up the room for a few heartbeats before the rumble of thunder shook the windows. 
	"I hope I'm doing the right thing," Padme confessed. 
	"Does it feel right?" Breha rocked Elizarem back and forth in her arms. 
	"It feels necessary. But I haven't even held Luke in my arms, how can I leave them now?" A tear rolled down Padme's face. "I've never known my son."
	"You will," Breha said softly. "When you return to us."
	Padme stared out the window as the rain began to fall. "I don't think I'll be returning."
	"Let's not talk like that," Breha stood next to her. "Your plan is solid, you have the best Jedi going with you, and this planet sounds like no one has ever even heard of it before. You'll be fine."
	Padme continued to stare out the window even as the rain increased. "There's one thing I want to do before I leave."
	She put Leia down in her crib, brushing a finger against her tiny face. Padme unchained the wedding bracelet Anakin, her Anakin, had given her. 
	"I'd be honored if Elizarem would wear this, as a parting gift," she offered. 
	"Padme, I couldn't possibly..." Breha started, but Padme held up a finger. 
	"Please," she put the bracelet around the baby's neck as it was too large for her wrist. "You can think of it as a loan until I come back, but I would like for her to remember her aunt Padme."
	Breha smiled as Elizarem fussed over the added weight. "She'll have it as long as she lives."
	Another soft knock at the door caught their attention.
	"I'm sorry," Shaak Ti came in and stood next to Padme. "I was told Master Kenobi was in here?"
	"He just left a few minutes ago," Breha replied. "You must have just missed him."
	Shaak Ti eyed Elizarem curiously. 
	"Never seen an infant before?" Breha asked. 
	"Not this young, no," Shaak Ti's gaze never wavered away from the baby. "What is it like, being the mother of a child?"
	Breha smiled. "It's like nothing I could have prepared for. This little one is a true miracle of life. I'll never stop loving her, I'll never stop caring for her, and I'm sure she'll never stop bringing me absolute joy."
	Leia coughed and spit up some fluid onto Padme's blouse. 
	"On the other hand," Padme laughed. "Hold her a minute, will you?"
	"What?" Shaak Ti asked. 
	"I have a cloth over here, just hang on to Leia for a moment, please," Padme passed the baby to Shaak Ti. 
	The female Jedi held Leia at arm's length, unsure as to what she should do next. Leia coughed again, causing Shaak Ti to wince. She feared the worst, but nothing else came from the child. The Jedi stared at the baby. She was indeed nothing like she had ever expected. The tiny infant smiled at her for the briefest of moments before beginning to cry.
	"Oh," Padme returned with a small white cloth. "You aren't holding her right. She likes to be held like this."
	Padme pulled Leia into Shaak Ti's arms, close to her chest. She turned Leia sideways so that the baby was laying in Shaak Ti's arms, nestled into her chest. 
	Amazingly enough, Leia stopped crying. 
	"You might have made a great mother," Padme remarked as she wiped Leia's mouth and chin with the cloth. "I think she likes you."
	Shaak Ti began rocking Leia back and forth; mimicking the motions Breha was doing with Elizarem. 
	It felt so natural. 

-------------------------------

	Shaak Ti wandered the vast mansion. She tried to meditate outside, but the approaching storm dictated her location for her. She tried sleeping, but her mind was racing with a thousand new thoughts and ideas she had rarely entertained before. 
	She pulled at her lekku nervously as she walked an empty hallway. It was the dead of night and not a soul was with her. The lightning cast eerie shadows on the walls; each one was a vision that was already running through her troubled mind. 
	Padme Amidala was an extraordinary human. She had known love and loss on a tremendous scale and was now tasked with helping to rebuild the galaxy. The stress rarely showed, but Shaak Ti could feel it. The only time she was truly happy was when she held Leia. 
	Breha Organa was very similar. She had suffered four miscarriages, was ready to give up on ever having a child, and was now herself a mother. She was playing hostess to so many people, all while trying to help run a planet. The only time she was truly happy was when she held Elizarem. 
	Shaak Ti fidgeted with her lekku as her feet glided down the hall. The memory of how she felt when she also once held a child during the food riot was fresh in her mind. 
	She nearly collided with a woman pushing a cart. Her mind was not centered on the Force and so she barely even noticed that anyone was coming. 
	“Easy there!” she called out. “If this thing tips over it will take me an hour to get it straight again.”
	“I’m so sorry,” Shaak Ti sputtered. “I had no idea you were there.”
	“At this time of night, I don’t blame you,” she chuckled. “Barely anyone is awake to see me. Now half the house is bustlin’ about.”
	“It don’t make my job any easier,” she winked. 
	“What is your duty here?” Shaak Ti asked more defensively than she meant to.
	“Someone has to clean up around here,” the lady muttered. 
	“But, there are droids for that sort of thing,” Shaak Ti replied. 
	She blew a tuft of hair out of her face. “Sure, the Viceroy got himself damn near a dozen of those things. But I been cleanin’ here since I was a teen, my momma did that before me and her momma before. The Viceroy wasn’t about to break up the family business.”
	“And you…you have a daughter?” Shaak Ti tugged a little harder on her lekku. 
	“Shoot, I got four little ones. Just one girl though. Yup, but she’s too young to be doin’ this sort of work. One day she’ll follow momma around, but not for a while,” she smiled at the Jedi. 
	“M…may I ask?” Shaak Ti’s heart pounded. “What is it like?”
	The woman raised an eyebrow. “Ain’t nothin’ to it. You mop, you dust, you make sure the place looks pretty for the family.”
	“No,” Shaak Ti’s voice caught in her throat. “Having a child, being a mother, what is it like?”
	The woman stopped pushing her cart and ran a hand through her tangled hair. “Well,” she paused. 
	Shaak Ti could barely breathe, her hands trembled as they pulled on the lekku. Her silence lasted nearly eternity. 
	“Well, those little ones drive me nuts. They pull at me like nothin’ else. I tell ya, I hear ‘momma’ damn near a hundred times a minute. Everyone wants a piece of momma all the time. Work is pretty near the only time I can get some quiet for myself,” she chuckled. 
	“Then why…” Shaak Ti began. 
	“Because it’s also the best damn thing I’ve ever done with my life,” she smiled. “I ain’t a Jedi, I ain’t a war hero, I’m just a cleaning lady, but I’m also their momma. When they look up at me? When I see them sleepin’? When I hear them giggle or do something new for the first time? Ain’t nothin’ like it, not in the whole damn galaxy.”
	Shaak Ti’s heart nearly jumped through her chest. 
	“Yup,” she put both hands on the cart. “Best thing anyone could ever do.”
	Shaak Ti watched her push the cart down the hallway. She paused near a table and began dusting, but Shaak Ti never saw it. She ran, ran as fast as her feet would carry her, ran until she was out of breath, ran until her legs gave out, ran until she stumbled and fell. 
	She was sobbing as she slumped against a wall, tears streaming down her face. 	


Palpatine’s eyes were half-closed. He could feel the Jedi’s angst; breathe it in, even in the vastness of space. He had barely bothered to notice Shaak Ti while on Coruscant. She sat on the Jedi Council, but she seemed to be almost an afterthought. She played no significant role, fought in no serious campaigns, and held no lofty title other than Jedi Master. She was insignificant. 
	Now, she was incredibly important to everything he wanted. 
	Palpatine had taken great pride in being able to sense Force users, even from across sectors. It helped him find Darth Maul, helped him learn about Anakin, and helped him keep tabs on which Jedi was on Coruscant at any given time. 
Within the past several hours, Master Yoda had all but vanished from Palpatine’s sight. 
All of his focus, all of his determination, everything Palpatine could muster from the dark side of the Force and the best he could feel was the whisper of an echo. Yoda had left Alderaan, there was no doubt about that. But where had he gone? The galaxy was Yoda’s playground now and Palpatine was frustrated as never before. 
But this Jedi’s plight intrigued him. 
 “Young Jedi,” he muttered. “So naïve, so easily manipulated. Like trained rancors, you will answer to my every command.”

Chapter 21

	Padme tried not to wrinkle her nose for the fourth time but couldn’t resist. Dagobah was just as muddy, just as humid, and just as insect-filled as she was led to believe. She didn’t want to offend her caretaker and guardian, but nothing he had mentioned could have fully prepared her for this marsh infested ball of filth. 
	Within minutes of them landing, her pants and hair were spattered with mud, one of her shoes had torn, her hands were smeared with dirt, and streaks of muck ran down her cheeks. It was the single most inhospitable planet she had ever been on.  
	Master Yoda looked as though he had sunk into a hot bath. 
	“My apologies,” he offered as he sat on a nearby log. “Not very welcoming for others, I suppose.”
	“Well I suppose,” Padme scraped mud out of her fingernails. “That was the point of coming here to begin with.”
	He chuckled in response. 
	“I’ll adjust as best I can,” Padme sounded more determined than she felt. “At least I can sleep in the ship and not truly ‘rough it’ under the stars.”
	“Safer, it is,” Yoda nodded. “Your safety, above all else, matters most.”
	“I doubt that,” Padme pulled a string of mud out of her hair. “You’re a Jedi Master, the Grand Master of all Jedi. I feel guilty enough dragging you here.”
	“Rarely dragged, am I,” Yoda replied. “I’m sure it was I who brought you here, not the other way around.”
	“But with the galaxy in so much danger…” Padme began. 
	Yoda shook his head. “Lost, nearly everything is. But, endings are the way of life, the way of the Force. All life ends, and with its ending brings new beginnings.”
	“The loss of one life, sure,” Padme said. “But we’re talking about thousands of Jedi, millions of citizens, all ending at once. The Jedi Order stood for a thousand generations and now it is crashing down around our ears.”
	“Know you of the Sith Empire?” Yoda asked. 
	Padme shook her head, but the word “Sith” made her shiver despite the heat. 
	“Nearly seven thousand years ago, it was founded,” Yoda said. “Powerful Sith ruled without mercy, their numbers great. Ravaged the galaxy, the war did, for millennia. History is rich with names who fought on both sides; names even non-Jedi know.”
	“Darkness reigned for too many lifetimes, but end the empire did. Began slowly, faded quickly. All things end so that something new can begin,” Yoda sighed. “Even our Order would fall into the balance of the Force.”
	“And we have to suffer for it?” Padme swatted something buzzing at her ear. 
	“Other Sith Empires rose,” Yoda continued. “Fell too, did they.”
	“So shall this one, in time,” he closed his eyes and exhaled slowly. 
	A long series of moments passed. Padme closed her eyes as well. Coming from his point of view, what was happening made perfect sense. The scales tip, the wheel must turn, and the balance of power must shift from time to time. In order for the day to come, night must rule a planet, but only for a time. 
	When she opened her eyes, Yoda was off the log and looking skyward. The look of dire concern on his face shocked Padme. Never before had she seen the Jedi Master look so worried, so tense; as if Death itself were about to rain down upon them. 
	“It can’t be…” she put a hand to her chest. 
	Yoda nodded. “Found, we have been.”
	“But we just got here!” Padme cried. “How is it possible for them to find us within a few hours?”
	Yoda looked down to meet her eyes. “Betrayed, we have been.”
	Tears ran down Padme’s face. “But who…?”
	Yoda shook his head. “Knowing who it was will not change anything. Hide from here. Safe from Vader’s vision, you might be, if the connection has weakened.”
	“But what about you?” Padme asked. 
	“Deal with Palpatine, I must,” he replied. “Go, run, find shelter and stay out of sight.”
	Padme took four hurried steps before she slid to a halt in some mud. “Master Yoda!” she called out over the whine of a shuttle’s engines. If he heard her, he showed no indication. 
	“May the Force be with you,” she whispered before making a mad dash toward a nearby ravine. 
	Every branch seemed to reach out and snag her pants, every root found her foot. Padme gagged as she ran headlong into a swarm of small white flies. Finally, her balance gave out and she fell sideways into a puddle. Sputtering, she wiped some swamp water from her eyes. When her vision had cleared, she saw her salvation off to her left. 
	Padme half ran, half crawled, into a nearby cave. 


	"Master Yoda, what should we discuss?" Darth Sidious cackled. "I don't believe we hammered out the agenda for our meeting."
	He descended the ramp out of the shuttle supremely confident. Darth Vader was just behind him, flexing his hands inside his gloves. This young man was incredibly powerful as a duelist and that would prove most useful at this time. Together, the Grand Master of the Jedi Order would be slain in short order. 
	"Where is Padme?" Vader asked. He moved to the left while Sidious moved to the right.  
	"Safe, your wife is," Yoda emphasized the title Padme had taken upon their marriage. "Safe, your wife will remain. Surely that's what you want?"
	"I'll decide what is best, not you," he sneered. "Padme knows where my children are."
	"Eager to see you, your wife is," Yoda kept his attention fixed on Vader. "But not like this. The helmet, the  armor, remove it you will, so your wife may recognize you."
	Vader paused. He looked down at his hands for the briefest of moments. 
	"Love you, she does," Yoda smiled kindly at him. "As we all do. Compassion runs deep within her, as I sense it does in you as well."
	Sidious smiled. That runt certainly knew how to play a good hand. He was as wise as he was powerful. This was a match-up that he hadn't been looking forward to. There were fifty different ways he could protect himself in the political arena. Here? One misstep meant his death. 
	"She loves you so much that she would deny you your children?" he asked. "Deny you your family? That's not what love is, that's kidnapping. Lord Vader, what happens to those that keep children from their father?"
	Vader's face turned hard; his hand reached for the lightsaber attached to his belt. 
	Yoda leaned a little more on his cane. Sidious could read the game he was playing. This opponent was a true master simply because he recognized the game had multiple levels. Most idiots he dealt with could only see one level, but Yoda and Sidious knew far more. They could see far deeper into the Force than anyone else. 
	His heart began racing. 
	"Stop you, I won't," Yoda said. "Find your wife, you may. Be happy together, hold her again."
	Sidious's eyes widened. "Vader, you will remain here!"
	Vader stood rooted on the spot. His eyes lingered on some far off point of swamp, but his hand gripped his lightsaber. A bead of sweat dripped down the side of his face, unrelated to the heat.
	“Once we kill Yoda, we can locate Padme together. Be patient!” Sidious called out. 
	Vader stared at the ground for a moment before turning to look at them both. “The Jedi preach patience and look where that got me,” he muttered through gritted teeth. “I’ve been patient long enough. This is my time now.”
	Without another word, he sloshed his way down a ravine. 
	Sidious cursed under his breath.
	“What a loyal apprentice you found,” Yoda actually chuckled at him. 
	Sidious clenched his hands into fists. 
	“Run now, you should, back to Coruscant,” he said. “Dangerous to remain, it is.”
	Darth Sidious threw out his hands. “I’ll show you danger!” 
	Wild arcs of blue lightning shot out of Sidious’s hands and toward Yoda. Sidious poured his hatred for the little man into the effort, propelling the lightning out with incredible power. 
	Yoda closed his eyes. 
	The lightning wrapped itself around Yoda. Blue arcs of energy shot around his body from head to foot, but the Jedi Master didn’t flinch. Most people would be howling in pain by now, but other than showing a little strain, the little man remained impassive. 
	Sidious stopped directing the energy toward him; his hands dropping to his sides. 
	Yoda redirected every drop of the dark side energy into his cane. Sidious gritted his teeth as everything he poured into the wretched Jedi now glowed into a piece of gnarled wood no taller than his leg below the knee. 
	Yoda tapped the cane on the swampy ground. The energy shot out of the cane and into the ground, dispersing in a wide circle. 
	“Strong you are in the dark side,” Yoda wiped some sweat from his brow. “But the dark side is a weak source of power. Only those who believe that true power lies in pain and suffering follow those teachings.”
	A growl rose from Sidious’s throat. He fired more electricity at Yoda, with more rage and anger that this pathetic being would stand there and mock him. This time, Yoda had to brace himself and take a step backwards, but the result was the same.  
	This time, Darth Sidious reached out through the Force and attempted to choke Yoda as he had done countless other beings. Yoda rose off the ground only slightly, cocked his head sideways, and swatted the effort away. 
	“He’ll kill her,” Sidious said. “You know this to be true. When Vader finds Padme, he will murder her.”
	Yoda shook his head. “A grave error that would be. Learn nothing, he will.”
	Darth Sidious reached out through the Force and hurled tree branches at Yoda. Surprisingly, the man dropped his cane, and began leaping from one to the other. With amazing agility, he was able to move past them all without being touched. 
	The next burst of lightning caught him in mid-air and Sidious grinned as Yoda sailed through the air, landing in a puddle. Sidious walked over to him as he stood back on his feet.  
	“I am not here for a lesson, I am not here to listen to your platitudes, but I am here for blood and to secure my rule in the galaxy. I have destroyed your precious Order and now, I will destroy you,” he growled. 
	Yoda brushed himself off and looked up at Sidious. “Try, you will. Fail, you will.”
	Darth Sidious cackled as his fingers reached for the Jedi once more. 


	Breathe. 
	Just breathe. 
	In a matter of minutes, Padme had gone from being in the sweltering heat, to seeing her breath in the cold air in front of her. This cave felt off to her, but then again the entire planet felt off as though it just wasn’t real to her. 
	She clung to a jagged wall, her chest heaving half from the exertion of getting here and half from the outright fear she felt. The darkness was settling in, making it difficult to see, but her ears heard the same unmistakable sound. 
	Vader was coming. 
	She shut her eyes tightly, hoping beyond hope that he would pass the cave by. Silently praying to whoever might listen that enough time had passed to allow the connection between her and her former husband to weaken. 
	The sound of boots scraping against a tree reached her ears. 
	Breathe. Keep breathing. 
	“Padme Amidala,” a rough voice called from the mouth of the cave. “You can come out if you want, or I can come in there. Running won’t make a difference so I suggest you make up your mind.”
	She stayed quiet. This might be a bluff to get her to reveal her location. 
	A flash of red illuminated the area not in front of her, but from behind. She squealed in alarm, stumbling forward and only barely catching herself from falling over completely. 
	Vader had been behind her the entire time but looked at her in surprise. He had been searching a different part of the cave. The connection had indeed weakened, but not enough. 
	“Where are they?” he asked. 
	“You can’t have them,” she tried to sound brave. 
	He closed the gap between them in large strides until he loomed over him. In the darkness, with the red light of his saber showing his face, he was positively frightening. Padme’s breath caught in her throat at the mere sight of him. 
	His face was twisted and distorted with unceasing anger. In order to appear this way, he had to succumb to hatred of nearly everything he once loved, including her. The kindness she once saw and loved was replaced by rage and a single-minded focus. 
	“You will tell me where my children are,” he said. 
	“Our children,” she corrected. “I did give birth to them, after all.”
	“Don’t get cute with me!” he snapped.
	“Or what?” she stood up and faced him. She remembered standing up to him before, but only to kiss or embrace him. 
	“I don’t want to kill you,” he growled. “But I will do whatever it takes to raise my children.”
	“Whatever happened to the man who wanted to be the greatest Jedi ever? Who had dreams of a better galaxy? Who was going to change everything?” she asked. 
	“I have changed everything!” he raged. “I am greater than any Jedi could ever hope to be! Even better, I have helped to ensure that I will be the greatest Force-user to ever grace the galaxy with my presence!”
	“You can’t possibly know that. There will always be…” she began. 
	“Not if I kill everyone. No one can ever supplant me if they don’t live long enough to test me,” he said in a voice too soft to have that much venom behind it. “It’s the perfect way. I will kill everyone who dares even consider challenging me.”
	“That’s insane,” her voice trailed off. 
	“Every vision I’ve ever had warned me that there would always be someone else; someone who could surpass my accomplishments. Now? Now I have ensured that no one ever will,” he actually grinned at the idea. 
	“And what about your son? What if he shows potential, real potential, to show up his old man? Or, heaven forbid, your daughter would…” Padme began. 
	Vader slapped her. 
	Padme’s head shot to one side, the sting of his glove hot on her face, but she didn’t fall. She turned to look back at him and glared. 
	Without moving a muscle, Vader pushed her against a wall. She collided with the jagged cave wall with a loud thud. Padme cried out from the pain of the jagged rocks pressing into her. 
	“You don’t know this, but I saved a lot of lives once,” Vader mused. “A lot of Jedi lives. I had Aiya Rios in a very similar position. She didn’t want to talk then, but I persuaded her to be more forthcoming. In fact, she looked a lot like you do now.”
	Padme’s eyes widened. 
	“I had to break her leg fourteen times, I believe,” he smirked. “I wonder how many times it will take with you.”
	“Anakin…” tears welled in her eyes. “Please, don’t do this.”
	“I won’t,” he promised. “If you only tell me where they are.”
	Padme stared at the ceiling for a moment before looking back at him. This time, she actually smiled. It was a warm, genuine smile that came with the realization that had just struck her. 
	“You’re not evil,” she said. “There is good in you after all.”
	“What?” Vader blinked hard. “You dare say this to the man who is about to torture you?”
	“You won’t do that,” she replied. “You love me, you love our children, you won’t abuse me.”
	Vader quickly approached her, his fist raised high, but he hesitated. 
	Padme didn’t blink. 
	“There is still some good in you,” Padme whispered. She was absolutely elated at the prospect that Anakin was still there, hiding underneath that armor. 
	“Let us help you. We can still undo all of this if you’ll allow us to help you,” his grip on her weakened to the point where she could stroke his cheek. 
	Vader stared at the floor of the cave. 
	“The man I love is still there; the love is still there. Anakin, for all our sakes, please!” Padme began weeping without control. “Please Anakin, embrace the love we share, the compassion we have, not the hate you feel. Come back to me, come back to us!”
	“What if I can’t?” Vader whispered. 
	“We can all help you,” Padme cried. “Me, Yoda, Obi-Wan, the children, we’ll even bring in Owen from Tatooine if that will help. It doesn’t matter what we have to do, I love you!”
	“Padme,” he whispered. “I want to; all I ever wanted was to be with my family in the goodness of the light. It will be so hard for me, but I can fight this, I know I can! I just need my family around me. If I can have my family, then I’ll have the strength I need.”
	She collapsed into his arms, sobbing. Anakin was there after all and he was in pain. But it was a pain that only love of a family could heal. 
	“Help Yoda,” she wiped tears away from her eyes and headed toward the cave entrance. “Together, right now, this minute, we can save the galaxy from Palpatine’s terrors. Then we’ll go back to Alderaan and be a true family for the first time.”
	It was over with one blow. 
	Vader’s lightsaber pierced her back and protruded out her chest. Without a word, Vader stepped over her as she lay dying on the cave floor, gasping for the air her lungs could never hold. 
	As her heart slowed, one final tear hit the rocky floor. 
	
Chapter 22

	Darth Sidious’s frustrations had reached an entirely new high. He had spent nearly the entire battle on the offense, using various techniques, but to no avail. Yoda had either dodged, deflected, or absorbed everything thrown at him. 
	Only once had Yoda attacked. Sidious had tried using the Force to push Yoda into a nearby lake, hoping to drown him. Instead, Yoda pushed back with such force that Sidious slammed into a nearby tree. The trunk splintered and the mighty piece of Dagobah leaned dangerously to one side.  
	“Weary, you look,” Yoda observed. 
	“I’ll put you in your grave!” Sidious hissed, sending more lightning at Yoda, who merely deflected it. 
	But he knew Yoda was right. He had never expended this much energy before, not even when he fought his master in his younger days. How was it possible for Yoda to be this powerful in the Force? Sidious had full command of the dark side like no other being, but Yoda clearly had the upper hand. 
	Sidious closed his eyes and concentrated. The ground on his left and right side began shaking. Two dark circles appeared in the air and began distorting their shapes. Sweat dripped off of his forehead as Sidious clapped his hands together. 
	The shapes became two phantasms. Shapeless, dark voids, the embodiments of the dark side itself, phantasms were particularly difficult to conjure. Sidious rested his hands on his knees and was gasping for air once he was done creating them. Their gaping maws screamed as they soared through the air toward Master Yoda. 
	He leapt over one, but the second one struck him with a dark tendril that extended from its body. The master grunted as he hit the ground awkwardly on his side. 
	“Finish him!” Sidious shrieked. 
	The two dark shapes converged on Yoda until they merged into one demon, smothering him in a darkness blacker than space itself. Sidious pumped his fist into the air as they swallowed Yoda whole. 
	A beam of light, small, nearly the thickness of a hair, shot from the phantasm. It screamed in fury as the ray of light widened until Yoda leapt through it, landing on the ground in front of Sidious’s creation. He raised his hands and the beam became brighter than a nova. Sidious shielded his eyes, and then eventually had to turn away entirely. 
	When he looked back, the phantasm was gone, but Yoda remained. 
	“Fear leads to the dark side,” Yoda said. “Appropriate, that it is within you now.”
	“I’ve never known the word ‘fear’ when dealing with a Jedi!” Sidious growled. 
	“Perhaps,” Yoda smiled. “But in your eyes, it is now.”
	Sidious’s snarl turned into a smile when he saw Darth Vader approaching from the undergrowth. “You have been clever, but that will not save you against two Sith Lords.”
	Yoda backed against a tree as Vader joined his master. 
“My work here is done,” Vader said.
	Yoda’s eyes widened in horror before he shook his head sadly. 
	“I am not the one who has failed here, it is you!” Sidious cackled. “Now, we shall finish you and deprive you of your misery!”
	Vader turned to look at Sidious and took a step backwards in surprise, then another even further back in revulsion at what he saw. 
	“What…?” Sidious began, but Vader’s eyes were locked on his face. Sidious scrambled toward the lake and swatted away the scummy surface to find some clear water. 
	The reflection was frightening. 
	Palpatine’s expenditure of energy had cost him far more than he had anticipated. His face was wrinkled and sallow, all color having been drained from it. His eyes were a shocking color of yellow that made him look more dead than alive. 
	Using the dark side would wreak consequences on the body, but he had never expected something like this. For years, he had been forced to suppress his darker self for fear of being discovered. Now, he had unleashed far too much for far too little reward. 
	A scream erupted from Sidious’s lips that rang through the trees. 
	“I am through with you!” he stood up and faced Yoda. “Vader, kill him!”
	Vader’s lightsaber ignited and he charged the small opponent. Yoda blinked once, and then waved his hand. Vader flew through the air, crashing through a tree before tumbling to the ground in a heap. 
	Sidious groaned in frustration and let loose another burst of lightning that was as useless as the ones before. Vader picked himself up off the ground and shook his head. 
	Sidious stood behind Yoda, while Vader moved in front, his lightsaber raised in defiance. Yoda stood between them, arms raised, his face grim and set. Knowing that Padme was dead, he had nothing to lose now, while Sidious had virtually nothing to gain. 
	He glanced at Yoda’s nearby ship. 
	“Wait!” he ordered Vader. “Perhaps we can do a little better than killing him after all.”
	He raised his arms, but instead of pointing them at Yoda, he pointed them at his ship. Sidious poured forth an extraordinary amount of energy, tapping into his frustration and rage at this stalemate. 
	Yoda’s ship exploded and then crumpled under the broken superstructure. 
	“We’re leaving,” Sidious said between breaths. “He can have this soggy ball of mud to himself to contemplate his numerous failures until he rots.”
	“What if he is rescued by another Jedi?” Vader asked. 
	“There won’t be anyone left to remember this filth,” Sidious hissed. 
	Vader nodded and closed his lightsaber. Together, they walked back toward their own ship. Sidious grinned at the brilliance of his sudden change of plan. There was simply too much risk to squash a bug like this. 
	“A coward’s way, you are taking,” Yoda taunted. 
	“A coward who will live to rule the galaxy,” Sidious shot back. 
	They were nearly to the ship’s ramp when Sidious saw one of his officers pointing and screaming from the cockpit window. He and Vader both turned to see a sight that took their breaths away. 
	Yoda had taken the tree that Vader had crashed through earlier. The enormous trunk was hovering in the air as he tried to get control over the thirty meter weapon. Moss fell to the ground as the log began turning on its axis. Yoda spun his hands, his face contorted from the effort. 
	“If leave, I cannot,” he grunted. “Then leave, we cannot.”
	Yoda thrust out his hands and the log began sailing toward the ship. If the tree struck the ship, there was no question that they would all be marooned together.  
	Sidious thrust out his hands, using every ounce of his being to stop the object in mid-air. Breathing heavily from the effort, he was stunned to see that the tree began moving toward the ship once again. It was slow, but was eventually building speed. 
	“Vader! Stop him!” he shouted. 
	Propelled by the speed of the Force, Vader sprinted toward Yoda, lightsaber raised to strike in a flash of anger. Yoda nimbly dodged his attack, but the tree came to a halt. Sidious grunted, sweat pouring down his face, as he was able to push the tree back toward Yoda. 
	Yoda thrust his hands out again and the tree continued its journey back toward the ship. Vader charged again, Yoda dodged again, but this time he diverted some of the Force to knock Vader to the ground back near the ship. 
	Sidious waved his hands to the left and the tree followed suit. Yoda was unable to stop the tree’s momentum as it collided with the lake and began to sink. 
	Vader picked himself up, scowling at Yoda. “You little bug…” he growled. 
	Sidious held up a hand. “He can’t take us both and he knows it all too well. If he tries that again, we’ll kill him. Come Vader, we’re done here.”
	Vader threw one last look of anger back at Yoda before following Sidious up the ramp. 
	“He could hold us here,” Vader wiped some mud off of his cloak. 
	“It is impossible for him to keep us here indefinitely. Even Master Yoda would have to sleep at some point.” Sidious smiled as the ship began pulling away from the surface. “See, Lord Vader? He knows he is beaten.”
	Vader nodded, only half paying attention. As the ship left the planet’s atmosphere, his thoughts turned to Alderaan. 
	

	It was only through sheer faithfulness to the Jedi Order that Obi-Wan was still able to meditate. While it was true that many of the events that led to this moment were beyond his control, it was still his padawan that had helped ensure so much destruction. 
	No, Anakin had grown beyond that. He had become a good friend. 
	For years they had fought together, served together, and shared together. Obi-Wan had helped introduce Anakin and Padme to each other, was the Best Man at their wedding, and had trained him through his time at the Jedi Temple. 
	"Master Kenobi?" a distant voice called. 
	There were various disturbances he could feel through the Force from across the galaxy. Supposedly, he was more sensitive to events in the Force than most other Jedi, but he hadn't the time to develop this talent as much as he wanted to. Right now, he felt pain, suffering, and torment from thousands of his brethren. 
	But one was singing clearer to him than anything else. 
	"Master Kenobi? Can I have a word?" the voice asked. 
	Master Yoda was in anguish. Something horrific had happened, but he couldn't tell what it was. Did something go wrong with their ship? Did Padme fall ill while on Dagobah? Something serious had befallen them, but what to do? Leaving Alderaan was tempting, but there was too much that was now unknown. There were a dozen Jedi here now, with nearly forty more on the way. He and Bail Organa would have to organize matters here until Padme and Yoda could return. 
	"Master Kenobi!" Shaak Ti was now shaking him by the shoulders.
	"Huh? What? The beard looks fine!" he shook his head quickly. 
	She frowned at him. 
	"S...sorry," he rubbed his eyes. "You know there are some meditations that maybe go too deep."
	She sat next to him and he was stunned to see her in this condition. 
	Jedi Master Shaak Ti had always been light-hearted and kind. In fact, even during the deepest of crises, she was the first to flash a smile, tell a joke, or lighten the mood of others around her. It was a gift she possessed to find the silver lining in the darkest of clouds. 
	Her lekku had frayed and were bleeding from her picking at them. There were enormous bags under her eyes, which were red and raw from crying. She hardly looked like the shining light of the council. Now she looked like a shell of her former self. 
	"By the Force, what happened?" he asked. 
	She sat next to him, but said nothing. 
	"Is it the stress? I know these times are trying, but we have to be at our best," he said. 
	She shook her head. "I've come to say goodbye."
	"Goodbye?" he asked. "What are you talking about?"
	She stared off into the distance. The sky was beginning to warm with various sunrise colors, signaling the coming dawn. 
	"I've always known I was meant for something wonderful," she said. "And now I have finally realized my destiny."
	"You're not making sense," he turned to stare at her.  
	Her hand reached out as if to touch the rising sun. "Breha has had a child and is so happy. Padme had twins and was truly the happiest she has ever been. I too, will be with child one day."
	"That's not the Jedi way," Obi-Wan shook his head. 
	"There are no more Jedi," she mumbled. "The Order is dead."
	"Times are bleak, I agree," Obi-Wan said. "But you heard the plans we have set in motion. Other Jedi will assemble here. Yoda and Padme will return from Dagobah one day. Once Chancellor Palpatine's term expires..."
	"You're wrong," Shaak Ti stared into the rising sun without blinking. 
	Obi-Wan stood up, but said nothing. 
	"Padme and Yoda will not return," she said in a voice as dead as her eyes. 
	"You can't know that," he whispered. 
	"Yes...I can," she said slowly. "Because I helped make it happen."
	Obi-Wan's mouth fell open. "What did you do?"
	Shaak Ti never looked up at him. She dropped her arm limply to her side and continued to stare, slack-jawed, at the sun that had peeked over the mountains on the horizon. 
	"I'm cold," she mumbled at last. 
	"Do you need a blanket?" he asked. 
	"Cold, on the inside," she corrected. "The sun brings me no warmth. It is just a cold, pale orb in the sky to me. How odd, how odd that I should see it, but not feel the warmth again. I have to grow the warmth again. A child will do that, I know it will."
	Obi-Wan pulled her up abruptly and held her by the shoulders. Her head rocked back and forth as if no neck muscles existed within her at all. The color had drained from her face, her eyes rolled back into her head. 
	"What have you done?" he asked. 
	An aide from the Viceroy's office rushed up to them, almost breathless. His eyes held the news his voice quivered to say. 
	"Viceroy Organa needs you in the conference room immediately," he put a hand to his chest. 
	"What happened?" Obi-Wan asked. 
	"We've received word from Interstellar Transport Authorities," he said. "The Chancellor will be landing soon. He's coming here, I mean, he's landing right here!"
	"So cold," Shaak Ti muttered. 
	Obi-Wan dropped her and sprinted down the hallway with all the power the Force could muster. 
	"But he promised me that I'd be warm soon. He promised me, he promised me..." her voice trailed off. 

--------------------------

	"What's going on?" Obi-Wan asked as he entered the conference room. 
	"Where the hell have you been?" Bail Organa asked. 
	The conference room was vastly different than it was before. A number of computers had been moved in, with technicians, aides, and administrative officials bustling in and out of the room. The strain of the Chancellor's arrival was taking its toll on everyone in the room, but the Viceroy in particular. The swirl of emotions made it difficult for Obi-Wan to focus without concentrating. 
	"Losing your temper won't help the situation," Obi-Wan said to more than just Bail. 
	"You're right I suppose," Bail fumed. "Here's what we know."
	He approached a bank of computers and pointed. 
	"The Chancellor's ship left hyperspace a few minutes ago, just outside the system. A shuttle left that ship and is en route here. It should land in about twenty minutes and be just about at my doorstep. There's only one reason he's here," Bail reported. "The kids."
	"I'm afraid we've been betrayed," Obi-Wan said. "Yoda is still alive, I can feel him through the Force, but I can't say the same for Padme. Either way, Vader and the Chancellor have been to Dagobah, that much is certain."
	"Well now what do we do? Padme's plan is pretty much shot and the two people most likely to wipe us off the planet are on their way," Bail tugged at his shirt collar nervously. 
	Obi-Wan stared out the window for a long moment. If Padme was dead, then it was up to him to see everyone through this. 
	"You can't be here when they arrive," Obi-Wan said. 
	"Well of course," Bail replied. "I'll be at the door, offering the traditional greeting to visiting dignitaries."
	Obi-Wan turned to look at him. "No, I mean you have to leave the mansion immediately."
	The room got quiet. 
	"Can I speak to you, over here?" Bail half-dragged Obi-Wan into a private study. 
	"What in the hell are you talking about?" he shook a finger at Obi-Wan. "It would be considered a personal insult if I wasn't here to greet him. I'm pretty sure he's the last person I want to get angry."
	"He's already angry enough," Obi-Wan shot back. "If you're here, he'll kill you."
	Bail wanted to say something in retort, but walked away instead. 
	"I hope you have a damn good plan," he muttered. 
	"First, we get the twins out of here. Padme's hiding place is still sound. I have to remain here with the other Jedi so we’ll need someone we can trust to get them out. Second, you have to get something on your agenda, quickly. This is an unexpected visit so if your schedule is busy then you can't possibly be blamed for not being here. Finally, I have more than a dozen Jedi here with which I can organize a defense. We'll do what we can to stop them here," Obi-Wan said. 
	Bail rubbed his chin in thought. 
	"I don't care if you're signing a peace treaty or opening a shopping mall, you can't be here. You need to be above reproach so that you can help us rebuild. Get out, get out now!" Obi-Wan opened the door back into the conference room. 
	Bail hesitated, putting a hand on Obi-Wan's shoulder. "I don't like running, especially from my own house."
	"You can't help us if you're dead. Your voice carries far more weight for the future. We cannot afford for it to be silenced by a lightsaber," Obi-Wan replied. 
	Bail slammed his fist into the wall. 
	"Captain Antilles!" he walked into the conference room and all eyes turned to the Viceroy. 
	"Yes sir?" the man snapped to attention. 
	"I need to speak to my secretary at once. You need to get the twins to the hideaway," Bail ordered. "They're in your hands until either Obi-Wan, my wife, or I come to claim them. Go, go man!"
	Captain Antilles sprinted out of the room and down the hall. 
	"I'll find something to do in Aldera and feign surprise that the Chancellor is here. Farewell, Obi-Wan. Stay alive," he said. 
	"May the Force be with you," Obi-Wan nodded before Bail hurried out of the room. 

Chapter 23

	The great front doors to the Viceroy's Mansion exploded inward, sending both Jedi and Alderaanian Security scattering. Soldiers dressed in white armor rushed through the opening, picking off their opponents with precision. Although several of them fell due to the efforts of the Jedi and the Viceroy's security, they were trained far too well and in far too great of number to be stopped. 
	Darth Vader stepped through the debris and surveyed the situation. Using the Force was more difficult with so many emotions flooding through the estate. The fear was almost tangible; the anger from being pushed back was felt with expending almost no effort at all. 
	"You may enter, my Lord," Vader stepped to one side. 
	Darth Sidious entered the Great Hall of the Viceroy's Mansion and frowned. "I was hoping there would be more Jedi here."
	"There are plenty enough to cause concern. We are but two and there are easily a dozen here," Vader closed his eyes as another explosion rocked the mansion. 
	"No matter, we are enough to handle the weak and fearful," Sidious said off-handedly. 
	They walked down the hall with no troopers at all for escort. They passed scorched walls and broken furniture, stepping either around or over the bodies of the slain. Small fires had broken out from the resulting carnage, smoke rising through holes in the ceiling. They continued walking, grimly determined, until they came to a great foyer. 
	Standing there were eight Jedi Knights and Masters. 
	"You can go no further," one of them held up a hand. 
	Sidious cocked his head to one side. "We don't listen to the words of enemies of the state."
	The eight Jedi lit up their lightsabers, causing Vader’s hand to fly to his own blade, but Sidious held up a hand in caution. 
	"There is a doorway to your right. Although more Jedi are present, the bulk of them are here. I will deal with this scum while you find your children," he nodded. 
	"But, there are eight of them," Vader protested. 
	"We struck a bargain and I plan to see it through," Sidious smiled. "Go, be with them, be where you belong."
	Vader adjusted his helmet before moving off to the right, out of the foyer. 
	"You made a critical error," one of the Jedi approached. "We cannot possibly lose a duel to one Sith. Your time is over."
	The Jedi dropped their sabers, pointing them directly at Sidious's head. 
	"Foolish Jedi," Sidious spat. "I am above such toys such as the one you cling to so desperately."
	The Jedi lunged at him as one, cohesive, unit. 
	Sidious snapped his fingers. 
	The lightsabers exploded. 
	The Jedi shrieked in pain as shrapnel from the shattered hilts flew into their faces, necks, and chests. Two of them were killed instantly. Two others were bleeding onto the floor from wounds guaranteed to end their lives within a few minutes. 
	The remaining four witnessed Sidious's power first-hand to end their misery. 

--------------------------

	The House of Alderaan had been in the Organa family for fourteen generations. The lineage contained portraits made dating back since the beginning of the lineage. The "Golden Age" of Alderaan occurred under the Organas watch. This planet had become a major player within the Core Worlds and a jewel in the Republic itself. This mansion was the responsibility of the women of the Organa line and was a responsibility that Breha had taken particular pride in. 
	She walked right past the smoldering flames, holes in the walls, and blood-stained carpets without blinking. 
	Captain Antilles was half a step behind her, constantly speaking into the communicator attached to his wrist. Their hurried footsteps echoed down the hall toward the nursery. 
	"No, let the Jedi worry about them, we have to keep those soldiers contained!" he commanded. "Have Lt. Kehler set up two full squads near the hangar bay. I'll have a special delivery to make in four minutes and I don't want any extra passengers bothering me."
	"How are we doing, Captain?" she asked. 
	"Not well, I'm afraid. These men are good, very good. They have to be members of the 501st Legion. Crack troops with no fear," he answered. 
	Breha blew a tuft of hair out of her face. "And I thought things were dire indeed."
	They passed four armed guards and entered the nursery. All three babies were crying in their cribs, despite the best efforts of the machines to quietly rock them back to sleep. 
	"I don't think I need to state how critical this mission is, do I?" Breha asked. 
	"Not at all, ma'am, but mostly because that would take up more time than I would like," Captain Antillies scooped one child in each arm and carried them back toward the door. 
	Breha's face fell as he took them away. 
	"Problem, ma'am?" he asked, jostling both babies in his arms. 
	"You've held Luke longer than Padme has," her breath caught in her throat. 
	Captain Antilles hesitated while Luke fussed in his arms. "Ma'am, what about your daughter?"
	"Go, just go. Keep them safe," she waved him away before turning to Elizarem. 
	Her own daughter was crying, but Breha was able to calm her down, shushing her and making soft noises while she held her. Another explosion shook the floor under her feet. She hoped that this would all be over quickly. The sooner it was done, the sooner she could retrieve the twins from the hideaway Padme had chosen. 
	There was a small commotion outside the room, but Breha held Elizarem close. The troopers wouldn't dare to harm her. They would see she was alone, then leave her be. 
	When the doors opened, Darth Sidious entered. 
Breha stifled a scream; putting a hand to her mouth. He was beyond revolting, beyond terrifying, beyond anything she had ever seen before in her life. He was beyond monstrous. She put Elizarem's head to her shoulder, holding her tight at the realization of who he truly was. 
	He was a living nightmare. 
	"Chancellor, I wasn't aware that you and your men would be joining us for dinner this evening," she bowed slightly. "Of course, our dining room has probably been destroyed by now so I'm afraid the soup course might be delayed."
	Sidious smiled at her. "Dear Lady of Alderaan, I don't mean to impose on you any longer than I have to. Unfortunately, I cannot leave until I am certain my work is complete." 
	"That is the Skywalker child, I assume?" he asked. "One of two extraordinarily gifted children that Darth Vader believes I will allow to live?"
	Breha opened her mouth, ready to prove him wrong. She looked down at Elizarem, fully ready to declare that he couldn't be more wrong, that this was her child. This child was the product of nine hours in labor and more than a decade in conception attempts. This child, who cooed in her arms, was her reward for heartbreak after heartbreak, her daughter she would make dresses for, whose hair she would braid, whom her husband would walk down the aisle to her own wedding. 
	"You can't have her," Breha swallowed hard. 
	"Show me the child," Sidious growled in a voice that made her soul fearful. 
	"You won't have her," Breha repeated. "I won't allow it."
	"You think I won't kill you? Sidious cackled. "Poor Breha Organa, killed in the crossfire, probably by her own guards. What a tragedy that would be told by my dear friends at the Holo-Net News."
	Breha hesitated, her mind desperately searching for another way out. Perhaps if she stalled long enough, the Jedi would...
	No, she told herself. The Jedi had their hands full and didn't know of the danger she was in. She was on her own with her daughter's life literally in her hands. 
	No, she told herself again. Not Elizarem's life, she had Leia's life in her hands. 
	Slowly, she lowered the baby until Padme's wedding bracelet could be seen shining around her neck.
	Sidious cackled again as he shot lightning from his fingertips. 

---------------------

	Obi-Wan deflected a few more blaster bolts before the remaining members of the 501st Legion fell back through the door and back into the hallway. He was surrounded by casualties from both sides, but he had been successful in keeping the soldiers away from the hangar bay. 
	"You're clear!" he shouted into his comlink. 
	A heartbeat later, Captain Antilles appeared with two small babies wrapped in his arms. He was flanked by four Alderaanian Guards with their backs turned to cover their movements. 
	"Move quickly, I'm sure they'll regroup and hit us again," Obi-Wan wiped the sweat from his brow. 
	A burst of static made Obi-Wan wince. He tapped his comlink against the wall a few times, which cleared up the frequency. 
	"...can't have her..."
	"...won't have her..."
	"That sounded like Madam Organa. Where is that coming from?" Captain Antilles asked. 
	"Of course," Obi-Wan whispered. "Damn me for not thinking of it sooner. We bugged Anakin with that toy lightsaber so we could learn more about what he did to Padme."
	"Well who has that toy now?" he asked with desperation in his voice.  
	"Well he put it into a bracelet for Padme as a wedding gift, but she gave it to..."
	His face abruptly went pale. "By the Force," he breathed. "Get them out of here! Now! Right now!" he shouted. 
	Obi-Wan sprinted down the hallway as Breha's screams erupted from the comlink. Rather than taking the stairs, he leapt up three stories and continued running toward the nursery. He skidded to a halt when he saw the four dead guards outside the doors. None of them had been shot by a 501st soldier or stabbed by Vader’s lightsaber, but there was no question that they were dead. 
	He cautiously pushed the door to the nursery open, saber in hand, but wasn’t ready for the sight that was waiting for him. 
	Breha was on the floor, a baby girl still clutched in her arms.
	“No,” he breathed. His heart pounded inside his chest so heard that his ribs ached. Obi-Wan’s entire being trembled as he dropped to his knees next to her and checked for a pulse. He breathed a sigh of relief when he felt something very faint, but steady, beating inside of her. 
	Elizarem showed no sign of life. 
	Obi-Wan stood and lit his saber in respect to the sacrifice she made. A sudden noise caught his attention and he whirled around to face the door. 
	“How could you?” Vader’s eyes burned with seething hatred. “Have you no heart left, Obi-Wan? Are you so determined that you would slaughter an infant to deprive me of my family?”
	“Anakin, this isn’t…”
	“DO NOT SPEAK THAT NAME!” Vader roared. “That wretch is long gone. You’re dealing with me now, Killer of Children.”
	His lightsaber ignited, bathing him in red light. 
	“Where is my son?” his voice carried death with it. 
	Obi-Wan’s face was grim and set. “Darth Vader has no son.”
	Vader’s hands shook with rage. Obi-Wan could watch his face twist and contort from the anger that races through his veins faster than his own blood. 
	When Vader charged him, Obi-Wan leapt to the back of the room and assumed his defensive stance. 
	When Vader struck, the walls around them shattered. The floor itself crumbled from the force of the blow, and the two men tumbled down a hill. Obi-Wan skidded to a halt while Vader finished rolling below him. Obi-Wan wanted to reason with him, to try and find a way to not destroy his friend, but as Vader charged back up the hill, he knew such efforts would be in vain. 
	His attacks were based purely on his anger, but they were so ferocious and so well executed that even though Obi-Wan had the higher ground, he found himself retreating up the slope. Their duel carried them around the hill toward the back of the estate. Obi-Wan parried blow after blow, still trying to wrap his mind around just whom he was fighting. He should be going on the offensive, but every time he thought about changing his tactics, he couldn’t bring himself to fight the man who had been his friend. 
	Vader landed a savage kick to Obi-Wan’s ribs, sending him sprawling down the hill until he landed against a small building. 
	“What the hell did I ever do to you?” Vader fumed as he ran down the hill. “To push you so far as to kill babies?”
	“How many innocents have you murdered all in the name of your glorious cause?” Obi-Wan’s blade clashed with his again. 
	“How many of my brethren died because of your selfishness?” he swung at Vader’s chest. 
	Vader dodged, walking up steps toward the entrance to the building. “The Jedi don’t matter to me, I have ascended beyond your pathetic Order. I am beyond Sith, although Palpatine would like to claim me. I am beyond Jedi, sick of being shackled by those too fearful of my power. I am beyond anything you could imagine! I am…”
	Obi-Wan thrust out his hands and Vader sailed through the air, crashed into the doors, and tumbled into the building. 
	“…probably sick of talking by now,” Obi-Wan finished. 
	He remained on his guard as he entered the building, but did not see Vader at all. Other than a few scorch marks where his lightsaber had landed, he had completely vanished. 



	“Chancellor!” a voice rang shrill and clear. 
	Darth Sidious turned around, annoyed at being yelled at from across a hallway. He had murdered that foolish woman and the Skywalker child, did he need to be shouted at by some child?
	He couldn’t help but smile when Shaak Ti ran up to him, breathless, and dropped to her knees before him. 
	“Chancellor,” she gasped. “Did I serve you well? Did you complete your mission?”
	“If you’re going to address me, at least do it without being so vague,” he frowned. “I want to hear you say it. I want to hear you say what you did.”
	Shaak Ti gulped and clutched at the hem of his robe. “Were you able to kill Master Yoda and the entire Skywalker family? You promised me leniency so that I might seek my true destiny!”
	Her eyes were round with true terror that had struck her to the marrow of her bones. He motioned her to rise and they walked out the rear of the estate to stand on a balcony. Below them was a sheer drop to the sea. 
	“I have been assured that the children are dead. Master Yoda can no longer thwart my plans. You have done well, my dear,” he smirked at the one proud Jedi. 
	“Thank you, thank you so much,” she stood up and for the first time appeared to be at peace. 
	Sidious ended that feeling as he broke her in half and threw her into the ocean. 


	Obi-Wan stepped into what had to be the industrial area of the Viceroy’s estate. Here, all manner of objects could be crafted to suit the Organa’s needs from furniture to new transports. The air hummed with the sound of electricity as he walked down a flight of stairs. 
	Vader’s presence could be felt, but from where? Obi-Wan was so conflicted that he could not settle his mind. Emotions continually bombarded his focus, making it difficult to concentrate. He tried breathing techniques, he tried Active Meditation, but nothing he could have trained for would have prepared him for this. 
	He neared the center of the industrial building, which was a series of six generators that powered the estate. They positively hummed with the sound of power, which Obi-Wan found oddly soothing. The roof held a great skylight that covered nearly a full third of the ceiling. Light poured in, illuminating the area but also casting dark shadows upon the walls. 
	"I refuse to believe you're beyond saving," Obi-Wan called out over the hum. "I bet Padme thought the same thing."
	"I could give a damn what you think," Vader's voice echoed from a far corner of the room. 
	"We can work through this," Obi-Wan called out again. "There is always an alternative! If you will just let compassion..."
	Obi-Wan was able to leap backwards in time to avoid the lightsaber Vader had flung at him. 
	"My family is dead at your hands! What kind of meditation do you recommend for that?" Vader tackled him around the mid-section, driving Obi-Wan back into a generator. 
	He interlocked his fingers and slammed his fists into Vader's back. In return, Vader punched Obi-Wan in the gut and backed away far enough for Obi-Wan to kick him in the face. His black helmet clattered onto the floor as he held out his hand. 
	His lightsaber ignited and soared toward his outstretched fingers. Obi-Wan reached out with the Force and gripped the saber in mid-air. He flung his hands and the lightsaber was wildly diverted, tumbling end over end, until it collided with one of the generators. 
	The resulting explosion propelled Vader’s lightsaber through the skylight and would have nearly leveled the building if Obi-Wan had not intervened. 
	Time almost seemed to obey Obi-Wan's command. Everything slowed down so much as he used the Force to contain the explosion. If he worked hard enough with the Force, he might have been able to snuff out the blaze entirely. 
	Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Vader charging. He knew Obi-Wan couldn't possibly defend himself and chose this moment to strike. There was only one option for Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi to take. 
	His hands changed direction. 
	The explosion changed direction. 
	His life changed direction. 
	As time sped back up, Obi-Wan screamed from the effort of wrapping Darth Vader in the explosion itself. He was able to cocoon Vader inside a ball of fire and kinetic energy. Despite the effort and the near-deafening sounds, he could still hear Vader screaming in agony from inside. When he couldn't stand it any longer, Obi-Wan dropped his hands and both he and Vader were blown to opposite ends of the room.  The explosion itself rocketed out through the skylight. 
	The ringing in Obi-Wan's ears were the first thing he remembered when he woke up. 
	The ringing overpowered the headache, the ribs that were sure to be broken, and the inability to turn his head too far to the right. 
	The ringing persisted as he moved past the flames, past the broken shells of machinery, and toward what remained of Darth Vader. 
	One of Vader's arms had been severed almost completely. It hung on by only a few tendons, shredded beyond reasoning. His natural leg was bent backwards; his robotic leg was absolutely destroyed. His torso was mangled and the back of his skull fractured in two places. The contusions were nothing short of grotesque. Vader was still breathing, but each breath was labored. His entire body suffered from deep burns. 
	He didn't have much time left. 
	"I am so sorry," Obi-Wan muttered through a bleeding jaw. "I failed us all, but I failed you most of all."
	Obi-Wan was startled to see that Vader actually responded. His head turned slightly and his eyes opened. 
	"But I won't fail Anakin’s son," he said before turning away. 
	He hobbled near a hole in the wall, leaving Vader behind for all time. 

--------------------------------

	The huge explosion was curious in nature. Sidious turned to the right as the incredible noise buffeted the area. While the sound of the explosion could be heard for kilometers around him, the blast itself could not be seen at all. There was some smoke rising from inside the building, and he felt the rumble from the explosion itself, but beyond that there was no sign of destruction. 
	Sidious walked down the hill to satisfy his curiosity. There were no holes in the structure, save the shattered skylight. As Sidious climbed through the debris and past cables that hung limply from the machinery above, he was astonished to see the result of such a devastating blast. 
	Several generators had exploded, but the energy had been driven up through the skylight and not outward through the walls. Even stranger, not all of the generators had exploded. A piece of the walkway above him crashed to the ground. The damage was tremendous, but the building shouldn’t even be standing. 
	It was the groan that caught his attention. 
	“How could anyone survive this?” he mumbled. Sidious rounded a corner to see Darth Vader lying on the ground. 
	Vader was twisted, gravely injured, and housed in a wrecked body. The injuries he had suffered were enough to even make Sidious flinch. Sidious stood over him, contemplating his fate. It would be an easy matter to end his suffering here and now. He could be done with the Skywalker lineage for all time with one move of his hand. 
	But he hesitated. Perhaps there was a way to still keep a superior duelist alive. Leaving Coruscant proved risky at best and there were still Jedi hiding throughout the galaxy. Darth Sidious shook his head. He needed Vader. 
	He rested on his knees besides Vader’s head. 
	“The power to keep you alive resides within the Force,” he said gravely. “But you must know this. Injuries like this would have destroyed a lesser man.”
	Playing to his feeling of superiority paid off as Vader nodded only slightly. 
	“But the agony you must be in has to be extraordinary,” Sidious observed. “I can end the pain you’re in, but you must submit to me fully and of your own free will.”
	To his astonishment, Vader didn’t move. It was as if the broken man was considering the offer. 
	“You have no children, no wife, and no legacy,” Sidious went on. “You have nothing more to live for other than your revenge against those that did this to you. Submit to me, become my apprentice, and fulfill your destiny at my side.”
	Slowly, but surely, Vader nodded. 
	Sidious pulled out his comlink. “Bring my shuttle to this location immediately and find Viceroy Organa. Whatever he’s doing, arrange a public meeting with him. Finally, get Colonel Adani on Coruscant and advise him that Lord Vader will be arriving. We all have much work ahead of us.”
	Darth Sidious placed his hands near Vader’s head and began the ritual. It would take nearly an hour to complete, but by the time he was finished, Darth Vader would completely be his to command and control. It would require more effort than he had ever used before, but erasing Anakin Skywalker from Vader’s mind would pay dividends for decades to come. 
	
	------------------------------

	“…in retreat…”
	“…hiding…”
	“…no time…”
	
	“What am I doing here?” Vader wondered to himself. He was lying on a medibed with various sounds from various medical monitors invading his ears. The lights high above him were bright, but not blinding. His Heads Up Display gave him thermal readings on the people around him. They were nervous, but not frightened. 
	The HUD also identified them as several doctors and Colonel Therian Adani, Commander of the 501st Legion with expertise in engineering and biomechanical appendages.  
	“He’s conscious,” a voice said behind him. 
	Darth Vader swung his legs over the side of the bed, where cautious hands grabbed him. 
	“Easy,” Colonel Adani said. “The recalibration took longer than we thought, but you should be fine now. Would you try flexing your hands and rotating your arms?”
	Vader shot him a look. 
	“Please, my Lord,” Adani bowed in respect. 
	Vader complied, the suit felt as it always has. Tight, constrictive, he had to fight to keep his sense of claustrophobia at bay. 
	“Now walk for us,” Adani ordered. 
	Colonel Adani clutched at his throat and began gasping for air. 
“I do not take commands from someone such as you. You may, politely, ask me to perform like a trained lizard-monkey, but if you dare to order me around, you will find your life in jeopardy,” Vader growled through his mask. 
As he stared at Adani’s face, his HUD watched the blood drain from his face. He began to turn blue from lack of oxygen as he grunted and groaned loudly. 
Something about his face annoyed Vader. He wasn’t sure what it was, but when he looked at him, something in the back of his mind tingled with anger. 
He released Adani and he collapsed to the floor, breathing in huge gulps of air as Vader walked around him in a circle. 
“Satisfied?” he asked. 
“Quite,” Adani gasped as he struggled to his feet. “I believe that will suffice for now. All of our other tests will take some time to process.”
“How do you feel, Lord Vader?” he asked. 
“Feel?” he replied. 
“Yes. How do you feel?” he repeated. 
“Annoyed at your questions,” Vader retorted. 
Adani tugged at his collar. The door to the medical bay opened and Grand Moff Tarkin entered, flanked by two aides busily typing away on datapads. 
“Lord Vader,” he addressed. “I trust you are well?” 
“I am,” Vader answered as his HUD filled with data about this man. He was second in importance only to Chancellor Palpatine, had enormous military power, and full control of their newest science station. 
Tarkin eyed him carefully. “And your business on Alderaan?”
“Completed,” he replied. “The Jedi incursion on the Viceroy’s mansion was quashed, with Obi-Wan Kenobi more than likely killed by an explosion. Other Jedi were killed at my hands. I look forward to my next assignment.”
“Excellent. If Kenobi wasn’t killed outright, I’m sure he won’t last much longer,” Tarkin smiled. “The Chancellor’s announcement will be coming soon. After that, the size and scope of your role will change dramatically. You will be able to move more freely throughout the Empi…the Republic to enforce our wishes.”
Vader bowed slightly. “As you wish.”
“Well,” Adani said after Tarkin left the room. “I’d say we’re done here. You will report back to me within one week and…”
Vader wrapped a gloved hand around Adani’s neck. “I’ve never liked you, Colonel. I don’t quite know why, but something about you has angered me for as long as I can remember.”
He lifted the man off the ground. 
“I report to you no longer.”
The cracking of his windpipe was easier than he thought. Vader tossed his body against the wall. It slumped to the floor and never moved again. 
Darth Vader walked out of the medical bay confident that he would continue the mission he was destined to complete. The eradication of the Jedi Order was his life’s work; their stain on the galaxy could not be allowed to continue. 
Nothing else mattered. 

Epilogue

“The Jedi attack on the Viceroy’s Mansion proved that we are not safe from those zealots! Too many of our citizens have died as a result of their fanatical devotion to that dying religion. If attacks can occur on Alderaan and Coruscant, they can occur anywhere in the galaxy.”
“The time to move forward is now. The time to unite behind each other is now. The time to sweep away the decrepit and bloated Republic is now! It was the Jedi-led Republic that led to food rationing, it was the Jedi-led Republic that brought us to our knees, it was the Jedi-led Republic that forced their war upon us, and it was the Jedi-led Republic that robbed you of your sons and daughters!”
“Tomorrow morning, I will travel to the Senate to ask that the Republic be put out of its misery. We shall be the first to witness our rebirth as the Galactic Empire!”

Obi-Wan had had enough. 
He turned off the holo-imager and buried his face in his hands. 
“You said nothing?” Rahm Kota growled. 
“What could I say?” Bail shrugged. “The man trashed my house, slaughtered Jedi on a whim, and is about to be the unrestricted ruler of the galaxy for as long as he lives.”
“You didn’t have to look so happy about it,” Rahm Kota winced as he sat down; nursing his injured leg. 
Obi-Wan stood up. “He did what he had to do; what I advised him to do.”
“Yeah,” Rahm grumbled. “Your advice has been swell so far. It worked well for Padme and Yoda, didn’t it?”
“When are you going to get Master Yoda?” Bail asked quickly, interrupting Obi-Wan’s retort before it could get off the ground. 
Obi-Wan stared out the window. “I’m not.”
Rahm Kota’s mouth fell open. “You’re not?”
“We’re finished, my friends. With the Empire about to be born, Palpatine will have unlimited and eternal access to all aspects of life. The more travelling we do, the more likely we are to be discovered and eliminated. Our lone advantage must be our strength,” Obi-Wan replied. 
“What is this saving grace you speak of so vaguely?” Rahm muttered. 
“Palpatine believes we are all dead. You, me, the children, he even discounts Yoda as a non-threat due to his exile on Dagobah,” Obi-Wan explained. 
Rahm Kota sighed heavily. 
“You still cannot train the children,” Bail protested. “You’ve already pointed out that Palpatine would hunt them down once he senses their presence in the Force.”
“We’ll have to divide the twins and hide them until we’re ready to strike back,” Obi-Wan winced as the neck brace he was wearing stopped him from moving too quickly. “Captain Antilles has reported back to us from their hideaway?”
Bail nodded. “It was ingenious using the honeymoon suite in Mt. Jenard to keep the children safe. Palpatine would never have thought to look there and Vader likely would have forgotten all about it.”
“You still have to explain Elizarem’s death,” Rahm Kota muttered. “Sorry,” he hastily added. 
Bail’s eyes watered before he looked away. 
“I’ll have to take Leia and raise her as our own. Barely anyone even knew Elizarem's name so it won’t raise any suspicions when we never use her name again. We’ll keep Leia safe, I swear it,” Bail said. 
“And the boy?” Rahm asked. 
“All record of Anakin Skywalker has been removed from any archive,” Obi-Wan explained. “Even the Jedi database has no record of him ever existing whatsoever. Because of that, I can safely take Luke to Tatooine. Vader wants nothing to do with his former life. Tatooine will be perfect for Luke.”
“You can’t raise him on your own!” Rahm stood up and pointed angrily at Obi-Wan. 
“I have no intention of doing that,” Obi-Wan calmly explained. “Before leaving Alderaan, I will talk to Owen and Beru Lars about this. If they will take the child, then I will remain on Tatooine as well.”
“You believe they will take him?” Bail asked. 
“It makes perfect sense. If Vader wants nothing to do with Anakin at all, then surely the last place he’ll look is with his former friends. I couldn’t think of a safer place for Luke to reside,” Obi-Wan replied. 
Rahm Kota headed toward the door. 
“So that’s it? We’re giving up?” he asked. 
“Not at all,” Obi-Wan replied. “We’re laying low, biding our time, we’re…”
“…quitting,” Rahm Kota finished. “I’m done.”
He left the room, but Obi-Wan was close on his heels. 
“Master Kota…” he began. 
“Stuff it, Obi-Wan!” he spat. “I’m done. I am absolutely done!”
Obi-Wan frowned. “Where are you going?”
“Take your ‘new hope’ and your Jedi titles and your Force and forget it, I’m done,” he kept walking. 
“We’ll need all the help we can get,” Obi-Wan protested. “You can’t turn your back on the Force!”
Rahm Kota paused, sighed, and turned around to look at Obi-Wan. 
“Watch me.”
He reached into his robe and slapped a metal object in his hand. “I found this outside after the explosion happened. Do with it whatever you want.”
Jedi Master Rahm Kota walked away. 
Obi-Wan looked down to see he was holding Anakin Skywalker’s lightsaber. It was a little tarnished and still contained the red crystal, but Obi-Wan would have years, if not decades, to make a few modifications to it. 
After all, Anakin always wanted Luke to have it when he was old enough. 
