




LIKE THE SUN AT EIGHT
 
AND OTHER STORIES




HOWARD WALDMAN




Copyright Howard Waldman

2014




To the memory of our Fanfan



About the author


Born in Manhattan, Howard Waldman has long resided in France. He taught European History for a France-based American university and later taught American literature at a French university. He now grows roses and writes novels.







































CONTENTS



Like the Sun at Eight in the Morning
JS Bach in Venise
H5N1
Farewell to Paradise Lane
Plant no Trees in the Garden
Unaccompanied Cello
The Revolt
Ashtrays and Moons
A Penny from Calistro
Christmas Trees at Dawn
Papy on the River
At theVeterinarian's
Waiting for the Train
Sequels
The Slush Machine
Arthur and Jack
Intruders 
The Full-Face Silhouette
Literary Exchange
Witch
Miraculous Encounter


Books

Contact


























LIKE THE SUN AT EIGHT IN THE MORNING


Philip Richmond learned what he called the “fantastic news” in early June. “Fantastic” was a figure of speech. The news in question had nothing to do with an imminent award of  bulging pectorals, blue 20/20 vision, four extra inches, and the passionate girls sure to accompany the miracle. That had been the usual theme of Philip’s shameful teenage fantasies.  He was a sober twenty-four now, reconciled, he thought, to what he was. So a figure of speech.  
  Philip kept the soberly fantastic news to himself for as long as he could. When he finally broke it to his mother a week later he was carefully casual about it. She had a heart condition. Her face went blank for a second and then rallied bright and smiling as it had to. She said how thrilled she was for him and made him go into all the details. A few minutes later, out of the corner of his eye, he glimpsed her secret gnawed expression.
But then she was on the phone, bright and smiling again, sharing the tremendous news with friends and relatives. It took hours. Philip heard her say, repeatedly, that he’d been appointed for the coming school-year as lecteur at the Sorbonne, Paris, France. She went into the details: how every year two graduate students, one British, the other American, were appointed by the Sorbonne English Department to do translation classes. The teaching load was so light that the lecteurs had plenty of time to do research, in his case, a Ph.D. thesis on an aspect of Henry James' relation to Europe, she didn't remember exactly which aspect. He would also be doing a series of lectures on Edgar Allen Poe. 
She reminded them, unnecessarily, that a professional review had published a paper of his on Poe (White vs. Red: An Aspect of Color Symbolism in the Tales of E.A. Poe). She'd ordered twenty copies the year before and mailed them to those same friends and relatives. 
For days after, when Philip caught her with the familiar gnawed expression she reacted as though he'd caught her coming out of the shower and she would instantly clothe her feelings with a decently bright expression. Their longest separation had been summer camp and even then she'd visited him every Sunday. 
“It's just for a year,” he said once. 
She looked offended at the remark. How could her son think she wasn't totally delighted at the tremendous news? 
“It's about time you had a little independence at your age,” she said. He went on with it anyhow. 
“I'll write all the time. Maybe you could come over next spring and visit me in Paris.” 
“You know I'm seasick just looking at a glass of water.” 
She didn't even allude to the possibility of flying. 
Still, flying was an unavoidable subject of conversation between Philip and his widowed mother when they debated the way he would get over to France in August. It was airliner, the sensible choice of 99% of American travelers, versus just plain liner, her archaic but prudent choice. There'd been the Titanic, of course, but long ago. She knew that radar could detect icebergs nowadays.
Who traveled that way in the year 1969? he argued. Nowadays everybody flew. Liners were for old people bundled in plaid covers like mummies in deckchairs. He was twenty-four, after all. His main argument was the extra expense involved and, like her, seasickness. 
But she knew his illnesses better than he did himself. She assured him he'd never suffered from seasickness and damn the extra expense. She never once referred to the risk involved in flying although that's what it was all about, as he knew and as she knew he knew.

Her flight phobia dated back to July 24, 1944 when she was informed that her fighter-pilot husband, Philip, had disappeared over the Pacific on a volunteer mission. She was bearing his child at the time. Although tempting fate that way practically invited miscarriage or malformation, she decided to name it, if a boy, Philip. Philip II emerged on schedule and normally formed. He turned out to be a quiet studious boy, not at all tempted by rough sports that could maim or kill. 
“He's always in the clouds,” his mother would say to her friends. She meant simply that her bookish son wasn't closely aware of things going on about him, but sometimes it sounded to Philip like an ironic comparison with his father whose lost kingdom had been the clouds. Ruggedly handsome with clear fearless eyes and square chin and shoulders, his father stood enshrined in his mother's bedroom with posthumous medals in open plush-lined cases before the photo. 
Normally Philip didn't mind or even think of the difference between them. His father was remote and unreal, a winged mythological hero who had challenged the sun and been brought low by it (a yellow rising sun, soon to set, it turned out). Or, alternatively, one of those happy-go-lucky heart-ravaging Air Force heroes you saw in old Hollywood films, roaring into the wild blue yonder and crash-landing out of it to clasp the lovely heroine at the end. 
It was only when confronted by desirable girls that the second Philip, slight, apologetic and owlish in strongly corrective glasses, sometimes regretted that he didn’t take after his father, but nothing urgent about the regret: the way, on awakening, you faintly regretted impossible powers exercised in a dream. 
His mother often joked about her protective attitude. 
“I know I’m one of those terrible possessive mothers you read about,” she would say. 
“Not at all, Mother,” he would say. 
She would say: “I was joking, Phil. You’re so serious. You take everything so seriously. Myself, if I didn’t have a sense of humor, thank God for that, life would be too terrible.” 
She always avoided direct commands or warnings that would stamp her as a nagging possessive mother.  So her anguish for him came out as invitations to suicidal behavior. When he left for camp she would say, seeing him off at the coach-terminal: 
“Oh, by the way, Phil, don’t forget to swim on a full stomach in deep water and don’t worry too much about getting in the way of an ax.” 
“I’ll be careful, Mother,” he would always say and he was, for her sake and by inclination.
But this time he resisted and won out. He would fly, for the first time in his life. He bought guidebooks and took out of the public library photo-books on France and admired the elegance of châteaux and vineyards. His idea was to arrive in late August. His classes at the Sorbonne started in early October. That would give him all of September to explore Paris and its museums as well as the chateaux of the Loire. The hordes of tourists would be gone by then. He located his cheap Latin Quarter hotel on a map of Paris and wondered if the Seine would be visible from the window of the first real room of his own. 
In early August, however, his mother had what the doctor called a “heart alert” and he had to change the Air France and the hotel reservations. It was out of the question abandoning her in favor of sightseeing. 
She was furious at her heart. 
“My possessive heart,” she would say, certain it was all psychosomatic. Her possessive heart didn't want him to leave. She repudiated it. 
“Damn my heart, Phil, go.”  
But he stayed on dangerously till the last moment.
One of her parting remarks was: “It's going to be a year of adventures for you, Phil.” It wasn't the first time she'd vaguely alluded to “adventures” in connection with Europe. “Adventure” wasn't something positive. He knew how to decode her. Volunteering for that fatal mission, his father, he understood, had been, cruelly, an adventurer. The word covered a great variety of dangers. 
“You know I’m not an adventurous type, Mother,” he said, to reassure her.
 “I was joking, Phil,” she said. It was what she always said when she wasn’t joking. 
It was only at the last moment, kissing him goodbye alongside the taxi, that she was less vague about the precise danger she had in mind, topsy-turvy about it as usual: 
“Phil, just one thing. Be sure to get hopelessly involved with one of those slinky sex-bomb Frenchwomen.” 
“I doubt very much if that would ever happen,” he said, sincere and a little sad about it.

At 3:54 p.m., October 7, midway between New York and Paris, at an altitude of 18,465 feet above the North Atlantic, Philip was trying to memorize the lecture notes on his index-cards when the Boeing 707 encountered a zone of turbulence. 
Naturally, in the first second of plummet, with his stomach in free flight, he panicked. But worse than panic was the stab of guilt for what he'd done to his mother, plunging her into mourning again and in identical circumstances as a quarter of a century earlier, all because he hadn't listened to her and sailed. 
Then he found himself stabilized at an altitude of 18,126 feet, already closer to Paris than to New York, his heart beating furiously, with a supple blue-eyed Air France hostess practically in his arms. 
She was the first beautiful woman he'd ever held. He'd held very few women, beautiful or not. 
The bald fat man in the neighboring seat grinned and wisecracked: “Plenty of room on my lap, Miss, next time.” Then he returned to his book whose garish cover showed a nearly naked green-eyed girl with a bazooka.
Philip felt unequal to the situation. He was the one who should have grinned and wisecracked instead of blushing furiously as he was sure he was doing. Miraculously maintaining her tray and her poise, the hostess excused herself and left Philip's arms. As if nothing at all had happened she inquired in exotically accented English if he preferred mineral water or wine. 
He boldly expressed his preference in exotically accented French: “Vin, s'il vous plaît.” He had a good reading knowledge of the language but it was his first oral essay to a native speaker. 
It was successful. He was rewarded with a miniature bottle of Bordeaux. Normally he was wary of alcohol and he felt dehydrated in the pressurized atmosphere. But mineral water would have been an anti-climax to the happy-ending adventure he'd just experienced.
It was the second adventure, in his mother's sense of the word, involving Flight B009. A bomb scare had delayed departure from Kennedy Airport for two hours. Philip was thankful she'd refused to see him off. How would her heart have reacted to that?
The other passengers settled back into trivial time-killing activities as the Boeing 707, having regained the lost altitude, whistled on routinely. Philip put his index-cards in order and placed them out of harm's way in the briefcase between his feet along with the miniature bottle of Bordeaux.
An hour later red lights above Philip's head started blinking ominously. More turbulence ahead? Philip stared at the illustrated step-by-step life-jacket instructions. It looked simple in two dimensions but he suspected he'd get strangled in the straps if he tried in three dimensions. He knew he handled concepts better than objects. 
Anyhow, he was skeptical about the saving powers of the device. If the pilot lost control in that coming turbulence, maybe any second now, the plane would cartwheel through the arctic landscape of the clouds below and, in all likelihood, scatter wreckage and limbs over square miles of ocean. Even if, miraculously, they fished him out in one functioning piece, he'd miss his Poe lecture, scheduled for the day after tomorrow. Missing the maiden class of his teaching career would be as catastrophic as explosive death in the Atlantic.

At 7:12 p.m., local time, with the coast of Ireland faintly discernable through the clouds, like a faded atlas map, the speakers announced first in English and then in French the third adventure involving Flight B009. 
Owing to unforeseen technical problems the plane would be landing not at Paris Airport as originally scheduled but at Brussels Airport (Belgium). Coaches would transfer the passengers and their luggage to Paris. 
Groans and protests greeted the announcement. The bald fat man told Philip that the ground personnel at Orly was on strike. Everybody was on strike in France, he said. They were always on strike but it was much worse this time, practically a second French Revolution. There had been mass demonstrations, violent clashes with the police the day before. 
Philip was alarmed at the thought that his lecture might be cancelled and the Bibliothèque Nationale shut down.
Half an hour later, alarmingly bland music tried to minimize ground lights coming up at a terrible angle and fast. Philip joined the passengers who applauded when the plane touched down safely. 

Not counting the blue-eyed airhostess, it was his first contact with Europe. It was disappointing. Brussels airport looked exactly like Kennedy Airport. He had trouble understanding the French he overheard there, maybe because it was Belgian French. In a few hours, he told himself, he'd be hearing and understanding the authentic French of France.
But the coaches supposedly waiting for them hadn't come. The passengers of Flight B009 spent the night in the airport lounge gnawing sandwiches and trying to snatch a little sleep between loudspeaker announcements. There were long lines in front of the phone booths and the toilets. He was able to use the toilet but not the phone to announce survival to his mother.
At eight in the morning the coaches showed up. The fat bald man let himself down in the seat next to his. He'd been to Paris dozens of times on business and gave greenhorn Philip a list of do's and don'ts, mainly don'ts, among them, suicidal jay-walking, unprotected relations with the women and drinking something green and terrible they called Pernod. He warned him about French cops, tough bastards. Steer clear of them. Always keep your passport on you. If things get ugly flash it on them, that good old dollar-bill green has a calming effect.  

The Brussels--Paris coach run that was supposed to take five hours turned out to be another adventure. A mile of trucks and cars and coaches inched forward before French customs where every piece of luggage was conscientiously examined. “A slow-down strike,” the fat man explained. 
Once they cleared customs at noon, the coach was reduced to a snail's pace behind trucks that deliberately blocked the road. The traffic behind the road hogs blared in rage. “Another slow-down strike,” said the fat man. Philip felt inceasingly nervous. His initial lecture was at 11 a.m. tomorrow. Would he ever make it?
For a while he stared out through the dirty window, hoping for châteaux and vineyards but the flat rainy landscape went on repeating things he hadn't seen in the photo albums on France: repetitive miners' villages, slag-heaps and sugar-beet fields. After a while, he returned to his index-cards. 
He fell asleep just before Compiègne and awoke to a night sky and the vast glow of Paris twenty miles ahead. Despite the nondescript suburbs and factory chimneys jolting past, he felt joy. Hunger accompanied the joy, was practically part of it.

It was almost eleven when the coach arrived at the Gare du Nord. It was drizzling. The neon signs announcing bars, peepshows and sex-shops made red smears on the wet sidewalks. The words in French for “bar”, “peepshow”, and “sex shop” were bar, peepshow, and sex shop. You could hardly tell you were in France. 
He was ravenously hungry. He recalled his disappointment at the sterilized functional food his Air France hostess had served. For the past hour he'd been salivating at the prospect of a genuine French meal. His mother had urged him to experiment with exotic food like frogs'-legs, horsemeat and unpasteurized Camembert. But he was prepared to ignore her indirect warnings and celebrate arrival with a gastronomic adventure. He longed for the snails he'd so often read about. She hadn't urged snails on him, incapable of imagining that her son would ever be tempted by the slimy things. Then he realized that the restaurants must be closed at this time of night. 
So, standing in the cold white glare of a snack bar, he had a fast hot dog and coke. The French for “snack bar” and “hot dog” was snack bar and hot dog.

The taxi stands were mobbed. Lugging his two valises with his briefcase clamped beneath a sweating armpit he started off in search of a cruising cab. He passed by bored-looking women stationed at regular intervals in doorways. They greeted him invitingly, using the intimate form of address. One of them said: “Oh, qu’il est mignon!” She repeated it three times, almost pedagogically. He understood her French French, the one positive aspect of the situation. It was the first time a woman had ever told him he was cute. But these were special women and it didn't count. 
He walked faster, not at all tempted, the contrary even, but wondering if it wasn’t impolite not to answer them, some sort of joking refusal, good feeling on both sides. He was sure the bald fat man, with all his experience, would have come up with something adequate. A cab veered over to the curb and rescued him.
His taxi sped wildly, dangerously ignoring red lights. In one street they went by a flaming car and smashed shop-windows. There were riot policemen everywhere. Then the taxi screeched to a halt before a green traffic light, held up by a demonstration bright with red flags. 
The young demonstrators surged past ten abreast. Sometimes they raised a fist over their heads. Some brandished small red books. Sometimes they clapped their hands rhythmically and chanted slogans, one of which sounded like an imitation of a cat: “Mee-ow, Mee-ow.” Philip finally realized they were chanting “Mao, Mao.” Now they seemed to be laughing mechanically: “Ho! Ho! Ho!” No laughing matter though: it ended with “Ho Chi Minh!” 
A placard went by with a clumsy caricature: sinister ill-shaven drooping jowls, pig-eyes and vampire incisors. The "x" in “Nixon” was replaced by a swastika. Philip was hostile to the Vietnam involvement and would never have bought a used car from Richard Nixon but he found the caricature excessive. The man was the president of the United States, after all. Even worse was what went past now: dangling from a pole, a stuffed upside-down Uncle Sam.
A high girl in black with a bright red scarf closely followed the lynched mannequin. She was sitting on the shoulders of a husky youth. He maintained her with his hands on her bare parted thighs. She had an ardent face, loose black hair and she was waving a red flag. With each movement her breasts quivered and bucked freely but firmly beneath her sweater. 
For a few seconds she seemed to be staring down scornfully at Philip seated in the taxi in his sober brown suit and necktie. Didn't he look very American? Philip didn't see any riot policemen around. 
She went by, waving and waving, quivering and bucking. 
Finally the cab lunged forward, ignored more red lights, and in a few minutes jolted to a stop before Philip's tiny single-star hotel in the Latin Quarter. He checked in and asked the sleepy receptionist if he could phone to the States. Supposedly the operation was impossible at that late hour. Tomorrow morning, at nine, the man said. But nine in the morning here would be three a.m. in Middletown, Connecticut. Awakening his mother at that sinister hour was unthinkable. 
Before Philip could persist, the receptionist turned his attention to a big blond young man with athletic shoulders who had come up to the desk with two giant flight bags. He looked like a Viking disguised in a bright yellow sweatshirt and bright blue jeans. The receptionist unhooked a key from the numbered panel behind him and, without looking at Philip, handed it to him, a dismissive gesture. 
Chambre 502 was engraved on the bronze key-holder. Naturally, with its solitary star the hotel had no elevator. Philip lugged his valises up five flights, marking a puffing halt on each landing. He was midway between the fourth and fifth floors when the Viking, carrying his gigantic flight bags like feathers, bounded past him, taking the steps three by three. He let himself into the room next to Philip's.  
Chambre 502, was small and minimally furnished but clean. A balcony looked out on the street. 
Philip stood in the middle of the room, the very first room of his own, for a minute. 
Then he opened his valises and transferred his clothing to the waxed chest of drawers and the big waxed wardrobe with mirrored doors. He carefully arranged his good gray suit on the back of the chair for tomorrow's lecture. He emptied his briefcase. He placed on the table the two-hundred-page typed manuscript of his thesis-in-progress, the lecture index cards, the miniature bottle of Bordeaux, his wallet and the room key. On the slightly scruffy gray carpet alongside his bed he placed the Michelin guide to Paris, a guide to the museums of Paris, a guide to the châteaux in the outskirts of the capital.
He was sweating badly and longed for a shower before he went to bed. But of course a one-star French hotel didn't have showers either, not even a communal one in the corridor. He'd known that when he reserved a room in the place. A friend had recommended the hotel and explained the technique of what he called a “whore-bath.” The operation involved acrobatic use of the bidet. There was a bidet in Chambre 502, very visible. He'd experiment with it tomorrow morning. His stay in Paris would necessarily be Spartan, monkish, almost. 
Philip shined his shoes for tomorrow and then washed his hands and face and methodically brushed his teeth. Undressed, he hesitated between his summer and his winter pajamas. He finally chose the prudent pair. 
He wound his watch and was setting the traveling-clock alarm for safe eight, three hours before the lecture, when he heard cries, dull explosions and the smashing of glass outside. 
Philip struggled into his bathrobe, pulled the window open and stepped out on the balcony cautiously. His eyes burned a little. On the balcony next to his, the Viking was looking on, heroically stripped to the waist above bright green pajama bottoms. Across the way, other spectators stood behind half-opened windows and on balconies.   
A white-haired old man, lopsided against the weight of his big valise, was making his way down the other side of the street towards the hotel. Every few seconds he looked back over his shoulder fearfully in the direction of the cries and smashing, much louder now.  
A group of chanting demonstrators ran into the street. They were armed with iron bars and heavy lengths of wood. Booted helmeted riot-cops advanced on them like huge robot praying mantises with their chitinous transparent shields, their protective viziers like great panoramic insect eyes above grim mouths and massive chins. Their long supple black clubs seemed to be organic extensions. They reminded Philip of alien creatures he'd encountered in teenage readings of science fiction (Azimov? H.G. Wells?). 
One of the demonstrators stumbled and fell. Three praying mantises bent over him. Their long supple clubs rose and fell. It was the first violence Philip had witnessed outside of movies. Seen from that height, without close-ups, it seemed less real than on a screen.
A slender mini-skirted girl with a red scarf stood her ground. She was holding a paving stone in one hand and had a desperado wet cloth over her mouth and nose. She tossed her short black wild hair out of her eyes and shouted defiance over the explosion of tear-gas grenades. She leaned back in graceful torsion to hurl the paving stone. Her long bare legs muscled dramatically. 
Her raised arm pulled up her black sweater. There was a sudden show of skin, very white and taut beneath the breastbone. Her navel was stretched to a slit. 
She launched the stone in an inexpert overhead movement that made Philip think of what Widow Douglas had said to Huck Finn, that girls always threw things that clumsy way. The paving stone described a feeble arc and, miraculously (beginner's luck maybe), struck a helmet. Dazed, the cop dropped his shield.   
The old man with the valise struggled across the street toward the hotel entrance. His mouth opened convulsively on perfect teeth as he gasped for breath. Philip saw him foreshortened below, his white hair sparse over his scalp. He jabbed at the bell-button just as the girl ran past him. 
The beefy cop she’d scored a hit on shook off daze and lumbered after her, club raised. He gathered momentum. She veered about and made for the hotel door, now open.  She jostled the old man to one side and disappeared within. 
The old man cried out indignantly, recovered his balance and was pushing against the door which, visibly, she was trying to pull shut from the other side, when the cop came like an express and slammed into him with his massive shoulder as if battering down a flimsy door. 
The old man spun about; something sprang out of his gaping mouth; his glasses flew off; his valise was wrenched out of his grasp. It seemed like an unreal parody of senseless violence, like a Tom and Jerry cartoon. 
The old man sank to the sidewalk, close to his smashed glasses and grinning dentures and didn't move.  
Philip started weeping violently. It was the tear-gas. He left the balcony, pushed the window shut on the uproar and locked it. He wiped his eyes, went over to the door, hesitated and finally opened it, cautiously. A second later the door next to his opened wide and the half-naked Viking stood on the threshold.  
Philip could hear loud voices below, the cop's, he guessed, and the protesting receptionist. He heard feet thumping up the staircase, halting a second at each landing. She'd be trapped at the fifth floor unless there was a welcoming door. 
Philip didn't close his door but he didn’t open it wide. He gave her (and himself) that five-inch gap and waited, his heart beating violently as it had during the turbulence plummet.  
“Ici, Mademoiselle!” the man next door said in a strong accent. 
Philip could hear her panting as she went past his own not entirely closed door. He caught a glimpse of her bare legs and red scarf as she vanished into the Viking’s room.   

Later, in bed and sleepless, he analyzed the event. He recalled his conviction, standing there on his side of the threshold, that he was on the verge of the wildest of adventures, an adventure involving great risk but also, somehow, a radical transformation of identity, suddenly longed for again after years of resignation. That rediscovered part of him wanted to pull the door totally open, pull it open so violently that the suction would accelerate her climb and sweep her into the haven of Chambre 502: more cartoon hyperbole. The other, familiar, part of him had dictated slamming the door shut on the mounting (mounting two-by-two) peril.  
It wasn't so much the pain and the incapacitating sequels of being beaten to a bloody pulp by the riot-cop that had commanded prudence. It was the image of his students, his very first students, waiting restlessly tomorrow while he lay in a hospital or in a jail. And even worse than that, the shame of possible expulsion from France, trying to explain it to his mother who had financed the trip to Europe, to his Ph.D. advisor who had arranged his Sorbonne appointment. 
So in that paralyzed stalemate between fear and desire he hadn’t slammed the door shut and he hadn’t pulled it wide open. He’d maintained the door slightly ajar, a compromise that left both options open. 
In the middle of the night, maybe inches from him on the other side of the wall he shared with the Viking, he thought he heard her panting again. He concentrated on his lecture, trying to deliver it in his head without the prompts of the index-cards. He had trouble doing it. 
At a bit past four he heard a scratching at his door. He got up, opened the door a crack, then wider. He stepped out in the dimly lit corridor. A one-eyed gray cat with a truncated tail looked up at him and said, “Mee-ow, Mee-ow,” no mistake about it this time. 
Philip saw a wallet on the top step of the stairs. He picked it up and returned to his room. 
The cheap red plastic wallet contained yellow second-class metro tickets, a social-security card and a carte d’identité. The ID photo showed a girl with dark intense eyes and, no longer concealed by the wet desperado cloth, a strangely sensitive mouth. Her name was Jeanne Rougier and she was born in the fourteenth arrondissement of Paris on June 23, 1948 and was domiciled at 69 Rue Caulaincourt in the 18th arrondissement. There were two ten-franc banknotes in the bill-folder.  
It was out of the question knocking at the other door and awakening or interrupting them. He couldn’t leave the wallet in front of the Viking’s door either because the cleaning woman might get to it before Jeanne did. He’d take care of the matter tomorrow.
He placed the wallet on the table between the miniature bottle of Bordeaux and the alarm clock and went back to bed.  He got no sleep until faint dawn. 

He awoke to strong morning light and knew something was radically wrong. It focused. The alarm clock that should have awakened him at eight. He sat bolt upright, grabbed his glasses and stared at the terrible angle of the hands: ten to ten. His watch confirmed the catastrophe. The alarm hadn't gone off. His lecture was in a little more than an hour.  
In a ten-minute whirlwind he shaved and dressed. He didn’t even brush his teeth. He consulted his map of Paris feverishly, shoved the lecture-notes in the briefcase, grabbed his wallet and the key, thundered down the stairs and burst out of the hotel. He hardly noticed the lingering smell of tear-gas in the street, the smashed shop-windows, and the fact that the old man no longer lay crumpled on the sidewalk. 
He ran all the way to the Odéon metro station. A brass folding gate had been pulled across the entrance. The metro was on strike. Nobody stood waiting at the bus stops. The buses were on strike too. 
He consulted his map again and set out for the address they’d given him, hoping for a passing taxi. 
Taxis passed, none of them free. He ran and ran. Then he jogged. Then he walked. Then, wound down and not even halfway there, he staggered and collapsed on a bench. Gasping for breath, he stared at the worsened hands of his watch. How could it have happened? His alarms, always carefully set, always went off. 
Now he recalled that the street violence had interrupted him on the point of setting this supremely important alarm. The incident with the girl had driven the uncompleted operation out of his mind. 
He saw her again, hurling the paving stone with clumsy grace, the slit of her stretched navel beneath the black sweater, heard her again pounding and panting up the stairs toward him, pictured her intense eyes and sensitive mouth on the ID photo and wondered how he would get the wallet to her. Dangerously distractive again, she began driving out of his mind the very thing the alarm was to have awakened him for. 
He shook free of her and got up. He began running and jogging and walking toward the Sorbonne.  

He expected historical old stones, witnesses of 12th century theological disputes and Abelard's passion, before castration, for Héloïse. Instead, he was confronted by prematurely aged high-rises with smoky spray-canned slogans man-high on the facades. The identical buildings were plunked down geometrically on acres of concrete without a mitigating flower or blade of grass. He wandered about in the midst of hurrying students, looking for Building 3. But giant posters of revolutionary heroes covered the numbers of the buildings. He visited Marx, Fidel Castro and then Mao and finally asked a moderate-looking student where Building 3 was. 
“Bâtiment 3? Là-bas, Patrice Lumumba.” 
Philip entered the building. The concrete floor was littered with papers and cigarette butts. Overlapping vehement posters covered the walls. He saw his own name, neither extravagantly praised nor extravagantly denounced, among them. It was the poster that announced the first of his Poe lectures at eleven o’clock. He looked at his watch again. Seven minutes to eleven. 
He hurried over to the three elevators. Scrawled notices were scotch-taped to the doors. Two of them announced En Panne and the other Hors Service, two different ways, he knew, of saying “out of order.” He found the raw concrete staircase and stormed up two-by-two, panting badly, to the seventh floor. He couldn’t be late for his very first university lecture. Except in bad dreams he was never late for appointments. 
Finally he got to Room 708, a bare two minutes before his class. He leaned against the corridor wall opposite, wiping the sweat off his face, wanting to loosen the knot of his tie but tightening it instead. He waited for his heart and breathing to return to normal. Then he stepped inside. 
There were about sixty students in the big classroom, a fair turnout, he judged. They were chatting, yawning, reading newspapers. Glassed cupboards lined the walls. The shelves bore dusty fossilized shells and jars with organs floating in them. In a corner dangled an articulated human skeleton. A thoughtful mood-setting adjunct for his Poe lecture? 
His teaching career began here and now. He stepped onto the podium, positioned his index-cards on the lectern, cleared his throat and began by explaining the scope and intent of this initial lecture. 
The students up front looked puzzled. Students in the rear yelled, impolitely: “Plus fort!” That meant “Louder!” and could only be a command addressed to him. 
Flushing, he repeated his opening remarks but much louder. Now the students in the rear started chanting like street demonstrators: “Français! Français!” “French! French!” was another command addressed to him.  
Philip was terror-stricken. In his correspondence with the Sorbonne people he'd been assured that his lectures would be in English. It was a nightmare situation, to be forced, and on the spur of the moment, to lecture in French. It was the wildest of adventures. It reminded him of his recurrent nightmare: being examined on a subject he should have studied but hadn’t. 
In his halting French he managed a wobbly sentence, informing them that he would be analyzing The Fall of the House of Usher, the key to Poe’s psychosymbolic approach. 
“French! French!” the students in the rear went on chanting as though they didn't recognize what he was painfully producing as their native tongue. 
At that moment a burly bearded bearish man, exuding ill-tempered authority, entered the classroom like a king his throne-room. He glared at Philip and marched up to the lectern. Philip clearly decoded an outraged, “What are you doing here?” It was followed by an imperious: “Kindly vacate this spot instantly and take your seat!” 
Clearly the man took him for a student. It was some sort of humiliating mix-up. 
Mumbling excuses, half in English, half in French, Philip retreated before the other's overwhelming assurance. Excusing himself again he returned and grabbed his lecture index cards. They spilled out of his hands onto the floor. He apologized again, knelt before the man and started picking them up. The students were laughing and applauding, as though it were some sort of comic performance for their benefit. Risking a quick upward glance, Philip saw the bear-king glowering down at him, arms akimbo, his beard bristling with rage.  
A thin spectacled girl in gray approached, excused herself and asked, in polite English (“Sir”), if he was Mr. Richmond. He nodded, haggard and speechless. She excused herself again (“Sir”) and deferentially approached the bear-king whom she addressed as “Monsieur le Professeur.” She explained something to him. 
It had a magic effect on the man. He descended from his wooden pedestal with a grieved expression, exclaimed, “Excusez-moi donc, cher collègue!” and actually bent down with a grunt and started picking up the cards. The thin girl protested, clearly scandalized at majesty stooping to the menial task. She replaced the professor. 
Garnering the cards very rapidly, she explained that a mistake had been made (“désolée!”), this was not his classroom, something Philip suspected by now.
The girl handed him the cards, saying, “Thank you, Sir,” as though he'd conferred a favor by allowing her to pick them up. She excused herself and deferentially asked Monsieur le Professeur something. He nodded and she went over to the blackboard. She took a piece of chalk and squeaked on the blackboard in practiced print: 

ATTENTION! LA CONFERENCE DE M. RICHMOND A LIEU EN SALLE 502 BATIMENT 6  A  11H. 30.  

He followed her out of the classroom, cheeks burning, to a sarcastic burst of applause. She turned to Philip. “Sir, if you would follow me?”  
She guided him to the exit and they started down the littered staircase. In despair he asked if he would have any students. He was already a quarter of an hour late for the lecture. 
No, he was not late, she assured him, not only the classroom but the time too had been changed. Philip remembered what she'd printed on the blackboard: eleven-thirty, not eleven. 
He felt much better, very grateful to her. 
The girl apologized in her excellent English for the “unforgivable bureaucratic confusion.” She explained that at the last moment the classroom had been changed. The posters announcing his lectures had been printed and put up by then. The Sorbonne functionaries should have pasted the new classroom number and time switch over the original ones but hadn't on all of the posters. She'd noticed the oversight at the last moment and had come here just in case. How fortunate that she had! she added. 
Philip could only agree. He asked if she belonged to the Sorbonne administration. 
“Oh no, I am a student,” she replied and then warned him about a broken cement step and apologized for it, also for the dirt and litter and the en panne lifts. In the old days the Sorbonne hadn't at all been like this, she said. 
Philip wondered if by “old days” she meant the 12th century.
They emerged from Patrice Lumumba and hurried into Mao. The three elevators there were also en panne. They climbed up to the fifth floor and, just in time, reached the right classroom. By the strangest of coincidences it was numbered 502, like his hotel room. 
Twenty-odd students were badly outnumbered by empty seats. The thin girl slipped into one up front. She opened her big leather handbag and took out a notebook and three ballpoint pens. She uncapped one of the pens and poised it expectantly over a page, waiting for him to begin.  
He began. His very first class turned out, very rapidly, to be a failure. Worse than a failure: a fizzle, a washout, a flop, a dud, a fiasco. The curse of 502. By the third sentence their faces went blank, their eyes glazed. Nobody seemed to understand him except the thin girl in gray whose pen never paused. The others leaned over, craned their necks, trying to peer at each other's notes and then gave it up. 
He’d grossly overestimated their aural proficiency in English. Anyhow, he realized, with all those subordinate clauses, fine-honed analyses, and carefully balanced judgments, his style was more appropriate for a scholarly article than for a lecture. 
The classroom was filled with whispers and mumbles and coughs and the creaking of chairs.  
He broke off. The girl came to his rescue again. She stood up, excused herself to him, and clapped her hands sharply and addressed the class in rapid French, apparently upbraiding them like unruly kindergarten pupils. It was true she looked older than the others. He caught over and over a respectful “Monsieur Richmond” and a sharp “impolitesse!” 
Having achieved absolute silence for him, she excused herself again and sat down.  
For a while things improved. He simplified his style and slowed down. Maybe they were getting a little something now? 
But his first page reference caused a mystified babble. It turned out that the students had three different editions of Poe’s tales, one of them the inaccurate Baudelaire translation. Philip had been careful to stipulate the edition to the Sorbonne people: Everyman’s. Hadn't they relayed the information to the students? 
The thin girl with the glasses took charge of things again. She announced that she had Mr. Richmond’s edition and would coordinate his references to their editions. She sat down between two students. Each time he situated a citation in Everyman’s she located it with uncanny rapidity in the other editions to her left and right and announced in a high clear voice: “Modern Library: page 214, paragraphe 3, Baudelaire: page 143, paragraphe 2.” Necessarily, the operation was time-consuming and led to a certain confusion, some of the students taking the paragraph number for the page number, and visa-versa.  
At one point Philip had to draw a diagram. He turned to the blackboard, a jumble of chemical formulas, left-wing slogans and German noun declensions. There was no eraser. There was no chalk either. 
By this time he wasn’t surprised when the girl in gray solved his problem. She delved into her big leather handbag and came up with two pieces of chalk and handed them to him like an offering (“Sir”). She took a wet sponge from a pail in the corner and swept the board clean with quick efficient gestures. Then she sat down quickly and quietly. 
Philip drew a simplified representation of Usher’s house. He zigzagged a staircase. It arose from the underground vault where Usher had buried his twin sister alive (the tabooed incestuous impulse banished to the depths of the Unconscious, he reminded them) and it ended at Usher’s top-story chamber, which symbolized Consciousness. With a certain drama, Philip’s finger traced Lady Usher’s catatonic climb. 
But instead of Poe’s heroine struggling up the staircase in her bloodstained shroud, Philip couldn’t help imagining Jeanne Rougier going up another staircase to top-story Chambre 502 with its bidet and wardrobe mirror reflecting the bed. 
He tried to banish the girl with the red scarf to the vault of his Unconscious but couldn't. 
He broke off helplessly. But they weren’t listening to him now. He heard a babble of voices and the scrape of chair legs on the floor He turned around. The students were gathering up their belongings. Some were already at the door. 
Instinctively he looked at the girl in gray. She pointed at her watch and looked désolée. He looked at his watch: twelve-thirty. He hadn’t covered even a third of his lecture.  
His face burning with humiliation, Philip grabbed up his index cards and his briefcase and wandered out into the corridor. He walked fast in the opposite direction from the stream of students. On the wall he saw a painted arrow with the word Sortie. That meant “Way out.” He badly wanted out and away. 
The empty corridor seemed endless. More and more of the overhead bulbs had been smashed. He walked on in deepening gloom. He thought he heard footsteps behind him and walked faster. 
Finally he came to a second staircase exit. Trestles barred it. On the door was a scotch-taped paper with a hand-printed warning: DANGER! ENTREE INTERDITE! He squeezed past the trestles and started groping his way down in nearly total darkness. The staircase smelled of stale tobacco smoke and old urine. 
The girl’s alarmed voice echoed down the stairwell. 
“Sir, excuse me for troubling you once again but if you are seeking the way out it is not there. It might be perilous there.”  
And yes, she was right, very perilous. Inches from his toes, as he could now make out, dizzy at the sight, the staircase broke off on void, a ten-foot drop onto concrete below. Had a radical bomb blown away the rest of the staircase? She'd practically saved his life. Was it worth saving?
Philip climbed back up into safety and the girl guided him out of the Mao building. She apologized for the other students. They were for the most part First Year students, she explained, with a scanty cultural baggage and a poor grasp of English. She herself had found his lecture fascinating. She asked him questions on it as they walked up the rue du Cardinal Lemoine. 
Those intelligent questions salvaged things from the wreckage of his lecture. Philip began feeling a little better.
It started raining hard. They ducked under a café awning and waited for it to stop. It didn't stop. She had more precious salvaging questions on Usher. They were hard to make out, though, with the drumming of the rain on the canvas overhead. 
He invited her inside. They sat in the rear, as far away as possible from the noisy jukebox, the TV and the binging and buzzing pinball machines. They both removed their rain-spattered glasses and wiped them with a handkerchief. She had neatly distributed unremarkable features. Her eyes, like his, were gray.
His appetite started returning. He'd had no breakfast that morning and just a hot-dog the night before. He ordered saucisses-frites (he didn't know what it was but it sounded good) and a beer. She ordered a mixed salad and a glass of mineral water. Saucisses turned out to be another way of saying “hot-dogs.” The French fried potatoes that accompanied them were frozen like American fried potatoes. The beer had a soapy taste. 
She inquired about the House-Brain analogy in Usher. He went into great detail. It was practically a second lecture. The response was gratifying. She posed more pertinent questions between sips of mineral water. He complimented her on her English, perfect, he said. “Oh, would that it were,” she said. 
The waiter came over with the check. She reached for her bag. “Please, let me,” he said. The price of a salad and a glass of mineral water was small payment for what she’d done for his morale, not to mention saving his life. He overrode her blushing protests by thrusting his hand in his inside breast pocket, an imperious Napoleonic gesture. 
Waterloo. 
He stared down at the cheap red plastic wallet he'd pulled out. In his panic back in the hotel he’d grabbed the wrong one. For hours he'd been bearing Jeanne Rougier in the region of his heart. Her image came back powerfully. 
Then he realized his present humiliating situation, still another one. Jeanne Rougier's two ten-franc bills didn’t come close to covering the check. His face must have been white. The girl was looking at him in polite concern. 
Stammering, he said that he had no money on him, that this wallet wasn't his, that he’d found it that very morning in the street in front of his hotel where he'd left his own wallet.  She looked puzzled but naturally didn't question the plausibility of forgetting one's own wallet and finding somebody else's, both operations practically simultaneous. 
“Oh, there is no problem, Mr. Richmond.” She reached for her big leather bag and paid for his snack as well as her own. He said emphatically that naturally he would pay her back the next time. 
“I am only too happy to be of assistance,” she murmured. Probably to relieve his embarrassment, she focused on the problem of the red wallet. The normal procedure in France on finding a wallet, she said, was to hand it over to the police who then notified the owner. There was a police station just across the street.
Philip objected that he had no confidence in the police. He recounted the police brutalities he’d witnessed that night. The student said that, yes, the police were often guilty of senseless violence but were reliable when it came to lost wallets. Reminding her that the policeman had deliberately smashed the old man, Philip said that in his opinion it would be better if he handed the wallet back to the person himself. 
He removed the carte d'identité, looked at the address and asked the girl if the Rue Caulaincourt was within walking distance. 
She blinked politely. He realized he must have mangled the name of the street. He handed her the carte d'identité. She gazed at it for a while and remarked that the person was practically a neighbor of hers. She lived in a street parallel to her own, a five-minute walk from her flat. 
But the Rue Caulaincourt was certainly not within walking distance of where they were now, she added. And the buses and metro trains weren't running. She offered to hand back the wallet herself. It was impossible to survive in France without one's carte d'identité. If the person was out, she would leave it with the concierge. She had a car and was returning home immediately in any case.
She kept on holding Jeanne Rougier. 
She was trying to be helpful again. Philip knew he should have been thankful, but he couldn't help feeling vague irritation. On his very first day in another continent, three thousand miles from Middletown (at last on his own), he'd found himself totally dependent on this plain thin girl whose name he didn't even know and who in the space of an hour had guided him out of the wrong classroom into the right one, had maintained order in that right one, had supplied chalk, had cleaned the blackboard, had saved his life, had comforted him and had paid for his snack. 
Now, anxious to assist him again, she’d just outlined perfectly reasonable behavior with Jeanne Rougier's wallet. 
“Thank you, but I think that perhaps it might be wiser for me to give the wallet back to the person myself,” he said, stubbornly unreasonable. 
She handed back the carte d'identité, murmuring, “Of course,” and reddening a little. 
“I don't want to trouble you,” he said lamely, reddening too. 
Then, his heart astonished at it, he heard himself blurt out: “Or myself, for that matter. Let her come to my hotel and pick it up.”
He felt his blush deepen at having formulated the thing out loud to himself and to this nameless girl. It was a kind of involuntary indecent exposure. Her own deepening blush signaled, he thought, that she understood what was implicit in his words.  
Apologizing for pursuing the matter, the girl pointed out that the person would have to be notified. She offered to translate his message and leave it at the person's place that very afternoon. 
“If it's not too much trouble,” he replied instantly, thankful but uncomfortably aware of the inconsistency of his arguments. Leaving the wallet at Jeanne's apartment would be too much trouble for the student but leaving a message there wouldn't be. The difference in weight between a wallet and a note was negligible. 
She carefully detached a sheet from her loose-leaf notebook. He dictated the information that his name was Philip Richmond, that he had found her wallet in the street and that it would be at her disposition at the Hôtel Riquier, 37 Rue Cujas, Room 502. He signed beneath her neat handwriting.


She drove him back to the Quartier Latin in her tiny tinny Fiat 500, a rattling pot on wheels. He sat alongside her, his knees jack-knifed to the level of his chin. “This is not an American car,” she cried apologetically. Normal conversation was impossible with the noise of the lawn-mower engine, the vibrations and the cracking sounds of the gearshift and he was glad of it because all his thoughts were focused on the moment, a few hours away, when he'd be opening the door of Chambre 502, wide this time, on Jeanne Rougier. 
He outlined self-addressed do's and don'ts for the novel situation. 
Don't: blush and stammer. 
Don't: dress formally as for a lecture. 
Don't: whip out the wallet and hand it to her over the threshold in a gesture of dismissal, don't don't do that. 
Do: greet her with self-possession. 
Do: grope in his pockets and say (in French necessarily): “What did I do with it” and invite her to sit down at the table while he poked around in pretended search of her wallet. 
Do: maintain her at the table with things to nibble and sip.  
So far so good. But after? How did things develop after that? Wouldn't she get up immediately, thank him and disappear into the Viking's room? She knew the way. The presence of the Viking next door troubled him deeply.
   
As soon as he stepped inside the hotel lobby Philip remembered his mother and the promised call first thing on arriving. How could he have forgotten her that long? She must be sick with worry. 
He expected emotion on her part but right off the bat she asked if he'd eaten any Brussels sprouts in Brussels. He knew that of course she must have rung up Kennedy Airport. She wanted to know how the lecture had gone. Very well, he lied. She wanted to know if he'd digested all those frogs' legs. So far, he said, he'd eaten nothing but hot-dogs. It was common fare over here. Also American-style French-fries. They also had high-rises and jukeboxes and pinball machines. He said that in a few minutes he was going to the Bibliothèque Nationale. That was another lie and he wondered at it.  
“Aren't you going to see the sights first?” Her voice was astonishingly clear. It was as though she were in the hotel lobby, abolishing its foreignness. 
“Hey, you, Phil. Why don't you relax a little for a change? All work and no play. Don't be so serious all the time, Jack. Have a little fun in Gay Paree.” 
Philip was on the point of flatly excluding the possibility of having fun. But he realized that his description of Paris hadn't sounded enthusiastic. Maybe she wasn't being topsy-turvy about things as usual. Maybe she did want him to have a little fun. 
“But not too much fun, Phil,” she said. “Watch your step, huh? And keep those letters coming.”

On the second-floor landing Philip encountered an elderly lady with bluish-white hair struggling with a heavy valise. Naturally he offered to help her, in French. “Oh, I'm afraid I don't understand French, Monsieur,” she said in a southern accent. Philip repeated his offer in English. 
“Oh, how awfully nice of you, and an American too, I can tell from your accent, and here in Paris! It surely is a small world. I'm afraid my room is on the fifth floor.” 
By the time they reached it, she had learned (without his having volunteered the information) his name, age, native city, the widowed status of his mother and the reasons for his presence in Paris. Philip had learned (without asking) that she was a recent widow from Nashville, Tennessee and had always dreamed of visiting Paris with her husband, Henry. 
She said, “Oh, we're neighbors! It's a small world, all right!” as they both unlocked their doors. 
Her room was the Viking's room. He felt deeply relieved that his rival was gone.
Chambre 502 had been done up during his absence. It was ten past two. In two hours Jeanne Rougier might be there. He had to prepare things. 
Philip returned to the Boulevard Saint Michel. It was crowded. A few hundred yards away he knew there was the famed fountain and beyond it the celebrated embankments with their second-hand bookshops and of course the Seine below with lovers and barges. He couldn't see them because of the crowd but he'd seen it all in so many films and photo-books. 
He turned into a side street and gazed at a patisserie window with fancy cakes and tarts. Then he gazed at a wine-shop window. He resisted the expensive temptations. Placing a bottle of costly wine and fancy pastry on his table would seem too calculating, a lure. He remembered the unopened bag of peanuts he'd bought at Kennedy Airport plus the miniature bottle of Bordeaux the supple blue-eyed Air France hostess had given him. He purchased two wineglasses for it. 
On his way back to the hotel Philip saw a huge tricolor cat asleep in a bookstore display window. It made him think of the 4 a.m. cat that had alerted him to Jeanne Rougier's red wallet. Its small-hour “Mee-ow, Mee-ow” reminded him of the demonstrators' chanted “Mao! Mao!” Inches from the tricolor cat, by a strange coincidence, was a copy of Le Petit Livre Rouge by the very same Mao. Philip had a sudden inspiration and bought the book along with the Harrap's Shorter English-French Français-Anglais dictionary. 
When he got back to Chambre 502 he shed his formal jacket and tie, undid the top button of his shirt and rolled up the sleeves. It was casual although of course nothing as casual as the way the Viking had welcomed her that night, stripped to the waist in bright green pajama bottoms, which he must have shed minutes later. Philip shivered. Hadn't the hotel turned the heating on yet? 
He placed the wineglasses on the table alongside the miniature bottle of Bordeaux. He poured the peanuts into an ashtray and placed it next to the bottle. He painstakingly chose a casual corner of the table for Le Petit Livre Rouge. 
The Little Red Book, probably her Bible, would be a perfect springboard for conversational involvement with Jeanne once he'd handed the wallet back. He knew he wasn't good at small talk. But he could talk big for hours about ideas. He'd already done that with girls, intellectual unattractive girls though, most recently about Usher to the thin Sorbonne student. This was something entirely different.
Philip started leafing through the celebrated book, on the lookout for conversational launching pads. It was very arid going, a mass of platitudes and hollow slogans. Still, there might be room for a fruitful discussion with Jeanne Rougier on Mao's utilitarian party-line approach to art: 
“All our literature and art are for the masses of the people, and in the first place for the workers, peasants and soldiers.” 
Where did that leave Mallarmé or James Joyce or Henry James? Would she defend the following radically mistaken judgment?
 “Among the whites in the US it is only the reactionary ruling circles who oppress the black people.”
Or this one?
“The atomic bomb is a paper tiger which US reactionaries use to scare people. It looks terrible but in fact it isn't.”
Philip hunted for citations that would allow him to get the discussion with her off politics. He wasn't really interested in politics.
Suddenly in the middle of all those cast-iron certitudes, those solemnly propounded dogmas, this:  
“The world is yours as well as ours, but in the last analysis, it is yours. You young people, full of vigor and vitality, are in the bloom of life, like the sun at eight or nine in the morning.”
He knuckled down to work, not on Henry James, but on Mao. With the assistance of Harrap’s he laboriously constructed sentences in French that refuted the Chairman's foolishly optimistic views on racism and the atom bomb. 
Time passed as Philip worked over the tenses and gender of his arguments. Each time he heard footsteps in the staircase his heart reacted and he got up and stood next to the door. 
Then he returned to his refutations.  
By nine o'clock he was starving. There was no question of leaving his room for any length of time. That ruled out the longed-for gastronomical adventure. There was a small café across the street. He looked up “to be back” in Harrap’s, printed “De Retour Très Bientôt” on a sheet of paper and scotch-taped it to the door.   
His first idea was to eat at the café sidewalk terrace, which commanded a view of the hotel entrance. But it was drizzling. Anyhow, at that distance it wasn't sure he'd be able to recognize Jeanne Rougier if she came. Her black sweater and black mini-skirt (he pictured her long lithe bare legs beneath it) and her red scarf were probably a kind of radical uniform reserved for demonstrations. Naturally she wouldn't be holding a paving stone, bare-naveled. So he went inside the café and ordered a beer and a sandwich,  jambon-gruyère. He knew what that was. 
He gulped down the beer, paid, and, munching the ham-and-cheese sandwich, returned to Chambre 502. He removed the scotch-taped message from the door and waited. 
He waited and waited. 
How could she survive without her carte d'identité?  
How could he survive, waiting and waiting for her to come for it?
At midnight he brushed his teeth, wound up his watch as he always did at day's end and went to bed. He rehearsed in his mind the French phrases he'd hammered out in refutation of Chairman Mao. He imagined her listening closely to him as he'd seen her on the ID photo with her intense dark eyes and sensitive mouth or, less plausibly, as he'd seen her from the balcony, in a posture of split-second intensely graceful immobility, her arm over her head, about to let fly with the paving stone. 

When he awoke there was faint light at the window. It was six.  He got out of bed and pulled his clothes on. Wasn't it possible that Jeanne Rougier worked in one of the numerous bookstores in the neighborhood? She might decide to drop in for her wallet before work, maybe in an hour. Philip scotch-taped “De Retour Très Bientôt” back on the door and went to the corner boulangerie where he bought four croissants.   
Once again he untaped the message from his door. He removed the peanuts, the Bordeaux and the wineglasses from the table. He placed the four fragrant croissants on it. His mouth watered. He pulled his clothes off and tried to take a whore-bath at the bidet. He got much more water on the floor than on himself and pulled a muscle in his side. Maybe you had to be a skilled whore to manage it. He decided to investigate the bains publics his knowledgeable informant had spoken of.
He munched one of the croissants as he tried to concentrate on his thesis. Impossible. He went back to his refutations of Mao. Every five minutes he stared at Jeanne's photo and got up and looked out of the window at the street below. By nine o'clock he'd devoured a second croissant. He started constructing a brief autobiography for her. It began before his own birth with his father's heroic fall.  
By ten he realized she wouldn't be coming that morning and he ate the last two croissants, although he had a slight upset stomach. He was used to his mother's cooking.
He couldn't spend the whole day in a hotel room. He calculated that if Jeanne had a job then he could safely leave his room between 9:30 and 12:00 and again between 2:30 and 5:30. But suppose she was a student? Students got out of class at all hours. No hour was really safe.
At noon he placed the peanuts and the miniature bottle of Bordeaux and the two wineglasses back on the table and waited. At two he scotch-taped his message back on the door and went downstairs to the reception desk and left word that if somebody asked for him he would be back by four. 
    Philip spent two hours shopping. Back in Middletown he'd imagined his first shopping in Paris as a cultural spree at the second-hand bookstalls along the Seine, delving for the desirable objects his knowledgeable informant had described. Beautifully bound old books, of course, but also dirt-cheap precious things to adorn the walls of the first room of his own: Daumier lithographs and 18th century maps and 19th century Japanese prints and African masks. 
Instead, Philip bought an alcohol lamp, a bottle of wood-alcohol, a saucepan, a dish, a soup-plate, a teaspoon, a fork, a knife, a soup-spoon, a dish-towel, washing-up liquid, salt, pepper, a large bottle of mineral water, half a dozen eggs, four slices of ham, a baguette, two apples, two oranges, two dusty cans of Campbell's soup, (cream of mushroom and asparagus-tips) and an inefficient-looking can-opener. He put it all out on the balcony.  

She didn't come that evening. Shortly before midnight he had insipid cream of mushroom soup, a few reluctant mouthfuls of stale baguette washed down with mineral water, a slice of ham and a sour orange. He brushed his teeth, wound his watch and went to bed. He slept poorly.
  
The next day, his third in Paris, was pretty much like the first one except that now he was entirely self-sufficient and didn't have to leave the room for meals. He picked at his food. His upset stomach had worsened. He told himself that he was making progress in written French with his refutations and his autobiography. But she didn't come for them. 
That night a sore throat and a persistent cough kept him awake. He pitched and tossed and thought of Jeanne Rougier postured with the Viking. He banished the images, muttering in the darkness, “What's the matter with me?” He thought he was running a temperature. He decided to break free of the room and the girl with the red scarf and start in on his research tomorrow.

At the Bibliothèque Nationale he sat in a vast room with a hundred long tired tables where rheumy-eyed seedy scholars sat side by side in concentrated solitude. Each had a grimy green-capped lamp. Dust from old documents hung suspended in the cones of light. There was a constant background sound of coughs and heavily cleared throats. But nothing moved in the vast room except when a heavily veined hand turned a page of yellowed periodicals. 
While waiting for the ancient uniformed functionary to bring him his own old periodicals in a squeaking wheeled cart, Philip took the red wallet out of his briefcase. He stared at the dark defiant eyes and strangely contradictory sensitive mouth and imagined her in the graceful violent attitude he'd viewed from his balcony and, shamefully, imagined her again in other attitudes not viewed. 
The wheeled cart squeaked down the aisle and stopped behind his seat. The yellowed periodicals were transferred to his cone of light. He bent over them and took notes for a while and then gave it up. His thesis seemed meaningless, an empty fossilized shell gathering dust on a shelf behind glass. What's happening to me? He almost said it aloud again. He got up and left.
He returned to the hotel.  No one had asked for him at the desk.

His upset stomach settled into permanent nausea with the canned food and cold cuts he lived on now. He felt he was running a temperature. He spent most of the days on his back on the bed, waiting. He learned the pattern of cracks in the ceiling by heart.

At almost nine in the morning, another day, Philip was going down the stairs for more bread and mineral water when he encountered the blue-haired elderly widow from Nashville, Tennessee. She asked if he was feeling well. He didn't look very well, she added. He had to accompany her slow descent while she put him in the picture about her guided sightseeing activities: Tuesday this and that, Wednesday that and this, etc. etc. It hardly registered until she said what a thrilling Sunday they'd had yesterday.
For once contradictory, Philip cut her off and said that today was Sunday. 
“Oh, you are in the clouds, Philip! Yesterday was Sunday, of course. So that makes today Monday, doesn't it? Well anyhow…”
“Monday!” He almost yelled it.
He stormed the stairs to his room and checked the time and place of his first translation class. 
Building Seven, Room 604, Monday, October 12, 11 a.m. 
He looked at his watch. Nine twenty-two.  
A narrow escape. He had a good hour and a half to make it to his translation class. Jeanne Rougier had come close to sabotaging this second class of his as she had the first. He felt angry at her and angry at himself for allowing her to do it. He went over to the washbasin mirror and combed his hair. He removed his watch and washed his hands.
He was drying them when a soft knock came on the door. 
One part of him thought: at last!  Another part of him thought, not now! 
He didn't move. It was like the door, days ago, that he'd wanted to pull wide open and had wanted to slam shut and finally had maintained in the status quo of a five-inch gap. The soft knock came again. 
 He went over and opened the door, wide this time. 
The blue-haired widow from Nashville, Tennessee excused herself and asked if she'd said something wrong. Philip said everything was all right, thanked her for setting him right about the day and apologized for his panicked behavior. 
But his panicked behavior went on. With all that time before him he didn't have to run but as soon as she'd withdrawn into her room, he struggled into his coat and fled Chambre 502.
    He strode stiff-legged in the familiar direction of the Sorbonne. It was raining again but a passing cab responded to his hail. He took it as a sign. His luck had turned. He caught his breath in the taxi and glanced at his wrist. It was bare. He realized he'd left his watch on the washbasin. He felt naked without it. But he knew he'd make his class in plenty of time.

Building Seven turned out to be Che Guevara. One of the three elevators wasn't en panne (or hors service). He took it for another sign of turned luck. He rose to the sixth floor.  
Room 604 was empty except for a girl in the rear reading a book. She looked up.  
“Mr. Richmond!” said the girl in gray, her face désolée for some reason.  
“You're the first student to come,” he said, not surprised at it.  
“Oh no, Mr. Richmond, no, the last to leave,” she said, timidly tragic about it. 
Philip had to sit down as he tried to cope with the inconceivable information that he'd missed his first translation class. The other students had waited for half an hour and then had left, she explained. 
“But I'm early!” he exclaimed in anger, outrage almost, as though it were all her fault. 
“My watch indicates 11:42,” she said apologetically.
Philip remembered the dial of his own watch as he'd seen it minutes before, the safe angle of the hands marking narrow escape. He understood now that when he returned to terrible Chambre 502 he'd see the hands at that same reassuring angle, still marking narrow escape from a disaster that had already happened. He must have forgotten to wind his watch before going to bed. He was losing his grip on time.
The girl tried to comfort him. “Believe me, Sir, it is less tragic than you think. Something similar has happened to me too.” 
Out in the street she went on consoling him. He still hadn't pronounced a word, couldn't.
It started raining, like the week before. She paused and said: 
“Mr. Richmond, I am truly ashamed but I have something to confess.” 
The rain came down harder. She suggested going into the café. It was the same café as the week before. He was looking about for a pretext not to when he remembered that he owed her money for his meal there. 
They went inside and sat at the same formica-topped table as the week before, as far as possible from the jukebox, the TV and the pinball machines. He ordered nothing at all, almost gagging at the thought of the saucisses-frites and the sliced ham and stale bread and the Campbell's soup and sour oranges and the other things he'd been subsisting on for days. He felt sure he'd never be hungry again in his life. 
Apparently she wasn't hungry either. She ordered a glass of mineral water.  
There was a long silence. 
Finally, setting down her empty glass and flushing, she explained that she'd stupidly lost his message to the person who had lost her wallet. She’d forgotten the person’s address. She knew it was Rue Caulaincourt, but couldn't remember the number or the person's family name. She’d wanted to contact him for it but couldn’t, since she'd forgotten the address of his hotel too. If he would give her the person’s address again she would take care of the matter immediately. She must be in bad need of her papers. 
Philip stared blindly at the big poster on the wall opposite. He was back to his starting point five days ago. He saw it all repeated, the long wait, saw himself imprisoned again in Chambre 502 waiting, intellectually disabled in the Bibliothèque Nationale, betraying his mother and his Ph.D. advisor. 
He went on staring at the big poster, seeing it now. It was publicity for the Louvre and featured a late nineteenth century impressionist picture. In a vast formal park an elegant young lady admired pink bedded roses. She held the leash of a tiny upper-class dog in one hand and a sunshade in the other. Sunlight muted by the taut silk illuminated her perfect profile, serene like the marble statues of nude Roman goddesses in the background. The pure blue sky imitated her blue blouse. 
It was the first serene beauty, the first sunshine, the first blue sky (or blue anything it seemed to him) he'd seen since he arrived in Europe. It was the gracious orderly France he'd dreamed of back in Middletown, but two-dimensional and hopelessly archaic, a vision totally contradicted by the real France he'd seen with its rainy sugar-beet fields, sex shops, fast foods, violence, and, here and now, the background noise of pinball machines, TV soccer, binging and buzzing pinball machines that he could hear as he sat nauseous at a formica-topped table.
The girl removed a loose-leaf notebook and a pen from her great leather bag. She saw what he was staring at and asked if he'd been to the Louvre yet. 
No, he said bitterly, he hadn't visited the Louvre or the Conciergerie, or the Orangerie. He hadn't even seen the Seine. The Seine was a few hundred yards from his hotel room but he hadn't seen it. He'd been in Paris for a week now, he said, and practically all he'd seen was the inside of his hotel room. 
“Have you been ill?” she asked. 
“I must have been,” he said.
She had removed a sheet from her loose-leaf notebook. Her pen was poised over the paper as she waited for the person's address. 
In a second he'd dictate the address again. She would rewrite the note and not lose it this time (it was already strange that such an efficient orderly person could have lost it the first time, a second time was unimaginable). He would wait again in Chambre 502 but just a few hours, he now realized. There would be no repetition of the long wait. 
That very evening the other girl would knock on his door. 
He was on the verge of it, the verge of more disorder. 
He had to pull back from it, the way, at this girl's warning voice, he'd pulled back from the broken staircase and the void below.
She said, timidly: “Unless of course, you would prefer that I give the person the wallet myself. By my fault she has been waiting for it for so long.”
Philip said that her original idea had been better than his. 
No Viking, no child of eight o'clock sun, he groped in his briefcase past his translation with the four variants for every sentence and removed the red wallet and held it out to her. 
“If you say it's no trouble…” 
She said that it was no trouble at all. Thanking him, as she'd thanked him days before for letting her pick up his index-cards, she took Jeanne Rougier's wallet and placed it along with the pen and the loose-leaf notebook in her bag. It was probably the simplest solution, she added. 
Now she returned to the subject of the Louvre. She said she'd got hopelessly lost there the first few times she'd visited it. It was a regular maze. Whichever way you went you ended up with the French Romantic machins, the giant Delacroix. You certainly are acquainted with Delacroix? 
He nodded, picturing the grandiloquent barricade scene with the half-naked allegorical figure of the Republic advancing boldly against reactionary fire and again he thought of the girl with the red scarf defying the police beneath his hotel window. 
It had taken her years to learn her way about, she said, to go directly to the Flemish primitives, her favorites. 
Flemish primitives were his favorites too, Philip said truthfully and then coughed and sneezed violently three times in quick succession. 
She asked if he was still ill. He spoke of a sore throat, insomnia, an upset stomach and possible fever. She listened as intensely to his symptoms as she had to the Brain-House analogy in Usher. She asked if he'd taken “asper-ine” or other medication. He said he hadn't. She opened her bag and stared within. 
Philip imagined, with the wild imagination of fever, that vast bag lined with miniature shelves and on them objects for immediate corrective interventions: pens, rulers, chalk, notebooks, calendars, carefully wound watches and alarm-clocks set to ring, compasses, maps, whatever else might cope with disorders and disorientation in time and space. And of course the red wallet, ready for sensible corrective treatment. 
She removed a tube of aspirin and a tin containing Vitamin C wafers to be slowly sucked to combat sore throat. 
He thanked her and began the treatment. 
Leaving the café he realized that he'd forgotten to pay for the last time. They reached her pot on wheels. Conversation was impossible there but when she let him out at the corner of the Boulevard Saint Michel and the Rue de Vaugirard she said that of course she didn't want to pester him but if some day he wanted to visit the Louvre and was afraid of getting lost in the maze as she herself had at the beginning she might guide him there, some day, if he wanted her to.  
Philip imagined the serene young lady in blue under the blue sky, no longer a miniaturized reproduction on a poster, but hanging authentic in a gilt frame on the museum wall. 
He said, yes, he did want her to, tomorrow, if she was free and if it was no trouble and if the Louvre was open.  
She said it was no trouble at all, she was free and she was sure the Louvre was open but hoped his “condition” would have improved by tomorrow.

Philip returned to his hotel room. He put the peanuts and the miniature bottle of Bordeaux at the back of the wardrobe shelf. He stuffed the wastepaper basket with his refutations of Mao and his skeleton autobiography, more about his heroic adventurous father than about himself, anyhow. He was tempted to toss Le Petit Livre Rouge in the basket too but he'd never destroyed a book in his life. Finally he placed the Chairman alongside Harrap’s and the guidebooks. He took three more asper-ines and another tablet to be sucked slowly.
He pulled the curtains and went to bed. It was five o'clock. 
Before the Vitamin C tablet had wholly dissolved on his tongue he fell into deep dreamless sleep. When Philip awoke fourteen hours later his fever and sore throat and upset stomach were gone. 

He arrived at three before the main entrance of the Louvre as agreed. She was there, dressed in autumnal brown now. He was dressed in his good gray suit with a quiet tie, softly gleaming shoes. Underneath, he was scrubbed and glowing from a long sojourn in the bains publics. 
The Louvre was closed, as it had been since the start of the troubles, so instead they took a long walk along the Seine embankment. It was a sunny day and the great blue sky over white bridges, golden domes and harmonious façades confirmed the celebrated Paris he'd seen so often in films and books. She identified monuments and herself. 
Her name was Jeannette Blanc and her father was a professor of Greek at the Sorbonne. Her poised efficiency during the Poe lecture (salvaging something from otherwise total fiasco) was explained when she told him that she was a certified lycée teacher of English trying for the agrégation. The agrégation was an extremely difficult nation-wide competitive examination, she explained. Higher salary and fewer hours of teaching and great prestige were attached to it. Successful candidates immediately had new visiting cards printed up, she added, perhaps humorously, with “agrégé” or “agrégée” after their name. Poe was one of the two American authors on the program along with Henry James (The Ambassadors). 
Philip told her about his Ph.D. thesis-in-progress, on Henry James, precisely. Jeannette Blanc was very interested and asked him lots of perceptive questions on it. Talking about his thesis to her made it come alive again. It became central once more. They looked at second-hand books and prints and maps. He bought two Daumiers. She showed him the authentic old stones of “the real Sorbonne.”
In the Ile de la Cité he stopped before a small restaurant that looked out on the Seine. He invited her for dinner. When she protested at the prices he reminded her that he owed her for two meals. 
It was his first genuine French meal. He’d never been so hungry in all his life. He saw escargots on the menu and with his good reading knowledge of the language knew it wasn't a third way of saying “hot-dogs.” He asked her what she thought of snails. She wondered whether, with all that butter and garlic, they wouldn't be hard to digest, particularly for someone who'd never before eaten escargots and who had just been ill. He followed her prudent advice. 
They had two dozen oysters harmoniously bedded in seaweed on crushed ice with quarters of lemon. Little blue pots containing salted butter and sweet butter accompanied the oysters. There was also sliced rye bread and a sauce with chopped shallots and vinegar. They sipped a glass of dry white wine with it. Then they had thick steak with crushed peppers and broccoli draped in a subtle sauce. They had another glass of wine, red this time, to accompany it. Then a salad. Then a choice of a dozen different cheeses presented on a wheeled table. Finally a chocolate cake and coffee. 
Throughout the meal she asked more pertinent questions about his thesis and about The Ambassadors. He almost gave her a lecture on the book.
When they said goodbye at the metro station he wondered if they could see each other the next day. She said she saw her fiancé on Sundays. 
“Oh,” said Philip. 
On Saturdays he chased, she explained. 
“Chased?” he asked. 
She reddened. “‘Hunted’, I should have said.” 
Philip told her that ‘chased’ was correct but archaic in that context.

The following Poe lectures, which she attended faithfully, went much better than the first one. There were other serious Agrégation candidates there. That improved the level. Jeannette Blanc's presence, assurance against emergencies, gave him self-confidence. She also attended his translation classes and turned out to be, by far, the best of his students. 
They had snacks together in the same café regularly. They agreed that half the time they would talk in English half the time in French.
On Saturdays he let her guide him infallibly to the right things in the Louvre, no longer on strike. He liked the things she liked. 
By the end of the first month he started calling her Jeannette and she, hesitating, finally called him Philippe. He felt exotic and different from just plain “Philip.” 
He wondered if her fiancé wouldn't be jealous if he knew about their Saturdays. 
Philip felt sure that he would have been jealous about it if he had been the fiancé.

By the end of the second month he had trouble remembering the photo of the promiscuous girl with the red scarf who had been cruel to the old man.
By the third month he stopped trying. 
He found Sundays long.

In March, Jeannette was absent from his classes two weeks running. He looked up “Blanc” in the Paris directory and found about a hundred names, none of them prefaced by “Jeannette.” 
When she came back, pale, she said she'd been ill but was better now. 
They went to the Guimet Museum of Far Eastern Art that Saturday. At closing time she remembered that tomorrow was the last day of an exposition of Etruscan funerary art at the Petit Palais. It was a pity he wasn't free tomorrow. 
But he was free, he said, always had been free. She was the one who was never free because of her fiancé. Did he hunt on Sundays now as well? 
She said, with a trace of bitterness, yes, Sundays and every other day as well. She would be free now on Sundays and certain other days as well.

In six months of Saturdays (and then Sundays and certain other days as well) they visited le Musée de l’Opéra National, le Musée Maillol, le Musée Rodin, le Musée de l’Orangerie, le Musée de Cluny, le Musée des Arts d’Afrique et d’Océanie, le Petit Palais, le Grand Palais, l’Hôtel de Sully, la Conciergerie, l’Hôtel de Soubise, le Musée de la Céramique and of course the gigantic inexhaustible Louvre again and again. 

In May they drove out in her tinny Fiat 500 to Monet's home at Giverny, to the Château de Fontainebleau, to the Château de Malmaison. On warm days she wore a blue silk blouse. With certain movements the outline of her breasts was distinctly perceptible. They told each other what they'd done during the days they hadn't seen each other. He kept her abreast of his research. His thesis was shaping up beautifully. He said he'd started buying 18th century maps and African masks for his walls. 
She could look at them one day if she liked, he added. 
Perhaps, some day, she said.

In June, she passed the Agrégation of English brilliantly, 18th out of 205 successful candidates. Poe had come up. 
“I plagiarized you shamelessly. I owe it all to you,” she said, announcing the news. 
In her joy (her face was radiant with it) she thanked him, using the intimate form of address. He wanted to give her a congratulatory kiss on the cheek but somehow her lips received it and went on receiving it. Their glasses tended to clash so they removed them, placing them on the bench, and went back kissing. 
After, embarrassed, they put their glasses back on but mixed them up, for a few seconds his hers and hers his. They were struck by the fact that they saw practically as well through the other's glasses. They both attached great significance to the fact that they had the same gray eyes and nearly the same degree of myopia. 
They celebrated the events (the kissing and the Agrégation) in a good restaurant with champagne. He used the intimate “tu” form to her too. 
Leaving the restaurant she expressed curiosity about his 18th century maps and African masks. They climbed up to Chambre 502 where she admired them. She looked at his books and wondered at his possessing a copy of Chairman Mao's Petit Livre Rouge. They'd already spoken, briefly and with no passion, about current political events and she knew that, like herself, Philip was a middle-of-the-road liberal (la gauche modérée). 
He explained that he'd bought it out of curiosity but it turned out to be nothing but a mass of sectarian platitudes, often blatantly erroneous. He showed her what Mao said about racism in the USA: how only the reactionary ruling class oppressed black people. Philip refuted that at length, in French. 
She was surprised at his sudden fluency in the language. He showed her the passage where Mao called the atom bomb a paper tiger and refuted that too in French, fluently. She was also surprised at his insistence on convincing her of things he knew she was already convinced of.
She leafed through the book and then stared at a page. Listen to this, Philippe, she said and read:

The world is yours as well as ours, but in the last analysis, it is yours. You young people, full of vigor and vitality, are in the bloom of life, like the sun at eight or nine in the morning.”

They agreed, using their new intimate form of address, that it humanized the Chairman. Suddenly they stopped talking and stared at each other. They removed their glasses again and soon everything else and pushed intimacy even further. He was inspired by her responses, shy but intense, to his first application of prelude techniques garnered in clandestine readings of marriage manuals. For once, the translation of printed theory to flesh-and-blood practice went well. 
At the critical moment of departure from prelude, she pulled away, whispering “Shh!” 
They listened as fast feet drummed louder and louder up the staircase, taking the steps two by two. Then a door on the floor below opened and shut. 
The staircase was silent again. 
He returned to her. 
She begged him not to hurt her (“Tu es si grand!”). 
He asked her several times, at first apprehensively, and then in growing grandeur, if he was hurting her. 
Oh no no no no no, she said each time, and the last time added: “You are my sun at eight in the morning.” 
His self-image was tremendously enhanced by that and by her whispered praise of him after and her fear that she hadn't been adequate.  
They dressed, back to back, in shy silence. He placed the dish of peanuts (a little stale after all that time) on the table, uncapped the miniature bottle of Bordeaux and poured the wine into the two glasses. They drank to each other. 
She asked him not to laugh at her and shamefully confessed that although she was twenty-seven it had been her first “ultimate experience.” She was glad she'd waited for him. She realized that of course he must have had very many such experiences and was sure that half of his students, far prettier than she, were in love with him. 
She paused and then said she had another confession to make. She hadn’t really lost the address of the handsome girl who had lost her wallet. She’d lied about that out of stupid jealousy. Could he forgive her?   
“I love you, Jeannette,” he said.
A month later, they were engaged. 

It was impossible not to tell his mother about it, also about his decision to stay in Paris another year. He enclosed a snapshot of Jeannette serious in high-buttoned brown and glasses, browsing in a second-hand bookshop along the Seine as proof that his fiancée wasn't at all one of those slinky sex-bomb Frenchwomen his mother had unnecessarily warned him about.

****









































JS BACH IN VENISE


Contemplating bones in a bejeweled reliquary, they heard faint Bach, greatly improved, it turned out, by the distance. 
They’d thought Protestant music, like bare shoulders, was banned from Saint Mark’s Basilica but no: in an obscure corner of the edifice a hand-wringing contralto, a portable organ, an oboe and a cello were earnestly rendering, in no good sense of the term, a Bach cantata to fifty listeners, now fifty-two. 
“Come unto Me, fear not,” the contralto urged, off-key but moving. 
But soon beginning to move the listeners the wrong way. Not coming, as ornately urged, but going. Going noisily, upsetting their chairs, some jumping up and down like madmen, arms flailing. His wife tisked at the inconceivable rudeness. The musicians meant well.  
Then he saw the first of the pinkie-size roaches twiddling their feelers as though beating ironic time to the aria. 
Recounting the incident much later, he evacuated his original panic in favor of humor. Roaches in a church! Scarabs in an Egyptian temple, fine. In a Catholic place of worship praying mantises maybe or lady-bugs (originally Our Lady’s Bird and “bête à bon Dieu” in French, he would add pedantically) but not kitchen-sink roaches! 
Of course it wasn’t piety but sandwich remnants littering the ancient flagstones that explained their presence. Mass presence, for now--the moment of pure panic, nothing to joke about--he saw them everywhere, by the hundreds, on those flagstones on the pillars, on the laps and shoulders of the listeners. 
Feeling one on his cheek he shot up, stamping and waving. His wife too. 
They fled with the other tourists past a black-clad old woman, still seated. She was covered with roaches but ignored them as she ignored the false notes, her withered face wet with tears at the reiterated urgent invitation: Come unto Me, fear not. 

****

                                                            















H5N1


Foolishly bare-armed (with pathogenic birds overhead defecating in flight), the others on the supermarket parking-lot goggle at my tight-buttoned overcoat, gloves, surgical mask and deployed umbrella. Ninety degrees in the shade, yes, but we’ll see who’s crazy. Haven’t they read of the danger of mutation and the crossing of the species barrier? 

Back home with food for two to withstand the summer siege, I discover my wife and her things are gone. Because of her cat of course. He devoured birds and his love-bites would have been mortal. He didn’t suffer. He lies deep in the garden far from birds.
 
Burning the dangerous feather-stuffed pillows, I scorch my hand rescuing a long blonde hair, all I have of her now.

                  Summer, pigeon-infested, drags on.

My doors are locked, my windows shut, the phone finally disconnected, the letter-box no longer explored.

TV recounts the synchronized progress of terrorism and the deadly sickness. Their women are encased in wise burkas: total protection. They will inherit the ruins of our civilization.

Last night melancholy cries ended a dream of the two of us in a long-ago wood full of innocent birds, mottled sunshine in her long hair. 

I stand before the closed window and see distant V’s of honking geese cleaving the  dawn sky. Why am I crying? 


****












	



FAREWELL TO PARADISE LANE


One hundred and three days after the catastrophe in Paradise Lane--he kept insomniac wee-hour count--Paul Jacobs was driving his wife to the Carrefour supermarket when the radio announced the man’s suicide.
“Good riddance” said Francine, normally the kindest of women.
“If I’d known, I’d have worn black this morning,” said Paul, only half joking.
An hour later, as he was unloading his shopping cart on the checkout belt, Francine spotted his prewrapped hamburger lying next to Marvels of India, her latest travel book purchase. The couple scorned hamburgers, as they did most of the century’s gimmicks. She stared at the distasteful thing and then, tragically, at Paul.
Summoning a tight smile, he restored it to the meat counter.

Driving home, he felt the growing weight of her silence.
Finally she pronounced: “Tu finiras en prison, Paul.”
Monstrous, the idea that frail nervous Paul Jacobs, still a vulnerable alien after forty years in the country and pathologically attentive not to run afoul of French law by so much as a jay-walk, could possibly “end up in jail” as the dead man had. Francine possessed all the essential virtues but virtually no sense of humor.
“A joke,” he countered. “Anyhow, supermarkets don’t carry potassium cyanide any more.”
She didn’t find that funny. He took his jittery sense of humor seriously and was annoyed when his exercise of it went unacknowledged.
Her continuing silence forced him to think: if poison were as easily available as chopped meat, would he have been tempted to imitate the other man?
The other man was (had been) a druggist in the department of Corrèze who had poisoned his neighbor’s vicious German Shepherd. He developed a taste for the activity, turning it into a crusade. In all, he fed his lethal meatballs to over a hundred dogs of various breeds, vicious or not, in a radius of fifty kilometers, and ended up murdering an eyewitness. Paul conceded that this was going too far. Finally the druggist was arrested and hanged himself in his cell a few hours ago.
As the car approached their hamlet, Paul’s mind pursued the theme of the chemical eradication of unbearable dogs.
It wasn’t true, he realised, what he’d said about the absence of poison in reasonably well-appointed supermarkets like theirs. In the gardening section you could find pest eradicators. The antidote to ants was strychnine. So theoretically the operation was possible. But Nazi was a million times heavier than an ant. He’d have to buy maybe ten thousand tubes of ant poison and a thousand hamburgers to be operational. What would Francine say when he started piling up twin mountains of lethal tubes and hamburgers on the checkout belt?
Paul started laughing uncontrollably at the image. Francine stared at him in alarm. Fearing an accident, she made him pull the car over. Now he wasn’t laughing any more.
“It was just a joke, Francine, that hamburger business, I’d never do a thing like that, don’t ever let me do a thing like that, Francine. Francine, do you think I’m going crazy too? I haven’t slept a wink for months. Why did this have to happen to us, Francine?”
He leaned away from the steering wheel into her consoling arms and she cradled him. To passing drivers they must have looked like lovers yielding to passionate impulse. But they were in their sixties. Caught off balance by the further surge of his need, Francine slipped nearly prone under Paul’s weight. Now to passing drivers they must have seemed like lovers in the throes of climax. She ignored a sharp pain as Marvels of India on the seat poked into her spinal column. She went on comforting him.
“You take everything so seriously, my little Paul. It’s bad for your nerves, terrible for your blood pressure and your heart.”
She paused and then repeated for the tenth time since the start of the disaster:
“Listen, Paul, why don’t we go on a real vacation, get away from all this, say a month in India. It’s a different universe.”
He parried the suggestion as he’d done nine times before, mumbling:
“Maybe. We’ll see.”
He took over the steering wheel again, white-knuckled, and turned into what he’d once called Paradise Lane but didn’t any more.

On the fussy maps that bothered with it, their secluded lane bore a more down-to-earth name, Chemin du bois. But in those retrospectively happy days Paul Jacobs called it Paradise Lane because it led to his edenic garden, honored by six illustrated pages in classy Jardins et Maisons and the subject of hundreds of his paintings, eight of which he’d sold, largely to friends and neighbors.
Wherever he set up his easel in his garden the prospect was marvelously timeless, the century held at bay:
Wheat fields to the north.
Pasture with prancing yearlings to the south.
Their two-century-old house to the west.
To the east, on the other side of the lane, the elegant house that belonged to their sole neighbor, Denise Forelle, a grey-haired, ailing, but pleasantly supple widow who exchanged rose-cuttings with him and nicely corrected his gender mistakes in French.
Their sky too had been marvelously timeless until one day the disorders of the century intruded in the form of rerouted airliners that drowned out bird songs and scarred the blue with their exhaust fumes. Paul often discussed the celestial outrage with Denise.
“There’s not much we can do about it,” he once said. “Supermarkets don’t seem to carry MPAD shoulder-fired missiles any more.” Denise never failed to smile when he mimed launching a rocket at a passing Airbus. She had a good sense of humor.
The subject of the worsening world outside was a favorite one with them. Their bodies--though tempted long ago--had never met, but their minds had, constantly, in passionate reactionary exchanges on how everything was going to pot, had been for decades, but in mad acceleration these last few years. They tirelessly detailed the collateral damage of progress:
Where cows once ruminated in dignity, fast food was being bolted.
Where once chanterelles could be found golden in the moss, you could have your brakes relined.
Satellite-dishes everywhere like beggar-bowls oriented skyward for the poisonous gift of dubbed American serials.
So many other things.
Even their haven had suffered, he sadly observed once, and not just from the rerouted airliners. He pointed north at the wheat fields where, productivity overriding beauty, Monet’s poppies had been chemically exterminated. The stream over there, once teeming with perch, was now practically an open sewer. Who saw grass snakes anymore or toads? Who cared about them? Where had the nightingale gone? Ah, to awaken to the 3am nightingale. Do you remember all that, Denise?
Yes, and we were thirty years younger, she said, choosing this time to laugh at it. With her head thrown back like that, sag and wrinkles were abolished.  For a second, she was decades younger and in good health.
But most of the time Paul Jacobs ignored the inroads of progress. On the whole, Paradise Lane corresponded--on a sadly reduced scale, to be sure--to the harmonious image of France built up in his mind while a dissatisfied young man in Chicago, an image enhanced by the unpopularity of France with the sort of people he despised. Also motivating his migration was the hope that the atmosphere of France would allow his budding artistic talent to blossom. As it had, he liked to think.

Sixty-four days before the catastrophe, Paul was making his usual mellow evening rounds of his flowers, sipping chilled Riesling to excess. More than a check-up on his Portuguese handyman’s weeding and watering job it was a show he enjoyed putting on for Francine. She was seated in the veranda with a travel brochure in her lap and travel brochures at her feet.
With a sickly-sweet pontifical smile Paul contemplated his rhododendrons and they were good. Chanting pig Latin, he made the sign of the cross and sprinkled Riesling over them. He repeated the operation over his lilies.
He shot quick glances at the veranda. His unctuous smile faded. He didn’t exist for her. Physically she was eighty meters distant from him, mentally ten thousand kilometers away, sightseeing in China. To attract her attention he launched into top-of-the-lungs doggerel celebrating the wonders of their private paradise. He paused between lines for a gulp of wine and inspiration.

Honeysuckle in June
Causes me to swoon
Fragrant tumble
Luring bees the bumble
And the honey
Beneath skies sunny
Who cares about money
Paradise Lane
Without it insane
I’d be
All of it free
Free free free

Francine looked up from her travels an absent second then returned to those important things on her lap.
Not so long ago she’d been herself, the real Francine, an attentive if worried one-woman audience who never failed, gently but persistently, to warn him against the effects of excessive white wine on the heart and kidneys. He felt abandoned by this cyclic indifference, this lapse from her usual persistent concern for his health (although he’d generally made a slight show of annoyance at that persistence). If now, stricken to the heart or kidneys, he silently crumbled to the ground behind these appropriate lilies she was sure to go on admiring the Terra Cotta Warriors of Xian on the other side of the world.
Paul snipped an exquisite pink rose (Gloire de Rigaudie). He entered the veranda where she sat, still absorbed in her travel brochure. He advanced the rose in her focus of vision. She looked up, smiled faintly, took the absolutely scentless flower, breathed in its supposed perfume and closed her eyes a second in a bogus show of ecstasy. Her gaze slipped back to the Temple of the Perfumed Concubine.
Before he could chant “My plitty concubine,” in a Chinese laundryman accent and perhaps place his hand on her nearest breast, she glanced at her watch. “Dinner time,” she said and got up, China slipping from her lap to the floor where it joined a dozen other travel brochures. She left the veranda.
Paul stooped and picked them up. They represented the climax of her reading cycle. For months she would devour nothing but harmless novels (with a significant bias, though, for authors from out-of-the-way lands). Next, a month of travel accounts and voyages of exploration. Finally, a painful week of tourist brochures. Then back to safe novels.
Paul placed the brochures neatly on the table. During her travel-agency phase he found the things scattered on the floor all over the house. Ordinarily Francine warred on household disorder. This, he understood, was deliberate proselytising disorder. He was meant to pick up the booby-trap brochures and, captivated by those curlicued temples and gushing prose, agree to exotic travel. He did pick them up but that was all.
The matter of travel was one of the few areas of disagreement between Paul and Francine. Nothing violent about it though: just vague wishes for exotic experiences on her part, and patient explanations on his of the problems involved. She never really nagged, unless those strategically scattered brochures could be taken as a mute periodic nag.
For a long time there wasn’t even that harmless disaccord. They were both teachers with meager salaries. With two children to raise and those brutal monthly payments on the house--that lovely folly of theirs--she was the first to insist that they had to stick to a tight budget. And when they’d scraped up enough money to visit far-away places like India or Peru, there were always improvements and repairs to be made on the house, bits of land to be purchased to round out the garden.  Reluctantly, Paul finally agreed that upon retirement they’d spend a month in Egypt exploring the Valley of the Kings.
Retirement came. Two days before their scheduled flight to Cairo fifty-odd tourists were mowed down by pious gunmen at the Mortuary Temple of Hatshepsut, one of the sites on Paul and Francine’s programmed visits.
Naturally Paul cancelled the trip. He was sick for days at the thought of their skin-of-the-teeth escape.  It was weeks before he was able to process the near-tragedy into feeble jokes such as: “Sixty tourists murdered! Mostly Germans, that’s true, but still…”
The world worsened radically after that. With the clash of civilizations, airliners had become an easy prey to deadlier things than engine failure: explosive soles, dentures, suppositories. Legions of foolhardy tourists were being blown up, taken hostage, raped, tortured or disfigured. For Francine’s benefit Paul was careful to turn up the volume on the TV news on each fatal incident.
The world outside their refuge was mined, he told her repeatedly whenever she timidly brought up the matter of distant travel. More than terrorism. Take her beloved India. All those tropical diseases lying in wait in a land with inexistent public toilets and lepers roaming the streets and rivers polluted with imperfectly cremated cadavers. Not just humdrum things like cholera and malaria, but those monstrosities he’d garnered via Google: trypanosomiasis, leishmaniasis, schiatosomiasis and other life-threatening horrors easier to catch than to pronounce.

Paul sulked the tiniest bit during dinner. But then, over her delicious tarte tatin, Francine wondered if Riesling white wine wasn’t harmful for his rhododendrons and his lilies just as it was for his heart and kidneys. He put on his usual show of annoyance but felt better. He even suggested a week in safe if rainy Sweden, forestalling worse suggestions on her part. He sensed they were immanent.
The day after, cloudless blue, their eldest son came up from Aix-en-Provence with his wife and seven-year-old daughter, Emilie. Paul kissed his miraculous granddaughter dozens of times that day and stalked her with his camera as she searched, graceful as the yearlings in the south pasture, for the chocolates he’d hidden in the orchard. Denise had regretfully turned down Francine’s invitation for lunch: she didn’t feel up to it. Paul uncorked two expensive bottles of Pommard to accompany Francine’s roast. His jokes were well received. After, he conducted a tour of his flowers and enjoyed his daughter-in-law’s ecstatic exclamations and then her appreciative sounds as he showed off his latest paintings of those same flowers hanging on the living room wall like so many additional windows on his garden.
So all in all, it had been a pleasant enough life in Paradise Lane, even if not actually paradisiacal. But then, as somebody or other pointed out in the sort of book Francine favored before her travel phases, the only paradise is a lost paradise.

In early June Paul and Francine returned from Sweden with head colds and jars of lingonberry jam and fish balls for Denise. They found her house empty.
The next day they learned that she had died a few days before, suddenly.
Paul had fits of weeping he hid from Francine.

Paul and Francine left joylessly in early July for the annual five-day visit to their second son and his barely civil wife and their two boys in Bordeaux. Francine gave the Swedish fish balls and lingonberry jam to the wife, who eyed them--Paul, Francine and the jars--suspiciously and said that jam and fish made her break out in spots but thanks anyhow. Paul had to look away as he imagined how Denise would have received the gifts intended for her.

Back from Bordeaux, they turned into Paradise Lane and the deafening snarl of a chainsaw.  A battered pickup truck full of branches blocked the access to their house. In Denise’s garden a big chunky pigtailed man in sunglasses with tattoos all over his bare torso was completing the massacre of Denise’s peach tree. The nearby bed of irises lay in trampled ruin. “My God, poor Denise,” Francine whispered.
They both understood that Denise’s house had a new owner and that his handyman had been let loose in her garden and had got his instructions all wrong. Paul honked five indignant times. Getting no reaction, he honked persistently. The long wail sounded like a dirge for Denise’s downtrodden irises and martyred peach tree. The man went on with his dirty work. Paul went on with the horn, ignoring Francine’s restraining hand on his arm.
Finally he got out of the car and waved his arms about. Without switching off the chainsaw, the handyman jerked his head interrogatively in Paul’s direction, eyebrows shot up, mouth open in a snarl: body language signifying “What the fuck do you want, Jack?” (Maybe not so obvious, what he wanted, even to himself. Deep down what he wanted was more than access to his house: he wanted resurrection of the peach tree, the irises and why not Denise herself as she’d been thirty years before).
Paul resorted to a sarcastic dumb show for this destructive dummy: pointed to himself, pointed at his car, turned an imaginary steering wheel, pointed at the truck, turned another imaginary steering wheel.
With studied insolence the man turned his back on Paul, picked up a bottle of wine and took a long swig. Another bottle lay on its flank in the middle of the ex-irises. The handyman returned to his job of mutilation.
The gate was open. Ignoring the new sign on it Keep Out! Vicious Dog! (Defense d’Entrer! Chien Méchant!) Paul entered Denise’s garden as he’d done a thousand times over thirty years. The interloper switched off the chainsaw, stuck two index fingers in his mouth and produced a piercing whistle.
A sinister black dog materialized, the breed favored by female soldiers to worry the genitals of naked prisoners, never ask where.
The animal fixed murderous yellow eyes on Paul, growled volcanically, bared his fangs, and moved forward. Paul turned and stumbled back towards the car. Any instant the dog would wrench bloody chunks out of his buttocks. Any instant his heart would explode. He slammed the door shut and collapsed in the driver’s seat, face sheet-white, panting hoarsely and clutching his chest. Francine gathered him in her arms.
“Your heart, my little Paul, oh your heart.  Don’t move, my sweetheart. We’ve got to get to the house and phone the hospital.”
She looked about for a weapon and found nothing more lethal than a fly swatter. Fearlessly, she shot out of the car, five-feet-five of fury, gripping the fly swatter, ready to confront the beast. But the handyman had already called the animal back. “Murderer!” Francine cried, already in Denise’s garden, confronting the man. She went on and on.  Expressionless, the handyman finally stuck two index fingers in his mouth and produced two piercing whistles.
A skinny chemical blonde with a bare midriff and tattooed shoulders materialized. She was full of rings: in her eyebrow, a nostril, her navel, probably in her tongue and a nipple, maybe another lower down. The handyman expertly tossed car keys at her. She caught them expertly, strode past Francine without acknowledging her existence and climbed into the cab of the pickup truck. In seconds the way was clear.
Francine made Paul lie down on the sofa and then ran to the phone.
“N-no, don’t ring the hospital, my heart’s okay,” Paul said weakly. “Phone Simon, he’ll know who the owner is.”
If anybody knew, it was Simon Robert in the nearby village. Simon, a joyful specialist in disaster, knew everything: who was illicitly sleeping with who, who was on or over the brink of divorce, had got hooked on hard drugs, come down with cancer and exactly in what inoperable spot.
Simon answered immediately, as though he’d been eagerly waiting for their panicked call. Paul heard his voice buzzing. From Francine’s pained expression Paul guessed he was communicating gleeful condolence.
Francine cut his pleasure short. They absolutely had to contact the new owner, she explained, and tell him that his drunk handyman was destroying everything in Denise’s garden. But who was the new owner? Did Simon have his number?
Buzz buzz buzz buzz.
“What?”
She thanked Simon feebly, hung up and stared at Paul.
“That…that pair, that awful pair. He’s not a handyman at all. He’s the new owner, he’s our new neighbor.”

How could such people have come to possess the splendid ten-room house and its three decorative acres?  It was inconceivable that either of them could be related to elegant aristocratic Denise. That ruled out inheritance. Had they bought her property? According to Simon, the tattooed ringed woman, named Marine, was a walking advertisement for her piercing-and-tattoo shop in a run-down Parisian suburb; the man, named Didier, was a guard in a shopping center or maybe a prison somewhere. Maybe the money had come from drug trafficking. That explation held out the faint hope that one day the police would restore the lane to its former tranquillity.
Meanwhile, the chainsaw snarled all week long. The tattooed vandal slaughtered everything above ground level: rose bushes, pergolas, walnut, apple and cherry trees. He even uprooted Denise’s elegant hornbeam hedge where birds used to nest and hedgehogs hang out and replaced it with flimsy vinyl pvc-coated wire fencing.
Fires burned day and night in ex-Denise’s ex-garden like funeral pyres. Choking billows of black smoke drifted at ground level over their garden, soiling the flowers. The barbarian was burning tires to ignite stubborn things: not just those fresh-cut shrubs and trees, but probably Denise’s roomful of leather-bound classics as well, reducing Flaubert and Proust into illiterate scrawls of smoke.
Again Paul Jacobs tried to defuse the situation with humor, his pathetic way, he knew, of masking despair. “Ah, today we’re entitled to Firestone Triple X” he would say, aping a connoisseur’s sniff between coughs. Or the next day: “Hmm, Tubeless Michelin, 1992, vintage year.”
The tire smoke had barely cleared than earth-moving equipment bulled in, propagating fuel-oil stench, clatter, metallic screeches. The excavator dominated Paradise Lane like a prehistoric reptile. Its square-teethed jaws wrenched out great masses of clay, reminding Paul of the dog who had come so close to wrenching bloody chunks out of his buttocks. What was the gigantic hole meant for? A mass grave?
This is what a certain category of individual instantly did on taking over a property. Tabula rasa: the clean slate, to assert their undiluted ownership. The Bible had the expulsion from Eden all wrong, Paul explained to Francine. Actually, Adam awoke to existence as the new proprietor of the place. He longed for the tabula rasa, the clean slate, so he felled all the Edenic trees including the knowledgeable one. Found that great fun and wandered out with ring-nosed Eve and his chainsaw in search of more things to destroy, my God, Francine, it’s not funny, what can we do?
When the bulldozer and the excavator took a breather, their new neighbors’ radio and TV combated the boring silence with rap, hysterically commented soccer-matches, dubbed American series and chat shows of unsurpassed triviality. And all that full blast. Didier had a gigantic red Harley-Davidson decorated with skulls. He tuned the engine thunderously a good part of the Sunday afternoon.

They ended by fleeing some of those infernal weekends. It was Francine’s idea. At first Paul resisted. “I won’t be evicted. I refuse to let anybody evict me from my garden.” Finally he gave in, twice.
Under persistent Breton drizzle they picked their way in the sodden sand among rotting toxic seaweed and washed-up garbage. Staring at the supposed horizon, Francine said they should have gone further. Back in the clammy hotel room, scraping oil-spill tar off the soles of their shoes, she repeated that they ought to have gone further, much further.
They went much closer the second time. The weekend in Paris was more drizzle, traffic snarls, noise, agitation, pollution, the refuge of museums blocked by miles of patiently queuing Asians. The only faintly interesting thing Paul saw was a giant trompe-l’oeil painting on a blind façade representing a tropical garden. We ought to have gone further, Francine said more than once.

The lane wasn’t the only zone of persecution. Nine times out of ten when Paul ventured forth into his garden, as silently as possible and hidden by the vegetation that cascaded elegantly down his fence, the dog (Paul called him “Nazi”) let loose hysterical salvos of barks. Paul finally understood. The dog had sniffed his scent. Paul correlated the wind direction with the fury his fear-molecules unleashed. An east wind was safe. But the wind seldom blew that way: only, perversely, the days of tire-fueled book bonfires. The prevailing winds were western and they prevailed nine days out of ten.
Paul applied quantities of after-shower lotion. But his quintessential Jacobness still lurked under the olfactory disguise and the beast sniffed him out. Francine said that he reeked like a ten-franc cocotte.
Occasionally Paul mounted a timid verbal counter-offensive to assert his human superiority over the verbless animal. “Son of a bitch,” he’d mutter, hurrying past, muttering it so Nazi couldn’t hear him, although it wasn’t really abusive, nothing but the strict truth: the beast was a son of a bitch. But the sharp-eared son of a bitch couldn’t stand truth (perhaps a human trait after all). The term amplified his fury, grrr, grrr, bite your ass and balls and face off.
Sometimes Paul would mutter, in lieu of “Go to hell,” something wittier and worse: “Go to Korea!” That dispatched the animal to what was, from all accounts, a specifically canine inferno. He didn’t bother specifying which Korea; northerners or southerners, the Koreans had the right attitude toward dogs: penned them up gagged and finally ate them. Didn’t hate them, ate them. Dog-chop and chopped dog were succulent, it appeared, though not for him, not even that way. Paul Jacobs couldn’t stomach dogs, dead or alive.

One day, when Francine was at the hairdresser’s, Paul opened the gate directly on Nazi, a foot away. Didier’s gate was wide open. The insane animal sprang. Not a second too soon Paul shoved the gate shut against the impact of Nazi’s body, repeated over and over. Nazi leaped higher and higher each time. First his paws appeared, then his vicious head, then half of his body dominated the gate. At the next try he was sure to clear the barrier.
Didier’s whistle halted the assault.
Paul let himself down on the driveway until his heart stopped leaping against his thorax as the dog had leaped against the gate.
When Francine returned, she heard him out but he didn’t get the comforting surge of sympathy he craved. It was clear that she thought he was overreacting. She advised him to forget the dog. It was turning into an obsession. What did he think of her hairdo?
“Tell the dog to forget me. He’s the one with the obsession. Marvelous hairdo.”

He was safe nowhere now. He imagined Nazi hurtling over the low chestnut panel fence, landing in the garden, crushing precious fragile things. Then those jaws locking on his even more fragile thigh.
From that day on Paul armed himself with a pitchfork whenever he risked leaving the house. He also sent his new neighbors a registered letter summoning them to chain their animal or at least muzzle it and to keep their gate shut. He never got an answer. Paul saw the mayor. He promised to look into the matter. He never did. Paul went to the gendarmerie. They promised to look into the matter. They never did.
At night Paul relived the gate assault over and over. He imagined all the mutilating possibilities of the incident. Sleep was fragmentary and shallow. Tiny night sounds woke him. He’d sit up, heart thumping, in a defensive crouch, irrationally sure that the beast would leap through their bedroom window in a shower of glass. That woke Francine. She’d try to calm him: no, my little Paul, that’s not the dog, that’s an owl, that’s the wind, try to get some sleep.
One sleepless night Paul heard alarming sounds close to their window. He shook Francine half-awake. “It’s Nazi. He’s in the garden. I told you you should have let me put the pitchfork under the bed.”
“Go to sleep,” she muttered to her pillow, this time not offering plausible alternatives to Nazi sounds. He got no sleep. She got no sleep.
At daybreak, gripping his pitchfork, Paul ventured out and discovered a stretch of lawn ploughed up. He knew the signature: a boar. All right. He wasn’t totally zoophobic. He liked the sight or trace of wild animals. They came unheralded and left. Although now, come to think of it, migratory geese could rain H5N1 on you and foxes were rabies carriers. In Greek mythology boars were redoubtable emasculators. But then he’d never been an Adonis and anyhow the loss wouldn’t make much operational difference now.
Paul tried to convince Francine to ease up on inviting neighbors and friends, so-called friends. They were sure to extend wounding sympathy for his loss of Paradise Lane, secretly gloating at comeuppance. They’d never really forgiven that article in Jardins et Maisons. He even apprehended the next visit of his granddaughter Emilie, his greatest joy in life along with his garden. He saw himself following her about with his pitchfork. The supreme delicacy for dogs was child’s-face. Every day the newspapers recounted the martyrdom of children killed or disfigured for life by dogs.

Something vital had drained out of Paul Jacobs since the destruction of Paradise Lane. He was incapable of painting. He found no pleasure in food or music or even flowers. The dog was growing in his brain like a tumor. He had the lucidity to realize that Nazi was more than Nazi: snarling Nazi was also Didier’s tattooed torso and pigtail, the pierced and piercing blonde, the massacred peach tree, the blaring TV, and beyond these circumscribed things, the global violence of this snarling century.
Wasn’t this going too far? He recalled the poem he’d extemporized in the garden in the days of Denise, a century ago it seemed:

Paradise Lane
Without it insane
I’d be

He was tragically without it now. Wasn’t he insane now too, no hyperbolic figure, tragic reality? So he gave in to Francine’s pleas and went with her to the doctor’s. The doctor prescribed Xanox. Paul had to renew the prescription very fast. Francine was secretly helping himself to his tranquillizers. It was a shock to discover this fissure in his pillar of strength.

In September all of France was shaken to learn that scores of dogs in the department of Corrèze were being systematically poisoned with meatballs. The 8pm newscasters practically broke down recounting the Holocaust. Who could possibly have perpetrated such an atrocity?
“Unsung hero,” said Paul to Francine. “Deserves the Légion d’Honneur.”
“Madman,” said Francine indignantly, almost certainly referring to the poisoner.
When the news broke that the culprit had been arrested for having murdered a witness, Paul groaned theatrically. He asked what Francine had done with the rat poison. Somebody had to take up the torch.
She stared at him and then said they’d never bought rat poison and weren’t ready to buy rat poison, ever.
“Oh well, anyhow we haven’t even got a hamburger to put it in.”
She stared at him and said nothing.
The next day Paul placed a hamburger on the supermarket checkout belt. A
joke of course. But the joke didn’t go down well, not well at all.

In mid-September plant lice massively invaded Paul’s garden.
He donned his knapsack sprayer and systematically exterminated them with a misty fan of insecticidal soap. Then he remembered a rose particularly vulnerable to plant lice: the magnificent cascade of Zepherine Drouhin in the lane that he’d once called Paradise. He didn’t bother taking his pitchfork; the job would take no more than half a minute. Anyhow Didier’s yard was empty.
He started treating the roses.
Sudden furious growl behind him; powerful impact against the fence; ripping metallic sound.
Sure the fencing had yielded, Paul whirled about, stopping down the nozzle. The misty fan shrank to a powerful jet that caught the beast square between the eyes as he catapulted a second time toward the distorted but intact fence.
Nazi collapsed and howled. Exquisite sound.
But a second later Paul joined Nazi in agony as the jet powered into a fencepost and back-sprayed into his face. His eyes were on fire. Between Nazi’s yelps he heard the pierced and tattooed blonde yelling:
“Hey, Didier, the old American motherfucker (“le vieux enculé d’amerloc”), he’s poisoned Emperor! Call the cops!”
Quickening footsteps in the lane. Francine’s voice shrill with passion:
“You shut up, you! It was an accident, I saw the whole thing. A pure accident.”
Francine guided blinded Paul back to the house. She applied cold compresses to his eyes and soothed him with words of endearment.
Then when she removed the compresses, he was able to focus on her. She was staring at him, lips compressed to a thin white line.
“Tu iras en prison, comme l’autre,” she said.
“It was an accident,” he protested. “You said so yourself.”
“You’ll go to jail like the other man,” she repeated. “It was no accident, I saw the whole thing.”
“It was pure self-defence, Francine. And it wasn’t poison, it was agricultural soap.”
“I saw the whole thing. Rat poison. Hamburger. Now this. You’ll go to jail like the other man, Paul. Maybe right now. Maybe they’ve called the police.”

That sleepless night, Paul came up with a radical but legal solution to the problem.
The next day, he touched on the subject to Francine, very obliquely, making allusions to the Great Wall of China. It had kept the barbarians at bay and now attracted millions of tourists.
She understood immediately and vetoed the idea with unaccustomed passion, nothing oblique about it. No-no-no, no wall, no wall. It would be like living in a concentration camp, of their own making.
Paul dropped the subject but the following night he imagined mitigating the starkness of a cement-block wall with a white stucco job, something never found even in four-star German concentration camps.
Or why not turn the wall into a pleasant vertical garden: plant soapwort, stonecrop, alyssum, harebell, maiden pink, candytuft, aubrietia. But that would take hundreds of plants. Hard to manage, too, with crannyless concrete blocks.
The next night Paul Jacobs greatly enlarged his concept. He recalled the tropical garden trompe-l’oeil on that blind Paris wall and imagined an ambitious fresco here depicting the pre-catastrophe lane, paradise regained: Denise’s irises and peach tree and hornbeam hedge resuscitated and Denise herself, young, lovely, standing in the open gateway with a proffered rose-cutting and smiling.
Bringing Denise back from the shades led him to envision bringing back her beloved white cat, Pussy, run over ten years before. Then why not his wife’s brother too and two of his own best friends, once frequent visitors, a happy throng of nice resurrected people?  He saw it all in the long wee hours. The wall would annul itself. Instead of an ugly blocking out of worse ugliness it would become transparent, open up on lost beauty. Paul felt the return of a powerful creative surge. It would be a joyous labor of years.
But first unlyrical considerations. His handyman had been a mason. How much would the job cost?

Three days later, Paul stood alongside squat Antonio who had roughly measured the proposed site with long strides and was now jotting figures in a notepad. Francine was in the veranda with a travel brochure in her lap, travel brochures at her feet, looking at the two of them.
“What’s this?” said Paul, the next day.
It was an expression of incredulity more than a demand for elucidation. The big box she’d hoisted onto the supermarket checkout belt proclaimed its contents in five languages with an explicit illustration of the repulsive object within. It generated molecular agitation in food to shortcut traditional time-consuming cooking methods.
And all that distasteful frozen food.
“I’ll explain later, Paul.”
In the car he repeated the question. She repeated the answer. She’d explain all about it when they got home.
They got home.
“Paul, I’m leaving for India in three days. It’s all arranged. I’ll be back in a month unless I decide for a week’s extension to Nepal. Let me show you how this machine works and the other machines too: the dishwasher and the laundry machine and the clothes drier.”
Stony-faced, arms folded, Paul shook his head curtly.
“All right, the cleaning woman can take care of it. You know how to boil potatoes and fry eggs. I think you do. You won’t starve. Something else, Paul. When I come back and there’s a wall, Paul, even the beginning of a wall, anything that looks faintly like a wall, Paul, I swear I won’t stay, I’ll go on another trip right away to…to, I don’t know, to the poorest country in the world and live on one euro a day, I don’t care.”

In the middle of the night Francine got up and went into Paul’s study. He was seated in his armchair staring at a blank wall.
“It’s past two, Paul, aren’t you coming to bed? What are you doing?”
“Thinking. Meditating.”
“Can’t you do that in bed?”
She sat down opposite him.
He was silent for a minute. Then he said:
“I was thinking about you, actually, trying to understand you. We’ve never been separated more than a day in thirty-five years. You did this thing behind my back. I don’t recognize you. You didn’t even ask me if I wanted to go there with you.”
“Yes I did, a hundred times. A thousand times. A hundred thousand times.”
“Not this time.”
“You’d have said no like all the other times.”
“Maybe not, if I’d known you were so serious about it.”
“I’ve always been serious about it.”
“You should have asked me. Now it’s too late.”
“I’ll ask you now.”
She did.
So it turned out that it wasn’t too late after all.

The taxi was coming at 8am to take them to the Charles de Gaulle airport. At 5am, sleepless, Paul got up, dressed and lugged the two travel bags to the gravel driveway in front of their closed gate. The wind was blowing the hostile way and he expected his scent would unleash his enemy’s fury. But the only sounds were the cry of a night bird, the first chirps of the daylight birds. In the growing light he visited his flowers.
Finally, he took the pitchfork and cautiously opened the gate. His enemy didn’t react to that either. The house was dark and silent, as it had been for a while after the death of Denise. It was as if Didier and Marine had never existed. He moved the travel bags to the lane and sat on one, waiting for the taxi, head bowed as in defeat.
Light grew. The last stars melted away in the pure blue, unmarred by airliners. He held his pitchfork tightly. The sharp prongs faced south-east, beyond the lane, beyond the Middle East, the Gulf States, the Persian Gulf, faced the jangling uproar of India, the white-wrapped corpses on the funeral pyres by the Ganges, the sacred rodents in the Temple of Rats, the swarming streets with bony cows and lepers and heaps of garbage.
After a while he heard the gravel crunch, then felt her hand on his shoulder. She tried gently to take the pitchfork. He tightened his grip on it. Then he let go. She leaned it against the gate pillar. Her face was radiant. He heard the taxi turning into the lane.
“Come on, Paul, everything’s going to be all right.”
Francine took one of the travel bags.
Paul stood up.
“Let me carry it,” he said, taking hers and then his own as the taxi drew up in once Paradise Lane.

****














































PLANT NO TREES IN THE GARDEN



One November day, just after he’d bedded Emily, his wife timidly suggested planting a walnut tree. He was the one who planted, tended and knew.
 He consulted his specialized books and explained, in simplified terms, the factors that ruled out the operation: inappropriate soil, early frosts, the voracity of squirrels, the walnut prone to sixty-four diseases. Anyhow the garden was too small for something that size. Marie-Louise, Albertine, Agnes, Madame Hardy and all his other precious sun-loving old roses (he called them “my ladies”) would take umbrage at the intrusion.
 His final argument was that the walnut took fifteen years to bear. He didn’t add that with his heart condition he’d never taste one of the walnuts, unlike her, ten years younger and never so much as a sniffle.
 She listened respectfully as she’d done years back, a lovely C+ student in his English Literature of the Age of Reason class. Her argument was touchingly subjective: the sweetness of the fresh walnuts she’d savoured as a child. She couldn’t invoke the annual gift to future generations. To her despair, they were childless.
Each November she gently brought up the matter. Patiently he repeated his explanations and came up with another argument. His heart tolerated puttering--things like spraying, pruning and weeding--but not the backbreaking kind of effort necessary for planting a tree. Of course he didn’t add that the image of her, widowed (or, worse, remarried), savouring the fruit of the tree that had killed him was unbearable. 
She timidly countered his medical reason by suggesting that her husky brother Roger could do the digging. But every single shrub and bulb had been planted by his hand. Having to rely on someone else would estrange him from his garden, he felt, and confirm his decline.   
One November dawn a clattering outside woke him to an empty bed. From the window he saw her pushing the wheelbarrow, the spade bouncing about. So finally he tackled the job, although she begged him to have Roger do it. With the last shovel heave of dirt in the hole his heart protested violently. 
“Think of me when you taste the first one,” he thought angrily.
The tree grew relentlessly. In the fourth year its shadow encroached on his ladies. Nymph’s Thigh began developing Black Spot, Green Fly started tormenting Catherine Mermet, mildew disfigured Belle de Crécy.
While waiting for the tree to bear fruit, his wife often read in its skinny shadow. When she coughed he reminded her, as a joke, of the superstition that the shade of the walnut was fatal, not just to roses but to people as well. She smiled and went on reading and coughing.

Years after, his brother-in-law came over and picked the first nuts and husked them next to the bed of diseased and dying ladies. He brought them back to the veranda, the shells and his big hands black with the acrid liquor. He cracked them open and worked the nuts free. They looked like miniature brains. He patiently unpeeled the bitter yellow membrane and savoured one. 
“Sweet, as she always used to say,” Roger said. “She’d have loved them. Go ahead, taste one.”
“No,” he replied, a bitter taste in his mouth, as if he’d already tasted the black acrid liquor and the bitter yellow membrane. “You can have them all.”


****














































UNACCOMPANIED CELLO


Nobody knew for sure why the patients in the Fuller Rehabilitation Center, deprived of so many other things, were denied television as well. They could have done with a little entertainment, though, after painful sessions in the brace-fitting unit, repeated efforts to bend their knee an extra fraction of an inch, the burden of gravity after marvelous mobility in the hydrotherapy pool, not to mention the periodic ache of a lost limb and the related ache of a lost love. This last pain was particularly acute on Sundays when they stared out of windows for hours in hope of a visit that seldom materialized.  
Those windows were the closest to TV screens in the institution. They offered an invariable program of cracking units, disused factories and gigantic scrap heaps. According to one theory, the mountains of crushed cars created a magnetic zone that sabotaged reception, reducing Lucille Ball and Lassie and golfing President Eisenhower to ghosts flitting about in a snowstorm. 
Every year the scrawny roof antenna was raised higher in an attempt to poke free of this confusion and grab the images of a brighter existence sweeping by overhead. At the end, before a gale snapped it off, the antenna resembled a gigantic orthopedic device advertising the services of the Rehabilitation Center. 
Dr. Rosen, head of the psychological support unit, finally persuaded the Director to invest in a private cinema with a stage for occasional live performances. The weekly screenings featured cheap rentals of pre-war movies, mainly category B. Considerations of economy also presided over the choice of live performers, generally semi-professionals, working what they called “the cripple circuit.” It paid poorly but guaranteed, they thought, a grateful audience, in any case a captive one.
But things didn’t always go smoothly for those live performers, as the recently appointed Activities Director soon found out. Didn’t go smoothly for her, either. Probably hadn’t gone smoothly for her predecessors. She was the third Activities Director in less than a year. 
Gladys Foley was a thin recently divorced woman in her early forties with a dogged smile, harried blue eyes and poor nights. In her occasional optimistic moments she thought she did a satisfactory job in her major areas of responsibility: arts and crafts, the library, vocational training and outings. Unfortunately, she was also in charge of those chaotic Saturday afternoon sessions that threatened her, she was convinced, with immanent loss of employment. 
It was the fault of the unruly juvenile patients. Not the ones on the wheeled stretchers, poor lambs, incapable of any kind of unruliness, but the mobile ones in wheelchairs. Gladys was always careful to feel sorry for them too but there were limits. They couldn’t keep still. They spun about in their chairs, they chattered, they bickered, they snickered, they yelped disruptive comments. This was bad enough during the movie but at least the screen actors could go about their one-dimensional business unperturbed, unlike the flesh-and-blood performers. The children’s meows had already sabotaged a poodle act. The parents, sitting alongside them, didn’t dare intervene. So Gladys had had to plead with the group collectively, with no result. 
Stronger measures were clearly in order. The children took cynical advantage of their handicap. Last week their concerted boos and whistles had rattled a young juggler. He received a billiard ball on his head, whereupon the children burst out laughing, their laughter detonating adult laughter, and the juggler fled the stage in disgrace. 

The Monday following the billiard ball fiasco, Gladys encountered the hatchet-faced Director in a corridor, nightmarishly empty except for the two of them, no place to hide, impossible to flee. Her deferent twitch of a smile and murmured greeting got no response except for a tightening of his mouth as he strode past her. 
A few minutes later she encountered old limping Dr. Rosen in another empty corridor. That close to him and by the window she couldn’t help noticing the peculiar leaden no-color of his face, like the sky over the scrap heaps, and she recalled for an instant, before it was shouldered aside by her own problem, a colleague’s information that Dr. Rosen was extremely ill and would be retiring soon. She couldn’t know that this was his very last week in the Center. 
But Dr. Rosen didn’t make an issue of his health. He replied “Fine” to Gladys’ automatic “How are you, Dr. Rosen?” Still professionally acute, he touched her bare arm and asked, “What’s troubling you?” She told him tumultuously and in great detail. In what he thought was his final act of psychological support, he tried to reassure her: the Director’s rudeness meant nothing, he often acted as though the staff were glass, perfectly invisible. Dr. Rosen’s hand on her arm was more consoling than his words. 
So, unconvinced, Gladys lost no time visiting the children involved, tight-mouthed herself, and “read them the riot act,” as she put it. The fat one looked tearful and muttered “sorry” (but he wasn’t); the cross-eyed one said defiantly, “It wasn’t me” (it was); the ringleader, the freckled redhead, just grinned and didn’t say anything (a bad sign). She warned that in the case of further misbehavior the guilty party or parties would be deprived of movies, for a month. She didn’t add that in the case of further misbehavior she herself was sure to be deprived of her job, for good. That information would only have encouraged them to continue misbehaving. 
To make things worse, next Saturday’s program was sure to tempt the devil in them. Not Flaming Guns starring Tom Mix on top of Tony (his horse), but the insane live thing that preceded the movie, far worse than jittery poodles and inexpertly juggled billiard balls. Her predecessor, before he was fired after a month on the job, had had the weird idea of programming a cultural cello recital featuring Sebastian Bach, the religious composer. Gladys respected culture and religion but wondered if Sebastian Bach would go down well here. Above all, she apprehended the reaction of the disruptive trio. 

The looming Bach recital monopolized her brain, day and night. From one point of view, it provided relief from the other things that habitually gnawed at her, but she didn’t see it that way. Her snatches of sleep were riddled with nightmares about Saturday afternoon. In one, she stood on the stage in her underclothing, confiding painful intimate things to the packed audience. They howled with laughter except for leaden-faced Dr. Rosen who listened with deep sympathy. Then she saw the Director glaring at her and she tried to become transparent glass, couldn’t, and broke into tears. She woke up, her face wet. 
She saw her unimpressed doctor about it the next day. 
 
At exactly three o’clock that Saturday afternoon, the curtains parted on Gladys Foley standing unsteadily on the stage alongside the artist, both in a circle of light. Despite the threatened cello recital, the Recreation Room was packed, the way it had been in the nightmare. There were the patients, the indispensable attendants, a scattering of visitors and Dr. Rosen. 
To her horror, Gladys saw, again as in the nightmare, the hatchet-faced Director. He had never attended a Saturday performance before. She felt terribly opaque. She heard no sounds from the children’s section, but impaired hearing, along with dizziness, seemed to be a side effect of the Librium her doctor had prescribed for her nerves. Doubling the dose hadn’t been wise, she now realized.  
Problems started up seconds after the curtains parted. They came from an unexpected quarter. Introducing the strange-looking little man in black tie clasping his cello case, she tripped over his impossible name. He instantly corrected her in his thick foreign accent: 
“No, please, Madame, my name is Belowkovsky, Vladimir Be-low-kov-sky. And one must not forget Bella.” 
Gladys looked about but saw no woman there to be introduced. She blinked and continued: 
“Mr. Bel…ah…our guest will be playing, just for us, a wonderful piece by the well-known composer, Sebastian Bach...” 
He corrected her again in front of everybody, in front of the Director himself.         
“More precisely, Madame, a suite, by Johann  Sebastian Bachhh.”
He pronounced Bach not as she had, like “Back,” but with an unpleasant terminal sound like clearing a throat full of mucus, prior to sloppy expectoration. Three corrections in six words! She blinked twice and got it over with.
“Well, whatever, we are simply thrilled to have you here this afternoon and I am sure that everybody will listen with great attention and pleasure.” 
Saying that, she stared insistently in one direction, stepped out of the spotlight and, perilously, off the stage. She practically collapsed on a chair behind the children. 
Dizziness, nausea, itching, headache: now she was getting, frontally, all of the listed side-effects of the tranquillizer and none of its promised tranquillity. She summoned up a sharp shh! to cut off nascent snickering and clapped hard to prime the applause pump. The audience responded (those who physically could), but sluggishly.
Vladimir Be-low-kov-sky stood like a giant solemn beetle in his evening clothes between the music stand with an open score and a small table with a pitcher of water and a glass. He presented his shiny bald dome flanked by great outcrops of hair as he bowed to the dying applause, pivoting ten degrees between each bow, five in all. He sat down, brought forth his cello and pointed at it.
“First, permit that I introduce Bella. Without Bella, Vladimir Belowkovsky is what? Is nothing! You are perhaps surprised that my instrument possesses name. But have not ships names, often female names, such as Queen Mary, celebrated liner? Or cannons too, celebrated Big Bertha? So why not musical instrument? You want to know how much costs Bella. In America, always this question: how much costs? Millions of dollars, you think. No. She is not Bella Stradivarius, not Bella Amati or Bella Guarneri, all celebrated Italian instrument makers, you must know. No such super star, Bella, no! Simply Bella Belowkovsky. Enough for me, enough for her.” 
The musician pulled the instrument between his knees and detailed her parts from top to bottom, starting with the tuning pegs. His hand slowly descended down Bella’s long graceful neck, passing over the flanks of the voluptuous torso, and then caressed the belly, “fine spruce, smooth like satin.”  Unnecessary to explain the strings, he said, for soon under his brazil-wood horsehair bow, those strings shall whisper, cry, moan and pray, ecstatic with the Bach Suite for Unaccompanied Cello in G major, BWV 1007. 
He pivoted Bella on her end pin and displayed her back, slowly passing his hand over the gleaming surface, choice maple wood, he explained, fifteen coats of varnish.
“But I have forgot essential thing,” he said, pivoting Bella about again. “Note please the f-hole, for sonority and to enter Bella for humidification.” He fingered the left hand sinuous opening shaped like a seahorse, and then the right-hand one. “Two f-holes as you can see.”
Senseless snickering started up in the adult part of the audience and, like sparks on tinder, instantly inflamed the children’s section. In the presence of the Director! As if they all knew her job was at stake: terrifying malevolence. Gladys nipped the disorder in the bud with a sibilant shhh!  cutting off the snickerers everywhere. She tried to see how the Director was reacting to her prompt intervention, but from where she was seated, he was hidden by a pillar as was Dr. Rosen. What was so funny, anyhow, Gladys wondered. The presentation of the cello was instructive and she regretted she had no paper and pen to take notes.
Gladys shifted her gaze from the pillar to the musician. He seemed to be staring at her in bewilderment and discontent. Could it be that he totally misunderstood the situation, taking her shhh on his behalf for a sabotaging hiss? But now he looked away and scanned the entire audience and went on. 
“So. I must now, after Bella, introduce to you J.S. Bach (1685-1750). J.S. Bach, as you have to know, was a most profilic man… prokific man… prolific, prolific, most prolific man: twenty-seven masses, two hundred and ninety cantatas, twenty wives, two children…”
More impolite adult snickers. The disorder was spreading. Belowkovsky’s glare silenced them before Gladys, trying to digest his incredible information, could intervene. 
“No, no, what do I say? In your mind you have corrected me: twenty children,  of course, two wives, of course. But enough. So: First Suite for Unaccompanied Cello in G major, BWV 1007 by J.S. Bach.”
He pulled Bella between his knees, her neck on his shoulder and approached the bow. It froze above the strings. He withdrew it, disengaged from the cello and addressed the audience again with a worried expression.
“Do not misunderstand. Two wives, yes, but not situlameous… silutameous… si-mu-l-tan-e-ous… si-mu-l-tan-e-ous two wives, no, no. No Moslem, J.S. Bach. To the contrary, devout Lutheran. So, first wife: Maria-Barbara, beloved, beloved cousin, seven children. After death of beloved Maria-Barbara, Anna Magdalena, beloved too, thirteen children. In all, then, twenty children, among who, Emmanuel Bach, Carl Philip Emmanuel Bach, Wilhelm Friedmann Bach, Johann Christian Friedrich Bach, Johann Christian Bach, etcetera, etcetera, too boring to enumerate all. So: First Suite for Unaccompanied cello in G major, BWV 1007 by J.S. Bach.”
He drew the cello close, approached the bow, then lowered it and sat stone-still in sudden reflection. He stared at the audience.
“BWV 1007. You wonder, perhaps, about what means BWV 1007. Foolish woman at concert once asks (joke perhaps? I think not, I think rather stupidness, deep deep stupidness) ‘BWV 1007?’ she asks. ‘Bach had car? Never heard of that model.’ So she said. Stupidness. Cars in eighteenth century! BWV is, of course, catalogue: Bach Werke Verzeichnis. Nothing, but absolutely nothing to do with BMW, double-you, double-you, BMW, Bayerische Motoren Werke, manufacturer of powerful costly automobiles. Stupidness. Enough.” 
Again the musician announced the work. Again he postponed the promised music in favor, this time, of a long drink of water. It involved a suspicious sniff and then audible gulps, a bobbing adam’s apple and a terminal ahhh of satisfaction. Gladys stifled a yawn and issued another preventive “shhh.” He was rather eccentric, but it appeared classical musicians often were. It was no reason for laughing. Her eyelids weighed a ton. She could hear from a great distance the little man explaining the meaning of “suite”: dance movements, and in a soporific drone enumerating them: Allemande, Courante, Sarabande, Bourrée, Gavotte, Gigue…

A crash and a storm of laughter awoke her. The musician was frozen in the attitude that had unleashed disaster, his left hand clutching Bella by the neck, his other arm still outflung in the gesture of bow attack, but his hand empty, the bow lying a yard from his feet, close to the fragments of the pitcher of water that his impetuous elbow had knocked off the table. Guilt stabbed Gladys Foley, as though her relaxed vigilance was responsible for the accident. She stood up unsteadily, summoned all the air she could in her lungs and expelled it in a mighty indignant  shhhh!  It silenced the laughter.
The musician muttered angrily in a guttural alien language as he leaned the cello against the table and picked up the bow, which he examined minutely. Satisfied, Vladimir Belowkovsky positioned himself above the chair, tugged at his trousers, a prudent crease-preserving gesture, and slowly lowered himself. In mid-course, knees bent at an angle of thirty degrees, a violent ripping sound filled the auditorium. The musician froze, his face blank. He dispatched his hand on a reconnoitring mission to the seat of his pants. A look of horror and the destructive laughter started, everywhere.
“Stop it!” Gladys cried out. “Stop that laughter immediately!”
They all stopped laughing and turned about, those who could, and stared at her, the glaring face of the Director appearing from behind the pillar, staring at her, glaring at her, not at the perturbers, at her, at her, and now all those faces distorted with her tears and suddenly old Dr. Rosen with his furrowed leaden face bent over her, his hand touching her bare arm, the metallic smell of his breath as he whispered that in his opinion it was all right if the audience laughed because the musician was actually a comedian and hoped that the audience would laugh, if people didn’t laugh he would be very disappointed.
She fled the auditorium in tears. 

Dr. Rosen mastered the deep pain, persistent for two days now, and limped after her into an empty corridor where she was standing before a window, shoulders heaving. Between her sobs, he heard the distant cello launch into Dvorak’s Humoresque (with occasional false notes but maybe that too was for laughs), grotesquely inappropriate background music to all the misery of her life she was now pouring out: motherless at nine, her terrible father, her unhappy marriage, the divorce, so many other things. She begged him to be her doctor, you listen to me, my doctor doesn’t listen to me, nobody listens to me, ever, please be my doctor. 
Dr. Rosen’s hand on her arm provided comfort, but his words were cruelly devoid of comfort and she cried harder when he declined, explaining, apologetically, that this was his last day here at the Center, that from now on he would be more a patient himself than a doctor, that was life, give and take. He succeeded in calming her.

Dr. Rosen found the musician on the parking lot, barely recognizable, rejuvenated with his vigorous head of hair, easing his cello case onto the rear seat of a beat-up Dodge. He’d already shed his wig there. 
Dr. Rosen said: “Thank you very much for the performance, Mr. Belowkovsky.” 
“Just plain Bellow. Thanks for the thanks but thanks for what?” He’d shed his Russian accent along with the Russian name too, but not his sad expression. “Some days it’s hard to raise a laugh. This was the worst ever. That woman.”
“It’s a special audience. No, the woman didn’t help things either. She meant well though. Do you really play the Bach piece?”
“Only if I can make them laugh first. It’s a theory I have. If they don’t laugh they get the Humoresque.” 
“I was sorry you didn’t perform it. The Bach, I mean. That’s why I came.”
Bellow pulled the cello case out of the car.
“Audience of one but beggars can’t be choosers. Outdoor acoustics, though. And I’m not Pablo Casals.”
He sat at one end of a bench, the cello between his knees, Dr. Rosen on the other end, his eyes closed.
The meagre Fuller Rehabilitation grounds were almost empty. Practically everybody was inside the Recreation Room, watching Flaming Guns. A few nurses and attendants strolled over, stayed a minute to listen and watch and then strolled away.
Bellow didn’t go past the Prelude.
“As I said, I’m no Casals,” he said, placing the cello back in the case.
“There’s only one Casals,” said Dr. Rosen. “Thank you very much.”
Bellow stared at the circular raised flower bed with pansies shivering in the tart April wind, then at the Center’s solitary tree, an elm pruned hard to the point of mutilation, so still leafless. 
“I work hospitals mainly. I don’t do it for the money. I have a full-time job in a bank.”
He looked at a smudge of black smoke dragging across the grey sky and made no effort to move. He wanted to talk, Dr. Rosen understood. He would be the last of the talkers. Dr. Rosen got up painfully and sat next to him for his final act of psychological support.
“I always wanted to perform before an audience. Like some kids dream of conducting a locomotive. A real performance and a real audience. This is the best I can manage. First time, it was straight Bach. They laughed. I was angry. Then I started playing it for laughs and now when they don’t laugh I’m angry. The music gets lost in the shuffle. I don’t know, maybe I should take up golf. Running out of hospitals anyhow.”
Dr. Rosen touched his arm. “Don’t do that. You’ve got real talent.” He was careful not to specify: talent for laughs. 
Bellow shook his hand thankfully, stowed his cello-case and drove off.

From the bench Dr. Rosen watched the Dodge dwindling in the industrial landscape, crawling past the car cemetery it would soon join, making for the freeway. The pain, muted during the exchange with the comedian-musician, returned full force. Perhaps to escape it, he thought of the woman who was sure to lose her job--how did she ever get it?--and wondered if he couldn’t find something for her somewhere. He’d have to take care of it fast, while he still had the necessary energy. He thought of the mediocre cellist who had run out of captive audiences and wondered if he couldn’t find other hospitals for him. 
He closed his eyes and summoned up the Prelude to the First Suite, not in Bellow’s but in the vastly improved Casals’ version. From elegiac it modulated into funereal. He tried to get free of it. It went on. 
But then from the third-floor Recreation Room windows came shots and a thunder of hooves and the children going joyously “Yay! Yay!” and for a few seconds he was free of the pain, the scrap heaps, the mutilated elm and the funereal music of the unaccompanied cello.


****









                                                                       






















THE REVOLT


On Sweet Doll’s birthday the wind changed and the black smoke drifted their way and Momma said, O my God. There was always black smoke from the three big black chimneys a mile away in the place where Poppa worked but most of the time the smoke didn’t bother them. But when the wind blew from the east like now there was a bad smell, like when Momma forgot a roast in the oven, and ashes on everything. Momma closed the windows but the ashes got in anyhow and Momma would scrub and scrub and sometimes weep. She liked things to be clean. In the garden Momma’s roses were dirty too and Momma would try to clean them with the hose but that was bad for the petals, she said. When Sweet Doll asked Momma what they burned all the time Momma would say, “I don’t know” and talk about her roses. She had lots of beautiful white roses. She wore white too and smelled good like the roses. Sweet Doll couldn’t ask Grandmother about the burning because Grandmother sat in the corner in her wheelchair all the time with her hand trembling on the big crucifix around her neck and she couldn’t move or talk except sometimes she would cry out, “No! No! No!” nobody knew why.
Some nights the trains rumbled in and Poppa would put on his black uniform and strap on his gun and leave to “receive the merchandise,” was what he once said when Sweet Doll asked what it was all about. Those nights Sweet Doll had trouble sleeping because of the shouts, the sharp whistles and dogs barking. 
On her birthday she got a doll with long blond hair, it looked exactly like real hair. A sweet doll for Sweet Doll, Momma said, kissing her. She also got a beautiful picture book of animals. One of the pictures was scary, a tiger full of stripes and he had long teeth. Momma said the tiger was the cruelest animal of all. This tiger was about to jump on a little nigger child, but there was a blond hunter dressed in white on an elephant and he was pointing a rifle at the tiger. Sweet Doll wondered if the hunter would kill the bad tiger before it ate the little nigger child. The picture she liked best showed a green jungle with big flowers and red and yellow parrots flying in the blue sky. It was Momma’s favorite too and Momma said, wouldn’t it be nice, the two of us there, just the two of us?
Momma baked a birthday cake. She stayed next to the oven because she was afraid the cake might burn. That sometimes happened with her roasts and Poppa would get very angry, meat was so expensive. But the cake came out of the oven perfect and Sweet Doll took a deep breath and blew out the birthday candles. They smoked a little and it smelled bad like the three black chimneys but the smoke didn’t last and the candles were small and pink, five of them. The cake tasted wonderful. Sweet Doll had two big slices and asked for a third slice but Momma said no, she was already a little too plump.
It was time for Sweet Doll’s nap. She imagined eating a third slice of the delicious cake with the layers of chocolate and her mouth watered. Finally she fell asleep and dreamt that the tiger with the burning stripes and long teeth was about to pounce on her. There were also sirens and shots and shouts in the dream and when she woke up, weeping, there was no more tiger but the sirens and the shots and the shouts went on and through the window she could see the three black chimneys had stopped smoking. Momma was on the phone and she sounded frightened.
Sweet Doll sneaked into the kitchen and took a piece of her birthday cake. So Momma couldn’t see her, she sneaked into the garden with it. She hid behind the lilac bush and was about to eat the cake when suddenly there was a horrible man in front of her, all bones and dressed in stripes like the tiger and like the tiger in the dream he sprang at her and snatched Momma’s cake out of her hand and stuffed it into his mouth but he had no teeth, not like the tiger, no teeth at all, just a black hole full of her cake and his face all bones and he smelled bad, even worse than the black smoke.
 Sweet Doll started screaming and Momma screamed and snatched her back into the house and locked the doors. Finally Poppa came and Sweet Doll heard a shot in the garden and she thought of the blond hunter on the elephant in the picture book. But the shots and shouts from the place where Poppa worked went on and the siren went on wailing and there was no smoke from the chimneys.
Sweet Doll ran a high fever for days. She had lots of bad dreams but one nice dream: she was with Momma, just the two of them, in the jungle with the big flowers and a beautiful blue sky full of yellow and red parrots.
Then everything was like before. 
Momma baked another delicious cake for Sweet Doll and let her have three slices now. 
Sweet Doll stopped dreaming about the tiger and the bad tiger man. 
The chimneys belched black smoke again but they were lucky because for a long time the wind didn’t blow it their way and Momma’s white roses were nice and clean. 
And Grandmother in her wheelchair held her big crucifix in her trembling hand and went on saying, “No! No! No!” over and over, “No! No! No!” nobody knew why. 

****



























ASHTRAYS AND MOONS



Phil, my older but still pimpled cousin, was a proselytizing second-hand position-savvy sexologist, (it was probably all hand-inspired fantasies I later realized). Did love involve impossible acrobatics like that? I wondered. I could barely manage three push-ups in high-school gym. He wanted his future wife to be an absolute virgin and warned me, when my time came, not to ever get “deeply involved” with a girl who’d been had. He punched me knowingly at the word “deeply.”  
“It’s like a car. You want to break it in yourself. You don’t want to drive a second-hand car with the ashtray full of another man’s butts.” I wondered how he knew about all that. He didn’t have his driver’s licence.
 Thereafter, crammed ashtrays became repellent and obsessive.  I spent my time and money not on girls, possible second-hand ashtrays, but on what Fourth Avenue second-hand bookstores offered: nineteenth-century authors who spoke of love in terms of romantic moons and where the only love acrobatics involved kneeling, prelude to impassioned but decorous declarations. 
I don’t know what queered love for me more later, those smelly ashtrays or those fictional romantic moons.


****


















A PENNY FROM CALISTRO


For weeks before Christmas, Calistro had been everywhere at once, like a foretaste of his promised marvels. 
Wherever the patients found themselves--wonderfully vertical in the hydrotherapy pool, or maintained that way by hypertrophied triceps between parallel bars, or seated in the drab corridors down which they pushed or were pushed--they’d seen his imperious gaze beneath the words Calistro Bends the Laws of the Universe to His Will!  Beneath scotch-taped plastic sprigs of holly, posters all over the place announced the magician’s special afternoon performance. 
Now his magic day had come.
It was an unlikely spot for magic. The Fuller Rehabilitation Center, a dark-brick five-story building, stood close to the river in a landscape of cracking-units, scrap-heaps and factories, largely disused. Those magnetic mountains of crushed cars deprived the patients of television. 
Most had few if any visitors. On Sundays, when the industrial haze thinned, those whose gaze could reach the level of the windows often killed time by watching the tide push in and leak out past rusting freighters awaiting dismantlement. Weather permitting, they could make out the capital’s white towers, forty kilometers downstream, and enabled freighters heading for the sea. 
Today, though, things beyond the nearby rusting freighters were blanked out with a sullen yellowish fog, like prelude to snow, unheard of at this latitude. Not even the juvenile patients dreamed of a possible white Christmas. 
The performance was to take place in a big multi-functional room used for rehabilitation activities on week days. Today, though, the gym mats had been rolled up and placed in a corner along with the weighted pulleys. A spotlight in the rear printed a full moon on the closed green curtains of the stage where the patients were often exhibited to medical students, their condition expounded in guardedly incomprehensible terms. On holiday week-ends, as now, the stage sometimes offered live performances. On Sunday morning a priest performed mass there. A novelty today was the antique Victrola standing on a table to one side of the curtains.
Jammed together, prone or seated, waiting for Calistro, the patients badly outnumbered the visitors chatting doggedly in their temporary wooden chairs next to the permanent chrome and leather ones. The strange cold and the yellow fog provided a precious topic to keep silence at bay.
Calistro was already twenty minutes late. With the exception of the fidgety children, half-believers in magic, the patients waited patiently for the magician to materialize. Patients in this place had to have patience, as the staff often told them evasively. 
But each time the door opened patients lost patience and, if they could manage the movement, turned toward the door in faint hope of a particular visitor. Seconds later, most of them turned back, disappointed, to the closed green curtains. The ones seated near the windows returned to the unclear perspective outside, still hoping. 
Occasionally they saw a headlight blur quit the fog-shrouded freeway and head for the Center. The car would slowly emerge, sometimes the right color for one of the patients but the wrong model, sometimes the right model for another patient but the wrong color. Sometimes one of the cars was the right color and model but the wrong man or woman got out. 
Finally an attendant drew the window curtains shut, depriving most of them of the world outside. Through the inch gap between the curtains, though, the better placed patients managed to salvage a view of an empty sliver of the car park. 
The young Activities Director stepped out from behind the green curtains into the spotlight, arms outstretched. Charley had a winning smile and an enviable build emphasized by a white sweat-shirt. He thanked the audience for the fine turnout and announced a wonderful last minute addition to the program, a distinguished artist, famous for over a half-century on the music-hall stages of London, stepping out of retirement today just for us, you all know him (Charley paused and glanced at the card in his hand): Harry Lane!  
A very old man with a cane slipped from between the curtains into the circle of light. He wore a striped jacket of antique cut, a flowing cravat, yellow spats on black pointy shoes and a cocky-angled straw hat. In his chalky makeup his bright red lips were set in a smile. Charley invited the audience to give him a great big hand, which they did, within the limits of their possibilities. 
The old man beamed. He blew kisses until the last ripple of applause died away. He collected himself, drew a deep breath and then deflated into bewilderment. Finally, remembering, he walked stiffly to the Victrola with its flaring horn like a giant drab morning-glory. A phantom orchestra struck up a jaunty tune. 
The old man shuffled about and sang in a thin cracked voice that he hadn’t got pounds, hadn’t got pence, hadn’t got hounds, hadn’t much sense, but by jimminy, but by crickity, crimminy, jickity, got me a girl, regular pearl, all my own, best I’ve known, name of Sue, forever true, Sue-Sue-Sue, true-true-true.
The tap dance that followed was like a feeble attempt to scrape filth off his soles. The children squirmed about restlessly. The creaks of their wheelchairs seemed to come from the old man’s joints. He tried to twirl the cane. It clattered to the stage. He bent down to recover it. The straw hat fell off his head, disclosing bumpy baldness between white fringes. 
The children started laughing. The hat wobbled over the edge of the stage. A visitor recovered it. The old man gratefully took it back and crowned himself at the same cocky angle. The children laughed harder. 
Sweat or tears trickled down his rifted cheeks. The adult patients hushed the children. The tinny music stopped. Puffing badly, the old man made it to the Victrola and put on a new disc. The flaring horn evoked a faint memory of a piano. 
Back in the spotlight, the old man launched into the next song. He urged the audience to keep smiling, to make December May, to keep smiling for a smile will pay, to chase the gloom away, to keep smiling all the live-long day, not to mope, cause there’s always hope.
Just as he began urging again, the Victrola wound down and the music collapsed. 
The old man too wound down. He stood there on the point of collapse, slack-armed and blinking. The audience murmured in discomfort. 
Charley bounded onto the stage, smiling, and linked his arm under the old man’s, thanking him in the name of all present for his fine performance. He overcame Harry Lane’s feeble resistance and hustled him out of sight behind the curtains. The audience could hear the old man’s pleas and Charley’s soothing voice. 
Finally Charley returned to the spotlight. He removed the prompt card from his pocket.
“And now, friends, allow me to introduce a man celebrated in five continents for incredible feats, materializing objects out of nothing…”
A high mocking nasal voice behind the curtains cut him off: 
“Fraud. Out of nothing, nothing.”
Confused, Charley lost his place in the card and then resumed.
“Able to defy chains, buried but resurrected…”
Again the scoffing hidden voice:
“Illusion, machinery, mirrors, hoaxes.”
Charley tried to continue with his catalogue of marvels but the voice behind the curtain sabotaged each of the extravagant claims and ended by routing him off the stage. The audience creaked and murmured. 
The curtain tugged open.
   Calistro stood there, finally, in flesh and blood, white-gowned, before a large draped table bearing a black mantelpiece clock, two empty flower-pots and what looked like a fortune-teller’s globe. From the posters the patients recognized the melodramatic shock of white hair above the commanding forehead, the aquiline nose, the masterful chin, the thin-lipped ironic mouth. 
“Let there be darkness,” the magician commanded in the high mocking voice that, seconds before, had disclaimed his own vaunted exploits. 
He pointed at the spotlight and there was darkness. 
The clock started tick-tocking loudly. The fortune-teller’s globe began glowing yellow, stronger and stronger, like a private August sun in winter, blinding the spectators.  
Calistro’s finger subdued the yellow glare. He turned to the audience. Saffron-hued, they participated marginally in the miracle.
“Hidden wires, they say. Charlatanism, deception, slight of hand. Out of nothing, nothing, they say, but…but… what is this?”
A bouquet of roses materialized in Calistro’s right hand. 
The audience forgot the painful fiasco of the ex music hall star. The real performance had begun. Accompanied by the ironic nasal patter, the prestidigitator’s swift hands contradicted the pretended skepticism of his words.
A white silk scarf turned red then yellow then blue and then vanished. 
Juggled balls, too, changed color and vanished. 
A brawny volunteer attendant tested a chain. He wrapped it about the magician and padlocked him into paralysis. The fortune teller’s globe turned blinding red. Even before they heard the jangle of the chain on the stage the audience knew he’d be free, for wasn’t he a professional escape artist? When vision returned, so he was, free, and with a bonus: the chain transformed into a garland of white roses about his feet. 
More things appeared and disappeared.

At 3:36 by the tick-tocking mantelpiece clock, the rear door opened for the seventh time since the beginning of the performance. Another late visitor negotiated the labyrinth of wheeled stretchers and chairs. Many turned about in stubborn hope. An attendant finally got up and locked the door, putting an end to the recurrent disturbance and to the recurrent hope. 
The tick-tocking mantelpiece clock marked 4:03 when Calistro, standing behind the table, passed his hands above the empty flower pots. The fortune-teller’s globe went out. After five seconds of darkness, light returned on full-bloomed azaleas, one red, one white, occupying the pots.
Calistro was acknowledging the applause when Harry Lane’s faint querulous voice started up. 
Frowning, the magician turned to the left wing of the stage and snapped a few words. 
The old man’s voice broke off and Calistro resumed with a quick-handed multiplication of coins, enhanced from copper to gold. 
At one point, a flourish of his arm caused one of the coins to fall, perhaps out of his ample sleeve. It bounced off the stage and rolled under a weighted pulley.  

At 4:26 the magician displayed a photograph of a bikinied girl. Paraplegics whistled. He shredded her, placed the fragments on the table, covered them with a shroud of white silk, executed a pass and snatched the shroud away. She was whole again. Paraplegics cheered.
“And now, my friends…” 
The magician’s solemn phrase broke off. 
Harry Lane was back, this time visible to the spectators. He blew kisses at them. The children protested. They wanted magic. They probably wondered why Calistro didn’t dematerialize the old man as he’d done to bouquets and scarves instead of negotiating his withdrawal. 
Finally the old man tottered off-stage. 
Calistro returned to his magic. But his spell had been damaged by these interruptions. He got fewer exclamations of wonder as things came and went.

At 4:43, in a strange abdication of authority, Calistro pretended not to see what everybody saw: the old man hobbling toward the center of the stage. The magician began his routine of summoning an object into existence while proclaiming the impossibility of the feat. 
This time, the object refused to materialize.
Confidence gone, the magician repeated his formula, reciting again “Out of nothing, nothing” just as the old man started piping the song about Sue-Sue-Sue, true-true-true. 
Nothing came out of nothing. 
The spectators were humiliated for Calistro.  
Harry Lane launched into the tap dance. He tripped up on himself, blundered against the table and collapsed into a sitting position, the straw hat shoved over his eyes. The jarred fortune-teller’s globe started pouring out a chaos of colors. The clock had suffered too. The loud tick-tock accelerated. The hands swept the dial faster and faster. The globe short-circuited into a white glare and died.  
Darkness.  
Now the globe started flickering deep violet as the furious tick-tock slowed and halted. 
The funereal violet light revealed the two azaleas reduced from opulent bloom to black skeletons, a miracle in reverse. 
The bikinied girl was in shreds again. 
The garland of roses on the floor was back to chain. 
Drained of arrogance, slack-armed and blinking, like the old man at the collapse of his first performance, Calistro stood there contemplating his wrecked magic. 
Finally the magician broke out of apathy and turned to the audience. 
“No! Like all things this can be undone, can be recovered, but you must assist me. Without you Calistro is powerless. Only our united wills can achieve the thing. Will it back!” 
Possibly some of the patients actually participated in the commanded operation as Calistro raised his trembling hands towards the dead azaleas.
 “I feel it coming, yes, stronger and stronger, your will coming and uniting with mine. Back! Back! Back!” 
A fountain of glittering dust took form above the table. The fortune-teller globe struggled out of mortuary violet, gathered strength in yellow and culminated in blinding sunburst. 
The clock returned to life, not tick-tock tick-tock but tock-tick tock-tick, in accelerating reversal.
When vision returned the spectators saw, O!, the last of the glittering dust settling on the azaleas, summoned back from death to glossy green and perfect bloom, settling on the nearly naked girl, whole again, settling on the reborn garland of roses, settling on the inert old man, settling on the wildly tock-ticking clock with its hands whirling counter to future. 
Now the furious tock-tic backwards halted and then resumed as tick-tock at the normal petty pace, the hands creeping imperceptibly into the future. 
Glittering with dust, the old man slowly rose to his feet as the orchestra started up from the giant morning glory horn of the Victrola, wound up by no visible hand, the scratchy century-old music miraculously updated, quadraphonic in fidelity now. 
The old man repeated his earlier routine, enjoining smiles all the live-long day, but back to ancient competence, his body supple, his voice full and true, belying the furrows and wrinkles of his face. He leaped about the stage with incredible grace, defying gravity, no need for the buoyancy of the hydrotherapy pool. His cane twirled about faster and faster, a blurred propeller reinforcing his limber leaps. It was as if he was about to take off, rise and hover above them, levitated like a Tibetan monk.
 Perhaps at this point some of the spectators, swept along by these successive miracles, imagined they possessed the power, self-directed now, to halt clock hands and will them to backward acceleration, tock-tick, tock-tick, back to the time before their definitive identity here in this place next to disused factories and derelict freighters, in strictly limited rehabilitation, defined for good by collisions and treacherous winter roads, by the sniper's bullet, the car-bomb blast, the anti-personnel mine, the burst shale vein, falls from high places, the greedy chain saw, the uncalculated side-effects of miracle drugs: back to the upright time before all that.
The music triumphantly climaxed.

The afternoon performance was over. The old man and the magician bowed to applause, bowed to greater than applause, the tribute of exalted faces, some tear-stained.
 The green stage curtains began tugging shut when Harry Lane grasped Calistro’s arm and pointed at a curtained window with an inch gap, strangely white. 
The attendant swept aside the curtains on the raging snowstorm, inconceivable at this latitude. Just before the curtain hid him, Calistro converted his astonishment into an expression of brow-knitted power, raising his wonder-working hands, taking credit for the meteorological quirk, the dreamed-of White Christmas for the children.
The swirls of miraculous snow parted an instant like ragged stage curtains affording a glimpse, it seemed to many of the patients, of possibly the right car below. 
If so, wasn’t it possible that the right person was just yards away, waiting outside the locked door?
After all those afternoon marvels wasn’t that minor thing possible?
The wheelchairs started moving. Now they formed a metallic mass  before the locked door. 
Waiting, a few patients noticed the coin that had fallen out of the magician’s ample sleeve and rolled under a weighted pulley. 
In a few hours the cleaning woman would come to tidy up for tomorrow morning’s performance of mass. The priest, an irascible white-haired old man, had already complained about the Saturday afternoon disorder. She was sure to see the coin too. It was copper, hardly worth stooping to. But she was poor. It was predictable that she would kneel and pocket it. 
The door was unlocked and opened. The wheelchairs pushed or were pushed toward the possible Christmas miracle of a desired face materialized out of nothing. 


****














CHRISTMAS TREES AT DAWN


The children finally fell asleep. The parents tip-toed to the closet, unlocked the presents and positioned them under the tree with its delicate glass balls and constellations of colored lights. Alongside it the window framed the big oak in the garden with the children’s swing. Faint stars shone between the black branches. No danger of a white Christmas, the children’s wish. The children thought in terms of snowmen, not of fatal skids. The parents finished the second bottle of champagne and went, unsteadily, to bed.
The wind woke them briefly at 2:36. At 3:18 he mumbled: “Blowing hard.” At dawn the house shook them stark awake. In the grey light outside they saw that the big oak with the swing had fallen a few yards from the house, a chaos of broken branches. The gale blowing a few degrees more south-west and the tree would have swivelled on its tap-root like a fair-ground wheel of fortune and sent its tons on the roof. Decapitated pines cowered and whined. The house groaned. The noise almost covered the boy’s wails.
They groped their way toward the wails, she crying, “It’s all right, everything’s all right, we’re here.” 
In the living room the tree stood unlighted but intact, the colored balls reflecting minimized versions of the chaos outside. Busy with their presents the children didn’t look up. The boy had gone impatiently from package to package, in a welter of gay gift wrapping paper and was now pushing the fire engine, imitating its wail. The little girl had stopped at the first package and had already set up the doll’s house. She positioned the fourth chair at the table in the miniature living room: perfect order.


****


















PapY on the River


"It's summer again, Papy," we yelled in his ear. "Where to this time?"
 Every June 21, his birthday, it was the same thing. Most of the time we didn't get through or when we did we couldn't understand him and we wheeled him around the park, telling him what the flowers and the sky looked like. 
This time he said "B-bordel" and we laughed and poked him, very gently, and yelled, "Where else do you want to go, Papy?" After a while he said, "C-craix. B-boat." He used to talk about it years ago when he could still talk: young, stripped to the waist in the sunshine, drifting past nice things. That was way back, before the war.

So we placed him in a rowboat at Craix. He sat between us, bundled up, blinking behind his thick useless glasses. He looked happy as the boat drifted, along with belly-up breams, oil-slicks and plastic bags, past cement-works, scrap-heaps and run-down council houses. We yelled at him the things we remembered from his memories: banks bristling with fishing poles, wheat fields with poppies, neat kitchen gardens, couples dancing in the riverside café under the garlands. The blue sky was no invention. He kept saying, "N-nice, n-nice."

We brought him back to the Home. We yelled in his ear, "Enjoy yourself, Papy?" He processed it and said, "N-nice, n-nice g-girls, n-nice, n-nice g-girls." Drifting down the river he hadn't heard us. He'd been to the bordel after all. Maybe we should have taken him there for real. The girls are renewed, not like the river. But I guess outside things don't matter much if you can't see them and if you're able to hold on to the way they'd been.

****



















AT THE VETERINARIAN’S        



After the collie with the bandaged paw it was the old man’s turn. He had a day-old beard and his shirt was askew, buttons and buttonholes mismatched. He placed the battered wicker basket on the white table. The lid was maintained by two luggage elastics and he had trouble freeing them. The young vet did it easily. Just looking at the cat was enough to know, but the old man said:
‘He’s blind, can’t walk or eat.”
“Generalized cancer.”
“Again.”
“No, it happens only once. He must be twenty.”
“My wife found him in her garden twenty-one years ago. He was a kitten.”
“Ripe old age for a cat. Nothing to be done except put him to sleep. Perfectly painless. Sixty Euros.”
“Yes, that’s why I brought him in.”
The young vet busied himself at the stainless steel sink and came back with two syringes.
“What’s his name?”
“Felix.”
“This won’t hurt, Felix. Hold him and talk to him.”
“He’s deaf too.”
The young vet took a fold of skin and injected the contents of the first syringe. The cat hardly struggled.
“It’s to calm him. We’ll wait a minute.”
He went over to his desk and chose a number on his cell-phone. There was a photo of a pretty smiling woman on the desk and another of two small children. Still holding Felix, the old man heard him mumble:
“Yvette, Jean. … Just two more. … Yes, heavy cream and a jar of mustard. Won’t forget.”
He returned and examined the cat.
“He’s right now.”
He injected the contents of the second syringe expertly in the region of the heart. Felix hardly shuddered.
“It’s over. Perfectly painless. You can tell your wife her cat didn’t suffer at all.”
“My wife is dead.”
A quick compassionate expression and the young vet took the syringes over to the stainless steel sink. The old man said to his back:
“She died six months and almost one week ago. Doctor, why don’t they do to people who need it what you just did to Felix?” 
“Animals are animals, humans are humans.”
“Doctor, if somebody  offered you six hundred Euros to do it to him, would you accept?”
“Euthanasia is a crime.”
“You could always say he had a heart attack. Six thousand Euros?”
The young vet returned to the table and the old man who was still holding the cat.
“Sixty Euros, please.”
The old man paid and started for the door.
“Don’t you want your cat?” 
“What for now?” 
“Some people prefer to bury their animals in their garden.”
“Not me.”
“No problem in that case. Don’t forget to take your basket.”
“Sixty thousand Euros?”
“Excuse me?”
“Nothing. No, you can keep the basket too, Doctor.”


****


 





                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                


















                                                                                                                                                                                             




WAITING FOR THE TRAIN



Every minute I look around for possible witnesses. What would they think of an aging well-dressed clearly respectable man--that’s how everybody has always seen me--acting like a thirteen-year-old up to no good, squatting next to rails in the middle of nowhere in mid-winter with night coming on, waiting with pennies for a train he’ll never board? It’s no crime but clearly abnormal. Isn’t abnormality a crime in a way, though? That was always my father’s view.
This time, driving back from the tire retread plant, I finally gave in to the abnormal idea about rails and pennies, and maybe more, that’s been gnawing at me for the past month. I turned off the main road, something I’d never done before. It’s a route so familiar from twenty-five years of back and forth from plant to home that it hardly registers anymore. I’ve covered plenty of ground in my life even if it’s the same ground over and over. Five eighty-mile round-trips a week, multiplied by 25 years, gives you 740,500 miles, twenty-nine times the circumference of the earth, a better trip than the real one, I imagine. Toward the end you’d probably get tired of equatorial temples and tigers too but not as fast as billboards and used-car lots. 
So I turned off. The small road shook off landfills and junk heaps and started running in empty country alongside the railroad embankment. I pulled over and automatically pocketed the car keys. Half-way to the rails, I stopped. I went back to the Mercedes, left the keys on the driver’s seat and then walked back to the embankment with a fistful of dull pennies.

I can’t get rails and pennies out of my head ever since the doctor gently explained what’s the matter with me. The gentleness was the really bad part. That was a month ago. Now I start thinking of rails whenever I see the faces around me, dull as unimproved pennies, the worst of the faces the one staring back at me in the bathroom mirror every morning. Maybe the illness has spread to my brain too.
Rails and pennies go back to when I was thirteen, already a secret sinner, standing at the bottom of the embankment, looking around for possible witnesses and then up at Allan. The wind blows his red hair into flames as he repositions the penny on the rail again. The penny is his idea. He has all the ideas and I go along with them, even the dangerous ones, because he’s my only friend. I don’t want to lose him. I’ve never told my parents about him because his father drinks, is an atheist and has socialistic ideas or even worse. Everybody knows that in our small town. 
Allan’s up there without me not just because I don’t dare soil my shiny Sunday shoes. Mainly because I’m scared of what that coin on the rail can lead to. I’ve heard that mutilating American currency is a Federal offence. Worse, suppose my father found out?
I think I can hear the train coming. I always liked trains. Before I studied geography, I used to dream about boarding one for China disguised as a Chinaman. But this train is different.
“Won’t it derail?” I say, tense for flight and not mentioning the crime of mutilating Lincoln. 
“So what?” he says and speaks about fat wallets scattered in the wreckage and what we’d be able to buy with the money. But he joins me as I start running away. 
That evening the radio announces a train wreck: 200 victims. I'm devastated till I hear: India. Maybe kids there had been fooling around with rupees on the rails. My father tells mother and me to kneel with him and pray for the souls of those dead people. We do that all the time. There are lots of accidents and wars on the radio and my knee-caps hurt from them. But I always think of other things when I kneel alongside him, like being in China, for instance. This time I think about elephants and tigers in India.
The next day Allan and I recover the penny, miraculously transformed, like what my father says in church about believers, something about the trumpet blowing and we shall all be changed. But it wasn’t a trumpet, it was the train. Allan had placed the drab penny on the rail. Now after the train, it's unique, with a burnished true copper color, but green against the light, like, once, a sunset over our grey prairie town. An ordinary penny blocks light, doesn’t transform it. And this extraordinary penny doesn't go round and round in a boring circle anymore. Lincoln's marvellously stretched out, a new person. I collect things like that. I have tropical seashells with the sound of those seas in them. I have cocoons with the hope of butterflies. I have old maps of spice islands in Asia. I have silk masks, lots of other things. But none of them come close to the transformed penny.
A fat kid at school offers us five drab round pennies for the marvel. I want to keep it. But Allan, already a shrewd schemer, is in command. It’s just the start, he explains. Those five pennies, flattened by the train, will be good for twenty-five more pennies. Twenty-five multiplied by five amounts to 125. Three more such operations amount to 78,125 cents. He’s quick at multiplication and sees the round money rolling in, 25% of it for me. 
So I have to agree. But the next day I offer the fat pig-faced kid a dime for the transformed penny. He says no, suspicious. I didn’t know the techniques of negociation. Right from the start I was a bad businessman. It wasn’t in my nature.  That was strange because later I became a successful businessman. But even then business went against my nature, every day every minute of it. The kid says no to a quarter, no to a half-dollar, then yes to a dollar, he’ll bring it to class tomorrow. But tomorrow he says he’s lost it.  How can you lose something like that? Will the train be able to repeat the miracle? 
So Allan and I return to the rails. But a railroad employee catches us recovering the five transformed pennies. He has silver hair, no lips and silver-framed glasses that magnify his pale blue eyes. Holding us by the scruff of the neck he says we deserve to be jailed for mutilating American currency and the name of God. He calls us Communists and kicks us hard in the behind, 78,125 times it seems. Of course he confiscates the transformed pennies. Then he takes our names. When I blubber mine he looks at me hard and says, “Hey, you’re the minister’s son.” I should have denied it. But it’s sinful to lie. I should have anyhow.
He reports us to our families. The next day Allan says his father just laughed. Allan’s lucky. Not that my father ever beats me. He doesn’t believe in physical violence, he always says. He confiscates. I learned the word from him very early. The last time it was all my Devil’s Eye aggies and delicate bird skulls, because of cards on Sunday. This time he confiscates the tropical shells and the old maps and the cocoons and the masks. He also prays to God on my behalf. My soul’s at stake, I understand. My mother weeps. I wish he’d beaten me. 	
That night I dream that Abraham Lincoln, terribly mutilated and wearing silver-framed glasses, sentences me to worse than jail. They are tying me to the rails in hell when I wake up sweating and weeping. I resolve to reform, be a good American, stop the secret sin, stop seeing Allan, respect my nation's currency and the name of God and never do anything that might turn me into a Communist. 
  My father died six years later. I was in business school by then, his idea, not mine. One day I poked around in his study, something I’d never dared to do when he was alive, and found in a deep drawer the aggies, the bird skulls, the cocoons (still just cocoons) the maps, the tropical seashells, the masks and all the other confiscated things. They were dusty. I dumped them in the ashcan.  

That business with the pennies was forty-two years ago. Since then I’ve been a reasonably good American. I've been married for thirty years, although it seems much longer, run my own tire-retread business in this same town, am a regular church-goer and try desperately to believe in transfiguration after death. I  contribute to charities, bowl on Friday evenings when my wife has her ladies’ meeting, have sent three children through college and see them on Christmas most of the time. 
I am generally regarded as dull but solid. Nobody knows how ill I am, not even my wife, although it’s beginning to show. Probably it’s like the main road with me: I’m so familiar to her I don’t register any more. Nobody knows about that ill me, not at all solid. Nobody knows how I’ve been tempted to seek out rails in the open country as I’ve finally done and how I think of dull pennies transformed by the train’s wheels into copies of rare sunsets over our town. 
So here I am, midwinter, night falling, middle of nowhere, staring at rails, waiting with pennies for a train I’ll never board. The way I did long ago, I look around for possible witnesses even though it’s not for the same thing now. All I see in the twilight are muddy fields, bare trees, a grey sky and a distant farmhouse with lights already on at the end of the day. 
I notice I’ve scuffed my new shoes struggling up the embankment. It doesn’t matter this time.
I wish there were a way to retread souls like tires.
I think I can hear the train coming.


****

                                                                                                                                                                                   














SEQUELS


The sidewalk was blasted bad here.  We stumbled past another burned-out car, skirted another suicide-bomb crater.
 “Ninth Avenue, Sixth Street, Building Nine, Apartment Six,” I repeated. “Nine-six, nine-six, easy to remember, huh?”
 He didn’t answer. It was the first time for the kid. He looked like I’d felt on my first mission.
 “Listen, Joe…” I said.
 “George,” he corrected, but timid about it. I was in charge.
 “Listen George,” I said. “The first time is the hardest. Next time, routine, you won’t even think about it. Trick is, take them out quick. Give them a second they’ll blow themselves up, you with them.”
That had happened to me a year before. No sequels you could see except maybe the way I was shivering at 105 degrees, like I had a ton of ice in my belly and chest. But I wasn’t going to spoil him with that story.
He didn’t say anything till I turned left.
“Ninth Avenue’s to the right.”
One of the sequels. Sometimes I get names and directions wrong.
We turned right and soon hit Ninth Avenue and then Sixth Street and stopped before Building Nine.
There was TV light flickering under the door of Apartment Six and TV voices squeaking in wog. He’d be off guard.
I kicked the door open and the kid gave the room a thirty-round burst. I did too. We ran inside.
Funny thing, the TV hadn’t been touched. It kept showing Tom and Jerry in wog. Jerry was lighting a stick of dynamite under Tom.
Joe looked down at the woman and her kid.
“Jesus,” he said. “Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.”
I fished out the paper.
Not Ninth Avenue and Sixth Street. Other way around. Sixth Avenue and Ninth Street. Six-nine, six-nine, not so easy to remember. The building and the apartment numbers were right though. Sequel. I couldn’t tell him that.
I tried to calm him down. Can’t get them all right, I said. He shouldn’t worry. We’ll be covered.
The stick of dynamite went off under Tom. He was singed bad and sore as hell and started chasing Jerry. 
I switched the TV off. I went on trying to calm him down. We had to get the real job done, get to the other address, Sixth Avenue and Ninth Street.
But Joe just stood there, spoiled and for good, I knew.
“Jesus, the kid, she couldn’t have been even three,” he said.
I told him again we’d be covered and pulled him out of the room and out of the building and we started running out of that wrong street. He was still bawling and sweating like a pig. Not me, though. I still had all that ice in my belly and chest at 105 or hotter even. But I think I already said that.

****



THE SLUSH MACHINE


Depending on their imaginative powers, a snowfall can remind people of moulting angel-wings, of the slow downfall of mayflies or of a defective TV screen. When the Assistant Submissions Editor of Conglomerated Publishing, Inc. emerged from the subway that day into a swirl of snow-flakes he tried to be reminded of nothing at all, snow is snow is snow, but couldn’t help thinking, as usual, of millions of manuscript pages being shredded on high. 
Brushing the flakes off his briefcase, he directed his steps toward the Conglomerated Building capped by a giant blinking neon sign. It advertised in red the latest blockbusters and their dizzying sales figures. Behind the shifting curtain of snow the sign showed as a vague inflammation. The Assistant Submissions Editor shot up to the fifty-eighth floor and, as he did once a week, let himself into his office. His salary was nothing much but the hours (hour, in fact) very good, thanks to the technological breakthrough represented by the gigantic machine that occupied half the floor space.  He sat down before the screen and noted that there were 467 submissions, slightly higher than usual. 
The Assistant Submissions Editor pressed a red button. Arms dangling between his knees, he stared dully at the long stretch of glass that revealed the machine’s inner workings. It came to life, emitting hungry sounds. The tube that ran through the transom sucked up the manuscripts in the mail-room.  Visually empowered steel fingers delicately withdrew the wrappings like a lover denuding his sweetheart. Other steel fingers withdrew the all-important stamped self-addressed envelopes. The useless remnants proceeded to the shredding unit where a quick multitude of razor-sharp blades did their work meticulously. 
 A blast of air blew the shreds of the manuscripts into a snow-storm of intimate if fragmentary cohabitation, a promiscuous pot-pourri of genre, subgenre and cross-genre: suffering childhoods, erotic Romance, pastel Romance, alternate-world time-traveling female vampires, evocations of jolly close-knit families back then, sentient jelly-blobs, fat women who find love, thin girls who lose it, etc. etc. The light of the neon sign close to the window bathed the whirling shreds in alternations of white and blockbuster red. Then the shredded submissions lost their particularity as they were blown into a potent liquid and congealed into a thick grey slush. Rollers converted this into recycled paper immediately printed up with the usual formula: 

We have read your manuscript with great interest but we regret to say that it  does not fit into our present publishing plans. Wishing you all success in your future writing endeavors,

Conglomerated Publishing, Inc.

 Steel fingers inserted the message into each of the 467 stamped self-addressed envelopes. The flap of each was moistened and sealed and the boomerang letters were neatly piled into two cardboard boxes. The processing machine switched itself off.
The Assistant Submissions Editor stood up. Another day, another dollar. He carefully placed the boxes in a plastic shopping bag which he held in one hand, the other gripping his briefcase. He zoomed down to the palatial ground floor and stepped outside.
The snow had ceased. The Assistant Submissions Editor carefully picked his way through the thick gray slush to the nearby post office where he entrusted the employee behind the barred window with the 467 letters. Then he sat down at a table and removed a roll of scotch tape and a thick envelope from his briefcase. He pulled out the typed manuscript and proceeded to inspect it for the hundredth time for typos. 
Reading intently, he was swept away by his exquisitely wrought style. His face registered a variety of emotions via smiles, frowns, tenseness and even moist eyes. Hours passed. Finally he replaced his manuscript in the envelope and carefully sealed it with lengths of scotch tape. Once more he inspected his name and address in the upper left-hand corner and the name and address carefully printed on the center: 

Submissions Editor
Ransom and Scriviner Publications
325 Madison Avenue
New York, NY

He dispatched it. It was a smaller concern than Conglomerated and possibly had not yet acquired the expensive Kirubawaki XL289 Manuscript Processing Machine. One could always hope.
He left the post office. 
The snow had resumed and now covered the gray slush with whiteness, like a page awaiting print. 
The Assistant Submissions Editor of Conglomerated Publications, Inc. hurried through the millions of whirling snowflakes. Snow is snow is snow is snow and nothing else he thought and vanished out of it into the subway.

****

 


















ARTHUR AND JACK


The last time Arthur saw his ailing twin brother, Jack had hobbled out and stared helplessly at the mounds of earth disgracing the rear lawn, his wife’s pride. Alice had nagged him into trying strychnine-powdered worms, barbed-wire (moles are bleeders), poisonous gas, even planting garlic. He was hammering in an ultrasound device when he collapsed face down on a black mound. He was forty-two. Arthur was on an off-shore drilling platform on the other side of the world when it happened.
A month later, Arthur returned. After the grave, he visited the widow, striking and rejuvenated in low-cut black.  The familiar mole, like an eighteenth century beauty-spot, decorated the rise of her left breast. They evoked Jack at length over coffee and cookies. She said that life, terribly, went on with all its problems, great and small. For example, the lawn, his pride, a disgrace now, the grass knee-high and of course the moles at work. It would have killed him a second time to see it. She couldn’t cope, simply couldn’t. And she wanted no paid stranger mowing his lawn. She wept. 
So Arthur, no stranger, had to offer to mow the grass, despite the heart condition he’d shared with his twin, along with identical features and desires, almost everything in common. She pointed out that the lawn mower was self-propelled and pressed Jack’s gardening overalls on him. 
But confronted by all those black mounds, he had to raze them with a shovel, dumping the earth into a wheelbarrow, not self-propelled. Sweating hard, he turned to the lawn mower.  By the time he had it running, new mounds had come up.  He ran right and left, panting, trying to rescue the green from the black, Alice looking on from the terrace. 
A sharp chest pain pulled him to his knees. As her panicked voice called his brother’s name, new mounds, like miniature tumuli, rose all about him, the lawn less and less green, now nothing but black, like her dress and the familiar mole on the rise of her left breast, and now the sky black too. Her voice, fainter and fainter, went on crying, “Jack! Jack!” 
His darkening mind protested, “I’m not Jack. My name is Arthur. We have nothing in common now.” 
Green seeped back to the lawn, blue to the sky. He arose unsteadily to his feet. The pulled muscle stabbed him as he wrenched off his brother’s gardening overalls and made for the car.
 Her voice went on. She had his name correct now but Arthur ignored her pleas to return and finish the job for Jack’s sake. 
She ran toward the car. Resisting the temptation of her supple black figure in the rear mirror, eyes fixed on the road ahead, Arthur accelerated.


****






POem 


After the bombers landed (no losses sustained, heavy losses inflicted), the Squadron Leader, a poet as well, staggered out, still dazed by the giant flowers contemplated 800 meters below. He scribbled a poem about it at white heat at the bar of the Officers’ Relaxation Compound in the occupied capital and declaimed it to his comrades.
In the opening stanzas, the rebel tribesmen hurled their medieval spears at the Twentieth Century overhead. The bombs blossomed in their midst like exquisite fast-motion red roses, disposing of them and bringing transient beauty to stony fields, spiky vegetation and surviving mud hovels.
In the following prophetic stanzas, the ardent roses had blazed the trail for schools, hospitals, cinemas, soccer stadiums, correct places of worship and administrative buildings bearing effigies of the Supreme Guide.
In the final stanza, an allegorical female form of surpassing beauty, draped in gauzy national colors, filled the sky between Venus and Andromeda, a diadem of stars caught in her flowing blonde hair. She praised their labors and pointed the way back.
When the Squadron Leader finished his poem the long moment of stunned silence that ensued was even more gratifying than the storm of applause, the cheers, the stamping. They stood him to drinks repeatedly and  begged him to recite his poem again. As he did he noted flaws.  
After a fourth round of drinks they all visited the other part of the Compound. The Squadron Leader, whose rank entitled him to first choice, picked a new reasonably light-skinned one. She wore, very briefly, a ragged dress with a faded floral pattern. She had a sullen child’s face but the important parts of her were well past childhood.
After, back in his room, the Squadron Leader spent hours over his poem, tightening it here, expanding it there, improving the scansion, polishing the imagery. When he felt his creation was worthy of the cause it celebrated  and possibly of publication, he set it aside, next to the framed photograph of his wife and children, turned off the light and fell promptly asleep.  


****















INTRUDERS


The cold awakened him to the empty bed. She was standing in her nightgown at the open window in the dawn light.
“You’ll catch pneumonia.”  He had to say it twice.
“There’s a beautiful deer in the garden.” 
Before, she’d have invited him to share her discovery. He got up and looked at the dim empty garden.
“Too late,” she said triumphantly.
In the bathroom her pills lay untouched.
Later he visited the kitchen garden he’d dug for her.  
He found her in the deckchair behind the yew. She kept on staring at the sky.
“Your deer ate half the potato patch.”
“Potato man.”
“How did it get in? I locked the gate.”
“I opened it.”
“You shouldn’t have. This is a lonely place. There are two-legged intruders too. You forgot to take your pills.”
In the middle of the night she got up. From the window he saw her in the moonlight opening the gate.
In the morning the bed was still empty.
He called her name over and over. 
Finally he went through the open gate. In the path leading to the forest a deer stood staring at him. Then it leaped away and vanished in the dawn mist.


****




















THE FULL-FACE SILHOUETTE


His Grace’s mutilated voice went on behind the leather mask, more unbearable to Master Bellucci than the horror it hid.
    “The parents of my distant beloved whose portrait you now admire have already received costly landscapes of my estates. One would imagine that this would suffice. They now request my own likeness before granting their approval to the union. They shall receive a silhouette.”
    “A silhouette, Your Grace?”
    Master Bellucci’s gaze shifted from the miniature of the exquisite fifteen-year-old girl to the uncompleted Resurrection painting with the nude angel, its visage suffused with rapture, a wisp of cloud concealing its parts. The angel was still wet. Minutes before the visit of His Grace, Master Bellucci had signaled to Antonio and the beautiful boy with rotten teeth had interrupted the angelic pose, yawned vulgarly and disappeared, still naked.
    “Quite so, a silhouette.” 
    Master Bellucci kept staring at the angel. He avoided looking at the beautiful young face he had painted on insane command, following the Battle of Asti and the burst cannon, on the leather mask which concealed His Grace’s presumed face. Round eye-holes had replaced the painted eyes.
    “But I am essentially a portrait painter, Your Grace.” 
    His hand indicated the portraits, awaiting their definitive gilt frames, with their masterful rendering of silks, furs, velvet, golden-threaded brocades, blue glinting cuirasses. The patrons who had commanded the portraits -- statesmen, men of war, prelates and merchants -- wore expertly rendered expressions of equity, piety and benevolence. Master Bellucci’s well-paid brush had abstained from penetrating those masks.
    “The parents will appreciate the signature of Master Bellucci beneath the silhouette, worth eight thousand ducats to me. The silhouette must be full-face.”
    “But by definition a silhouette is a profile, Your Grace. A full-face silhouette would be a black blot.”
    “A full-face silhouette for eight thousand ducats.”
    Master Bellucci summoned courage and looked at the mask with the beautiful painted face, inspired by his lover Giovanni, dead a month later at seventeen of the plague. It stared at him impassively out of black holes. 
    Black blots, black holes. 
    Master Bellucci’s heavily veined gnarled hands slowly opened in acquiecence. 
    “As His Grace desires,” he said, staring past the eyeless face of Giovanni at the nude angel, now thinking of what eight thousand ducats would purchase for Antonio.

                                                        ****  








LITERARY EXCHANGE


The Fiction Editor’s straight-from-the shoulder verdict on the writer’s most recent submission to the magazine came 258 days later, much quicker than usual. The response was gratifying in form. It was the first personalized rejection the writer had received in seven years of dogged submissions to Diagonal Apex. But the content was disheartening:
“Not for us. Effete style exercises. Get some punch in your stories.”
 Although he found the proposed subject odd, the effete stylist looked back for punch inspirations. 
The earliest punches he remembered came from smelly lower-class Billy in PS 89. A billy is a club but Billy was a puncher not a clubber. Billy-Bully terrorized the bourgeois stylist’s seventh year.
At radical twenty, not yet a stylist, he punched a time-clock for two years in a mustard factory and by twenty-two had developed a mustard allergy and lost faith in the historical mission of the proletariat.
At thirty he got drunk on rum-laced punch and recklessly proposed to his first wife, the powerfully built one. Her name wasn’t Judy but could have been. She proved attentive to his faults in writing and behavior and never pulled her punches with him, not all of them metaphorical.
At thirty-two he lost her and his best friend simultaneously, not to mention two front teeth and his remaining illusions. 
He was punch-drunk from all of these losses for a long time. 
Then he met his slender second wife. 
From her he got qualified praise for his writing and unqualified praise for his caresses.
That was all the writer could dredge up from the muck of memory on the subject of punch and punches. He submited them anyhow, slightly expanded.
The Fiction Editor’s response came 421 days later, again a personalized rejection: 
“Definitely not for us. You totally misunderstood my observations regarding punch, by which I meant tension, action, focus. Finally, you persist in telling instead of showing. It can never be said too often: show, don’t tell! show, don’t tell! 

****
















WITCH


I bear witness on Holy Writ that, her husband wasting away, the accused sought herbs in the forest for a brew and that he died in atrocious agony soon after. My beloved wife wasted away too and the accused brought her herb-broth and the wife of my bosom too died atrociously. I too am wasting away ever since I looked into her sea-green eyes. I saw her one stormy day on the cliff shamelessly unbinding her copper hair which flamed out like wild fire. What was the dark shape that broke the surface of the sea at her behest? She troubles my sleep with her flaming hair. Once I dared follow her in the forest, domain of wild beasts, savages and unholy spirits, to a black pool where her Master in the form of a monstrous deformed carp followed her as she picked herbs from the muckish evil-smelling edge. More and more she disturbs my sleep with her hair blowing fiery like the faggot-fed flames that will consume her and put an end to those dreams which eat away the substance of my frame and mind.


****










 




















MIRACULOUS ENCOUNTER


There she suddenly was, in the dentist’s waiting room, just the two of them. 
“Nice to see you again,” he said, understating his joy as he’d always done whenever they’d met. “Been months.” 
“Years,” she corrected. 
“You’re looking nice,” he said, understating her eyes and mouth, as he’d always had to.  
When he saw she wasn’t wearing her wedding ring he approached his face to hers as he’d never dared. 
“There’s something I always wanted to tell you,” he said, on the point of finally breaking free of understatement. 
But the neighbor’s phone jangled behind his wall and dispelled the two of them, she back into nothing, he into his solitary bed with his aching tooth. 
He shut his eyes against the morning light and tried to return. Of course he couldn’t, disbarred by awareness that they were separated by something vaster than the Atlantic, even more definitive than all those decades (decades, not years, as she’d said).
His own phone jangled: the dentist: miraculously, a slot was open that morning. 
By the time he showered and dressed and finally located his social security card, the miraculous encounter with the dead woman had evaporated from his mind. 
Soon he sat in the crowded waiting room among strangers, confident in the power of Novocain to end that circumscribed pain.

****



END















OTHER BOOKS BY HOWARD WALDMAN




TIME TRAVAIL

Harvey Morgenstern’s weird machine searches the past to resurrect a lost love--at the peril of his life.    Kindle


BACK THERE

The Lauriers’ tumble-down country place is just thirty miles but, in terms of comfort, a century from Paris. Harry, the New York photographer, calls it paradise and photographs it all, among other things, the Model T parts holding down the flimsy roof and the marvellously archaic well and scythe. And, of course, his mysterious sweetheart and her family. The Lauriers assume that Harry will soon become a member of that family. But divorced Harry, allergic to any commitment other than artistic, is convinced that marriage spells the death of love. Aren’t things already perfect in this paradise? He goes on photographing it. Someone said, though, that all paradises are lost paradises. Will Harry finally understand that love, not art, is the major commitment?      Kindle


THE SEVENTH CANDIDATE

Edmund Lorz’s firm, Ideal Poster, effaces obscene graffiti from subway advertising posters. A newly-hired operator, endowed with frightening almost superhuman skills, slowly dominates his employer’s life and that of his secretary.    

Kindle


GOOD AMERICANS GO TO PARIS WHEN THEY DIE

Five not-so good Americans resurrect, young again, in the otherside Paris Police Prefecture. They try to escape and join the world of the living to order to correct and relive long-ago failed loves.     Kindle











CONTACT




howard.waldman@orange.fr






















