
Emily Taylor Book 4
The Teenage Mum
©2013  Vi Grim.
Published by Vi Grim
Originally Published as ‘Yellow’

writetovigrim@gmail.com

Cover photo©Dreamtime
Inside cover illustration ©Lulu
All Rights Reserved Worldwide
23 November 2014 Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please download an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Also published by Vi Grim
Emily Taylor Book 1- Abducted
Emily Taylor Book 2- The Slave Girl
Emily Taylor Book 3 – The Apprentice



1

Clank, clank, clunk, whoosh, clank, whoosh, tap, tap, clank.
Cars and buses whoosh by as I skip along the side of the motorway, juggling an empty coke can like I'm Pelé. I kick it at a road sign. It hits target and bounces up in the air in a shower of sparks.
'Goal!' I shout, raising my hands in the air and dancing about as chips of paint rain down on me like confetti.
The traffic honks and roars in appreciation as it whooshes by.
I trap the battered can before it hits the ground, tap it in the air a couple of times then boot it at the next sign. 
Clank!
Another perfect shot, it hits bang on target and bounces out into the road. 
Boooop!
A huge juggernaut hoots as it shoots by inches away, blowing my hair into my eyes. 
Its eighteen wheels squash and flatten my can, squishing it into the tar.
I'm young, like about ten, and wearing the bright yellow summer dress with red strawberries that I wore all that last summer at home. It ain't summer though, more like winter. I blow out dragon's breath into the frosty, grey air. I don't feel the cold, not a bit. I skip down the off ramp heading for home, and bangers and mash, with peas and gravy for dinner.
Suddenly, horns honk angrily and there’s a screech of tires. Cars and trucks swerve to avoid a huge slimeball that's heading down the lane towards London. A red double-decker bus smashes into it, splattering blue slime all over the place. A lump of sticky, revolting goop slams into my face, knocking me off my feet. I jump back up and run blindly, clawing with my hands to try and get the slime out of my eyes. It stings! I trip and fall heavily, winding myself. Grabbing the hem of my dress I wipe the sticky slime away as I struggle to my feet, gasping for air. I look around. The slimeball is coming straight for me. I'm frozen; my legs won't work. I scream as the slimeball opens its huge mouth, its fangs slicing through me as it hoovers me up.

The roar of the traffic turns to the booming of surf and I open my eyes and blink in the bright morning light. Everything's blurry, I can't focus. I'm bathed in sweat and panting like a dog. I close my eyes again and breathe deeply, happy to be curled up snugly on my sofa, free from my nightmare.
I open my eyes again but still can't see properly, just a line of golden sand with shimmering sea blue on one side and tree green on the other. There's a yellow blob on the beach. I rub my eyes and struggle to focus but they won't work. My world stays blurry and the yellow blob, a mystery.
My body is on fire. The foul, burnt electronics smell of singed hair hangs about me. Remembering what happened, I reach up and feel my head. There's just rough stubble; my hair has gone. 
Scruff is gone too. I'll miss him, stupid dog. And Castor, shot down in flames by the Baron.

What's happened here on Camillo is worse than my nightmare.
I spose I'm lucky to be alive. I don't feel it; dead doesn't seem like a bad option at the moment. 
Remembering what happened makes me shudder. The slimeball chased me into the lettuce patch, sunk its fangs in and was gobbling me up when Zeus zapped it. I hate slimeballs, hate them with a passion, they're the most horrible disgusting creatures in the universe. 
Being hit by Zeus's thunderbolt doesn't agree with me either, everything hurts. Even my teeth hurt. It feels like there's a dagger in my side. I reach down. Yes, there's definitely something sticking out. I can't see; my eyes still don't work. I give it a wriggle. Sharp pain bounces around my body. I pass out.
When I open my eyes again they work better, my world is still fuzzy, but not as blurry as it was. I stare at the yellow blob on the beach trying to make out what it is.
A head with four spikes sticking up like a crown, comes between me and the yellow thing. ‘Emily would you like a cup of tea?' asks Zeus.
'I'd kill for a cup of tea. Does it come with an Afghan?'
'Of course, Earl Grey or Lapsang Suchong?' he asks.
'Nothing fancy,' I say. 'Gumboot tea, sweet and white, like me, with an Afghan.'
'You don't look sweet or white,' says Zeus.
'Oh, and by the way,' I say. 'Thanks for saving me.'
'It was close,' says Zeus. 'He almost got the lettuces!'
I swipe at him but it sends such a wave of pain through me that I pass out again.

When I come to, I have a sip of my luke warm tea. There's lots of sugar in it. He must figure I need sweetening.
'Are you going to leave that thing sticking out?' asks Zeus.
'What thing?' I ask.
Seeming not to hear, Zeus continues, 'You teroids are always sticking things in your bodies, dangly things in your ears, bits of metal through your tummy buttons and nipples and rings and pins and studs, who knows where else.'
It sounds painful. It is painful, whatever it is.
'Do you want to keep it?' asks Zeus.
'Keep what?' I demand grumpily.
'The slimeball fang stuck in your side. Do you want to leave it there for decoration?'
I scream.
'That's a no then,' says Zeus, and grabs the fang and pulls.
I scream again, knocking over my cup of tea as I struggle to get away.
'Stop, stop, leave it alone,' I shout, stomping my foot painfully.
'So you want to keep it then?'
'No!'
He goes back into the house leaving me in my painful, blurry world, listening to the sound of the surf.
Eventually his footsteps return and he puts a warm cup of tea in my hand. I sip silently on it and munch on the Afghan, saving the walnut for last. It's the best bit, but it hurts my teeth to bite it.
Once I've finished my tea, Zeus says, 'Right, let's pull it out,' and grabs the fang.
I hit him and he disappears.

I regret hitting him. The fang stays in, my world remains blurry, and I get sick. I lie on the sofa, listening to the surf, having nightmares about slimeballs and trying to focus on the yellow blob that's appeared on my beach. Negrita curls up beside me. She snarls and scratches when I go to stoke her. Remembering Enzo, I reach into my pocket. He's still there, safe in his cage. I give him a squeeze, reassured by his presence.

'Is Castor dead?' I ask Pollux.
'He darn well deserves to be!' answers a hard, unfamiliar voice.
''Who are you?' I demand.
'Renard,' answers the slug, 'I'm Castor's replacement.'
'So he's dead?' 
'No, but he will be soon, when the sun dries him out.'
That's it; the yellow on the beach is Castor. I click my fingers and I'm lying on the beach beside him. His skin is dry and cold to touch. I call to him but there's no answer. I click my fingers, the biggest click I can muster.
Bing!
I'm back on the sofa and, by the looks of the yellow filling one of the windows and the door; he's in the living room. I struggle painfully to my feet and feel around until I find the hose, turn it on and squirt it at the yellow blur.
'Thanks Em, you're a star,' says Pollux, the other sentry slug.
'You should have left him to die,' snarls Renard, reproachfully.
I don't like this new sentry slug.

I must get the fang out; it's poisoning me. Without thinking, I grab it and pull. The pain makes me throw up but out it pops. I throw it as hard as I can and hear a plop as it splashes in the sea. Blood and stuff flows out, lots of it.
'Do something, quick!' says Pollux, sounding a bit worried.
I grab the nearest thing, Negrita and push her against the hole. She snarls and breathes fire then struggles and twists out of my grip and is gone.
I feel jiggling in my pocket. I reach in and flick open Enzo's cage. He wriggles his way out and pushes against the wound. I cup my hand over him to hide him; I don't want that Renard to see him, I don't trust him. 
'Careful,' cautions Pollux quietly. He doesn't like Renard neither.

Enzo's touch is cool and squishy, like someone's holding an ice cream against the wound. I can feel all the badness being sucked out. My body goes all light and wobbly and I drift away.


 


2

Slimeballs haunt my dreams. I relive the slimeball chasing me across the paddock, seeing him suck up the panicked sheep and Scruff. In my dream I can hear Scruff yapping and sheep's bells clanging inside it as it pursues me through the sugar cane. Then it's upon me and swallows me up. I expect to be crushed but find myself floating in space with Scruff and the sheep. Scruff barks and yaps and the sheep baa to each other. We gradually drift apart until they're lost from sight and there's just space with the occasional distant clanging of bells. Weird.

'Shame, shame, the shame of it. I'd rather be dead,' says a familiar voice.
I wake up slowly. Someone's bandaged my side and covered me with a blanket. Negrita must have forgiven me cos she's curled up at my feet, snarling softly.
'Shame, oh shame,' continues the voice.
I look around to see Castor's face filling the window. It's so good to see him alive. I can see, I can see again! 
'I saw your yellow bits,' I tease.
'Shame, shame, shame, shot down by the Baron. There hasn't been a sentry moon shot down for centuries.'

'You're useless,' says Renard.
What a horrible thing to say. I click my fingers and am up in his cockpit. He has mean slanty green eyes that are blood shot around the edges. His face is covered with scars.
I slap him. 'Shut up!' I yell before he has a chance to say anything. 'If you can't say something nice, don't say anything at all.'
He sniggers at me. I punch him in the face and teleport back to my sofa.

'Shame, shame, shame,' mumbles Castor.
'Get over it,' I say, and getting up painfully from the sofa, go across to the window and give him a kiss.
He blushes and brightens up.
'I saw your yellow bits,' I tease again. His face drops.
'Shame, shame.'
'Oh, do stop that. I didn't really see them, everything was all blurry.' I give him another kiss.
'You know us slugs are touchy about our yellow bits,' he says, a hint of humour returning to his round face.

Two blue blobs are coming along the beach. Big round blue blobs with legs and arms, running around, kicking a football. 
'What are you doing?' I ask, when they reach me.
'Come on, come on,' they say together. 'What are we?'
'Slimeballs!' I push them over and send them rolling down the lawn to the beach.


'We've been looking after you,' says Azziz, once they've extracted themselves from their slimeball suits.
'Thanks,' I say, giving them each a big hug. 'I can't remember anything. Has it been long?'
'Weeks.'
I reach up and feel my head. The scabbing has gone and there's short hair, soft like a cat's fur.
'Let's have a look at our patient then,' says Jesus.
I shiver in the cool air as he lifts my top up. He gently unwinds the blood-stained bandage which goes around me about twenty times. The wound has scabbed over and looks healthy. Jesus rubs some ointment on it and bandages me up again.

'What about Castor?' I ask.
'We hose him down each day and feed him lots of lettuces. We've piled up lots of sugar cane around him. It helps keep the damp in and protects his modesty. Heaven forbid if someone saw his yellow bits! Apart from his dented pride, he's fine now. Just needs a new moon. They're custom made so it takes a while.'
'The sooner, the better,' I say, rolling my eyes skyward towards Renard.
'I know what you mean,' says Jesus, giving me a wink. 'We're hurrying them on as much as we can.'
Pachum, pachum.
Lasers arc across the sky. Blue burning slime crashes down on top of us. 
Whoomph! 
A slimeball lands in the sugar cane a hundred yards away and charges towards us. I try to open the door but it's blocked by Castor's bulk.
'Run, run,' yells Azziz, grabbing my hand. We run around the side and in through the back door just as the slimeball slams into my cottage with a mighty thud that sends plaster raining down on us.
Its face presses against the window and the cottage shakes as it tries to force its way in. 
Pachow!
The slimeball is zapped.
'Sorry for the delay,' says Pollux. 'It took me a while to get around to this side.'
'Canon malfunction,' says Renard laughing. 'It just slipped through.'
I click my fingers and are back up in Renard's moon. Looking him in the eye, I snarl at him, 'You let that through on purpose,' and hit him as hard as I can.

When I get back down, Jesus and Azziz are sitting out on my front lawn munching on charred bits of slimeball. They offer me some. 'You really must try it,' says Azziz. 'It's one of those things where you need to acquire the taste, like olives and anchovies.'
'Laser grilled slime on a bed of lettuce leaves, it simply the best,' says Castor.
I pick up a lump of slime and throw it at him.

Maybe I shouldn't have hit Renard. He has his sweet revenge, letting slimeball after slimeball slip through his defences and get to ground on my asteroid. 
I don't like slimeballs. First one nearly ate me and now a dodgy sentry slug is letting them rain down on my asteroid. Azziz and Jesus come to stay with me. As always, it's nice to have their company and they delight in the action when slimeballs get to ground. After a nasty incident where three slimeballs attack the house together, they set up a photon canon by the empty window and we take turns at blasting them when they attack. 

'It's all my fault,' says Castor from under his sugar cane hut. 'I'm so sorry.'
'Oh Castor, it's not. You can't get things right all of the time. Look at us people, we only get things right once in a while, if we're lucky.' 
'That's what we all like so much about you teroids. You bumble along through life and make amazing things happen. You're not scared to make mistakes.' 
I walk around to the front of the house and give him a big kiss on the cheek.

Pollux does his best to stop the slimeballs getting through the defences but it takes time for his moon to orbit round to my side. He apologies profusely for Renard, 'I've never seen anything like it, he's almost as bad as the slimeballs. He should be disconnected.'
'Disconnected?' I ask.
'Yes! Disconnected from the slug Internet. It's eons since we last had a rouge slug.'
'No one's disconnecting me!' shouts Renard. 
When he's next overhead, he lets another slimeball through.
I grab the canon, pick off the slimeball before it hits the ground then fire a couple of shots at his moon. Much to my surprise there's an explosion. Yes, got him!
'You'll live to regret doing that,' he snarls, as his moon disappears over the horizon trailing black smoke.
'He deserved that,' says Castor, then adds, 'It might well be the last we see of him. I've just heard that my moon's ready. Thanks for everything.'

He disappears and a few moments later a gleaming new sentry moon appears overhead.
I'm itching to go and visit but hold back because I'm sure he needs time to get familiar with his new moon. After a minute and a half, I can't wait any longer and with a click of my fingers, I'm up there.

'You took your time,' says Castor, as I look around his cockpit. 'It's an SM6. The SM5 had new weapons systems; this one has better ergonomics and thermal shielding.'
'Ergonomics!' I say. 'How can you put ergonomic and slug in the same sentence?'
'It's so comfy,' he says, giving a little involuntary shiver that shakes the whole moon. 'In the old Mark III, I just sort of squidged in. The old ones came in two halves like a seashell, you slithered in and it closed up. This one's based on a snail shell, my yellow bits fit perfectly inside the spiral. I guess snails have been onto it for a long time. You never hear them complain about cramps or going dry.'
Looking down at Camillo, I can see lines mown through the forests and prairie by the slimeballs. 'What a mess,' I say, shaking my head.
'It'll grow back.'
Remembering my horse, I ask, 'Is Trigger okay?'
'He's fine, he might be a little long in the tooth but he can still outrun a slimeball. There he is.' Castor zooms in on Jesus's vege patch where Trigger is munching his way through the Brussel sprouts.
I never did like sprouts.
'If he goes near the lettuces I'll fire a laser at him,' says Castor, his eyes dancing with humour. He is happy with his new moon.
'I must be going,' I say, and give him a peck on the cheek.
'Don't forget to plant plenty of lettuces when you get back in your garden.'
'I'll wait to the end of the month, until it's a bit warmer,' I reply.
'Don't forget the glass house.'
'All right then, tomorrow!'


 


3

It's nice to be back in my garden, I work away, enjoying the winter sunshine. Castor clears the rotting remnants of the slimeball with a quasar torpedo, splattering it around the garden. The zinodes work on replacing the fence with a high, reinforced concrete, slimeball proof wall. I think it's more to protect the slug's lettuces, than to protect me. At first it looks a little ugly but now they've covered it with stonework, it looks much better. When the bougainvillea they've planted covers it up, it'll look great.
I plant an apple tree, a Peasgood Nonsuch, up against the back wall in memory of Scruff. He was so valiant taking on the slimeball. I collect up all the sheep bones I can find and bury them around its roots. They might just come in handy in his doggy afterlife.

That night, I dream of gardening. I'm planting out the garden and the seeds grow like straight away, really quickly and keep growing and growing. At first I'm a little kid in a magic garden and skip around popping open giant pea pods and picking strawberries the size of watermelons, then the veges grow up blocking out the sun and I feel like an ant in the Amazon rain forest. A slimeball appears out of nowhere. I run but are trapped by the high walls and the slimeball chases me around devouring everything until there's just me and him, like in a Roman arena. I pull off my red jersey and use it like a matador's cape sidestepping nimbly out of his way as he charges. Ole! The crowd roars and whistles, throwing flowers at my feet.
Trumpets sound as the slimeball prepares for its next charge, then the crowd turns nasty. The music changes to a nightmare throb and the crowd chant, 'Get her, get her, get her.' 
The slimeball charges. I run but he has me cornered. There's no way out. He opens his mouth wide and sinks his fangs into me.

In the morning, I'm all jittery and freaked out. I don't want to get up; I don't want to go out. I hide under my covers and cry. I just want to be somewhere safe where there's no slimeballs. I might go back to Sheffield and live with Mum and Dad. It'll be a bit of a shock for them at first, but once they get their heads around it, I'm sure they'll be happy to have me back. I'd be safe there, and we could watch daft game shows on tele and have roast lamb with Yorkshire puds on Sundays.
There's a soft knock at my door. I stay hidden under my covers. The knocking gets a bit louder. 'Hello, is there anyone in?' calls a familiar voice, with a heavy German accent.
'Wait a minute,' I call back. 'Have a seat on the sofa while I get dressed.'
I jump up and throw some wood on the stove and put the kettle on, then have a shower, pull my clothes on and go out to see my visitor.
He's sitting on the sofa gently stroking Negrita. No one strokes Negrita. When he sees me coming he puts her gently on the ground and she rubs up against his leg. Not even a hiss or a snarl!
'Emily, lovely to see you,' he says giving me a big hug.
'Freud, so nice to see you too.' I say. It is, he's just one of those people.
'Do call me Sigmund!' says Freud, then looks me up and down. 'Zeus said that you're going through a bit of a rough patch. You beautiful blond hair, it's gone. Have you turned Gothic?'
'Oh, my hair. Yes, I’ve gone Gothic; maybe I should dye it black and get a few studs. I haven't had time to have a teenage crisis, not yet. I had an accident.'
The kettle whistles impatiently. I make us a cup of tea and some toast and go and sit with Freud.
He compliments me on my lovely asteroid and we chat about Juno, then I tell him about the slimeballs.
'You really are a survivor,' he says. 'The slimeballs are a psychological weapon. Yes, they do gobble things up but their main purpose is to unsettle us, to freak us out.'
'They certainly do that!'
'Yes, that means the Titans are winning. Do you want them to beat us?'
'No.'
'So, we need to get you strong. We're going to put Emily back in charge and stop those nightmares.'
'How do we do that? I pee myself just thinking about them.'
'Do they chase you?'
'They do.'
'Have you ever had dreams about other things chasing you?'
'Yes, there's always things chasing me.'
'Tell me about it.'
I tell him about Sheryl and Charlene, the bullies at school, about the hippo, Gamel, Abdullah the bear and all about the slimeballs.
'Because you're such a lovely person, the bullies of this world like to pick on you. They want to cut you down to their level,' says Freud.
He stays all day. We walk along the beach and have hot choccies in Azziz's cafe. We watch Jesus surfing. 'He's so relaxed and at one with himself,' I say to Freud. 'I wish I could be like that.'
'You can, you will be like that. You're a girl with an incredibly strong will. You make things happen.'
'No, I just bumble along.'
'You bumble along in a very determined way.'

We skim stones and walk back along the beach. The afternoon is wearing on.
I have so much to say. I like Freud visiting. 'Would you like to stay for a few days?' 
'It'll be my pleasure,' he says.
I make up the bed in the spare room and he stays.
We walk up to the bluff and throw bits of banana for the gulls to catch. We find Trigger and gallop across the prairie and have a go at surfing at the stream mouth. The water is icy cold and we get brain-freeze. 
I feel much happier and we haven't even done any therapy.
When I say this to Freud he smiles and says, 'Life is therapy.'
He does say that I need to get over my fear of slimeballs.
'I think it's quite healthy being scared of them,' I say. 'I run away so they can't get me. It's self-preservation. Look at what happened to Scruff.'
'It is healthy to be scared but not paranoid and petrified! Can big red buses kill you? Yes. Do you treat them with a healthy respect? Yes. Do you have nightmares about them chasing you. I hope not.'
'So what do we do?' I ask.
We master slimeballs. We get you out there shooting them down, we fry them up as an aperitif and we go and find that fang.'
'What are we going to do with the fang?'
'Keep it in your pocket and use it as a worry ball, open tin cans with it and use it's secret powers to murder the evil Hades when he attacks.'
Twiddling with Enzo in my pocket, I almost say that I already have a worry ball but think better of it; somethings are best kept secret.
'Might it not have secret powers of evil?'
'It might but I'm sure your secret powers of good are stronger!' 
So we go looking for the fang. I threw it in the sea in front of my cottage but that was weeks ago. We launch Olive and peer over the side using empty jam jars. 
After an hour of fruitless searching, Pollux says, 'Do you give up?'
'Are we warm?' I ask.
'No, miles away.'
'Okay, we give up.'
He fires a laser, way down the other end of the beach. We stroll along then dig in the blackened sand until we find the fang.
I don't want to touch it at first. When I do, I imagine that it's sucking all the good out of me. 'I'm going to turn into an evil witch and it’ll be all your fault,' I say to Freud.
'When you do, can I ride on your broomstick?' answers Freud. 
'Only if you come and visit my witch's lair,' I answer, hitting him, then add, 'Negrita will make a great witch's cat.' 
I stick the fang under my belt like a dagger, and there it stays. I get quite attached to it; I twiddle with it, I use it for weeding in the garden and for killing fish, and when my hair grows long again, I pile it up in a bun on top of my head and use the fang to hold it in place.

Freud cooks up slimeball. It's like toasted marshmallows, just a bit meatier and not so sweet. Everyone else up here seems to adore it but it just doesn't do it for me. It has the same appeal as eating slugs.
After a week Freud heads back to Juno. It's been nice having him stay and the slimeballs aren't as scary as they were a week ago.

My nightmares go and are replaced by dreams of ponies, unicorns and princesses. It's all a bit too nice, too mushy. I get suspicious because it's just not me. I'm just not into all that sickly, gooey stuff. It makes me want to throw up.
'Who's messing with my dreams?' I demand.
'It's me,' says Castor guiltily.
'Really Castor; unicorns and princesses. What sort of girl do you think I am? Stop messing with my dreams!'

Zeus arrives with some scones. They're a bit chewy and the chocolate chips look a lot like weevils. 'I baked them myself,' he says proudly. 
I have mine with lashings of butter and jam, spit out the weevils when he's not looking, then wash it down with lots of milky tea.
'Thanks for sending Freud,' I say. 'I'm sleeping much better now.'
'My pleasure,' he says. 'I'm here to take you on patrol.'
'Patrol?'
'Yes, patrol. We're going up in fighters.'

Zeus takes my hand and clicks his fingers. We arrive in a hanger fill of little space ships. Some are obviously fighters, festooned with canons and missiles and parked in neat lines, others are simply clear bubbles and cubes with nothing but a bean bag inside. I've been here before; we’re on Psyche, the factory moon. There's lots of activity with zinodes repairing damaged ships and loading missiles and ammunition. I have to cover my ears as fighters taxi out through the massive outer doors and shoot off into space.
Stopping beside a fighter, Zeus says, 'Climb on in.'
'But don't we do training first. On Earth, only the best of the best get to fly fighters and go through years of intensive training before they get airborne.'
'Not here,' replies Zeus. 'I'll give you a leg up.'
I find myself sitting in a snug cockpit. It's designed for Anodes so is a perfect fit for me, as long as I don't grow too much more. Much to my surprise there's no controls, just a blank screen, a stereo system and a coffee machine. 
Pishit. 
The clear cockpit cover slides into place.
'How would you like you coffee?' asks the coffee machine politely.
'No thanks,' I say, 'I've just had a tea.'
'Well don't hesitate to ask if you need something.'

I turn to Zeus, who has climbed up and is pushing his face against the window.
'How do I fly it,' I ask. 'There's no controls.'
'It makes life a lot easier. You think, it flies.'

Suddenly the fighter lurches forward a couple of meters, knocking Zeus over.
'Great,' he says, picking himself back up. 'You've got it.'
He climbs into the next fighter and off we go. I'm a little jerky at first and knock over a pile of missiles and clip the tail of another fighter while I'm taxiing but get the hang of it in no time.
'What weapons do we have?' I ask.
'Don't worry about that,' says Zeus.
'But if we see a slimeball, how do I fire my canons?'
'You don't like slimeballs?'
'No not at all,' I reply.
'Good, well neither does the fighter. It's an extension of you. It goes where you want it to go, it attacks things you don't like.'
'Cool!'

We fly off into space, leaving Psyche far behind.
The stereo, which has been playing inane alien elevator music, suddenly puts on the Star Wars theme tune.
'Star Wars, that's a bit tacky, isn't it?'
'It's trying to figure you out, give it a few minutes,' says Zeus.
He's flying along parallel to me, just far enough away that I won't hit him when I do something daft.
'Where are we going?' I ask.
'Here,' says Zeus stopping suddenly.
I back up a hundred klicks until I'm upside-down above him. My stereo starts playing some classical music. It's bright and cheerful like a spring day and relaxing at the same time. I would never of picked it myself but it's just perfect. I wonder if they'll notice if the stereo goes missing.
'Why here?'
'Because-,' 
The music suddenly changes to loud rock & roll and my fighter lurches to the left, firing its lasers into the darkness. There's an explosion and bits of flaming slimeball spin past, bouncing off the fighter. Slimeballs appear on all sides, travelling so quick that they're just blue blurs. My fighter sets off in pursuit of one, getting right up behind it before letting loose a photon torpedo, then loops back and blasts another one. There's too many for us to pick them all off.
'They're getting away!' I shout.
'Don't worry,' says Zeus. 'We're just the first line of defence.'

We mosey on back to where we started, and stop.
'As I started to say before, we're waiting here because it's the e-zone, the entry zone for incoming slimeballs aimed at our sector of the Asteroid Belt.
'Why do these fighters even need a pilot?' I ask. 'I'm not doing anything. I'm hardly the best of the best, caressing the controls to make it loop de loop.'
'That stuff is best left to machines. The fighter needs your passion and emotions. They get to know you after a while. It can be quite upsetting when a fighter refuses to fly for you.'
'Has it happened to you?'
'Well yes, once or twice,' Zeus admits, reluctantly. 'They'll like you, I know they will.'

The beat of the music slows down and becomes Buddha-bar. The fighter must sense that I need a bit of Zen. I nod off, then jerk awake to the rousing sound of what Zeus tells me is Tchaikovsky's 1812 Overture. My stomach feels like it's being pushed out my behind and my eyeballs head for my ears as the fighter does it's best to turn me inside out.

My fighter starts firing its lasers even before Daisy's little asteroid, Panacea, comes into sight. We swoop down and atomise a slimeball that's on the football pitch heading for the crowd. Zeus, riding on my wingtip, picks off another then we set up station above the asteroid and pick off incoming slimeballs.
'It's that Renard again,' says Zeus. 'He's standing in while Aeolia, Panacea's normal sentry slug, is getting her moon upgraded. He's shirking round the back claiming he's got winkles.'
My fighter shoots off to get him, but Zeus calls me back, 'Control yourself girl. Stay on station and protect the footballers.'
The game resumes down below and I watch the two local teams playing their weekly match. Brazil versus Dead Footballers, makes great viewing. I wish I could be down there cheering for Brazil from the side-line. They've been beaten four matches in a row. Zeus says that they're on top form but with a spate of dead football stars in recent months the opposition has got stronger.
After the match, Renard reappears.
'All in order now, you can go,' 
No word of thanks or anything.
Pratt!

Back out at the e-zone things are quiet. We're half way through our third game of virtual backgammon when...
Splat!
My fighter takes a massive blow and everything turns blue.
'Ha, ha, ha,' chortles Zeus. 'You got splattered! We'll return to base and get you cleaned up.'
Once we’re back on Psyche and my fighter is in the cleaning bay, Zeus explains, 'The slimeball materialised right where you were. You either need to shout the clean-up team a round of beers or sing them a song. It's tradition.'
I sing them a song. They beg for mercy half way through and then pass the hat around and pay me to stop. I thought my singing was okay but they suggest that I spend the money on lessons. The cheek of it! 
Zeus says he knows just the person, one of Azziz's girlfriends, Janice someone. I've never heard of her. She's probably from the fourteenth century.


 


4

The early morning sun slices through the dust and smoke and paints a golden rectangle on the opposite wall. As the sun rises I watch the rectangle slowly move down and make its way across the floor. As it passes the door it lights up a letter. I jump out of bed and grab it, then snuggle back under my duvet and inspect it. It's simply addressed to 'Emily'. Tearing it open, I find a note, Azziz's cafe tee time toddy.
No prizes for spelling, it must be written by Azziz.

I wonder what's going on. I haven't been out for weeks, it's that quiet time of the year at the tail end of winter when the whole world seems is slumbering, waiting for spring to awaken it from hibernation. Maybe they're having a party and need a barmaid or a waitress.
I can't decide what to wear, my clothes are either too small or look too girly. I've grown so much in the last year that clothes either don't fit or I don't like them anymore. I'm a whole lot taller and I've got boobs.

The surf's up and waves wash right to the top of the beach. At first I run ahead of the waves to try and stay dry, but after a sneaky one catches me out, I splash along and arrive at the cafe half soaked.
Jesus makes me a hot choccy and I sit in front of the fire, my clothes steaming as they dry out.
It's busy in the cafe, the tables and sofas have been arranged on both sides and zinode carpenters are just putting the finishing touches to a raised boardwalk that runs down the middle from the stage. Loud speakers whistle and hum, as a sound engineer and his assistants set up their equipment, run wires and connect things up. Elegant girl anodes are arranging masses of ferns and orchids that make the stage look jungly. Little hummingbirds flit from flower to flower, giving an occasional twitter. I throw a jug of water at Negrita when she jumps up and catches one. That'll teach her.
Once I've warmed up, I ask, 'Azziz, can I help?'
'Yes, you can help me put this up,' he says, unrolling a long banner. 'Grab that end.'
We hang the banner up behind the stage and adjust it to get it straight. Once it's up, we stand back to admire our handiwork.
1st Annual Camillo Fashion Parade.
A fashion show, Cool! Maybe I can get some new clothes.

As the afternoon draws to a close the guests start arriving. Jesus and Azziz's friends give me big hugs and kisses when they see me. They all want to hear about the slimeball attack. I really like them. Maybe some of them will come and visit me sometime. I should invite them.
 A flying saucer lands and some human models climb out, followed by an elegant woman with a long dress and pearls, like something out of the movies. By the looks of the models, they all died of skinniness. I say hi to the models but there's nobody home. They have that same vacant look as the ones you see on tele. Maybe I'm just not cool enough for them to talk to. The woman looks me in the eye and gives a cold smile.

As the sun is setting, torches that line either side of the boardwalk are lit and, after a respectful moment's silence as the rim of the sun vanishes behind the hills, a clash of cymbals kicks the show off. 
I make myself comfy in my favourite sofa, sitting between a couple of girls I met here at Christmas a couple of years ago.
'Ladies and gentlemen, anodes, zinodes and others, welcome to the first ever intergalactic fashion show,' announces Azziz.
I haven't seen him in human form for a long time. He looks ever so handsome wearing a smart black suit and bright green tie that matches his eyes. 
'Please put your hands together for tonight's host, Coco Chanel.'
There's a long round of applause and the woman with dark hair and pearls takes the microphone. 'Bonjour aliens, ladies and gentlemen. It's my pleasure to be here this evening and I must say that I'm delighted to see that some of you are starting to wear clothes-'
She pauses while the laugher and cheering dies down.
'I must say,' she continues, 'that it is a great honour to have Jesus in the crowd.'
Jesus, who is in human form and wearing faded jeans and a designer surf shirt, shrugs his shoulders and looks slightly embarrassed.
'If I had known, I would have designed a new range of robes.
'With the help of Ossie Clark and Vidal Sassoon, we’ve put together this show, a mixture of our latest designs and current UK high street fashion. I hope you enjoy the evening. If you would like to buy any of the outfits or have us design something especially for you, please see me after the show or visit our new store on Zwingly, the coolest asteroid in the universe.
'Let the show commence!'
The lights are dimmed and music blares out over the loud speakers. A spotlight picks out the first model as she emerges from behind the ferns.
She's one of the teroid models, and wears a dress made of little daisies, like the ones that grow on my front lawn. While she could do with eating fish and chips twice a day for a month to get a bit of flesh on her bones, she does look magnificent, in a brainless zombie sort of a way. It's a skimpy little number and I can see daisies on her knickers.
She struts up to the end of the catwalk and back, walking all sort of stiff and funny, like she's got a carrot up her bum. I almost burst out laughing, but figure Coco might not appreciate it. She looks so deadly serious.
Next out are beautiful, lithe anode girls. They're modelling florals: black jumpsuits with little yellow and blue forget-me-nots; summer dresses in bright yellow with white daisies; a beautiful dress shaped like an upside-down lily, starting just above the model's boobs and opening out to flow down to the ground; an evening gown with many layers in subtle shades of deep red, like rose petals, with a hat to match; and a girl wearing a plain white bathrobe and flip-flops with fake lotus flowers on them. 
I like the flip-flops, they're so wonderfully tacky, but the next outfit is more me: a pair of bootleg faded jeans with a few strategic slits cut in them and a green T-shirt that has piffle spray painted on it. The only thing floral about it is that the model has a daisy chain hovering over her head like a halo. She could really do with some devil horns instead.

Coco comes back on stage and taking the microphone says, 'Tonight's singer needs no introduction. Ladies and Gentlemen, please give her a big hand.' 
After the applause dies down the singer says, 'Good evening. It's funny how you change with time. I used to be big onto flower power and daisy chains, now days I wouldn't be seen dead wearing them, but I'd be quite at home in this next outfit. Here's a song I usually sing with my good friends, The Rolling Stones.

The lights all go off, leaving just the stage bathed in flickering torchlight.
'She comes on like a rose and everybody knows....'
The spotlight picks out the next model emerging through the ferns.
She's all leaves. They start around her boobs, or what little ones she has, and flow down to the ground, trailing out behind her. When she gets down to my end of the catwalk, I can see that it's actually the other way around, the dress grows up from the ground with the ivy vines entwining their way up around her body with the leaves getting smaller as they go, with just the tiniest little shoots at the very top reaching up to encircle her arms. She has dark ebony skin, short spiky black hair, black nail polish, black eyes and black lipstick.
'Poison ivy,' sings the lady, and we all clap until our hands hurt. It's just so well done.
The model glides smoothly around the catwalk until the song stops then disappears back into the foliage.
I've never heard anyone sing like this before. The lady's voice is rough and raw with a cutting emotion just under the surface, like she's just holding it together but could collapse into tears and melt down into a puddle at an instant. I wonder if she eats gravel for breakfast and washes it down with whiskey.
'Thank you Janice,' says Coco, and the singer heads to the bar where Azziz pours her a glass of Southern Comfort, no ice, no mixers, no gravel!
Next out is an anode wearing a dress made of one banana leaf, with the spine of the leaf running down parallel to the model's backbone and trailing back behind like a dragon’s tail. The greenery wraps forward to cover her body, like a giant pea pod. I wonder how she sits down or goes to the toilet. Maybe she just holds on and jiggles. From here on, the clothes get more wearable but are all green. A beautiful evening dress that echoes the luminous green shades of the banana leaf, a range of short flowing dresses in shades of green, a green trouser suit that would be perfect for a leprechaun to wear to a St Patrick's Day parade, and lastly a model wearing a battered olive green jacket with sensual green lacy knickers. That's me; I like the jacket and love the knickers. I don't normally wear knickers but they would be just right for special occasions, better than the ones with the daisies.
Janice comes back on stage and sings Ball and Chain. Out struts a model wearing words and dragging a ball and chain. The words are all joined together but, with all the gaps, it's see-though. I try to read it but, with the model moving, I can't make out what it says. If I made it, the words would be a poem or a story or something. She ushers in the work wear; smart suits and ties, trouser suits, little black numbers for seducing the boss, overalls and lastly some yellow cut-off jeans and a dark blue T-shirt with little white flowers stuck on it. It hardly looks like work wear but is just perfect for me to do my housework in. It'll take the boring edge off cleaning the toilet and scrubbing the floors. 

There's a break and waiters come around with drinks and trays laden with delicious canapés, then Janice takes the stage again and sings Summertime. A Chinese model comes out wearing seaweed. It's very light and floats around her as if in the ocean currents. She has seashells dangling from her ears and a pearl necklace. She's followed by models in swimsuits. There's a bikini in the same polka dot as my old one, way back in Spain, with a matching bathrobe. It's very tempting but I decide on a simple one-piece black swimsuit. You just can't beat it.
There's so many clothes that are just me that I smell a rat. Jesus and Azziz are up to something; it’s one of their special surprises. I get all excited, wondering what'll happen.
Next up is casual wear. I pick out some comfy, relaxed looking outfits, mostly jeans and tops, and a couple of bright dresses for the summer.

After the main course, Janice staggers up onto stage. She's having some difficulty standing, but when she speaks doesn't put a word out of place, 'I know we're a couple of months late, but better late than never. Ladies and Gentlemen, please join me in wishing Emily a very happy birthday!'
Wow! With so much going on, like almost getting eaten, I'd forgotten all about it. It had slipped by unnoticed.
Following Janice's gravelly voice, the crowd sings Happy Birthday. I'm wiping tears from my eyes when the birthday cake arrives with sparklers and candles. Fourteen candles! Once the sparklers burn out, I make a wish and blow out the candles. Everyone cheers. I don't like having such a fuss made over me but it is neat. I cut the cake up. It's a chocolate cake. It's so crusty on the outside that I have trouble getting the knife through and inside there's white bits like the flour wasn't mixed in properly. It's served up with vanilla ice cream and lashings of chocolate sauce and in the flickering light from the torches looks just perfect.

Once it's all eaten and coffee has been served, Janice takes the stage again. She takes a little ball of paper out of her pocket and once she's unscrumpled it and got it the right way up, reads it and says, 'Yes, Happy Birthday Emily. Apparently Zeus himself baked the cake. He apologises for not being here in person tonight but sends his birthday wishes. Emily, the clothes you liked have been delivered to your cottage, I hear that you're due for a new wardrobe.'
I want to get up and say something to thank everyone but just sit there, smiling stupidly. It's all so neat.
'I have a little present for you myself. If you would like, I’ll give you singing lessons.'
Double cool. I smile at her and nod.
'Come and visit my house on Zwingly, you're welcome anytime.' 
Reading her scrap of paper, she looks a little surprised and takes time to read it again before continuing. 'Emily it seems that you have reached a very special time in your life, you are no longer a girl, welcome to womanhood!' 
The guests cheer and clap. 
'As is the custom in these parts when you reach maturity, that means you can make babies, you receive a special present.'
She claps her hands as Jesus and Azziz roll in a large round present about a metre across.
Womanhood, maturity, babies! 
I wonder what could be in it. I'm a little hesitant to start opening it. It might be something weird that I'm not quite ready for. 
As I fumble with the knots trying to untie the ribbon, waiters move the tables to one side and arrange some river boulders in a circle to make a little fireplace, then set flaming torches around me. The knot is too tight and too tricky, I just can't untie it. I pull the fang from my belt and cut the ribbon then tear the paper off. There's another layer underneath.
'The custom,' continues Janice, who seems to be greatly enjoying the mystery of it all, 'is that you burn each layer as it comes off. Scrumple it up, set fire to it and drop it in the fireplace.'
I scrumple up the paper, set fire to it and drop it into the circle of stones. It flames brightly, sending sparks chasing skywards. 
Layer after layer of brightly coloured wrapping paper comes off. I use my fang to cut through the string, ribbons, and scotch tape then scrumple each layer up and drop it on the brightly burning fire. 
What could be inside? It doesn't weigh much whatever it is. After about a hundred layers I have a ball the size of a football. Another twenty and I have a grapefruit. Ten more and I reach the last one. There's a small silver box inside, almost like the one I used to put my teeth in for the tooth fairy. I open it expectantly. Diamonds maybe?
Inside are some seeds, a bit of a disappointment at first, but then start wondering what they will grow into; they might be pumpkin trees or spaghetti bushes. It's been such a neat evening that I must thank everyone. I look around to get everyone's attention and putting on my biggest voice say, 'Thank you everyone, it's been such a wonderful evening. Tomorrow I'm going to burn my old clothes and plant these seeds; who knows what might come up. Thank you for coming. It's been the best birthday ever.'

'Make sure you give them plenty of space,' says Jesus. 'If you like, I can help.'
'Yes please,' I say. If anyone knows their seeds, it's Jesus. 'Don't tell me what they are though. I like a surprise.'
'I won't. I hope that one day your babies will climb in their branches.'
Everyone claps.
All this talk about babies makes me feel a little embarrassed. My body might be ready for babies but I'm not. 'I'm not having any babies just yet,' I say quietly. Everyone seems to hear.
It's almost morning by the time the party finishes. I watch the last slither of Venus disappear behind the hills as I splash my way back along the beach, firmly clasping the little box of seeds in my pocket.


 


5

I wake up to a crash of thunder and the sound of rain drumming on the windows. Negrita, who's curled up by my feet, snarls at me, blowing little sparks in my direction, then stretches and makes herself comfortable again. I'm bursting to pee but don't want to get up so turn over and snuggle deeper under my covers.
Knock, knock, knock!
Frapping on the door gets me up. Who could possibly be out in weather like this?
'Hang on a moment,' I yell, and go to bathroom before pushing boxes out the way so I can answer the door.
It's Jesus. He gives me a big hug and a kiss. It's always so nice to see him.
'We've got things to do,' he says.
'We do,' I say, looking out at the sheets of rain. 'Come on in. Let's have a cup of tea first.'
He comes in and trips over the boxes.
I laugh and help him to his feet. It's funny, but I'm the same height as him now. When he's a human he's way taller than me, like he's about six foot tall. Azziz is a bit shorter and stockier. I throw a bit of wood on the stove and give the grate a rattle to get things going then put the kettle on. I fill it right up so it takes longer to boil.
'It's perfect weather for it,' says Jesus.
'What, making babies?' I joke.
'No!' says Jesus looking deadly serious. 'Planting trees.'
'You must be joking,' I chortle, as the wind rattles the windows.
'No. They like a good wet day. Gets then germinating. It's new Venus too, the most fertile time of the month.'
We have a cup of tea and some of Zeus's crunchy scones. It's still raining outside. 'Let's open the parcels,' I say. 'I'll try everything on.'

First out is the black swimsuit. I put it on and model it in front of Jesus. He laughs because I'm all goosey with the cold and it's a bit baggy. 
'It'll be perfect by the time summer arrives,' says Jesus. 'Next.'
Next are the slashed jeans and graffiti T-shirt. As I spin a round he laughs again, 'I never knew you had a tattoo. What is it?'
'I'm not telling, it's private.'
'You might need to get your tummy button pierced and a stud in your nose to match that outfit.'
'Not just yet,' I say. 'Do you like it though?'
'Of course, you look good in anything.'
Next out are the short yellow jeans and the blue flowery T-shirt. 'Love it,' says Jesus. 'Perfect for gardening.'
The rain has eased.
I tear open another box and try the summer dresses on. 'We'll have to have a mid-summer rock and roll party so you can wear them,' says Jesus. 'Remind me when the weather has warmed up.'
I open the box with the green knickers. They are so silky to touch. I decide to try them on some other time.
I try on another pair of jeans and a surf shirt and hoody. Just right for today.
'You are looking splendiferous,' says Jesus. 'It's going to be a lucky man that gets you.'
'There's not many of them around here.' I say blushing. I wonder if he knows about the crush I had on Azziz. It's not so bad now, but I still think of him a lot.
The rain has stopped. There's still one thing I need to do before we go out. I pull out all my old clothes and pile them on the table.
Some I throw out right away. My torn belly-dancing outfit is first to go; I'd love to keep it, it's so much a part of me, but I throw it on the floor, it's from a past life. One has to move on. Now I'm tall and got curves my old jeans and T-shirts don't fit anymore, and the colours are yucky pastels. They go on the out pile.
The black Emma Peel catsuit; I hardly ever wear it, but it's an alien one that grows with you and what's more, it's laser proof. I keep it.
My bright red dress; it's lovely but it must go. I throw it out. Then I have second thoughts; I might have daughters one day. I put it on a hanger and it goes back in the wardrobe. My maroon shawl, I keep, and my big XXXL jersey will always fit, so I keep it too.

The sun breaks through the clouds throwing a ray of sunlight down onto the beach. I watch it chase across the waves until it reaches us, bathing the house in yellow warmth. 'Com'on,' I say to Jesus, stop faffing about. Let's go plant some trees.'
'Let's put the seeds on the table,' says Jesus. 'They'll blow away outside.'
I push the clothes to one side and empty the little box of seeds onto my beat up wooden table. There's some like little helicopters, some like orange pips and others no bigger than an ant. 
'Let's do this properly,' says Jesus. 'Get it wrong and you'll be shivering through the winters in the shade, or you'll wake up dead one day because a branch blew off in a storm and landed on you.'
It's hard to image that these tiny seeds can hold such power.
Jesus grabs my box of pencils and draws my cottage and the beach on the table in red. Then he draws where the sun is at midday and where it comes up and goes down in the summer and winter, drawing neat yellow curves across the table. He carefully looks at the seeds, then makes an espresso and walks around outside lining up imaginary trees. Back in at the table he places the seeds in various spots around the house and garden and along behind the beach and draws circles around them.
I say, 'Don't tell me what they are.' I think I know the ones he's putting along the top of the beach. The helicopter seeds look and smell like pine. I guess they're umbrella pines like in Spain. Pine nuts, yum, yum!
Jesus clicks his fingers and some round tree protectors appear. 'They'll protect the trees while they're young and keep the winkles out,' he says, picking one up. 'Grab a seed, any seed, and we'll get started.'
I pick up one of the pine seeds, carefully put it back in the little box and slip it into my pocket. With a click of my fingers the spade appears from the garden. How lazy! When we get to the right spot behind the beach, we clear the brush and weeds and dig a huge hole. I want to stop when it's an inch deep but Jesus is only happy when I've dug down a metre. We fill most of the hole with wheelbarrows full of compost from the garden then carefully plant the seed, crumbling the dirt up with our fingers so it's easy for it to grow. We bang in some posts and firmly attach a tree protector. When we have planted all the seeds, I send a message to Trigger that he’s not to eat them or knock them over. He agrees on condition that he gets first pick of this summer's crop of carrots. Sloshing water all over the place we carry heavy buckets down from the house and carefully water the seeds. Jesus says a few prayers. To who, I don't know, I never thought he was religious. 
'The tree gods,' he says when I ask. It seems fair enough, those little seeds will need all the help they can get if they are going to survive and grow into big trees.
Two days later Jesus and me have finished. I'm all excited to see what grows.
'Can't we just nip forward fifty years and see?' I ask Jesus.
'No!' he says. 'That takes all the fun out of it.'

I pull my old clothes out and make a little fireplace for them on the beach. I try to light them but they just smoulder and go out. A bottle of turpentine fixes that and in no time they are burning brightly.
'Haven't you forgotten something,' says Pollux.
'What?
'The desert glass.'
I jump on the fire and stomp around like a mad thing, singing the hairs off my legs. I pull out the smoking tatters of my belly-dancing outfit and, using my fang, cut the valuable piece of glass out from where it used to cover my tummy button.
Soon the fire is burning brightly again and we pile up driftwood to make a big bonfire. Azziz and Janice come along and, when the fire has burnt down, we sizzle sausages and cook up potatoes in the embers. They drink lots of wine and sing and joke. I still find the wine a bit bitter so I have a cup of hot choccy and toast up marshmallows and eat them flaming. 


 


6

I wake up worrying. There's something important I should be doing that I've forgotten about, like I've missed an appointment or something. I've been so caught up in my little world and my problems that I've forgotten about everyone else. Have I forgotten someone's birthday? I sit out in the sunshine on my sofa and wonder what it is. I poke little holes in the weathered fabric with my fingers and pull out bits of stuffing. I really need to sew some patches on before it falls completely to bits. I fiddle absentmindedly with the piece of desert glass in my pocket.
God, that's what it is, I'm God! I'm sposed to be looking after Earth. Zeus said, 'Do nothing,' but surely I should be doing something, like at least watching all of those people. I've done absolutely zilch. I hope Earth is going okay. I might get the sack if it's not!
I click my fingers and the worm appears on the front lawn.
Who first? Mum and Dad. They must be worried. Every year they go to my grave on my birthday and something just a little special happens to remind them that I'm there. This year I forgot. Oops!

Mum and Dad seem okay. I cry when I see them. Once I've pulled myself together, I watch them going about their daily life. Danny and Julie are growing up. They’ve started school and look ever so cute in their school uniforms. The little one, Toby, is now two.  He's sitting in the high chair being fed and is ever so cheeky. His face is covered with chocolate yogurt. With the worm it's just like being there. I'm there but they can't see me. Tele is on in the background. There's nothing on the news, just a political scandal. One of the MPs is dodging tax on her house rentals. No news is great news, everything is good on Earth; I've got nothing to worry about.
I sit on the stool and watch. Dad keeps looking over, like he knows that I'm there. Good.

Annie is okay but only just. Her dad has been beating her up again and abusing her. Her mum tried to help but got beat up and has a black eye and bruises on her face. I wish she would call the police or the social services. She's too scared. Maybe I should. No, God said not to intervene so I won't, not for the moment. I'll keep an eye on them.
It makes me sad seeing Annie, I could just click my fingers and have her up here but I know I shouldn't, not too often. It might upset the delicate balance of things.

It makes me sad to see Annie but seeing Zula makes me sadder. Actually to be truthful, jealous is the word. I kick Negrita and don't see her a few days. She made the mistake of being too close at the wrong moment!
Zula is married and Ijju is pregnant. I love Ijju but that doesn't stop me being jealous. She's too beautiful and too nice and she's the one lying in Zula's arms. Cow!

I keep the worm at my place; no one else seems to want to use it.
Later that week a scaffold pole falls off a building and lands on Annie's dad, killing him dead. It's very messy. I expect Annie to be delighted to be free of the nasty tyrant but surprisingly she's sad that her dad is dead. Her and her mum go into mourning. I guess Zeus was right about not getting involved. I feel better though. Don't mess with my friend, buster!

It's lonely up here; my life feels a little empty like there’s something missing. I do have company; there's the slugs, Castor and Pollux; there's Azziz and Jesus, who are just wonderful; there's Zeus, when he's not drunk or high on ozone; there's Negrita and Trigger and I always have Enzo in my pocket. I could always visit Juno or Zwingly and have some human company but wonderful as they are, I do find the superstars of the human world slightly hard work. They are all so self-assured, so perfect, so on top of things. I want some normal company, some more people on Camillo. I could bring some dead people up from Earth but I don't want to. I want to do what Ijju's doing and start a family with Zula!

Isn't fourteen a bit young? Many people these days wait until they are positively geriatric to have babies. Is that better? My body feels like it's ready. I want babies.
I pay a visit Castor.
'Castor,' I say sheepishly, 'can I have a private look on the Internet?'
'Private, no trouble. Of course I'll see, but as you know, your secrets are safe with me.' He gives me a wink then closes both eyes tight making his face crumple up.
I laugh and give him a kiss on the cheek.
I make some Internet searches: Is my body ready to have children at 14? Are teenagers ready to have children? Teenage mums.
I read all that the Internet has to say. 
The first page I open says, 'Teenage girls are not physically or physiologically mature enough,' but when I read all the posts by teenage mums, it seems that most of them very quickly do become mature enough as soon as they've had the baby. There's a lot of waffle from the Christians and the politicians, but they do make some valid points. It costs a lot of money of raise a baby in the modern world, money that young people don’t have. I don't think that's really a problem for me. Then there's education, but why not just get educated later when you know better what you want, like kids first when your bodies ready for it and education later when you've grown up and know what you want to do. Having babies late does slow down the population time bomb, but that's not something normal people think of when they are wrestling with a sexy partner, and definitely not a worry on Camillo. Not yet, anyway.
The most sensible person I can find is an author, Hilary. What she says agrees with what my body is telling me and most of the teenage mums say.
I thank Castor and sit out on my old sofa in front of my cottage. I sew patches on where the holes are. I wish now that I hadn't been so rash and had kept my old clothes for patches. I watch the clouds come and go and the waves pounding on the beach, and I watch the world through the worm.
Teenage mums are fraught, they get no sleep, they smack their babies, they leave them at granny's place and go out partying and make more babies. Lots of them don't have a steady partner and that makes then sad. It's tough being a teenage mum. 
Then I look at the thirty-something mums. They are fraught, they get no sleep, they want to throw their babies out the window. Their parents are old and usually live a zillion miles away so the mums and dads get to bring up the babies on their own with no support. All in all, the teenage mums do better and are happier, especially if the dad sticks around. They don't spend their youthful years chasing a career when they know there's something more important, more fundamental that they should be doing first.

I watch Azulay and Ijju. I hope they don't mind. They're really happy; their halos are pinky-purple and sometimes even tending towards white. Ijju's got a lovely rounded belly, which she strokes and talks to. Zula has to go on a caravan. Things are different now in the desert, there's drug lords and warlords and religious fanatics all fighting for power. If things carry on as they are the caravans will not be able to operate anymore. This might be their last desert crossing. It's lucky that Saleem bought the land for them in Algeria. 
I watch the caravan in the evenings. Zula often climbs up the dunes and watches the stars just like we used to. I wish I could be there with him. No one would notice, would they? 
He often thinks of me. When he lies down to sleep he dreams that I'm there with him in his arms, making love. He loves Ijju through and through, and misses her, but in his dreams he's with me. Most of the time anyway, sometimes he dreams of other girls, but then that's boys for you!
I start lying in my bed and dreaming of him when he's dreaming of me. It feels good! Then I click my fingers and he's in my arms. He starts a little, but I kiss him gently and he seems happy to be with me. We make love. It hurts the first time but when we do it again it feels so, so good. Afterwards I kiss him tenderly and tell him that I love him, then click my fingers and he's gone.
Over the next few weeks Zula visits me often. I only do it when he's dreaming of me. The moment anything doesn't seem right, I click my fingers and send him back to the desert. I wonder what Zula makes of it all. He blows me kisses from his camel, so my charms must be working! It's so nice having him close and I fall in love with him again, not that I ever fell out of love.
Then I think better of it. Something could go wrong. He could get stuck here and not get back to Ijju. I might steal his heart from her and they'll split up. Do I really love him? If I do, I need to let him go. I fret about it for days.
Then I click my fingers and the worm is gone. Now I can't peek in on his life anymore, not unless I watch from the sentry moon.

Weeks later, I go and visit Castor. When I arrive, he already has an image of Zula up on his screen. The caravan is in Taoudenni picking up salt. It's very different than before and there's trucks and soldiers and an air of danger. I don't want him to be there. But it's man stuff; I'll leave him to it.
Castor gives me a wink and blushes. 
I look sheepish and blush.
'I'm sorry,' he says. 'I couldn't help but watch your dreams.'
I slap him. 'You nosey so and so,' I whisper. I want to scream but everyone will hear me.
'It's what we sentry slugs do,' he says. 'You know that.'
'But it's my life, my private dreams.'
'Dreams?' he says, giving me another wink. 'Don't worry, us slugs have as much interest in watching humans making babies as you do in seeing slugs mate. That is of course with the exception of David Attenborough, who's too nosey for his own good. Us slugs have been arguing with Zeus about whether we'll let him come up here and have resorted to a disinformation campaign to keep him out. Otherwise we won't be able to enjoy a good shag for the next ten thousand years for fear he has set up hidden cameras and catch us in action, yellow on yellow.'
The slugs are funny without even trying; I do like them, even if they are nosey. 
'Anyway,' continues Castor, 'your secrets are safe with Pollux and me. Do make sure that you visit him sometimes. He gets so jealous when you do all the sneaky stuff with me.'
With a click of my fingers, I arrive in Pollux’s moon, and give him a peck on the cheek. I like him too, and what's more I need to stay on side with these sentry slugs.
A minute later I'm back on my sofa thinking about how I can get David Attenborough up here. We could have fun together trying to catch the slugs at it, yellow on yellow. I haven't even managed to see one in my lettuce patch yet so we'll have to be ever so sneaky.


 


7

Spring is in the air. The birds start their dawn chorus even before the sun comes up. They're too cheerful too darn early and I get up and slam the window shut. The compost from the slimeball has made the soil super fertile and my garden is flourishing; it’s full of tall weeds. With so much happening since Christmas I haven't spent enough time in the garden. Now it's spring, I need to get out there and get it planted. Top of the list is lettuces for the slugs followed by carrots for Trigger. I need to feed me for the next year; I’ll plant potatoes, onions and carrots, and green beans and peas and pumpkins, red peppers and tomatoes. Yummy things too, like strawberries and raspberries. There's so much to do.
I should be spending a few hours a day out there digging and weeding, composting and planting, but I’m not. There's a lot of catching up I do if I'm not going to be going hungry this year. 
Jesus and Azziz and a team of zinodes very kindly come and help and we spend a couple of days getting it dug over and planted out. 
I'm grumpy with myself for having left it for so long and are all out of sorts. I've got a splitting headache and snarl and grumble at my volunteers. I'm surprised I don't chase then away. I wouldn't put up with me if I was them. Normally they work with me, now they're all down the far end of the garden, planting potatoes and celery and staying as far away from my storm cloud as they can get.

Maybe I just need a break from Camillo. I could go to Juno and stay with Freud but Janice's offer to come to Zwingly and learn to sing is much more tempting. I put on my sexy green knickers and summer dress, pack my bag and wander along the beach to see Azziz.
'Zwingly?' I say.
'Zwingly,' answers Azziz. 'I'm not sure you are grown up enough to visit Zwingly.'
'You had a big party to celebrate my womanhood and now I'm too much of a baby to go visit Zwingly.' I snarl. I am a grumpy guts at the moment.
'Alright, alright,' says Azziz. 'But do behave, there's some very charming people there.'
I can't see that being a problem. I'm no push over. Jesus and Azziz are very charming and they are people some the time. I've resisted their charms so far. No problem at all. Well not much anyway!

Azziz holds my hand and says, 'Let's go, we'll start in the town of Mos Eisley.'
We arrive in the desert on the fringes of a town made of rundown concrete buildings and mud brick houses. The roar of space ships and fighters coming and going from the town's spaceport is deafening. The ground shakes as they pass low overhead and zoom off into space. Walking into town along the rough dirt streets, we dodge around space scooters and groups of aliens on foot. There's an atmosphere of menace hanging in the air, like when the space scooters came to Camillo. The place is familiar; I get a feeling of déjà vue, like I've been here before. 
I look at Azziz. Seeing my puzzled expression he simply says, 'Star Wars.'
That's it, the frontier town with the rough bar.
'Shall we go to Chalmun's, the spaceport cantina?' asks Azziz.
'No,' I say bluntly, 'I don't want a misadventure today, I just want out of here.'
'In a moment,' says Azziz. 'I came here so you can see that Zwingly is a tough asteroid. The misfits of the universe tend to hang out here. You need to be careful. There's some lovely people, I hang out here lots. But be careful, you can easily get your fingers burned.'
'Did they film Star Wars here?' I ask.
'It saved a fortune in production costs and casting,' says Azziz, giving me a wink. 'The biggest problem was security to protect the crew.' He offers me his hand; not a moment too soon either, I'm happy to be out of here.

We arrive on a white tropical beach. The pinkish white sand is lovely and soft between my toes. Ghost crabs scurry up and down the beach, playing tag with the gentle waves. Palm leaves rattle in the wind and, looking up, I see frigate birds hovering effortlessly high above, silhouetted against the puffy clouds. 
This is more like it.
The screech of feedback from a speaker makes me jump, then a familiar reggae beat starts up from a bright orange beach bar just along the beach. 'No woman, no cry,' blasts out from the sound system.
'Great,' says Azziz, who has changed to human form. He has a neatly trimmed growth of stubble on his chin, and wearing white trousers and an expensive aqua blue linen shirt, he looks like a millionaire playboy. 'Bob's playing, there'll be a good crowd today,' he says, and we splash along the beach still holding hands.
The beach bar is very basic with rough wooden seats and a stone floor but is bright and cheerful and oozes good vibes. All of the tables are taken, and there's people dancing on the beach.

There's a couple of burly security guards sitting in the shade, polishing their weapons. They look familiar. They are familiar! It’s Sarge and Clutch from Abdullah's seedy penthouse. I surprise them by giving them a big hug. It’s so neat to see them. They're as happy to see someone familiar as I am. I like them but do wonder what virtues they have which warranted Zeus bringing them up here. Maybe he just needed a couple of tough guys. I buy them a beer and myself a coke and we chat in Arabic. They're happy up here. It's paradise for them, just as Allah had promised. They do the same job they have always done, acting as bouncers and bodyguards but they get to do it on Zwingly; there's lots of sunshine, beautiful people and plenty of action!

A good looking guy wearing a worn leather jacket, jeans and shades comes and asks me to dance. There's something of a rebel in him. He's hot! He's a good dancer too and spins me around like a feather.
'What's your name?' he asks, when we pause to catch our breath.
'Emily,' I answer shyly.
'Emily, what a lovely name. Is it okay if I call you Em?'
'That's fine,' I stammer, feeling all hot and flushed.
'I haven't seen you before, you're new.'
'I'm just here for a singing lesson. Do you know where Janice lives?'
'Of course, she lives down the beach. I'm surprised she's not here, I'll walk you down to her place if you like.'
I would like, very much!

He whispers, 'Catch me!' in my ear and runs off down the beach.
He's fast, but I catch him and push him in the water. He picks me up and throws me in, then dives on me and we wrestle in the shallows. Before I know it we're kissing, then we're making love in the sand. Oops! But it is wonderful.
I make it to Janice's house a week later.

She has me sing, I'm leaving one a jet plane. It's wonderful watching her face; she’s tries so hard to maintain an even smile but as I hit the high notes, she cringes, pulling her neck in like a tortoise.
'Great,' she says. 'We have a little bit of work to do, but that's why you're here. I do enjoy a good challenge.'
And a challenge I am. On day two, she gives me a shot of Southern Comfort to loosen up my vocal chords. 'It does the trick for me,' she says, taking a slug from the bottle.
It's rough stuff but does loosen up my vocal chords. She has me practicing my scales and does her best to stop me yelling and screeching. My boyfriend, James, comes along sometimes and sings too. He has such a sexy voice. When we all sing together, if I don't sing too loud, we sound just great.
My moods are up and down and all over the place and my periods have stopped. I'm in a mess, a very happy mess. It's falling in love that's done it, that's what it is.

It's great hanging out with James. We go into Port Royal in the evenings and dine in restaurants with all the famous people, then go dancing. It's wonderful being a grown up and doing grown up stuff.
I see Azziz sometimes, he says he's happy cos I'm happy but he doesn't look it. Him and James have a fight. James is ever so brave and gets a couple of good punches in, but does get beat up. I hit Azziz as hard as I can and won't talk to him anymore. He's probably just jealous. James's pretty face gets a fat lip and a black eye, which makes him look like a panda.

On Sunday afternoons we have jam sessions on the beach in front of Janice's. The Stones come, Jim Morrison, Jimmy Hendrix and lots of other dead musicians. They know each other so well that they make amazing music. It flows randomly about the place while always moving forward, like a river washing us all along with it. 
I'm getting more confident now and take the microphone and sing; I even do some solo bits. It's so neat to be able to sing. Thanks Janice.
I drink rum punch and smoke the sweet cigarettes they pass around. I get happy as, then throw up everywhere and can't even look at food for two days. I stick to fizzy water after that.

I'm enjoying myself so much that I lose track of time. 
Then, disaster! We're in a gay club; it's one of James's favourite hangouts. His friends are really cool and we have good fun with them but I do find it a bit odd seeing blokes snogging blokes and girls kissing passionately. I even saw a girl with her head up inside another girl's T-shirt. I can't wait to tell Annie, she won't believe me! Anyway, this boy comes in and slaps James across the face, like girly like. Then James bursts into tears and next minute they're snogging! I'm devastated. James mumbles, 'Sorry, I had a tiff with Timmy and was just trying to get back at him.'
He doesn't love me, I've been used! What's more he left me for him. Him! For a bloke!
All he can say is sorry after I've given him my body. Bastard!
I punch him so hard he'll never forget, set fire to his apartment with his precious records and his awards from Hollywood, grab my bag and head for home.


 


8.

Jesus is waiting for me. I'm so pissed off that I hit him when he tries to give me a hug. He comes back later to find me upside down with my head stuck in the corner of the sofa sobbing. 'Pull your head in woman,' he says.
'Go away!' I scream.
He taps me on the shoulder a few minutes later and says, 'Em, drink this down. It'll make you feel better.'
His hot toddy burns its way down my throat, sending shudders through my body, but does the trick. I burst onto tears and cuddle up against Jesus. 

He's been looking after my place. The lawns are mown, the garden is weeded and dinner is cooked. It's almost too much. No wonder he's got so many followers. Azziz and Janice come round and we have dinner. It's all laughter and tears. The tears being all mine. After dinner we sing the most depressing blues and country and western songs that Janice can think of. They make me laugh. I feel like shite but it's so good to have friends.

My cottage needs redecorating. I don't like the colour. The aqua marine bathroom is okay but everything else needs changing. I want the living room to be bright yellow, my bedroom purple, the other bedroom red and the toilet green, and I want it to happen now.
Jesus, Azziz and Janice help. We have good fun. We sing and splash paint on each other and I change my mind all the time. I don't like the red bedroom so we paint it blue. The green in the toilet makes me throw up, literally, I actually throw up, so we paint it orange and Janice uses a football to make big yellow blobs all over the walls.

My body has been going through all sorts of changes the last couple of years. I like the way it is shaping up, with all the curves and dips. It seems to be having another growing spurt. When will it stop? My nipples hurt and my boobs are growing bigger. I don't want them too big, they are just fine like they are. Stop, stop, stop!
I've missed another period too.
I want to go and see Castor, but go to see Pollux instead.
He looks me up and down, looks serious for a moment, then winks and in a big loud voice that I'm sure can be heard all over the universe says, 'Congratulations Emily, you're pregnant!'
I don't know whether to jump for joy or run around screaming. I hope it's not that bastard James. If it's his, I don't want it, I want to get rid of it, right now.
There's no space in the moon so I jump up and down a few times on the spot, then gather my wits. 'Do you mind if I go and see Castor?' I ask.
'Go ahead,' says Pollux.
Bing!
I'm in Castors moon. He looks happy. I'm not, I start crying.
'Come close,' whispers Castor.
I put my ear right up against his lips and he whispers, 'It's seven weeks old.'
'Yes!' I shout and jump in the air, hitting by head on the roof. Once I've picked myself up, I give Castor a big kiss. Yes, Zula is the dad!
Seven weeks, no wonder I've been feeling weird!

I sit there looking down on Camillo and thinking about my baby. Next year it'll be down there, a new little person, running about. How neat!
'Castor, give me the rundown.' 
'Right, pregnancy,' he says, flicking up some web pages. The first one we read treats it like it's a disease that's best avoided, giving ten ways to avoid catching it, then listing the signs and symptoms to watch out for if you have caught it and methods of curing it, like killing the baby dead. Castor finds a friendlier page that mirrors my feelings. Now I know Azulay is the dad, I'm happy to be pregnant 
'Okay, here we go,' says Castor, 'Fatigue, feeling extremely tired at any time of the day or night.'
'Yes.'
'Tender breasts, slightly swollen.'
'Yes.'
'Nipples hurting.'
'A little bit.'
'Funny coloured circle around the nipple.'
I have a quick check, 'No.'
'Headaches.'
'Yes.'
'That's the hormones,' says Castor. 'They cause you guys so much trouble. Next, dizziness and fainting'
'Yes.'
'Odd smells suddenly bother you.'
'Ummm, yes.'
'Mood swings.'
'Yes!'
'Periods light or missed.'
'Yes.'
'You don't like things that you normally like, and crave things you normally don't like.'
'Yes, I had to have burnt toast this morning, lots of it.'
Castor stops reading and says, 'Large bump appearing in tummy.'
I pull up my T-shirt and we both look. I like to think that I can see the tiniest bump at the very bottom. 'Yes!' I say, delighted with myself.

Jesus and Azziz are at my cottage. Azziz has a cut on his head that is bleeding down his face. I get him to sit down and hold a rag on the cut until the bleeding's stopped, then I clean the wound and Jesus stitches him up. 
'It doesn't look like you slipped on the bath mat,' I say to Azziz. 'What happened?'
'I was just having a word with your friend James.'
'He's not my friend,' I say, stomping my foot.
'He's not mine neither,' says Azziz.
'I can see,' I say, wiping away some blood that's seeping from his wound.
'You'll be delighted to know that his friend Timmy as dumped him.'
'Good,' I say triumphantly.
'Anyway,' says Azziz, 'I've been having a word to him about supporting his baby-'
'It's not that slimeball's baby. I was pregnant before I went to Zwingly. I'm seven weeks pregnant.'
'Seven weeks!' says Azziz, adding things up in his head. 'There was only me and Jesus on Camillo -'
He doesn't finish his sentence because Jesus hits him really hard, knocking him across against the wall on the other side of the room. I've never seen Jesus mad before. His eyes get huge and round and his crown of spikes glows red.
'NO!' I shout, but they're not listening.
They are like a couple of robots fighting. They throw each other around, smashing up my cottage. I've got to stop them before they hurt each other. I grab the photon canon from my wardrobe and fire a shot between them, knocking a huge hole in the front wall.
'Stop!' I yell. 'You're not the dad, not Jesus not Azziz.' I fire another shot at the floor in front of them and they get blasted out through the hole in the wall. That worked. I hope they're okay.
Once they've picked themselves groggily off my front lawn, I march them on my sofa, still pointing my canon at them and clarify things. 'Boys, neither of you is the dad. Aren't congratulations in order? Isn't the tradition a bottle of champagne?'
Jesus looks a bit sheepish, 'Well who is the father then?'
'Not telling, it's none of your business!'
'So it's an immaculate conception,' says Jesus.
'You could say that,' I say, giving him a wink.

All is quiet for a moment, then Azziz plucks a bottle of champagne out of mid-air and Jesus produces four glasses. 
Pop!
 Azziz uncorks the bottle and fills the glasses until they overflow sending waterfalls of bubbles cascading down the sides. He clicks his fingers and Zeus appears.
He staggers around, high on ozone, and falls over. Jesus and Azziz help him to his feet, carefully place a glass of champagne in his hand, and he's gone again.
'Silly old fart,' curses Azziz under his breath.
Jesus raises his glass and says, 'I would like to propose a toast. To Em's baby.'
Clink, clink, clink!
The champagne tickles its way down my throat and makes my knees go all wobbly. It's a welcome relief after the evening's excitement.
Once the bottle is empty, Azziz asks, 'If neither of us is Dad, can we be the God parents?'
'What sort of example will you be?' I say, nodding my head towards my smashed up house.
'Sorry,' says Jesus. 'It's just because we care about you.'
'Alright then, but you must set a good example for him.' I give them a big hug. 'I've been a bit off lately, sorry about that.'

When the zinodes arrive to fix my cottage the next morning, I give them some plans. I couldn't sleep during the night so I redesigned my cottage, turning it into a house. I want lots of kids, so there's three new bedrooms. They look at the plans and change them around so they're much better. Zinodes are really good at that sort of thing. As soon as they've started work, I change my mind. I want lots of kids, but if I build lots of rooms, it'll never happen. Life's like that.
They repair the holes in my walls and build an extra bedroom out the back. Azziz and Jesus come and help and it's all done by the evening, walls up, paint dry, furniture in.
We light a bonfire on the beach and barbecue fresh fish, then the zinodes set up a screen on the front lawn and we watch Manchester United playing Liverpool.


 


9
God's not talking. 
He won't wear the immaculate conception story. 
He won't talk to Azziz or Jesus because he's sure one of them is the dad. Even if they're not, they should've been taking better care of me.
I don't see what's so bad about being pregas, it's really exciting that there's new life coming. What does it matter who the dad is anyway? As long as it's not that creep James!
If they want to fight about it, that's their problem.

We are now well into spring. It's a wonderful time to be pregnant. There's magic all around. The trees have new green leaves, there's lambs in the meadow and the pesky morning chorus has worked its charm and the bird nests are now full of fluffy chicks. Negrita is looking very plump as well. I hope she doesn't have kittens; one of her is quite enough.
Apart from burnt toast, there's other things I crave, chocolate for one and cherries. it's not quite cherry season yet, so I'll have to wait. The ones on the tree are still green. 

I've had enough of travel and the outside world for a while; I don't want to know about slimeballs or gays. I just want to do homey things, chill out and let the baby grow. I find Trigger and we go for long rides. I take him to the prairie then he takes me to all his favourite places, we push through dense forest and find a little clearing full of wild strawberries and follow a stream to a gushing waterfall. The jiggling makes me want to pee at the time, but Trigger doesn't mind stopping, it gives him a chance to grab a mouthful of fresh grass. He has explored all over Camillo, and knows it even better than the slugs.

The garden's doing well; with the slimeball compost, everything is growing like crazy. I try to spend a couple of hours gardening each morning, weeding, training the beans and bougainvillea and eating strawberries as soon as they turn red.
My trees are growing. They're an inch high. I weed and water and sing to them then threaten to turn them into firewood if they do not get a move on. 

I want to tell Mum and Dad about the baby and tease then about becoming grandparents. I wonder if they'll ever get to see him. I could go and visit. It might turn weird though. Dad will probably freak out and have a heart attack or the social services will catch me and make me go to school. Or I'll click my fingers to come back and nothing will happen and I'll be stuck in Sheffield in the rain. 
I'll just stay here.
Castor says that I need to take it easy, that I should eat well and get lots of rest. 
I go fishing off the rocks every morning and have fresh fish for breakfast then hunt around my lawn and eat any dandelion flowers that have popped up. I crave their bitter yellowness.
I'm three months pregnant now, so past the riskiest bit. I hope the baby is okay and there's nothing wrong with him. I feel really good so I'm sure he's okay. I think he's a she but I'm not too sure. I stand naked in front of the mirror and wonder about my little bump; he's going to be so much trouble. My skin has gone all perfect and smooth and almost glows with healthiness and my hair is growing like crazy. It's down to my shoulders and really thick. It's not blond blond like it was before; it's starting to get browny streaks in it. Mum has beautiful reddy-brown hair. She said she used to be blond when she was little. I hope my hair goes the same colour as hers; blond is okay for kids but looks a bit wimpy on adults. I never understood why they dye their beautiful hair streaky blond. It always looks so tacky.
I wonder what my baby will look like. I think it will look like me but it won't.  Zula has beautiful dark skin and thick black hair. Will it have his greeny-brown eyes? I hope so.

I wonder how Ijju's baby is coming on. I click my fingers and the white wormoscopic refractor appears on my front lawn. Some daisies have come up. They almost taste as good as the dandelions.
Ijju is looking good. She should be a supermodel or something. 
She is still slim but her bump is more than a just a bump, it looks like a balloon that's ready to pop. It must be due soon. Maybe I could watch. I'm not sure if I want to, childbirth is one subject I've been avoiding thinking about. How can a great big baby fit out through my little fanny, something has got to give. It's going to hurt!
Ijju and me will be related; our babies will be half-brothers. I ask the slugs to let me know when Ijju is ready to give birth.

I avoid looking at England. I will cry if I see Mum and Dad and might do something stupid, like bing them up here. I'd love to see their faces though. They'd get such a shock! They'd freak out and run around screaming. I don't want to see Annie; I'm still feeling a little guilty about her dad. Not that guilty though, if I had the chance again, a Burmese tiger would escape from the zoo and eat him. That way he’d suffer for what he's done to Annie and her mum.

It's time to relax. I need to kick back and give my baby a chance to grow, to let my energies go into growing his bones and giving him great big muscles. The trouble is that I can't find a good book to read; I've grown out of Jacqueline Wilson. I need something a bit meatier to read. I visit Pollux and we go shopping. I ask him to recommend some books. 
'You'll like The Hunger Games,' he says.
'What's it about.'
'It's about a teenage girl that kills everyone. It's very good.'
'It sounds like me, I'll get it.'
We order it and the Harry Potter series and a whole lot of other books. Pollux offers to download e-books but I want proper books with pages that I can throw at Negrita when she sharpens her claws on my bedspread, so I'll have to wait.
I sit out on the sofa enjoying the sunshine but soon get bored. Then I remember my diaries. I used to carry my diary everywhere in a secret pocket, so that it was always with me if I got abducted or blown up or something. Now that my life is a little less precarious, the diaries are tucked in the drawer on the little table next to my bed. I haven't written anything since the slimeball got me, there's a whole lot of catching up to do.
First I read through my diary from the desert, starting in Timbuktu and crossing to Khartoum. The sketches Ijju and me drew come alive again: the camel train, the sand surfing, the rock paintings and the pyramid hidden under the sand. It all seems so long ago now, like from a different life. I flick through the pages from Abdullah's seedy penthouse; I didn't like that much, and reach Camillo and my wonder of being on this special little asteroid.
The second diary is about half full. I read up to my last entry at the beginning on December then go back and tidy up some of the drawings which I made in a bit of a hurry, colouring them in carefully and trying to make the clouds and sea look realistic. Clouds are tricky. 
I bring it up to date, starting with Jesus's birthday party on Christmas Day. That was fun. The next day, Boxing Day, I nearly got killed. I go to draw a picture of the slimeball getting struck by Zeus's lightning bolt as it hoovers me up, but just thinking of it makes the scar on my side throb. Instead, I draw brave little Scruff barking at the rampaging slimeball. On the next page I sketch Castor washed up on the beach but as soon as I start colouring in his yellow bits, little lasers start kicking up the dirt around my ankles. I rub it out and draw Castor's round white face looking out through the window of my cottage. I draw Zeus in his fighter against a background of stars and write a couple of pages about my surprise 14th birthday party. The seeds, I draw life size and leave space to write what sort of trees they are, once they grow. I'd like to write something about Zula's visits but it's just too secret even to go in my diary. I draw a picture of me curled up in bed with Negrita at my feet. You can't see much of me, just some spiky short hair sticking out from under the duvet. Zula is in there with me. 
Zwingly is tricky. It was so neat having a boyfriend; we had such fun. That's why it hurt so much when it all turned to custard. If I went back in time, would I do the same again? Yes. I might even forgive him one day. I have so many good memories and it was so nice having someone to love, someone who was mine, if only for a little while. I leave the page blank; he was such a good looking guy. If I draw him now he's likely to have missing teeth and devil's horns. 
I draw me in my lacy green knickers with a little baby inside, and add some devil's horns; I've been such abysmal company these last couple of months!

'Her waters have broken,' says Castor. 'Emily, Emily, wake up. Ijju's waters have broken.'
It's two in the morning. How inconvenient! I click my fingers to start up the worm and stay where I am, snug in bed. It's late at night in Algeria as well. Ijju is sitting on the side of her bed with a shawl wrapped around her shoulders. I reach up and touch the necklace she gave me in Khartoum, twiddling with the little coins. It used to look so good against her chocolate skin. I wish she knew that I'm with her now. She has a few little contractions but nothing is really happening. Zula's mum, Nwella, comes in and lays a couple of towels on the bed and tells her to get some more sleep.
Great idea. I do the same.
Through the worm I can feel her contractions. As dawn approaches they get stronger and wake me up. Then they cut in real strong. The pain is muted through the worm but is still very real. At first she grits her teeth and just grunts a little but as they get stronger and more regular, she crumples up her face and screams against the pain. I go to make a cup of tea but have to sit down when Ijju has a contraction. I wanted to see what it'd be like but this is a bit too first hand. It's her baby, not mine. I turn off the worm and make some tea and toast and sit outside and watch the sun come up, fretting about what lies ahead.
I let the sun rise up into the sky, and a little higher still, then click my fingers and visit Pollux's moon.
He has Ijju up on high resonance radar. It still gives a good picture but is not quite so hands on as the worm. She's standing up against Nwella and is being helped by another woman. She's covered with sweat and her face is strained. She screams loudly in the contractions.
'Pant, pant, pant,' says the lady, trying to get Ijju to control her breathing.
'Com'on, com'on, you're almost there.' says Nwella.
I can see a dark lock of hair showing. Ijju screams loudly and strains, making the veins stand out on her forehead. The baby's head comes into view. The lady holds her hands gently against the baby's head, and eggs Ijju on, 'Here it comes, one more push.'
One more scream.
Whoosh!
Out it pops in a flood of blood and goop. The lady collects the red baby in her hands, quickly checks it over, and hands it to Ijju who pulls it firmly against her chest and sits down on the bed. The baby gives a little cough and a whimper.
'It's a boy!' says Pollux. 'It wasn't too bad, was it?'
Maybe I shouldn't have watched. I have to sit down. I put my head on my knees and cry.
'Wasn't that neat,' says Pollux, trying to cheer me up. 'Out it popped, a new life. Shall we watch some more?' The cockpit screens fill with images of women in different stages of childbirth, panting and screaming and begging for mercy.
It's more than I can bear. I click my fingers and are in bed, cowering under the covers.


 


10

It's scary being pregnant. There’s all sorts of things that can go wrong: the baby can die, or worst still have some serious disability. What's more there's all the nasty side effects the go with being pregnant: you pee, you cry, you throw up, you fart, you get clown feet, and you get stretch marks and saggy boobs. Scariest of all is that at some stage you have to give birth. Then there's the chance that you will die from bleeding or infection. The death rate is really high where there’s no decent medical facilities, like here. 
He hasn't kicked yet, maybe there's something wrong with him. I do hope he's okay.
'He is one hundred percent a-okay,' says Pollux. 'Do you want to know if he's a boy or a girl?'
'No, please don't tell me.'
That's a relief. The baby is okay, I only have farting, certain death and childbirth to worry about. Maybe I need a midwife.
'I'll help,' offers Jesus.
'Do you have any experience?' I ask.
'A little bit,' he answers. 'But it was a couple of thousand years ago.'
'It would be lovely to have you there,' I say, 'but I need a mid-wife; someone who knows what they're doing to guide me through it and do the right thing if there's a problem. I'm sure Dr Florence could do it.’

Summer arrives and so do my books. Azziz delivers them along with a big box of supplies: jelly beans, Marmite, Maltesers, Hula Hoops, chocolate-coated almonds and Caramello. When there's no one around, I lie out in the sun naked and read. My body turns beautiful and brown and my little bump grows a little every day. Being pregnant suits me. I like being pregnant. Best of all, I have to eat for him too. I open a packet of Maltesers and have one for me, then one for him, one for me, one for him, and in no time they're all gone!

I have big long siestas that last from lunchtime to late afternoon. By the time I get up, it's almost bedtime. One afternoon in late June I wake up with ringing in my ears. It must be one of those funny side effects of being pregnant. I go outside and it gets louder, a lot louder. Cicadas, the cicadas have finally arrived! I call out to Zeus but he doesn't answer. He hasn't talked to me since I got pregnant. He's probably sitting on Isora, stoned out of his tree.

After reading all seven Harry Potters and all three Hunger Games, I'm as brown as a button and the cherries are ripe. I climb up the old twisted tree and pick a basket full then walk up to the bluff and sit with my feet dangling over the edge eating cherries. After about a hundred I feel a funny sensation like popcorn in my tummy. Maybe I'm going to be sick. There it is again, and again, a little stronger. It's him, he's kicking. His dad needs to feel that!
That night I set up the worm and look out for Zula. He's still in the desert. He can't have seen his boy yet. He's thinking of me too. Good! Let's really give him something to think about!
I click my fingers and he's there beside me. I hold him tight. It's so nice to have him there. He gets all frisky but I don't want that just now. I do what's needed to keep him happy then curl up in his arms pushing my tummy against his. He reaches down and gently strokes the lump. I feel a little butterfly wing of a kick. I hope Zula can feel it too.
'What-' Zula starts asking.
I click my fingers before something happens to break the spell.

It would be so nice if he could be here the whole time. I'm sure he would like Camillo. If he wanted a bit of action we could go out in the fighters together and blast slimeballs. I could click my fingers and steal him away from Ijju. I'd love to but I can't. You can't do things like that to people you love.

Jesus said we'd have a rock concert. I liked the idea at the time but now I just want to laze through the summer. I don't want all those superstars hanging out on Camillo. I'd probably get seduced again. It would be nice but it would end in tears, my tears. They'd just want my body, like the thousands of groupies they've had before. I need something a little more, which they wouldn't understand or care about.
I discuss the concert with Jesus because I think he'd like to do something. He suggests inviting Bob Marley and his reggae band and Janice. We all like Janice. Jesus and Azziz will invite their friends who normally hang out at the cafe. They're really laid back and cool.
Janice arrives a few days early and comes to stay with me. We sing, we paint wonderful abstract paintings and hang them on the walls, then paint ourselves bright yellow and chill out and chat. 
We do the grisly job of killing a sheep, and on the day of the reggae concert we catch fresh fish and prepare the food. It's really simple; spit roasted lamb with potatoes and corn and fish wrapped in tin foil cooked in the embers. No messing around with salads, or puddings. The afternoon passes in a flash; well it does for me anyway. Having been up since dawn helping set things up, I have a sudden unexpected weary, and curl up on a sofa in the shade of a coconut palm, surfacing occasionally to listen to the reggae beat but not opening my eyes until the sun has slipped behind the hills and our guests have departed.

Negrita has started buzzing. She struts around the house buzzing, then opens her mouth and out flies a cicada. She toys with them until they buzz no more, then lightly roasts them and swallows them whole. She's caught so many, it's surprising that there's any left on the asteroid. As the end of August approaches and the sun starts to lose its hard edge, the few surviving cicadas run out of puff and their song falters and dies.

If I've been wearing anything all summer, it's been my lightweight summer dresses. They float about me like I'm hardly wearing anything. Now the weather's cooler, I need clothes, but nothing fits except my XXXL jumper. I wrap myself up in a sheet and walk around the house being Aphrodite, the Greek Goddess of fertility. What can I wear? I need fat people's clothes. 
'You could go to Zwingly and see Coco?' suggests Jesus.
'No,' I say abruptly, 'I'm not going to Zwingly.'
'You did get your fingers burnt, didn't you?'
'Yes, it hurt. I don't want to see James again and everyone else there will think I'm a tart.'
'Do you really think they're that interested in your life?'
'Well no, but I'm not going.'

Coco arrives with her designer friends. I make them tea and fresh melting moments and we walk up to the bluff and all sit on the very edge throwing bits of banana to the seagulls. They all have different ideas about what I should be wearing, so ask me what I would like.
'I need more than one outfit, so why don't you each of you make something,' I suggest.
Back at the cottage I model for them in my green knickers and they make sketches of me. Then they dress me up. It's so amazing to watch them work. They pick weird and wacky outfits out of thin air and sketch me wearing them. They even draw some in my diary for me. 
They measure me up and disappear, arriving back a few days later for fitting. I'm a bit of a moving target cos my bump keeps growing, but their outfits have ample space for growth. Coco has made me a flowing burgundy dress with a matching cashmere cardigan. Ozzie' creation is a bright yellow jump suit. It's made out of fine velvet, with stretchy stuff around the middle to support the baby, and has big zips and pockets all over the place. Vidal has gone for a more casual look with a pair of faded jeans that are stretchy at the waist and a loose shirt and sweatshirt. Now I'm sorted. I like the yellow jump suit most; it's so happy and bright. 
It's so neat having all these wonderful people turn up when I need something. I must do something for Zeus one day to thank him for saving me. I thank Coco and friends and they head off up the beach towards Azziz's cafe, splashing in the waves as they go.

It's autumn, the time of plenty, and there's lots to do in the garden. Jesus and a pack of zinodes arrive and we work all day picking and pulling and harvesting. The zinodes store the potatoes, onions and big orange pumpkins in a shed built into the bank behind my house. It's nice and cool in there and they'll last for ages. The rest they freeze and preserve so I'll have plenty to see me through the winter. 
I sing to my baby, I talk to him, and play music to him. When he's in a playful mood he fights back when I poke him. He plays football all night and sleeps all day. I call him Zinzan, which quickly becomes Zinny.
When the first cold snap of winter arrives, dusting the mountain with snow, Jesus and Azziz come around and chop firewood, filling up the wood shed, then piling the rest up against the wall of my living room, so it dries out quickly. 

My tummy is getting huge. I wonder if this is what it is like to be a fat person. It must be such hard work. Every movement is hard work and you can't see your knees. My tummy button, which has always been an inny becomes an outy. I push it back in but the baby pushes it out again. If I want it to stay in, I have to walk around with my finger on it.
I get a call from President Obama. While I'm worrying about innies and outies, he has bigger worries. He has an election on his hands and can't reach God.
'Sorry,' I say, 'God's not talking, can I help?'
'It'll be the same as last election; I just need a little divine intervention.'
'Get off,' I say, 
'Oh please, my ratings at the polls are down,' pleads the President.
'Why,' I ask.
'The health care reform, the war I inherited and the missile attack that killed Azziz, Son of God and that girl Emily,'
'That girl Emily, that's me!'
The President is silent for a moment, then says, 'Oops, sorry Emily!'
'I should think so!'
'I know it's a big ask but could you just do a little something to help, a major natural disaster like a hurricane strike on New York would be perfect. Sandy is forming in the Caribbean right now.'
'You're not getting any help from me. That's cheating!'
'All is fair in love and politics. I'll ask the other guys, just thought I'll try you first.'
'Well, good luck to you Mr President,' I say, and break the connection. The cheek of it!
What other guys?


 


11

When I start waddling, I try to get up courage to ask Dr Florence along. The baby may arrive early and we need to be prepared.
I'm scared to ask her to come. She probably won't approve. I'm not married and not even fifteen. Just thinking about it, I can feel her vibes. She'll probably wash my mouth out with soap and scrub me with a scrubbing brush until I'm pink all over and cleansed of my sins.
'What do you think?' I ask Castor.
'Hmmm,' he answers, obviously thinking the same as me.
'Is there anyone else?'
'Not really, there's a quack and a witch doctor on Zwingly, but Florence is your best bet.'
I'm tempted to just have the baby. It would probably be okay but I'd never forgive myself if something went wrong, like the baby lived and I died. Then it would have no mum or dad.
'I'll tell her it was an immaculate conception, she'll understand that.'
'She just might,' says Castor, 'and it's not too far from the truth.'
'Only about a mile,' I say, giving him a wink.

Jesus fetches her.
After all the worry, she's surprisingly cool about me being pregas.
'Children are a gift from God,' she says, and looking at my tummy adds, 'God is obviously smiling on you.'
It's a bit of a contrast from having Janice stay. We wash the whole house down with vinegar, eat gruel for breakfast and say prayers three times a day. I can't swear, not even a proxy or a piffle, and have to watch my Ps and Qs. How badly do I want a midwife?
Luckily my baby arrives early, he wasn't expected until after Jesus's birthday but he's dead keen to get out and start his footballing career.

The baby has stopped moving so much, he has no space to move. The only direction to go is out, and out he comes. I won't go into all the details expect to say that it's like giving birth to a glasshouse. I need a lot of stitches and have to sit on a donut shaped cushion for a couple of weeks. It's a conspiracy; they keep it secret how bad it is. No one would have any babies otherwise. It's very messy, very painful, and very noisy and I'm not doing it again! When he comes out, he's all covered with white stuff. 
I think he's dead, then he cries. It must be such a shock for him to be out in the big wide world after being cocooned in my warm, cosy insides. He's probably half sloshed after the triple whiskey Jesus gave me when I threatened him with death if he didn't give me painkillers. Zinny's lovely, his head is all distorted, sort of squished.

He doesn't have a willy. At first I think he does but it's just the umbilical cord. I was right; he’s a she! 
I'm sure she'll be a great footballer with all the practice she's had!
I put her against my breast. She searches around until she finds a nipple and latches on.
Jesus says that the natural way of doing things is to chew through the umbilical cord and eat the placenta. I leave things to Dr Florence who clamps and neatly snips the cord. 

Wow! I have a baby! That's the easy bit done, what do I do now?

Zinny doesn't have a name. I had thought of a few boys’ names but I was waiting until I saw him to make my mind up. Daisy, no; Jennifer, no; Louise, no; Caroline, yes, that will do nicely, and I will call her a Tuareg name for her middle name, Nwella after Zula's mum, perfect. Caroline Nwella Taylor.
'How do we get a birth certificate?' I ask.
'Birth certificate, why?' says Jesus.
'Everyone needs a birth certificate; it means they can get a passport.'
'It's all a load of rubbish. The only sensible reason for having a birth certificate would be if you get banged on the head and forgot who you are. If your mum wrote you name on the inside of your jumper, you'd be just fine. Teroids love control. Papers mean control, they use them to make sure you pay tax. It would be a lot easier if they just branded you or implanted a microchip when you were born.'
'But I want one.'
Jesus gives in, 'Okay, I'll make you up a nice little certificate; Caroline Nwella Taylor was born on Camillo at 11 minutes past 11 on the morning of 17th December 2012.'
'It's done,' says Castor. 'And by the way, congratulations from Pollux and me. We want to see her soon. Do come and visit.'

I wrap her in my dark red shawl to keep her warm and put her back against my boob. I'm still shaking from the effort of squishing her out. I'm going to need clothes for her. I don't want designer stuff. I want simple clothes like Mum uses for her baby. Just for the winter, when it's warm in the summer, she can run around naked. 
'We can sort that out when you come and visit,' says Castor. 
I must be thinking loudly.

'Florence, do I need to feed her?' 
'She's already feeding; the milk won't come right away but should be on tap in a day or two. Your milk is all she needs. We'll just need to make sure you eat well and stay healthy. I'll stay and help for a few days, there'll be lots of little things that need sorting out.'
'And what about her going to the toilet?'
'Good question,' says Florence. 'She'll go, there's no problem there. It's just a question of how you clean up the mess. I recommend starched cotton nappies.'
They sound a bit stiff and Victorian to me. Personally I like the idea of disposable ones but when I was in the desert I didn't see babies wearing anything at all. I'll check things out when we're up visiting the moons.

Whaa, whaa, whaa.
She wants attention. I've been too busy talking and worrying about things and not looking after her. I give her a little kiss and hold her tight. She's all covered with blood and gunge; we'll have to clean her up.
Suddenly I have another contraction and the placenta pops out. 
Yuck!
Florence inspects it closely and when she's happy it's all there, she sends Jesus out to bury it amongst my roses. I'm glad to see it go, I don't want it sitting in the fridge or cooked up with Bolognese sauce. 

I'm absolutely bushed.
I sit back against the pillow and look in wonder at my little baby.
Jesus brings me a cup of sweet, milky tea and a couple of biscuits. Just what the doctor ordered!


 


12

It's a bit of a shock being a mum. I've had quite a challenge looking after myself these last few years and now I have someone else to look after too. Her fragile life is in my clumsy hands.

It's great having Florence here. She's quite severe and a little scary but her no-nonsense approach to motherhood is just what is needed. We'll start off doing things her way. I can always change later.
I'll like to go and visit Castor and Pollux but I'd better wait until Florence has gone. She would freak if she saw me teleport, that's something for gods and aliens.

After a week, Florence says, 'Emily, I really must go, my patients need me. Take care and don't hesitate to call if you need help. If you need a governess I could ask that Poppins woman. Let me know.'
I thank her, give her a hug and say goodbye, then Jesus takes her on her way.

As soon as they go, young Caroline and me go visiting. So it doesn't look like I have any favourites, we visit Pollux first. Caroline has her father's dark skin, thick black hair and green brown eyes. To start with, she's scared of Pollux's huge round eyes but after he winks and smiles at her, she looks at him, fascinated, then hides her head on my breast. Cute or what?

Next we visit Castor. Using his radar, backed up with a bit of Internet browsing, we look at how people in different countries bring up their kids. At one extreme are the French who take the babies from their mums almost at birth and institutionalise them in crèches. At the other end of the scale are remote tribes and islanders, still living much as they always have. While a few mums and babies die during childbirth, only the strong survive and they're looked after by everyone; their mums, the extended family and neighbours. Those babies are the happiest, they're not trapped in cots, prams or car seats but are carried everywhere, getting constant warmth, love and attention.
Castor looks up babies going to the toilet. It's funny because the Americans can't use the word toilet. They happily use the f-word but using the t-word is like touching poo. They can't say toilet or pee or poo, ones or twos, it's called elimination, just like happens to England in the early rounds of the World Cup. Once we've sorted that out, there's some good web pages. If you're carrying your baby around all the time, like the third world people do, you become tuned-in enough to know when your baby wants to pee or poo. After a few months, she has much the same control as you or I do and wants to poo in her knickers as much as you do, like not at all, it's horrible. The trouble is, she can't get to the toilet so you use your noggin and take her to the toilet when she wakes up or before you go to the shops and watch for the signs in between. I might start with nappies, and then when we get in tune, eliminate them.

Things went quite well when Dr Florence was here, my milk started to flow, little Caroline had a strict routine and by getting my head down between feeds, I got enough sleep. Within a few days of her leaving I'm a jabbering wreck with my eyeballs hanging out. Caroline cries all the time and sucks my nipples raw trying to get a bit of comfort. I don't want to call Dr Florence back; I want to do this myself. Castor and Pollux offer no end of advice, all of it probably good, but I'm too frazzled to take any notice.
Christmas and the New Year slip by in a daze.
I try to remind myself why I wanted this baby. Why would anyone want to have a baby?

In the end I put her to sleep in the back bedroom and sleep out on the sofa under the stars. Even with two duvets it's chilly, but both of us get some sleep and are not so grumpy with each other. Dr Florence pays a visit to check up on us. She checks on me first then the baby, weighing and measuring her and carefully writing the figures in my diary. She says that the first baby is tricky. Child rearing is the most important skill in a woman's life and they don't teach it at school. You've got to get to know whether they need a cuddle or a bit of space, and recognise all the different cries and be able to tell the difference between them; I'm bored, I'm hungry, I want love, pick me up, put me down, I'm tired, I need to go to the toilet and, you've stuck that safety pin through my leg!
It's not as simple as that, like what say she's tired and hungry and filled her nappy and has a nasty rash that's hurting?

After a few weeks, I get the hang of it. I start to enjoy being a mum.

'Cafe con leche,' says Azziz, raising an eyebrow at the colour of my gorgeous baby
'Immaculate conception,' I say firmly.
'Piffle,' he says, giving me a wink. 

God comes to visit on my fifteenth birthday.
'Zeus,' I say, going to give him a hug. 'It's lovely to see you.'
He grunts and pushes me away.
'There's something wrong, he says.' Everything seems okay on Earth. Petra has The Book, good things are happening. There's no news, that's good news. But something's wrong, there's a storm coming. It's Hades. I can feel it.'
He looks me in the eye. Usually bright, his eyes are dull and lifeless. 
'Em, keep an eye on Earth for me.'
'I will.'
Bing!
He's gone, no happy birthday or nothing. I burst into tears. I wanted to show him my baby. I guess he's still not talking.


 


13

I start calling Caroline by her second name Nwella, it's just more her. It quickly becomes Nelly or Nel; depending on what mischief she's up to.
We get along really well for a while, then fall out. She's happy during the day but cries and cries at night. She has diarrhoea, she throws up, she has nappy rash and she's gone all spotty. She won't let me sleep. Even if I lie on the sofa outside I can still hear her. She's real distressed and I don't know what to do. The Christians and the do-gooders are right; fifteen year olds are not emotionally mature enough to have babies. I carry her around for hours trying to comfort her, then toss her out the window. 

Slurp!
Pollux is there, holding her coiled up in the tip of his bright yellow tail. She's smiling at him. Her first smile.
When he sees me he says, 'I always wanted to hold a baby.'
He's gone all gooey. I tease him, 'I can see you yellow bits!'
'Piffle!'
'Thanks for saving her.' I say, giving him a big kiss.

Jesus turns up, and a few seconds later, Azziz and Dr Florence.
She looks a bit startled to see the big yellow slug.
She's easily startled. I make her a sweet cup of tea and add a splash of whiskey. 
'Oooh, that warms the cockles,' she says, after she's had a sip.
While she's drinking it, I run out to the garden and pick a couple of lettuces from the green house. 
I wash the dirt off and give them to Pollux. While he's munching, I gently lift Nelly from his coils. She's so slippery I can hardly hold her.
Dr Florence weighs and measures Nel and inspects her all over.
'She looks good. We'll put some cream on the nappy rash. You'll get to know when she needs her nappy changing. I'm not sure about the spots, have you been feeding her anything?'
'No, only breast milk.'
'Strange'
'Too much chocolate,' whispers Castor. 'You are eating too much chocolate.'
I smile and raise my eyes to the heavens.

'It's tough on your own,' says Dr Florence. 'Most people have backup. Apart from throwing her out the window, you're doing a great job. Just call for help. A governess would be best. Mary Poppins is good, I can't recommend her enough.'
I couldn't stand all that chin-chinery stuff. 'What about Janice?' I ask.
'Janice who? asks Dr Florence.
'The singer, Janice Joplin.'
'Never heard of her, but I'm sure she'd be fine.'

Janice comes and stays. I like Janice, she's wild and wacky, and she doesn't give a monkey's about being proper or correct.
She comes over all gooey when she sees Nelly and vanishes back off to Zwingly, arriving back with a lovely Moses basket for her to live in.
Between us we get things on track again. I cut back on chocolate and get tuned into young Nel. I carry her around most of the time, in a sling at my side. It's getting a whole lot easier. Rather than WHAAAAGH! which means, I'm hungry, tied, feed up and pooed my nappy half an hour ago, I get Wha... I need to go to the toilet, or whaa...feed me, or wawa...play with me!
We get smiles and then giggles. I forgive her the flab around my middle and the sleepless nights.
Janice sings to her and I go for long walks by myself in the wind and the rain. Then Janice gets drunk, has a big argument with Azziz and stomps off back to Zwingly. I hope she comes back sometime.

Since having Nelly my boobs have got twice as big. They were just right before, well maybe they could have been a little bigger and firmer, but they were okay. Now they're huge. If I don't contain them, they're going to end up saggy, like Janice's and will be hanging down to my ankles by the time I'm as old as her. I buy some super support feeding bras when I visit Castor to chase up my order of baby clothes.

Despite being completely one hundred percent on top of things, I am a little stressed. My hair is falling out and my arm is bleeding from me scratching it.
'Zen,' says Jesus. 'Why not learn kung fu? It's spiritual without worshipping anyone. You become at one with yourself and nature.'
'It sounds good but I don't want to leave the asteroid.'
'Maybe he could come here. The master doesn't really fit in on Zwingly and would be out of place on Juno. A little hut in the mountains would be perfect. He's completely Zen.'
I could do with a bit of Zen. 'Let's meet. What about on the mountain top, sunrise tomorrow?'

I expected sunshine, but the clouds have other ideas. They're annoyed that I'm invading their space in the middle of winter. It's blowing a blizzard. 
Tat Moh walks out of the swirling snow wearing a simple orange rope and flip flops. His head is shaved apart from a small pigtail at the back. The Chinese age so well that it's hard to tell how old he is, he's probably in his sixties. Or is he Chinese, his dark eyes aren't slanty? They're alert, yet wise and warm and humorous at the same time. He bows politely. I'm not quite sure whether to bow or curtsy, so do a bit of a mixture. I want to touch him, so offer him my hand. His handshake his warm and firm with lots of positive energy. I nod to him; he smiles back then turns and vanishes into the cloud, barely leaving a trace in the fresh snow. He can stay; he's welcome on my asteroid, we'll get on well.

He turns up a few weeks later standing outside my door. I don't know how long he's been there, he hasn't knocked or anything. I open the front door to go out and are nose to nose with Tat Moh.
'Why were you wearing flip flops on the mountain top?' I ask him. 'Wouldn't bare feet be more kung fu?'
'It was bloody freezing!'
'It was, I had my boots and two pairs of socks on. Would you like to come in?'
'No.'
'Would you like to sit on the sofa?'
'No.'
'Could I get you a cup of tea?'
'No.'
'Well,' I say, running out of ideas, 'Welcome to Camillo.'
'Thank you,' he says bowing politely.

Castor gives me the scoop about kung fu. We watch videos of people crushing rocks into sand with their elbows and karate chopping bricks in half. It might come in handy when I next need to split some firewood. We watch Kung Fu Panda 2 to get an idea what it's all about.
We start our training on the top of the bluff. It's my favourite place, where I go when I need some space. It's high up above the sea and I like to think I have lofty thoughts when I'm perched there. Jesus comes too. He's been doing kung fu for years. He tells me a little about the Master. Tat Wah is an Indian Prince born in 493. That's like ages ago. He became a Buddhist monk and travelled to China where he spent nine years in a cave figuring out kung fu. He then taught the monks to defend themselves against bandits and pirates. Later he returned to be ruler of India. Now he hangs out here on Camillo. Cool.

I'm ready for a workout. I want to get a sweat up and get rid of my flabby tummy. Tat has us sitting cross-legged on the edge of the bluff thinking blank thoughts. It's tricky to relax because I've left Nelly asleep at home. The slugs said that they'll keep an eye on her but she has never been alone before; she could be abducted by aliens or anything. While Tat is hovering just above the ground I'm worrying about nappy rash and colic and wondering if she's missing me. 
The next time I bring her along and she watches from her basket. She gets bored and goes to sleep because we're doing nothing. After a week of doing nothing we move on to slow exercises. Sometimes we don't move at all. I'm sore all over, every muscle aches and complains, I never imaged that doing nothing could be so painful.
After a few weeks it all starts to make sense and fall into place. I do the exercises whenever I have a chance, like standing on one leg while I peel the potatoes or trying to clean the bathroom standing on my head. I start to Zen out a bit too.

Nel is amazingly strong. I think she's picking up kung fu as well. She hangs on to my finger so tight that I can pick her up. She doesn't fall off for ages. Pollux tells me off because she's too little for the rough and tumble stuff.

I like Tat. He teaches me kung fu and I teach him to cook magic melting moments and how to teleport. He takes up surfing, hangs out in Azziz's cafe and makes a great babysitter. He even keeps his Zen when Nelly pees on him. They make a sight together, with my little naked brown baby wrapped up in the Kung Fu Master's orange robes. I draw a picture of them and stick it on the wall.

Nelly is a time waster. I spend hours with her; holding her, cleaning her, feeding her and playing with her. She sits up and smiles and giggles and chortles at me, wanting my total, undivided attention at all times. I manage to fit the training sessions in but the chores don't get done and the mountain of laundry grows taller by the day. The slugs see that it's getting too much for me and send a team of zinodes around to help. I had good intentions of spending time up in the moons to see how other single mothers manage but when I do get a quiet moment I just want to chill, not watch baby TV.
Breast-feeding is really relaxing. She latches on and sucks away, watching me all the time with her dad's eyes. Then her eyes roll back and she's asleep. Sometimes I just hold her, not wanting to put her down. 




14

I get a sudden urge to show off my baby. She's just so cute. Without even thinking, I click my fingers and Annie is here. She's stark bollocks naked and covered with soap bubbles. The look on her face is priceless. 
'Emmmmmm!' She screams and gives me the biggest hug.
'Meet Nelly,' I say handing her the baby.
'Argh, it's a baby,' she screams, and nearly drops Nelly. 
Nelly catches her eye and smiles at her, then sucks on her boob. 'Get off, get off! Stop that!' she says, but Nelly has latched on and won't let go. Annie doesn't know quite what to say or do. Finally gathering her wits, she says, 'I want one too!'
We chat about home and school. I'm glad I'm not at school anymore; it's like something kids do. 

Azziz babysits; Annie and me go riding on Trigger. We follow the stream up to the meadow and gallop across the prairie until the long grass stretches from horizon to horizon. 
'Look out!' shouts Pollux; I've got a problem.
We've got a problem. A slimeball crashes to ground just in front of us, rolling over and over until it comes to a halt. 
'Go, go, go,' I shout, digging my heels in.
Trigger needs no encouragement. He goes like the wind. 
The slimeball is charging along behind us, cutting a broad swathe through the prairie like a giant lawn mower. He's gaining on us. Trigger is heading for some giant boulders where we can hide or squeeze into a crack. We bounce around on his back, hanging on for dear life. We're almost there but the slimeball is too close. We're not going to make it; it's going to get us.
Trigger suddenly stops and turns on the spot. Annie and me go flying and land in a tangle of arms and legs in the long grass. Jumping up, I see Trigger charge into the slimeball knocking it over. He backs up and charges again, then before the slimeball can recover; he turns and gives it a mighty kick with both hind legs, right on the chin. The slimeball flees, shooting off across the prairie with Trigger in pursuit. Trigger, you star!
'Hit the ground,' yells Castor. 'I'll be up over the horizon in 2 seconds.'
As we duck a couple of photon torpedoes whistle low over our heads and the slimeball explodes.  
Trigger limps back over to us. He has a huge gash down his side. I teleport him back with us and I get Annie to hold a pillow against the wound while I grab my sewing kit and stitch him up with a bit of string and the biggest needle I can find. Trigger stays at the house while he recovers. We feed him on carrots and lettuces, fresh from the garden and massage him all over with a scrubbing brush twice a day.

When we go to visit Pollux, he apologies, 'I'm so, so sorry, my moon is getting old. I think but it doesn't always react.'
Nelly is hungry. I'm eating like a horse but can hardly keep up with demand. 
'Cow, you are nothing but a cow. She loves you for your milk,' jokes Annie. 'Why don't you give her real food?'
Why don't I? We start her off with bits of ripe banana, then squish up what's left of our dinner and give it to her. She's getting to be so grown up.

Annie can't stay very long. Her mum thinks something terrible has happened and gets real upset. Having just lost her husband she really needs Annie back home. 


Nelly needs company. Not boring adult company, but other children.  I'm going to need more people on Camillo as my children grow up, but I'm not ready to open the gates yet, I like Camillo as it is and I want it to be all mine as long as possible. I'm already losing little bits; Jesus and Azziz have the chunk around the cafe and distillery and Tat has his space up in the mountains.
For the moment, I'll make more babies and I want Zula to be their dad. I know it's completely daft because I could grab one of those talented rock stars from Zwingly or could save the most cutest, sexiest guy on Earth when he crashes his sports car, and he could be with me here, but Zula has my heart. I give him a little something else as well, and on mid-summer's day, I find that I'm pregnant again. Am I a sucker for punishment or what?

'Ouch! Stop that. You'll be weaned!' 
Breast feeding was really relaxing but it's not at the moment. She's teething and gives me painful little nips with her sharp new teeth. Her gums swell and she groans and whinges, complaining about the pain. She can't sleep and gets cranky and short tempered. I give her a book to chew on. She eats most of it and leaves the rest of it in sticky little bits pasted all around the house.

Tat is at one with everything around him. He's the one they based the Jedi Knights in Star Wars on. Like the slugs, I'm sure he can see everything around him at all times, even in the dark.
We're at the stream mouth skimming stones and watching Jesus surfing.
'You have great energy about you. I have never seen such dark power before,' he says, furrowing his brow.
'Beware the evil Em,' I say, skimming another stone.
'No seriously, you have a great power about you. Your heart is pure but there is this huge energy.'
I suddenly click. Shall I show him?
'Can you keep a secret?'
I skim a stone then lift Enzo out of my pocket.
'Meet Enzo,' I say flicking open his cage of white antimatter rings. 
Enzo hovers just in front of Tat, who regards him with wide eyes. Then he closes his eyes and concentrates. His hand shoots out like lightning but misses; Enzo moves slightly to the left and hovers there joggling from side to side. Tat spins around and kicks out but hits nothing but air. His left hand flashes across, but misses. 
Tat opens his eyes and says, 'I've met my match.'
'Take care,' I say. 'He has a bit of trouble with his gravity sometimes.'
'Gravity?' asks Tat.
'Yes, gravity.' 
As if to prove a point, Enzo sucks in a large boulder.
'Wow!'
'You can borrow him for training if you like.'
'Cool.'

But Enzo doesn't want to go; he likes to stay in sight of me. I'm happier like that, cos I like his comforting presence. When Jesus isn't around, Enzo trains with us. Tat is delighted to have a new challenge to master and they are a trick to watch, with Enzo teasing and tempting Tat, then making surprise attacks. Tat has yet to outwit Enzo and marvels at Negrita who springs out of nowhere and wrestles Enzo to the ground.

Eventually Nelly's clothes arrive, having been sent to the wrong asteroid. I love parcels. Nelly eats the wrapping paper while I sort through the clothes. I was never one for playing with dolls but I dress up Nelly just for the fun of it. It's summer and she doesn't need clothes. If Number 2 is a girl, she can wear them.
Nelly wriggles and squirms and turns over, then she shuffles and before I know it, she's crawling. Now nothing is safe, she goes around the house on a search and destroy mission, emptying cupboards and chewing on everything. After she burns her fingers on the stove, I make a fence from a couple of huge pieces of bleached driftwood, which I teleport into place with a click of my fingers. That keeps her out. 
I love the sense of chaos that has arrived since Nelly became mobile. She’s fascinated by Negrita and pursues her around the house babbling, 'Ga, ga, ga, ga, ga, ga, ga.' After stalking her for weeks she finally catches a hold of the cagoon's bushy black tail.
I'm mopping the floor when Negrita lets out a hiss and spins around breathing fire, setting Nel's hair alight. As the flames shoot up, I scream and throw my bucket of soapy water at her. Negrita screeches and shoots out the door like a scalded cat. I just love it; it's wonderful!


 


15

It's somewhere in the small hours of the morning and I'm lying in bed worrying. Out of the window I can see stars. They're so bright that they look really close. If I had a long ladder, I could climb up and pluck them from the sky. I would bring them home and stick them on the ceiling and they could twinkle down at Nelly and me. Nel would like that.
The stars are really far, far away. That's it, that's what I'm worried about, Earth. It's far, far away and I haven't spared a thought for it in ages. God was worried about Earth. I click my fingers to fetch the worm.

Things seem good on Earth, very good. The golden era of peace, shouts out the front cover of Time magazine. I read a little of the article, Since the fall of Ariella and her regime in Europe, the world has entered an unprecedented era of peace. Even the Israelis and Palestinians are getting along, having recently torn down the barricades and formed the state of Pisrael. Analysts are at a loss to explain why former enemies around the world are now getting along. Some have even suggested it is the alignment of the stars.
Things are good; it must be the influence of The Book. I try to zoom in on the little island of Mulo in the Adriatic but The Book blocks access and there's nothing there, just a fuzzy splodge. I wish I could visit and see Petra. She lives a life that is in so many ways similar to mine. She has immense power at her fingertips yet is probably pottering in the garden weeding, or throwing stones at the seagulls or something like that.
Our destinies appear to be intertwined so I'm sure our paths will cross at some stage. I hope so. We could hang out together.

I have a peek at Ijju's baby. It's curled up in bed with her and Azulay. Her and Azulay. Negrita is lucky she's not here; I'd kick her for sure! It's no surprise that Ijju's curled up with Zula. I shouldn't be jealous, but I am anyway. That'll teach me to go spying on them in the middle of the night. I should show a bit of respect to my friends.

Time is flying; the cicadas of summer sing their lovers song then fall silent again. I thought being pregnant would be easier second time around. I'm sure I heard that it is. It was probably one of those New Age mums who just wriggle their hips and the baby pops out, 'Oh giving birth, it was a truly cosmic experience'. Well it wasn't for me and neither is being pregnant again. I'm always sweet to Nelly; well at least I try to be. It's Negrita who cops the real me. She used to rub up against my legs when I was cooking. Not anymore. After being kicked one too many times she stays clear of the mean, nasty, horrible Mama Taylor. She doesn't even sleep on my bed anymore.

My kung fu is coming along. The meditation bit is tricky with Nelly there and it may be a little while until I reach the same, hover about the place, state of Zen that Tat and Jesus enjoy, but it does help. My body and mind relax and I become a nice person. I am getting strong and agile too, and rather than just bumbling along in a daydream, I'm starting to have an awareness of what's around me. Jesus and Tat fight sometimes, bowing politely first then attacking each other in a blur of arms and legs. Tat usually wins but Jesus is extremely tough and can take a lot off punishment. 
Tat has a trick of holding Jesus's spikes in a special way that paralyses him and puts him to sleep. 'Anodes are incredibly tough and can be evil creatures,' he says, teaching me the move. 'It might just come in handy sometime.'

Nelly loves my slimeball fang. She also wants to get her hands on Enzo. She knows there's something in my pocket and tries her best to get hold of it. I usually carry her on my left side so she can't reach; she struggles and struggles then turns her attention to trying to pull the fang from my belt. She can get hold of it but hasn't yet managed to pull it free. I'm not sure I should let my nine month old baby play with a black hole or a slimeball fang. What would social services say if she went splut and disappeared into nothingness or turned into an evil tyrant who ate her own babies under the powers of the fang? She's driving me nuts though. In the end I stomp my feet and plonk her down heavily on the floor. 
'Okay, okay, okay,' I screech, flicking Enzo’s cage open and giving Nelly the fang. 'If you want them that bad, you can have them. Here you go, have the fang, play with the black hole, but don't you come crying to me if you poke yourself in the eye or get sucked in!'
She giggles at me as she sticks the fang impossibly far into her mouth, then starts prodding Enzo with it.
'Go on disappear; I've had enough of you!' I’m so crabby sometimes. I'm such a bad, bad mum.
'Enzo,' I whisper. 'Remember your gravity.'
He's happy to be out of my pocket and plays gently with Nelly, moving around slowly to keep her entertained.
Negrita comes out of nowhere and pounces, grabbing Enzo out of the air and rolling over on the floor gripping him with her claws. Nelly giggles and saying, 'Zo, zo, zo, zo,zo,' struggles to her feet and stands there wobbling. 
'You star Nelly, you stood up, you clever thing,' I say in my baby voice. 'Come to Mum.'
She wobbles a bit more, falls back down on her bottom, then crawls off at full speed after Enzo.

Over the next few weeks, Nel stands more and more, pulling herself up against the bits of driftwood in the kitchen or using my leg as a handhold. She totters there for a moment then falls over. Her head is black and blue. I've used my entire supply of arnica and are trying to get hold of some more. She's going to get brain damage. If I was a good mum, I'd get her a crash helmet. She loves me to hold her hands so she can walk around the house and garden. My patience only goes so far and I usually end up curled up on my old sofa, hiding my head in book, hoping she will find someone else to play with.
She will have someone soon, Number 2 is on the way and my little bump grows by the day.

I'm horny as. I want to have sex. I would love to get Zula up again, but I don't want to push my luck, something might go wrong. Jesus is not my type. I'd love to do it with Azziz but it would never last. My instincts say stay clear. I could go to Zwingly, with all the wild rock stars and artists but I don't know what I'd do if I saw James. I don't want to go to his asteroid, not yet. I click my fingers to get the worm and look for men on Earth. There's lots of them and I'd love to try some of them out. Some lucky ones have girlfriends who take care of their needs but most of them have to look after themselves most of the time. They seem to wank every night. Does the operating manual say, 'Equipment must be tested daily?' If they all had girlfriends there would be zillions of babies on Earth.
I'm watching one, fascinated, when Pollux whispers quietly to me, 'He's like the mad robot.'
'The mad robot?' I ask.
'Yes, the mad robot,' he says. 'He pulled himself to pieces.'
When I've stopped laughing, I say, 'Pollux, I'm having a private moment. No peeking!'
'Sorry, we slugs see everything; it's what we do. If it's private, I keep it to myself and don't broadcast it on the web.'
'I should hope not!' 

I'm lying in my bed and soon I've forgotten about slugs and are back in a world filled with gorgeous naked men. With the worm I can see, I can smell and I can hear. I'm there snuggled up beside them but I can't touch. I get all hot. I touch myself gently. It feels so good. Just one click of my fingers and I'll be there.
'Don't,' says Pollux.
He really knows how to take the heat out of the moment. 
'Mind your own business,' I snap.
'Emily, be careful. You might get pregnant.'
'I am pregnant.'
'You might catch horrible diseases.'
'He looks healthy to me.'
'He might be a psycho killer.'
'He's lovely, he's dreaming of the girl that sits opposite him on the train.'
'He's got crabs.'
'Urrrrgh, I'll keep my distance. Now go away!' 
Slugs, what can you do with them!

I relax again and soon I'm back where I was before, breathing deeply and drifting away into another world. I push the girl in his dreams aside and slip in there myself. He's a little surprised at first, then quickly takes a shine to me. Tart. I might visit him again sometime, he's cute. I'll try out some others first.

Nelly and me visit Castor and go shopping. With the days drawing in and cooler weather on the way, Nel's going to need some clothes. She's toilet trained. We got that sorted early on. She has the odd little accident, but usually it's my fault because I forget. The cleaning up is like my punishment for not paying attention. Being toilet trained, she can have clothes that fit nicely, like have a little pair of knickers and some leggings rather than the huge all in one that's needed to accommodate a full nappy.
We spend hours shopping. Using the virtual model, she tries on the clothes and jumps around in them to see how they fit. Although all she can say is, 'Zo, zo, zo,' and, 'Ma, ma, ma,' I can see pretty quickly if she likes an outfit or not. Once we’ve put the order in, I remember her birthday. It's still a little way off but I need to get her a present. What in the world would she like?
Castor and me have a look to see what one year olds are playing with. In Botswana the kids are having great fun playing with empty plastic coke bottles; in Korea they're virtual, the babies are virtual and so are the toys; in Manchester they have bright coloured plastic things with batteries in that flash and whistle and talk back to you. Some of the dolls even pee their pants. I wonder if they do number twos as well; and, in the highlands of New Guinea they're playing with their great grandfather's fibula. I should really just drink a bottle of coke and give her the empty but I can't resist buying her the obscene plastic flashy thing. She's my first baby after all, and it's her first birthday. You are only one once.

I thought Nelly was going to walk months ago but she's still not there. It's December and her birthday is almost upon us. Jesus suggests having a big party for her birthday, rather than his. 
'We can't have two parties in two weeks,' he says. 'Let's celebrate her birthday, it's special'
It is. 'Let's,' I say. It seems a good idea, then I think about it a bit more. 'Does this mean you're cancelling Christmas?'
'Yes.'
'You can't cancel Christmas.'
'It's my birthday; I can do what I like.'
'No you can't, I like Christmas. Let's have dinner at my place.'
'Let's.'
I glimpse something out of the corner of my eye. I can't believe it; she's walking!
'Look, look, look!' I say, grabbing Jesus's arm. 'She's coming to see us.'
Nelly totters over to us and hangs onto Jesus's knee. She looks ever so proud of herself. Turning to me, she says, 'Ma, ma, mama,' and staggers across to me.
She's so clever. I do feel a little sad though, I wish she could have the chance to say, 'Da, da, dada.'

I miss Dad and Mum like never before. Nelly's one today and I want to show her off. Mum would go all gooey and I could tease Dad about being a granddad. He looks the part now that I've given him lots of grey hair.

We don't tell Nelly about her birthday, we keep it top secret until after she's had her afternoon nap. I walk along the beach carrying her with Enzo and Negrita chasing around my ankles doing their best to trip me up. It's hard work, I'm six months pregnant and Nelly's getting heavy. I'm tempted to teleport but remember my kung fu training. I need to push myself; I need to suffer.
'No you don't,' says Castor. 'Stop, it's not you that's suffering; it's your baby. You need to take care of her.'
'Her?' I say.
'Ooops,' says Castor, sounding sheepish.
'That's okay; you're just trying to help. You're right; I need to take care of me, I need to look after her.' 
I'd hoped that she was a boy. I'd love to have a little Zula running about up here. Castor says she's okay and there's nothing wrong with her, that's the main thing.

There's just five of us at Azziz's cafe for Nelly's birthday, her, me, Jesus, Azziz and Janice. It's a nice surprise to see Janice; I haven't seen her in ages. She's looking really healthy, like glowing. She's got a bit of a bump too.
She smiles and says, 'It's contagious!'
I look at Azziz and give him a wink. He gives me a little nod back. It's him; he's the dad! I wonder if the baby will have special powers.

I said not to bother with presents but everyone has bought a little something. I don't want a house full of junk, but it looks like it is going to be. With a bit of help from me, Nelly tears the wrapping paper off the presents. There's a lovely little doll from Janice, a dinosaur from Azziz and crayons and paints from Jesus. Nel chews on the dinosaur and helps me to open the big box with the flashy thing. It's wonderful, like a cross between a pinball machine and a stove. It has drawers and doors and lights and buzzers and spinny things. I play with it and Nel plays in the empty box. She spends hours climbing in and out and playing peek-a-boo. The birthday cake looks so cute with just one little candle. We wash it down with hot tea while Nel smears her piece all over the flashy thing. 
After sunset, Azziz and Jesus's guests start arriving. It's great to see everyone but I feel shattered. Nel and me leave them to party and head for home and a comfy bed.

Nel loves the crayons. She chews on them, posts them into the wood basket and draws on the walls with them. I try giving her paper but she prefers the bigger canvas. I'm so proud of my little graffiti artist that I leave her to it. Just one wall in the living room, that's all she's getting. When she's having her nap, I try to clean it off. As well as being carbon neutral, non-toxic, eco-friendly and ethically and sustainability produced, the crayons are also permanent. Nothing will move them. I scrub, I brush, I wipe, I use nasty products that take the skin off my hands but nothing will move them. I slip them into the bin and hide the paints in a high cupboard for when she's much, much bigger.
Nel adores the box the flashy thing came in. She plays with it all day, she puts things in it and she sleeps in it.
Using hot soapy water, I try to remove the chocolate cake that is smeared all over the flashy thing and has cemented itself into the rollers and spinny bits. The water gets into the workings and the thing goes haywire, flashing and buzzing, counting to ten in an annoying American accent and playing Old McDonald had a farm in Chinese. I bash it and hold it upside down and shake it but it won't stop. It's driving me crazy. Using my fang, I prise open the battery compartment and knock the batteries out sending them rolling in all directions across the floor. Silence, yes.
Nelly laughs a deep rumbling belly laugh; Oh, mum you are so funny! She collects the batteries up and, after sucking on them, tries to put them in the flashy thing. No, no, no, I've had enough of it. Being the good mum I am, I stick the batteries back in and it buzzes and flashes and vibrates and counts to ten in that really annoying accent. 
'Does this man really exist?' I say, talking to the cooker. 'If he was my husband, I'd have killed him long ago.'
'Dead, he's dead,' says Pollux. 'He was murdered by his wife.'
'Good,' I say, feeling strangely satisfied.
Nelly kicks and knocks and shakes the flashy thing and bashes the battery compartment with her dinosaur, saying, 'Kill, kill, kill.' I must be more careful what I say and do in front of her.
It's driving me nanas. She plays with it, and plays with it, then plays with it some more. She has managed to get rid of the American and now there's a man reciting Hickory dickory dock in Chinese. I'm sure his wife killed him as well. Maybe Enzo can distract her. I let him out of his antimatter cage and he whizzes over to Nelly. He has a soft spot for her, I can tell. She pokes and prods the flashy thing and bashes it with her dinosaur while Enzo hovers about, vying for her attention. I nip out for just a second to put a pooey blanket in the tub to soak. When I come back, there's silence. The flashy thing has gone. Big, bright, flashy things don't just vanish into thin air, not unless there's a black hole around! I'm glad to see the back of it.

By Christmas, Nelly is seriously mobile. She disappears on me, and I run around panicking like a headless chook until I find her on the beach eating dead fish. Sometimes she is truly horrible; she does the most disgusting things. I barricade the front door with a driftwood stump, figuring that it will keep me agile having to clamber over it each time I come and go. I must admit that now I'm pregnant again, I do teleport about the place. Sometimes I make a cup of tea, then checking she's busy, click my fingers and have a precious moment of peace and quiet, all alone on the battered old sofa outside.

It's wild and stormy on Christmas Day and Jesus, Azziz and Janice arrive tousled and dripping wet at my door early in the afternoon. I throw a couple of extra logs on the fire and mix them a stiff hot toddy, and make a hot choccy for me.
I add an extra slug of whiskey and say, 'This'll warm your cockles. Happy Birthday Jesus!'
Clunk, clunk, clunk, clunk, clunk, clunk. 
We tap our mugs together and drink to Jesus's good health.  
We have a big fat roast chicken, with stuffing and Yorkshire puds and lashings of gravy. After a long siesta I bring in the Christmas cake. We sing happy birthday and Jesus makes a wish and blows out the candles.
'About bloody time,' whispers Pollux.
About time for what I wonder.

We spend the evening drinking good red wine, singing and toasting up nibbles on the fire. They stay until after the New Year. They're fun and it's nice to have a full house. Looking after Nelly is a whole lot easier with people around, she adores all the extra attention.

God is noticeable by his absence. I try calling him up to see how he is and wish him a happy New Year but there's no body home. Even the slugs don't know where he is.
I haven't seen Tat for a while either. He'll be sitting cross-legged in his shack thinking lofty thoughts. It's like he chooses to suffer so much that he feels guilty if he's enjoying himself, like it's a sin to be happy. He really should let his hair down occasionally. I'll invite him around, Nelly adores him and he can spar with Enzo.

'Am I spoiling Nelly?' I ask Castor. 'I'm always fussing over her.'
'Give her all the love and kisses and cuddles you can. That's not going to spoil her. Kids get spoilt by a lack of love and attention, not too much. Number 2 will be along soon and you won't have as much time for Nel anymore. Make the most of it while it's easy.'
Easy! What am I letting myself in for?  I'll keep giving Nel lots of kisses and cuddles. They're coming her way, like it or not!


 


16

Me, Nelly and Tat are sitting in the middle of the paddock trying to make friends with the sheep. Tat doesn't eat red meat but I love it. The sheep don't have names like Minty, Gravy, Sizzle and Chops for nothing, they don't trust me an inch. We have been here all morning, Zenning out.
'Patience Grasshopper,' says Tat. 'They'll come to us.'
They haven't moved an inch yet. They're standing in the farthest corner jingling their bells as they fidget nervously.
'Look out!' shouts Pollux suddenly.
Slimeballs appear all around us. They gobble up some sheep then circle around, toying with us like a cat moving in on its prey.
We try to run but the slimeballs block our way and start moving in towards us for the kill.
'Relax,' says Tat, calmly.
Relax! We're about to be massacred!
The slimeballs move closer, squinting at us with their mean slanty eyes, slime drooling down from their fangs.
I take a deep breath and relax.
Bam!
I'm in my fighter. We swivel to the left then back to the right firing torpedoes and lasers. The slimeballs explode, sending flaming slime flying in all directions. I click my fingers to teleport Tat and Nelly back to the safety of my house then go supersonic around Camillo mopping up the remaining slimeballs.

'Thanks Em,' says Pollux. 'I've got to get a new moon.'
Once Castor has appeared, I land the fighter on my front lawn and go inside to make a cup of tea, a strong cup of tea, with sugar and a just a little nudge of something stronger.

Castor's kids, Hither and Thither arrive. It's wonderful to see them again. They're filling in while Pollux is waiting for his new moon. He's still with us, but now he's lost confidence in his moon, it's barely operational. There's not even enough oxygen in the cockpit for me to visit. 

'We're doing this as a favour to Dad, they were going to send Renard,' says Hither.
'No, not Renard,' I say.
'Yes Renard, but Dad wouldn't let them. We're standing in to help out, but we're not ready for the solitary life in a sentry moon yet, that's why we're in fighters.'
'What would you rather to be doing?'
'Partying,' says Hither. 'We're still got some wild-oats to sow.'
It's hard to imagine a couple of hermaphrodite slugs sowing their wild oats. The mind boggles. Do they splash down in the primeval swamps on the prehistoric asteroid and hang out with Neanderthal slug?
'Where do you sow them?' I ask.
'Never you mind.'
'Will you show me your yellow bits if I show you mine,' I ask cheekily, loosening my bra strap.
'Ummmm, no,' answers Hither.
I nearly got him!
'Thank you so much for coming,' I say, and climbing onto their fighters, give each of them a big kiss.

'Have you still got that black hole?' asks Thither.
'I do,' I say, pulling Enzo out of my pocket. He's going to have to stay in his cage for a while, the less people that know about him the better.
'Have you been practicing with your white rings? asks Hither.
'White rings?' I ask.
'Remember, we gave you some white rings to practice with.'
I can't for the life of me remember. Motherhood has frazzled my brain.
'They're in the drawer by your bed, right at the back under that secret bar of Caramello,' says Castor.

When I get home I look. The white rings have slipped my mind again, but I haven't forgotten about the secret bar of Caramello. It was so secret that I'd completely forgot about it; now I'm craving it. There's a rustling of wrappers and soon all that's left is a few crumbs. Number 2 kicks appreciatively, obviously a girl after my own heart.
What will I call her? Emma-Lou and Sarah-Jane are my favourites at the moment, but I'm bound to change my mind. She can be Cara, as in Caramello, for the moment.

Spring arrives and so does Cara. By the time she has fought her way out and found her way to my breast she's called Lillian Tsul Taylor. Zula's dad, Saleem, called me Tsul in the desert. It means lively one, which is fitting for the new arrival, she's full of beans.

Janice moves into Azziz's river boulder house, which sits on a hillock behind his cafe. She has her baby, River Star, but as I'm struggling to cope with two kids while recovering from a difficult birth, I haven't had the time, or been in the mood to visit. I hope she's doing okay. I wonder what her baby looks like. Does it have a crown of spikes or is it an angelic demigod? 

 


17

Castor calls me up to his moon in the middle of the night.
'Wha, wa, wa, what's happening?' I ask, trying to gather my wits.
'It's Annie, she's committed suicide.'
'Oh no. Can we save her?'
Castor is silent for a little while.
'Okay,' he says. 'She's here.'
'Where?'
'Here, on Camillo. Give her some time to adjust; she's been through a lot.'
I'm in no state to go looking for her, so I get back to not coping, and wait.

There's a faint knock on my door three days later.
Annie collapses over the piece of driftwood into my arms. She's skinny, soaked to the bone and covered with cuts and bruises. Her eyes are milky and distant and she is cold to touch, like she's dead.

She needs help, I click my fingers and Freud and Dr Florence appear in my living room.
Once Florence has got over the surprise, she says, 'Emily, how are you? Are the stitches holding? I'm sorry but I'm not a surgeon.'
'I'm fine,' I say, lying. 'Me and the Lilly are alive thanks to you.'

I make her and Freud a cup of tea and putting a hand on Annie, who's huddling in the corner of the sofa, say, 'This is my friend Annie, she needs help.'
They help Annie to the bathroom and put her in a tepid bath. 
Freud comes out and says, 'We'll warm her up slowly. What happened to her?'
'I don't know. She committed suicide. Can you help?'
'I'll try. If I know what she has been through it will make it easier.'
I click my fingers to send him up to visit Castor in his moon.

He comes back half an hour later.
'Castor says you need help.'
'I do, but she needs it more.'
Tat arrives a few minutes later and without saying anything, sets himself up in the kitchen and starts cooking up a big pot of soup. Jesus arrives a few minutes later, puffing and panting. He gives me a big hug.
'Sorry I haven't been along. Azziz has gone on a bender on Zwingly, so I've been helping Janice. Can I help you?'
'Please,' I say, giving him a kiss on the cheek.
He picks up Nelly, who's been sulking in the corner, pooing her pants. He cleans her up and before long I hear her deep belly laugh coming from the bedroom. Just hearing it makes me smile.

Freud and Dr Florence stay for two weeks. I might be at a bit of a low, baby blues or whatever you call it, but Annie is in a mess. She's quiet and unresponsive, not like her former bubbly self at all. Freud says that she ran away from home and fell in with the wrong crowd. They got her hooked on drugs then forced her into prostitution. She killed herself in front of a train after being attacked by a client. Once she arrived on Camillo she found her way to the bluff, sat there for a day, then jumped. Thither managed to fire a torpedo into the water as she fell but it was touch and go. She has shrapnel wounds and was knocked unconscious by the explosion. The cold water bought her round again and she swam around to my cottage, the waves bashing her against the rocks on the way. No wonder she's in a mess.
Freud decides she needs further help and sends her off to the Betty Ford clinic on Zwingly.

It's almost summer by the time I'm feeling on top of things again. Lilly has started smiling at me; such a little thing, but it makes all the pain, suffering, stitches and sleepless nights seem worthwhile. She's a little cutey. She has the same dark skin and hair as Nelly but big dark brown eyes that trap you at a glance. Oh, she is going to break some hearts! Nelly has taken a while to adjust to having a little sister. All the toilet training went out the door and I nearly went back to putting a nappy on her. Tat and Jesus have been a big help, giving her lots of love and attention and getting her happy again. Now she's fascinated by Lilly and tries to look after her, covering her up and giving her toys. Nel has taken to the doll that Janice gave her for Christmas and carries it everywhere, twiddling with its ribbon to get to sleep. 

My body has recovered; I'm even starting to feel horny again. I'm ready to let my hair down and I'm sure Annie is too. She's coming out, like it or not. I'm off to Zwingly.

Castor has a word with me about contraception and puts a little coil thing inside my womb that he says will stop any unwanted babies. 
'I'll be good,' I promise him. 'I'll try to stay out of trouble.'
He laughs, 'Like hell you will!' 
Janice comes too. She wants to show off her baby and is ready for a bit of action after Zenning it out on Camillo for a few months. We stay in her house on the beach. It's wonderful to be sitting under a palm tree listening to the swoosh of waves, with snatches of reggae wafting in on the breeze. She's hired two nannies and we express bottles and bottles of milk, just in case we don't make it home.
Annie is looking great. She's beautiful anyway with her Indian complexion and long black hair but has been working out and her body is toned and positively glowing. 
She gives me a big hug and says, 'Sorry, sorry, sorry.'
'You have nothing to be sorry about. It's wonderful to see you looking so good.'
'I'm dead!' she says, positive beaming. 'We can be together forever.'
I give her another hug.

'Are there any tattooists on Zwingly?' I ask.
'There's a couple in Port Royal and there's this new guy, a Rasta who turned up a few weeks back. He's from somewhere weird, Timbuktu I think. He lives just down the beach.'
'Timbuktu, cool!'
An hour later we're poring through the Rasta's scrapbook of designs while he smokes his sweet cigarettes on the terrace. I'm dead keen on a two headed dragon but Nelly keeps turning the page back to a little swallow, so the decision is made: a swallow on my right arm and a yinny-yangy thing between my shoulder blades.

I try to talk Annie out of getting one, it seems a shame to mess up such beautiful skin, but she insists, choosing an Indian script armlet on her left forearm. I've got no idea what it means but the flowing writing will look really classy on her brown skin. 
'What does it say?' I ask.
'Not telling.' 

The Rasta says that things aren't the same in Timbuktu. There's a lot of bad men, a lot of death. He was shot for not being a Muslim.
'Cool,' he says. 'Now I'm in heaven.'
I worry about Zula; I hope he's okay.

The first couple of nights we stay in and chat and get the babies settled and used to the nannies, then we go partying. We have such fun. I've never really been bad before and I might not get another chance, I might grow up or something. One morning I wake up with these two gorgeous Italian guys, they're like love gods. Yes!
I have breakfast with the girls. 
'Aren't your boobs killing you?' asks Janice. 'Mine are.'
'They're just fine,' I say, and tell them why the Italian boys haven't joined us for breakfast. We laugh so loud that we get thrown out of the restaurant.
We go dancing, we go surfing and we hang out with the rock stars.
Picasso seduces me. He has me pose nude then paints me from head to toe in red. I don't need to ask Annie where she's been when she comes home painted a funny shade of blue the next day!
Annie has a fling with James and breaks his heart. She lets me have the pleasure of slamming the door in his face when he turns up begging on the doorstep.

We have jam sessions each Sunday, and sing until we're horse.
When we start arguing about what month it is, we decide it's time to head back to Camillo.


 


18

I want a boy. I have Castor remove the magic spirally thing, then picking the day carefully, have Zula visit. It's so nice to have him in my arms; I don't want to let go. I want him to stay forever and be my man. I want the kids to have a dad. Then I twiddle with the necklace around my neck and think of Ijju. I squeeze Zula so tight I nearly crush him, then click my fingers and he's gone, just the faint odour of desert left hanging in the air.

A few weeks later I go for a walk along the beach with Annie. 
'I'm pregnant,' I say.
'Snap, me too,' she says smiling.
'James?' I ask.
'Hell no!'
I study her face carefully then say, 'Azziz?'
She smiles.
'Yes!' I say. 'That's so neat.'
I'm really happy for her. She's always fancied Azziz. I wonder how Janice will take it. I think she'll be cool; she's a girl who's lived life to the full.

Finally, Pollux's new moon arrives, an SM7.
'Worth waiting for or what?' says Pollux, when I go to visit him. 'It's got voyeurscopic vision. It's just like being there.'
I know the feeling. He means wormoscopic vision but slugs can't say the word Worm without going all funny.
Hither and Thither say goodbye and shoot off in their fighters to sow some wild oats.

With a toddler, a baby and another one in the oven, life becomes a bit of a blur. It would be easy to say that we lurch from disaster to disaster, but there's so many good memories that I forgive the kids and Zula for everything. It's all Zula's fault for being so charming and thinking about me like he does. He had all the pleasure with none of the hard work. He'll have to make it up to me sometime; I'm going to make him pay!

It's fun having Annie here and pregas too. I feel like an old hand, giving her pointers and advice. I keep saying to her to make the most of life before the baby arrives. Once it's arrived, life as you know it finishes, you never get to sleep again and become a slave to you baby. I suggest she goes back to Zwingly and parties for a while.
'It was fun but I want to be here with you and look after my growing baby.' 
It's great having her here. Sometimes Janice brings River Star along and stays for weeks on end. It's wonderful with her around. She sings and jokes and does daft things. Like, instead of measuring the kids and making a little mark on the door post, she paints them from top to toe, squishes them against the wall, then prints their name and the date in big red letters that no one can miss.

I need to get a bit organised. God's good at sorting out asteroids but he's just not around. I go to see Castor instead. 
'I want more people on Camillo,' I say.
'You seem to be doing a pretty good job of populating it single handedly,' he replies.
'My babies are going to need friends and schools and soccer teams and jobs when they leave school.'
'What do they need jobs for?'
'That's what people do,' I say, stomping my foot. He's being so difficult.

'The problem is that once you open the gates, you loose control. When Zeus controls who comes and goes, like on Juno or Vespa, there's no problem unless the inhabitants start breeding, but once you get an emotional beast like a cow as gatekeeper, every time they see someone suffering or hear a sob story, the gate opens.'
'I'm not a cow!'
'Daisy is. Let's look at Panacea,' His screen zooms in on the Daisy's tiny asteroid. When I first visited, there was just her and a grassy meadow. The only company she had was a tree. But she got lonely and let in the Brazilian football team and their friends and families. Five years later, her asteroid is covered with high-rise apartment buildings; the only grass left being the soccer pitch.
'I see what you mean,' I say. 'But Daisy's a cow, I'll be strict, I will keep Camillo beautiful.'
Castor rolls his eyes to the heavens, 'Well, don't say I didn't warn you. You're better off like you are.'
'I want people?'
'Who, which people?'
'Who's available?'
The screens fill with people, with new ones showing every few seconds.
'Who are they?' I ask.
'Dead people; they're the people who have just died, like you did,' says Castor.
'Good, I'll have some.'
'You sound like a kid in a lolly shop.'
'What's wrong with that?'
'Nothing, pick some people then. You'll need someone who’s organised to keep order, like on Juno, there's Napoleon.'
'I am organised,' I snap.
'You don't want to talk to Jesus about this first?'
'No,' I say, stomping my feet again. 'It's my asteroid, I'm in charge.'
'You're in luck,' says Castor. 'A jumbo jet has just crashed. It's full of American families.'
'Perfect, grab them.'
'Where will you put them?'
'Stop being tricky, just do it!' I screech. I'm not to be trifled with when I'm pregnant.

Suddenly there's people everywhere on Camillo. They're wandering about like zombies looking battered, dazed and confused. I got my people; I just don't know what to do with them all. They've eaten all my vegetables and stripped the orchard bare. Having seen a few bolts of lightning coming from the other end of the beach, it looks like Jesus's garden is under attack as well. Janice and River Star arrive puffing along the beach, saying that the zombies have taken over the cafe. We barricade ourselves into my cottage and there's people outside, milling around waiting for something to happen.

What am I to do?
'Castor, can't you send them back or something? Get rid of them!'
'So you've saved them from the dead, now you want to kill them again,' says Castor.
'I don't want to kill them; I'm just not ready for them. Not yet.'
'Yes or no? Make up your mind woman!'
'Let's see if things settle down in a day or two,' I suggest.
A couple of days later, there's something going on. I hear the sound system at the cafe belting out gospel music and can see a huge crowd gathering along there.
'Annie, can you look after the kids?' I ask.
'Of course,' says Annie. 'Do be careful.'
I stomp off up the beach with the photon canon slung over my shoulder. Although the people's clothes are ripped and torn, they look surprisingly smart. All the men and boys wear suit jackets and ties, and the ladies and girls have long dresses. Many of them are wearing hats; the men black bobbly ones like I've seen on tele and the ladies headscarves. I kind of stand out in my bright yellow jump suit.
People stare at me as if I'm some sort of weirdo.
There's an ear-splitting screech of feedback over the speaker system and a rounded lady takes the stage. Speaking in a squeaky American accent, she says, 'Hi everyone, for those of you that don't know me, I'm Barb Dwyer. I must say it is wonderful to be here, it is what I have been praying for all of my life. We have been saved, ladies and gentlemen, saved from our sins and it has all happened because of one man. One man who is closer to God than Jesus himself. You paid your money, and he got you here. He bought you on the holiday of a lifetime. Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome the Preacher Man, Will Godbehere!'

The crowd claps and cheers as a tall, thin man with a gold suit comes on stage. He looks like a complete slimeball. I bet he started out as a used car salesman or a game show host. 
Taking the microphone, he says, 'Will God be here? Yes he will!'
The crowd goes wild.
Once the cheering has died down, Will continues in his slow southern drawl, 'Thank you Barbara for your rousing welcome, may God be with you. I bet you're all glad you signed up and paid your dues to the Church of Christian Finance. It might have seemed a lot at the time but no price is too high to pay for happiness. Look what it got you, a direct flight to heaven. I've been talking to God and he says it's ours to do whatever I want with. I'm going to subdivide it and sell it off to the highest bidders. May the glory of God be with you. Hallelujah!'
'Hallelujah,' repeats the crowd.
'Yes, hallelujah,' shouts Will. 'We need to get a little organised here. Mr Zaster will be looking after the logistics of setting ourselves up. Dee, would you like to say a few words -'
'Preacher Man we're starving,' interrupts a tall, skinny man. 'Excuse me, but my children are starving. We need food.'
'Hallelujah,' shouts Will.
'Hallelujah,' repeats the crowd.
'Hallelujah, The Lord has provided. There's fish, just like in the bible. The sea is teeming with fish; they're swimming up on the beaches. Smell the air, do you smell anything? Yes Ladies and Gentlemen, that's the sweet, smell of loaves a baking. We have grain enough to feed us all the way to Christmas. The Lord has provided wine, there are barrels of it, but as you know, the Church of Christian Finance is teetotal. We've sealed the door of the wine cellar and left it as an offering to God.'
Jesus will be happy about that.
'Before I hand over to Dee, there's sumthin else I should tell ya. When we opened the wine cellar the devil himself was hiding in there. He had skin like a reptile and four horns on his head. Ladies and Gentlemen, I spoke to the devil himself. He claimed he was the Son of God. I said I am the Son of God and we sealed that door with spikes and boulders and concrete. What's more the devil had a brother who was guarding his rum. We sealed him in his basement with his evil spirits. So the devil and his brother can drink themselves to death and go back to hell where they belong.'

'GOD!' I call loudly in my thoughts. 'God, I need you.' 
Nothing, he's not there.
'He's not around,' says Pollux.

Dee, who's got plenty of middle age spread and no dress sense, gets up on stage and takes the microphone.
I don't know if it's his hideous Hawaiian shirt that does it, but I've had enough.
'Hello!' I shout at the top of my voice.
No response.
'Hallelujah!' I shout.
'Hallelujah,' chants the crowd.
'Folks, I'm Emily, I'm God's assistant and this is my-'
'God's son, God's assistant! Seize her folks, she's in with the devil,' bellows Will over the speaker system.
I set the canon on low power and fire a shot at his feet.
'Seize her folks!'
I spin around firing at the ground, think Zen and disappear.

'We've got to get out of here,' I screech, as I arrive back home. 'Janice, can we stay in your house?'
'Of course, as long as you like.'
'Get packing,' I order.
We run about pulling out everything we might need and piling it in the middle of the floor.
'Castor, Pollux,' I call, 'We're going to be gone for a while. Don't let those slimeballs anywhere near my house, or the garden, or-' I stop and think or a moment, 'or, the paddock, or the bluff, or Tat.'
'It'll be our pleasure,' they answer together.

Everything's piled up in a big heap and we're just about to go when I remember Negrita and Trigger.
'Zwingly? No, I'll be fine here,’ says Trigger, when I ask him. 'I've had enough of movie stars and their egos. I'll hang out with Tat.'
Negrita stays too. She says that there’s too many dogs on Zwingly.


 


19

We tumble out of nowhere and arrive in Janice's house in a tangle of arms and legs, babies, duvets, pillows and blankets, books, marmite and spaghetti.
It looks like being a long stay. We'll try to behave this time.
Jesus and Azziz arrive at the same time. They're completely sozzled. 
'I don't want dem Christians drinking my wine,' slurs Jesus as he staggers out the door and falls face first onto the beach.
Azziz gives his girls a big hug and passes out. They seem happy to share him. He's not the sort of guy you can tame.

Nelly throws a wobbly. She stomps her feet, then goes red in the face and lies on the floor going crazy, flailing her arms and legs. What a monster. It's all over breakfast; the marmite on her toast didn't reach quite to the corners. Yesterday it was over toilet paper; she wanted three squares, I gave her two. Isn't she adorable - not! I hope Janice doesn't throw us out of her house.
She doesn't mind. 'It's the terrible twos,' she says. 'Most kids grow out of it. I didn't. Just ignore me, when I do it.'

The kids love living right on the beach. My house on Camillo is by the beach, but it's freezing half of the year and the surf's usually too big for me to let the kids out onto the sand. Here, the beach is like part of the house, it opens out onto it. The sand is pinky-white and the swell gently swooshes up the beach. We still need to watch our babies but they're not going to be plucked off the beach and sucked under like they would on Camillo. 

We try to find another midwife cos we can't imagine Dr Florence fitting in on Zwingly. There is no one else. Annie may be lucky and give birth with a gentle wriggle of the hips but I need someone that knows what they're doing and is good with a needle and thread. We invite her along, who knows, she might let her hair down!
We do our best to accommodate her, tiding up the house and watching our Ps and Qs. Our Sunday jam session is classical, which we all really enjoy. I see Florence waltzing with Shakespeare and when I take myself to bed, she's sitting on the sofa between a couple of composers. She's sitting upright and stiff and looks very starchy and serious. I wish she'd relax and chill out.

Annie's baby arrives first. She screams and complains and begs for mercy, but really her birth is a doddle. It's over in no time and she needs nothing more than a strong cup of tea and a ginger nut afterwards. No stitches; not even one. Cow! She has a boy; he's going to be a right little demigod with Annie's dark skin and black hair and Azziz's bright green eyes. I suggest calling him Adonis, but Annie and Azziz settle on Cosmo. 
My baby is late. The later it gets, the bigger it gets. It just keeps growing. It's scary; I'll probably explode. I try to meditate, I go for long walks and we dance around the house. Azziz suggests sex is the best way; it's his answer for everything. I can't imagine the boys are going to find me attractive with my huge belly, so we have a spicy Indian takeaway and I wash mine down with castor oil. That does the trick and, apart from a few stitches to get me looking beautiful again, Vincent Azulay Taylor slides out without putting up too much of a fight. Ha, ha, not!

With three under three, and two of them mobile, I really have my hands full, but with five adults in the house, it's fun. It's the way things should be. There's enough people around that the babies are always being carried around and fussed over. I can go out dancing or for long walks along the beach knowing my babies will be okay. I almost start to feel human again.

On Zwingly, Jesus and Azziz are in human form. Jesus is always popular. I think that the rock stars hope that by hanging out with him some of his karma will rub off on them. They probably dream of getting back to Earth and doing a bit of name dropping, 'When me and Mick hung out with Jesus on Zwingly. He's a cool dude, Zen like.' 
With Christmas coming up there's talk of a Christmas bash. I know Jesus would rather be paddling his surfboard or meditating on some mountain top than being the centre of attention, but pleasing your public is one of those things that go hand in hand with celebrity. He's using the opportunity to push his corner: no one's to cut any trees down on his account and if you want to give a present, make it an investment in the future, give a child some of your time, plant a tree, or create something for others to enjoy. 
'I've done my bit, making lots of beautiful babies,' says Azziz.
'You should be spending some of your time with them rather than vanishing off making more,' says Jesus.
'Every man to his own,' says Azziz. 'When are you going to get on with the job yourself instead preaching about what others should do?'
'Mind your own business,' says Jesus, touchily.

It's hard to get into the Christmas spirit when you're living in the tropics. It's the sort of climate that suits hanging out on the beach. Jesus organises a reggae jam session with a feast in the evening. The invitations say BYOT. 
'What's this byot all about?' I ask.
'Bring your own tree,' says Jesus. 'I'm planting trees in Mos Eisley. By improving the environment I'm hoping the aliens that live there will become nicer people.'
'Good luck to you,' I say. I really can't see a couple of shrubs turning hardened thugs and bounty hunters into New Age model citizens. It would be boring anyway. When did you last see a movie about a stay at home New Age dad? Like never, we like action, fights, killing and sex, with a bit of romance throw in for the grannies.
Us girls, me, Annie and Janice give each other tattoos for Christmas. Janice gets a black widow spider right on her knicker line so you can just see its front legs. It's ever so cheeky and the kids are forever pulling at her knickers to see more. Annie gets a Gaelic design as a ring on the second toe along. It's simple and looks good on her. I want a huge two-headed dragon running up my back and breathing fire over my shoulders, but my tastes are starting to change and I sense that him and me will fall out, big time. I still get a dragon, but he's on my butt, covering up some more of my cigarette burns as he breathes fire across at the scorpion. The Rasta uses special ink that changes colour with my moods. Once it's done, it looks fantastic but I regret the special ink. I might just want to keep what mood I'm in secret, not that many people get to see my butt. 

Jesus's birthday is great. It's so nice not to have those people trying to sell you stuff, like you get on Earth. We celebrate his birthday by eating, dancing and spoiling the kids. Cool.

On my birthday I set up the worm outside and sit on the sofa and tune in to Sheffield. It's a lovely crisp winter's day there and I look down and see Mum and Dad puffing up the hill to the graveyard. They are holding hands and-
'Mum, mum, mum, mum, mum,' says Nelly, shaking me. 'Mum, mum, wake up.'
I blink my eyes and return to being a mum. 
'Mum, baby want you.'
I jump up and go to see Vinny. He's pooed and smeared it on himself. 'Vincent!' I shout. 'Don't move, don't touch anything.'
He beams up at me, delighted with himself. I pick him up and, trying to hold him at arm's length, carry him to the beach and wash him in the sea. Then he gets hungry, then I clean up the poo on the floor and finally I clean myself. Oh, the joys if motherhood! I don't get a chance to see Mum and Dad until the following afternoon. They look sad. They must feel cheated, after the dramatic display of nature at my funeral and on my first birthday in Camillo and the next year, they must have come to look forward to their visit to my grave. To sense that I'm still there, that there is a little magic out there. Now nothing, it must be a big disappointment. They look good, a little older, but content. 
They do better than most. When I peek into the neighbours' houses, I can see how lucky Mum and Dad are. They’re relaxed with each other's company, they touch, they hold hands, they talk lots about all sorts of things and they listen to what each other says. Not many couples do that. They do argue sometimes, but that's not a bad thing either.

Castor arrives. I'm straight up to see him and give him the biggest kiss. He looks glum.
'What's up?' I ask.
'I've been replaced,' he says.
'Replaced?'
'Yes, by Renard.'
'No way, Renard has replaced you?'
'Yes, Renard. It's so they can sell off slices of Heaven without us knowing.'
'Heaven, you mean Camillo.'
'Yes, they-'
'Don't tell me, I don't want to know.'


 


20

I try to do a little kung fu each day, usually when I'm doing the housework. You can just sweep the floors, or sweep the floors, kung fu. The kids do laugh when I'm folding the laundry and washing the dishes, kung fu. It's a state of mind. I don't get much time for meditation though. I really enjoy it but it's one of those selfish pastimes that young kids won't let their mum do. 
I work hard at staying fit and getting my body back in shape. These babies don't half take a toll on it, I've got stretch marks and my tummy wobbles like a jelly, and my boobs, which did their best to defy gravity when they first arrived, have given up the fight. 
I've been playing beach soccer. It's right on our doorstep and it's great fun, running on the sand and splashing about in the water. There's usually someone to kick the ball around with and in the evening, when they've knocked off for the day, the zinodes train and play friendly games. Once every few weeks there's a big game at the local soccer pitch at the edge of town on the duney fringes of the desert. Usually a team from Vespa or Panacea come and plays the Zwingly team. Sometimes we go and watch. It's always fun and the local team needs all the support it can get.

'Soccer,' says Azziz. 'There's a big game, do you want to come with me and Jesus.'
'No way!' I say, remembering our last misadventure. 'Anyway, I got kids now. I can't leave them and bobby off half way across the solar system on a boozy soccer trip.'
'I have kids too,' says Azziz. 'It never stopped me.'
'I noticed!' I can be so sarky sometimes.
'You don't have to go anywhere; the stadium is coming to Zwingly. It's Szabo playing Psyche. Play kicks off at sunset on the first of May. It's the cup final so they are playing on neutral territory. I've got tickets for all of us.'
'Cool,' I say, with just a little trepidation. 'But what about the kids?'
'Organised, there's two nannies coming.'

I tell Annie about the last soccer match. 
'I must see it,' she says. 'It's a shame we can't take the bus to get there.'
It looks like we are going.

The end of April arrives but there's no sign of the stadium. Jesus says that it's not broken down but is hiding in hyperspace. Apparently the local bars have bribed the Soccer Federation to delay its arrival. The Federation is wonderfully corrupt, openly fixing matches by coercing players, or letting a slimeball in at a critical moment. Zwingly is packed with all manner of aliens and intergalactic riffraff. I can hear the szabo this time. Most of them are totally invisible but there's a few empty jerseys in the szabo colours of navy and maroon vertical stripes playing soccer or lazing under coconut palms. There's zinodes everywhere, hovering just above the ground or playing in the sea, splashing on the surface or diving deep to chase fish. Normally naked, they wear their colours when they play footy; yellow and gold, blue and white, all orange, black and white stripes, and Manchester red, just to name a few.

As is tradition, the supporters play a football tournament while they wait for the missing stadium. Everyone takes part. Me, Annie, Jesus and Azziz put on green and red shirts and play for Zwingly, while Janice helps the nannies look after the kids. The zinodes are kind to us, keeping the ball relatively close to the ground so we have half a chance of getting a foot to it. We invented the game so it's only fair that they play by our rules when we're playing. The tournament goes on for weeks. One of the wonderful things about living here is that time doesn't matter. No one wears a watch and time is usually indicated by breakfast, morning, lunch, tea, sunset, dinner and night. People are quite happy to wait and just chill until things happen, which most of the time they do.

Azziz has arranged security. Two burly guards arrive at the house wearing body armour and carrying assault canons. 
'Why?' I ask. 'It's odd to protect stuff; aliens normally have no interest in things.'
'It's to protect the kids,' he says. 'With all these people around they could easily go missing.'
'Missing! What do you mean missing?'
'Stolen,' he says. 'Kids are one of the most valuable commodities in the Universe.'
Stolen! Commodities! I want to go back to the safety of Camillo. Now; before my kids are stolen and sold to slavery. I can't though; I'd probably be burned at the stake for being a witch.
I go to see Castor, 'Please, please Castor, guard our kids. We've got security, but can you keep an eye out too?'
'No problem. I always do. I'll station myself directly over the house. It's those guards you really have to watch.'
'The guards,' I screech. This is going from bad to worse.
'We've had problems with them in the past. Don't worry, I'm here, I'm watching.'
'Thank you, Castor. I don't know what I'd do without you,' I give him a big kiss and with a click of my fingers are back with my kids.

I keep a careful eye on the guards, who stand impassive, hiding behind their dark glasses.

The stadium arrives with such a noise that I drag the kids down into the hurricane shelter. Even there, it's loud and we wait until the ground stops shaking before we venture out. The stadium has landed in the desert and kicked up a huge cloud of dust, which coats everything in yellow as it settles. I'm looking forward to being up in the grandstand with Annie and Janice. We head out to the stadium late in the afternoon, fooling around with a football as we run across the dunes to reach it. It's wonderful being in the desert. There's no clutter, just a vast expanse of sand, like an ocean hiding unknown secrets in its depths. 
The stadium is jammed packed. There's even people sitting around the rim of the roof, dangling their feet over the edge. The warm up game, the final of the local kids’ league kicks things off at sunset. 
A vender carrying a portable barbecue taps me on the shoulder. I get myself and the girls a spit roasted guinea pig each and buy some flaming freshly lasered slimeball for the boys. They love it and can't comprehend that I just don't like it. I don't want to like it. 

After the Zwingly game is over there's a break and the Rolling Stones bash out a few classics. While they are big on Zwingly, they have yet to break into the galactic music scene and no one has heard of them. They get a few claps and cheers of encouragement from the crowd who's keen to see a new act, even if their music is a bit weird.
The stadium lights dim and go out, leaving us sitting in darkness. A feeling of hushed expectation hangs over the stadium. A search light knives through the darkness and picks out a sentry moon high above the stadium. It slowly descends until it's hovering in the middle of the stadium, high above the pitch.
'Great, it's Arcturus,' says Azziz. 'I'm glad we've got him, he's the best referee in the Galaxy!'
I'm not; last time he let a slimeball in just for the sport of it.
The stadium lights come back on and we can see the players, Szabo in maroon and navy and Psyche in blue and white, in position on the pitch.
Poooop!
Arcturus blows his whistle and the szabo kick off. The players take to the air, rapidly spreading out to fill the stadium. The game is fast with the zinodes kicking the ball in crisp, accurate passes with a flick of their powerful tails. 
A Psyche player makes a rough tackle.
Boooop!
The game restarts with a second ball coming into play.
Peep!
There's another foul and another ball appears. Soon there's half a dozen balls in play and it's hard to keep up with the action.
Pooooooop!
Szabo score. Play restarts back on the pitch with a single ball. Psyche quickly equalise. It's clear who's the crowd's favourite, they jump out of their seats with a roar, going meters up in to the air then drifting slowly back down again, hooting and hollering as they wave their Psyche scarves. Once the stadium is quiet again, Arcturus restarts again.
Poooop!
Bam! Wham! 
A sleek fighter comes out of nowhere and blasts Arcturus's moon. It explodes sending flaming wreckage crashing to the ground. It's the Baron, the scumbag who shot down Castor. A slimeball evades the stadium's defences and crashes to ground. It gobbles up a couple of players and smashes into the crowd. It's coming straight for us, cutting a broad swath through the panicked crowd. I take a deep breath and think Zen.
Blip!
I'm in my fighter in the middle of the stadium. The slimeball explodes and we spin around and take out another before it touches ground. My fighter lurches sideways to avoid a torpedo then takes off at full speed after the Baron. He's heading straight for Castor's moon. Dodging Castor's torpedoes he fires a pulse of blue light which scores a direct hit, causing the moon to pulse a couple of times and go out.
'Fart knockers,' curses Castor. 'A thermo-magnetic pulse, I'm out of action.'
The Baron stops next to Castor's moon and turns to finish him off, 'This time it's adios for you my slug.'
Big mistake buddy, you may have the finest spaceship in the galaxy but you've given me two seconds! My fighter flips him sideways, sending his missiles astray then blasts and blasts and blasts him, again and again. I've had enough of this space scum. Even as his spaceship is falling from the sky, I keep shooting and shooting. It's adios for you, scumbag.

'Stop Emily,' shouts Castor. 'Save your kids, the guards are taking them.'
In the fighter's daylight display I can see the guards dragging the kids along the beach to an angular stealth spaceship. Each has a baby tucked under his arm and is struggling to keep a grip on the other ones. They're so greedy; they're taking them all.
My fighter jimmies to the right and picks off a slimeball that's charging up the beach towards them, fries another that's smashing through the beach houses, then swivels to the left and torpedoes the stealth spaceship.
I click my fingers and I'm on the beach about five meters from the closest guard. Seeing me, he lets go of River and raises his rifle. He never gets a shot in. I cartwheel across the beach and he gets a 'don't mess with my kids' kick to the throat. I catch his rifle as it falls and take the other guard's head off. 
A slimeball smashes to ground in the shallows beside us covering us with water and slime. I'm back in the fighter.
Blam!
Jesus, Azziz and the two girls appear on the beach, grab the babies and teleport off somewhere safe, probably Camillo.
I blast a few slimeballs then patrol above the stadium. It's pandemonium on the ground. A hundred thousand people, and I use that term people loosely, all trying to get out of the stadium and off Zwingly. Spaceships shoot in all directions, while slimeballs crash to ground amongst the fleeing crowd. Pollux gets his moon operational again and between us we get on top of things. 
Then it's quiet, no people, no spaceships, no slimeballs. I thank my fighter and teleport across to see Castor. He looks embarrassed. 
'Castor,' I say, giving him a big kiss. 'Thank you so much. You saved my babies.'
Reddening up, Castor says, 'No, you saved the people at the match, well most of them anyway, you saved me, defeated the Baron and rescued your babies.'
'Thanks anyway,' I say, giving him another kiss. 'Thank you for being you.'
I click my fingers and arrive on the beach. I sit there in the dark, savouring the coolness of the night air and feeling happy to be alive.

Jesus and Azziz teleport in with the others right on sunrise and we have a long swim before starting the big clean-up. There's a deafening roar that makes my nose bleed and I watch as the dew drop stadium takes off and disappears into space. Much as I like football, I think that it'll be a while before Jesus and Azziz get me along to see another match.


 


21

Annie's baby is almost a year old. Cosmo is a good choice of name because he has superpowers. All babies have the superpower of charm. Cosmo has oodles of it; it oozes from his every pore. His bright green eyes catch you when you enter the room, lock on, and won't let go. Since he first sat up, he's had a second power of attraction too; if he wants an object, it just floats across the room and into his hot little hands. Before I lost the plot over a chewed remote control, which had the tele tuning into Arab soap operas at odd hours of the night, he sat in the middle of the room like King Quanoot summoning objects. He sat there, happy as Larry surrounded by books, ornaments, the salt and pepper grinders, the remote controls and whatever other small object had caught his eye, like a kid in a lolly shop, wondering which thing to gum to death next. I glued the ornaments down and put everything else away in drawers; that foxed him. He doesn't need his superpowers anymore; he's walking. He does the rounds of the house with his mate Vince, causing havoc.

Annie's pregnant again, really pregnant. Not all of a sudden like, it's been sneaking up on her for a while, but now she's there, ready to pop. Because her last birth went so smoothly, we decide to do this one ourselves. It's just too hard being good when Dr Florence is here. We've grown to really like Florence, but she’s hard work. If it all turns to custard, we'll bring her in, give her a strong cup of tea, and I'm sure she'll be happy to sort things out.
When Annie's labour starts, Azziz promptly heads out to shoot pool. He loves making babies, but is not really into the whole fatherhood thing. He'll carry his kids around, swing then about and throw them in the air, but as soon as there's a pooey bottom or a blood and guts birthing, he's off like a scolded cagoon.

Idris slides out without giving too much of a fight and is soon sucking on Annie's boob while Janice, Jesus and me cut the cord and inspect the afterbirth. Idris is a bit of a funny shape to start with but once he's a few weeks old and started filling out, we can see that we have another demigod in the house. He's exactly the same as Cosmo, as if Annie's been cloning them.

Castor calls me up to his moon. 'Emily, this might interest you,' he says. 'Petra is getting married.'
I'm up there in a flash. I love a good wedding. It's great to see Petra too. Since she killed Ariella and activated the power of The Book, it hasn't been possible to watch over her. She looks about sixteen and with her wild red hair and tanned, freckly skin, looks absolutely gorgeous. I'm so jealous. She glows with the radiance of an expectant mum.
'She's left The Book on Mulo. That's why we can see her. She's marrying Angelo, who she fell in love with on her travels.' 
Castor flicks up an image of a handsome dark haired boy with a shy smile. 'He's a fisherman's son from the little island of Salina, just north of Sicily. They sailed down from Mulo with Mario and Jasmina, her foster dad and mum, and her twin brother and sister on this tiny sailing boat.' He flashes up an image of the little cutter; similar to the one I saw her sailing on years ago, but a meter or so longer. 
'The tradition is to get married where the bride lives but it's easier for the six residents of Mulo to travel than the eight hundred and eighteen from Salina.'
The girls would love this. Jesus agrees reluctantly to look after the six kids. It's just that time of day when they're tired and hungry and need feeding and bathing, but we can't wait, the ceremony is about to start. I'm sure he'll cope.
We arrive in Castor's cockpit in a tangle of legs and arms and have to sit on top of each other to fit in. Castor has a radar image of the town on his cockpit screen.
Angelo, looking dashing in a smart suit, is escorting Petra through the streets of Santa Marina to the church, up on the hill. 
'She's pregas,' says Annie.
'It's going to be a boy,' says Castor.
'Shut up,' I say. 'You always spoil it.'
'Sorry,' says Castor. 'I just love information.'
'You should have a gossip column,' says Janice.
'I do,' replies Castor. 'I contribute to People, US Weekly, Hello, Voici and Chi. I wrote that article about you and Peter Tork-'
'You didn't!' says Janice, giving Castor a slap. 'I was trying to keep that quiet.'

The ceremony is in a beautiful old church. It's packed. Us girls go all gooey watching. After the wedding they release doves outside the church and are showered with confetti as they walk to the reception. 
I wonder if I'll ever get married, I doubt it.
We decide we've been nosey enough for one day and leave them to it.

Well, almost nosey enough, while I'm up here, I have a look at Ijju. I haven't seen her for ages. As always, she's looking great. She's been busy, there's a toddler, a little girl hanging onto her leg as she prepares dinner. I look for her boy, who must be nearly four now, and find him kicking a football around outside with Zula. It's such a lovely sight. I'm so lucky to have him as father of my kids.
'Who's that?' asks Annie.
Oops! 'Just a friend,' I say coyly.
Annie smiles and gives me a wink

When we get back, the house is empty. They're all gone and there's a wee note on the table saying, Along at the rocks, J. 
We follow the little footprints along the beach and find them at a large rock pool practicing kung fu. I have trouble trying to keep the kids quiet for a moment while the baby goes to sleep, and he has them doing kung fu! There's a zinode swimming around on her back holding Idris, who is all but asleep and the other five are walking across the large pool, walking on water! The little two, Vinny and Cosmo, are holding hands as they toddle across.
We stand and watch for a moment, totally fascinated then, as usual, I blow it by opening my big mouth, 'Jesus-'
The spell is broken and the kids tumble into the deep pool as if falling through ice. The toddlers go down to the bottom, while the others flail about on the surface. I dive down and grab the little ones. Instinctively holding their breath, the little ones are just fine.
One thing is clear, living where we are, right by the beach; the kids should be able to swim. It seems to be as good a moment as any, so the lessons start right away. After all, you never know when you are next going to be walking on the water and some stupid woman comes along and makes you lose your concentration!

Nelly is a big girl now. She's four. It's almost scary how fast she's growing up; she'll be leaving home soon. I don't know what to get her. I visit Castor and look through catalogues and rack my brains but just can't think of anything. It takes a while, but I finally click. If she really needed something she'd be telling me. Me hunting for a present is just to make me feel good. It's as good a reason as any but I don't get her anything. Does she complain and make me feel guilty? Of course! Once she has recovered from the shock of not getting something she didn't know she needed, we go shopping and eat lots of yummy ice cream and buy her some grown up, four year old clothes. If there is one thing I'll like to give her for her birthday, it's her dad. With Jesus and Azziz around there are some men in her life but they're not her dad; he's special. 

Jesus is OTA this year. I think the whole Christmas thing last year was all a bit much. It's nice to have people remember your birthday but to have it as a two week national holiday and an excuse for selfish decadence must get a bit much, especially for someone so Zen.
He's probably hanging out with Tat, sitting cross legged on a mountain top thinking of sex and sausage rolls or playing snap with the sentry slugs.


 


22

Nineteen today. I stand naked in front of the mirror and look at myself. 
I'm a woman, I must be with my three kids, but I see a girl looking back at me. My body has taken a few knocks and gained some scars but nothing compares with the hammering the kids have given it. They came from this body and suck strength from it as they grow. Hopefully they'll repay the debt by looking after me in my old age and not push my wheelchair off the nearest cliff.
My hair has grown back and is half way down my back, thick and straight. It's not blonde anymore, it's darkening up and has turned brown with hints of red and gold. I'm happy about that, the darker it grows, the stronger I am. 
I like my eyes. I try to look into them and see me, but what I see is an unfathomable depth like I'm looking into a distant galaxy. There's sparks like diamond and reflections from a hall of mirrors at the same time. Does the light come from within or shine from outside? Probably a bit of both. That mysterious spark is why I'm here, it's why Zeus saved me to be his apprentice and why people take the gamble of trusting in me. My eyes used to be bright blue, now I'm not quite sure. Have they turned cold and grey with all the death that surrounds me? Is there a hint of jealous green? Or are they just bouncing back the colours that surround me like the colourless sea which is vibrant blue in the tropics, grey in England and a cold dark green at the poles? My eyes lost their innocence long ago but there's still plenty of spark in them.


 


23

Shade is on the cover of Time magazine, and News Week, and The New York Times. He's everywhere. More good news. Planet Earth is on a Roll, and Earth Enters the Age of Aquarius shout the headlines.
'What is the Age of Aquarius?' I ask.
'It's a load of waffle,' says Castor. 'The Earth has a wobble on. No enough to make you drop your cup of tea but a definite wobble. If you were to look up at the North Star then get a little distracted for a couple of thousand years and look at the same spot again, it's not going to be in there. The Earth will have wobbled into Aquarius. Anyway, I didn't get you up to talk wobbles; I wanted to bring you up to date on Earth. Things are going good.'
'Good,' I say. 'I'm glad you're watching because I never give it a thought.'
'You have more important things to do. This dude, Shade, first appeared in the papers a month ago. He's been giving to charity and has set up numerous foundations to help kids in poor countries, including inner city ghettos in the US. Here's a photo of him talking to President Obama at a charity bash. He's completely charming and manages to get even the most hard-nosed business men to support his causes.' 
The screen flashes up a photo of a huge shiny yacht berthed in a run-down fishing port with sunken boats all around. 
'This is the one hundred and thirteen meter long motor yacht Sex belonging to one of the Russian billionaires, crooked men who have all but stolen their wealth from the people. After a chance encounter with Shade at a street cafe, the owner gave orders for Sex to sail immediately to Puntland, a pirate lair in Somalia, to be used as a floating school and medical centre. Unbelievable.'
'It must be the power of The Book.'
'I would like to think so,' says Castor. 'When I went to do background checks on him, I found that Renard had already done the donkey work and compiled a file. It's good to see him doing something useful, maybe he's changed.'
'Fat chance!' I say.
'Shade was born in Ekibastuz, Kazakhstan in 1972, mother was a seamstress, father a coal miner. Did his schooling in Astana, worked his way up through the local communist party and on the breakup of the Soviet Union secured the mining rights to a large area of wasteland. Oil and gas was discovered in 1999 and he made his fortune. He's been an incredibly shrewd investor and is on track to becoming one of the richest men on Earth. He has a long list of celebrity lovers and hangs out with all the right people.'
With his rugged features, designer suit and trademark dark glasses he looks ever so handsome.
'He's been voted the most eligible bachelor on Earth. There's one for you Em.'
'I'll have to kill him first!' I joke. 




24

Castor calls me back up again a week later. He's angry.
'Pollux said that there's a lot of construction on Camillo. I've been keeping quiet about it because I didn't want to upset you but just look at what I've found on the Church of Christian Finance website,' says Castor, frowning as he opens a web page on his cockpit screen.
'Buy a Slice of Heaven. Five star beachfront condos on Paradise Beach, Heaven. Have cancer and ready to drop? A heart murmur and think you might die? Is life too much and you want to end it all? Do it now! Kill yourself! A Slice of Heaven, the development people are dying to visit. Satisfaction guaranteed. No risk, your money is held safely in escrow until you push the pay button on the terrace of your condo. Prices start at $10 million. Call now and talk on the God phone directly to Heaven. Last few apartments selling now. This is your last chance to go to heaven. Don't wait, buy now before you miss out.'
Behind the text is a photo of a massive apartment complex curving along a pristine golden beach. At the very edge of the photo, overshadowed by the building, I can see my cottage.
Bastards! What are they doing to my Camillo?

I'm madder than I've ever been before. My fighter appears on the beach, I teleport into the cockpit, strap myself down and we're off.
The zinode who thought up the emotion powered fighter is a genius. Renard doesn't even know what's hit him. His moon explodes and I see his yellowness tumble down towards the sea, then disappear with a big splash. The beachfront condo is reduced to smoking rubble even before Pollux's moon orbits into sight. 
A slimeball whizzes past me spinning down towards the surface. The fighter's just about to blast it when Pollux whispers, 'No, let it go.'
It crashes down onto Camillo, followed by another and another. I don't want to look at what's happening. 'Look after Tat,' I say and head slowly back to Zwingly, still fuming.

We don't want to go straight back to live on Camillo; I want it to be revamped before we move back. We form a committee. I never thought I would be one of those old people who sat on a committee but here I am. I want Camillo's future to be planned and the more brains the better. Castor and Pollux and our zinode helpers are virtually here as well. First we decide what we want, then work on how to get there. One thing is clear; that's that I should concentrate on my children and not be trying to do everything. Zeus is the best at running asteroids but he's not around. We need someone with clear vision and lots of drive. We could steal Napoleon from Juno but he would just do everything his way, he's too much of a bossy boots.   

Lilly is having a meltdown. She's lost one of her doll's little knitted booties. We turn the house upside down looking for it but can't find it anywhere. It's been stolen, and I know who's taken it. That's the man for us, John Smith the sock thief. He's a town planner. I like him, we might lose the odd sock but at least we know where to look for it. I go to visit him on Juno, get the missing bootie back and make him a proposal. He says he'd love to help with the planning but is not a leader; someone else can do that. 
Him and Daphne, move to Camillo. They stay in my cottage while they're getting things started; it's good to have it being lived in.
Camillo goes to Psyche for a refit. They tidy up the mess left by the Preacher Man and his followers, put in farms, replant the forests and stock the sea with fish, make a few changes to the landscape and construct a town and some villages, install all the pipes needed to bring water in and take pee away, and build a road network to link it all together.  An extra black hole is added to her core to provide energy, and on Jesus's request, the resonator is upgraded to give better surf.

The committee argues about cars and buses and the Internet. I really like Juno, which is living in a bit of a time warp. They get around on foot or by horse and have the convenience of electricity without the clutter of electronics. The Zinodes come up with such a good anti-car argument that everyone agrees against cars and buses. They say it's a matter of perception; Camillo's a smallish asteroid and if we can get around quickly, it shrinks in the mind's eye and become tiny. If we can only get around by walking or riding, the asteroid will seem huge with vast unexplored wilds outside the little bubble that we live in. 
The kids make the decision on electronics for us. We have a rainy day and they're driving us crazy until Azziz nips down the video store and picks up a few DVDs for the kids. Suddenly the fighting and whinging stops and they're glued to the screen like zombies. We'll have electronics, and the more processors and chips, the better! 
As an afterthought, I ask for a couple more rooms to be added onto my house. There's getting to be a lot of us.


 


25

Not having much in the way of seasons, it's hard to keep track of time on Zwingly. The days turn into weeks and the weeks into months, then Castor gives me a call.
'It's ready!' he says excitedly.
'Ready, what's ready?' I ask, trying to remember if I ordered something on the Internet.
'You asteroid!' he exclaims. 'Camillo is all fixed up, repaired, modified, replanted and back in position, waiting for you!'
It's so out if the blue, I don't know what to say. I'd sort of forgotten about it. That's what motherhood does to you; your brain turns to Swiss cheese. 'Wonderful!' I say.
'You can move back on anytime. Your cottage is free, John and Daphne have moved back to Juno,' says Castor, then adds, 'I can't wait to get back.'

It takes me a little while to get enthusiastic. We've been here so long that we've kind of settled in. Vinny, Cosmo and Idris were born here, the older kids have friends and we're into a comfortable routine.
We talk about it for days, then decide to just do it. At the end of the Sunday afternoon jam session, Janice announces that we'll be leaving. No, there won't be a leaving party but we will have an asteroid warming once we've settled back in.
The next morning we visit the people who weren't at the jam session to say bye, pile all our things and kids in the middle of the room, and click!

It's summer in Camillo; just the tail end of it when the days are starting to draw in a little and the sun is losing its oomph. Having just come out of refit the asteroid seems as confused as we are. The clouds are scurrying about not knowing quite what to do with themselves. There used to be three but there seems to be more now. There's hot sunshine one minute, then a snow squall the next. Pollux assures me that it'll settle down in a week or two.
Once we've put everything away and made ourselves at home again, it's like we've never been away. Janice decides to stay for the time being. We're all so used to being together, that it's hard to imagine being apart, even if she is just down the other end of the beach. I'm glad she's staying, I love her singing and joie de vie and Lilly and River are best mates.

We head off together to look around my property. The garden has been planted out, and although some of the plants look a little confused, is flourishing. The bougainvillea has covered the walls in magenta and the Peasgood Nonsuch has huge apples on it.
Vinny walks as far as the garden, but then his legs stop working, so he goes on my shoulders while the bigger kids run ahead down the narrow track through the sugar cane. A clanging of bells lets us know they have found the sheep. Crossing the paddock, we stop in the shade of a mango tree to eat bananas then puff our way up to the hilltop. It's my favourite spot here on top of the bluff. I love to sit on the edge, looking out to sea and chill.
With six kids, there's no chilling going on.
'Nelly, get away from the edge!' I screech.
'River, stop pushing Lilly! River, NOW!' shouts Janice.
'Look out Cosmo!' yells Annie, as she dives to stop him going over the edge.
We beat a hasty retreat and head back home for tea and medals.

I ask Jesus to take charge of the organisation of the asteroid.   
'It'll be my pleasure,' says Jesus, delighted that I've asked him.
'Where do we start?' I ask.
We are going to need some rules.'
'Rules, I hate rules!' I protest.
'Rules,' he says. 'When you have more than a few people living together you need rules. I would start with something really simple like: You need to show respect for one another. All disputes will be settled by arbitration with the management having the final word. Then make up more rules as needed.'
'Sounds good to me.'

Jesus and me make a tour of the asteroid.
We start at my place looking at the trees. Apart from the pine trees that were destroyed by the building they are all doing well. I've still no idea what they are but they've grown almost as tall as me. Jesus arranges for sapling umbrella pines to planted to replace the missing trees.
Next stop is Pollux's moon. It's lovely to see Pollux again.
'Thanks so much for sorting things out Emily, I thought they would stay forever and I'd never see you again.'
'I'm so sorry,' I say, giving him a big kiss. 'It was all my fault.'
He reddens up and a big tear rolls down his face. It's a bit tricky to give a slug a hug but I spread my arms wide and push myself against his face.
He gives Jesus and me an overview of the asteroid and proudly points out all the work that has been done.

The land on Camillo is a big island floating in the ocean. On the north side is the mountains. Streams cascade down their rugged slopes towards the flatter land on the south side. The west end, which used to be scrubland, has changed into a patchwork of fields and orchards, in the middle is the prairie and the east end is heavily forested hills.
There's some new islands in the ocean and lakes in the mountains.
The most noticeable changes are the new towns and the road network linking them together. 'Kastela, the main town,' says Pollux,' is just over the hill from your house. It'll be easy for your kids to walk or ride their bikes to school. Campos is the village at the west end that will service the farming community. Alaro, up by the prairie will be the centre for sheep and cattle farmers, and there's a quarry there, and Deia, in the hills at the east side will be for the lumberjacks and furniture makers.'
A flash of lightning comes from over the mountains and we watch the clouds chasing each other around. 'There's some feisty ones,' says Pollux laughing. 'We're going to have trouble with them.'
'It looks wonderful,' I say marvelling at Camillo. Having been away so long, I don't really feel like it's mine anymore. 

Jesus has never ridden a bicycle before and has a few tumbles trying to get started. I run alongside him shouting instructions until he gets the hang of steering, then he comes unstuck and crashes at the bottom of the first hill when he can't find the brakes. 
There's a network of cycle tracks all over the asteroid. Starting at Azziz's cafe, the track wends its way through the sand dunes, skirts around my place then over the low hill to reach Kastela. From the top of the hill the view of the town is spectacular. Because of my fear of slimeballs, the towns are walled for protection with gun turrets ready for when they come under attack. Kastela is based on Dubrovnik and is an absolute gem. I'm looking forward to walking around the city walls. Now Camillo has towns and stuff, it needs maintaining, and a population of zinodes has shifted here from Vespa. I like zinodes. They embrace life and live it to the full. They're passionate about work, love, their children and football. On the way into the town we pass a football pitch where a team wearing gold and maroon stripes in training. I hope they'll let me play, and my kids too. Nelly is almost old enough. She loves football.
The town of Kastela centres on its port. Brightly coloured fishing boats and small coastal traders bob about on their moorings, waiting expectantly for their crews to arrive from Earth. Guarding the port, there's a little fortified island with a tall lighthouse painted in red stripes.
We leave the bikes at Kastela and teleport around the other towns. While none of them is quite as spectacular as the capital, each is protected by strong walls and charming in its own way. I especially like Deia. Being up in the hills, the air is fresh and there's spectacular views out across the island and along the rugged east coast.

Jesus is embracing his new role and has a working model of Camillo in the office he's set up at his and Azziz's house. The model is biometrically linked to the asteroid, so if you look closely you can see how the plants and animals are doing, how much snow is on the mountains and how full the reservoirs are. You can even see the two security moons orbiting. That's cool.

Jesus says, 'Camillo needs to be self-sufficient for most things: energy, timber, stone and food. Things are set up so it should be sustainable but we'll keep an eye on it and fine tune as we go along. For things that need importing we'll need to trade. At the moment we have the velvet spring water, Azziz's rum and my wine. We'll look at some light manufacturing, like designer label clothes and letting a few tourists in so we don't get too insular.'
He seems to have it all in hand; I'll leave him to it. 
Then I remember, there's something missing, people! 'What about people?' I ask.
'Who would you like?' asks Jesus.
I'd like Azulay, but I'm not telling him that. 'Let's get who we need first, then grab a few interesting ones to make life a little zany,' I suggest, then add, 'I don't want weirdos again.'
'Leave it to me and the slugs,' says Jesus. 'I plan to start with mostly European people in Kastela, Asian in Campos, Arab and Indian in Alaro, and African in Deia. English will be the official language and religion will be tolerated as long as respect is shown for other beliefs.'
'Sounds perfect!' I say. 'Thanks so much.' I give him a big hug and forgive him all his Prince Charlesy moments.


 


26

I do like these new clouds. The old ones were grumpy, disagreeable and predictable. The new ones are all over the place. They seem to work more as a team, hanging out together around the hilltops. They're ever so mischievous. I can leave the house with a clear cloudless sky, arrive in the garden in the middle of a rain squall and have to ask Castor to help me find my way back to the house with my bunch of carrots because the fog's so thick. It must be their first asteroid cos the weather's very clumsy. 

With the topsy-turvy September weather we're spending more time indoors. Normally the kids would drive me spare but for some odd reason, I've got clucky. I want more.
'You must be mad,' says Annie.
I probably am.
'And who's going to be the dad anyway?'
'Never you mind!'
It might just be that I'm back in my house again or maybe it's because my heart has started aching. I don't know what it is at first; I think I might be going to have a heart attack. Then I notice that if I think of Zula, the pain is much sharper. I don't know if it's him thinking of me or me thinking of him, but one thing is for sure, the connection between us is getting stronger. The dull pain is reassuring and when it fades, I worry that I've lost him and want it to come back. Then it comes back stronger later on. Yes!

One evening the pain piques sharply. I click my fingers to get the worm.
I arrive in the thick of an argument.
'You're off in the desert, then you come back and say you're missing Emily. What about missing me and your children?' shouts Ijju, stomping her feet.
'I didn't mean it like that,' pleads Zula, lamely.
'What do you mean it like? Why don't you go and see her in Paradise? I'll help you on the way,' she screams, throwing a saucepan at him and collapsing in tears as it smashes into the wall, taking a big chunk of plaster off.
Stupid plonker. Oh Ijju, I do feel for you. I wish I could give her a hug.

A couple of nights later, when I've sort of half forgiven him for treating my friend like that, I click my fingers and he's here beside me. I savour his smell and hold him tight. He comes to life and ooh-la-la! 
'Mum, mum, mum, wake up,' I wake up groggily. It's daylight and Lilly is tugging at me. The cover disappears off the bed and she screams. 'Mum, a man, a man!'
Zula jumps up. Looks at me, then looks at Lilly and back to me. 'Emily?' he asks.
Nelly comes running in. Vinny starts crying next door.
Nelly looks at Zula, looks at me and says, 'Dad?'
Zula looks at her then back to me again and pinches his arm really hard. His face creases with the pain. He freaks and runs from the room. I run after him, naked.
He's out the door and heading down the path to the garden. I'm hot on his tail; I'm fast. We chase through the sugar cane and across the field. 
'Zula, stop!' I shout, but he keeps going, following the track.
I chase him up the hill. He trips and falls but is up on his feet again before I can catch him. At the top, I'm hot on his heels. 'Stop, stop, Azulay, stop!' I scream.
Not seeing the edge, he tumbles over and falls towards the waves far below..
I scream, then gather my wits and think Zen. I click my fingers.
Click!
I'm nearly out of range of the worm, but get a faint image of Zula tumbling down the side of a sand dune. 
I guess he won't be in a hurry to come back. He's gone! 
No Hi Em, cool to see you. No, he just took one look at me, freaked out and ran away. I stomp my feet, curl up in a little ball and go into melt down.
Am I that nasty? Does he hate me? Have I taken advantage of him, using him as a mobile sperm bank that I summon with a click of my fingers? What a monster I am! The evil, scheming Emily that lures him off to the far side of the Solar System to have her wicked way with him then spits his spent body out, sending it tumbling back to Earth.
I pick up a rock and throw it at a seagull. It squawks angrily at me as it dodges out the way.
Maybe it was my kids that did it. His kids! Our kids! Now that would be enough to make anyone freak!

Well even if he hates me, I kinda like him. 
Just as well too, because he’s left his calling card. A few weeks later my body starts doing weird things, weird and very familiar. I'm not sure I'm happy about it. Four will be too many; I can't even cope with three.

My heart keeps aching. It looks like it's a pain that's here to stay.


 


27

There's no sign of my prickly cagoon, Negrita. I hope she wasn't gobbled up by the slimeballs. She might be with Tat. I would love to spend all day and hike up to his shack in the mountains to visit but it's one of those pleasures that don't go hand in hand with having kids; I teleport instead. 
He's not in. There's fresh hoof prints in the mud, so I follow them up through the cloud and stunted beech trees. I find Tat in a small clearing. It's a beautiful place surrounded by gnarled trees, their twisted silhouettes softened by the mist. Trigger snorts a friendly welcome and comes to see me. Tat stands motionless, and alert, his eyes shut tight. I open the little cage in my pocket. Enzo hasn't been out for ages. He whizzes around the clearing then jiggles about in front of Tat, taunting him. Tat moves like a blur, I don't even see what happens. Then he bounces over to me and gives me a hug. Standing back, he opens his hand and out flies Enzo, who dips slightly in a polite bow. Tat bows back then Enzo shoots off looking for the cagoon.
'I've been thinking,' says Tat.
'You have the perfect place for it,' I say.
'The tiger came first, followed by the monkey and the crane. Now kung fu enters the age of the cagoon. Coming out of nowhere and striking with razor sharp claws and a breath of fire.'
There's a flicker of black, a flash of claws and Negrita picks Enzo out of the air, tumbling back to the ground and rolling to a halt at my feet. She lets Enzo go, then looks up at me, flattens her ears and snarls. I reach down to stroke her. She hisses and breathes fire, then draws blood with a lightning strike of her claws. She's so adorable. Not!

I give Trigger a rub behind the ear. He pushes back against me, nearly knocking me off my feet, 'So when are you going to come and visit, then?'
He gives a friendly whinny and trots off into the mist.
We walk back to the hut, with Enzo and Negrita charging around like crazy things, happy to see each other again after so long apart.


The kids are delighted that Trigger is here. He's giving them pony rides around the front lawn. The six kids, all up on top of Trigger together is one of those things I wish I had a camera for. I'll make a sketch of it later. Trigger is not so delighted. He has a dark cloud hovering over his head and is sending out sarky Unilangue messages.
Kids pony rides. Pah, and Oh, the shame of it. Trigger, the greatest horse in the West, giving pony rides, and Grumble, I'm just not this sort of a horse, grumble, grumble!
It'll do him good. 
He's ever so patient with the kids, who pull his mane and do their best to get under his feet. Once I can see he's reached his limit, I give him some carrots and gallop him along the beach and back, splashing through the waves and getting thoroughly soaked.

Vinny's found the white rings. He's pulled everything out of the drawer in my bedside table, probably looking for chocolate, and is sitting proudly in the middle of the bed wearing a white ring on each wrist as a bracelet. He touches them together, there's a blinding flash of white light and he's gone. I scream.
Sploop!
Castor lands on top of me, crushing me against the floor, with just my head sticking out. He swings his yellow tail around so I can see he's got Vinny.
'Thanks Castor, where was he?'
'In 1763, I dived in and got him before he got too settled. Time travel is tricky, another few seconds and we could have lost him. You must be more careful.'
'Castor, you're a star.'
He looks around at me with big soft eyes, blinking his long lashes bashfully.
'I can see your yellow bits,' I tease and tickle him. He's so ticklish. He drops Vinny and shakes and wobbles, letting out a deep rumbling giggle.
'Stop, stop, stop,' he pleads.
I stick my fingers tips into his yellow sliminess and give him another tickle.
Plop!
He's gone.

The clouds are settling in. They've spent all their energy chasing each another about in the autumn gales and now winter has arrived, the weather has settled down. We have a couple of stormy days with lots of wind and rain followed by bright, crisp sunshine for the rest of the week. Sometimes there's not a cloud in the sky.

'There won't be a Christmas on Camillo,' says Jesus.
'That's a bit rash, isn't it?'
'We'll still have my birthday on the 25th of December. This year I'll make it our house warming party, but for the residents of Camillo, I'm moving Christmas to the New Year and changing its name. It'll be the same; I'm just shifting the present giving and feasting to another day. I’m moving the winter solstice too because it’s all out of sync. Then the celebration will be the finishing of one year in people's lives and the start of another, with all the promise and opportunity that comes with it. It’s a much better thing to celebrate than some four thousand year old anode's birthday.'
He does have a point. 'How are you going to sell it to the people?' I ask.
'Me and Azziz are going to make a tour of the island and visit the people. We're filling up nicely now and by the end of the year should reach the target for Camillo's population. I'll be in human form and Azziz will stand in as me, no one will notice the difference, one alien reptile thingy is much the same as the next. People listen to Jesus, they worship him. I'll perform a few miracles to get their attention. I'll tell them that I'm leaving the running of the asteroid to this anode, who by chance is also called Jesus, and introduce Azziz as me.’
‘Got it,’ I say, struggling to get my head around what he’s saying.
'He'll say a few words about what we expect from the people and what they can expect from us. He'll explain the political system: the towns folk will vote for councillors and a mayor. The mayors will meet with me to discuss things and I will make the decisions. Democracy is a bloody nightmare so we'll take the best of it but have me in charge so things actually get done.'
'Good luck,' I say. 'People are tricky.'
'We'll warn them about slimeballs and the moons will give a demonstration of our firepower.'
'That should make them sit up,' I say.
'I hope so.'
'So,' I ask, 'if Christmas is the New Year what are you going to call it?'
'Zwingly.'
'It does have a nice ring about it, but won't it be confusing?' 
'No, no one here knows an asteroid called Zwingly exists.'
'Not yet, but where are your tourists going to come from? I'd keep calling it Christmas if I was you,' I say. 'Then you're just shifting the date, cancelling it all together won't go down well.'
'Okay, I'll try that and in five hundred years, I'll change the name.'
I love Jesus's long-term view of things.


 


28

Nelly is five on the 17th of December. Us girls have a few drinks the night before to celebrate my five years of motherhood. I might have thrown Nelly out the window on one occasion but I haven't lost or murdered them, yet. Annie and me end up on the roof at three in the morning singing and howling at the sentry moons as they pass overhead. I fall off and land in a bush then wake up slumped over the toilet with a thick head. My baby wakes me up, kicking and complaining inside me. I guess he doesn't feel any better than I do.

I face the kids’ party with about as much enthusiasm as a gaucho faced with a tofu and bean sprout salad. Feeling very delicate and just a little green, I keep having to visit the toilet. The kids are all excited and twice as loud as normal. I wish someone would turn the volume down. I'm not sure if I am going to survive another five years of motherhood.
Nelly is getting a bicycle for her birthday, with the idea that she can ride it to school. That'll get her out of my hair. I don't like the idea of training wheels so quietly slip them out of the package and let Enzo suck them in. By the time, three days later, that Nelly has finally mastered riding it, we've all got bad backs and Janice is lying flat on her front on the hard floor groaning while all six kids jump up and down on her back.
Nelly is dead keen on school. I'm a bit nervous. I haven't met any of the people yet. The last lot were all a bit odd. I could take the photon canon along, just in case, but it might not give the right impression. I can always kung fu the mums if they turn nasty and I know Castor and Pollux will be watching.

It's a frosty morning and the sun is just rising as me and Nel coast down the hill to Kastela, cross the drawbridge and enter through the huge studded gates. The school is just inside the walls of the town. It has a timeless, battered look as if generations of locals have done their schooling there. The people milling in the courtyard are all European, mostly white skinned but with a liberal sprinkling of black, Arab and Chinese. They're all really friendly, like people are when they arrive somewhere new. I immediately like the school. It's open and friendly and I can see straight away that Nelly is going to like it. A teacher shows us to Nelly's classroom and sorts her out with a desk and all the things she needs. Nelly starts playing with some of the kids, ignoring her mum completely.
I don't want to leave her. She's bound to need me for something. Her teacher, Mrs Malony, finally takes me by the arm and shows me the door. I sit in a cafe and cry. It's like I've lost an arm or a leg. My baby has left me; she's grown up and gone to school. The owner of the cafe is a lovely Italian, who has so far managed to pick up about four words of English. He gives me free coffee and I get the impression he wants me to marry his son, who is still in Sicily but should be here soon.
It's funny hearing the conversations at the other tables. Two mums with babes in arm are comparing scars and reliving their gory deaths, while a couple of Scotsmen complain about this weird heaven they've ended up in and whinge about the weather and the taxes.

I hang about in town all day, just in case Nelly needs her mum or something. I don't know how they'll contact me but that's not important, I'll be here just in case. I stroll around the port looking at the fishing boats and walk around the walls and look across the patchwork of orange roofs and out to sea. The time passes so slowly; surely she is missing me by now? I know she is. I wait outside the school gate for ages willing the clock on towards the final bell.
Riiiiiiiiiiing!
It finally sounds and kids scamper past screaming and yelling as they head for home. Nelly runs past as if I'm not there. Suddenly I'm surplus to requirements. I have to struggle to hold it together; I don't want her to see me in tears.
She is tired but exhilarated. We leave the bikes and I carry her home on my shoulders

Jesus's birthday is a lot of fun. It runs for over a week. We thought of making it exclusively for our friends but decided that that wasn't very welcoming for the new Camilleans, so it's an open invitation for all. We're just not telling anyone except those people we want to come, our friends.
We run a daily bus service from Zwingly starting on Christmas Eve and running through to after the New Year, with bicycles and horses available for those who want to explore the charms of Camillo. Jesus thinks it's a good way to kick off the tourist industry.

As the New Year approaches and word gets out, Camilleans start turning up and Azziz's gets really busy. To kick his new Christmas off with a bang, Jesus arranges a two day Dead Heads concert featuring the dead rock stars. Apart from Tat, I'm sure every resident of Camillo makes it along. Many of them walk along the beach to say hi to us and meet the kids. It's really neat, suddenly there's a change from them and us, to just us and our asteroid. Jesus has a certain knack for doing things properly. His dad will be proud of him, if he ever surfaces again
Azziz's becomes the cool hangout for the new residents. Who knows when you might glimpse a dead celebrity?

Annie and Janice are off chasing boys. They've been making the world tour, visiting a different town every weekend. They're the life of the party where ever they go and come back with hilarious stories of their misadventures. I'd love to go hunting with them but my aching heart is stopping me. I try taking a couple of paracetamol and going, but my heart is just not in it and I sneak home early.


 


29

The local football league has a team from each village and two from Kastela. There's actually two leagues, one for people and one for zinodes, playing by different rules. Teroid games are played first followed by the aerobatic zinode matches. There's kids soccer too. Nelly loves kicking the ball around so I sign her up. Her first game is so exciting. We've all come along, even Jesus and Azziz, and stand on the sidelines cheering. I'm so proud when she runs onto the pitch with her new maroon shorts and stripy jersey. All the kids run around in a big pack chasing the ball, even tacking their own teammates to get the ball. I get into a fight with the mum of a boy who ankle tapped her when she was going to score a goal. Janice has to pull us apart and give me a slap.
I have a nagging worry. Up to recently, being a mum has been a stay at home job, done on my territory, on my terms. Now Nelly is five she needs running to school and back every weekday, there's football practice twice a week and the game on Saturday. That's just for one kid doing one activity, with no away games and no friends. I'm worrying about what I've let myself in for with three kids and one on the way. 
Teleporting would make it a whole lot easier but I've been warned by Jesus not to. Anyone can do it; they just don't know it. Jesus would like to keep it that way because it would cause chaos if everyone was teleporting all over the place. Nelly and me get sneaky, especially if we're late or it's raining, and duck into the toilets or behind some bushes and click!

Nelly makes friends with Aurilie, a little French girl with orange hair. She's really cute and her dad's even cuter. They were killed in a car crash, so she doesn't have a mum, not here anyway. Her dad's often around and he's real keen on me, but my heart keeps holding me back. Then we get drunk and end up in bed together but it's not what I want and things get tricky for a while because he don't understand why I don't want to be with him. It would make so much sense and I'd love to have a man to cuddle up with, just not that one. Not for now anyway. I never was much of one for being sensible!

My baby is coming on. Mario is growing so big that he must be a boy. I have to have words with him because he kicks so hard. I'm thinking of going into the hospital to have him. I don't really want to though; hospitals are like where sick people go. There's nothing wrong with me and I might catch something nasty. I ask Dr Florence to come back. She's delighted and comes a couple of weeks early, just in case. It's a bit of a shock for all of us, like one of those programs on tele where the mums swap and you get a really strict Christian mum looking after the feral kids of gypsy family. She has us scrub the floors and clean the graffiti off the walls and that's just on the first day. After a week, the place is spotless, our nails are scrubbed and we're all sitting up straight at the table and eating our greens. There's a big chart on the wall for who does what chores. We get stars and stuff. Even Janice behaves and sulks when she doesn't get her star because the dishes are not stacked with the patterns lining up. 
It's quite a relief when Mario finally arrives and the routine's broken. He's a lively one and comes out screaming and kicking. I kick up a bit of a fuss as well. When Mario turns out to be a girl, we call him Maria for a day or two then his name changes to Josey Elizabeth, shortened very quickly to Izzy. The cicadas start singing the very day she's born so we decide to celebrate her birthday that day every year. It's much more fun than trying to remember a date. Dr Florence doesn't really approve.
Once my stitches have healed and I look like I'm coping, Janice and River take Dr Florence to Zwingly for a couple of weeks as a way of thanking her. Janice arrives back looking very pleased with herself.
'Yes,' she says, punching the air, 'I win! She's finally chilled. She's going to be staying in my beach house for a while.'


 


30

Luckily the school holidays start soon after Izzy is born and we don't have to go anywhere or do anything apart from what is needed to feed us and keep the household ticking over. We spend a lot of time in the garden, planting and weeding. They say many hands make light work but it doesn't seem to work like that with my kids. If I'm spending time with Nelly or Lilly, showing them how to plant corn or weed around the radishes, Vinny will be pulling up all the carrot seedling or burying the pumpkins and if I stop to give Izzy a feed, the others start fighting. Sometimes I wonder if we're best just to stay in and watch movies and buy all our food from the shops. It would certainly save Groucho Mum from yelling at the kids every two minutes.
It's great having Annie and Janice about but I could really do with some support, like a father for the kids or some grandparents, three or four of them would do just nicely.
The summer passes in a blur of pooey bottoms and stubbed toes. I wonder if our clouds have taken a holiday because we have hot, hazy, cloudless days for weeks on end. Finally on the day that Nelly goes back to school at the beginning of September, the weather breaks. The clouds pile up on top of each other forming angry thunderheads that grumble and complain, sending down torrential rain that floods the streams and turns the sea muddy brown.

I want to start kung fu again and get myself back in shape but there's just no way I can leave the kids for that long. Tat comes to see me.
'Emily, we're starting tomorrow.'
'But I can't, I can't leave the kids.'
'I'll be here mid-morning tomorrow,' he says firmly, and is gone.
He's not listening. He doesn't understand what a mum has to do.
Sure enough, he turns up next morning. 'Are you ready then?' he asks cheerfully.
'No, I'm not. I don't have a babysitter.' 
It's so frustrating when people don't listen.
'You don't need a babysitter; we're all doing kung fu.'
And we do. I'm not sure if we should be teaching the kids to fight but they love it. I don't know if I would go as far as call my kids Zen, but they're certainly becoming a bit more relaxed.

'Tat,' I say. 'You're wasted sitting up the hill in your shack; you should be teaching all the kids kung fu.'
'I was thinking the same myself. I've done enough thinking for a while.'
'You can build a hut up on the bluff if you like.'
'Thanks, I'd love that,' says Tat, resting his hand on my shoulder.

He builds a rough shack tucked out of sight up on the bluff. Negrita lives with him, I think she finds me and my kids too much. If I walk up there in the mornings he's often meditating or practicing his kung fu. He spars with Enzo and we sit on the edge of the cliff drinking green tea and trying to spot whales.
Sometimes he attacks me, coming out of nowhere and taking me by surprise.
'You must be more aware,' he says. 'That'll give you the element of surprise against your hidden attacker.'
'How?' I ask. 'I can't see you.'
'You must feel.'
If I try to feel, all I sense is the dull ache of my heart. Tat blindfolds me and has me walk to my cottage and back. I trip over and skin my knees and get lost in the sugar cane but eventually start to feel, to sense the energy and emotion of each living thing. The kids think it's a great game and we all walk around blindfolded bumping into things.
Tat sets up a kung fu school and becomes a teacher. It's great because he spends a lot of time with us. He's like a good natured granddad to the kids. 

Lilly and River become ballerinas. They scoot over to Kastela in their leotards with their hair piled up in neat bunches on top of their heads. The teacher, Madame Snowball is really strict and throws all us mum's out so we can't peek. The end of year production in the town hall is wonderful. Our little ones are clouds floating across the stage, but crash together and fall over. It's just too cute; it's the payoff for the four years of hard work it took to get them here.

Time is speeding up, I'm sure it is. They say it goes faster, the older you get. Nelly turns six, we have Jesus's birthday, new Christmas comes and goes, my birthday flashes by, and before we know it; it's spring. We decorate the house with cherry blossoms for Lilly's fifth birthday. She gets a pink tutu and we shower her with petals as she pirouettes about the place, spinning round and round until she gets wobbly and falls over.
River Star turns five a few weeks later and suddenly life gets a little easier with me and Janice sharing the school runs. With just four kids, the house seems empty during the day.


 


31

'Backgammon?' asks Castor. 'We haven't played in ages.'
'Maybe in my old age, Castor. I just don't have time. I'm a frazzled housewife, can't you see?' I say.
'You could drop by and say hi.'
'I'm too busy, there's the school run, soccer, ballet, laundry, cooking and I have a baby, if you hadn't noticed,' I rant.
'We'd like to see you,' says Castor calmly.
I must go and see them. My life has become so kiddicentric that I've forgotten about my friends. When I've fed Izzy and she's having her siesta, Annie babysits while I go visiting.
I see Pollux first. 
'Long time, no see,' he says.
'How long,' I ask, my sense of time having gone out the window long ago.
'Too long,' he says. 'It's over a year.'
'Life's got busy.'
'I can see. You should get a husband.'
'I wish,' I say, rolling my eyes skyward. My heart gives a pang.
'You're doing a great job, all three of you. You have wonderful kids.'
'Thank you,' I say, giving him a kiss and zipping across to see Castor.

I give Castor a big kiss.
'It's lovely to see you,' he says. 'You really must visit more often and do bring the kids. We love kids.'
I feel guilty. I really should have been up more often. They haven't even seen Izzy yet. I blame the kids. They're like a black hole that sucks my energy. I can't even think straight any more. I've got a brain like a goldfish.
Castor looks worried.
'What's up?' I ask.
'Earth,' he says.
Earth, I haven't spared it a thought. They're all praying away madly in their churches and mosques looking for guidance from me, and I'm up to my elbows in poo and dirty dishes. Don't they realise. It's tricky being a mum.
'Earth?' I ask.
'Things have changed. There's been a subtle shift. The air of optimism has gone. The weather has turned nasty, there's natural disasters and there's regional conflicts that threaten to turn into wars. People are dying.'
'Why?'
'We don't know.'
'What about Petra and her book?'
'Don't know, can't see.'
'Fat lot of use you are,' I say grumpily.
Castor looks really hurt.
Oops. 'So sorry Castor,' I say. 'I didn't mean it badly, I'm just out of sorts.' I give him a peck on the cheek.
He brightens up immediately. If only all of life's woes were so easy to fix.
'What about Shade?' I ask. 'He looked like someone going places. Is he running the place yet?'
'No,' says Castor. 'He has completely disappeared. He went off the radar a year ago. It's very strange because people don't just disappear, we know. He was on luxury yacht in Hvar when he disappeared; literally, just vanished into thin air. People don't do that.'
'I do,' I say, clicking my fingers.
Click!


 


32

I'm back in my cottage.
It's not only me that can teleport. I told Annie and Janice that Zeus gave me special powers, that's stopped them trying, but you can't pull wool over the kids' eyes so easily.
Blip!
Nelly, Lilly and River tumble on to the floor in their maroon and dark green school uniforms.
'Where's Janice,' I ask, when I've got over the surprise.
'She never turned up,' says Nelly.
Sounds like Janice. She gets side-tracked, she's lovely but sometimes it's like she's in her own little bubble. She'll meet someone and they'll fall in love or go and make music and she'll forget all about everything else, like River Star and my kids.
Nelly throws down her school bag, grabs a hand of bananas off the bench, gives me a quick kiss, then taking Lilly and River by the hand, says, 'See you later, Mum,' and disappears.
'Castor, where are they?' I demand.
'Give me a moment,' he says. 'Oh no! They're on Kojiki, the Jurassic asteroid.'
I grab the photon canon out of the wardrobe and, taking Annie by the hand, teleport.
Blip!

Sploop!
We are up to our armpits in mud and goop in a primeval swamp. It's really noisy, there's whistles and hoots and chirping. Big whistles and big hoots. Massive trees tower overhead, blocking out the sunshine, just a few beams breaking through the canopy and slicing down through the twilight. Bats flicker through the shafts of light, making ear-spitting whistles as they swoop down at us, claws at the ready.
I grab a palm fond and pull Annie and me clear. We wriggle out of the mud and dive into the safety of some roots. I blast a couple of bats. The others retreat making harsh screeches. 
'Heeelp,' whispers Annie.
There's a giant centipede crawling up her neck. I stab it with my fang. Then we dance around like mad things, screaming and trying to stomp on the other ones. We're in their nest. We scramble out into the open and bat each other to get rid of the centipedes then run through the jungle, pushing our way through giant ferns and bouncing across beds of moss. There's creatures nearby, I can sense them. It's so scary. We need to find the kids and get out of here.
We run out into a clearing, blinking as we try to see in the bright sunlight.
'Help me, Castor,' I yell. 'Get the moons to help.'
'Sorry Em, I can't. Part of the attraction of Kojiki is the risk. That's why it's so popular. Once you are there, you're on your own. Tourists pay a fortune to be allowed on the ground like you are.'
'Where are my kids?'
'I'm sorry, they won't tell me.'

A string of bubbles appear hovering around the tree tops. Tourists peer down at us taking photos.
Word is out that we're on the ground. We're probably being shown live on reality TV across half of the universe. A moon passes slowly overhead. 
'Don't mess with my kids,' I yell in its direction, and shoot it down.
I turn the power down a bit and point the canon at the tourist bubbles. 'Gunkai,' I snarl, firing some warning shots. A couple of bubbles crash to the ground; sending the rest of them scurrying quickly out of view.
'Gunkai?' asks Annie.
'Eff-off in Chinese.'

I hear distant squawking and look up to see pterodactyls circling high overhead. A few break formation and dive down at us. I blast them and they crash flaming to the ground. Raptors run out of the jungle and start fighting over the carcasses. More pterodactyls dive down uttering harsh squawks as they swoop at us. We run. I blast at everything that moves. Every toothy monster on the asteroid seems to be homing in on the action. There's tourist bubbles all around, trying to stay out of sight behind the trees. It's like a movie I once saw with all the Romans sitting in an arena watching the Christians battling with tigers and armoured giants with maces. Unfortunately we’re the ones about to get eaten.
'Gunkai,' I shout, blasting at them. I don't miss.

'Peel!' shouts Annie.
'Peel?' 
'Yes peel. Bananas!' she yells, pointing to the ground. 
The kids can't be far away.
'Nelly,' I yell.
Whooph!
I get knocked flying by a raptor. It spins around and pounces on me, swinging its razor sharp claws.
Blam!
It gets blasted out the way. Annie appears out of the smoke holding the canon. She helps me to my feet. There's blood all down my side, my arm has been slashed open. Trying to hold the wound shut with my other hand, we keep running, Annie blasting anything that comes near. 
I catch a glimpse of the kids up ahead, toodling along in their school uniforms eating bananas. River and Lilly look a trick still wearing their school bags. 'Nelly!' I scream. I stumble and fall. I'm getting weak. 
Annie swings around and takes out a pterodactyl that's diving on us.
I'm struggling to stay conscious. Nelly appears, looking down on me with a worried look on her face. 'Mummy,' she says. 'Hold my hand, Mummy,' and takes my hand.
Blip!

I wake up in the hospital. My arm is heavily bandaged and I have tubes sticking out of me.
An Indian doctor comes and examines me. 'You're fine, you can go.'
As I get up he adds, 'How did you do this, again?'
'I um...err fell through a plate glass window,' I answer.
'Well Miss Taylor, do take care next time. You nearly lost your life.'
'Thank you,' I say, kissing him on the cheek.

When we're home I go for a walk along the beach with Nelly.
'Promise me you will never do that again,' I demand.
'I promise,' she says, avoiding my eyes.
I don't believe her an inch. She's going to be trouble, that one. They all will.
'Nel,' I add. 'Thanks for saving me.'
She doesn't say anything but squeezes my hand and gives me a cuddle.


 


33

I start worrying about Earth. I'm sposed to be looking after it. Zeus said to do nothing but I do feel a bit responsible. Like, I didn't even look at it or spare it a thought for over a year. I make a cup of tea; get myself comfortable on the sofa and with a click of my fingers the worm appears on the front lawn. It's about time I checked up on the people I care about.

Dad is sitting at the kitchen table reading the paper. He's greyer and balder, looks thin and drawn and has worry lines.
He looks up at me, as if he knows I'm there, then shrugs his shoulders and goes back to his paper.
The headline on the front page reads, Killer Storm breeches Dutch Dykes 100,000 Dead, not very cheery. I walk round behind Dad and sit on the kitchen stool and read the paper over his shoulder. After lingering a long moment on page 3, he turns the page, Famine in Africa. As the pages turn I realise just how bad things are; Reactor Meltdown, Nuclear War in Korea, European Union Disintegrating, Civil War in America, UK Economy Collapse, Virus Knocks out Power Grid, and Supertanker Aground in Cornwall.

'Anything in the paper today, Dear?' asks Mum, coming into the room.
'Not really,' says Dad, 'Just the usual. It says there's a nasty bug going around.'
Mum has greyed and looks terribly thin, 'It might be what Toby's got; he's got a temperature and has been throwing up all morning.'
Mum shakes as she pours herself a cup of tea, spilling some on the bench.
I hear Toby sobbing, so go to see him. He's really sick. Even I can tell that. His breath is short, he has a temperature and he's bleeding from his nose. I rest my hand on his forehead and he looks up. I'm sure he can see me because he smiles weakly.
'I'll look after you Toby,' I say.
He closes his eyes.

'I'll go looking for food,' says Dad.
'Good luck,' says Mum, and I hear her giving him a kiss and the door clicks shut.

Vinny's face appears in front of me.
'Mummy! Vinny's climbed up the thingy,' shouts Lilly.
I jump up and catch Vinny's leg just as he topples into the worm. I don't want to be losing him into another dimension, not today.

I click my fingers to get rid of the worm and teleport up to see Pollux.
'Toby's dying,' I say, trying not to panic.
'No problem,' says Pollux, 'He'll be up here soon. He'll be in quarantine in the hospital for a couple of weeks.'
What a relief. 'Thank you, Pollux.' I give him a big kiss and get back down to sort my kids out.

I can't wait to see Toby. The two weeks takes forever. Time, which has been on fast-forward the last few years, suddenly goes in slow motion. I visit the slugs whenever I can and look down on Earth. Things are bad, really bad, like all the good that has been happening since Petra defeated Ariella has been undone and there are evil forces at work. There's got to be more than a bit of global warming and a weak dollar causing all this. But how? Has Petra turned evil?

I have the zinodes build another cottage next to mine, looking out to sea. I think we might be needing it.

When Pollux calls to say Toby's better, I go in alone. He's never seen me; Mum and Dad probably don't even talk about me much.
I'm almost scared to open the door to his room. When I get up courage, I go in and stand at the foot of his bed and we look at each other. He has the same blond hair and sparkling blue eyes as I had when I was eight. We look at each other for a long time, then he simply says, 'Emily.' 
He knows.
I borrow a wheelchair and push him back over the hill to my place. We don't speak. I'm sure he's still weak and there must be a lot to take in without me yabbering. When we arrive home I sit him on the sofa on the veranda where he can see the view.
Vinny comes out and says, 'Who dat?'
'Uncle Toby.'

Jesus doesn't have his birthday this year and new Christmas is a very subdued affair. The Camilleans don't know what is happening on Earth but we don't feel like celebrating.

I spend long hours up with the slugs watching. On top of the droughts and floods that are hitting everywhere, a killer computer virus has knocked out the Internet and computer systems around the world. People are starving


The only people who seem to be virtually unaffected are the Kalahari Bushmen and other remote tribes. Castor pulls up an image of a bushman. He wears nothing but a pair of battered old shorts and has a spear and bow and arrow slung over his shoulder.
'I saved this last week,' says Castor. 'I love it.'
We follow the bushman as he pussyfoots through the dry grassland. He's silent as a cat as he stalks some gazelle. He shoots one with his bow and arrow then sprints after it and finishes it off with his spear. He pulls out his cell phone and taps out a text, Gazelle. Put the pot on. Back soon XX. He pushes send and when the phone shows a No Signal message, he climbs up on top of a rock and tries again, holding the phone above his head to try and pick up the signal. 
'Stupid thing,' he says, and throws it away, slings the gazelle around his shoulders and trots off across the dry grassland.
'Nice to see not everyone is suffering,' I say. 'How's Ijju?'
'She's doing fine,' says Castor, zooming in on Algeria. 'Things aren't easy, but they're surviving.'
As the screen zooms in I see a heavily fortified compound with houses and fields inside. Soldiers patrol along the top of a rough wall that protects it and there's bunkers with rockets and antiaircraft guns.
'Saleem is looking after his people. He has plenty of water, camels and supplies and has shut himself off from the outside world. Here's Azulay,' he says looking inside a machine gun nest. He’s sitting with Yuba and Zam playing cards. They’re dressed in army fatigues and look healthy and happy.
'What about Ijju?' I ask.
'She's fine.' Castor pans across to a mud poo house. It's got a bit of plaster missing and a few recent bullet holes, but with the laundry flapping cheerfully in the breeze and a couple of kids playing outside, it looks a happy little home. Ijju is lying on the sofa having a siesta. As always, she looks beautiful. Azulay is such a lucky man having the two of us.

Next time I visit, Castor has a new screen.
'There were six and a half billion of you guys six months ago,' says Castor, flashing up his census screen, 'Now there's one and a quarter billion and counting down.'
'What!' I scream, 'You mean to say that five billion people have died?'
'Yes,' says Castor, 'It's not all bad, look at these figures.'
As the number next to Teroids counts down alarmingly quickly, most of the other numbers are going up. 'There's a bit of a delay before populations expand,' says Castor, 'but you can get the general idea that while people are dying off, just about everything else is flourishing. Dolphins were at twenty two million and are now up to twenty five; rabbits have gone from one billion to three, they're quick breeders; tuna from eight hundred million to a billion; locusts from one hundred billion to two hundred billion; and last but certainly not least, look at the slug population. We've gone from ninety nine million to one hundred and fifty million. Aren't we doing well?'
'So what you are saying is that the people dying off might be a good thing. It could even be the power of The Book working for good.'
'Yes, exactly. Look at the slug population, we're on a roll, we might take over your planet soon.'
'Ooh yuck!' I say without thinking.
'Careful what you say. We're got sensitive feelings, you know.'


 


34

I'm worried about Mum and Dad. I'm not going to wait for them to die. 
Toby keeps asking about them, 'When can they come to heaven?'
'Toby, this is not heaven.'
'But when can they come?'
'Soon,' I say, not wanting to commit to anything.

When the kids are asleep, I get the worm and have a look. Things are bad in Sheffield. It's like one of those movies when everything has gone to pot. There's cars and trucks stopped randomly on the roads and those that are moving have steel plates protecting the sides and a massive bumpers at the front. They drive slowly dodging burnt out cars and corpses. Packs of dogs roaming the streets, eating anything they can find, and armed men run from shadow to shadow. The only sounds are sporadic bursts of gunfire and the birds singing. The birds are really happy. At least someone is.
Our house is gone, just a burnt out shell remains
I find Mum and Dad, Danny and Julie in a basement. They're skinny and Dad looks gaunt, but they are alive and reasonably heath. They have a good supply of tinned food and water and Dad has a pistol. Annie's mum and a couple of our neighbours are with them too. They're playing gin runny by candlelight. The flickering light makes their gaunt faces look ghostlike and casts dark shadows against the walls, which jiggle about like demons waiting to strike.
They’re okay but they're not going to live for long. I should wait for them to die or get killed, but the rules have changed now, nobody is counting bodies anymore.
I watch the cards. Danny thinks he's going to win; he has most of his cards down and just needs a two to win. He picks up a king and throws it back out, not wanting to carry any high cards in his hand. Annie's mum picks it up. 'Gin rummy,' she shouts.
I click my fingers.
Click!

They tumble out of the darkness into my living room. I flick on the light. Dad points his revolver at me, firing a shot that skims my shoulder and shatters the window behind me. Danny crouches low holding a carving knife. I spin across the room, knocking the knife out of Danny's hand then back flip over the sofa kung fuing the gun clear of Dad's hand. It fires a shot knocking a big chunk down from the ceiling and filling the room with dust and plaster.
Toby comes running in, stops for a second to take in what's happening then shouts, 'Mum!' and gives Mum the biggest hug.
Everyone else stands immobile. The dust settles and people arrive, Annie and Janice and all the kids. Annie screams and embraces her mum.
Dad catches my eye and a big smile grows across his face. 'Emily!' he says opening his arms wide to welcome me.
'Heaven?' he asks.
'Hell no!' I say. 
I've been waiting so long to say that!


 


35

I forget completely about Earth for a few weeks. Mum and Dad are here, that's all that matters. They're delighted with their new house and somewhat surprised by the number of grandchildren I've produced.
'Who's the dad and when are we going to meet him,' demands Mum.
'Not telling and you're probably never going to meet him. He's a survivor.'
'So he's on Earth then?'
'Maybe. Not telling.'
'He is, he is,' says Mum gleefully, slowly working her way towards the truth.
We walk the kids to school and have fluffy cappuccinos in the Italian's cafe. Then I walk them around Kastela's magnificent walls and we have lunch in a fish restaurant down by the port.
I'm not quite sure what to tell them. Do I give them the same disinformation and half-truths that we tell everyone else or do I tell them the truth about God and Jesus? Do I tell them about me looking after Earth? I better not, everyone's dead. It's probably my fault.
I say as little as possible and try not to teleport in front of them. I threaten Nelly that I'll cancel her birthday if she does. She wriggles her cute little nose and smiles at me, then clicks her fingers and is gone. If she's ended up on Kojiki, I hope she gets eaten! 
Jesus has softened to popular demand and now there's a bus service around the asteroid. It runs Monday to Saturday then on Sundays there's no traffic, it's a day for biking. The cycle clubs get out early and travel in great packs, taking over cafes as they make a tour of the island. Families head out later, usually for a ride to the beach or the next town.
Zwingly’s Sunday afternoon jam session has moved to Azziz’s and there's a shuttle service that brings the Zwinglians across and gets then back again at the end of the evening. Posters appear around the island on Fridays to say who'll be playing. Surprisingly it's Beethoven and his composer mates who pull the biggest crowds.
The great thing with the buses is that the kids can get to the other villages to play soccer. Mum goes with Lilly and River to cheer them on in Kastela and Dad and me go on the bus with Nelly and her team. Danny, Julie and Toby stay home playing computer games; old habits die hard!
As we wind our way along the narrow roads and climb the hill to Deia, I point things out to Dad and tell him about some of my adventures around Camillo, of climbing to the top of Mt Ijju and sailing across the ocean with Zeus in our boat.
'Who's Zeus?' he asks.
'Zeus is God,' I say. 'I haven't seen him in a while.'
'Young lady,' says Dad smiling, 'you've got some explaining to do.'
'I spoze I do, but I'm not telling you now,' I say, poking him in the ribs to head the conversation into less tricky waters.
The match is wonderful, we scream and yell and cheer Nelly's team on. 
There's a nasty moment just before half time when a slimeball crashes to ground in the middle of the pitch. The kids are well drilled and run their fastest in different directions weaving and ducking as they go, then dive into bunkers and drain pipes. The slimeball comes straight at Dad and me. The look of horror on his face is priceless. I grab his hand and take a deep breath ready to teleport out.
Plumph! Blam!
A laser roasts the slimeball, quickly followed by a small torpedo that blasts it apart. Bits of smouldering slimeball go in all directions, plastering all over us. It gives me the creeps and an involuntary shudder goes through my body. 
Dad picks a still flaming piece off my jacket, blows out the flames and takes a bite. 'Delicious!' he says.
I'm glad he likes them. I don't want to start reliving my encounters with slimeballs, so just say. 'They're good aren't they?'
Play stops while everyone feasts on slimeball, then the players get back on the field and with a peep on the referee's whistle the match starts again. Nelly's team get absolutely trashed by the sporty Africans but it's such fun they don't mind losing, not too much anyway. 

Mum's complaining. It didn't take her long to start. 
'The tea, it just doesn't taste right. We need a decent teapot.'
'I've got one,' I say. 'We just have to find it.'
It's a bit far for the little ones, so Annie and her mum look after Vinny and Izzy. Nelly and Lilly take the day off school and come with us. I call Trigger and he arrives dragging his feet and grumbling, thinking it's for more pony rides. Mum jumps up onto him and off he goes at a canter up the beach. I don't think Mum has ever ridden a horse before and bounces around and screams a lot. Trigger is kind to her and somehow manages to keep her on board, despite her best attempts to fall off. Tat and Negrita come along as well. Negrita chases ahead then lies in wait and tries to ambush him by surprise. She's quick and gets the better of him most of the time. I'd love to let Enzo out too.
We stop at Azziz's for an organic bacon and egg breakfast. I see Jesus out surfing and realise that they haven't met him yet. I give him a cat whistle and he rides the next wave into the beach. They haven't met any anodes before and back away from the lizard like alien.
'It's Jesus,' I say. 'Don't be scared. He's my friend.'
Mum looks like she's going to pee herself. I give Jesus a wink and he turns into human form, flowing robe, halo and all.
Mum and Dad fall to their knees, Danny, Julie and Toby sneer, pretending not to be impressed. They do it so well that I make a note that I must take them to Kojiki, just to see their expressions when we meet some raptors.
'Mum, Dad,' I shout. 'It's only Jesus. Show a bit of respect and give him a hug.'
They get up and nervously embrace him. His good vibes rub off immediately and soon they're having a brandy in the bar. Jesus comes with us, fascinated to meet my parents and treating them with a reverence that's almost embarrassing.
As we splash up the stream, Mum pulls Trigger to a halt and whispers, 'Is he the Dad?'
'Is he black?'
'No.'
'Their dad is someone really special,' I say, as my heart gives a bit of a pang. 'Well to me anyway.'
'He'd better come out of hiding soon,' says Mum.

There's a national park that covers the mountains and the prairie then follows the stream down to the ocean. Its luminous water is kept pure and clear and lives up to its reputation as the best water in the Galaxy. 
'It's like drinking pure velvet,' says Mum. 'You ought to bottle it.'
'We do,' I say proudly.
'Where did this asteroid come from?' asks Dad.
'God created it,' I say. 'He did a good job, didn't he? He says it's his best.'
'When will we meet him? asks Mum, peering down from Trigger.
'He's off his...er...um-' I stammer. 'I mean, he's off the asteroid at the moment. You'll have to wait.'

We follow the stream up through the lemon and orange groves and the forest until we reach the prairie then head off through the long grass. Trigger can't help himself and gallops off ahead with Mum, who for all the screeches she makes, appears to be getting the hang of it. We walk for about half an hour until we're in the middle of the prairie.
'Whoa,' I shout. 'This is the spot.'
We stop.
'The teapot is here,' I declare. Not quite as sure of myself as I sound.
'Where?' asks Toby.
'It’s buried in the grass. Look around.'
We look, we rummage through the grass, we stomp around with our bare feet and close our eyes and think teapot.
If anyone can find it, it's Tat. 'Any ideas, Tat,' I ask.
'No, I'm beaten,' he says.
'Do you give up?' asks Pollux using God's voice.
My family start and look to the heavens.
'We give up,' I say. 'Where is it?'
There's a rustling in the grass at my feet and a teapot rises up slowly. I catch it, and give it to Mum, 'There's your teapot Mum.'
She lifts the lid and looks in. 'Yuck,' she screams dropping it. 'It's full of slugs.'
Tat cartwheels across and gently catches the teapot before it hits the ground.
'Mum,' I say. 'Be careful what you say about slugs around here.'
'Emily, this is too much,' she says, then adds sarcastically, 'What is it with slugs? Is a giant slug going to attack me?'
'Well, yes!' I say laughing. For some reason, I don't think she takes me seriously.
We lay out a picnic blanket and have a delicious lunch of freshly baked bread and lots of yummy things I picked up in Kastela this morning. I carefully slip the lettuce leaves out of my sandwich and give them to the slugs as I shoo them out of the teapot and into a new home under a rock. I try not to touch them, they're so yuck!

With Mum and Dad here, my kids have grandparents. They can babysit and I can go out on the town with the girls. I don't feel like it though, not with all those people dying on Earth. I need to do my job and look after Earth. That's what Zeus saved me to do.
I don't know what to do. I go up to the moons and look at the latest disasters and watch the population tumble. It's plummeting. While I've been poncing about looking for my teapot, it's dropped to half a billion. I need to do something and I don't know what.


 


36

In the morning I'm awaken by a firm and familiar knock on the door. I jump out of bed, pull my clothes on and open the door. Zeus is there. He's in human form and is looking fantastic. He's standing tall and proud, and positively glowing with strength. 
'Emily,' he says, giving me the biggest hug.
I hold him for a long moment then say, 'Breakfast.'
'Is the Pope a Catholic?' he says.
'I take that that's a yes.' I say, nipping inside and putting the kettle on.
We sit out on the sofa and soak up the morning sunshine. Izzy comes out and jumps up on Zeus's knee, and tries her best to charm him into playing. He's having none of it; he's got things on his mind. We eat breakfast in silence.
'Earth,' says Zeus, sipping on his tea, 'is in trouble. Hades is there.'
'Shade?' I ask. 'Smooth talking, dark glasses, designer suit.'
'Sounds like him.'
'He's missing.'
'We need to find him.'

'It's him,' says Castor, a few minutes later. 'That rat Renard left a trail of false information. He's led us up the garden path, changing information and blocking data. We're just going back over everything with his signature on it. Here's something. Petra's husband Angelo is back home on Salina, he's been there for over a year.'
Zeus clicks his fingers and a rather startled looking Italian balancing a young boy on his shoulders appears in front of us. He looks at us in disbelief.
'Angelo, io sono Dio,' says Zeus in Italian. 'Abbiamo bisogno del vostro aiuto. Volete un caffè?' Then turning to me, says, 'Em, two espressos please. Use the strongest capsules.'
I nip inside to get the espressos. While the machine's warming up I wake up Janice and Annie with, 'Can you hold fort for me; I've got work to do?'
Janice mutters something that I take as a yes and snuggles back under her covers.
Annie says, 'No probs, do take care Em.'
When I take out the espressos, Zeus says, 'Angelo says that Shade arrived on Mulo fifteen months ago. He seduced Petra. Angelo says she sent him and their boy off in the lighthouse's sailing cutter in the dead of night, saying, 'Angelo, you must go, take Stephano and take good care of him. I will love you always'.'
'How sweet,' I say.
Zeus has no time for my pleasantries. 'Sweet? Hades has somehow got the power of The Book and is using it to destroy the teroids.'
I click my fingers and are up with Pollux. He's got the more powerful moon.
'Hi Em,' he says. 'I'm working on it.'
Half a minute later he mutters, 'Piffle,' under his breath.
'What was that?' I ask.
'There's slimeballs down in the Amazon Basin. We've deployed Hither and Thither in their fighters. They're mopping up now.'
The moon swerves sharply to the left and picks off a couple of slimeballs. 'Slimeballs,' he mutters angrily. 'One of these days I'm going to go to Tartarus and blast their factory to kingdom come!'
'I wish you would,' I say.
'Mulo,' says Pollux. 'We need to know what's happening but we can't see.'
'Can't we just go and look, like knock on the door and walk in?' I ask.
'It would be a suicide mission,' we need information.
'There must be someone who's seen what's happening on the island,' I say. 'What about the bugs and the bees?'
'Good idea; bats and swallows,' says Pollux. 'We're onto it.'
Five minutes later, he brightens up, 'Yes, we're getting data. They are sending memory bytes. We're piecing the jigsaw together, slotting the pieces in. We'll be there soon.'
Zeus arrives with Izzy hanging around his ankle. He tries to shake her off but she giggles and hangs on.
'I can't get rid of her,' he says.
I laugh, 'She's a bit a clingon.'

'Here we go,' says Pollux. 'I'll just show the main bits.' The view of Camillo disappears and his screen shows images from Mulo. The picture is 3-D but jumps around with a constantly changing viewpoint. 
'Brilliant,' says Zeus. 
The first image shows Petra and Shade standing up on the lighthouse. They're holding hands but she appears scared, very scared and very pregnant. The next scene is her giving birth, out in the courtyard with Mario and Jasmina helping. I come over all funny just watching, reliving the pain. But that's nothing compared with what comes next.
It's about a week later and they're having a special dinner in the garden to celebrate the new baby. Mario and Jasmina are sitting holding hands; their twins who must be about ten years old are sitting next to them, then Petra and Shade, who is, as always, wearing his sunglasses. Shade takes the young baby from Petra and stands up to make a speech. The footage is a bit broken with bits missing but we get a clear enough image to see what happens.
'The arrival of this new baby is a very special occasion in more than one way,' he says lifting his glasses and looking at the baby. His eyes glow red.
'It is Hades,' shouts Zeus.
The baby screams. 
Shade transforms into an anode. 
The humans jump up. In a flash Jasmina is pulling out a throwing knife, Mario is raising a gun and Petra has her bow out and is drawing back an arrow.
Hades sweeps his hand around and they all turn to stone. 'Not so quickly,' he says, chortling to himself. 'Take your time.'
Then he eats the baby. Alive! It kicks and screams as he munches on it.
I throw up all over Pollux's moon. It's the grossest thing I've ever seen. To make it worse, the human statues are watching. Their eyes are alive and seeing. They stand tortured, watching, but unable to help.
Zeus slams his fist against the side of the moon, knocking me off my feet and making Izzy cry, 'Damn!' he bellows. 'Evil, just like his father.'
'Your father,' corrects Pollux.
'Don't remind me!' shouts Zeus.

Once the baby is gone, Hades wipes the blood off his face with a serviette and chortles to himself. He holds out his hand and The Book rises from its hiding place in the roots of the olive tree and floats across into him. He holds it high above his head and shouts, 'Now the power of The Book is mine. Earth belongs to the Titans.' Lightning shoots up from The Book into the sky.

'Whoa,' I say, lost for words.

The next scenes are from the last couple of months. Hades has rearranged the human statues around the courtyard to give them a good view and sits at the table with his precious book, opening it and writing in a quill pen. When it closes it, bolts of lightning shoot up to the sky, harbingers of disaster.
'This is just coming in,' says Pollux. The image is crystal clear and seamless. Hades is talking to Petra, with his nose just inches from hers, 'My beauty, my lovely, innocent, naive Petra, my granddaughter!' He rumbles with laughter, 'Yes my granddaughter. You are about to help me finish life on Earth; to wipe the slate clean. I might just let you live long enough, if the radiation doesn't kill you first, so that you can meet my side of the family, the Titans. We are going to party until the Ozone is gone, then use the wasted planet as our home.
'You, my dear, will send the order to fire the missiles. You'll enjoy that, won't you? Signing the death warrant for Earth.'

'We need to do something. NOW!' I shout.
I pick up Izzy, grab Zeus's hand and click my fingers.
Blip!
We're back on my front lawn. 
Blip! Blip!
Jesus and Azziz arrive.
Jesus clicks his fingers.
Blip!
Tat arrives, holding a staff, his weapon of choice.
I run in and grab my photon canon.

We are just about to go when Mum and Dad come running around the corner.
'What's going on?' screeches Mum.
I spin round and blast a couple of slimeballs out of the sky, before Pollux can get a shot in. I'm in no mood for messing today.
'Mum,' I order. 'Take care of the kids.'
'Ready?' asks Zeus. Him, Jesus and Azziz all change into anode form.
'Ready,' we say, and are gone.


 


37

 We tumble to the ground in the walled garden on Mulo.
'Darn kid,' curses Zeus, standing up and trying to shake Izzy off his ankle.
She giggles. I grab her and duck behind the nearest cover. Lightning bolts fly in all directions, smashing holes in the walls and setting trees on fire. Then all goes quiet. I wait for the smoke and dust to blow clear then giving Izzy my fang to play with, I whisper, 'Stay there, don't say anything; don't do anything. I'll be back.'
She smiles at me.
I scamper across to behind the statues, sure that Zeus and his sons will have finished off Hades.
'Oh do come out my dear,' says Hades, in a sickeningly playful voice. 'Come and see your friends.'
There's no point in hiding. Me coming out might give Tat an opening. I stand up and walk out into the courtyard. The immobile bodies of Zeus, Jesus and Azziz lie smoking on the ground at the feet of the statues. If only I could bring the statues back to life.
Hades is standing by the table with his book. He looks at me with his evil red eyes.
I relax, I think Zen. I click my fingers. It happens in a flash. The statues reanimate. The twins run away, as the knife, arrow and bullet find their mark on Hades forehead. He staggers back.
Yes! We got him.
He staggers forward as another volley hits him. He sweeps his hand to turn his attackers back to stone and laughs, a deep rumbling laugh. 'Wonderful, Emily my dear, you are a feisty one. I'm so glad you came.'
Faster than he can see, the photon canon is in my hand and I blast and blast him, knocking him back against the wall. I keep blasting until it runs out of charge. He straightens himself out and gives a little shake like a wet dog, 'Oh Emily that was good.' He lifts his hand and the canon is torn out of my grip and flies over the wall. Will nothing stop him?
'Now Emily, I'm so glad to have you in the audience. Let's get down to business; we've got your planet to destroy. Petra, my dear, I need you to sign The Book.'
Petra's statue walks stiffly across to the table. I can see in her eyes that she's fighting every step of the way. When she reaches the table, Hades opens The Book and flicks to the right page. He places a pen in Petra's hand and says, 'Now, sign here my dear.'
I see a flicker out of the corner of my eye as Tat cartwheels across the courtyard swinging his staff. As he reaches Hades, a bolt of lightning hits him, sending his flaming body spinning over the wall.
'This is getting a little annoying,' says Hades. 'Is anyone else coming to the party?'
Izzy lets out a little cry and toddles into the courtyard. 'What is this?' laughs Hades. 'Breakfast?'
My blood boils, I charge towards Hades, pulling my arm back to strike. At the last moment, the fang appears in my hand and I sink it into his throat.
Blood spurts out.
'What was that?' exclaims Hades, putting a hand to his neck. 'Emily, you are testing my patience. First we sign The Book, then I have breakfast.'
He raises his hand and a lightning bolt knocks me back across the courtyard. My body is torn and burnt but I refuse to lose consciousness. This monster is not eating my Izzy for breakfast. Over my dead body he will!
I can't move, The Book will be signed in a few seconds. It's all over.
Something nudges me, again and again. It's in my pocket. Summoning the last of my strength I reach my hand in and flick open the cage with my fingertips. The last thing I feel is the cold sensation of Enzo brushing past my hand.


 


38

I wake up on the sofa on my veranda. It's the middle of the night. I feel like I've been asleep for a thousand years. My body is numb and aches all over. I remember Mulo and being hit by Hades's lightning bolt. I should be dead. I feel a breath of cold pass down one leg. It reaches my toes, then turns and comes back up. I give an involuntary shiver as it passes over my groin, then it crosses my stomach and up to my arms. It slowly moves over my whole body, round and round and round, sucking out the toxins, healing me and giving me new energy. Once it's finished, it snuggles into my pocket. I reach in and close my palm on Enzo and bring him out where I can see him. I watch his gently glowing surface with its swirls of orange lava then pull him close and give him a kiss, his fiery surface burning cold on my lips. 'Thank you Enzo,' I say. 'Thank you for taking care of me.'
He gives a barely perceptible shake, just a little shimmy, emits a few rays and tucks himself back in my pocket.

When I reawaken in the morning, I'm under attack. I'm being pulled and tugged in all directions.
'Mummy, mummy, mummy, mummy, MUM, wake up!' yell my attackers.
My eyes flicker open and there's my kids, all four of them. 
'Mum, mum, are you okay? We thought you were dead,' they say, jumping on me and giving me a lots of hugs.
'I was dead,' I say, 'but I'm back with you now. Someone special has been looking after me.'
'Tea mum, tea,' they say pushing a steaming cup of tea into my hand.
'Toast for Mum,' says Vinny's little voice, 'I made it.'
I struggle around to a sitting position and drink my tea; savouring every golden sip.  

Mum and Dad come to see me.
'Oh, thank God you're alive,' says Mum. 'When we found you last light, you looked dead. That horrible black kitten was sitting on you, guarding you. It was ferocious, it snarled and scratched and blew fire at us. It wouldn't let us near.'
'That's Negrita,' I say, laughing. 'Isn't she adorable?'
'Not at all,' says Dad, holding up a badly scratched hand. His shirt sleeve is burnt and the hair singed off his arm.
'We were going to call an ambulance but a voice from above told us to leave you alone, that you'd be okay. It must have been God.' says Mum.
'No, Zeus got zapped; it was probably Castor. He keeps an eye on us.'
'Me too!' calls Pollux.
'Pollux too, the two of them watch over us and protect us. They're always there to help.'
'Like God.'
'Sort of, but they're more useful. I'll take you to visit them sometime. They love visitors.'

Zeus arrives, in human form, wearing a long flowing robe. He makes himself a cup of tea and sits down beside me. 'I feel like I've been run over by a bus,' he says, stretching painfully.
'I know the feeling,' I say. 'I'm having a bit of a shaky start myself.'
'Emily, I don't know how you did it, but Hades is defeated and The Book destroyed.'
'Girl power,' I say, looking into his greeny-brown eyes. 'What happened?'
'That's what I should be asking you. When I regained consciousness, Jesus and Azziz were still down on the ground. I freed the statues and they told me what happened, how you tried everything and got beaten by Hades at every turn, about Tat's attack and you being zapped by Hades' lightning bolt. Petra said that all was lost and she was signing Earth's death warrant when a small black glowing ball appeared in front of her. Hades swiped at it but when his hand touched it, it sucked him and The Book in. No drama, just a gentle plip and he was defeated and that darn book destroyed. The ball then went over to you, tucked itself in your pocket and you disappeared.'
Zeus looks into my eyes and smiles. 'Plip?' he asks.
I reach into my pocket and gently open Enzo's cage. Enzo flies out, circuits around my head a couple of times, then shoots across the lawn. Negrita springs out of long grass and wrestles him to the ground. He shakes himself free and they chase off along the beach playing happily.

'That's Enzo, I say. 'He saved my life.'
'He did a little more than that,' says Zeus, smiling. 

After we've had breakfast, Zeus says, 'You've done a great job of Camillo, I couldn't have done it better myself.'
'It's not my doing, it's your son Jesus.
'Get off. No way!'
'Yes, Jesus is running it.'
'Well, I'll be, I never thought I'd see the day!' says Zeus, twiddling with his beard.

I spend the day curled up on the sofa, trying my hardest to do nothing. Mum and Dad walk the kids along the beach to the cafe to get them out of my hair. I see Jesus pass them, coming the other way arm in arm with a tall, elegant anode. She looks pregnant.
'Emily,' he says, introducing us. 'This is my friend, Valeria.'
'Congratulations,' I say, giving her a kiss on both cheeks, 'It's wonderful to finally meet you. I hope he didn't keep you waiting too long.'
She rolls her eyes to the heavens, 'Just a couple of thousand years!'


 


39

Having kids, there's not a moment to sit back and gather my thoughts. I'm dragged back into the routine of daily life, of cooking and laundry, of running them to school and soccer practices, and telling them bedtime stories. Zeus comes round for breakfast every day, just like he used to. He gets to know me again and meet my family and my kids, and his grandkids too. He’s gained a few of them while he’s been away. He's always said how cold and unemotional he is but, from what I can see, he positively adores them.
'Sorry for being gone for so long,' he says, apologising for the last few years. 'When you were first pregnant I thought that it was my sons' fault.'
'And what would have been so wrong with that?' I demand. 'You sons are wonderful. They're quite a catch for any girl.'
'Nothing. I just thought that they weren't good enough for you. I felt like I needed to protect you. You're special.'
'Thank you.'
'I can see by your kids beautiful dark skin that it wasn't my sons' doing. Emily, you're full of secrets, who's their dad?'
'I hope you'll meet him someday. He's needed elsewhere at the moment.'
'Full of secrets and surprises,' he says.
'You'll just have to wait.'

Jesus arrives carrying Tat under one arm. He's life sized and beautifully sculptured in bronze. Jesus stands him up on the lawn, looking out to sea, poised, ready to defeat an unseen enemy. At his feet is inscribed:
Tat Moh 
The Father of Fung Fu
493 - 2020
He died saving Earth

'We need to find a place to put him, where he'll be happy,' says Jesus. 
'He'd make a good coat hanger with his hands sticking out like that. I've got just the place for him, inside my front door,' I say. 'Let's put him there while we have an espresso.' I check the coast is clear and click my fingers. By the time we've finished our coffees the kids have Tat wearing a floral dress, straw hat and sunglasses. He does look funny. It's tempting to put him on the top of the bluff or the summit of Mt Ijju, but a statue really needs to be seen, so he ends up parked in Kastela, sharing a square with a gurgling fountain and a naked nymph. I'm sure they'll get along just fine. I'm going to miss having him around. The slugs are on the lookout for a new kung fu master but true ones are few and far between.


Zeus takes me on a tour.
First stop is Pallas. From afar it looks a bit like Earth, with continents and oceans and swirling weather formations.
'It looks like Earth.' I say.
'It's the ark,' says Zeus. 'Camillo was my dummy run, this is the real thing.'
When we get closer, I can see what he means, it's teaming with life, life from Earth. There's rain forests and deserts, prairies and tundra, patchwork farmlands and busy cities. We stop and have an espresso in a big city. It's much like Earth, except that everything is electric, so no nasty fumes from the buses. The Chinese waitress who brings our espressos is ever so sweet and shy.
'How do you like it here?' asks Zeus.
'Velly much,' she replies. 'Free hot choccy and donuts on Tuesday.'
I'm sure he meant, How's the asteroid but she seems happy with her lot.
We take off again and fly slowly along a wild surf beach, skimming just above the wave tops. This asteroid is truly spectacular.
'All this while I thought you were on Isora, high on ozone searching for the answer,' I say, impressed with what he has achieved.
'I was,' says Zeus. 'But I finally got up courage and called The Shrink.'
'Freud?'
'Yes Freud,' says Zeus. 'I think I've been his biggest challenge, but look at me, I'm off ozone and back to my former self.'

'What about Earth?' I ask as we travel across the solar system to Zeus's asteroid, Isora.
'What about Earth.' says Zeus. 'It's probably the best thing that ever happened to it; a new start, a new opportunity. Plant and animal life is flourishing.'
'Should I be doing anything?'
'No, just keep an eye on it. Let the people make their own destiny.'
Suits me. I've got my hands full on Camillo.

I don't recognise Isora at first. Last time I visited, it was parched desert, with a few dead trees and a toxic atmosphere. Now it's covered with tall grass, waving in the breeze. We come down to land in front of a cottage set in a small copse of trees, smoke is rising from the chimney and a lady anode comes out to meet us. She gives Zeus a peck on the cheek then turns to meet me.
'Emily,' says Zeus. 'This is my wife, Hera.'
She looks me in the eye with deep brown eyes, soft and motherly, yet sharp and alert at the same time, and embraces me. I feel the warmth of her spirit pass through my body. She's a true goddess.
'Delighted to meet you,' I say.
'My pleasure,' she says. 'It's wonderful to finally meet you. Zeus talks about you so often that I get quite jealous.'
'I'm sure he has been despairing of me,' I say, thinking of all the trouble I've caused.
'Not at all,' says Hera. 'A cup of sweet, milky tea and an Afghan, that's it, isn't it?'
'Perfect,' I say.
We sit in their garden and make girls talk while Zeus tends to his roses. She's quite a girl, this Hera. I invite her to come for a girls’ night out with Annie and Janice. I can see us having a lot of fun together.
'I'd love too. Zeus keeps ever so quiet about his asteroids. I've never heard mention of Zwingly before!'
Moo, moo, mooooo.
There's a lot of mooing going on.
'Zeus,' I say. 'Your cow, does it need milking or something?'
'She wants to see you.'
'Me?'
'Yes, you!'
Picking a large bunch of grass and clover as I go, I follow the mooing to its source. It's Daisy! She's happy to see me. I feed her grass and give her a brisk massage, digging my fingers in until she wriggles in ecstasy.
Her asteroid, Panacea, got completely built up until there was no grass left, so she's moved here to be Zeus's house cow. 

'What about the Titans?' I ask Zeus as we head back to Camillo.
'They've had their fingers burnt,' says Zeus. 'They shouldn't be giving us any trouble for a while.'
'I hope not,' I say.


 


40

Castor calls me up to his moon. 
On his screen he shows Zula kissing Ijju and his kids goodbye and mounting his camel ready to head out into the desert.
'It's a special caravan to reopen trade routes,' says Castor. 'They don't know what they are letting themselves in for. The desert is full of warlords with pickups and warplanes. There's no place for the Tuareg camel trains anymore. They'll all be killed. 
My heart twinges as we watch the camel train leave the heavily fortified compound and strike out into the desert. 

Jesus and Azziz arrive along the beach kicking a football. 
'We're just back from Mula,' says Jesus. 'We dropped Angelo back down and got side tracked.'
'Side tracked?' I ask.
'There was a lot of tidying up to do and they were all a bit shaken by what happened. They didn't really want to live there anymore.'
'I'm not surprised,' I say. 'It was the most horrible thing I've ever seen.'
'That Angelo is a lucky man,' says Azziz, changing the subject. 'Petra is delicious!'
'Don't even think about it Azziz,' I chastise, 'You have all these lovely babies running around here and you are eyeing up someone else's girl!'
'I was just appreciating her,' says Azziz.
'Will you ever grow up?'
'Probably not,' he answers.
At least he's honest about it.
'I'd love to spend some time with Petra,' I say. 'I'll go and visit her sometime. It must be so lonely for her down there.'
'We could visit her now,' says Jesus.
'Now?' 
'Why not?'
'The kids, I don't want to leave them.'
'Bring them,' says Jesus, pulling the creepers off my sailing dinghy, flipping it over and pulling it down the beach.
We rig up Olive and push off from the beach, with Lilly and River coming along as crew. It's wonderful to have the sails up and get her skipping along through the waves again. I can't remember the last time I went sailing. I was probably before I had kids.
Jesus won't tell me where we're off to. We sail around the headland towards Kastela and stop at the little island with the lighthouse.
'Mula,' says Jesus, as we pull Olive up on the beach.
'Don't you mean Mulo,' I say, correcting him.
'No Mulo is on Earth, this one's Mula,' he says.
A small boy comes running out through an open gun port followed by a girl with wild red hair. Petra! 




41

I can't sleep. I'm worried about Zula. He's been gone for a week now; I hope he's all right. I've been up all night, sitting out on the sofa, watching the stars and the sea. Every time a shooting star streaks across the sky, I make a wish. Always the same wish. Dawn arrives and the sun rises out of the sea, painting my asteroid red and orange with its fiery brush. The dull ache in my heart that has dogged me for years has grown stronger and is burning, egging me on.
I click my fingers and the worm appears on the front lawn. I close my eyes and find myself hovering above the caravan, looking down with eagle eyes. The sun has just risen, giving the camels long black shadows that follow them across the orange dunes like giant spiders.
Zula is at the back. He carries his father's rifle but it's not going to help him much in the ambush that lies ahead, just over the ridge. He’s going to die.
He looks up to the heavens as if he senses me watching.
I want him up here, with me.
Now!
It's about time the kids had a dad.
Just one little click of my fingers and he'll be here.

Click! 


The End


 
If you enjoyed reading this story or would like to post some feedback, please take a minute to rate it.

writetovigrim@gmail.com

Also published by Vi Grim
Emily Taylor Book 1- Abducted
Emily Taylor Book 2- The Slave Girl
Emily Taylor Book 3 – The Apprentice


