
DeathCo 
(Tales From the Patchsphere)

by Kevin Donohue





DeathCo (Tales From the Patchsphere) 
by Kevin Donohue

All characters, places, organizations, applications, and events appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, or real places, organizations, applications, and events, is purely coincidental.

Copyright 2014 by Kevin Donohue
ISBN: 9781310251313 

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.









Author's Note:
Some of the characters in DeathCo first appeared in the novels Third Eye Patch and Third Eye Patch Part 2: Flight of the Grasshopper, by Kevin Donohue and Mark Lind-Hanson. DeathCo is a companion novel of the THIRD EYE PATCH series, but it can be read and enjoyed entirely on its own. If you have not read Third Eye Patch Volumes One and Two, the introduction by Boffin Syznic in this volume will more than sufficiently fill you in on important names and details and set the stage for DeathCo.
Thank you!


Many thanks to Mark Lind-Hanson, KM Bullock, and Mike Donohue.



Table of Contents

Introduction by Boffin Syznic
Patchling
Prologue
1) Litigations, Water Balloons, and Mongoose
2) Devils and Englishmen
3) Combustion and Succession
4) Sea Stories and Evil Princes
5) Anatomy of a Harpy
6) LA Interlude
Rewind (1)
7) Frog and Bone
8) The Heart of Mongoose
Rewind (2)
Stories You May Have Missed This Week
9) Baldenbird
10) Vlad's Blues
We Will Be Right Back After This Station Break
11) Energy Games
12) Tibetan Interlude
13) End Games
The Fallen

Gidget's Trial
DeathCo Notes and Memos
The Prince and the Sea
Anatomy of a Harpy (2)
KA
Waiting For Shiva





Introduction: The Third Eye Patch and How to “Run With The Yak”

My name is Boffin Syznic. One year ago I was a well-known electronics billionaire, creator of the Tigerlily Chip, and co-founder of the Third Eye Patch, not to mention an outlaw domestic terrorist, according to the United States Government. What a resume! 
These days I am an otiose old codder, wasting away in this rundown clinic down in old Mexico. I look positively pathetic, don't I? Here I lay, peaceful as a cadaver, attached to a ventilator under an array of hydration and nutrition tubes. A dialysis machine sits unplugged and forgotten in the corner. My room isn't much to look at, but the view from the window is magnificent, with an incredible vista of rocky crags and rolling hills of cacti and sagebrush that slope down to the distant blue Pacific. Paradise with an ocean view. Just the place for a comatose old man, hovering between life and death.
My nurses whisper together in Spanish, and sometimes I can follow their conversations if I have a mind to. I truly love these dedicated women who wear the Third Eye Patch, bless their hearts. They honestly believe that they are doing the right thing as they move me around from place to place, always one step ahead of the Mexican authorities. I really can't blame them, because after all, the United States Government did try to blow me up with that bomb, in the name of National Security. Presidents do come and go, but can any of them ever be fully trusted? My old friend Dr. Chandra Madras certainly didn't think so, and took great pains (and a lot of my money) to keep me below the Government's radar.  
Chandra's nurses are very loving and loyal, and I will never forget their kindness and dedication. Unfortunately, poor old Chandra is no longer with us, and these kind and brave souls are now operating in the dark. They whisper anxiously among themselves: “Que hacemos ahora?” 
What do we do now?
Head Nurse Maria is very worried about her 16 year-old son Pablo, who has left home to join Generalissimo Ernesto Gillis and his Gritando Lagarto Frente de Liberación rebels. I also know that pretty young Esmeralda’s husband Roberto drinks too much, and gives her the back of his hand when he is deep in his cups. So much sadness. I can only hope and pray that Esmeralda, Maria, and the others are fortunate enough to become acquainted with the Nous, discover the OuterNet, and 'Run with the Yak'.
The OuterNet is what I call this dimension of expanded consciousness that people like myself experience when they don and wear the Third Eye Patch for prolonged lengths of time. Michael 'Grasshopper' Chen, the inspiration for the Patch, prefers to call it 'Communing with the Nous'. Mike and a few others visit me from time to time, but always return (as they must) to their 'real' existence in the mundane material world. As for myself, I reside here in this expanded dimension, my Aboriginal Dream Time, possibly because I was wearing an advanced experimental application of the Patch when I abruptly slipped into my coma. That's my theory, anyway.
My dear wife Mimi is also a resident of this ethereal space, although (just like me) she is neither here nor there or anywhere at any given moment. The poor old girl also lies in a coma, although hers was induced by an evil man who drugged her with sleeping gas. Mimi swears that she has no regrets, and absolutely refuses to view her own comatose body currently interned at an exclusive modern clinic in Berkeley, California. 
“What's the point?” she tells me whenever we get together to swap traveling tales. Mimi has always been a no-nonsense gal, and a much better scientist than yours truly.
I don't see very much of Mimi these days because she prefers to explore the inner spiral arm of our galaxy where the singing stars and ever-expanding clouds of gas flicker like fireflies on a summer evening. Now, I'm no slouch at wandering, mind you, but I find myself returning every so often to linger here on this small green garden planet of ours, the only place in the galaxy (as far as I know) where carbon-based life and awareness awoke and rose up from the primordial seas. I have seen many wondrous worlds throughout my travels, but none of them can even compare with this little old ball of rock and ice that meanders around this insignificant star, way out here in the backwaters of the Milky Way Galaxy. I come and go as I please, and frequently visit my pitiful old carcass down here in Mexico, but more often than not, I find myself strolling across the empty plains of Tuva under endless skies of deepest blue. 
Both Mimi and I have made peace with the fact that we may die at any time, although MY comatose body appears to be hanging in there quite stubbornly—maybe because of the ever-present Third Eye Patch that rides upon my forehead, which my kindly nurses never forget to change every thirty days, bless their hearts. 
Chandra's massage and water therapy regimen hasn't produced any measurable circulation increase in my lower extremities, but my liver and kidneys are stable. By all rights, I should be dead.
When I look back at my life, I cherish the memories, and like my better half Mimi, I have absolutely no regrets. I am content to Run with the Yak and count my blessings. The Universe of Awareness is indeed a beautiful, wonderful place, and I am very grateful just to be here.
Let us rewind, shall we? One year ago I was a crippled, prematurely dying 'outlaw' electronics billionaire with too much money to spend and not enough time to do it properly. In order to keep Uncle Sam's greedy hands away from our pile, Mimi and I established the Table Foundation, and began to network with worthy and trusted friends to come up with some creative ideas on how best to fund activities and projects near and dear to our hearts, stuff like alternative medicines, technical innovations, and grants for gifted and visionary artists, writers, and oddball innovators—the ones who usually fall through the cracks when they attempt to play the great research grant hustle game. I drew the line at political causes and social engineering claptrap. A lot of crazy ideas came and went down the pike, to be sure.
Eventually we partnered up with well-known has-been Mike Chen; his ex wife Jennifer Morgan; legendary rock-god and musicologist Steve Shank; and esteemed neurologist Dr. Lori Dryer. Together we developed and brought forth the Third Eye Patch, a bio-meditative application that generates a soothing, calming pulse that gently resets the user's natural biorhythm. It's worn on the forehead, in the proximity of the frontal lobes. An ancient melody known as the Wimoweh was chosen as the Patch's algorithm. A number of lullabies were also considered, but the Wimoweh got the nod in the end. 
Originally proposed by Chen (in a discarded Science Fiction novel) as a non-pharmaceutical smoker's quitting aid, the Patch also proved to be very affective in fighting (and reversing) many other addictions and dysfunctional behaviors as well. Wishful thinking was (and is) essential in achieving success (not to mention an open mind) but the gadget performed beyond our best expectations in the preliminary tests conducted by Dr. Dryer. 
“Optimum Health and Happiness for Humankind” was the slogan and mantra we chose for our ambitious endeavor. Our plan was to manufacture and sell this device at a very affordable price, under ten dollars each. Each Patch would be guaranteed for 30 days. We are talking 30 cents a day, folks. Being a non-pharmaceutical application, the savings to the consumer (and thus, society) would be considerable, and apparent in a very short period of time. No more anti-depressants needed! Bye bye cigarettes, dope, shitty tasting beer and rotgut wine! Bye bye War on Drugs, quack guru faith healers and psychiatric couches! A new era of Wellness and Renewal. Who on Earth would be opposed to such a beneficial (and cheap) application for all Humankind?
Well, how about the Mega Pharmaceutical Industry, the Medical Establishment, the Drug Cartels, and their foot soldiers in the United States Government?
Under immense pressure from his corporate sponsors (PerryPharm Corporation, ComCo, DeathCo, and others) President Phillip 'Thor' Hammer declared that the Third Eye Patch was anathema, and that the Table Foundation and Syznic Industries were fronts for domestic terrorist organizations! Also targeted was The Northern California Cyber Underground, a very loose cabal of well-funded individuals working surreptitiously on an applicable concept known as the OtherNet, which would free the co-opted Internet from government and corporate control. I helped fund the OtherNet, and in the process hooked up with the brilliant (and legendary) Guru Abbryggdd, master hacker and inventor of the ultimate and incorruptible anti-virus application The Two Headed Worm Blocker. All of us were placed under enhanced surveillance by the National Agency of Science and Technology (NASTY). The Table was infiltrated by spies, and the inner workings of the Patch were stolen and passed on to my arch rival Peter Derringer (the brilliant but evil genius and CEO of the Mackeyville-McCool Corporation), by none other than Mike Chen's ex girlfriend, the beautiful but fragile Beta Bronski, who had been recruited and brainwashed by NASTY spymaster FW Piltdown to acquire the Patch by any means possible. After successfully passing the Patch on to Derringer, she then promptly seduced and married the hapless, dysfunctional billionaire. In no time at all, the once destitute and suicidal Bronski found herself perched atop the pinnacle of Power and Privilege. Beta did some very bad things on her very rapid rise to the top, and soon became marked for death by FW Piltdown and Fister Perry, the hypochondriac CEO of PerryPharm Corporation.
Meanwhile, President Hammer, eager to go to war with anybody available, decided to attack Iran, so he set up the subversive terrorist Table Foundation as a false flag to get things rolling. Using Mike Chen as a patsy, FW Piltdown blew up Peter Derringer (Beta Bronski survived the blast) and pinned this 'act of wanton terrorism' on Chen and myself. The very next day, Piltdown blew up my very own mansion, although he and 20 others, including my bodyguard, perished in the blast. I escaped by the skin of my teeth, but unfortunately Mimi, Jennifer Morgan and Dr. Dryer were captured and ruthlessly tortured, both mentally and physically, in a secret NASTY rendition facility. Once again, Mike Grasshopper Chen was blamed for the bombing, although he had already gone into hiding, along with the Guru, Steve Shank, and many others. In the dark days that followed, many good people were murdered by the government. Hundreds, possibly even thousands more were placed into FEMA detention camps. 
Evil always eats itself. The fragile center imploded and the nation erupted into full blown anarchy. Thousands died in the riots that followed in the inner cities. It took nearly a month before level-headed adults regained control of the government, and at long last, Phillip Hammer was 'deposed' by Vice President Dennis Lasher, a decent man in an indecent profession. My dear friend and Third Eye Patch co-founder Jennifer Morgan emerged as a hero, and was appointed as acting Senator from the State of California. A new hope spread like wildfire across the land. Mike Chen and the others were cleared of all charges, and Beta Bronski (who suffered a broken back in the Derringer blast) saw the error of her ways and with the help of compassionate new-found friends, managed to turn her life around. The damage was done, however. Many of my good friends were dead, and I myself fell into the coma long predicted by my good friend Dr. Chandra Madras. I admit that I had been pushing myself beyond the limit, and my brain blew a fuse. Ironically, Mimi suffered massive brain damage as a result of her unjust incarceration and slipped into a coma as well. So much sadness.
A year has now passed since Mike 'Grasshopper' Chen first proposed the Third Eye Patch, which has turned the entire world over on its ear. Beta Bronski is now a Patchling and a very good friend of mine. She and her baby visit me frequently on the plains of Tuva. Jennifer Morgan is now the Vice President of the United States, and Mike Chen is back where he belongs, on the bestseller lists.
The Patch is here to stay, although the dark forces of DeathCo are still in business. The Planet Earth now stands at a crossroads, and battle lines are being drawn, even as I speak. Ruthless Warlords and False Prophets are on the rise. Can the Third Eye Patch withstand (and ultimately defeat) the mighty Ouroboros and the legions of DeathCo?
To find out, you must read on, dear reader. I am confident that you won't be disappointed. I am indebted to the journals of my good friends Phineas Phrogg Bervirt, and Yogi Patmos, poet warriors in the truest sense. I also want to thank my transcriber, a glowing young woman named Gidget Brane, who also dwells on the plains of Tuva, under the endless blue skies. You will meet her later, on these very plains. I myself have only a small minor role in the tale that follows. The flaming torch of freedom and the good fight has now been passed on to a new generation.


Patchling

“… I will go out on a limb here and speculate, based on my own observations (including those of my friends and associates experiences) and propose that the Third Eye Patch (when used as directed) enhances existing talents and capabilities latent in each individual, depending on the quality and/or intensity of said individual. Intense emotional situations ignite Patch awareness in the first weeks of application in a majority of case studies, and then level off as the subject gradually gains control as time passes. Patchling Michael Chen (see attachment 2A) reports in his daily log that he is experiencing enhanced dream activity and frequent incidents of precognition and synchronicity, however Jennifer Morgan (4C) reports that she has no noticeable feelings of enhancement at the present time. This is not troubling to me, in that Jenny’s observations concur with a large number of test subjects (see P-3 Test 8 Summary). Only time and more tests will indicate if these findings and percentages correspond with the general population.”
—Dr. Lori Dryer
Prologue

The Third Eye Patch has sent ripples of feedback throughout the Continuum, and its effects and repercussions are felt from the beaches of California to the plains of Tuva. The winds of change blow through the open windows and rustle the curtains of the government ministries in Moscow, the salons and discos of Paris, and the mosques and pubs of London. The great economies and money markets of the Great and Powerful are adjusting, and in the case of the North American Continent, resetting. There are stubborn and hostile pockets of resistance to these winds of change, and the Masters and Warlords in the capitals of Europe and Asia are digging in and preparing for war. DeathCo, as always, waits patiently in the wings, ever ready to fire up the barbeque.
In some places (The Russian Federation, The People's Republic of China, and North Korea) sale and private use of the Third Eye Patch is strictly forbidden and brutally suppressed, despite a thriving black market. As for the UK and the EU, the availability of the Patch is restricted, thanks to government and corporate corruption. In the EU, the price of the Patch is kept artificially high by tariffs (100 Euros), and a prescription from a MD is required.
(The London street price for the Patch is about $50.00 US dollars.)
In most of North and South America the Patch is cheap ($5-$10) and widely available. 

President Dennis Lasher sits naked on the floor in his darkened bedroom. His Secret Service shadow sits in a chair by the door, barely visible in the gloom. 
Lasher's snow white hair is unbound and cascades down to his shoulders. Flanked by two flickering candles, a shallow bowl of hot steaming water sits on the floor in front of him. He patiently crushes selected herbs, and gently stirs them into the water with his finger. A mist arises and encompasses his face as he breathes in the pungent vapors…
The mist is smoky. Lasher now sits Indian style with two other men in a semi-circle, all with herb bowls in front of them. Lasher's ethereal companions are Vladimir Ptard, Prime Minister of the Russian Federation; and Benjamin Grimm Wilde, Ascended Master of the Order of Lucifer, and resident of London, England. 
“You dare to return?” says Grimm with a smirk. “Are you certain that you want to go any further? Truly, I am very concerned about your health, Lasher. I beseech you to withdrawal, for your own good.”
Lasher's eyes are closed. “Get the fuck out of my head, Devil's ass-licker! You are a pathetic joke, and irrelevant for my purposes. I have come back to speak with my Russian counterpart. Time presses, and you weren't invited to this palaver. Be gone, Maggot!”
“Upstart! You'll see. You are only here by the graces and courtesy of the Master Ouroboros. Don't push me, Lasher.”
“Your so-called Master is nothing but a masturbating girly man who never got over the trauma of never being invited to the prom…”
Grimm opens his mouth in astonishment, but is totally speechless. Vladimir Ptard chuckles, and speaks for the first time. “You may depart, Benjamin. I will listen to what the President has to say, and if his message is worthy, I will relay it to you and the others.”
Grimm disappears, leaving only a foul smell, akin to rotten eggs. Ptard turns to Lasher, with an evil smile. 
“Make your pitch, fool. How IS that Patch thing working out? You don't look very good, let me tell you.”
“Vlad, I must admit that you ARE looking good, damn my eyes! I see that you are still hobnobbing with that has-been comedian, Ben Grimm! Honestly, Vlad. Who else are you hanging out with these days, maybe Gregor Paulos? Or maybe that old ghoul, Henri Mardoux?”
“Do you think that I am a complete idiot, Lasher? I keep my friends close, but my enemies even closer, including you, amateur.”
“So arrogant and cocky! Meanwhile, the People are living in fear and uncertainty, as DeathCo pounds the war drums! Your friends are setting you up, Ptard. You and me. We can stop all of this nonsense, once and for all.”
“Bah! I don't need YOUR help, old man. I know what I am doing, and the Russian flag WILL fly from the Eiffel Tower and the Tower of London, you'll see.”
“Maya! Illusion! Damn it, stop this dangerous game, or you WILL go down, Ptard, you and your whole nasty order. You can join old man Prescott, and Phillip Hammer—if you can stand their incoherent babbling. For that matter, you can join Bob and Loretta Knobbler—you know where they are!”
“Big talk from a prematurely dying old man. I think that you will make the acquaintance of the Great Mouth, long before I do.”
“There is still time to do the right thing, Ptard. Will you even consider my proposal, at least for our people's sake?”
Vlad Ptard doesn't answer and disappears into the smoke. Lasher blacks out, and the SS man barely makes it across the room in time to prevent the President from hitting his head on the floor.

Most Americans despise politics and politicians. There is a large gray area that swings back and forth, and has no fixed ideology. That's why the Republicans will rule for eight years or so, and then the Dems will take their turn. Same thing in France, or the UK. Most people are just worried about staying afloat for another year.
Optics and Marketing decide who wins the election cycle. It's not WHAT the candidates say, but HOW they say it, because if you carefully analyze what they ARE saying, you will find that they are saying absolutely NOTHING at all — nothing except for the same old lies and bullshit.
— Mike Chen

Dr. Lori Dryer glides homeward to California above the clouds in a melancholy mood after three days in Washington DC. Summoned by Georgia Van Sutherland to conduct a series of emergency Brainshots® on President Lasher, the prognosis does not look so good. The President's body is dying, and his soul is not far behind. The Third Eye Patch, in expanding Lasher's abilities, has hastened his body's deterioration and fall. 
“Who would have known?” Lasher had joked in an aside to Dr. Dryer, between brainshots. “I have discovered that I am a top-notch remote viewer, which can be quite handy for this job, believe me! I have always had a knack for thinking around corners, but the Patch seems to have accelerated my formerly modest talents and brought them to the forefront, with enhanced aspects and attributes—unfortunately to the decrement of my lifespan, I am sorry to say.” 
Lori was dumbstruck when the otherwise cheerful President Lasher broke into tears. Shades of Boffin Syznic! Van Sutherland took her by the arm, and led her out of the room.
“Give him a few moments. He'll be fine, Dr. Dryer. Can you can help him?”
Lori did not hesitate in her answer. “That is up to him. I say he needs to get out of here, and spend a month in a quiet, secure, clinic somewhere. I am more than happy to offer my services. Maybe then I can answer your question, Georgia.”
Van Sutherland sighed. “Then there's no hope.”
“He needs to stop this remote viewing business, right away,” said Lori, sadly remembering Boffin Syznic's last days. “So much is still yet to be learned, but I have found that the Patch is NOT beneficial to individuals who are unwilling to cast aside their egotistical love of power, wealth, gratification, adoration—you name it. There are limits to everything, even if the ends are good and noble. Boffin and Mimi Syznic pushed themselves to the limit, and both of them paid the price… To utilize enhanced abilities for any other purpose other than achieving spiritual well-being… well, that is the way to destruction. The President must stop these activities immediately, and he needs to seek renewal and healing… In the meantime, put your foot down, Georgia. Keep an eye on him, and don't let him sneak off to continue these… these activities. I hope he can hang on for a little while longer…”

Political parties are just fronts for organized crime! In the good old days, on every Friday night, two bag men would appear at my dad's shop on the Lower East Side. One of them was from the local Mob boss, and the other was from the NYPD. Each took their weekly tribute 'fee', and you were allowed to operate for another week. Christmas and birthdays, they got an extra fat envelope. Sometimes they would chat about their kids, or the baseball scores. Life went on. Come election time, the local pols would roll out their goodies and distribute free pizza, bagels, and beer, of course. Maybe a few jobs. Depending on the mood of the moment, patriotic flags and marching bands would appear like magic, and bogeymen would be propped up for target practice. Most of the time the elections were already decided, and both 'candidates' knew the drill. The fix was in, because the fix is ALWAYS in…
— Marsha Portrero

KARMAGEDDON UPDATE from YOGI PATMOS
HARDCORE BREAKING NEWS FOR ALL KARMAGEDDON® PREMIUM AND GOLD STAR MEMBERS FOR A LIMITED TIME ONLY:
VISI-GOGGLES!
That's right, for a limited time only, Karmageddon Co. will be offering at a special reduced price, genuine BRONSKI-DERRINGER VISION GOGGLES® for only $2,000! These babies retail for $10,000! That's right, this is a special limited offer! PLEASE RESPOND BEFORE THE SUPPLY IS GONE! These incredible goggles enhance your Karmageddon Experience a thousand-fold! Take it from me, Yogi Patmos!
DO NOT DELAY AND MISS OUT ON THIS ONCE IN AN AVATAR OFFER!

Television, radio and internet jingle for Mongoosedotcom
(Visual Cue: A swank apartment, hi-tech gadgets, and a super-hot swimsuit model shaking her can to a hip-hop pulse)
Mongoose got yo back Jack / Mongoose got yo back
Yo got no jack / Mongoose fix your lack
Yo wanna a hot new mama shakin down yo shack
Mongoose got yo back Jack / Mongoose got yo back
Lots of free stuff at Mongoosedotcom (Offer not valid in the following zones…)

The United Nations and the World Health Organization has just issued an urgent warning to the estimated 600 million member/users of the virtual reality cloud application MONGOOSE® to immediately cease use of rival applications My Next Life, Karmageddon, and BeastWatch, citing severe side-effects when the applications are used in tandem.
Incoming UN Chaplain Avataro Adam Kane Maitreya (creator/designer of the phenomenally spreading Mongoose application) urged his many followers to drop ALL other applications, such as MNL because of their fascist, regressive, and superstitious messages and indoctrination. 
“Mongoose is the panacea that this planet has been longing for, during this past dark age. Resist and reject the old regressive and fearful paradigms.” 
Kane also cautioned against prolonged use of the Third Eye Patch.

BBC BREAKING NEWS: PRINCE OF WALES IMPLICATED IN PLOT TO POISON THE QUEEN; BARCLAY WINZER, HEIR TO THE THRONE FLEES THE UK; PRIVATE YACHT SPOTTED SOUTHEAST OF LANDS END

This just in from the Eco-Tittler: BALDENBIRD GUEST LIST LEAKED
Reliable sources have just confirmed that the Illuminati will gather this year at the swanky, exclusive Dagda Resort, just outside of Riga, Latvia. This year's McEvil Fishfry will include Environmentalist Honcho Mel Trunkdale, Senator Tamara Spinner of New York, Irish Rocker Krishna O'Bannon, Duke of York Edward Winzer, and ex-President Phillip 'Thor' Hammer, who will be honored at the closing ceremony of the secretive conference. For the tenth year in a row, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Ptard did not receive an invitation to the prom. Stay tuned for more on this breaking story—

Oh, just look at you all. Welcome to Sociology 101!
(applause from the lecture audience)
Hey everybody, I know that this sounds kind of naive and rather idealistic for these cynical times and all, but here we are with a golden opportunity to come together and do our part to help make this world of ours a better place! Does that sound too corny? How about it?
(enthusiastic applause)
Not to mention an opportunity to help right historical wrongs and establish racial, social, gender, economic, and environmental justice for all! 
(healthy applause)
Making a difference! Yes We Can! U.S. Out of America! Biodegradable and edible soy-based condoms!
(nervous laughter, coughing and uneasy murmuring)
Hang the One Percent! 
(cheers, boos, and increased murmuring)
Free, but politically correct pussy!
(hostile boos and catcalling from females in the audience)
Save the transgender polar bears and walruses, abolish fracking, but give me my FREE high-speed internet and unlimited texting—
(boos and catcalling from the audience)
 Please increase my monthly allowance, DADDY! 
(outright hostility from the audience)
Oh my bleeding Bog, I've seen and heard it all, and every year I remind myself that we would all be so much better off if the voting age was raised to thirty! Just sayin'—
(boos of outrage from the audience)
Hee hee hee! Where was I? —Right! Most of you young punks and punkettes come in here with such big heads and grandiose ideas, and it is my solemn duty to shoot them down like ducks in a penny arcade!
(increasing outrage and booing)
Are any of you oatmeal-brained carbon-emitting excrement canisters now ready and prepared to discover, and dare I say it, admit that everything you were taught and ever believed in is just a pile of fairy dust and yak manure? 
(more boos and catcalling)
A very small number of you here tonight WILL see the light, and you will thank little old me for the rest of your lives! As for the rest of you drug-addled beer-guzzling copulating chimpanzees— (boos) —just imagine the utter shock when you receive your failing grade and just maybe begin to suspect then and there that you AREN'T special, or even relevant! Oh the pain of not mattering! Boo hoo hoo! 
(hostile boos and catcalls from the audience) 
I must have hit a nerve there, jolly good! The truth does hurt, doesn't it? Oh the pain of knowing deep down that you are not only merely irrelevant, but just plain stupid! Oh the pain of discovering (and admitting) that you never had an original thought, nor expressed any desire or capacity to learn anything new from independent research or firsthand experience. Preferring only to agree to agree with each other. Never, EVER entertaining even the possibility of questioning, investigating, evaluating, and SOLVING difficult problems and tasks by logic, observation, experimentation, deduction, and critical thinking! Oh, the pain when one discovers that he or she is only just a clueless, frightened, insecure, inadequately educated, dysfunctional vegetable! Whatever!  
(boos) 
'I FEEL, therefore I AM!'
(boos) 
'Don't judge me by my achievements, but by my intentions!' 
(increased booing)
'I care about the Earth!' (boos) 'Hey, you look at ME, notice ME, tolerate ME, love ME!' That's YOU, my fine meat puppets! (boos) Good luck out there when (and if) you do graduate from this advanced daycare center with your worthless diplomas and encounter the all-too-real roving wolves and circling sharks out there in the mean old real world! Be merry, my friends, be merry!
— Professor Walpole Mantis, at one of his packed lectures

From the Daily Squeeler: 
VATICAN SUPPRESSES SYZNIC ENERGY BREAKTHROUGH
Secret documents leaked from the Vatican reveal that detectives employed by Pope Diego 1 have located and acquired missing electronics billionaire Boffin Syznic's long rumored and presumed lost 'Energy Patch Applications' which are said to contain the key to unlocking applicable nuclear fission and realizing cheap, abundant, clean energy. The Pope is purposely sitting on these 'Satanic Alchemical Gadgets' according to Daily Squeelers on the scene in Vatican City. Diego denies these allegations, which isn't surprising, considering that leaked DNA tests (see links) reveal that Diego is in fact the bastard son of Sheik Aziz, CEO of PowerCo and Emir of the United Oil Emirates. Anti-Pope Guillaume 1 denounced Diego as a 'Luddite', in a statement issued from his palace in Avignon.

NCC NewsWire, July 22, Moscow
GIRL PUNK TRIO 'MOIST AND JUICY GIRLS' SENTENCED TO 10 YEARS HARD LABOR IN SIBERIAN PRISON; 'PERFORMANCE ARTISTS' HAD BEEN ARRESTED, TRIED, AND CONVICTED FOR DEFACING ORTHODOX CHURCH IN MOSCOW AND INSULTING PRIME MINISTER VLADIMIR PTARD WITH LEWD OBSCENITIES

NCC NewsWire, August 1, New York City
THIRD EYE HEIRESS JADE SHANK, 4 OTHERS, ARRESTED IN 'TERRORIST PERFORMANCE ART PRANK' INVOLVING RUSSIAN PRIME MINISTER VLADIMIR PTARD; 'INTERNATIONAL INCIDENT' INCITES RIOTS IN MOSCOW, ST. PETERSBURG; 20 YEAR-OLD SHANK BOOKED IN NYC JAIL; DENIED BAIL —


1) Litigations, Water Balloons, and Mongoose

1: Call Me Phrogg

Every generation, every person, is put to the test. Our actions are always on review, and we should always assume that today, this day, is our last, but finest day of our life.
— Boffin Syznic to Michael Chen, in one of his journal entries.

If you demand justice, no matter how justified (and righteous), you will never get it. That might seem to be unfair, but that's the way it works.
— Yogi Patmos

The primary objectives of the Table Foundation have been achieved: Use of the Third Eye Patch has spread around the world, even in countries where it is brutally suppressed. The Patch's founding heroes shall always be honored for making their stand, at great risk to themselves, and at a great cost. Good people lost their lives for the cause.
We won the first skirmish, but the war isn't over by a long shot.
— Phineas Phrogg Bervirt

Call me Phrogg.
You may have read about me in the best-selling book Flight of the Grasshopper, by Mr. Mike Chen, co-founder of the Third Eye Patch. That book was later made into a blockbuster motion picture, staring Johnny Rodd, Mint Julep, and Emma Godaddy. Me and my ex-wife Jade play ourselves in the movie, although fortunately I am only on-screen for two and a half minutes. I am only a bit player, small fry in the grand scheme of things, or at least I used to be, up until now. This is my account of how a nobody like me became by fate and happenstance a fugitive from the Dark Forces that plague our world: The mighty DeathCo, the Mongoose Cult, crazy Luciferians, INTERPOL, the British Royal Family, the Prime Minister of Russia, the Illuminati, and nearly everybody else in between. During my flight underground, I became acquainted with Aea, the fire goddess. Aea is the primal twin of the Nous, and services the Material Universe, as opposed to the Nous, who administers the Universe of the Mind, Soul, and Awareness. If you think that I am crazy (or more likely full of shit), I urge you to put this book down at once and get your money back. Exchange it for the latest Vampire/Zombie bodice ripper! You have been warned, OK?
Jade Shank gave me the nickname PHROGG back in high school, and the moniker just stuck, I guess. Both of us were stoned out of our skulls that night. I dubbed her SKANK but Jade wasn't having any of that, and she told me to cool it if I wanted to continue to get my bread buttered. I'm no fool, at least on that subject. Jade Shank, then and now, always got, and always gets, whatever she wants. We got married when we were 18, and divorced before we turned twenty.
The porn video was definitely the last straw for me. Always seeking new thrills and experiences, Jade later insisted that it meant absolutely nothing, and besides, she just HAD to know what performing in a porn video felt like before she could make any kind of value judgment. I refused to even consider the possibility of doing such a thing, but as I have already told you, Jade always has her way.
First she got me and her very best girlfriend Jasmine drunk, really drunk, and nature took its course. I'm not very proud about that night in question, and I won't deny my responsibility mind you, but Jade definitely set us up. She stealthily taped us on a hi-def night-cam and later inter-spliced the best sequences with stock car chases, explosions, and hacked footage taken from drone aircraft blowing up wedding parties in Yemen and Pakistan. 
That was just the warm-up! Jade and Jasmine's boyfriend Biggy (use your imagination) then flew down to LA and made use of Emma Godaddy's studio after hours, where they produced, directed, and performed in a porno shoot of the highest quality. Aw Snap featured a very creative sequence with bondage, mannequins, lawn sculptures, yellow rain from sprinklers, gourmet food, and a string quartet of naked Sexbots® wearing blindfolds. Aw Snap later won several prestigious awards, and was heralded as an 'erotic but important' piece of cinema.
When Emma Godaddy got wind of what Jade had done, she banned Jade (and me) from her studios forever. Jade in turn sued Emma for ten million dollars. A pissed-off judge threw out the lawsuit. The sad part of all of this is that Steve Shank's current squeeze is Emma Godaddy's mom, Sharon Heitz, a really good lady. Damn it, Emma had always treated me and Jade like gold. Anyway, Jade and Biggy fled to New York. I filed for divorce, not knowing that Jade had already beaten me to it. 
Our no-fault divorce was finalized in no time at all, 50/50 split. Jade landed a gig with Yak TV, and she and Biggy moved into a loft somewhere in Lower Manhattan. Look, I still care for Jade and always will, but I'm glad it's all over.

This just in from the Daily Squeeler: Attorneys representing UK Media Mogul Nigel Flinth filed a lawsuit in San Francisco District Court against live-in girlfriend Shirley Bender, Guru Abbryggdd, Steve Shank, Jade Shank, Phineas 'Phrogg' Bervirt, Yogi Patmos, Syznic Industries, and the My Next Life Corporation.
“I still love Shirley, mind you, and we have no plans to terminate our relationship, but I need to do this, so that's that,” Flinth told reporters at a packed news conference this morning at the Gallows Tower, in London. The lawsuit was instigated when Flinth learned that (allegedly) Shank, Abbryggdd, and the Shank-Bervirts (who were married at the time) purposely and illegally accessed his personal My Next Life account, and violated his privacy. Flinth also alleged that Phineas Bervirt unethically used him as a 'test subject' for his college thesis. My Next Life was owned by Boffin Syznic at the time, who later sold the enterprise to the Shank-Bervirts for the sum of one dollar. The Shank-Bervirts later sold the outfit to Shirley Bender, for a cool 20 million dollars. Notorious Master Game Ziner Yogi Patmos was also named in the lawsuit because he was the original owner/designer of the popular web-site, before he sold it to Boffin Syznic.
“Tis a tangled web indeed,” said Flinth, with Shirley Bender at his side.
“Nigel needs to do this,” added Bender, “and he has my full support, although I have instructed my lawyers to fight this frivolous lawsuit with all of their ability. I have no intention of paying Nigel even one dime, over my dead body.”
Flinth and Bender then kissed in front of the cameras.

The judge ruled that Jade, myself, Mr. Shank, the Guru, Mr. Syznic's estate, and Shirley Bender, were to pay Nigel Flinth a sum of one dollar each. Yogi Patmos wasn't penalized, and the judge ordered Flinth to reimburse Patmos for legal fees and court costs. I myself ended up shelling out about $20,000 for my attorney and legal fees. Jade chose to stay in New York, and directed her attorney to pay the settlement. Likewise Mr. Shank and the Guru were no-shows, and directed their attorneys to pay their fines. I myself handed Flinth three quarters, two dimes, and a nickel. Once outside on the courthouse steps, Flinth crowed victory to the television crews and reporters, and promptly gave the six dollars to a homeless guy. Flinth and Bender then took off in a limo for SFO. What a freaking waste of time and money.
Yogi Patmos approached me out on the steps. “We meet at last, Bervirt! I did read your treatise on My Next Life, and found it very interesting, although it's quite an unorthodox take on the whole phenomenon.”
“Thanks, Mr. Patmos, although my Prof is threatening to flunk me for my efforts!”
“Professor Walpole Mantis?”
“The very one. How did you know?”
“Just a lucky guess. I myself have been acquainted with the Professor for many years.” Patmos looked at me curiously for a moment, and then shook my hand.
“Let's stay in touch, Bervirt.”

Professor Walpole Mantis' lectures are always packed, and this video perfectly demonstrates why.
Flashback: DoBoob viral video, 2 million hits: Professor Walpole Mantis at work; Sociology 101 Orientation, Syznic Memorial Lecture Hall. Berkeley CA
Mantis: Welcome to Sociology 101! Before we begin your orientation, I need to give you this last opportunity to change your schedules, because I would be remiss if I didn't inform you right now that less than half of you will even pass this course, I guarantee it! Are you all ready to BLEED, my fine young popkins? Listen, there is still enough time to for all of you to switch over to say, Creative Castration 101. How about Ethnic Cowgirl Poetry, or Professor Caltrop's popular and cutting-edge Zombie Activism and Empowerment… Money doesn't grow on trees, and your parents worked and sacrificed so very hard to get you here, so think of them!
(Boos from the audience)
You're rockin' my world! Hey, you can't say that I didn't warn you! Hee-hee, I am the Master of your future! This is my world, and you just exist in it!
(boos)
Hey, is there ANYBODY here in this room who is smarter than me? There isn't, is there? So now that we've got THAT out of the way, we can—wait, wait, what was that? Did some brave soul just ask 'Who the fuck are you?' Repeat that last, please. 
(pause) 
Thanks! The question is: Who the fuck do I think I am to come up here on this stage and insult the very people that pay my salary and entrust me to educate their precious offspring, etc, blah, blah, blah? Is that the gist of your point?
(murmuring, catcalling)
Well, who the FUCK do you THINK I am? Can YOU even think at all? Listen, you bed-wetting loser who probably has a peephole into your sister's bedroom—unless it's your mommy's—Well, my fine moron, let me tell you who I AM: I am the man who is going to flunk YOU. Good luck paying back that worthless college loan! 
 (boos) 
—By Jove, I just had a brilliant thought, as usual! (more boos) We should initiate, right here at the University, a Department of 'How To Pay Back Your Crippling High Interest College Loans'!
(more boos)
By the way, is Phinny the Frog Man Bervirt in attendance here this evening?
(laughter, and a few cheers)
Oh, there you are, Bervirt! So glad you made it! I did find the time to read your, ahem, treatise, and I took the liberty to pass it along to some of my colleagues for comic relief! Rise up and take a bow!
(boos and laughter)
May I give you some friendly amphibian advice? Don't take this the wrong way, but don't you think that you would better off in a trade school? Just sayin'…
(oohs and aws as Phrogg exits the lecture hall)
Did you have a question, young lady? A meaningful one, please? Speak up, it's hard to hear you—
(pause)
OK, right! The question is: What is the point of even bothering with all of this folderoo, if I am just going to flunk each and every one of you?
(pause for nervous laughter)
Keep laughing, you idiots! Well, let me tell you something, my fine young circle jerks. That IS the question, the best question of all, in fact! The ONLY question that matters! Brilliant. —What is your name, young lady? (pause) Alice Weir? Well, let me tell you something, Miss Alice Weir. That question of yours that has all of these dung-encrusted chimpanzees in stitches, just guaranteed YOUR PASSING GRADE! Keep asking those kind of questions, the REAL questions, the questions that matter! Question everything, young lady, because that's your only hope. The bastards and bitches that run this world cannot abide annoying and inconvenient questions—intelligent questions, unlike that blithering idiot's a few minutes ago. —What was that, young man? —Well FUCK YOU TOO, you sniveling weenie! Why don't you go back to your frat house and jerk yourself off with a graphic comic book!
(nervous laughter, scattered boos, and coughing as the student exits the lecture hall.) 
Where was I? Oh, right! Thanks to Miss Weir's insightful question, I see no need to even continue with this evening's orientation session. I couldn't have made my point any clearer! Go on, all of you, get out of here, pick up plenty of condoms on your way out, and hurry on back to your dorm-slums where you boys can guzzle gallons of shitty domestic beer, dose your girlfriends with date-rape powder and fornicate yourselves silly! Get extra wasted while you can, because that mean old world will still be waiting for you out there when you move on from these hallowed halls of academia, the greatest con ever initiated on civilization!

Professor Mantis and I met for coffee in the cafeteria. A few students who were at the lecture stared at us with their mouths open in astonishment.
“That was a great performance, Professor. Honor is due.”
“You know the drill, Frogboy, I need to stay true to form! Now you know why my lectures are always packed!”
“Ouch! Now about my paper…”
“You can do better than that sophomoric tripe, Bervirt. Look, if you want a rubber stamp, Merv Rosenberg down at UC Santa Cruz is your man! However, I am not so easy, and the resumes of my success stories all proudly advertise that fact. The proof is in the pudding! Look, any fool with a little money can buy a degree. You've certainly got the money.” 
“Harsh words, Professor!”
“That is what I am paid to do, unlike most of the hacks and phonies around here. I'll give you one more term to get it together.”
I nodded silently. Mantis was right, my paper sucked royally. 
“I'm sure you know that Michael Grasshopper Chen was a student of mine, many years ago, but he saw the writing on the wall and dropped out before I could flunk him. Probably the best thing that ever happened to him. One year later he was a millionaire, thanks in part to me! Listen up, Bervirt. I am taking this precious time away from my rather busy schedule to have this chat with you… because I do want you to keep on trying, unless you have something better to do. Don't give up! Many years ago I made a solemn vow to never, ever, make it easy for my students, especially the ones that I think have potential. People like you, Bervirt. Toss out that piece of trash, clear your head, and then start all over from scratch. I'm not going anywhere. Submit to me a preliminary draft, say, by mid-term. Enjoy the rest of your summer, and we will discuss this further when classes commence in September.”
Mantis then slid a flashdrive across the table, and left the noisy cafeteria without another word. I saw to my surprise that the flashdrive was in fact, a Yakdrive. Curious, I inserted it into my YakPad, and my life changed forever.

WELCOME TO THE ORDER OF THE GRASSHOPPER, PILGRIM!
Yogi Patmos, Palo Alto, CA
Walpole Mantis, Berkeley, CA
CC Beedle Cartier, Moss Beach, CA
Marsha Portrero, Berkeley, CA
Senator Gandalf Maloney, Washington DC
Congresswoman Ingrid Robertson, Washington DC
Acorn Smith, Bonnie Dune's commune, Helm's Crossing, CA
Bone Man Moon, Stoney Creek Canyon, Helm's Crossing, CA

“Bleeding Bog in heaven!”

Yogi Patmos: The Order of the Grasshopper is not a secret society, nor a revolutionary cell. We have no leader, but a shared mission: To stop or slow the encroaching danger of the Mongoose Cult, which threatens to neutralize and eliminate the Third Eye Patch by means that NASTY, PerryPharm, and ComCo could never do by force, avarice, murder, or dirty tricks. Mongoose offers the frightened masses the bright and shiny bells and whistles that have been promised to them since the beginning. A shining hope, but a false one, of course. Mongoose only leads to spiritual death, and the mass grave.
What is Mongoose? Well, it's a game, but much, much, more. It is a virtual, alternative belief system and a whole other way of life.
The Mongoose Cult is on the move, consolidating power, and reaping souls by the millions. I know how crazy that sounds, but anyone who is truly honest and has an open mind will know that I am speaking nothing but the truth, once they have done their research. 
Mongoose offers the masses an easy way out of the chaos, uncertainty, and the fear of the unknown. (Never mind that the creators of Mongoose are among the ones that are feeding the growing fear encompassing the Earth.) Security, Health, a Sense of Belonging, and Peace of Mind are only obtainable by total submission to Mongoose and a complete surrender of one's free will. Mongoose has all the answers—only after you turn over all of your data, finances, relationships, hopes and dreams—over to Mongoose, which absorbs, reviews, analyzes, refines, and custom fine-tunes your personal 'inclusive avatar' with a welcoming immersion into the New Weird Order. Mongoose is waiting there to feed, cloth, house, sooth, entertain, and even provide selected sexual partners and more—for the new worthy ones, the shining vanguard of the New Gaea. Mongoose promises everything that My Next Life offered, except that you do not have to work for it. With Mongoose, it's all free, free, free—unlike MNL where you at least had to go through the motions of doing the right thing (GoodDeeds).

There was a lot more stuff about the Mongoose Cult on that flashdrive, and I tried to digest it all as I rode my three-wheeler back to the City. A massive advertising campaign for the notorious game had inundated the Internet, TV, and radio recently, but I hadn't given the Mongoose phenomenon that much thought, being too busy with my thesis, not to mention other activities, such as the divorce and the My Next Life lawsuit. I decided to do some extensive research when I got home to the bathhouse. 
When I pulled up at my bathhouse loft on Third Street, I was in dire need of an intoxicant. A session with Professor Mantis can do that to a person. To my surprise, an old friend of mine was sitting on the front steps: Jasmine Nightshade, ex-best friend of Jade Shank, and my unwitting co-star in Jade's award-winning porno film.
“Hi, Jasmine. Long time, no see. What's shaking?”
Jasmine jumped up and threw herself into my arms. “Oh Phinny…”
“Have you been crying, Jas?”
“You haven't heard the news?”

NCC NewsWire, August 1, New York City
THIRD EYE HEIRESS, 4 OTHERS, ARRESTED IN 'TERRORIST PERFORMANCE ART PRANK' 
Notorious heiress and Yak TV correspondent Jade Shank, 20, and four others were arrested, and are being held without bail in NYC, for throwing water balloons filled with urine at visiting Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Ptard, one of which scored a direct hit on the virile Russian leader. According to eyewitnesses, and confirmed by news cams, the offending water balloon was thrown by Shank, who used her press pass to get within water balloon range of the Prime Minister, who was leaving the Russian Art Exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art on 5th Ave. A scuffle with Ptard's security detail ensued, and Shank and her accomplice and camera man, Seamus 'Biggy' Murphy, 21, were apprehended and arrested by NYPD officers at the scene. Three others were found hiding in van owned by Yak TV, Shank's employer. A spokesperson at Yak TV issued a 'no comment'.
Russian television carried the event live, resulting in demonstrations in support of the Prime Minister. Riots erupted in cities across Russia, as the Russian Ambassador to the United Nations demanded 'Prompt and severe punishment' and an apology from President Lasher. The Secretary-General of the United Nations followed suit with a similar declaration… A message posted on Shank's NoseBook page declared that the action was a  “protest against the inhumane incarceration of the notorious all-girl punk band Moist and Juicy Girls, in Moscow.” A statement from State Department Official Susan Python is forthcoming—

After consoling each other over a bottle of wine, I called a cab for Jasmine, and then sat at my workstation deep in thought for most of the night. 
(Did we provide each other comfort of the carnal kind? None of your business. Jas is a good kid, and we will always be friends, so let's just leave it at that.)
“Oh Jade, why did you do it?”
Biggy, too. What in hell were they thinking when they tossed those freaking water balloons at the most notorious (and dangerous) man on Planet Earth? They may have well had chosen Lord Satan to be on the receiving end of their idiotic 'performance art' prank. One of the headlines on the Internet (The Daily Squeeler) said it all:
PORN STARS 1, KGB 0.

2: Jade Shank's Blues

Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison.… where the State places those who are not with her, but against her,— the only house in a slave State in which a free man can abide with honor.… 
—Henry David Thoreau

The big question is this: Is America a nation of sheep, or a nation of wolves? Please decide, USA, because we (The Russian Federation) are wolves, and we can only act out on our natures—without judgment or sentiment. Are you, USA, fellow wolves, or are you sheep that we cannot help but devour, because of our natures.
—Vladimir Ptard 

The Tombs, Lower Manhattan, NYC
It was high noon in Gotham. An army of media creatures descended into the vicinity of the Tombs, for the unfolding carnival. Jade Shank was booked, mugged, and her Patch was taken away, along with her personal belongings. A ghoul in a suit informed her that a public defender would be along sooner or later. 
“Did you know that what you did was a felony? Even a clue?”
“Are you a lawyer?”
“Who pissed in those balloons, Miss?”
“What?”
“What did you think you were doing, Miss?”
“Excuse me, but I would rather talk to a lawyer.”
The scarecrow in the suit smiled, and leaned in close.
“Your ass is grass, jailbait,” he whispered.
“Have you ever heard of mouthwash, sir?”
Jade was then taken to a solitary holding cell, and was left to stew for a while. She sat herself down on the floor and actually was dozing when a couple of uniformed female goons yanked her to her feet, and led her down to a shower area, where she was told to disrobe. Four other women were already in the showers. Jade did as she was told, and found a vacant shower.
“Stay serene,” she muttered to herself as she stepped into the steamy hot water. “Maintain, stay cool…”
“Hey girlie,” said the woman next to her, “You the balloon girl?”
Jade turned, and the smiling brute punched her hard, right in the stomach.
—Bitch! 
Jade went down onto the slippery floor, out of breath, clutching her gut in pain.
What the fuck?
 Another naked beauty kicked her in the butt, and before she knew it, she was hoisted up and slugged again. Someone's hand covered her mouth, and the hags beat on her for a minute or so, until two more women clad in bathrobes and shower caps entered the shower area from a side door. The uniformed guards grinned, and hung back by the main doorway.
“That's enough, ladies,” said one of the women in the shower caps. “Don't damage her. You can release her now.”
“Clear the room,” said the other woman.
The naked girl-goons let Jade fall to the tiled floor, and she lay in the water and gasped for air. When the shower area was clear, the two newcomers threw their robes aside, entered the steaming shower, and stood over the girl, who was still struggling for breath. One of the women looked vaguely familiar. She was probably in her late forties or early fifties; she could have been Jade's own mom. The woman looked down at Jade with an expression of disgust.
“You stupid twat, you dumb little cunt,” she hissed, “Do you have any idea what you have done?”
The other woman spoke. “One whole year, millions of dollars, and who knows how many hours of networking and lobbying? All for nothing, you little whore!”
Jade, still in shock, looked dumbly into the faces of the two stern-looking women, and in belated amazement, realized who they were: Liz Silverberg, the Mayor of New York City, and Tamara Spinner, Senator from the State of New York. 
The two respected politicians squatted naked before her, under the steaming water. 
“What?” sputtered Jade, in disbelief, “What are you talking about—”
Mayor Silverberg reached down and pinched Jade's ear, causing her to yelp in pain.
“You just had to screw everything up, you stupid little cow. Prime Minister Ptard came all the way from Russia to sign an exclusive trade and cultural agreement with the city of New York, and thanks to you idiots, he is now delaying the signing ceremony. Says he's thinking it over. 100 million dollars is hanging in the air, you stupid little pooter. Oh how you will pay, if he leaves without his signature on that contract.”
Senator Tammy Spinner bent in close. “YOU are going to publicly apologize to the Prime Minister, and confess that you were acting on the orders of President Lasher and Vice President Morgan, or else—”
“?”
“We are very concerned about your idiotic boyfriend,” said the Mayor. “This 'Biggy' fellow is liable to have a terrible, tragic accident. He's a clumsy oaf, and this place is quite hazardous, I shit you not.”
“What did you just say?”
Mayor Silverberg slapped Jade on the side of her head (mindful not to leave any tell-tale marks on Jade's face) and then, along with the Senator, commenced to play mind-fuck-tag with the cowering and petrified girl.
“Pay attention, my little shitzka. A lot of nice, friendly people in this place would just love to get acquainted with your Biggy Murphy; it's just that kind of place!” 
“Real nice people, misunderstood people—”
“Sensitive and sensual souls, real diverse fellows. With an eye for fresh meat, and new boy-toys…”
“But your Biggy seems to be a little wet behind the ears, don't you think?”
“Definitely a bit green, with his sheltered upbringing.”
“Seriously, I don't know how long he can possibly last in this place… do you know how many poor souls manage to hang themselves in their holding cells each year? It's a real, and growing problem.” 
“So tragic, so unnecessary!”
“So, if you do the right thing, maybe your Piggy Murphy, and the others can all be released, with all charges dropped. Maybe you too, you stupid pisser.”
“We didn't piss in those balloons,” Jade blurted out, “no way! You've got to believe me—”
“Of course you didn't piss in those balloons,” hissed Mayor Silverberg. “Vlad Ptard, seizing the opportunity, peed in his own pants, you idiot!” 
The Mayor looked sideways at the Senator, with a nasty grin.
“Brilliant, don't you think?”
“Masterful move, and honor is due,” replied Spinner with a girly giggle.
Jade stared at the two, and realized that the both of them were hardcore evil and totally insane. Senator Spinner grabbed Jade by the hair, and yanked her face close to hers. “Don't you look cross at me! You will make your confession, and denounce President Lasher to the news cameras. And don't you forget—your dear Auntie Jennifer set this whole thing up, and coached you, got it?”
“Not a word to anyone, Miss Shank, or a certain big-dicked piggy will not be returning to his mommy, back in California,” said Silverberg. 
“Such a big, pretty dicky,” giggled Tammy Spinner, “I'm so jealous! What's it really like, riding on that thing?”
Mayor Silverberg roughly pinched Jade's right nipple, and Jade cried out in pain.
“Mr. Murphy's safety and welfare is now in your hands, Shank. Do you understand?”
Jade nodded dumbly.
“Say you understand,” hissed the Mayor.
“I—I understand.”
“You will do what we tell you to do, or I guarantee that you will be sentenced to five years at Bedford Hills, where life is very precarious, to say the least.”
Silverberg nodded to Spinner, who released her hold, and Jade fell backwards onto the tiles, under the flowing shower stream.
“Believe me, the Judge is one of us. All of them are…” 
Silverberg stood up, and signaled to the guards.
“Take this little shitbag back to her cell. Make sure that she is presentable for her attorney.”
“Get us some extra towels,” barked Senator Spinner, who had a pretty nice ass, Jade had to admit. A Mongoose tattoo snarled at Jade from Spinner's right buttock. Unreal. Jade was hoisted up again, and roughly toweled down by the goons, as Silverberg and Spinner quickly donned their robes, and left by the side door, towels wrapped around their shower-capped heads like hoods.
Thirty minutes later, Jade was led from her cell to an interrogation room where a pony-tailed young man seated himself across the table from her. The clock on the wall indicated that it was 2:45 PM.
“I'm Raymond Fanta, associate of Sara Luptag. Sara and your father are in the air, as we speak.”
Jade began to speak, but Fanta shushed her.
“The walls have ears. Whether you are innocent or guilty of whatever they say you did is irrelevant. You have not yet been formally charged with a crime, OK?  Have you spoken to anyone since you were read your rights? This is important. Did you say anything to the arresting officers? Anything at all?”
“I told them that I wanted a lawyer. Then they left me in a holding cell. I don't know where they took Biggy and the others. Then they made me take a shower and gave me this jumpsuit. Then they brought me here. That's all, Mr. Fanta.”
“Who took you to the shower room?”
“A couple of dykes, you know, goons. They watched me and, um, some other detainees.”
“Did you say anything to the guards or anybody else in the shower room?” 
“No.”
“Good, good. You are under no obligation to speak to anybody except for me, Sara, or the Judge. When he does address you, please, please, be respectful.”
Jade nodded in agreement. Fanta thought that she was a cute little thing, but after reading her case history he knew that she was a loose cannon, a prankster and nothing but trouble. A real firecracker. As he looked at Jade from across the interview table, he also knew that she was holding something back from him, and she couldn't hide the fact that she was scared shitless.
 “OK, Jade. You are under the jurisdiction of the City of New York. They can legally hold you without without bail for 72 hours before charging you. I have already filed a brief to have you released on bail, but the District Court promptly rejected it. Now we are appealing to Federal Court, who will most likely turn us down also, but at least we are going through the motions. It looks like some big-shot's panties are all in a twist, and a political shit-storm has erupted.”
“This wasn't supposed to be political, Mr. Fanta. It's about human rights, and—”
“Everything is political, Miss Jade. President Lasher's enemies, including the current mayor of New York, are using this incident to bash the President. By the way, Vice President Morgan is on her way, so watch out! She's mad as hell, because her main enemy in the Senate, Tamara Spinner of New York, is already here, siding with the Mayor and calling for your public tar and feathering, or worse!”
“I don't understand any of this.”
“Don't even try, it will just melt your brain. Let me and Sara do the thinking, honey. Bring it on, I say! We are going to get you out of here, so don't you worry!”
Jade realized that Fanta was creaming for a fight, and seemed to be confident that they would win. He actually winked at her.
“Bog help the poor bastards, when Sara gets here.”
Jade blurted out, for the benefit of the hidden microphones: “Please, Mr. Fanta, I'll behave myself. I don't want to make any more trouble… I just want Daddy to take me home!”
“Soon, Jade.”

4:00 PM. 
Jade was led back to the same interrogation room, where an attractive 'Legally Blonde' specimen rose from her seat to shake her hand.
“Wendy McElhatton, Public Defenders Office. We are going over to District Court where Ray Fanta is already in conference with the Judge and the DA. I'm along for the ride to make sure that everybody behaves themselves. Do not speak to anybody until you see Raymond, OK?” 
Jade and MacElhatton were then led down to the Tombs parking garage, where Jade was directed to get into the back of a black SUV, the third in a convoy of six identical vehicles. One of the goons placed his hand on her head.
“Watch your head, now. In you go.”
Jade slid into the spacious SUV, and found herself sandwiched in between two guards. “Hey, what about my attorney?” 
“In the next vehicle,” said the driver, without turning his head. “You hush now.”
Once the vehicles emerged from the garage and hit the street, the convoy split apart in different directions to confuse and throw off the television news helicopters that circled around like vultures above the chaotic scene. Jade's vehicle broke free from the others, ran a red light, and narrowly missed clipping a city bus.  

Raymond Fanta, sitting in the Tombs waiting area, was tipped off by a friendly NYPD Detective by the name of Dominic Vanucci.
“Fanta—I just got word that they are moving your kid and a public defender by convoy—a whole two blocks down to the District Courthouse.” 
Fanta blew his top. “WHAT public defender? Are you sure, Vanucci?”
Vanucci passed over his Monkberry phone tuned to NCC News.
“Some Mensa has already tweeted that they are setting up a photo-op with Ptard, Spinner, and Silverberg. The Press are all heading over to City Hall. That's close enough to the District Courthouse.”
“Photo-op… Spinner, you say? I should have known… political bullcrap—” 
“Need a lift, Fanta?”
“You got it, pal. Let me send a YakMail to my partner—”
“Luptag's here in town, Fanta?”
“She is on her way… OK, let's go, man.”

4:30 PM. Jade Shank's SUV was found idling in a parking garage in Chinatown. Her three guards had all been shot to death, and Shank was nowhere to be found. Unfortunately, the garage did not have working security cameras. Neither did any of the other buildings surrounding the parking garage. The SUV's dashcam had likewise been disabled.
4:55 PM. Detective Vanucci's empty unmarked car was found double-parked on Delancey Street, in the Bowery. The car was towed away by the NYPD. 
5:00 PM. Within minutes of the first news bulletins, Prime Minister Ptard's people informed the Mayor's Office that he was flying out of New York within the hour, but he would be more than happy to take a moment to sign the trade and cultural agreement—right away! When Liz Silverberg heard the news, she knew deep down in her dark heart just what was going on, and what had gone down. She knew alright. The Shank girl had been snatched in broad daylight, and there was not a single witness. Three cops shot to death in Lower Manhattan, and not a single fucking witness! 
When Ptard and his bodyguards strolled into the Mayor's office, Liz was shaking so hard that her teeth chattered like a typewriter. Senator Tamara Spinner would not look Ptard in the eye. So much for her brilliant plan to haul Shank out in front of the television cameras to publicly apologize to the Prime Minister and denounce President Lasher. What the hell had happened?
Ptard paid absolutely no attention to Silverberg and Spinner, as he signed the papers with a flourish. He smiled widely when one of his bodyguards rudely interrupted Mayor Silverberg's shaky closing remarks. The goon ambled over to the Mayor's desk, unzipped his pants, and urinated into the desk's corner wastepaper basket. Some of the piss sprayed out onto the side of the desk and the carpet, earning a hearty laugh from the amused Russians. Mayor Silverberg, Senator Spinner, and the other assorted bureaucrats, all stood in stunned silence.
The message was crystal clear: Do not play stupid political games with The Virile One.
Ptard and his party left immediately for the Pan Am Heliport, and from there glided over to a private hanger at Newark Airport, where the Prime Minister's private Gulfstream jet was standing by, along with a large coffin-like crate (classified as a diplomatic pouch). After the crate was loaded, Ptard took off like a bat out of Hell.
Meanwhile, Senator Spinner caught a chopper herself, and hurried with all due speed over to JFK Airport where her jet was primed and ready to go. The Senate Ethics Bill was going to the floor in two hours.

Within minutes of Ptard’s departure, Steve Shank's jet Crescendo touched down and taxied to a stop as the sun went down over dirty industrial New Jersey.
“Daddy's here,” Shank muttered to his attorney Sara Luptag, as they emerged from the jet. To Shank's surprise, they were met on the tarmac by his old friend and associate from the Table Foundation, Vice President Jennifer Morgan, along with her old sidekick, crony, and bass player, Bingham (Bing) Wilson. The VP was also accompanied by ten Secret Service agents who formed a protective circle around the group. The SS goons chatted quietly by way of little radios. Shank knew the drill, and just shrugged. 
Jennifer Morgan looked mighty fine (as ever) although Shank observed that she had more than a few gray hairs in her glorious mop of red hair.
“Jen, what on earth—”
“Bad news, Shankers, very bad news, just breaking, horrible news…” 
Jenny ignored a few stray tears of anger and frustration, and hastily relayed the events of the last two hours. “I just talked with the President, and he is on this, Steve. We will find her, I swear.”
Sara Luptag uttered a few Yiddish swear words. Shank turned away from Jenny and Sara, to gather his thoughts. Jenny shook her head in sympathy. 
“Your associate Raymond Fanta is also missing,” she said to Sara. 
(It wasn't until the next day that Fanta and Detective Vanucci were found in a flophouse hotel room near the Brooklyn Bridge. Fanta was dazed and hung over, but Vanucci was dead, shot in the forehead. Vanucci's sidearm had not been fired, and no murder weapon was found on the scene. Forensics cleared Fanta of any wrongdoing before the day was out.)
Jenny sighed, and shook her head again.
“Something is really fishy about all of this, and I'm at my wits end. I just got word that I have to fly back to DC right away, because duty calls. I made a deal with the Devil when I took this job, and I’m regretting it already.”
Bing pointed over yonder to a jet on the far side of the tarmac.
“Air Force Two is being refueled, and we're almost ready to go. Roll Call's in one hour, and the Senate's gonna vote in two.” 
“I just might have to break a tie vote on the Ethics Bill, so I have to go,” said Jenny, who turned to Shank. “I hate to leave you like this, but I'll be back tomorrow. A few asses around here need kicking.”
“Like that Tammy Spinner bitch,” said Bing.
“Well, I'll be seeing her in a couple of hours,” Jenny sighed.
“I'll be fine, Jen,” said Shank calmly. “You go take care of business back in DC, and I'll proceed to spread a little grease at City Hall and the NYPD.”
Sara Luptag shut her phone. “We're in luck, Shank. Ricardo Radcliffe is on his way from Philly.” Radcliffe was the baddest private detective in the country.
Shank stuck his ukulele under his arm and whipped out his cell phone. “Thanks, Sara. Listen up, everybody. We need to seize the moment and take ownership of the politismós, the narrativa… I intend to choke the bastards with it, and never let them forget who they are fucking with. —Jen, please use your bully pulpit back in DC. Lasher needs to make a statement, with no holds barred. —Excuse me.”
Dropping his ukulele into a trash can, Shank turned and walked away toward the terminal, cell phone at his ear. Jenny shook her head as Bing retrieved the instrument and handed it to Sara.

Jade Shank never remembers her dreams, but she now finds herself in the middle of a real corker, a full blown hardcore nightmare. 
“Hey, where's my attorney?”
 — Suddenly the SUV lurches up the ramp into blinding sunshine—tires screech, horns honk WHAT THE FUCK and the streets rush by with a dizzying blur. Jade suddenly feels really sick and then she and her guards start to puke, like hardcore. She then doubles over and rides out a wave of nausea and vertigo. When she opens her eyes she sees that they are parked in some sort of warehouse loading dock. The place looks deserted except for a old white delivery van. Jade's driver hops out of the SUV, and she sees that he is wearing a gas mask.
Suddenly the man slams violently back against the SUV, and he clutches his gut as he slides slowly out of view, leaving a splatter of blood on the driver's window. Uh-oh. Jade and her guards are completely frozen stupid in their seats—nobody can even move or cry out. With her eyes wide open, Jade watches two men in ski masks yank open the doors to the SUV and methodically shoot her stupefied guards to death. Jade is oddly fascinated by the guns; they have silencers that look like shiny black soup cans. Then the goons pick her up like a sack and lay her face-up in a coffin-like packing crate. A man in a ski mask bends over and wipes her face with a towel. He nods at somebody, and then shuts the box, leaving her in total darkness.
Jade feels the coffin bouncing around and knows that she is in motion, back out in the streets. She can clearly hear car horns, trucks and city buses. Thanks to the dope, she feels no fear, only curiosity. Which direction? Lincoln Tunnel, or Brooklyn Bridge? 
For some reason, she can't shake a tune from her head, so she tries to sing along (la la la, la la la) but her tongue is frozen in her mouth, although she perceives that she is breathing normally. 
Jade's thoughts begin to drift. She knows that she is in big trouble, having just watched three men get shot to death. She is vaguely sorry that she has never believed in God, or the Nous, like her Uncle Mike 'Grasshopper' Chen. Jade Shank has always been a person of action, and not introspection. But now she wants to invoke the Nous, but she doesn't know how. Jade closes her eyes and descends into darkness.

Jade was still deep in slumber when Vladimir Ptard's jet touched down on a restricted runway adjacent to Heathrow Airport. The plane taxied over to a private hanger surrounded by security goons, rolling droids, gadgets and gizmos. The Prime Minister of the Russian Federation emerged from his private cabin and summoned his nurse as he stood by the open hatch. 
“My young guest will sleep for many more hours. If she awakens before I return, make sure that she gets something to eat.”
 Ptard then descended down the ladder and slid into the back of a black bulletproof limousine. He signaled the driver, and the limo moved silently out of the hanger and into the gloom of pre-dawn London, as the sliding doors of the hanger clanged shut behind him.

3: Bathhouse Blues

NCC NewsWire: NO NEW CLUES ON THE WHEREABOUTS OF MISSING HEIRESS JADE SHANK; PRIME MINISTER PTARD SIGNS NYC CULTURAL AGREEMENT

From Phrogg Bervirt's journal:
Jade oh Jade, what have you done? What happened to you and me? Was I really such a wet blanket? Did I cramp your style, and stifle your desire for freedom and new experiences? I'm all grown up now and can take a punch with the best of them, but you didn't need to pull the rug out from under me, you know. I would have let you go… Would it help if I told you that I am over you, and wish you well? But what about Jasmine? You really hurt her, like big time. Did you even think about her feelings? Congratulations! News Flash: Not everybody is as perfect and superior as you, Jade.

I did my best not to dwell on the subject of Jade, so I hung around the bathhouse and listlessly worked on my thesis. What else could I do? A sure case of denial, for sure. The television news was all like total tabloid crap, and the Internet news-sites weren't much better. Fortunately, my bathhouse hideaway had not yet been discovered by the Media, knock on wood. I stocked the fridge with beer and dutifully responded to the many yakmails from my friends and family who were very concerned about how I was doing. (Fortunately, my mom and dad were sailing around the world, thanks to me!)
Jasmine called to inform me that Biggy and the others had been quietly released, with all charges dropped.
“Biggy wants me to take him back, Phinny. I don't know what to do… I think they really messed up his head back there in New York. He's like really scared and paranoid!”
“Where is he, Jas?”
“He's hiding out from the Media down at his sister's place in Santa Barbara, and he really wants me to come on down. He's really sorry about everything—”
“Aw snap… damn Jade and her bullshit forever!”
Jasmine began to cry so I crossed the Rubican and set her free. 
“Listen to me, Jas. I was never really that mad at Biggy, just really disappointed… after all, you and me jumped the shark first, although Jade set us up royally—now don't cry, Jas, just hear me out! All of us are to blame. Go to him, Jas—Biggy needs you and I know that you really care for him. Just take it nice and easy and see how it goes, and if you do take him back, make him earn it, because you have always been the best one of us all and damn well worth it, OK? Chin up now, you hear me?”
“Thanks for the pep talk, Phineas. I really needed to hear that!”
“Looking good, Jas!”
After she hung up, I cried for a little while. Imagine that. Phineas Phrogg Bervirt, international porn stud and game-zine entrepreneur, crying like a pimply high school girl (or boy!), stood up and ditched on prom night.

4: Steve Shank's Blues

I'm telling ya', and this advice is for free: You're likely to be shanked the fuck up if you don't know the streets, your friends, and your enemies.
— Jim Dung

Steve Shank spent the following days and nights in a directed frenzy of activity and motion. He had to remind himself to stop, eat, and catch a little sleep.
“I'm not getting any younger,” he joked to his associates and crew that he gathered around him at a motel, directly across the river from the site of the old World Trade Center. Finding Jade and returning her home safely was their only option, he told Ricardo 'Ricco' Radcliffe, who flew in by helicopter from a family gathering in Philadelphia. Radcliffe sat with Shank and Sara at the kitchen table, as the legendary hotshot pilot Rex Andromedas, newly  arrived from California, conked out in the bedroom.
“Aren't we quite the motley crew,” said Sara.
Shank placed a canvas sports bag on the table, and unzipped it.
“How much do we need to get things rolling here? Money's no object, so don't be shy.”
“OK, Shank,” said Radcliffe, “I need to grease the NYPD, City Hall, and have a little left over for the local Don.”
“I don't care how much it will cost, Ricco. Listen: They tell me I'm worth over two billion dollars these days, although most of it is tied up in trusts for tax reasons, natch… so unfortunately I have, ahem, only a few hundred million dollars of play money at my immediate disposal, although Sara here reminds me that if I even touch one penny over that amount, I'll be stuck for the full bloody tax, and do you know what I say to that?”
That got a laugh from around the table.
“We'll find her, Shank,” said Radcliffe, as he adjusted his shoulder holster. Radcliffe carried concealed weapon permits in New York, New Jersey, California, and a few other states as well. “Someone in the NYPD is shit deep in this, for sure.” Radcliffe stacked some bills on the table top. “200 thousand, Shank. Don't worry, I'll be cool. I have an appointment with the Tick. All you need is cash.”
The Tick was the biggest wheel in the New York underworld. 
“OK, Ricco, and good luck. This motel will remain our headquarters until further notice. I just might go into town myself, and light a few fires for the media. Maybe stir things up a tad when I announce the concert.”
“You lined up, Shank?”
“Madison Square Garden turned me down, thanks to that hack Silverberg. I'm looking elsewhere, and I have some ideas…”
Sara shut her laptop. “Mick Fairclo, in London. Everything's a go, Steve. Your old mates are all on board, healthy, sober, and hungry, really hungry…”
The DMZ reunion was on. Shank's old band mates, Jim Dung (James Stuart Dunham) and Red Half Moon Putney-Stoke-Newington were both broke and creaming for a break. Shank had resisted the idea for a reunion for years, but he needed his mates now. Events had forced his hand. The buzz and publicity surrounding the long-sought DMZ reunion would help keep Jade's plight on the front pages and television news, and that was all that mattered.

Ricardo Radcliffe's visit with the Tick was short, but fruitful. Don Termini received him in the back room of his furniture warehouse, right behind Jovino's Gun Shop in Little Italy. The old crook was actually relieved to see him, and wouldn't even take Radcliffe's cash 'gratuity'. 
“Please tell your Boss that all of this must be some sort of a mistake, a misunderstanding. I did not authorize this, Radcliffe. Believe me, I am looking into this, and Jesus help the wise-ass who set this up. I am going to burn this topo di fogna and piss in his eyes. Come back here tomorrow, and hopefully we will have something more substantial to give you.” The Tick paused. “This is an outrage, an infamia. These people are barbarians! I will do everything in my power to help this man, this Stephen Shank find his daughter, as any good father would.”
“I will relay your message to Mr. Shank, Don Termini.”
“I despise violence, Radcliffe. Ask anybody in the neighborhood. I am a father, a grandfather. There is no crime in this neighborhood—none. My policies are pro-life, peace and love.”
The Tick placed his index finger on his Third Eye Patch, and Radcliffe nodded in acknowledgment. The Tick rose from his seat. “Come back and see me tomorrow.”
Radcliffe stood, and kissed the Tick's outstretched hand.
“Thank you, Don Termini. I will inform my boss, and spread the word.”

Before the day was out, Radcliffe had spent 90 thousand dollars, primarily among informers and contacts in the NYPD and City Hall, and about 4:00 PM, he set up shop in Moe's Deli on Fourth Street. (Moe was an old associate.) The word was out, and during the course of the afternoon and evening hours, a number of New York's finest dropped by with tips. He finally hit pay dirt when a woman in a burka slipped into the deli, and clumsily passed him a flash drive and a note that read: 
I need to leave town. 100 K and I will personally hand you Liz Silverberg's balls in a nutcracker. Be here alone, 9:00 AM.
The woman was gone before Radcliffe finished reading the note.
Radcliffe plugged the drive into his laptop and smiled grimly. The video quality was excellent, considering all of the steam in the shower room. The loop clearly showed Jade Shank entering the shower and getting decked by the dyke from the next stall. The loop cut out after twenty seconds.

The woman in the burka was actually a guy named Nick O'Malley, just a worker drone, a goon down at the Tombs. The shower cam had been just a harmless prank, at least at first. Most of the female talent that passed through the Tombs were skags and hardly worth the trouble, but this video was dynamite, pure gold, and O'Malley's ticket out of New York. Florida was the ticket, or maybe Phoenix. No matter. Nick O'Malley was going to settle down easy in a place where there were blue skies, clean air, and cleaner women.
He ducked into the subway a few blocks from Moe's, and hopped on a train uptown to Grand Central, where he ducked into a photo booth, removed his burka, and stashed it into a plastic shopping bag. He then hopped a southbound train and headed right back down to Fourth Street.
Super paranoid, O'Malley checked into a cheap hotel a few blocks from the deli, and spent the night in a state of hardcore fear. His sense of uneasiness only increased during the pre-dawn  hours, and he couldn't sleep. At dawn's light he was sure that he was being watched, although he didn't know how he knew this. 
At 6:00 AM. O'Malley was actually dozing when a loud crash against the door startled him right out of his skin!
“NYPD. Open the door, O'Malley.”
Game over. Another loud crash and the whole floor shook. Nick worked fast. With trembling hands, he jammed a flashdrive into his Monkberry pad, and uploaded the file to his NoseBook page, linked via his Twattle account, and most importantly, his YakCloud—done! Nick spun around with his hands in the air, right when the door flew off its hinges—“Wait!”—and he was struck by a hail of bullets, and that was all for Nick O'Malley.
The woman in the burka never did show up at Moe's Deli, but by 9:00 AM, millions of people, including Ricardo Radcliffe, had already seen Nick O'Malley's full-length Jade Shank Shower Video. By 10:30 Federal Marshals armed with warrants gathered at City Hall, amid a sea of media vultures and sharks. Mayor Silverberg's blood was in the water. By 11:00 AM, it was all over. Elizabeth Silverberg was found sitting on the toilet in her private bathroom, pistol laying at her feet. She had shot herself through her right eye.

Sara Luptag called Radcliffe at about 11:30.
“Ray Fanta has been found alive and kicking, Ricardo. Thank Bog. But Vanucci is dead, and they are holding Fanta, pending investigation. I'll get him out of there; nobody really thinks that he whacked that detective.”
“Good luck, Sara. Hey, what about that public defender?” 
“Wendy McElhatton? The woman doesn't exist, natch. There's nobody by that name in the Public Defenders Office.”
“Right! —I guess you've seen the video, and heard about Silverberg.”
“Indeed. Strange days, Radcliffe.”
“Has Shank seen it yet?”
“I was with him. I cursed, I wept, but Shank just sat there, still as a statue. He's madder than hell, of course. That poor girl…”
“Sara, I have another appointment with the Tick. I think I know where all of this is going.”
“I'll pass it on. Good luck, Ricco.”
Outside Moe's, Radcliffe hailed a cab. “Mulberry Street,” he told the turbaned cabbie.
“I think no can do, not down there. Bad shit, bombs, explosions, down there on Mulberry Street.”
The cabby turned up his police radio, and Radcliffe shook his head. 
Level 4 (Task Force) 10-33 (Explosion) at Termini's Furniture Depot, multiple casualties.
“Let's check it out anyway, and see if you can get me within walking distance.”
The cab pulled out onto Fourth Street.

“Luckily, no civilians were killed,” said Radcliffe three hours later, nursing a beer back at the motel. “The furniture store was empty of customers, thank Bog. But the Tick, and all of his top capos are dead.”
Shank shook his head. “So what's all this ballyhoo about Vladimir Ptard, Sara? Do you really think that he snatched Jade?”
Sara sighed heavily. “This isn't the first time that someone, usually a female, has mysteriously vanished in conjunction with an appearance or an event involving the Virile One. More than a dozen young women in Moscow alone have disappeared, according to my sources. Most of these girls were activists, or punks like those Moist and Juicy Girls.”
Shank turned back to Radcliffe. “Can Ptard actually pull something like this off, here in New York?”
“Not directly… this was an inside job. I'm pretty sure that he had nothing to with the executions of Jade's guards or that detective. I'm betting that Ptard's spooks contracted some rogue cops, or maybe a rival crime boss with a grudge. Ptard didn't order the Tick's death—why would he even bother? He got what he wanted… somebody else found an opportunity to settle an old score, I guess. It's also a sure bet that Silverberg wasn't involved with any of this, but she WAS thick with the Mob, that's for sure.”
“Right,” said Sara. “We know that Silverberg was up to no good, but we can't establish a link to Ptard. Liz just got caught in the crossfire, and with that shower video and all, well, she must have decided that it was a good time as any just to bail out.”
“Don't forget Tamara Spinner, Steve,” said Marsha Portrero, who had just arrived from California. Portrero was the editor and publisher of the Eco-Tittler, a popular political-gossip rag and blogsite. She was also the fiery on-and-off doxy to Ricco Radcliffe, and a very good woman to have on your side. 
“Spinner wanted to use Jade to bludgeon President Lasher. That stupid bitch is now in over her head, having been outfoxed by Ptard. That's the way it always is with these political geniuses… things always spin out of control, real fast.”
Shank sat back with his eyes closed and chanted barely above a whisper, “Ptard… Ptard… we never really knew ye, did we, Vladdy?”
Rex Andromedas, rested, showered, and fresh as a daisy, stuck his head into the room. “Tiger Lily has just been given clearance, Marsha.”
Portrero was flying on to Riga, Latvia; the Tittler was going to be 'on the scene' for this year's Baldenbird Conference, the annual shindig and fish fry of the New World Order of The Pyramid and the Great Illuminati Eye of the Ouroboros. DeathCo's secretive conference was in ten days, but Marsha wanted to do some research and get in some sightseeing, as well.
“Riga is real a kick in the summertime. I have some good friends there.”
“Riga…” Shank mused. “Riga! When is this bald bird thing happening, Marsha?”
“August 15, to the 20th.”
Shank pushed himself away from the table. 
“DMZ Reunion Concert in Solidarity with The Moist and Juicy Girls, Riga, Latvia! Free Concert!”
“Oh my Bog,” muttered Sara.
“Let's do it, people. Marsha, let's stay in constant contact. Let's spread the word. I want every kid from Paris to Moscow to be there, or be nowhere!”
Shank turned to Sara. “Keep a line open with Mick Fairclo in London. I don't want to even step one foot in England. Let's find a place in, um, Stockholm or Helsinki, a private, secluded place where we can rehearse. Oh—” Shank's mind was racing. “—see if that Susan Python is still around.”
Python was the Assistant Consul in Moscow, who had attended Vlad Ptard's press event where Jade had tossed her water balloon that had turned the entire world over on it's head. 
“I want to see who is she working for—Ptard, or us…”
Shank flipped open his YakPhone. “Jenny-O, are you on a secure line?”
The big wheel was turning, once again.


2) Devils and Englishmen

5: The Fraternity Of Lucifer (LucisCo) 

Ascended Master: Benjamin Grimm Wilde 

The title ‘Ascended Master’ is primarily a ceremonial one, although most Luciferites worldwide generally refer to him, and seek his blessing in their endeavors and enterprises. The Master is usually called upon to settle disputes among warring factions, and customarily hosts the yearly Luciferian Conference.

Associated Masters: (The Twelve)
The AM are independent of the Master’s direct jurisdiction, but are generally supportive and show ritualistic ‘fealty’ to him. Associate Masters have been known to challenge the Ascended Master for Mastery; the contest is always fought to the death. 
(Rumored) Associated Masters of Lucifer:
Honorary Grand Member, and Professor Emeritus: Willard Prescott, USA 
Krishna O’Bannon; Irish Rocker (WMD), Dublin
Rene Bruno, Rothberg Banking Consortium, Brussels
Henri Mardoux; Gallery Owner and Munitions Manufacturer, Paris
Tamara Spinner; Media Heiress, Senator, NYC, USA
‘Mr. Lee’; Arms Merchant, Financier, Hong Kong
Ari Cohen ‘The Great One’; Arms Merchant, Tel Aviv, Karachi, Mumbai, etc.
Gregor Paulos; Outlaw Hedge Fund Master and International Fugitive
Vladimir Ptard; The most powerful and virile man in the world, Moscow
'Avataro' Adam Kane; Creator of 'Mongoose' and the current Chaplain of the UN
Ginky Trueblood, Childrens Cartoon Character, Hollywood, USA
Pearl E. Gates; Televangelist, USA
Barclay Winzer, the Prince of Wales, UK

Past Associates:
GOG (Dellingsworth Hogsmoth III)
MAGOG (M. W. Piltdown)
THOR (Phillip Hammer)

6: The Transformation of Natty Danko

You believe that there is one God; you do well: the demons also believe, and tremble. 
— James the Just

The person who sins will die. The son will not bear the punishment for the father's iniquity, nor will the father bear the punishment for the son's iniquity; the righteousness of the righteous will be upon himself, and the wickedness of the wicked will be upon himself. 
— Ezekiel 18:20

August 2, London, UK
Natasha 'Natty' Danko drove up from Chelsea to Circus Road, in nervous anticipation of her appointment with the Master. She took the long way around via Notting Hill, because of the crowds and the massive traffic tie-ups near the City Center. The air in the suburbs was mostly clear and free from the dark smoky haze that drifted up from the river and the inner city. The Master's residence in St. John's Wood was a world away from her home neighborhood of Chelsea. 
St. John's was the end of the line.
Luciferian Master Benjamin 'Grimm' Wilde's estate was just a stone's throw away from the St. John's Wood Synagogue, and the famous Abbey Road Studios were just around the corner, which was only appropriate. Grimm's place had been lovingly dubbed 'Octopus' Garden', back in the seventies. Beezlebub's spread was the envy of the neighborhood and occupied an entire block, although parcels facing the streets on all four sides were leased out to worthy and discreet tenants. The interior gardens rivaled the best of Regent's Park.
After being admitted through the security gate facing Circus Road, Natty continued on through the trees and parked her Jaguar right in the front of Grimm's stately manor house. The Master's old Rolls limousine was the only other vehicle in view, which was unusual because the Master usually surrounded himself with bodyguards, flunkies, and assorted spare wheels.
The Master himself had summoned her. Something was up, which was very inconvenient for Natasha Danko because, damn the luck, she just happened to be having a nervous breakdown. This had been building up for a while, and the Master's ill-timed summons only fueled her nervous suspicions that bordered on paranoia. She clung desperately to her rigid, outer persona, because inconvenience or not, it was time for Natasha Danko to be tested.
Natty was 28 years old, had reddish brown hair, and stood five feet four in her stocking feet. She was a chameleon whose face could blend in with the crowd and in the next moment stop a clock or launch a thousand ships. Not one who was quick to smile or express anger, Danko was a no-nonsense bird who preferred a quick, clean, kill. She only killed when there was no other option. Some of the fools were so thick that they literally went out of their way, begging for her to pull the trigger. 
“Shoot me, please,” and she willingly obliged them, and told herself that she never whacked anyone that didn't have it coming, and it was true. Every person that she had sanctioned over the years had already committed murder or even worse. Natty was intolerant of bullies and sadists and was merciless in rooting them out of the ranks. Stories and rumors abounded, and her fame preceded her among her allies in the underworld and her adversaries in the Police and Government Ministries.
Natty Danko was Benjamin Grimm Wilde's personal enforcer in London.
She did not dedicate her social life to please or be pleased by men, and she expected the feeling to be mutual on the very few occasions when she allowed the male sex to share her bed, or so the rumors went. Was she a lesbian? Nobody around the scene knew for sure. Natasha herself seemed to be above it all, as she cruised about Chelsea, Soho, and the City of Westminster in her custom bottle-green Jaguar. She did have her oddities, such as her love for riding hoods and capes, but she loved sexy silk dresses and extreme high heels. The most 'dangerous' woman in London Town.
 All of that was Danko's public face and legend, but cracks had begun to appear in the facade, as she approached her twenty-ninth birthday. Her hard aloofness was in fact just her way of showing her late father that she loved and honored him, insane as it sounded. It really was just a script that she had written and starred in, having written the very first page on her thirteenth birthday, the night her daddy was smothered in a dry-cleaning laundry bag by that jolly bloody pirate William Gallows I. Even though her beloved father was dead and gone, she still wanted to stand tall in his eyes.
But late at night when her uptight ego was at low tide, she questioned it all, and sometimes wept uncontrollably. It was in those moments of doubt and weakness that she admitted to herself that she needed to find a way out, because something had to give. 
(It was unfortunate that the Third Eye Patch was not yet widely available in the UK because of political, cultural, and economic reasons. Natty Danko was a prime candidate for its benefits.)
Natty always insisted to Grimm that she was an atheist, and that the Luciferians were all full of bollocks, including the Master himself, who only laughed: “That's alright, Natasha! It doesn't matter whether you believe in Lucifer, but he believes in you, my dear!”
“You people are just as stupid as the C of E!” (Church of England)
“Ouch! That was a low blow, Danko!”
The Master loved the scathing barbs and insults from his edgy, sexy little assassin, although he would not tolerate it from anyone else, in or out of his circle. 
Natty herself did not reject outright the concepts of right and wrong; she understood them completely. And except for the late Sir William Gallows, Danko did not love OR hate any particular person or thing, and she never acted out of malice, or so she told herself. But she knew that the world was an unjust, unfair place, because the man who had murdered her father was dead, and fate had robbed her of her long-sought and long-planned revenge.

“Welcome to Satan Central,” Danko muttered to herself, as she rang the front doorbell. The Master himself, Benjamin Grimm Wilde, answered the door. He wore his trademark white and gold sarong, a white tank top undershirt, and sandals. His hair was long and white and hung down to his shoulders.
“Come on in, Danko! We have the whole place to ourselves today!”
Indeed. 
“The better for no witnesses, O Master?” said Danko, as she entered the foyer. She was wearing a sheer silk skirt of nightshade blue with a matching riding hood lined with scarlet velvet. 
“It's a dark day, Dweezil,” she added, as she swished past the Master. Grimm shut the front door and placed his hand on her rump, which she swatted away like a fly.
“Just my kind of day, love,” said Grimm, licking his lips. “Would you consent to let me sodomize you?”
“Hooy na ny, petookh opooscheny!” (No fucking way, you raped prison bitch!) 
“I see that you have kept up your Russian, my sweet young viper. You keep me at a disadvantage!”
“Thank you, Master.” Natty sat down in a luxurious leather chair and crossed her legs.
“That's my seat, Danko.”
“Oo, and it feels just like butter, yum-yum!”
Grimm laughed, and found another chair.
“You win, Shliushka. (Little Slut) I have a job for you; but first, fill me in on today's developments.”
Danko sighed. “As you know, Sire, Nigel Flinth was knighted by the Queen today…”
Grimm shook his head in disgust. “And the adoring mobs?”
“Indeed. Flinth and his Yankee bitch entered the city on a barge, launched from Henley-on-Thames. Young Prince Henry, our esteemed Duke of Cambridge, received him right on the Victorian Embankment and escorted him to the Palace with cheering crowds all along the way. Traffic is still at a standstill, and I had to take the long way around.”
Both Natty and Grimm lit cigarettes and blew smoke at each other.
“Beloved Henry Winzer,” said Grimm, “has all the qualities, virtues, and intelligence of a noble horse.” 
“And is quite ready for the knackers,” replied Natty. “Good looking fellow, although he has a thing for ladies knickers and silk stockings.”
“My spies tell me that besides his love for lingerie, he has a secret mistress, Natty.” 
“I've heard the rumors. A shadow woman who goes by the name of 'Red Patty'. Anyway, he is a sitting duck for Edward.” 
Edward was The Duke of York, and Henry's wild and crazy younger brother. 
Grimm smiled like a reptile. “I daresay, Danko. My young redhead Eddie is cunning, intelligent, and not afraid to get his hands bloody! He has my backing, of course, along with many of my friends, here in the UK, and on the Continent.” 
What Grimm didn't mention was that young Prince Edward came home from his obligatory 'tour of duty' in Afghanistan hopelessly addicted to crystal meth, and that Grimm was his main supplier. Perfect!
“Meanwhile,” said Natty, “Good Prince Henry has the backing of Nigel Flinth, and most 'decent' people. But with the flight of the Prince of Wales and the Queen Mum's precarious health…”
The aging Prince of Wales, fearing that his mother would outlive him, was recently implicated in a plot involving renegade Irish environmentalists, to poison the sainted Queen. The plot was exposed by 'The Bonny Black Prince', the infamous half-breed hip-hop artist who claims to be the Prince of Wales' bastard son, and the Queen's grandson. The P of W had eluded arrest, and was reported to be hiding on his yacht in international waters, tended only by a few of his remaining servants. Not one country had offered him asylum.
Natty continued: “So here comes Mr. Nigel Flinth out of nowhere! Our new 'Man of the People' positioning himself to take advantage of the current vacuum of power and leadership. And with three or more Bonny Black Princes on the scene, with each one denouncing and bickering back and forth with each other, confusion and chaos reign throughout the realm…”
It was believed in certain circles that Nigel Flinth was an agent of the American President Dennis Lasher, and was poised to step into the vacuum of power left as a result of the untimely death of Sir William Gallows. With the absence of the Prince of Wales and the lack of clear leadership in the current Prime Minister's shaky coalition government, a clear opportunity had presented itself for a strong, powerful leader to maneuver himself into power.
The strongest player behind the scenes was Sir Malachi Beedle, a savvy financier, power broker and Gallows ally who had no chance to go any further, primarily because he was Jewish, and in the UK, that just not would do. But whoever emerged from the coming brawl would need Beedle's support and backing.
Life was precarious indeed for the good Prince Henry, as cunning Edward hung back patiently in the wings, waiting for the right time to make his move… Grimm and his allies were placing their money on Edward, who would then seize control, abolish or neuter the House of Commons, and restore the rightful House of Lords to its former prominence. If everything went according to plan, Edward would be crowned King, Benjamin Grimm Wilde would be appointed the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Gates of Hell would swing wide open.
Natty Danko thought it was all a bunch of bloody nonsense, but prudently kept her opinion to herself.
“And what about Flinth's brother, the scorned one?” said Grimm. “Our pussycat who pretends to be a lion?”
That would be William Gallows II, disgraced son of the late buffoon, Sir William Gallows I, the man whose claim to fame was that he liquidated the infamous Danko Brothers, one of whom was Boris Danko, Natty's beloved father. 'Willy' had neither the savvy nor the balls of his late father, and when the news broke that journalist Nigel Flinth was actually the eldest son of the old sod, and had inherited a controlling interest in the vast Gallows Media Corporation, Willy experienced  a nervous breakdown, a messy divorce, and an even messier lawsuit involving his pregnant mistress. He was only 26 years old, being only two years younger than Natty.
“I have him safely stashed at my beach house, near Torquay,” said Natty. “He barely escaped from the mobs in the city with his skin intact.”
All hell broke loose when Flinth returned to the UK a hero. Gallows, hurt and confused by his father's betrayal, made a phony pathetic threat on Flinth's life, via 'The Bonny Black Prince'. The hoax was exposed by one of Gallows' own servants. The 'People' turned on young William, and Natty Danko's boys scooped him up, with only minutes to spare. 
“Did you know that his place in Mayfair burned down? That mob was pretty well organized, Master. Gallows owes his bloody life to me. Anyway, he is safe and sound, in body if not in mind. My man Mirkle is watching over him, and as far as I am concerned, he can stew out there in the West Country until I can get him safely across the Channel to Normandy.” 
Danko could not hide the disgust in her voice, Grimm noted.
“Don't let past grudges get the best of you, pet. Young Gallows has a role to play, if you haven't forgotten.”
“I haven't, your Lordship, and I don't hold a grudge. Why would I? He didn't kill my father…”
“Willy is a handsome young chap, you must admit.”
“Looks aren't everything, Master. Look at you!”
“Touché, darling. Anyway, I do need your help with young Gallows. I intend to rehabilitate his public image, when the time comes.”
Willy was an old schoolmate of Prince Edward, and Grimm wanted to make good use of him.
“Feed the hungry bee, Natasha dear.”
Natty sighed. “Yes, Sire. Just don't ask me to sleep with him.”
Grimm laughed with glee. “I'm not only asking you, Danko, I am ordering you to! Fornicate yourselves silly, and I want full reports!”
Danko closed her eyes, and held her tongue in check. All fun and barbs aside, when the Master gave an order, one complied, or died. Natty had neither the will nor experience, let alone the inclination, to go up against the Master. Others, far more advanced than Natty Danko, had tried, and lost. Natty had to go to Willy Gallows, and that was that.
Grimm smiled and nodded at her acquiesce, and submission to his will. 
“As I said, something has come up, over in the States, and you will have to go and investigate. You will be briefed in full by my main man Gunther. Go get your hair done and pack your bags, Natty darling. You and Willy Gallows will fly out to California together. Utilize all of your considerable charms and powers of persuasion that you can muster, regarding young Gallows. Marry him if you must, but get him out of the UK, and keep him out of trouble.”
Grimm leaned forward, and leered at her. “We could have anal sex, you and I, and no one would be the wiser.”
That was the Master's signal that all was back to business as usual, and Natty was free again to unleash her tongue. 
“Not this year, Master. It's against my religion, and besides, don't you have a manservant for that sort of thing?”
Grimm laughed heartily. “You win, Danko! Would you like a cup of tea, before you snog the serpent?”
“Oh bloody hell, let's just get it over with.”
 Grimm opened his sarong and giggled with glee as Natty rose from her seat and dropped to her knees to do the deed. All subordinates from the inner circles, male and female, were required to snog the serpent before taking the Master's leave. It was an old and honored tradition, from past Masters.
“Do it again with feeling, Lamashtu!”
Natty took Grimm's limp member in her hand and kissed it again, with a loud, wet smack.
“That wasn't so bad, was it? You know the rules, and it is hardly too much to ask for just one friendly little snog, don't you think?”
Natty rose from her knees. “It means nothing to me, Sire.”
“Splendid! The Master's title does come with certain privileges, my dear.”
“Pizda ti jopoglazaya.” (You are a vagina with eyes on your ass!)
“Zap! That one scored, Natasha. Right. Gunther will call you. Go see to young Gallows, and get your passports together. Send me a postcard from San Francisco!”
Grimm could not resist the temptation to squeeze Natty's rump as she swished past him out the front door. He waved from the stoop as she slid into her Jag and drove slowly down the sloping driveway past the gardens under the overhanging canopy of oak, fern, and elm trees.
When she was safely around the corner from Grimm's estate, she pulled over into a parking space right in front of the famed Abbey Road Studios. Gripping the Jaguar's steering wheel tight, she screamed and screamed until her eyes were red and her throat was raw. No one heard or took notice of Natty Danko, behind her tinted and soundproofed windows. After a quiet interval, she felt calm enough to start her car, and she cautiously wheeled out into traffic, destination: Sunny South Kensington.

After a light lunch and a few shots of gin, Natty drove over to Luna's Salon in Knightsbridge for a complete makeover, on Grimm's orders. 
“You are looking a little Goth these days,” Grimm had told her, “and young Gallows has an eye for women with a softer look.”
Luna Luyubov was an old mate of Natty's from Soho, and had since moved on up the ladder and established a trendy salon in Knightsbridge. Luna first washed all of the red and black streaks out of Natty's hair, restoring it to her original dark brown. Natty chose a soft wave and hassle-free layered cut. After a mud and avocado bath, she said “wot the hell” and had her legs and pudenda waxed and trimmed.
“What would you like?” asked Luna, “Landing Strip, or Flaming Bush?”
“Flaming Bush,” replied Natty, from under her avocado moisturizing face-mask.
“Put on some music, love, would you?”
Luna piped in Jennifer Morgan and the Hermes Quartet, while Natty lay back on the table and daydreamed about her upcoming encounter and seduction of William Gallows II, that handsome but befuddled mess of a man. They weren't at all strangers, Natty and Willy. Both of them had attended the same primary school in Soho, and because of their father's partnership, were sometimes saddled with the same nannies and babysitters. Willy had always been a good chap, she recalled. But then, overnight, things had changed, of course. Natty now had mixed feelings about the whole business, because after all, Willy had been only eleven or twelve years old when his old man rubbed out her father, and was hardly accountable, but damn it all, he still was a Gallows.
The sins of the fathers…
Some time into the procedure, Natty suddenly sensed another presence in the room and heard Luna stifle a gasp. Before she could even react and raise herself upright, her arms and legs were pinned flat down on the table, and that was that. Her avocado mask rendered her blind, but she could hear heavy breathing and grunting, and smelled beer and peppermints. To her disgust, she could feel someone gently blowing on her exposed yoni.
“Relax, Danko, it's only me,” said the unmistakable basso voice of Gunther Lewis, Grimm's number two man, and number one pervert and butt-boy.
“Hi Natty!” chirped a girly voice, that of Wheeley Downs, pornographic soap actress, remote viewer, and comic relief provider for Grimm's inner circle.
“I've always wanted to do one of these, Danko,” said Gunther, as he abruptly yanked a wax strip free, causing Natty to yelp out involuntarily. 
“You have such a lovely punani!” he added.
Wheeley giggled gaily as Natty sighed deeply, using all of her willpower to remain calm, and keep her cool.
“Keep your fingers out of where they don't belong, Lewis, or I will have your balls. Wait a minute, you don't have any…”
Wheeley giggled again, as Gunther ran his hands up and down Natty's legs.
“Not to worry, darling. Maybe some other time, knock on wood. Time presses. I'll be out in the waiting room, while Luna here, finishes your, hmm, makeover. —Promptly, if you don't mind.”
The hands holding her down released their grip.
“Come on boys, there's nothing to see in here.”
Gunther and his spare wheels left the room, and Natty relaxed and let out a deep sigh of relief.
“I'm so sorry, Natty,” cried Luna, “Those brutes rushed right in and overwhelmed me.”
“Don't worry, Luna. Let's finish up and call it a day.”

Once outside in the waiting room. Natty was nothing but serene. Smiling, she strode right up to the giggling Gunther, winked, and put her arm around his shoulder.
“Have you had your fun, Gunther love? Honor is due—damn it all anyway, but you sure got the jump on me! All kidding aside, don't you think you should apologize to my friend Luna, for your swinish behavior?”
Luna stood in the doorway, silent and wide eyed. 
Gunther nodded, and was about to speak, when he found a knife held close against his throat. Gunther lurched, and his knees buckled. Natty smiled, and said to Wheeley, “Lovey, why don't you go somewhere and snog somebody's knobbies. Take your droogs with you.”
Wheeley was bottle-blonde, had fake boobs, and although it was summer, wore a ankle-length fake fur coat over red thigh-high boots, thong panties, and nothing else. Wheeley actually giggled; that was about all she knew how to do beside making porno videos and servicing the Master's inner circle.
“On your way now,” said Natty, “My arm is getting tired here, and I would hate to let this blade slip.”
“Do it,” grunted Gunther, “I'll see you all back at the Master's. Big night tonight. Go on.”

Natty drove Gunther over to Soho in her Jaguar. They repaired to an upstairs room at Pegg's Pub, off Scarborough Street. Centrally located, Pegg's was designated as a sanctuary, neutral ground, and a time-out spot for the warring factions of the London underworld, media types, hookers, cops, and the younger, more cutting-edge members of the Royal Family. Musicians and movie stars rubbed elbows with outlaws, outlaw wannabes, and the great unwashed.
Danko and Gunther each nursed a pint of brew, and got down to business.
“You shouldn’t have done that in front of my spare wheels, Danko,” said Gunther jovially. 
“Oh really, Lewis? Shame on you for making me do that to you. What were you thinking? And bringing that bimbo into my space—”
“Wheeley is a beautiful human being, and provides a valuable service. Besides being a top-notch remote viewer, she has been voted the top Page 3 Girl of the Year, for the past two years running. Why are you so cynical?”
“Our dear Wheeley can also suck a golf ball through a garden hose, I've been told. Enough! —You are here to brief me, I believe.”
“Indeed, Danko. A lot of things are happening all at once, and this job, well, we feel that you are the perfect person to see to it. Look here—”
Gunther opened a folder, and handed Natty a memo.
“The Master has recently come into the knowledge that members of the Table Foundation have in their possession Boffin Syznic and Al Leong's long-lost and much rumored about so-called 'missing patch-applications'. We believe that we have the inside exclusive scoop on this information, ahead of our competitors. If you recall, a lot of key information regarding Syznic and Leong's activities was lost in the destruction of MacroEye Corporate Headquarters, last October.”
Natty nodded, as she scanned the printout. She remembered the case. Bob and Loretta Knobbler had been longtime pupils of the Master, but the nasty couple had grown big heads and went 'rogue'. The maniacs almost brought down Armageddon on all of their heads. The matter was settled when US President Lasher dropped a neutron bomb on Valhalla (Macro Corporate Headquarters), and that was that.
“Extreme—” Natty muttered. Gunther took a sip of his brew and continued.
“You also might recall that the Master once tried to recruit Al Leong, but was turned down. Pity for Leong; look what happened to him…”
The story was that Leong had been tortured and beheaded by Loretta Knobbler, 'beloved' socialite and philanthropist. There was also a story going around that Leong's head had somehow escaped the destruction of Valhalla, and was now in the possession of somebody big in the Luciferian Order.
“Get to the point, Lewis.”
“We have reason to believe that these devices have been passed on to some kid who goes by the name of Phrogg—that's a frog with a P-H, Danko.”
Natty shook her head. “Why all the secrecy? Is this thingy some sort of newfangled weapon?”
“Let's just say that we would like to keep this thingy under the radar from certain members of the Royal Family, our Russian cousins and their virile leader, not to mention our allies in the bloody EU.”
Natty raised her eyebrows. “I thought that the Master and Ptard were both like really good mates, two peas in a pod—or am I wrong?”
“Let me tell you something, Danko. This, um, thing that this Phrogg has, either in his possession, or in his head, could well be the Golden Goose. This application could propel Prince Edward and the Master to the top of the food chain, and restore Great Britain to its former and rightful glory. Circumstances do change, and alliances do shift, as you well know. Ptard, Gregor Paulos, and the Euro Banksters would be more than happy to throw their own mothers under the bus if it gave them unfair advantage. All of us put our own interests ahead of brotherly love. Ptard is unhappy and is threatening to shut down the natural gas pipelines into the EU, and the UK in particular. So there it is.”
 Natty shook her head. “What is this really all about? I refuse to operate completely in the dark.”
“Oh really?”
“Don't play games with me, Lewis. The Master would be concerned, and downright suspicious, if I did not have any questions.”
Gunther Lewis smiled, and nodded in the affirmative.
“You are right, of course. The Master anticipated your request, and has put aside his own directive on 'Need to Know'—just for this one time, Danko, and only just for you.”
Gunther leaned close to Natty, close enough to kiss, and whispered:
“What all of this is really about… is the answer to everything, little Lamashtu. The answer to all of our questions, and the solution to all of our problems. The Philosopher's Stone. The Universal Field. Or, on a more practical level: Cheap and Unlimited Energy—energy that we can wield and control. Knock the Russians, Yanks, and A-rabs over on their arses. The whole bloody planet, and everything on it, can, and will, be ours. And this Phrogg chap is the key.”

Both Natty and Gunther took a time out, lit cigarettes, and blew smoke around the room, unmindful of the smoking ban. Pegg's Pub was owned by the Master, and people tended to mind their own bloody business in Grimm's pubs and establishments. Gunther went downstairs, and returned a few moments later with a couple of stouts. They both took a healthy swig, as Gunther pulled a plastic zip-lock baggie out of his inside coat pocket, and tossed it on the table. 
“Petra Romain's current passport, debit and other personal cards, and some travelers' checks. Petra will fly from Shannon to San Francisco, accompanied by one William Gallows II, for a vacation in the Golden State.”
Petra Romain was Natty's secure identity and alter-ego. Petra was a quiet and modest young woman living on a trust fund, in south London. Natty spent one or two days a month at the residence, which was out of sight from nosy and prying neighbors. Petra was a good citizen who paid her bills and taxes on time, kept to herself, and stayed out of trouble.
“Petra, your mission is to recruit this Phineas Phrogg Bervirt, funnel him safely to a contact in Vancouver, and then on to a secret lab and facility in Ireland. If he does not cooperate, make sure that he does not get the chance to cooperate with anyone else. Do you understand, Danko? Bervirt can only work for us, or nobody.”

“Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.” 
― Sun Tzu, The Art of War

“Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are.” 
― Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince

After Gunther takes his leave, Natty sits quietly for a long time, but alarms are ringing in her head. Her calm outer facade is hanging together only by a thread, threatening to completely unravel. The day's events have pushed her to the edge, and she knows that she is at the end of her tether. Her anchor is starting to come loose, and she begins to scream inside: “Flee, Natasha, flee! Run for your life!”
Natty knows that if she loses control and screams aloud, she might not be able to stop this time. She closes her eyes as a fog encompasses her, and she sees the Master's leering face in her mind.
“Fornicate yourselves silly, and I want full reports!”
Gunther Lewis' grinning mug comes into view. 
“You have such a lovely punani!” 
Natty shifts her inner gaze, and drifts back through foggy time… and when the fog clears, she finds herself back at her childhood home in St. Anne's Court. Boris Danko hums absently as he sits in his favorite armchair, cleaning a gun. He looks up from his chore, brightens, and beckons thirteen year-old Natty to come over and sit in his lap.
“Uf ! Vy slishkom tyazhelyy dlya menya, devochka!” (Oof! You are too heavy for me, girl!) Natty slides off his lap, and sits on the armrest. Boris continues to clean his gun, as Natty watches closely.
“Smith and Wesson .38 snub-nose revolver, a grand old gun, girl. Maybe a little too noisy and scary for these gentle times! Smotrite vnimatel'no. (Watch closely.) See how the cartridge spins and snaps in just so?”
Three hours later, as Natty sleeps upstairs, someone sneaks into the residence, gets the jump on the dozing Boris Danko, and smothers him in a plastic dry-cleaning bag. Early the next morning, Natty is awakened by a kindly female bobby, who covers the girl's head with a blanket as she leads her past her daddy's body, sprawled grotesquely in his favorite armchair…
Natty sighs as she opens her eyes, and finds herself back in Pegg's Pub. Music is playing downstairs, and she can hear the late afternoon traffic outside the open window.
“I've got to get away from here,” she mutters aloud, and then focuses on what she has to do, on the morrow. 
Damn Benjamin Grimm, the pervert! I don't want to be Natty Danko anymore. But I must play along, and go to Willy Gallows. But not on the Master's terms, oh no, but on my own!
Natty's mind begins to hatch a plan: Natasha Danko will die in England, and Petra Romain and Willy Gallows will fly out to California, and then, who knows?  
Natty Danko is grasping for the transience of freedom and redemption, but is it within her reach? There is one more place she needs to visit this afternoon, so she can be absolutely sure… 

It was near sundown when Natty found a parking spot on a side street just off the Hammersmith Cemetery, which was a short walk up from the Russian Orthodox Church of Exile. The air was still smoky from the fires down by the river. Passing an open window, Natty could hear the latest jingle that everybody seemed to be humming lately, blaring from a boombox:
Mongoose got yo back, Jack
Mongoose got yo back
A block from the church proper, she turned into the courtyard of an anonymous apartment building of mostly pensioners of Russian descent. She rang the bell at a door on the street level, and a wizened old man opened the door, and beckoned her inside.
“Zakhodite, devushka. Eto der'movaya snaruzhi.” (Come in, girl. It is shitty outside.)
“Kak ty v etot vecher, dyadya Petya?” (How are you this evening, Uncle Peter?)
“Kak i mozhno bylo ozhidat', Natasha.” (As well as can be expected, Natasha.)
Peter Danko was the oldest and forgotten brother of the notorious Danko Clan, and had taken no part in their criminal activities. Once a political dissident in Moscow during the days before Glastnost, he had been persecuted and finally exiled (by the very virile Vlad Ptard, currently the Prime Minister of Materi Rossii (Mother Russia), although Ptard had been just a lowly colonel in the KGB at the time).
Peter was a widower now in his late seventies, and had settled into the tight community near the Church of the Exiles. Natasha 'Natty' Danko, feared executioner of the London Underworld, dutifully visited him every other week, and made sure that he was well cared for, although Uncle Peter would not accept any financial assistance from her, not even one pence.
“Blood money,” he always told her. But he enjoyed her visits, and always prayed to his icons that Natasha would turn from her life of crime, and return to her people, her church, and her savior. Otkroyte svoye serdtse, Natasha. Open up your heart.
“What brings you tonight, since you so kindly visited me only last week?”
Natty sat down on an old battered chair, as Peter fetched a couple of teacups.
“Can't I surprise you sometimes, Uncle?”
“Yak manure! That's not your way, girl. Something is up. Let me see…” Peter poured the tea. “You have fallen in love.”
“Uncle!”
“I see that I have hit the target, but not the bull's eye… hmm, let me think… you HAVE made yourself a little more attractive, a little bit more beautiful… believe me, I have an eye for these things! But your eyes tell me that, no, you have not fallen in love, not yet, but you are ready, oh so ready! So… you are going away to meet a man, and you are most likely never to return! —Wait, don't cry, child…” 
Natty threw herself into Peter's old but still strong arms, and he let her cry for a while. The dam had burst, just in time. Peter was sure that all of this had been building up in her for some time. He hummed an old Russian lullaby, as he held her tight. After she settled down, he poured more tea.
“OK, Devushka. Tell me everything, the truth this time. Your life depends on it, if not your immortal soul!”
Natty did feel better after she talked herself out. Peter closed his eyes when Natty admitted that yes, she had indeed 'executed' twelve or thirteen people since her sixteenth birthday, and she couldn't change that fact—but she was done with what she called “killing for strangers.”
“I will never willingly kill again, Uncle. I really feel bad about it, I really do…”
“Do you really? I am not yet sure about you, girl. Damn my brothers! Khuliganov! Neblagodarnyy synovey! (Hoodlums, and ungrateful sons!) So many deaths! So much pain!”
“Uncle, I swear that I will not kill that boy, that Phrogg, out in California. I need to warn him. And you are so right, I do not want to return, although I most likely will have to come back to wrap up my affairs. But I need a change, and I want you to come with me when I go back to California, Uncle Peter.”
Peter laughed heartily. “Me? Out there in California? Oh boy—”
Suddenly something was stuck in his throat, and Natty whacked him in the back.
“Whoa, Uncle Peter!”
“Achh! Thank you, Babooski!” The old man took a moment to catch his breath.
“My life is here, Natasha. I will be buried next to your Aunt Irena.”
Natty nodded sadly and looked down at the floor. A few minutes went by slowly. She raised her head when Uncle Peter turned on the television. The BBC was covering the arrival of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Ptard, at 10 Downing Street. 
“Great timing,” Natty muttered.
Peter made an angry gesture at the screen. “This man, you say, has an interest in your business? This is the same man who tortured me with dope and little electric wires attached to batteries. And now he rules like the Czars of old, and imprisons stupid young girls for defacing churches and showing the boys what's under their knickers? Sentencing them to hard labor in Siberia? This man is Satan himself, and you are allied with him?  Kanalizatsionnyye krysy! Sewer rats! At least I was jailed for so-called political activities, but now that pervert is jailing little girls just for telling us that they love their waginas?”
“I know it well, Uncle. All I want is out, free and clear.”
Uncle Peter looked long and hard at his niece. He sadly reflected on the fact that in Natasha's line of work, it was very rare indeed that one ever did find a way out 'free and clear' unless it was on a coroner's table. 
“Find it in your heart to pray, Natasha. God will show you a sign, if you have the wits to see it.”
Natty rose; it was time to go. “I love you, Uncle Peter.”
“Idite's Bogom. (Go with God.) I will pray for you, Natasha.”
“You will see me again, you'll see. And don't rule out a visit to California!”
They embraced for the last time, and this time it was Peter's turn to weep. 
Natty drove back to Chelsea with a clear head and a sense of relief. Her healthy tears at Uncle Peter's had pacified her anxieties and paranoia, at least for the moment. No sad thoughts of her father, nor dark thoughts of Grimm clouded her mind and she wanted to keep it that way. She looked only to the future: Petra Romain, Willy Gallows, and the Promised Land awaited, further on down the road.

7: Pegg's Pub Undercover and Red Patty

Sir Nigel Flinth rendezvoused with the good Prince Henry at Pegg's Pub in the very same private room used earlier in the afternoon by Natty Danko and Gunther Lewis. Pegg's Pub was that kind of place.
This was Flinth and the Prince's first opportunity to have a private word alone, since Nigel's Knighthood ceremony with the Queen, nearly twelve hours before. The Prince lived in a bloody fishbowl, Nigel mused. To be a Royal, a little madness and paranoia go with the territory, and Prince Henry was no exception, except for the fact that he was the least insane of his inbred clan, or at least on the surface. Next to his brother Edward and his nasty father Barclay (the Prince of Wales), Henry was the perfect baby Jesus, but he did have his quirks, nevertheless. Henry Winzer, the Duke of Cambridge, had a thing for women's underwear, nylon and silk stockings, and girdles. He also loved to dress up in historical costumes and pirate gear. Other than those harmless oddities, he was just a regular sort of bloke, unhappily married, and an obligatory sire to a succeeding son, to the Queen's great relief. Tonight, here at Pegg's Pub, Henry was 'disguised' as Lawrence of Arabia, complete with headscarf and goggles, with his vintage Brough Superior motorcycle parked right out front.
“Aren't you taking a chance out here with, ahem, the commoners, your Majesty?”
“I am more afraid of my own family, Flinth! This place is safe enough. Benjamin Grimm owns this pub, and has established this place as a sanctuary… neutral ground for the warring factions to take a break, have a drink, and let their hair down. The sacred tradition of Sanctuary has never been violated, here at the Pub.”
Nigel studied his mug of stout. “You play a dangerous game, Prince. I don't trust Grimm or his arse-licking devil worshipers.”
“Neither do I, Flinth, but one must swim with the sharks in this town, mind you. Politics… keep your friends close, but keep your enemies even closer! I am deathly sick of the Palace, and pretending to be nice and all of that pomp. All of that is coming to an end, and real soon, just as soon as I deal with my toxic father and brother, who will be treated far better than they deserve, in their places of exile.”
“What about the Queen Mum, sir?”
“Grandmother is not fit to rule any more, I am sorry to say. She whispered to me this very morning that if Daddy even pops his head up, she will have it chopped off in the  Tower. She claims that she has retained the divine right to administer capital punishment!” Henry paused to sip from his ale. “Grandmama will live a life of luxury in the Palace, until she passes away—from natural causes, mind you. The Bonny Black Prince will be given a pension, if the DNA tests prove that his claims are legitimate.”
Nigel nodded, and took a healthy sip of his ale. The Prince was determined to usurp the Throne and send his crazy younger brother into exile.
“I'm doing this to avert unnecessary bloodshed and civil war. Eddie and Father can spend their exile together on Beerenberg, or down in the Falkland Islands.”
The newly knighted Nigel didn't know what to say to that, and decided to tread softly. There was just too much other stuff happening at the moment, like his feud with his half-brother, William Gallows II, over the spoils of the Gallows Media Empire. Nigel had generously offered Willy exclusive control of the more lucrative cable television  market, so that Nigel could focus solely on the newspaper and magazine operations, but the London Thymes was the status symbol and masthead of the whole operation, and Willy was having none of it. It really was a damn shame, thought Nigel.
Nigel's girlfriend, Shirley Bender, was acting very restless and bossy lately, threatening to shag the bellboys, gardeners, chauffeurs, messenger boys—you name it. Sure, it was only just bluff, or at least Nigel thought it was only bluff—Shirley's sexual needs were gargantuan, but fortunately cyclical!
Meanwhile, the Prince needed Nigel's help.
“I live in a bloomin' bubble! I can't trust anyone at the Palace or in the Media—nobody except for you, Nigel.”
“Thank you, your Lordship.” 
“Since YOU are on top of the current political trends and gossip, give it to me straight: Where do I stand politically?”
Nigel nodded, and pulled out his ever-present notebook and felt pen.
“Right. As it stands, your father is quite rightfully out of the picture, after the plot against your grand-mum was exposed. His allies among the top banking families in the City of London and Brussels are laying low, waiting to see how the wind blows. Chief among them are HedgeCo Vampire Gregor Paulos, Sheik Aziz of the United Oil Emirates, and the surviving Hammer Loyalists, including ex-Senator Willard Prescott, Senator Tamara Spinner, and, ahem, Phillip 'Thor' Hammer himself.”
“To think that Father intended to poison Grandmama… and now I hear that there is a nasty and false rumor going around that I had something to do with the dastardly plot! Mark my words, my enemies never tire, and are ever active, spreading filth and lies… Why are they going after ME? It's a pity, Flinth. I am NOTHING like my father and brother, you do know that, don't you?”
Sure, Your Highness.
“Right, sire. So do the People, surely. So, how are you going to handle Edward, who, ahem, is not afraid to get his hands bloody, as you surely know.”
“Indeed. Eddie relished his time over there in Afghanistan, shooting at anything that moved from his custom helicopter.”
“Correct! Edward just loves to brag about his killing skills, and enough of the bloody population have absolutely no problem with that fact, thanks to our sick and twisted media! Eddie is actually quite popular with the skin-head crowd, motorway gangs, bikers…”
“So I've heard. I am the wussy one, right?”
“No comment, Your Highness. Anyway, Edward's chief backer is Benjamin Grimm Wilde, as you surely know.”
“Correct. Grimm is growing ever more bold these days and spreading his bloody tentacles… Now that Father is out of the game, I fear that Eddie is bound to make his move against me very soon… I need to smoke my nasty little brother out into the open, prematurely, with false self confidence, and hopefully trick him into showing his hand. Do you have any ideas?”
“Well, from my high and honorable tower, I can denounce you in editorials and feature stories in the Thymes, for something or other, so to weaken, ahem, your public image. I can accuse you of betrayal of trust. Edward might interpret ‘the public mood’ as an opening to boldly make his move.”
“Brilliant, Flinth! Tell the public that I am a cross-dressing tree-hugging Patch-wearing Catholic Communist who has just joined the Mongoose Cult!”
Nigel scribbled all of this down in his notebook, and looked up at the Prince.
“I do have another story that I am breaking tomorrow…”
“The scoop on Sir Malachi Beedle?”
“Indeed.”
“I'd rather you not run that story, Nigel. Please don't. Malachi is a friend of mine.”
“If I don't, my competitors will, because the word is out. You don't want the Sun or the Guardian to get the scoop, do you? —Bleedin' Bog, they'll barbeque him, man! I promise that my piece will be fair and balanced.”
“Oh bloody damn. Very well, Flinth, although I intend to give him a call, just to give him a head's up. I owe him no less.”
“Fair enough, Highness.”
“There is bound to be a lot of blow-back on that story! Have you informed your brother?”
Nigel shook his head. “Willy is in hiding, the stubborn fool. I've sent out peace offerings…  there is no need for any of this bad blood.”
“Amen, Nigel.” The Prince stood, and raised his glass of stout. 
“A toast: To women and horses, and the men that ride them!”
“Amen to that, Your Highness!”
Nigel drained the last of his ale and the Prince extended his hand. 
“Thanks for everything, Flinth, and don't be easy on me!”

After leaving Pegg's Pub, Prince Henry cruised aimlessly around Fitzrovia, Marylebone, and Regent's Park for maybe a half hour or so, digging the night and the sights. Once he was satisfied that no one was tailing him, he took to the back streets and made his way back down to Soho and over to a nondescript warehouse on Tottenham Road, just a stones throw down the way from the Goodge Street tube station. After punching a security code on his EyeFone, the rolling metal door rose up and he wheeled his cycle down into the depths of a dark subterranean parking garage. Down at the far end of the derelict concrete cave was another security entrance to a dank tunnel which led to a small and spartan living area. 
Many of these abandoned and largely forgotten rooms and tunnels were once part of the vast air raid shelter network that was constructed during the Blitz. The Royals, Luciferians, Organized Crime Syndicates, MI6 types, and homeless street gangs all made use of them. 
Henry kicked his cycle up onto its stand and entered his inner sanctum, where a rather attractive redhead clad in a long black evening gown lounged on a sofa. 
“Your Bloody Highness,” she said, as she pointed a Remington .32 automatic directly at his head. 
“Oh how I love my Red Patty,” sang the Prince, “Oh let me count the ways…” 
Patricia 'Red Patty' Starkey lowered her pistol and slipped it into her handbag as the Prince removed his goggles and Arabian headdress. Starkey rose up from the couch with a frown on her otherwise pretty face.
“Damn it all, Henry! You know bloody well that I prefer not to meet you here in town! What is so very urgent that you find the need to drag me out here at this time of night?”
Henry kicked off his motorcycle boots. “I called you because I miss you, Patty.”
“Oh bloody hell! I needed to talk to you anyway, you pathetic fool.” 
Patty reached into her bag and thrust a few glossy photographs into Henry's hands. Henry gasped in alarm and threw the incriminating photos to the floor.
“Now wait Red, I didn't mean any harm—”
“Wheeley Bloody Downs? How could you, Henry? Do you have any idea how much this is going to cost?”
The Heir to Throne of England began to cry just like a little girl. 
“I've been so lonesome, Patty! It was only that one time, Wheeley and I.” 
“Are you purposely trying to bring the entire bleedin' shithouse down on top of our heads? What were you thinking? You didn't spill the beans to that slutty spy, did you?”
“N-no, never! She was sitting all by her lonesome down at the pub, and was feeling a little bit blue so I sat down just to say hello… we chatted about the weather, and Manchester tossing Leeds and things like that…we got pretty drunk I guess, and… I kept wishing that she was you, Red…”
“Tell me another one, Prince!”
“I mean it, I really do—oh damn it, I miss you every night… why can't we just go away together and leave all of this behind… you and me, Patsy.”
“Don't be daft, Henry. It's all over for us. You're a married man and a father now.”
“It should have been you and not that dreadful cow that Grandmother picked out for me! Oh how I despise that snotty pig Pamela Truffleshrop!”
“Oh, Pammy's not that bad, Henry. You could do much worse, you know! Give the poor cow a chance, why don't you.”
“I hate them—I hate them all, especially Grandmama for doing such a dastardly thing to me…”
“That's the price for being a Prince, I guess.”
Henry suddenly grinned, despite his tears. “My lovely Red Patty! Please oh please do the yum-yum with me one more time, just for old time's sake?”
“Is that why you called me out here, Henry? Just to do the old slap and tickle? That's the Lady Pamela's job now, and not mine—or that silly bimbo Wheeley—by the way, speaking of spies, just what ARE you up to with that nasty little Nigel Flinth? —Oh my bleedin' Bog, please don't tell me that you let the cat out of the bag with THAT little eel, did you now?”
“You mean our business concerning that frog boy out there in San Francisco? Not to worry, my paranoid Patsy! No, no, no, my business with Sir Nigel is strictly about political matters. He's firmly on our page, concerning my rightful succession… as you very well know, me and Flinthy go a long way back together, and I can assure you that he is a very loyal and capital fellow.”
“Not to mention a snotty little snitch.”
“Now, Red—”
Patty abruptly pulled her gun out of her purse and shoved it into Henry's gut. 
“Now don't you go jumping the bloody shark on us now.” Patty's voice was cold and slow as a bored coroner on the graveyard shift. “I am counting on you to keep your Royal Gob shut! Or do you really want our competitors to get the bloody jump on us? Are you getting cold feet? Maybe we should just pull the plug on this whole thing—is that what you really want?”
“N-never, my red-haired firebrand! Mum's the word! Trust me, my lips are sealed, cross my heart and hope to die!”
“That can be speedily arranged.” Patty pulled her pistol back an inch or so, and Henry giggled in nervous relief.
“Now that I have reassured you of my trustworthiness, how about a little friendly hanky-manky-get-your-end-away? I put on something special just for you, Red!”
Patty grinned in spite of herself as she lifted up Henry's Arabian robe with her pistol for a look-see. 
“Oh-my-God, what on earth—”
Henry giggled with glee as he pulled the robe up over his head and stood before her in an electric lime-green girdle, bra, panties, garter, and sheer silk stockings.
“Oh Henry—”
“Please do me boo-boo now, Mummy.”
“Just like dear Wheeley in her bloody rubber-wear?”
“Oo I definitely feel a rise, Red!”
Patty abruptly seized his testicles good and tight. Henry gasped and his happy hard-on sadly deflated like a loose balloon. 
“Patsy—”
“You stupid bloody fool. To even equate ME with that Wheeley tramp! I ought to feed your sweetmeats to my bloomin' dog.”
“Patsy, you are hurting me—”
Red Patty abruptly released her grip and pushed him away.
“It's all over for us, your Lordship. We had a jolly good run, but things are different now. Too much is on the line and I don't have the time to babysit you any more. You must stop all of this gallivanting around at midnight and go straight on home to Pammy and never do anything like this ever again—and if those bloody photos do leak out to the tabloids, I swear that I will personally pay you a little visit at the bloody Palace and cut off your royal codpiece and pickle it in a jar—that is if Pammy or your crazy old granny doesn't beat me to it.”
“That's no way to talk to your future King,” Henry pouted. 
“If you want to be treated like a King, then it's high time you started acting like one instead of a bloody teenager! Try acting like a husband to your wife and a father to your son! Stop all of this silly adolescent pirate nonsense and get your head together. Spies are everywhere, and nasty Eddie is ever plotting and on the move. Too much is at stake, so don't screw the pooch on me now. —Go home.”

Interlude: This Bird Has Flown

As I tumble headlong high above my beloved city, I cannot help but wonder if my life made a difference in the grand scheme of things. Does it even matter? Not knowing for sure somewhat saddens me, but I mustn't dwell on it because my remaining time is so very short and so very precious—damn, the river looks so beautiful and it pains me to make my exit in this way at this critical moment in time with so much of my work left unfinished! As I glide through the air, I can almost see my befuddled father and poor old Rabbi Horowitz pleading with me to reconsider my decision to enter the corrupt and contemptible world of politics, all those many years ago. I really showed them, didn't I? 
The river is getting closer, and it's useless to blame anyone but myself for my current predicament and misfortune—what's done is done. People will surely gossip and speculate—did I jump, or was I pushed? To get right with God, I must forgive everybody—especially Nigel Flinth, that thick and dimwitted amateur… I forgive the Dankos, Gallows, bloody Edward, and that barmy oddball Henry Winzer! I forgive ALL of you, I do so with all my heart… ARGH my time is just about up—wah wah oh blast, here I go: GOD SAVE THE QUEEN—I tried I tried I tried I really did try—OO-WEE everything is so beautiful beautiful beautiful oh gawd OH GAWD HERE COMES THE RIVER here I go here I go I love you Patricia I love you I love you I love you I love you I love—

8: Love at Devonside Cove

Natasha Danko was completely drained and exhausted when she arrived at her Chelsea apartment. She threw herself right into bed without undressing, and slept like a dead woman for twelve hours. After a very late start, she wheeled her Jaguar westbound out of London onto the M4 Motorway about noon. After a late lunch in Swindon, she visited a bank in Bristol, and by 6:00 PM she was cruising southbound on M5, destination Cornwall. Ten miles out from Torquay and Devonside Cove, she felt a sudden cramp in her gut when the Master's ring-tone on her RedSnout startled her out of her road daze. What now?
“Yes, Boss.”
“Danko!” Grimm's voice was high-pitched and excited. “Good thing I caught you! Are you on the road? I want you to pull over to a turnabout right now, before I continue. Do it now; there is a breaking news story.”
“Sire?”
“Please! I don't want you to lose control of your car and plummet to your death from one of those picturesque cliffs.”
“Not to worry sir, my hands are free. I'm wearing my RedSnout.”
“Pull over anyway.”
Danko wheeled the Jaguar into a turnout that overlooked a half moon-shaped beach, and gazed out at the channel where she knew the sun was shining somewhere.
“OK, Boss. I'm parked, and the motor is off. Shall I light a cigarette?”
“Don't unbuckle your seat belt. Sir Nigel Flinth just released a bombshell from the Gallows Files. It's all over the news, and young Willy has surely heard by now, or surely will within minutes. Here is the scoop, or rather the poop: Sir William Gallows did NOT sanction your father and your uncles! Yes, he took credit for the executions, but only at the orders of our nagging thorn in the side and the Queen's very own arse-licker, my honorable adversary of old, Sir Malachi Beedle! That's right, Beedle had your father rubbed out and ordered Gallows to take the credit, thereby elevating his stature with the common people, which eventually resulted in his Knighthood and his promotion as head thug of the London underworld.”
Natty was stunned and at a loss for words. 
“Gallows… didn't kill my father?”
“Can we believe and trust Flinth's story? Well, you tell me, my little Lasha. Hang on to your hat, because Malachi Beedle just took a swan dive from the roof of the Gallows Tower.”
“What?” 
“Bye bye Beedle! According to the BBC, Sir Malachi confronted Flinth in his office at the Gallows Tower and begged him not to run the story. Witnesses heard a lot of shouting. When Flinth refused to play ball, Beedle took an elevator up to the observation area and cashed in his chips… there were no cams or witnesses—or so they claim—but apparently a gust of wind blew poor old Beedle's skinny little carcass a very long way but he landed a tad short of the river embankment… Ker-splat!”
Danko's fingers gripped the steering wheel tight. 
“Malachi Beedle?” 
“The very one, Danko. Ghastly… It all fits, you know. Sir William Gallows was Beedle's man all along. They had a pretty good run, didn't they? But the Great Wheel turns and Prince Lucifer always gets his due… Things might get a little interesting around here while you and Gallows Jr. are across the pond.”
Natty suppressed a shiver as Grimm bade her farewell and cut the connection.

Natty was calm and composed when she pulled up to her modest bungalow on the bluff above Devonside Cove. There was a small greenhouse halfway down a winding path to the secluded beach, where a little sailboat was tethered up above the high tide line. The place was isolated from prying neighbors and protected from the north and western winds, which made it a perfect spot for private sunbathing. Today, however, a chilly easterly breeze blew in from the sea.
Natty shut off the motor and pulled her makeup mirror out of her bag. As she touched up her face, she took stock. Her world was spinning out of control and things were happening way too fast for her to analyze. Fortunately, her inner voice of panic and alarm was silent. Baring her soul to Uncle Peter had given her the strength and will to remain focused on the immediate matters at hand: Liberation, and a complete break with the past and the lies that had shaped the destiny that Benjamin Grimm and her father had chosen for her. Freedom, hope, and maybe even love, were in her future if she chose it.
Max Mircle was waiting for her out front, smoking a cigarette. Max was good man from the old school, a survivor from the infighting and endless political intrigue and gang wars. Max whistled loudly as Natty slid out of the Jaguar. A chilly gust of wind whipped her thin cotton shift up and down her body and she slipped into her riding hood and cape with a little help from Max. “Bloody hell, look at you, Boss!”
Natty actually blushed as she shivered under her cape. “Yes, it's only me, Max. Sometimes I actually pretend that I'm a civilian, just to keep everyone on their toes. Damn your eyes, man!”
“Sorry, Boss!”
“I guess you've heard the news. Where is our gentle friend?”
“Down at the beach, and yes, both of us caught the news report. He just laughed and clamped me on the back. Barmy! I think he's gone daft.”
“Strange days, Mircle, and about to get even stranger.”
Natty hooked her purse over her shoulder and made her way down to the windy beach, where she removed her heels. “Oh shyte,” she murmured.
William Gallows II posed for an imaginary camera against the backdrop of the sea, as he casually skipped rocks across the tide pools. Willy stood six feet two, had wavy sandy hair, and a leading man's upright posture, not to mention an expensive Kashmir sweater tied around his waist. Gallows projected himself as the noble and unjustly maligned exile, patiently waiting to be restored to his rightful place, title, and station. 
Bloody hell, he knows perfectly well how he looks out there!
“Bloody pathetic.” Natty couldn't help but giggle.
Willy spun around at Natty's approach, and did a double-take.
“Is that you, Danko? Good God, you look just like a real woman! What in the world has happened to you?”
“Nothing that doesn't happen to people every day, Willy.”
Gallows smiled and spread his arms out like Jesus.
“Just don't shoot me in the face, Danko, not in the face. Think of my grieving mum, please…”
“Oh bullshit, Gallows. If I wanted you dead, I would have done it a long time ago. My people saved your bloody life and brought you here, remember? Spare us the dramatics!”
Natty paused, and girded herself.
“I'm afraid that I owe you an apology, Willy,” she smiled. “Will you ever see fit to forgive me?”

Danko and Gallows sat in the greenhouse behind the bungalow to escape the chilly sea breeze and to take advantage of a last sun break in the clouds before sunset. Max Mircle brought out a bottle of Chardonnay and a couple of wineglasses, before leaving in his car for a night in town. 
“Well, it's just us, Willy,” said Natty, as she poured the wine. “Who would have known? Fate seems to have thrown us together, you and I… and both of us have to face the fact that our worlds have changed.”
“For better or for worse, Danko?” Willy paused to chuckle. “Not only have I've lost my house and my toys, but my bloody inheritance, thanks to my senile father and upstart brother! Even the peasantry and my servants have turned against me… Cheers!”
Willy and Natty clicked glasses and proceeded to get drunk. Natty appreciated Willy's unshakable sense of humor, and hoped that some of it would rub off on her, because she needed a good dose of it herself. Anyway, it was now time to see what Willy Gallows was really made of.
That goes for me too. Well, here I go…
“Willy?”
“Hmm?”
Natty leaned over and kissed him softly. Willy responded eagerly, and after his initial surprise, laughed with joy: Natty had deftly slipped a condom into his hand! Danko closed her eyes and kissed him again, hungrily. She was now ready to take her own blind leap of faith and trust that Willy Gallows would be there to catch her. She needed to believe in somebody, even a Gallows, if she was to retain her sanity. Both of their backs were up against the wall, and they had nowhere else to go but to each other. 
Natty pulled her smock up over her head, as Willy undid his belt buckle. 

Natty and Willy drank, shagged, and talked long into the night. The events of the last two days, not to mention the wine and Willy's good cheer, had opened up Natty's heart, and her customary reserve.
“I don't think I've ever shagged like that before…”
“You did just fine, lady. Champion fucker of the UK!”
“England was never my country, Willy. And Russia? Give me a break. I've never had a homeland, or even been my own person… only my daddy's little girl…”
Willy smiled as he massaged Natty's back and shoulders
“More like daddy's little assassin! It's high time you buried him, Danko. My dad also. We can't deny that both of our fathers were murdering thugs, and if there is a Hell, they surely have one-way passes.”
Natty sniffed and pouted. “I loved him, Gallows, and I still do…”
“Of course you do, but come on now, he was still a bloody son of a bitch! Take for example poor old Tony Fairclo. Just a nice bloke who owned a nightclub and sold a little hash on the side. Your dad strangled him with a noose!”
“I daresay, Gallows. What about your own sainted father, who rubbed out the harmless Muldoon brothers—”
“Right! Our dads were bloody monsters, so why not admit it, my lovely Natasha! And here we are, poor homeless bastards and footloose…”
They held each other, and Natty cried for a little bit. 
“Cut yourself loose from that devil worshiping arse-hole, Danko. You don't really believe in any of that rubbish, do you?”
“No I don't, and to tell you the truth, I don't think Grimm really does either. It's just a shill for the lower circles… but you are so right. After this last job, I'm calling it quits. Why don't you come along to California with me, if you don't have anything better to do.”
“Who are you going to whack, Danko darling?”
“No one! I have been sent to deliver a proposal and… I need to warn somebody that he is in imminent danger… I swear that's all.”
“Anybody I've ever heard of?”
Natty paused and bit her lower lip. 
“His name is Phineas Phrogg Bervirt, of the Table Foundation—”
“Bervirt! Good God, Danko! That young chap is the husband, well, EX husband of the infamous Jade Shank! Daughter of Steve Shank, to be precise! Heiress to hundreds of millions, and current star of the tabloids—”
Willy filled her in on the latest gossip: The water balloon attack on Vladimir Ptard; Shank's mysterious disappearance; the murder of the New York police officers; the suicide of Elizabeth Silverberg, and the firebombing of a prominent New York mobster.
“Bloody hell Willy, what have I got myself into? —It doesn't matter—that young man must be warned that he is on Benjamin Grimm's radar. I must fly out to California without delay. You know your way around the States. Please come with me…”
“Hmm. I have a place, my father's old beach house, up the coast from Malibu.”
“I'd love to see it—but first we are bound for San Francisco.”
“I'm game for anything, Danko.”
“Well, I can see that, Willy. In fact, I can feel it too—”
“Ouch, Danko!”
Natty yanked Willy back down on top of her. Against all the odds, the two of them had become allies; rebels against the forces that had shaped their lives. Grimm may have ordered them together, but Natty was not about to let the old pervert get the last laugh. She and Willy were going to beat them all, or die trying. The Promised Land beckoned, and Natty suddenly knew with finality that she would never return to England. 

Sunrise at Devonside Cove. The exhausted lovers blissfully snored in unison as they lay in each others arms. Suddenly, rudely, there was a knock-knock-knock on the bedroom door and Natty awoke instantly. “Wot the bloody hell?” 
“Wake up, Boss!”
Natty groaned as she reached into her bag on the floor by the bed and pulled out her Walther 9 automatic. “This better be good, Max.”
Willy opened up his eyes and stared stupidly at Natty's pistol.
“Sorry, Boss,” shouted Mircle from the other side of the door. “This won’t wait. Get your bum out of bed and catch what's on the BBC!”
Natty sprang out of bed and threw a blanket around herself as Willy put on his shorts. Max turned up the volume on the television as Natty and Willy burst into the living room. “What in blazes—” said Gallows, as he gaped at the TV screen.
A stately mansion burned merrily, as Natty's blanket slipped to the floor at her feet.
“It can't be…” Natty gazed in stupefied astonishment at the horrific image on the screen: The Master's estate Octopus’ Garden was completely engulfed in flames, as the breathless BBC announcer bleated: “Metro Police and Scotland Yard have not yet officially issued a statement, but sources close to the Metro Police confirm to the BBC that seven people perished in the pre-dawn blast, including the owner of the manor, Benjamin Grimm Wilde, notorious Luciferian and underworld crime boss. Others victims include syndicate under-boss Gunther Lewis, and erotic soap opera actress, Wheeley Downs…” 
“Hardcore,” muttered Gallows as he retrieved the blanket from the floor and draped it over Natty's shoulders. “Bloody hardcore…”
Natty suddenly gripped Willy's arm and her blanket slipped to the floor again.
“The sign, Willy, the SIGN! Uncle Peter told me that God would show me…”
“Who killed the Devil?” muttered Max, as Willy covered naked Natty with the blanket, yet again. “Will Bonny Prince Eddie blame big brother Henry?”
“Or visa-versa?” mused Willy. 
Natty shook herself free from her epiphany and took command.
“We've got a lot to do, chaps, and barely any time. We are sitting ducks out here. Whoever did this will surely be after me, next—you too, Max! I'm not so sure about Willy, but he is still in danger, with me or without me. We need to make plans. —What do you think, Willy Gallows?”
Gallows looked thoughtful. “I'm with you, Danko. What do we do?”
Natty smiled mysteriously. “Are you a good swimmer?”


3) Combustion and Succession

NCC NewsWire: 
SENATOR TAMARA SPINNER BLAMES LASHER ADMINISTRATION FOR 'TERROR WATER BALLOON ATTACK' ON VISITING RUSSIAN PM PTARD, DEMANDS THAT JADE SHANK TO BE PROSECUTED 'TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW' / SENATOR GANDALF MALONEY AND CONGRESSWOMAN INGRID ROBERTSON HOLD PRESS CONFERENCE AND URGE SPINNER TO 'SHUT UP' AND 'WAIT FOR THE FACTS'
JADE SHANK DISAPPEARANCE, MURDERED COPS BAFFLES AUTHORITIES
VLAD PTARD DEPARTS FOR THE UK
VICE PRESIDENT MORGAN RUSHED BACK TO DC TO BREAK TIE VOTE ON SENATE ETHICS BILL, SENATOR SPINNER CRIES 'FOUL'
PRESIDENT LASHER URGES LENIENCY FOR IMPRISONED 'MOIST GIRLS' AS PTARD GIVES USA THE MIDDLE FINGER
JADE SHANK SHOWER VIDEO GOES VIRAL!
SILVERBERG SUICIDE PROMPTS FEDERAL INVESTIGATION
NY CRIME BOSS ASSASSINATED IN BLAST
LONDON CRIME BOSS ASSASSINATED IN BLAST; RUMOURS OF SATANIC CULT; HOUSE OF LORDS MEMBER COMMITS SUICIDE; DUKE OF YORK PLANS VISIT TO BALDENBIRD CONFERENCE 
PRINCE OF WALES’ YACHT ELUDES DETECTION AFTER DISAPPEARING INTO FOGBANK 50 KILOMETERS WEST OF SCILLY ISLES
STEVE SHANK ORGANIZES BENEFIT CONCERT FOR MOIST GIRLS; DMZ REUNITED AFTER 20 YEARS; CONCERT SET FOR RIGA, LATVIA
PTARD DEPARTS UK AFTER TENSE MEETING AT 10 DOWNING ST.
RUSSIAN AND LATVIAN TROOPS ALERT ON BOTH SIDES OF THE BORDER
NCC NewsWire Breaking News: State Department Official Found Dead In Bathtub / Prescription Drug Overdose Suspected 
Moscow Bureau Assistant Consul Susan Python was 28 years old—

9: Somewhere Over The Baltic Sea

Jade Shank's essence soars high above the world where the blue turns to black, and she perceives the great, distant, emptiness of the Void. The Nous is silent, absent, but Jade has not yet opened up her heart and reached out to her. (The Nous always takes on the sexual essence of the receiver.) Jade has never believed, alas.
From this empty space Jade becomes aware of the great open mouth of the Void… all light and matter seem to be moving toward it, at an accelerating speed. Despite its name, all is not emptiness in the Void. Expanding leftover materials of creation, devoid of light, dis-corporate into the great black hole. Even light itself cannot escape its gravitational pull, and Jade finds herself drifting faster and faster towards the entrance of the great cave. She girds herself as she sails right through the vortex, only to emerge out on the other side unchanged and unscathed. Jade is amazed to find herself back in the space where she started from. She can ride the redundant cycle again and again, if she chooses.
Images of familiar things reappear in the darkness, old friends: The sun and moon, the planets, and all of the stars. Nebulas, novas, and the living, expanding Milky Way Galaxy. 
The Universe resembles a teardrop in free fall: Jade's teardrop. Jade's teardrop emits a light. Jade's light shines on faces of friends and enemies alike. She can see Biggy, Phrogg, Jasmine, Dad—and the nightmare mugs of Liz Silverberg and Tamara Spinner. Demon goon girls float alongside her, hooting and shrieking as they slap her butt and pinch her breasts.
“Daddy, Daddy,” she screams inside her head, “I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do it!”
“I know, Jade-kins,” says a reassuring voice, “You never mean to do the things you do.”
“I'll clean it up, Daddy…”
Jade is a little girl again and Mom and Dad are still together. Jade wants to show off for Dad and pours the milk herself, but she spills it all over the table. A few floating toys bob about the milk and cereal in the oversized bowl. Mommy is not paying attention, clearly preoccupied with her cigarette, the television, and whatever she happens to be drinking. Daddy shakes his head.
“Let me help you clean it up, Jade-kins,” he says with a disapproving look. Jade knows that Dad is really mad at Mom, and not at her. Mom and Dad are not even looking at each other. Jade is their object, their connection. Dad starts mopping up the spill with a wad of paper towels.
“What a mess—a little help here, please!”
Mom coughs out smoke and spills a little of her gin and tonic. 
“Leave her alone, you bloodless ghoul, she's just a little child!”
“Oh bloody hell, Kate! It's not even three, and you're already friggin' looped. Can't you even make her a proper lunch? Look at this mess! One of these days one of you is liable to burn the whole bleeding house down!”
Little Jade tries to head off the coming explosion. “I'm sorry, Daddy—”
“I know you are, Jade-kins…”
“I want a divorce,” says Mom.
Jade knows where this conversation is going. What to do?
“I won't do it again, Daddy, I promise!”
Mom pours more gin into her paper cup. “Did you hear what I just said?” 
“We'll talk about it later, when you are sober,” says Daddy, “and maybe then we can ask your freeloader boyfriend to add his input.”
Mom's face turns a deeper shade of red. “How dare you—” She splashes the booze in his face.
“Bitch!” Daddy seizes the bottle of gin and proceeds to pour it out into the sink.
“No, Mommy!” 
Kate Shank picks up Jade's bowl of cereal with both hands and tosses it at Shank's back, narrowly missing his head. Captain Crunch cereal flies everywhere and milk splatters the kitchen window.
Jade hides under the table as the fight commences. The darkness returns.
“It's no different in Russia, you know,” says a voice in clipped English. “So much sadness and dysfunction…”
“Who are you?” says Jade to the new voice in the dark.
“I am your dream, your nightmare, your lover, and your truest, best friend. I will truly love you, love you more than any other, if you dare to receive my love. True, unfettered, unlimited love. Naked love. With no regrets, no apologies. Join me, you who sought to do me harm. I forgive you, now that you have shown me your innermost thoughts and fears…so much sorrow, my wild one. You can join with me, and stay, and love…”

Jade opened her eyes, and lifted up her head.
“How do you feel, Jade from San Francisco?”
Jade blinked, sat up, and perceived that she was in an oval shaped room lined with little rounded windows on both sides. The entire floor was covered with lavish pillows and cushions. There was a familiar sound in her ears: the whine of jet engines. She suddenly stiffened and looked around for the source, the voice of her dream.
She stupidly beheld the man, sitting on a huge cushion ten feet across from her. He was wearing a silver silk kimono. It only took her a moment to recognize his possum-like face.
“You!” 
“Yes, my wild one. My name is Vladimir Ptard, and you are riding in my private jet, high above the Baltic Sea, somewhere near Finland. Do not be afraid, my lovely one.”
Suddenly fearful that she was naked, Jade instinctively put her hands over her breasts and gasped in surprise. She was wearing (for the first time in her life) the sheerest negligee imaginable, white-beige in color, and of the finest silk. She ran her hands down her body in wonder. Jade had never cared for feminine attire, preferring sports bras and thong underwear. But she now felt unusually comfortable and sensual in the silky slip. Looking up at Ptard's smiling face, she lost her own smile and suddenly tensed up as if she had been touched by a live-wire. She frantically scooted backwards on her butt until her back collided with the wall of the compartment. She could feel the vibrations of the jet's turbines.
“Do not fear,” said Ptard. “I have never taken a woman by force, or deceit, or subterfuge. Let me repeat myself: I have never imposed myself on a woman against her will, and I never will. I swear to you, not only on my honor as a statesman, but as a man.”
Ptard rose and his kimono opened, and Jade saw that he was wearing a snug leather loincloth. He let the kimono fall from his shoulders to the cushions. Although small in stature, Ptard was muscular and well built. 
“Do not be afraid.” Vlad stepped out of his loincloth and proudly stood for her inspection. Jade nodded in resignation. Vlad's equipment was of average size, well formed, and in perfect symmetry with his body. 
“You've got nothing on Biggy Murphy, mister,” she said mischievously. “No offense.”
“None taken, Miss Jade, Devushka iz zelenogo kamnya.” (Girl of the Green Stone)
Jade suddenly remembered the horrible scene in the parking garage.
“Why did you kill those men? They were only cops doing their job—”
“I did not order the executions of those men! I only hired a local crime boss to bring you to me.” 
“Why me, Mr. Ptard?”
“It was the water balloon—your weapon of choice—and your brilliant green eyes, of course! A European would have lobbed a bomb, a Molotov cocktail. Despite your obnoxious innocence and naiveté, you and your fellow Americans give me hope. Your country and mine are so much alike and have so much in common, unlike the jaded, cynical, and spiritually dead EU. I decided in an instant that I had to have you, beautiful one.”
“I am NOT beautiful—”   
“Oh yes you are, and don't fight it. Surrender to your inner nature… the sooner that you yield to me, the sooner that you will be released, and be reunited with your loved ones.”
Ptard sat back down and reached into a cooler on the floor, next to his cushion.
“Coke?” Without waiting for Jade to answer, he tossed her a can of soda and took another for himself.
“Oh well, I've always wanted to see Russia.”
“Not a chance, Miss Jade. At least not on this trip! You and I are bound for my vacation castle in Latvia, several kilometers from the Russian frontier. There you will meet some other bold and fiery young women like yourself, kindred spirits, including your heroines, the Moist and Juicy Girls. You will be made most welcome.”
“You are insane, you know.”
“You will come to me willingly, and you will be mine.”
Still mellow from the dope, Jade giggled. “No thanks, Mr. Ptard. You're too old for me.”
“That's the spirit, but not to worry. Zelenyy Kamen' Devushki. (Green Stone Girl) We have time, nothing but time. Time is.”
Jade abruptly lunged at Vlad, but suddenly felt very dizzy and collapsed onto her stomach in a heap. “Date-rape asshole…”
Jade descended back into a deep slumber as Vlad covered her with his kimono and adjusted a cushion under her head.

10: Dennis Lasher's Blues

After inhaling his herbal mixture, President Dennis Lasher sits back with his eyes closed and gazes into the ether. His Third Eye Patch vibrates as he struggles to absorb what the Nous allows him to view, but he has no control or ability to navigate, much like a man sitting at a control panel with his hands tied behind his back. The images pass rapidly before his eyes, sometimes moving so fast that he cannot grok their importance or significance… 
Vlad Ptard's jet lifts off from Heathrow Airport, as a mansion burns in St. John's Wood. The battlements of a fairy castle look down upon the shores of a scenic, tranquil lake, as Jade Shank, clad in a sheer negligee, tosses and turns on a mountain of soft pillows. The Black Widow sits at her Avocado console and sips from a mug of coffee, as Vice President Jennifer Morgan paces around in circles at midnight, deep in thought.
“I am not alone in my uneasiness,” mutters Lasher to Georgia Van Sutherland, who is also burning the midnight oil, keeping an eye on her fragile charge. Van rises from the bed and sets herself down next to the President on the carpet.
“DeathCo never sleeps,” he sighs, as Van begins to massage his shoulders. “Ptard has departed London and is in the air, as we speak, destination Latvia—”
“Where he has a vacation home on the Russian border. Some sort of castle, chateau, or something like that.”
“So many deaths during his visit to London, Van. Suicides, bombings…” 
“Did Ptard blow up Satan?”
“Highly unlikely, but who knows? Trouble always seems to follow him in his wake, like his very shadow, wherever he goes… however, my gut tells me that Grimm was removed by a member of the Royal Family…  the dotty old Queen's health is failing, and the Prince of Wales has fled into exile…”
“Nasty family, that House of Winzer.”
“Bloody nasty… civil war is brewing over there in Merry Old England, concerning the matter of succession… all the chess pieces are in motion, and the Illuminati and the bankers in Brussels are growing a bit nervous. Meanwhile, Ptard's arrogance increases by the day…” 
“Vlad's very unhappy with the status quo and is once again threatening to shut down the pipelines into the EU.” 
“Indeed! I don't really blame him in a way, because the Euros have him by the testicles… damn it, those fools are playing chicken with a monster. Vlad IS going to make his move very soon now, I feel it in my bones! His sanity is hanging only by a thread, and none of his keepers and underlings have the guts to say no to him.”
“For good reason, Dennis.”
Lasher sighs, and comes to a decision.
“Van, we are running out of time. Tomorrow you must contact the Black Widow. We finally have a mission for her, and she must be activated before Morgan… before Jennifer Morgan is sworn in as President. We need to neutralize the threat that Mr. Ptard poses, but not… let's see if Vlad can either be terminated politically, or else be rendered incapable of performing his duties… as opposed to the final solution… I repeat, this operation must not have any of Morgan's fingerprints on it. No e-trails. If things do go wrong, the blame must be mine, and mine alone. See to it, Van. Things are beginning to accelerate, and I don't think I can last very much longer…”
Van Sutherland nods and absently wipes a tear from her cheek, as Lasher weeps quietly. Although the President has made his peace about his coming demise, he is still prone to spontaneous and uncontrollable bouts of weeping. 
(Dr. Lori Dryer privately confided to Van Sutherland about Boffin Syznic's abrupt crying fits and sudden mood swings.) 
Van Sutherland pushes Lasher's bowl of herbs across the floor. 
“No more for you tonight, Dennis.” Van pauses to brush Lasher's long white hair. “Who would have known that Jennifer Morgan would be the one?”
“So says the Nous! Morgan has the fire in her belly, Van. She will protest—please help her navigate through the dark days ahead…”
“And what about the Shank girl?”
“Oh, Ptard has her alright… Miss Shank is on her way to join those silly Moist and Juicy Girls, at that castle in Latvia…”
Long after Van Sutherland falls asleep with her arm and hair spread across his chest, Lasher lies awake in the dark. The Nous is not yet finished with him tonight. Lasher looks directly into the insectoid eyes of Vladimir Ptard.
“Alright already… buckle down, you crazy fool…” 
Lasher drifts off into an uneasy sleep.

11: Black Widow

August 4, Emerald Hills, Redwood City, CA 
Cocoa Brown's Crown Victoria Interceptor sedan was loaded with groceries when she flipped open her phone at the bottom of Beta Bronski's driveway on Handley's Trail. 
“I'm comin' in, Pony Boy.”
“Roger, Black Widow. Heads up; the Boss has a visitor.”
“Friend or foe?”
“Oh, a friend, I suppose. Dr. Lori Dryer, from the Table Foundation.”
“Oh shit, you're right. The Boss has been naggin' me for weeks! It's time for me to lose my cherry, Pony Boy…”
There was a pristine vintage yellow Volkswagen Bus parked in the circular driveway next to Beta's Camry and Pony's tool truck. Brown raised her eyebrows as Pony and Barbara came out to help her unload the groceries. Barby was clad only in her bikini bottom, and Cocoa growled: “Honestly, girl, the Boss has a guest!”
“Oh, Dr. Dryer doesn't mind, Cocoa,” said Barbara, grabbing a sack. “The Emperor has been at my boobs, though. He tickles—”
The Emperor (David Boffin Peter Bronski-Derringer) was Beta's two-month-old baby, who dominated the days (and the nights) at the Bronski 'commune'. Truly the son of Peter Derringer, 'The Dominator'.
Brown swatted Barbara in the rump.
“Damn it child, does the Boss know what you are up to?”
“The Boss says that I can keep the little monster.”
Pony kept his mouth shut, and grabbed two bags of groceries. Cocoa girded herself. She had forgotten about her appointment with Dr. Dryer today, and it was time to face the music. Beta suggested (demanded) that Brown don the Patch, and today was Brown's scheduled 'Brainshot'. Dr. Dryer told Beta that she would bring along a portable machine to the residence, 'for discretionary reasons'.
“Oh very well,” said Cocoa, “let's get this shindig over with.”
Beta and Lori Dryer were waiting in the living room. Beta (breathtakingly beautiful as ever) remained seated on a hard-backed wooden chair, with her walker in front of her, as Dr. Dryer rose from her chair to shake Cocoa's hand. 
“Cathy Braunstein, I believe, for our business today?” 
Lori winked, and 'Cathy' smiled.
“Thank you for that, Dr. Dryer. It's good to see you again.”
“Beta tells me that you are taking a refresher course in Russian.”
“Yes, ma'am. That's where all the action is these days.”
Barbara strolled into the room with the Emperor riding in a papoose slung over her back. Barby had put on the skimpiest T-shirt in her wardrobe. Cocoa shook her head. Never mind that just a year ago, Brown herself was a naked frolicker at the Sacred Grove, that notorious den of nudity and debauchery!
Beta struggled to rise from her chair and Barby hurried over to help her up.
“No, Barby,” Cocoa barked, “Let her do it on her own, she kin do it.”
Beta smiled at Lori. “My own drill sergeant! She's right, of course. No pain, no gain. We will leave you two alone.”
Beta ambled out of the room pushing her walker, with Barbara and the Emperor in tow. Cocoa and Dr. Dryer sized each other up. 
Lori smiled brightly. “Thanks again for taking a little time out for this, Cathy, and for also participating in my little survey. Totally confidential, of course.”
“Anything to help, Doctor,” chuckled Cocoa, “although I bet that you are more than a little curious 'bout a specimen such as me.”
Lori laughed gaily. “How could I not be curious? Every person is truly unique. It is a wonderful world, and I have not finished learning about everything Patch! Yes, Cathy, I am very curious about your brainshot, and what it will tell me, and tell us.”
“This ain't the first time that I've been put under the microscope, baby.”
The brainshot itself didn't take long, but Dr. Dryer was clearly having problems.
“I need to double-check this unit, Braunstein. Let me try it on myself, first.”
Five minutes later, Lori scanned the printout and nodded.
“Everything's normal, A-OK. Let's do it again.”
After another scan, Lori threw the printout of Cocoa's brainshot onto the floor.
“Flat-line! That's it, I quit—it's time for me to hang it up.”
Cocoa chuckled again. “I told you, they broke the mold when they made me! Yee-haw!”
“Cathy, have you ever seriously considered donating your brain to science? I'll be more than happy to help you with the paperwork!”
“You'll be the first one I call, Doctor.”
Dr. Dryer extended her hand and Cocoa palmed the tiny wad of paper between her fingers. 
Not bad, Doctor! You sure got spook potential, mercy me.
After Dr. Dryer departed, Cocoa retired to her room, opened up the note, and nodded with satisfaction at the four handwritten words on the sheet.
JUNO si, YUGO no.

Plans needed to be made, discussed, and agreed upon.
“May you live in interesting times.” 
Cocoa Brown sat at her mirror and gazed into Cathy Braunstein's eyes.
“Well, just look at you!”
“Hail, Black Widow.” 
“Looks like you 'n me are really in for it now, Braunstein.”
“How is your Russian these days, Brown?” 
“Well, I do admit it's kinda rusty, but I'm comin' along. So Quicksilver IS ready to move on the motherfucker…”
“I daresay, cousin! Are you game? Quicksilver is positive that Firecracker and many other young women are being held prisoner in that weasel's vacation 'chalet' near the Russian border. Wintergren agrees.” 
Wintergren, the NASTY (National Agency of Science and Technology) supercomputer independently confirmed Quicksilver's findings, and postulated that it was a 90% probability that Jade Shank and the Moist and Juicy Girls were Ptard's captives in that nasty castle. 
“What's his security setup, Cathy?”
“An interesting mix. Russian regular army, GRU, and get this: A crack squad of Latvian private security clones, all blond, and gay to a man.”
Cocoa looked thoughtful. “Sounds kinda like a harem guard detail to me… so he uses a foreign, mercenary, 'proletarian guard'. That kin actually work to our advantage.” 
“I'm sure that I can easily persuade Mr. Ptard to show me around that fantastic castle.” 
“Why ain't you the smug one!” 
“Oops, I meant us, cousin Cocoa!”
“Indeed… OK, 'lil Miss Proper Panties, we need to do a little studyin', 'n do a little shoppin'… 'n while we're at it, let's get ourselves a little makeover.”
“A well deserved one! Does she have a name yet, Cocoa dear?” 
Cocoa thought about it for a moment.
“Hmm… Brilliant, ambitious, 'n oh-so-foxy Yak TV correspondent Cindy Brillo will fly to Riga to cover that bloomin' Bald Bird Conference. A cameraman of her choosin' will ron-day-voo with her there.”
Cathy clapped her hands together in delight. “Cindy Brillo? I just love it, Brown! O-M-G, I think I've got the perfect hairstyle for her…” Cathy began to fiddle with her long, kinky hair. “Ash blonde, smooth and soft, maybe a little wave, right about here…”
Cathy chattered on, as Cocoa painted pictures in her head. If things went right, 'Cindy Brillo' was going to rescue Jade Shank and the rest of those girls, and get them all to safety. Then she was going to feed that weasel-faced douche-bag Ptard to the fishes in the Baltic Sea. 
And Bog help those poor little fishes.

It was after midnight when Brown slipped out of bed and silently began to pack her overnight bag, but Pony was a light sleeper and caught her in the act.
“I thought you were acting a little strange at dinner. Anything you can talk about, Brown?”
“You know me better than that, boy. But I will tell you this: just turn on your TV, 'n you'll get the drift. Thing's are happenin' out there. An' you ain't comin' along this time 'cause I need you here to keep an eye on the Boss, 'n not to mention sweet lil Barby-girl, hoo-wee…”
Cocoa resumed her packing as Pony drifted back into slumber.
“You'll be fine, boy,” she chuckled as she checked her .9 millimeter Smith and Wesson, and tossed it into her bag. 
”—Wait a minute here, speakin' of boys…”
Brown left her overnight bag in the hallway as she tiptoed into Beta's bedroom, and there they were, dimly illuminated in the moonlight. Beta lay deep in sleep with the Emperor snug between her breasts. The baby's eyes were open and he looked right up at her with a heartbreaking little smile.
“You kin see me alright, buddy!” Cocoa whispered, “Boy oh boy, am I gonna miss YOU…”
She bent over to kiss the smiling, mellow baby, and then abruptly turned and left the room. She placed the envelope containing her last will and testament on Beta's workstation and then slipped out the back door, closing it silently behind her.

12: The Plot Thickens

Life without Jade. A few of Jade's things were still laying about the loft; just a few books, nick-knacks, underwear, and stuff, so I gathered everything up into a box. Jade's mom had gone into hiding, so I took it over to her dad's place in Bernal Heights. Mr. Shank was still in New York so I left the box and a note with a neighbor. When I returned to the bathhouse, I found a surprise sitting in my entryway. Talk about synchronicity! A parcel package shipped from New York, New York. Addressed to me. Curious, I took it inside and my world changed, yet again. 

How did Boffin Syznic and Al Leong's so-called 'lost energy applications' end up with me, nearly one year after their disappearance? Why was this package shipped to me, and not to Dr. Lori Dryer and the Table Foundation?
Syznic's fabled energy patch-apps, long rumored about but never verified. All sorts of theories and speculations floated about the Internet and the Yak: Mind over matter generators, telepathic communication devices via the OtherNet, anti-gravity force fields… crazy stuff.
There was no explanatory note or summary, but a single sheet of simple DC circuits and diagrams. The gadgets all had an unfinished look about them: Third Eye Patches hand-wired to USB plugs with black electrical tape. Some of the hastily-drawn diagrams and schematics were downright strange and creepy. One of them displayed a human figure with a 3EP on his forehead (natch) but with a cable that led over to a computer. Another one showed a single Patch-wearing figure, powering up a light bulb, while another bunch of stick figures were hooked up to what looked like a power plant! A large question mark (?) was slashed across the picture. The more that I studied these diagrams, the more uneasy and paranoid I began to feel.
I decided to stash everything into a large backpack, and hid it downstairs under some loose tiles in one of the long-dry sauna baths, where me and Jade used to hide our dope back in those innocent days when we only 18, and young pups running wild in a fun, sunny, carefree world.

August ? I'm a little hung over at the moment, so bear with me. I had a smashing vivid pepperoni-induced nightmare last night, really big budget, but damn the luck, it's slipping away fast. I do remember an absolutely horrorshow car chase around downtown San Francisco and ninja assassins on motorcycles. Somewhere down the line I found myself hiding with Mr. Syznic and poor old Al Leong down in the bunker under Syznic Manor. Bombs were going off outside all around us.
“Glad you made it here in one piece,” said Boffin, as I handed him my backpack. “Thanks for keeping these babies safe! —If you will, Al?”
Al placed one of the odd-looking Third Eye apps on his forehead, as Boffin slid an LED light (like one of those DC lights found in any electronics-for-beginners kits) across the worktable. The little bulb socket was soldered to a wire that ran down from Al's Patch gizmo. Nothing happened, and Al sighed. “There goes my bonus, damn the luck!” 
Boffin chuckled. “Not to worry, Al. It will come, just like the last time. Let me give it a go.”
I sat fascinated as Boffin held the gadget to his forehead, and the light actually blinked feebly a few times. “Incredible,” I gasped.
“Your turn, Phineas.” Boffin handed me the patch-app, wire and all. “Let's see what you can do!”
I placed the thing up to my head and the light flashed so brightly that it blew right out of the socket! 
“Eureka!” whooped Al, as he bumped fists with Boffin.
That's all that I can remember at the moment. Weird. Maybe it will all come back to me later.

To keep my mind off Boffin's gadgets, Jade, Jasmine, my thesis, and my general sorry-assed state of affairs, I decided to conduct some more research about Yogi Patmos, Mongoose, and DeathCo. I was very interested in learning more about the Order of the Grasshopper, and Patmos in particular. Where did Professor Mantis fit into all of this? And what about the fabled brujo Bone Man, up there in that canyon? Was Mike 'Grasshopper' Chen even involved with this group, who were using his name as their own? I pulled out my copy of Flight of the Grasshopper to see if Mike had left any clues. After scanning the book, I decided that Chen was in the dark. More confused than ever, I GIGGLE searched everything I could find on Yogi Patmos. I was fascinated to learn that Mr. Patmos had made and lost several fortunes, including My Next Life, before he struck the mother lode with Beastwatch and Karmageddon. More than a few times the name of Barney Brane popped up in my searches, cross-referenced with Patmos. According to Wiki, Brane was the co-founder and genius behind GIGGLE. Brane had found religion, and disappeared from the public eye, a few years back. There were rumors that he died in the jungles of South America. There was also a passing reference to Brane and his legendary robot 'Gidget' in the appendix of Flight of the Grasshopper.
Mike Chen: “Several hours before Valhalla (MacroEye Corp. Headquarters) was destroyed by a guided neutron warhead, a robot identified as 'Gidget Mark 1' was spotted in  Pugent Sound near Bug Harbor, Washington. 'Gidget', originally designed and programmed by Barney Brane of GIGGLE fame, easily evaded fishermen who attempted to snatch her from the water. The elusive robot was later spotted near Vancouver by a whale-watching charter cruise, and a week or so after that, was reported to have been seen in the vicinity of Midway and Wake Islands.”
I struck pay dirt when I happened upon an obscure blog posted by someone dubbed 'Apollyon' on the website Sanctuary:
Yogi Patmos is an active vocal critic of the rapidly expanding Mongoose Cult, and its charismatic leader, 'Avataro' Adam Kane, the incoming chaplain of the United Nations. Patmos claims that Mongoose is a psy-op of epic proportions set up by DeathCo, primarily to hook the huddled, frightened masses with free goodies, and to also keep in check the powerful forces led by Vladimir Ptard, leader of the Russian Federation; Gregor Paulos, international hedge fund mastermind and goldfinger; the Illuminati Baldenbird Cartel; and the shady Rothberg Banking Consortium of Brussels. Mongoose intends to beat Ptard, Paulos, the Baldenbirders, and the Rothbergs to the finish line and achieve world dominance. Other players jockeying for position are Sheik Aziz of PowerCo; environmentalist and energy hog Mel Trunkdale; and the British Royal Family, backed by various Phillip Hammer Loyalists in exile. And to top everything off, how about that whacky Order of Lucifer, based out of London, England? Oo-ee-oo. Patmos's enemies (and there are many) scoff at his warnings, and ask snarkingly: If Mongoose is so evil and powerful as Mr. Patmos claims, why is he even alive? Shouldn't he be sleeping with the fishes? Maybe Yogi is just jealous and resentful that Mongoose is giving Karmageddon serious competition and a run for his money.
At first glance, I thought it was all black helicopter stuff, real Coast to Coast AM. But the more I read, the more I became intrigued. Patmos seemed to be on the level, unlike the usual conspiracy theorists and hucksters constantly promoting their wares and websites. 
“I have no objection to honest competition in the game-zine-sphere,” Patmos states, “and in fact, I welcome it! May the best game win! But Mongoose is not merely a game designed to entertain, but is a soul-crushing entity, a creeping evil that has been unleashed upon the peoples of the earth, and it must be shunned outright and put out of business.”
I decided that I had no choice but to believe him, mainly because of the fact that Professor Mantis was on board. Love him or hate him, but there is one sure thing that I do know about Mantis: he doesn't suffer any fools or bullshit. If Mantis believed, then I had no choice but to believe, also.
Meanwhile the question of Boffin's toys weighed heavily in the back of my mind. What was I supposed to do with them? Who could I call for advice? I really wanted to get together with Mike Chen and pick his brain, but I found myself holding back. I decided not to drag 'The Grasshopper' (and his main squeeze Estrella Klein) into this mess. The torch had been passed on—to me. 

13: Ascension and Succession

August 6, The White House Rose Garden

My Fellow Americans.
We are gathered here in the Rose Garden today to welcome the Citizen's Advisory Council back to our nation's capitol, with their long awaited report and recommendations, which will be proposed as legislation to both Houses of Congress, in a special Joint Session, to take place on August 11. These proposals, four in all, will be known as the Transparency in Government Act. This is historic legislation, my fellow Americans. We are all indebted to the Council, for their time and sacrifice in this endeavor, and I want to turn the podium over to Michael Chen, spokesman for the Citizens Council. 
(polite applause)
Thank you, Mr. President. My name is Mike Chen, and although I was elected by the Council to be our Spokesman, I am only one member of the group, no better or different than anybody else in the Council. One voice, one vote. I was selected because I have public speaking experience, but let me tell you that I'm a lousy cook, still can't tell the difference between an en dash and an em dash, and don't have a clue on how an internal combustion engine works!
I am proud to be part of this outstanding team, although I had reservations at first. I have never trusted the Government, and never had any desire to be part of the process. But I've come to realize that because of my refusal to take an active, if even limited, civic role, I was indeed part of the problem. Because of my lack of interest and concern, like so many other Americans, the con men, criminals, parasites, and maniacs were free, as they always have been, to run our society—and my passive indifference was in fact an act of acceptance and permission for the Vulture Culture to remain, breed and consolidate their power. All of us are to blame. But now I am certain that we can turn this thing around, if we all stick together and petition our Congressmen and Senators to do the right thing and pass this vital legislation, which has just been posted on the Yak, Internet, and OtherNet. These vital proposals are short, concise, to the point, and very easy for even political novices like me to understand. Take for example the bill's provision regarding campaign donations, which allows individual citizens to donate as much as they please to any candidate or political party—just as long as the donation is fully disclosed on the public record. No more fictitiously named C-PACs or corporate donations. If corporations want to be counted as individual 'persons', then they can can damn well pay individual income taxes like the rest of us suckers! This brilliant proposal ensures an open and transparent Representative Democracy. Brilliant constitutional scholars have given this bill a thumbs up. Please read and discuss these common-sense proposals, my fellow Americans. Call your representatives, and let them know how you feel. 
Thank you! It has been an honor and a privilege to serve on the Council. Back to you, Mr. President.
(polite applause)
Thank you, and well said, Mr. Chen! My Fellow Americans, we are now approaching the end of the first year of my Presidency, and I am proud to say that we have come a long way, but we still have a long way to go. The World is facing a crisis of epic proportions, and the Nation must stand guard and be prepared for the coming economic and cultural battle to come. This rapidly approaching conflict is not only a conventional one of armies, weapons and ultimatums, not by a long shot. No, the coming struggle is also an ethical and spiritual one. Lines are being drawn. Let me explain…

Mike Chen, along with his better half Estrella Klein (Co-Director of the Table Foundation) stood with members of the Council gathered behind the President. Estrella's butt was itching uncomfortably, but with the TV cams all around them, she couldn't do a darn thing about it.
“I'm sweating like a pig out here,” she grumbled, “Damn it, Mike, my thong is all in a twist…”
“Why don't you just remove it, Strella. Liven things up around here.”
“That's easy for you to say… shoot, you know how much I hate to dress up.”
“Shush! The whole country—heck, the whole world is watching us, lady!”
“We could have gone to Disney World…”
Suddenly Estrella snapped out of her doldrums. What the hell did the President just say? What was Dennis Lasher talking about—did he just mention God?
“Our coming Armageddon,” continued Lasher, “will not only be fought on an earthly battlefield, but on a spiritual one. This spiritual battle is one that each and every one of us must face…”
(What the fig?)
“Faith, Love, Courage, and not to mention a sense of humor, go hand in hand, and can go a long way. Fear no evil! —Listen, everybody. I would like to share with you a little ditty that my father used to sing to me when I was a child. It goes like this:
Some say the Devil's dead, some say he's hardly… 
Strella gripped Mike's arm. “Mike—” 
Some say the Devil's dead, and buried in Killarney!
“Uh-oh,” murmured Mike, “Oh boy, here we go…” 
More than a few of the gathering shuffled their feet and nervously cleared their throats, as a few SS men slowly moved into position behind the President as he turned and faced Vice President Morgan. “We CAN beat the Devil, Jennifer! You showed us, you did!”
Suddenly there were cries and gasps from the gathering. President Lasher's long white hair suddenly unbound from his ponytail and floated upward and outward from his head and shoulders, unrestrained by gravity.
“Oh no,” Estrella moaned. Georgia Van Sutherland began to move cautiously toward the President, as a SS man made a cut-off motion to the video cameramen.
President Lasher spread his arms out just like Jesus.
“This has all been shown to me! I am the Watchman. We all have to choose sides! Will we choose wisely? I think—”
Although the sky was cloudless, there a crackle of electricity and a humming in the air. The SS goon made a throat-slashing gesture with his index finger. “Cut the fucking FEED, goddammit!” 
“I think I love you—” shouted Lasher, “All of you, each and every one…”
Estrella's eyes were full of tears. “Oh Jesus, Mike—I think he's going now—oh please no!”
President Lasher's form began to shimmer as he looked directly into Estrella's eyes.
“I AM going now, Ms. Klein. I am so sorry we didn't get together again…”
Someone else moaned right behind Estrella and Mike. Georgia Van Sutherland stepped toward the President but was recoiled by a wave of heat.
“Goodbye, Van. I love you,” cried Lasher, with tears in his eyes and a beatific smile on his face. “Everything is so beautiful, so bea—”
Engulfed by his aura, the President burst into flame, causing the small crowd on hand to gasp in surprise and panic. Many took to their heels across the White House lawn, overwhelming the Marine guards and SS men, as Lasher burned away like a roman candle. A hole appeared in the bluest of skies, and Lasher's form streaked upward into the sky like a reverse bolt of lightning and then the hole closed up behind him. 
Vice President Morgan, Mike Chen, Estrella Klein, Georgia Van Sutherland, members of the Council, and assorted SS men all threw themselves onto the ground. Some of them covered their eyes and moaned, but Mike and Estrella just plain wept.

America and the World collectively shifted into what Mike Chen later called 'Transcendental-Denial-Survival-Sanity Mode'. The pivotal moment of this young century and the most collectively experienced moment in history since 911 and the assassinations of JFK, MLK, or John Lennon could not be explained rationally, so the event had to be minimized, spun, or outright denied. Things like this just do not happen in the light of day in front of television cameras, and an estimated billion viewers worldwide. Nein! President Lasher was most likely assassinated by a laser weapon, right? Too many people saw this! Sure, there have been many documented accounts of spontaneous combustion, but has anyone ever seen any solid proof? 
Some folks later claimed that there must have been a malfunction when aliens attempted to transport him up to the mother ship. Others proclaimed that Lasher was a precursor to the Rapture, and that God had called him home.
Mike and Estrella didn't know what to think as they lay trembling together on the White House lawn. As people screamed and moaned all around them, Mike and Estrella managed to touch Patches, and called out to the Nous. 
Mike was grateful and relieved when the Nous enveloped him with tendrils of calmness. “Thank you,” he murmured, almost like a prayer.
“Dennis Lasher's heart was in the right place,” whispered the Nous in his ear, “but he could not resist the temptation to dabble in the Dark Arts of the Ouro-Beast, even after being warned on numerous occasions.”
“Where did he go? ” whispered Mike, “Is he…”
“Beats me,” answered the Nous, “and I won't know, not until the Final Sorting. But I am certain that he did not discorporate into the Void—the Great Mouth of Emptiness.”
“I don't think so, either,” said Mike.
“Help the frightened ones,” said the Nous.
Mike helped Estrella to her feet, and they gazed in stupefied wonder as the Secret Service detail hustled Jennifer Morgan away to safety into the White House.
“Oh-My-God—Jennifer is—” Estrella whirled around and grabbed hold of Mike. “Jennifer is the President! President Morgan!”
“I told you so, once upon a time,” chuckled the Nous. “Do you remember, Grasshopper?”
Mike pulled a harmonica out of his sport coat and strolled over to the NCC News and Yak TV camera crews.
“Are you rolling?”
Mike began to play 'Amazing Grace', and Estrella grokked what he was up to, and joined in. The haunting hymn soothed the frightened and grieving gathering in the Rose Garden, and more than a few of the millions of viewers worldwide. After a few verses Mike seemlessly switched over to Taps, and a young Marine Guard standing nearby sucked in his gut and saluted crisply. The wailing, bending harmonica notes honked and mourned and were heard around the Earth, which had indeed, turned again. 

NCC NewsWire Alert
Dennis Lasher, the 47th President of the United States, is dead. 
Standing in the Rose Garden in front of a television audience estimated at one billion, and a crowd of approximately 100 selected attendees, including the Citizens Advisory Council, the President appears to have spontaneously combusted. (Video links) 
“Unless we are all suffering from a shared mass hallucination, we have to accept what we saw with our own eyes,” remarked Michael Chen, controversial writer and head of the Citizen’s Advisory Council (CAC).
“I believe he was taken by God,” remarked Estrella Klein, another eyewitness to the event.
A full investigation is underway. Meanwhile, Secret Service agents escorted Vice President Jennifer Morgan into the White House, where she was sworn in as the 48th President of the United States by Chief Justice Whitman, who was also on hand…

“I, Jennifer Morgan, do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.”

As the Nation reeled in shock, outrage spilled out onto the floor of the Senate, as political factions lined up and took sides on the constitutional succession of Jennifer Morgan, from an unelected appointed Senator to the Vice Presidency, and then on up to the Presidency in less than one year. The heads of the opposition, Senators Tamara Spinner of New York, and Marvin Mohair of New Mexico, objected to Morgan's succession in no uncertain terms.
“Over my dead body will I serve under that whore bitch,” cried Spinner, right before she was tackled by Senator Gandalf Maloney, of New Hampshire. Punches flew, and Capitol Police had to be called into the Senate chamber to break up the brawl. After order was restored, Senator Spinner also claimed that “President Lasher was FRIED, right before our eyes! Morgan surely has access to the late Peter Derringer’s super laser weapon Sauron. An immediate investigation by an Independent Prosecutor should be launched right away.”
Waiving the rules, the Senate confirmed lame duck interim California Governor Ignacio (Nat) Garcia, as Vice President of the United States, in a rushed  straight up-and-down vote. Senate Majority Leader Drew Peadick then hastily adjourned, over Senator Spinner's strident and vehement objections. 

My fellow Americans.
This is a sad, but exhilarating day for the United States of America. Let us honor and remember our dear departed President Dennis Lasher, with a moment of silence.
(pause)
In spite of our sorrow, the business of our Nation must proceed.
I am honored and humbled to stand before you on this day, as the 48th President of the United States. I never sought this privilege, and in fact have never sought public office. That being said, I stand here as your Chief Executive, by mandate in accordance with the Constitution. And as I swore in my oath, I shall preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution to the best of my ability. The Constitution shall be my guide in every action I make as President, and I shall surround myself with the best constitutional scholars in the nation. I will also consult with the Citizen’s Advisory Council, whom I have requested to stay on, in light of today's events.
Dark days are upon us, but I am confident that as Americans, we will rise to the challenges before us. Indeed, these are serious challenges, both foreign, and domestic.
My primary objective is to continue to enact the reforms begun by my predecessor, President Dennis Lasher. Most citizens would agree me that these reforms were long overdue. The nation was on the brink when President Lasher boldly took the bull by the horns and began to clean house. In my administration, the remaining corruption in all departments of the Federal Government will be rooted out and exposed in the sunlight of transparency. The work is only halfway done. 
The scheduled joint session of Congress will proceed as planned, and will be dedicated to legacy and memory of President Dennis Lasher. This proposed legislation drafted by the Citizens Advisory Council is too important and vital to be postponed. The American People demand that we act now, and in the People's interests, I will use all of the powers granted to me by the Constitution to move the Transparency in Government Act forward, because as President Lasher remarked only minutes before he was taken from us, things are happening in the world beyond our borders. 
My administration will end at the conclusion of Dennis Lasher’s term, less than one year from now. I will not stand for reelection. 
Now that I stated my main talking points, I would now like to talk to you as a fellow citizen and just a regular person who has the same, or similar interests, likes and dislikes, as all of you. Some of you will no doubt have problems with my own personal style. Well, excuse me. I am not a politician, never have been, and never wanted to be one. I think that there are way too many professional politicians in Washington DC as it is, but let me tell you something: I intend to change all of that. I want to create an environment that is more welcoming to regular citizens in who are interested in taking a turn at civic duty. Let me make myself clear: No more business as usual in our Nation’s Capitol. On my honor, I swear to the American People that I will not tolerate any special interests and corrupt lobbying from corporations, or unions, for that matter. Some of these special interests will be addressed by the proposed Transparency in Government Act. Mandatory term limits are also included in the proposed legislation. 
For the record, I am no left-winger, right-winger, know-nothing, or yahoo. 
Let me tell you a little about myself. I was born in White Plains, New York…”

The Hong Kong Star: REALITY SHOW USA PRESIDENT!
The Paris Gazette: IT’S COME TO THIS
Pravda: AMERICA IS OVER
The Sun: MORGAN NUDE PHOTOS ON PAGE 3!
The Sydney Bulletin: WE ARE ALL TOAST
London Thymes: (N Flinth, Editor) SO WHAT?

After a private briefing by her Cabinet and the Joint Chiefs, Jenny met with the Citizen’s Advisory Council (CAC), who all pledged to help the new President ride out the remaining months of Lasher's term smoothly. Everybody cheered when Jenny stated that the President of the United States would no longer waste precious time in providing photo-ops for V.I.P. tourists, political power players, business leaders, baseball teams, charitable organizations, and Hollywood celebrity whores. This policy had been started by Lasher, and was to be continued under Jennifer Morgan. She also ordered that a live audio/video feed would be fed from the Oval Office, and would be accessible online, from 6:00 AM to 6:00 PM, daily. A video feed (without audio) would also be accessible from the Situation Room.
“Then we can truly take care of the nation’s business,” said Jenny, “So mind your Ps and Qs, everybody, we are now broadcasting live to the Nation!”
Jennifer's right-hand man (and bassist for the Hermes Quartet) Bingham Wilson was appointed Acting White House Press Secretary, and would brief the Media on a daily basis.

Bing Wilson, hands on his hips, surveyed the murmuring and buzzed White House Press Corp with a doubtful look on his face. 
“Alright, homeboys and girls, everybody settle down, and let me lay down my rules, before I call the President in.”
“Rules? What rules?” yelled out a reporter from the Associated Press.
“Who the hell are you?” added somebody from Reuters.
“My rules are whatever I feel like,” replied Bing, “and you two turkeys just used up your allotted questions. Does anybody else have any questions, before I call the President in? No? Alright! Get the drift? Be cool, and be respectful. Form a line right over here, and no shoutin’ out of turn, or you will be escorted to the end of the line. Second offenders won't be admitted to the next briefing unless they show up in pajamas! —Hey, that's a thought! I'll take it up with the Boss, y'all should see HER in her PJs! Come on, get in line, time’s a wastin’…”
Bing chuckled as the reporters did as they were told. When he was satisfied, he signaled to an SS man, who opened the door to the side of the podium, and the President walked right in without further ado. Georgia Van Sutherland stood quietly on the side, out of camera range.
“Good morning,” said Jenny, as she strolled up to the podium. “I will answer as many questions as I can. I know that President Lasher did not hold scheduled press conferences, but I intend to make these a weekly event. As I stated in my speech, I do have my own style, which some of you here may find unorthodox and eccentric. I will do my best to control my temper and watch my language, if all of you will cooperate, keep to the issues, and avoid the gotcha questions and the sandbags! I see that Mr. Wilson has got you all lined up and ready to go. Please identify yourself before you state your question. Let’s begin!”
“Simon Binder, from the Washington Tribune. President Morgan, this may seem to be a frivolous question, but in light of the fact that you are our nation’s first female president, how would you prefer to be addressed? Madame President? Ms. President?”
“Right! Great question. Hmmm, definitely don’t call me Ms. President. I don’t mind if you call me Mister President—I can swing with that. You can call me Jenny, but please don’t call me President Jenny! —Next question?”
“Judi Trent from the Daily Squeeler. Do you have any comment on the nude photos of yourself that have resurfaced on the net, and certain publications?”
“That’s real good, Judi. Question number two, and we’ve already entered tabloid land.”
“Mr. President, our readers would like to know what you think—”
“OK. I was 19 years old when I posed for those pictures. My car was in the shop, my rent was overdue, and my cat was at the vet. I was singing for my supper, washing dishes, busing tables, and cramming for exams. Would I do it again? Oh boy, let me think… well, you’ve got to admit, those shots look pretty good, don’t you think? —Next?”
“Washington News; Washington Free Press. President Morgan—”
Jenny smiled. “Washington News? I’ve never heard of your paper. Are you new?”
“Well the Free Press has been around for more than 40 years, Madame President.”
Bing moved over to the microphone. “Free Press? What about the Washington News, man? Which is it?”
“Which is what?”
“Your affiliation, please.”
“Washington Free Press.”
“Alright. Identify yourself, man. The President, and the whole freakin’ nation  is waiting.”
“Washington News. Madame President—”
Bing was beginning to lose his patience. “Washington News? I thought you said you was the Free Press.”
“Oh yes, the Washington Free Press.”
“One more time, what's your handle, please?”
“Washington News.”
“Listen, Herbert, all I’m getting out of you is bunch of voodoo—”
Jenny smiled and kept her cool. “I’ll handle it, Bing. —Sir, what is the name on your driver’s license?” 
“I don’t drive, I use public transportation.”
“Do you ever write checks?”
“Never wrote a check in my life, Madame President.”
Two Secret Service men came up from behind the hapless reporter. Jenny tried one more time. “Sir, what is the name on your birth certificate?”
“Washington News.”
“That’s it,” said Bing, “I’m going to bitch-slap you myself.” 
“That’s my NAME, Washington News, correspondent for the Washington Free Press.” 
Jenny nodded. “Oh, NOW I see, gotcha, so sorry! What was your question?”
The reporter scratched his receding hairline.
“I… can't… remember. Oh my gosh, let me think…”
“We will get back to you,” said Jennifer. “Next?”
“Thomas Tubias, Tallahassee Times. The Speaker of the House has scheduled an unprecedented Joint Event-Session of Congress, five days from now. Would you care to comment?”
“Right! The Speaker and the President of the Senate have agreed to the Joint Session. The Transparency in Government Act has now been posted, and the public has a chance to look it over for five days. Then we will all convene on August 11 at 9:00 PM for the Joint Event. I am the warm-up act, and will speak before both Houses to make my case for Congress to speedily pass this groundbreaking legislation. Immediately after, I will return to the White House, and the Speaker will convene the Joint Session, and will waive the rules and request a straight up and down vote.”
“Miz President, don’t you think that our Repre’sentives might need a little more time to study th’ Bill?”
“Since the complete Legislation is less than ten pages, I am confident that five days should be more than enough time. —Next?”
“Wilco Katz, of the Des Moines Snail. Concerning your swearing-in ceremony: Is there a reason why you did not include ‘So help me God’, at the end of your oath?”
“Right. Let’s get that one out of the way. I have never believed in swearing on the Bible, or swearing to God, and I’ll tell you why. Look at our last three or four Presidents. Each one of them placed their hands on some book and solemnly swore ‘So help me God’, and they all were liars. Even Dennis Lasher, may he rest in peace. I refuse to join their company. Sorry, but that’s the way I see it. Whether I believe in God or not, is irrelevant and has no bearing on my duties and abilities as President, and my sworn duty to uphold the Constitution. There will be no ‘Inter-faith’ prayer breakfasts during my tenure as President. The First Amendment guarantees me the right to practice the religion of my choice, or NOT to practice a religion, if I so choose. Religion is a private matter. I will fight to the death to defend the right of the people to live and practice, or not, the religion of their choice. —Next?”
“Francisco Gutierrez, Flash de Noticias Alambre. President Morgan, do you have an official statement regarding the suicide of New York Mayor Elizabeth Silverberg, and the possible involvement of New York Senator Tamara Spinner, following the release of the clandestine video of the notorious Jade Shank shower incident?”
“No, I do not have an official statement except to offer my condolences to the family of Mayor Silverberg. Regarding Senator Spinner’s alleged involvement? The second woman in that video, well, her face is conveniently facing away from the camera for the entire length of the video, so without any further evidence or proof, I think that the Senator can safely relax, unless somebody produces a picture of her butt that we can run through a computer match! Anything’s possible. I myself would never accuse or insinuate that the woman in the video is indeed, um, Senator Spinner. —Next question?”
There were gasps and murmuring throughout the press room. Bing Wilson smiled and shook his head, as Jenny pointed to the next reporter in line.
“Melinda Scahill, NCC News. Senator Spinner has made some serious accusations concerning both President Lasher, and yourself. Would you care to comment on these accusations?”
“Line 'em up, Melinda, and we'll knock 'em down.”
“Thank you, er, Mr. President. Number One: Senator Spinner claims that President Lasher is, or was, behind the abduction of Jade Shank, and is, or was, hiding her in a secure location, for political purposes.”
“I won’t even legitimize that idiotic charge with a comment, Melinda. Next accusation, please?”
“Senator Spinner has suggested, er, insinuated, that President Lasher was assassinated, well, by you, Mr. President.”
There was another, louder murmur in the press gallery. Jenny waited a moment for everybody to settle down, before answering in a calm, steady voice. 
“Tamara Spinner is either mentally ill, or an evil bitch who is walking a thin line between free speech, sedition, and treason, and I will not stand for it, I shit you not. Let me make myself clear, my fellow Americans. I will not tolerate such irresponsible and inflammatory language, and that crazy bitch better knock it off.”
Bing Wilson slapped his leg and whooped, as the press corps went completely bonkers! “Bring it on, you motherjumpers!” he yelled, earning a frown from the President. “Oops, sorry, boss!” 
After order was restored, the questions continued.
“Woodhead Angus-Snead, Gallows Media. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Ptard is rattling his saber and threatening our European allies. The EU Parliament in Brussels has issued an ultimatum in return, demanding that Russia free up more natural gas and adhere to the Euro Standard at interest rates set by Brussels. What is your administration’s position on this matter?”
“Well, Woody, let me tell you that the United States will not tolerate any aggression regarding Europe—however, the EU better soften their tone and take a more diplomatic stance, you know. Maybe they should stop provoking Russia, and open up their markets at a fair rate, and who knows? Perhaps Ptard will return the gesture, and free up more natural gas supplies. It's a two-way street, and the EU shouldn't expect that the USA will ride in to the rescue this time around.”
“President Morgan, Senator Spinner is urging that NATO conduct maneuvers along the Polish and Latvian borders.” 
“Absolutely not! We do urge Prime Minister Ptard to tread softly, take a deep breath, and get his pecker down. Maybe he should concentrate on his own country’s problems, and stop throwing his weight around. We also urge him to release all political prisoners, including the Moist and Juicy Girls. —C’mon, Mr. Ptard, you can do it, and nobody will question your manhood if you do the right thing and show us your softer, gentler, human side! —Next, and LAST question—Meg?”
Jenny pointed to an old friend, Meg Tyler of Yak TV.
“Thank you, Mr. President. What about the Jade Shank investigation? There has been no word for a week now, concerning her whereabouts. There are rumors, disturbing rumors—”
“Facts, and not rumors, are what we need to go on, Meg. The FBI is investigating fully.” Jenny paused, and concluded: “Thank you, members of the Press, and the American People. See you here, next week.”

“This is John Dough, Senior Political Correspondent, NCC News. 
Wow. You just saw it live, President Jennifer Morgan’s first news conference. Underlying this historic event of witnessing our first woman President, is a sense that there is a great political divide in America, regarding the succession of Jennifer Morgan, from Senator to Vice President, and then to the Presidency in less than one year. Some political observers have voiced concerns that our unique, and some say sacred, political process has been hijacked by criminal and special interests. Sitting with me in the NCC Washington DC Studios, is Senator Tamara Spinner, of New York. —Senator Spinner. Tough talk from our new President…”
“Stop right there, John. I do not consider Jennifer Morgan to be our legitimate President, and I urge my colleagues in the House to speedily introduce legislation for impeachment, which is provided by our Constitution.”
“Impeachment is a serious matter, Senator. Do you have evidence of ‘High Crimes and Misdemeanors’?”
“John, a coup has taken place in our country, a long-planned and well-funded coup, that was first foisted on President Phillip Hammer by Dennis Lasher, and continued by Jennifer Morgan. This coup has been funded by a group of established traitors and special interests, under the auspices of the rogue Table Foundation, aided by foreign enemies.”
“Let me repeat myself, Senator Spinner. These are serious charges.”
“It pains me to say it, John, but our country has been stolen. President Hammer was a strong, popular leader who was facing incredible challenges and obstacles, and he had to make some tough, unpopular, but necessary decisions. Even his political adversaries on the other side of the aisle grudgingly concede that he was an honest and capable leader, a true President in every sense of the word, for ALL of the American People. He held firm during those dark days of the Iranian threat, despite traitorous domestic terror plots from the Syznic-ites, and followers of the international cyber-criminals Guru Abbryggdd, and the Bonny Black Prince. I have evidence that link the Bonny Black Prince to Boffin Syznic, and narcotics trafficking, under the cover of the Table Foundation, and yes, the dangerous and subversive Third Eye Patch.” 
“And your evidence?”
“It is still being gathered, as we speak, John. For example: The shameful treatment of the Grand Old Man of the Senate, Wilbur Prescott, who was framed, forced to resign, and suffered the humiliation of being tried on bogus charges. Outrageous! And don’t forget the murder of Peter Derringer, and the deaths of all those law enforcement officers serving a legal warrant on the estate of Boffin Syznic. And last, but not least, the sinister and clandestine drugging of President Hammer on methamphetamines by Dennis Lasher and rogue Secret Service Agents, traitors to their oaths to serve and protect their President! Drug dealers have taken over the White House! Look at Lasher’s appearance during his last days… Look at Jennifer Morgan, and her cohorts! Remember David Cross, the drug-addicted subversive lawyer for the drug-running Table Foundation? All of this will be presented as evidence at the impeachment hearings.”
“Senator Spinner, do you feel like you are in any danger, for speaking out?”
“My welfare is of little importance, John, just as long as the truth can proceed, and justice is served.”
“Thank you, Senator Tamara Spinner, of New York. —This is John Dough, NCC News.”

President Morgan sat with Georgia Van Sutherland and Bing Wilson in a parlor next to her private quarters. Two female SS agents sat on the other side of the room, playing cards. Jenny nursed a cranberry cocktail, as Bing mixed himself a scotch and soda, from the mini-bar. 
“They doubled my Secret Service detail,” sighed the President. “More like tripled… damn it, my old place is so much more looser than this insane asylum.”
(The Vice President's official residence is located on the grounds of Naval Observatory.)
Van chuckled as she sipped from a glass of white wine. “Welcome to the fishbowl! You know the drill, Jennifer. After a while, you won’t even notice them at all.”
“Even when I’m in the shower? Tell me, will these gals look the other way if I get itchy and maybe troll for an intern?”
Van Sutherland cackled gleefully, but Bing didn’t get the joke. “Intern?”
“Does Monica Lewinsky ring a bell, Bing? —Van, I want to thank you for staying on board with me. I can't imagine how hard this must be for you, with Dennis… you know, so soon…”
“Thanks, Jen. I made my peace with Dennis' inevitable demise many weeks ago. He insisted on it; he knew it was coming. I couldn't make him stop what he was doing…”
“Was it the remote viewing, Van? Was that what burned him out?”
“That, and this latest business with the Russians. Both Dr. Dryer and myself urged him to stop, but in vain. He was completely obsessed with Ptard and every night they would… wrestle wills. Do you believe me?”
“A year or two ago I would've said that you were crazy, but things have changed, since I became a Patchling… sometimes when I get really stressed out or when my back is up against the wall… sometimes… I go into the twilight zone… ultra-violet… sometimes I can see the bigger picture and get hunches that are almost always right… these episodes are usually fleeting—most of the time! Mike calls it 'The Sureness of the Nous'. I still can't explain it any better than that! —Look, I am so very glad that you are here with me, Van.” 
“I wouldn't even dream of leaving now! I feel that I must stick it out to the end, Mister President.”
Both Jenny and Van Sutherland laughed again, diffusing a little bit of the oppressive tension that had been the order of the day. 
“OK,” said Van, “Nacho will be sworn in tomorrow, as soon as he arrives in DC.”
Nacho was the nickname of newly selected Vice President Nat Garcia, lame duck Governor of California and another maverick and independent operator like Jenny.
The President sighed and kicked her shoes off. “What do we do about Tamara Spinner? Is there anything that we can get her on?”
“Not a chance, Jennifer. We have to let this one go, with no official comment. Say nothing, and smile! Don’t spoil it. Let’s see where this Spinner bullshit goes, Jennifer. Your ratings in the polls actually went up, from 64 to 68 percent, AFTER your press conference, and Spinner’s nutty rant.”
“What is she doing, Van?”
“She’s trying to piss you off and distract you from your agenda. Take the high road, and ignore her. She and her bunch are starting to get desperate now, and are sinking fast in their own bullshit. Trust me, Jen.”
“I for one, would like to slap the shit out that bitch, if you ask me,” said Bing. 
Jenny leaned over and put her arm around his shoulder.
“Luckily for her, I’m not asking!”
Bing looked at his watch and winced. “Shit, I forgot to call the wife!”
“You had better call her, then,” said Jen, suppressing a giggle. Mrs. Wilson was a force of nature, and you didn’t mess with her. 
Maybe I should hire her.

From the Daily Squeeler: PRESIDENT MORGAN TRANSFERS FEMALE SECRET SERVICE AGENTS FROM WHITE HOUSE NIGHT SHIFT
According to DC insiders and 'Daily Squeelers' in the White House Press Corp, the President 'prefers beefcake served nightly in her private quarters.'

NCC NewsWire: SENATE PASSES TRANSPARENCY IN GOVERNMENT ACT WITH 7 VOTE CUSHION; TERM LIMITS, END OF CPACS; SPINNER FACTION VOTES NO, VOWS TO 'TAKE IT ALL THE WAY TO THE SUPREME COURT'

14: Fairy Castle In the Sky

Jade Shank sits with Mimi Syznic on a little rocky beach located in a narrow inlet of Lake Latvia. Never mind that the 'real' Mimi Syznic has been in a deep coma for three months now, currently on life support in a clinic in Berkeley, California. Mimi, along with her husband, electronics billionaire Boffin Syznic (also in a coma, somewhere in Mexico) is one of the co-founders of the Third Eye Patch, but the healing benefits of the Patch didn't work out so well for her, alas. According to Dr. Lori Dryer, both Mimi and Boffin had pushed themselves to the limit, resulting in their comas.
Jade knows that Mimi isn't really here with her on this fantasy beach, but no matter. The sun feels glorious on their bodies, and a pleasant breeze teases their hair. The skies are milky white, contrasting the dark battlements of Vladimir Ptard's fairy castle, which looms high behind them atop a cliff of sheer granite.
“I can't believe it's really you, Aunt Mimi! You look so young and beautiful! I must be dead, right? I know that none of this is really real!”
“Dead? How come I wasn't informed?”
Mimi throws her head back in laughter, as Jade gazes upon her in wonder.
Mimi just cracked a joke!
“How is it that you are here with me?”
“Why, you summoned me, my dear girl, along with a little help from the Nous. You have experienced an episode of severe trauma, as did I, but the Nous has intervened, just in the nick of time. Do not fight it, Jade! I resisted, oh how I resisted, and look what happened to me! Stay strong, stay cagey, and above all, keep one step ahead of that sick, twisted bastard Ptard.”
“I will, I promise! Mimi, where is Uncle Boffin? Some people say that they can communicate with him… like on the OtherNet. Is that true, do you think?”
“Who knows? Boffin is around… he tends to drift… neither here nor there, nowhere and everywhere. He fancies the lonely plains of Tuva, while I prefer…” 
Mimi begins to flicker and fade. “I prefer the stars! Call on me, Jade, whenever you feel all alone and lost, out in the darkness—”
Mimi disappears into a sparkling mist. Jade weeps, but her tears are from joy, and the love and hope that has rekindled in her heart.


4) Sea Stories and Evil Princes

15: Petra and Willy

Petra Romain and William Gallows huddle together outside on the breezy observation deck and slurp lousy coffee from plastic cups, as seagulls swoop and dive-bomb the auto deck down below with guano. The coast of Ireland is three hours away.
Willy gazes at the morning edition of the London Thymes, for the fourth time. The top headline is in large boldface: 
SURVEILANCE CAMS REVEAL PRINCE HENRY'S PREFERENCE FOR NEGLIGEES, STOCKINGS AND GARTER BELTS 
But the story that has Gallows' attention is below the fold, and the byline is in smaller letters:
UNDERWORLD HIT-WOMAN AND HENCHMAN FEARED DROWNED OFF CORNISH COAST
“Think we fooled them, Petra?”
“I hope so, Willy.”
“I say, is that Frog Bervirt fellow off the hook now, what with the Devil's untimely demise? Surely—”
“No way! This mission of mine, and that blast… I don't believe in coincidences, Willy. Someone has crashed the party… there must have been a mole, or a leak in the Master's inner circle. And if you really believe that Sir Beedle killed himself, I've got some prime oceanfront property in Norfolk for a bargain price, just for you!”
Willy laughs grimly. “It's ironic, Petra. The one person that could probably help us is my brother Nigel Flinth, who as you know, is thick as thieves with those Table Foundationers. Unfortunately, he interpreted my careless remarks as an actual threat, damn the luck! Nobody seems to have a sense of humor any more, especially unfaithful servants and bastard half-brothers!”
Petra shakes her head, and leans over to give him a kiss. She then sits back with her eyes closed and reflects upon the last few crazy days. 

The escape plan had been simple, but a little risky. After leaving his car in the driveway next to Natty's Jaguar, Max hiked down the beach the long way into town to get a clean rental car, under a different identity. (Max had several at his disposal.) In the meantime, Natty sealed up Willy and Petra's money, credit cards, and passports in a waterproof plastic bag. Everything else with Danko's 'footprints' was left in the bungalow, along with Max's wallet. After leaving food on the table and the front door unlocked, Natty and Willy made their way down to the beach and dragged the sailboat down to the waterline. After they lit out of the cove using the craft's small motor, they set sail for Torquay Harbor. Willy wore a hood to conceal his face. After making sure that they were seen by a number of other boats near the breakwater, Natty reversed course and sailed twenty miles up the rocky coast to Rogue's Cove, where Max waited anxiously, under cover.
It was near sundown when Natty and Willy stripped off their clothing and stashed everything into another plastic bag and sealed it up good and tight.
“R.I.P. Natty Danko,” said Willy, with a grin. 
“Goodbye, Natasha,” said Petra Romain, barely above a whisper.
Petra then set the bow seaward and they abandoned ship, leaving behind one life preserver, an empty wine bottle, and Natty Danko's purse. As the little sailboat drifted back out to sea, Willy and Petra swam safely to shore and ran bare naked up the deserted beach towards Max's flickering flashlight. Within minutes they were huddling together under a blanket as Max drove northbound on M5, destination: Bristol.
Early the next morning, Colin Partridge (Max) deadheaded back to London to check their flank and gather news. Partridge also promised to check in on Uncle Peter, and Natty's friend Luna.
Willy and Petra rented a car in Bristol, and cruised leisurely across the border into Cardiff and on to Swansea. After lunch and bit of sightseeing at windy Mumbles Head, they reached the western coast of Pembrokeshire at sunset, where they checked into a motor hotel and spent the night pleasantly. After coffee in the chilly dawn, the 'honeymooners' caught the morning ferry to Rosslare, Ireland.

16: Children Of The Pit

LONDON THYMES EDITORIAL by SIR NIGEL FLINTH, EDITOR AND PUBLISHER
It is with a heavy heart that I pen these words, so soon after I received my Knighthood by the Queen, only one week ago. Long and careful thought, not to mention agonizing midnight oil went into this editorial, but it is my sacred duty to present the Truth to the British People, to whom I have the privilege of serving.
Concerning my feature story about Sir Malachi Beedle and his sinister past: If I had known that the expose would most likely drive Sir Beedle to take his own life, would I have still run the story? The answer to that question is yes, I would have run the story regardless. The Truth must always take precedence over power, prestige, and privilege.
As for this next bit of news, it has painfully fallen to me to reveal to the Public that a man most dear to my heart is most likely to be named as a primary person of interest in the expanding investigation of a dastardly criminal scheme, that for reasons of National Security, must remain classified, according to confidential and reliable sources to the London Thymes. I shall not name this man, but it pains me that this person, who welcomed me and my fiance back to the UK as a friend and confidant, is now implicated in this sinister plot. For shame! No one is above the law, and I believe that concepts such as Virtue, Fair Play, and Character are not, and should not be just antiquated terms, when the time of succession does arrive. Being next in line does not grant one special exemptions and immunities to the rules that the rest of us adhere and live by. Maybe the elder should emulate the younger, who so nobly served his Queen and Country with honor and distinction in Afghanistan. The People deserve better. We mustn't let the malcontents and radicals be proven right on their claims that maybe the Bonny Black Prince IS the best one of us all. May God Save The Queen.
This has been an editorial by Sir Nigel Flinth, London.

Oxford Shire, later that same day
Evil Prince Edward wheeled his imported Harley three-wheeler through the flowerbeds, sending the gardeners scurrying for cover. He laughed gleefully as he pulled up to front entryway of the stately manor house, where he revved the motor obnoxiously and hollered at the top of his lungs, “I'm home, bitch!”
A young brunette with a pinched face stuck her head out from an upper floor window and shrieked back down at him: “Shut that bloody thing off, you stupid sod! You are upsetting Mummy and Daddy, and the servants!”
“Oh, piss off,” yelled Edward, as he shut the motor off. “Make yourself naked, and fix me a snack, while you are at it!”
Samantha Withers-Bristol Crème flashed her bare breasts mischievously.
“Oh bother. Do come on up, Eddie.”
The Prince hopped off the Harley and ambled on into the manor, tracking mud and motor oil on the embroidered carpets. A frightened servant cautiously peered out from behind a suit of armor, and Edward bellowed, “Look sharp! Get me a cold frothy lager, and keep them coming!”
“Eddie, stop bullying the help for beer!” shrieked Samantha from upstairs. “I've got plenty upstairs!”
“I'm afraid that you have absolutely nothing upstairs, luv, if you know wot I mean! Nothing above the neck at all, and down below, nothing but knockers, knickers and panty hamsters! Get yourself lubricated luv, I'll be in the bloody bog.”
“Don't forget to piss INTO the toilet this time, wanker!”
“Oh bloody hell, I think I'm in love.” 
Prince Edward's official wife, the Lady Olivia Winchester-Cheese, was busy at a charity event in Brighton, 100 miles to the south, probably shagging one of her bloody Italian gigolos. Edward despised her, and knew that the feeling was mutual, but the marriage had been arranged by Grandmother, so he had to go along, at least for the time being. Edward preferred Samantha, who on their very first date, cracked his skull with a polo mallet at a match in Hampstead Heath, and he immediately fell in love with her. Samantha was his kind of bird! At the moment, Sam was missing a few of her teeth, but the Prince did not exactly escape injury during that last row, blast the luck! He had to go to the hospital with a fractured hand, and two broken fingers! His hand and trigger finger were still not up to snuff, the friggin’ bitch! Edward had been home from Afghanistan for three months now, and he was itching for a little hardcore shooting and splatter.
After a round of yabyum that could be heard throughout the manor, Edward and Samantha broke out some crystal meth, and chased the dragon for a while. A copy of the morning London Thymes lay face-up on Samantha's coffee table. 
“Wot's this Nigel Flinth chap up to, Sammy? Damned if he didn't give me a bloody well push right here!” Edward shook his head in wonder.
“Flinth is only rightfully saying that you are the better man, Eddie. He's damn well shouting to the rooftops that YOU should succeed your grandmother, and not your pansy brother.”
“Keep talking, luv, I like it, I like it.”
“What with your daddy in exile, Henry is dangerously paranoid with you behind his back.”
“Rightfully paranoid, I should say. But paranoids often get desperate and show their hands too soon—I'm positively certain that Henry took out poor old Grimm and Wheeley!” 
“Swishy Henry?”
“All of that cross-dressing shyte is just an act, a bloody front! Believe me, Henry is a ruthless operator underneath his silk stockings and corsets. He may be stupid and impulsive, but he's still a bloody Winzer, through and through!” 
Edward smacked the newspaper. “It appears that public opinion is turning on hapless Henry. Pity. I deem that it is my time to shine, luv. Humor me, Sammy. What with Ben Grimm out of the game, what should WE do to move things along?”
Besides being Edward's shagging partner and punching bag, Samantha also served as Eddie's political adviser and brain-trust. 
“Your allies in the Press must uncover a dastardly conspiracy that implicates Henry as the actual mastermind behind your daddy's plot to poison your sainted grandmother! Imagine the disillusion and outrage of the commoners when they learn that Henry set up his very own father, just so he could jump to the head of the line! You have many friends and contacts who on your side. Powerful friends! I have some influential friends as well… Henry is such an embarrassment… We can do this! The time is ripe, so we must act now while we have the opportunity!”
“Henry will be wary and suspicious.”
“Not if you lay low and stay out of trouble, Eddie.” 
“Right! I shall behave myself, and when I fly out to Latvia, I will make my intentions known, secretly of course, to Gregor Paulos. The very fact that he invited ME to the conference and not my sainted brother, speaks volumes and tells me where the political winds are blowing… Sammy, it will be your job to discretely network and coordinate with my moles in the ministries and the Media, and to make sure that my operatives are all in place and ready to roll, on say, hmm, maybe the 20th of August. Spread the love and don't forget the blow-jobs!”
“Eddie!”
“Ha ha ha! This is it! Brother Henry and his allies, not to mention my dear wife Olivia, will be arrested, confined, tried for treason, and then be executed with all due speed, in the Tower… come to think of it, wouldn't it be a jolly, bloody good treat for the tourists, don't you think? It's too bad that Grimm won't be around to join in the fun, blast the luck!” 
“What about the Queen, Eddie?”
Edward was silent for a moment. “Grandmother's mind is almost gone. All she does is play that bloody game—”
“—My Next Life.”
“Indeed. Her current life is precarious, the poor old dear. This is where things get sticky: To prevent certain civil war from erupting, Henry must be tried and executed before Grandma passes away. I will weep, I will cry, I will rend my clothes and plead with Grandmother to spare my wayward brother's life, but to no avail.”
Evil Prince Henry winked at Samantha, who seized his face in her hands and gave him a hardcore French kiss, and they both tumbled back onto the bed. Another intense round of yabyum ensued, and afterward they broke out some more meth. The night was young, and Edward wanted to talk about the coming Baldenbird conference over in Latvia.
“I’ve decided to let my old schoolmate, Willy Gallows the lesser, accompany me to the conference. My detectives have located the poor old bugger, who is hiding out in Ireland, of all places! Traveling with some commoner, some bimbo…”
“Isn’t he wanted for threatening his brother, or something?”
“Bollocks. He does owe a lot of back taxes from his inheritance, the bloody fool. I will make all of that go away, and provide him with protection. I owe it to an old mate. Latvia! We are going to travel with Krishna O’Bannon, who thinks that HE is the coming Antichrist, that lovable maniac!”
“Are you jealous, Eddie?”
“Wot?”
Krishna O’Bannon was the front man for the legendary anthem band WMD, and he was so rich that he owned half of Ireland, and a good chunk of the City of London. 
O’Bannon, the Prince, Samantha, and many others, were counted among the Children of the Pit; the bastard spiritual descendants of the Nephilim. (Genesis 6:4)
“Ooh, Krishna,” purred Samantha, “he is so inspiring!”
“He’s a bloomin’ idiot, Sammy, but I will need his backing when I, WE, make our move against our noble Henry. Gallows can be useful to us as well.”
“Eddie, are you going to miss me, when you are away at that stupid bald bird meeting?”
“Hardly bloody likely, since they are flying in an army of whores for everybody, and some leftovers also, for the Press!”
Samantha then slapped Edward so hard that he spilled the crank all over the bedspread. A red hand-print materialized on Edward’s face, and in response he pinched her ear so hard that Samantha’s shriek could be heard throughout the manor and the grounds outside. Edward then kissed her savagely, greedily, while Samantha guided his left hand into a handcuff, and attached it to the bedpost.
Throughout the night, screams of pain and pleasure could be heard from the upstairs quarters. In an adjoining bedroom, a young woman wearing a maid's outfit, loaded an audio file onto her encrypted cell phone, and sent it on to a secure web address in London. 
“Just act normally, and go about your business,” she whispered to Samantha's frightened parents, “All of this will be over soon. Courage, now!” 
Samantha’s parents spent the rest of the night huddled together in fear, as the maid sat in a chair by the bedroom door, with her pistol stashed in her handbag, at the ready. It was many hours before Edward and Samantha settled down.

11:30 PM, Thames River, Chelsea Embankment
Nigel Flinth waited nervously on a bench, overlooking the river. The air was still smoky as a result of distant fires in south London, and a low-lying inversion layer had settled over the lower Thames valley.
A solitary streetwalker strolled by, and looked him over. 
“Not tonight, love,” muttered Nigel to the hooker, “you might want to try your luck over that way, over yonder.” Nigel pointed vaguely in the direction of Grosvenor Road and Victoria Station.
“Well, well, well,” said the hooker in a husky, boozy voice, “if it isn't Sir Nigel Flinth, all alone after dark, within easy reach of my claws. How charming.”
The hooker sat down next to Flinth, and adjusted his fishnet stocking and garter.
“Good evening to you, Prince Henry,” said Nigel, as the Prince pulled a compact out of his purse and touched up his lipstick.
“Well done, Flinth! That editorial was just brilliant, absolutely top notch! My spies tell me that it indeed has emboldened my twisted little brother, and he is going to make his move, along with his mistress, on or around the 20th, just as soon as he returns from that ghastly Baldenbird Conference.”
Henry explained that Samantha Withers' parents were only too happy to cooperate, because they were scared to death of their out of control, monster of a daughter. The very thought of Evil Prince Edward becoming their son-in-law, was more than they could bear, let alone their daughter becoming the next Queen of England.
“The Withers maid has it all on tape: Eddie and Samantha plotting to kill myself and the Lady Olivia, and usurp the Monarchy. Grandmother is heartbroken…”
“What's the plan, Henry? Rest assured that I will keep my mouth shut.”
“Good man! Eddie will be arrested as soon as he lands back in England. Samantha and the others will be likewise rounded up. Ghastly business, Flinth.”
“I guess it has to be done, Henry. What should I do, in the meantime?”
“Why not take a holiday with your Bender? Lay low, find a quiet place in Scotland and do some fishing. When the smoke clears, I will need you by my side, Flinth. Are you with me?”
“Absolutely, my Lord!” Flinth stood and shook hands with the masculine hooker.
“Good luck, Henry.”

17: Busted

Shannon Court Hotel, Shannon, Ireland
Petra Romain lay long awake, as William Gallows snored softly beside her. Their luggage was all packed and ready to go, stacked neatly by the door of their hotel room. They still had six or so hours before the flight out to Frisco. 
Willy had been grumpy and surly all evening, after a silly argument about condoms, of all things. Willy hated the bloody things but Petra wasn't sympathetic, and had been quite annoyed when she caught him earlier dropping one to the floor in stealth, before they were finished. Willy came inside of her before they could stop themselves.
“Oh no Willy! You didn't, did you…?”
“Blasted thing slipped off of me, luv. These things are a friggin pain in the bum.”
 “Well excuse ME, Willy.” 
“News flash, Petra, there's a thing called the PILL, ever heard of it? Quite the rage these days.”
“That's really easy for you to say! Why should I have to take the bloody thing? They mess me up and make me sick. We girls always get the shaft—why don't YOU blokes take the bloody pill?”
It may have been a stupid argument to Willy, but Petra had every right to be mad. Willy had come inside of her, against her wishes. She hadn't asked much from him in their relationship except for that one little thing, damn it anyway!
Something just wasn't right with Willy, and she couldn't quite put her finger on it. He seemed to be growing increasingly uneasy about their flight to California, as if he was having second thoughts.
In Petra's new-found rush of freedom and passion, she had hastily (and maybe foolishly) hitched her wagon to Willy's, and in hindsight had to admit that Gallows' reputation had never been a sterling one, having left both his wife and his mistress high and dry. Petra had hoped that recent circumstances would change him for the better, but it looked like Willy was now looking for a way out. The bloom was off the rose. What to do? She didn't want to leave without him because she still desired his company and affection. She desperately wanted to believe, NEEDED to believe in him, because if she couldn't believe in William Gallows, then how could she ever truly believe in herself, let alone God?

After Willy took his shower, Petra took her turn, and as she stood under the hot steamy water, she focused on her mission ahead in California. She needed to locate and warn this Phrogg fellow, and to render him assistance if he needed it. All of this business about Jade Shank was indeed bizarre, and Petra wondered if there was any connection with her own mission. She suspected that something was going on behind the scenes, and she hoped that she wasn't walking into a minefield. 
God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Petra wrapped a towel around her head and strode naked out of the bathroom.
“Listen Willy, I'm really sorry about last—” 
A hand covered her mouth, and she felt herself lifted off her feet. She kicked her legs and flailed her arms frantically as she was tossed buck naked onto the bed. She gasped as she scrambled upright onto her knees, and saw that the room was filled with men in suits—gangsters or plainclothes cops, take your pick. Petra had no gun to reach for; all of that had been left behind with Natty Danko, back at Devonside Cove.
“Willy!” she panted.
Gallows was surrounded by four or five unsmiling goons. He was fully dressed, and his hands were cuffed in front of him. Two women also stood in the room: one was a mean-looking veteran who reeked of Cop, and the other was a blonde, younger specimen who stood stiffly by the door. 
“Who the bloody hell are you?” Petra yelled, incredulous and outraged.
Willy smiled weakly at Petra, as the mean looking woman approached the bed, and tossed her some clothes.
“Get dressed, whore,” she barked, and Petra did as she was told.
One of the plainclothes cops flashed his badge to Willy. “James McGuinn, of the Garda. Welcome to Ireland, Mr. Gallows.”
“Thank you so very much, but I'm not staying,” said Willy, “and in fact, I've got a flight to catch.”
“Indeed you do, Mr. Gallows,” said another cop, a beefy thug that had MI6 written all over him. “But not to the destination that you had planned on, I'm afraid.”
“Which one of you is from the bloody Yard?” Willy said jovially, pointing at a tall deathly-looking specimen in a navy blue suit. “Would that be you?”
“You’ve got me, sir. Hillman, Scotland Yard.”
Petra spoke up from the bed, as she adjusted her bra strap. “Willy, what is this all about?”
“You shut up,” said the mean-looking policewoman. The beefy thug nodded to McGuinn and the other goons, and said to the blonde woman by the door, “Open the door.”
The door swung open, and the man of destiny strode into the room. Both Willy and Petra opened their mouths in stupefied surprise, and were rendered speechless. Evil Prince Edward Winzer, stood grinning before them, clad in camouflage fatigues.
“Willy boy, long time no see! Sorry for the intrusion; please forgive me.”
Edward motioned to the beefy goon, who freed Willy from his handcuffs.
“Gallows, this is Crosby, SO14, Royal Protection Command.”
Crosby shook Willy's hand. “Sorry for the rough treatment, sir.”
Edward put his arm around Willy's shoulder. “Let's go have a drink, mate, and have us a little chat.” Edward turned and looked at Petra, still on the bed, and snapped his finger at the mean policewoman.
“Get rid of her.” Edward then looked at the blonde woman by the door.
“Who do you belong to?” Edward turned to the other cops. “Who is this person?”
“I don't know,” said Crosby, “Isn't she part of your team, McGuinn?”
“No, I daresay, I thought she was one of yours.”
Hillman from Scotland Yard shrugged and shook his head.
“Who the bloody fuck are you?” said Edward. 
The blonde pulled out a badge and showed it to him.
“INTERPOL, Inspector Elizabeth Clarke, on behalf of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, Your Highness. I have a legal international warrant here to take Miss Petra Romain into custody for embezzling and bank fraud.”
The Prince waved away the warrants that she held up for his examination.
“Carry on, then,” he said, clearly not interested in Petra Romain. Willy did not utter one word, or look at Petra during the entire exchange. The Prince turned and made his exit, with Willy and the police goons in tow. The mean grimacing policewoman glanced back over her shoulder, and was the last one out the door.
The younger policewoman immediately locked the door, sat herself down, and exhaled in relief. She gave Petra a chilly smile. “Well, THAT was a little dicey! Prince Edward IS quite insane. Madder than a hatter, as you surely know. Hardcore lunatic. Luckily for us, he is quite preoccupied at the moment.”
“Excuse me?”
“Like I said, it's a near thing. Willy Gallows looks quite relieved, don't you think? You ARE best shut of him, let me tell you—although YOU of all people, should know better.”
“Me? —Who are you?” said Petra, stepping off the bed.
“Your new partner. Get your things together. We mustn't miss our flight to LA.”
Petra froze. “Excuse me? Partner? OUR flight? LA?”
“Your secret is safe with me, Natasha Danko. Fortunately for you, the Prince and those cops are bleeding idiots, and because they were primarily after Gallows, I was able to pull a fast one right in front of their eyes, but we aren't yet out of the woods by a long shot. Can William Gallows keep his mouth shut?”
“Who ARE you?”
“I'm the best friend you've got right now, Danko. Let's get you out of here before somebody decides to actually check with INTERPOL. Ireland is too hot for you right now, and likewise San Francisco International Airport. Petra Romain must remain forever in this hotel room, and Tina Delacroix will walk out that door with me. You can call me Fiona Huxley. You and me are successful businesswomen, who just happen to be newlyweds enjoying our honeymoon in Ireland. Our visas are up to date, and a private chartered jet is waiting for us, as we speak. Next stop: Reykjavik, and then on to LA, by way of Toronto and Buffalo. Do hurry now, Tina, before somebody smells a rat.”
“Wait a minute—I NEED to get to San Francisco. Someone's life is in danger.”
“Are you referring to the famous Phineas Phrogg Bervirt, virtual reality game wizard and international porn star?”
Petra was speechless.
“Relax, and hear me out. Master Ben Grimm, may his soul repose in eternal molten lava, wasn't the only one interested in this Bervirt chap. Bervirt IS in danger, but I intend to snatch him before the others get wind of things, because… because Bervirt may be the most import person on the planet today, and he must be allowed to proceed and succeed… in his mission.”
“Who are you, and who do you really work for?”
Fiona lowered her voice. “My real name is Susan Fairclo.”
“Fairclo…” Petra whispered, “Susan Fairclo…”
“Private Detective, St. James Place. I am now working freelance, due to recent, tragic, developments… my late employer was an associate, and a secret financier of the OtherNet…”
“OtherNet? Your late employer?”
“Correct—and for your information, he did NOT commit suicide—he was pushed from the roof of the Gallows Tower.”
Petra was astonished. “Beedle —Sir Malachi Beedle was your—”
“He was my boss, mentor, foster-father, and the greatest man I have ever known. The one and only man in the UK that was able to keep the Royal Family in check, and for many years he stoutly prevented the whole rotten boat from floundering. The tide is turning. Get yourself together, Miss Delacroix. I'll brief you fully, on the flight.”

18: Dear Tina

Dear Tina, I cannot sleep, and since we are still two hours out of Toronto, I figured that I would pass the time to tell you a little more about myself, and how I came to the attention of Malachi Beedle. I know how painful this is for you, as it is for me, but I am grateful that you do understand my side in all of this. I loved my father just as much as you loved yours, as I told you back on our stopover in Iceland. I was only 17 years old when your daddy strangled my daddy with a garrotte, all because of some silly old nightclub. (Pegg's Pub, it's called these days.) Although you do not remember ME, I do remember YOU, my dear: 12 years old, shy, and very awkward around the boys! My girlfriend Emmy babysat you and Willy a few times, when our fathers were still good mates, along with William Gallows, and your uncles. I spent my summers in London with my father, and the rest of the year with my mother in Santa Monica, CA. How I hated Southern California, preferring London—talk about barmy!
(Editor's Note: Several paragraphs have been deleted  for discretionary reasons.) 
How I remember landing at Heathrow, a chubby Valley Girl, all alone and woebegone. It all fell on my shoulders, you see, because my alcoholic mother, upon hearing the terrible news, suffered a severe nervous breakdown and had to be hospitalized, the poor thing. Mama never recovered, and died several years later. 
The Metro Police were courteous and respectful, and assured me that Daddy's killer would be brought to justice. I trusted them at their word, why shouldn't have I? I decided to drop out of high school and stay on in London for the rest of the year, in order to wrap up my father's affairs. Mama was too far gone by then, so I became the representative of the Fairclo Clan by default, because my older half-brother Mick was engaged in a top-secret mission in ___ at the time.
After a while it became apparent to me that the Metro Police and Scotland Yard weren't seriously investigating Daddy's murder, and I began to hear stories and rumors. When I discovered the truth, my world did not fall apart, in fact, it came together. I found a purpose, a reason to go on living, and to attain justice.
It took me nearly a year to plan, train, get into shape, and become proficient with weapons and hand-to-hand-combat. I had a bit of Daddy's money, and I found people that were all too willing to instruct me in the many creative ways to kill another human being, and escape detection. I lost 20 pounds that winter as I trained in my Daddy's basement in Soho. I know how painful this is for you, but I need to finish my account, although I will spare you the specific details.
'Trisha from Birmingham' began to hang out at your Uncle Mikhail's club, and soon caught the eye of your father, my dearest Tina. Trish was just one of the dozens, if not hundreds, of lost creatures that hung around the periphery of your uncles' scene: a slim, goth, night creature with death-black eye shadow and witchy see-through blouses with black tights and spiked heels. A real clone. It took me a few weeks (and more than a few blowjobs!) but one fine night your father slipped me his home number.
(deleted)
Gasbagg had just begun their second set, and your Uncle Mikhail was busy downstairs when I slipped into his little office upstairs and called your daddy from the club's phone. I was more than ready and all set to go, after months of meticulous planning. No one saw me slip out back and enter Mikhail's private parking garage and plant the bomb on the underside of his Mercedes-Benz. I then rode over to your house in St. Anne's Court on a stolen bicycle, clad in an oversized raincoat and hat. 
(deleted)
After I finished with your father, I rode over to your Uncle Nicci's apartment just off Grosvenor Square. 
(deleted)
 I left poor Nicci reclining on a park bench along the river, right about the same moment that your Uncle Mikhail turned his ignition key and blew himself and the roof of his parking garage to kingdom come. I dumped Nicci's car near Victoria Station, and rode the tube all the way up to Baker Street, where I removed my rubber gloves, wig, punk clothes, and raincoat in the loo and stuffed them into a large shopping bag. Sweet little Susie Fairclo then caught to tube back to Soho, and all my paraphernalia went into dustbins along the way. I hopped out at Oxford Circle and strolled home to Beak Street with a cup of hot coffee, a breakfast roll, and the morning paper. The police never even made an inquiry. It was assumed that 'professional underworld hit-men' had performed the executions. William Gallows was briefly detained by Metro and the Yard, but was released when his alibi was found legit. The 'legend' was born.
My mission had been accomplished, my dearest Tina, although I felt numb and dead inside. I made plans to return to LA, as soon as I wrapped up my father's affairs and accounts. I received a call from a solicitor, inquiring about buying the house on Beak Street. The client's name was Malachi Beedle—
I will have to finish this account later, Tina. The pilot says we are approaching Toronto, and I have to wake you up—more later 

19: Dear Natasha

Dear Natasha, I was shocked and saddened to read in the London Thymes that you and Max Mircle disappeared and most likely drowned off the rocky coast of Cornwall! The authorities suggest that maybe you and Max were perhaps a little too intoxicated on that day in question to foolishly take that little sailboat out on those choppy and treacherous waters. Like Fiona always says: OH-MY-GOD! How very fitting for you to die that way, since you were already floundering for a life-preserver. (Willy Gallows?) As a matter of fact, you had been perpetually drowning in toxic quicksand for years, ever since your 13th birthday when your doting but evil father was smothered in a dry-cleaning bag—OH-MY-GOD!—by the very woman sleeping peacefully next to me as we glide high above the clouds somewhere over the heartland of the USA. Isn't life funny?
By the way, Petra Romain passed away, the poor thing. She and Willy had themselves a merry old time when they were hiding out in Ireland. Maybe too much of a merry old time. In hindsight, maybe Petra should have applied the brakes a little sooner, but I think she wanted to make up for all the lost time (and love) that you squandered away during all those bad old years when you worked for Ben Grimm. Petra was given a sign by God and she made a vow for life, liberty, and love. Oh, how you used to laugh and scoff at the very notion of God—and the Devil, of course. You were always so snotty and superior in the presence of your inferiors as you gallivanted around the scene in your capes and riding hoods and your bloody Jaguar. Tell me, my dearest Natty: why did you bury your head and weep every lonely night, out of sight and mind? Did you really think that you could hide from God when you buried your face under your pillows in the dark?
Dear little Petra, bless her heart, saw Uncle Peter's sign for what it was and accepted God into her life—and her heart. She did her best, she truly did, and after Willy and the Prince left her high and dry, the poor thing died (maybe from a broken heart?) in that Shannon hotel room. She had done her part and eased Tina's transition into existence. Willy did his part also, in his very own blundering way. You see, my dearest Natty, Willy left me with something a little bit more substantial than just his jolly and fond memory. I AM a little late this month, but I won't really know for sure until we touch down in California. My first test was inconclusive, but according to Fiona, you need to test yourself again after 5 or so days, just to be sure.
I need to sleep now, so I must sign off. I'm sure that you are very curious (and suspicious) why I have forgiven Fiona for rubbing out Daddy. Well, she did have her reasons and besides, how could I expect God to forgive me, if I didn't forgive Fiona in turn? Let's don't forget Willy, who didn't even look me in the eye and say goodbye when he strolled out that door with Jolly Prince Edward.
Goodbye, Natty, and do give all my best to Master Grimm, Gunther, Wheeley, and most of all, Boris Danko, when you join them all, down in Hell!
Yours, Tina Delacroix

 
5) Anatomy of a Harpy                              

20: Judy Baggins

There comes a time in one’s life when the veils of Maya are pulled away from one’s eyes and the light of truth will shine in the catacombs, if only for one brief crystal moment. Unfortunately, this light can be a blinding one that does not bring on illumination, but instead bitterness and confusion. This light can be a false satori, an invitation to the great emptiness. 
How would you feel if you discovered in a flash of enlightenment that everything you ever believed to be good and true and righteous was a complete sham? Imagine how a loving son or daughter feels when the police arrive one fine day to arrest Mom and Dad for dealing drugs, or murder, or distributing child pornography. Some people pull themselves together and become stronger as a result. But some do not. 

Another day was winding down at the Southern California Gaea Carbon Exchange nerve center, when Day Shift Manager Judy Baggins snuck a forbidden peek at the Eco-Tittler on her Avocado console (at least she wasn’t peeking at porn or NoseBook) and when she saw Marsha Portrero’s provocative headline, she could not believe her eyes:
ONCE AN OIL PIG, ALWAYS AN OIL PIG: ENVIRO PHONY MEL TRUNKDALE SIGNS $500 MILLION DEAL WITH SKEIK AZIZ, UNITED OIL EMIRATES
Judy thought it was surely a joke, and looked around to see if any of her co-workers were snickering and slapping five at once again getting her goat with an amusing cyber prank. Judy had been the butt of more than a few good ones over the years at SCGCE, but no one was looking in her direction, and the room was oddly silent. 
 Sure, she and the other worker bees at Mel’s Malibu headquarters knew that there was a deal in the works. Mel himself had informed them that he wanted to move on, but nobody would be losing their jobs. Names of prospective buyers that were batted around included EarthPeace, GreenCo, and the Cascade Club, all worthy, wealthy and respected environmental advocacy non-profits. But the United Oil Emirates?
Judy felt a lurch in her guts when sweet little Karen Gulliver abruptly broke out into tears right at her desk. Suddenly the room was a-babble with nervous chatter, moaning and weeping. Sam Damrosch fell to his knees and vomited into a wastepaper basket constructed from recycled materials. Uh oh. A line of men wearing suits entered the main floor, and to Judy's dismay, satellite vans and news crews were setting up right outside the Center's glass front entryway. Double uh-oh. 
Judy’s stomach did back-flips as she bent back to her computer. The story was the same on the other news websites. The whole network, carbon exchange and all, had been sold to Aziz, Mel’s longtime mortal enemy, after secret negotiations. Mel himself could not be reached for comment, and was reported to be somewhere in Europe, after accepting an invitation to attend and address next month’s exclusive Baldenbird Conference. 
—What? The Baldenbirders were the enemies of everything Judy stood for, after ten years of dedicated work for Mel and the great cause. This couldn’t be right! 
Within minutes the news was confirmed. Judy, along with the entire office staff were informed by one of Mel’s flunkies that their services were terminated. Bonuses and severance packages were included with their termination notices. The flunky told everybody to clean out their desks, delete any porn or personal bullshit from their computers, and surrender their keys, and then he took off like a bat out of Hell. He had not looked once into any of their faces. So much for Mel Trunkdale, loved and trusted by millions. 
Trust can take years to build, but only one second to break.
A lawyer and an accountant appeared at Judy’s desk with her last paycheck and browbeat her into signing a non-disclosure agreement forbidding her to say anything bad about Mel Trunkdale and his betrayal of the environmental movement. Judy signed the forms, and received her severance package, including an extra bonus check for $65,000. 

Late that night Judy Baggins shivered naked in the moonlight and made a pact with the Moon Goddess, after pricking her forefinger to let her blood flow into her garden. (Menstrual blood is preferred, but any blood will do in a pinch.) 
“My life for your crop,” she chanted.
A plan began to formulate in her mind. Judy calculated that she had about $145,000 in cash at hand, thanks to the bonus and severance packages. First thing in the morning she was going to put her beloved beach house up for sale, knowing that she would need every penny if she was to move forward with her plan. She had to be very careful from here on out.
“Idealism cannot ignore the reality of Power,” she tweeted to her friends and family, most of whom had settled into a state of resigned disillusionment. 
“I see this as a brilliant strategic counter-stroke! Mel has masterfully shifted the conversation and moved the cause directly into the enemy’s own camp! This is a victory, not a defeat!”
These and other tweets were to provide cover for what she was planning to do. Judy knew that the government and the media were surely going to paint her as a deranged person with a history of mental problems (untrue), a long history of weekly therapy (true, alas) kinky sexual incidents (oh so unfair!) and an inability to establish and keep longtime friends and relationships. Friends and family members would lament that maybe they should have paid more attention to her violent and unstable tendencies, and her clear cries for help.
Right! 
Judy told herself not to dwell on any of this, because it wouldn’t do any good. It was too late now, and there was nothing anybody (including Mel Trunkdale himself) could do or say to make her change her mind.
It took her only four days to sell her little bungalow on the beach, right down the street from the Urth Café. Demanding cash, she took a loss, but no matter, time was precious. Judy needed to sever her roots and make a clean break from her old life. A man waited for her in Vegas, a man who for $10,000 would hook her up with another man, who, after inspection and mucho evaluation and another $10,000, just might introduce her to a fellow who went by the name of Damien Darkstar.
Darkstar’s name was one that was spoken only in whispers among the more radical activists in the Green Movement. Some claimed that he was associated with the Bonny Black Prince, while others insisted that he was a government agent. In popular lore, Darkstar was one of the founders of the Harpies, the most extreme eco-jihadists of them all. The Harpies were so hardcore that they all signed oaths in their own blood to die for Mother Gaea and the cause. (Never mind collateral damages and even the deaths of unicorns.) In other words, the Harpies were the kamikazes, the suicide bombers who were willing to make the ultimate sacrifice in service to the Earth. 
“No higher praise can there be for those who lay down their lives for the Planet,” is one of the quotes accredited to Damien Darkstar. Judy Baggins was determined to join the ranks of ‘the Shining Ones’, and attain immortality… the Moon Goddess had decreed that Mel Trunkdale had to die, and that Judy Baggins was the one she had chosen to administer judgment—and punishment.
Only seven days after receiving her termination notice, Judy Baggins burned all of her possessions, photos, letters and her old life in her fireplace. She then packed her Kia hatchback with only essential supplies (including a shoebox containing more than $300,000) and in the dead of night, she left LA and her old life behind her—forever. 

It took another week and $60,000 to make contact with Darkstar. Wondering if she had been had, Judy waited patiently at the Symplegades Motel near the outskirts of Vegas. She now kept her money in a bulky money belt that she improvised from the shoulder holster that came along with the Smith and Wesson .9 mm pistol that she purchased in Henderson. She slept with one eye open and one hand on her pistol, and waited for the infamous Damien Darkstar.
At six in the morning on day five, Judy was startled by a single loud knock on the door. She sprang out of the bed, gun in hand, cocked and ready for bear.
“Who's there?”
No answer. Judy peeked through the shutters, only to see a cowgirl clad in a tank-top shirt and blue jeans leaning against an old blue pickup truck. The cowgirl wore a Stetson hat, and her reddish-blonde hair was tied back in a ponytail. She looked positively bored as she worked on her nails. 
Not another middleman!
Judy hurriedly dressed and made sure that everything was stowed in her backpack. As she cautiously stepped outside, the bored young woman said in a normal voice, without looking up, “Leave the keys in your car. Don't worry about paying the motel. You will ride with me in the truck.”
Judy did as she was told, and then climbed into the shotgun side of the old, battered pickup truck. “Are we going to see Damien Darkstar?”
The girl sat behind the wheel and played with her bra strap, clearly annoyed with the uncomfortable garment. She popped her gum and turned to face Judy.
“Are you a law enforcement officer or an informer in the employ of any law enforcement agency, local, State, or Federal?”
“You forgot to include International—I could be working for INTERPOL.”
“Are you?”
“I could ask you the same. YOU smell like a cop to me. What's your name?”
“How much money do you have?”
“None of your damn business.”
“Oh-ho, it's very much my damn business.”
“I want to talk to Damien Darkstar.”
“Why don't you just get out of the truck, you fat-assed bitch.”
Judy was done with all the bullshit. She pulled out her pistol and stuck it in the girl's ribs. “Enough! Take me to Darkstar—right now.”
Cowgirl was unruffled, and started the truck. “You've got the safety on. Never, ever, point a gun at anyone unless you really mean it, sweetheart.”
“Where are we going, Calamity Jane?”
The girl laughed. “High and lonesome country. Shangria-la. Damien Darkstar.”
In no time at all they were tooling up Highway 97 in sparse traffic, and within minutes they were out in the open desert, heading north.
“What's your name?” Judy yelled. The truck was noisy and made quite a racket on the open highway.
“You can call me Nicole,” the young woman shouted back, “Hey, did you know that St. Nicolas is the patron saint of prostitutes?”
“I think I did hear that once, a long time ago.”
They bantered and bullshitted with each other for about an hour, until Nicole indicated that she was going to make a left turn up ahead. “Hang on!”
Nicole turned off the highway onto a dirt road. The sun was well up by then, and Judy could see waves of heat already rising on the horizon. 
“Shangria-la…” she muttered.
The truck rattled and bucked as Nicole dodged the larger potholes and nosed the truck down the bouncy track toward what looked like an oasis, a real oasis. 
“Oh wow…” murmured Judy. 
“There are a few springs back there in the hills. Swimming hole, too.”
“Is Darkstar here?”
“We shall see…”
Nicole drove past an old shack and a few tents and rolled up to a stop out in front of an irrigated field of green melons. Melons?
“I've got the best melons in the State of Nevada,” giggled Nicole, “Eat your heart out, Baggins!”
“Far out, you grow melons.”
“Among other things… did you know that the high desert is the best place in the world to grow melons, just as long as you've got plenty of water?” 
“I never knew.” Judy pointed over to a new black Cadillac Escalade, parked in the dirt. “Whose is that?”
“Take a guess,” laughed Nicole.
“Darkstar's?”
“The very same.”
About ten women were working in the field. They wore large hats and their arms and legs were covered on account of the brutal sun. A flatbed truck drove slowly down between the lanes, as some of the woman tossed melons by hand up to other girls in the back of the truck.
“The Sisters of Saint Barbara of the Bombardiers,” said Nicole. “She's the patron saint of artillerymen, not to mention armorers, military engineers, gunsmiths, miners and anyone else who works with cannons and explosives.”
“I didn't know that.”
“Oh yes. Barby is also invoked against thunder and lightning and all accidents arising from explosions of gunpowder. She is venerated by those who face the danger of sudden and violent death in their dangerous professions.”
“Wow.” Judy looked around at her surroundings. “You own this place?”
“Damien Darkstar owns this place.”
“Where is he, Nicole? I've already dropped $60,000 and lost one whole week, and I'm tired of everybody's bullshit—including yours!”
“Lots of people are looking for Damien Darkstar. My job is to make sure that you are the real thing, Baggins. Why do you want to meet… Damien Darkstar?”
Judy hesitated. “I want… I want to join the Harpies.”
“Just like that? Just like joining Greenpeace?”
“I want to… execute… Mel Trunkdale.” 
To Judy's astonishment, Nicole laughed gaily and clapped her hands.
“I thought so! We checked you out, you know. And now here you are, dejected and betrayed, demanding justice—not to mention a bit of glory for yourself! We do admire your dedication, but we needed to make sure, you see. And as for Trunkdale, many of us have known for a long time that he was only a huckster and a phony. He was useful for a while, but he couldn't resist his nature, the greedy pig. So, after much thought, we have decided to admit you to our cabal, and place the matter of Mel Trunkdale at the top of our do-list. Honor is due, Baggins!”
“We?” 
“My name is Damien Darkstar, and I am so sorry I called you a fat ass.”
Damien Nicole Darkstar seized a stupefied Judy Baggins and kissed her full on the lips. Judy offered no resistance. The die was cast.

21: Damien Darkstar

Damien and Judy were sweethearts / They had a quarrel one fine day,
Judy she vowed that she would leave her / Said she was going away

The Harpies held numerous tracts of land at their disposal, worldwide. Damien herself owned melon farms in Sinai, Nevada, and Gaza, Utah. After the melons were harvested in Sinai, Damien loaded Judy and the Sisters of St. Barbara of the Bombardiers onto an old school bus and drove up to Gaza to harvest the last of the summer's crop. Well, that was their cover story. The Sisters were now ready for their long-planned mission: a full frontal attack on the government's supercomputer and data-mining center at Wintergren, Utah. Twenty 'nuns' navigating gliders loaded with bunker-busting explosives were ready to destroy NASTY'S vast underground facility. 
“The Harpies…” murmured Judy, in genuine awe.
“Originally, I was going to lead the mission,” confided Nicole, “but when you came along and proposed the strike on Piggy Trunkdale…” Nicole paused to kiss Judy passionately. “The sisters will do just fine without me. They've been training for this action for more than a year now. Thanks to YOU, priorities have changed. You and me are off to Finland, so we can take a crash course in ballooning and hang gliding. This is the big one, Judy, much more symbolic than our long planned spy center action. Optics! Personalize your target! We are going to rip the very heart out of DeathCo, you and I… we will be immortalized, mama, for all time…”

“Gettum young, Brigham…” muttered Judy Baggins.
Judy and Damien lazed on a mattress in the shade, as their two young gigolos played nude hackey-sack on a strip of astroturf out behind Damien's trailer.
“Life is but a dream.”
“Where did you find these two, Nicole?”
Nicole replied in a low whisper. “They're snoopers, Judy girl. Investigative reporters.”
“What?” Judy hissed. “What the—?”
“Thank the Goddess that they're well hung! Let's make good use of them, while we can!”
Judy had nothing to say to that. Nicole turned over on the blanket and oozed up onto Judy, and pinned her between her legs.
“Cheer up; everybody dies. Some go out in blazing glory.”
“My life for your crop,” Judy murmured. 
“That's my girl,” said Nicole Darkstar, who began to kiss Judy's neck and shoulders, and began to work her way southwards.
“Hey! Wait for us, babes!” yelled one of the young studs out on the astroturf.
“Blondie's mine, this round,” Judy snickered.

So Damien took aim with her forty-four / Shot her five times with a rooty-toot-toot.

From the Gaza Utah Star: Two unidentified men were found dead in a rental car parked in the desert 20 miles west of Mt. Nebo. It appears that the men died from carbon monoxide poisoning, according to the Beersheeba County Sheriffs Department. Drugs, alcohol, and sex toys were also found in the vehicle—

NCC NewsWire: PRESIDENT MORGAN ISSUES EXECUTIVE ORDER; ORDERS IMMEDIATE CLOSING AND EVACUATION OF UTAH SPY CENTER; ORDERS BUNKER-BUSTER BOMBING STRIKE; USAF DESTROYS NASTY AND NSA DATABANKS
“This action was on the late President Lasher's calendar,” remarked the President, in an impromptu news conference. “Given the track record of our Intelligence Agencies, I felt that the time was ripe to move forward. I have requested that Governor Moab employ the Utah National Guard to secure the site. I have also directed NASTY, NSA, FBI, and other Federal Agencies to exclude themselves from the cleanup.”

Nicole shrugged as she and Judy watched the bombing from Mount Nebo, seven miles from the Wintergren Spy Complex.
“Son of gun… there goes our op! A whole year to set up!”
“What now, Nicole?”
“Oh shoot, I better send the Sisters on to our training camp up near Yellow Knife. Poor girls have been training so hard…”

NCC NewsWire: Ex-President Phillip Hammer, Enviro Guru Mel Trunkdale, and Prince Edward Winzer To Be Honored At Baldenbird Conference; Fugitive Ex-Senator Wilbur Prescott Reportedly Spotted In Riga

Judy and Nicole gazed out from the balcony of their hotel in Helsinki. The evening was cool, but not uncomfortable. Judy thought the lingering light of the midsummer evening was beautiful beyond description, but she was also a little wistful and sad that she would never see California ever again. 
“Welcome to the Far North, Baggins. There's no place on the planet quite like it.”
“It's a nice place to visit, but not for me.”
“Tell me about it,” said Nicole, “I miss the desert, myself.”
“Has anyone ever told you to your face that you are completely nuts, Nicci?
“Not this week.” Nicole closed her eyes and sang in a little girl's voice: “My heart belongs to Daddy…” Nicole smiled sadly. “My heart of hearts.” 
“So Phillip Hammer… is your father… this is so unreal.”
“Nothing is real… nothing except you and me, and the sacred mission that we have been entrusted with. Your arrival into my life, along with Daddy's return to the spotlight at Mel Piggydale's side… well, I just don't believe in coincidences! You and I have been summoned by the Goddess… to attain justice. For many years I ran and hid from the truth and my foreordained fate and destiny… to settle up with Daddy… it's only proper and fitting that he dies with Mel Trunkdale… two piggies in a blanket!”
“What happened, Nicci? What did he do to you…”
“Why he broke me in, Judy girl!” Nicole laughed jovially. “I was only thirteen, and Daddy had just been re-elected to Congress… we were living in Georgetown and everything was such a rush… Mama was away on an overnight, and Daddy came home late… he was stinking drunk and he slipped into my bed… I just lay there in the dark and didn't make a peep… in the days that followed he acted like nothing had happened… but from that day onward he always avoided me and never looked me in the eye. Extreme hardcore denial? Well, anything's possible, but that doesn't change things. I left home when he was elected Governor… Mama never knew or suspected… or at least I don't think she did… the years passed.”
“So much sadness, Nicci.” 
Judy and Nicole fell silent for a few minutes, until Judy delicately changed the subject. “I can't stop thinking about those two guys back in Utah… what were their names again, I can't remember…”
“Does it matter? Damn the drugs, Judy.”
Judy thought about the Sisters of St. Barbara of the Bombardiers.
 “Who takes over for you, when you and me… when we—”
“When we blow up Daddy and Mel? I don't know his or her real name. I've never met him—or her. Security, natch! Goes by the moniker of Saint Stephen.”
“You're shitting me, Nicci!”
“We chose the Grateful Dead, just to keep the pigs confused.”
“Old Jerry must be spinning in his grave.” 
“He was cremated, Baggins.”
Judy closed her eyes. Next stop: Riga, Baldenbird, Mel Trunkdale, and immortality.

Damien Darkstar went home to bed and lay'd a 44 smokeless 'neath her head

6) LA Interlude

22: Preggers!

Newlyweds Fiona Huxley and Tina Delacroix strolled out to the end of the Santa Monica Pier and took in the sunset. Tina gazed out at the Pacific Ocean and could barely contain her excitement. “I finally made it, Fiona… it's all so very… so bloody perfect!”
“My old stomping grounds,” chuckled Fiona. “My Bog, I just couldn't wait to get out of here, back in high school.”
“Barmy, Fiona! I think this place is fantastic—it's everything that I ever dreamed it to be—even better… I'm never going back to the old sod, I swear.”
“What about your wayward Willy, love? He may be in danger, not to mention your Uncle Peter and your friend Luna.”
“I know, I know… look, I AM very worried about the silly bastard, being in the company of that maniac Edward—and in light of recent developments, it would only be right and proper for Willy to be informed about my current predicament—”
Tina suddenly broke into tears, and Fiona took her in her arms.
“There, there, Tina girl. I'm here for you… I won't let you go. Have yourself a good cry, that's a girl…”
Two separate pregnancy tests in six days confirmed Tina's suspicions: Preggers!
Tina and Fiona held each other tight as they gazed out at a flock of seaward albatrosses silhouetted against the backdrop of the setting sun.

Cautious Fiona ruled out SFO, Oakland, and San Jose Airports for security reasons, and opted instead for Sacramento Airport, where the newlyweds rented a car and drove directly to San Francisco, home of the infamous Phineas Frog Man Bervirt, International porn star and game-zine wizard.
Rewind (1)

Confused yet? I sure am. You, dear reader, know a lot more about what's going on behind the scenes than I did at this point in time. You have now met most of the main players of this 'epic saga'. What a star-studded cast! I myself am the least of these distinguished players, except for the fact that I unwittingly found myself in the possession of the great prize, the golden goose, the keys to the freaking Lamborghini, otherwise known as Boffin Syznic's so-called 'missing energy patch-apps'. Extensively rumored about, but never substantiated. The stuff of legend. These gadgets, eagerly sought by both the good guys and the evil Illuminati, are said to contain the key to the Philosopher's Stone, or at least cheap, clean, unlimited Energy! At this very moment, some very bad people are actively searching for me and the 'big secret'.
Let's recap things, before we return to my own unfolding story and the mysterious 'Order of the Grasshopper'. I first learned about the existence of the Order from Professor Walpole Mantis, a brilliant toothache of a man, who just happened to be in the process of flunking yours truly. Mantis gave me a flashdrive with many interesting links and a list of some very interesting people, including Mr. Yogi Patmos, the original creator/designer of My Next Life, the virtual reality game that Jade and I bought for one dollar and sold for 20 million dollars, in less than one year. 
Patmos has since struck gold with BeastWatch and Karmageddon, or Ka for short. Patmos became a billionaire in less than two years, thanks to his 'on the job' training in marketing mojo and wise investments. (Patmos and I were recently sued by that notorious sewage eel Nigel Flinth, by the way.) I found Patmos to be a genuinely nice dude, the first and only time I met him.
Meanwhile, a new virtual reality game began to sweep the Matrix, hard on the heels of My Next Life and Ka. Mongoose was (and is) much more than a mere game designed solely for entertainment and marketing purposes. Mongoose, to this day, is a philosophy, a theology, a way of life. Suddenly, seemingly overnight, everybody was talking about the freaking Mongoose. “Free goodies!” According to Yogi Patmos, “The Mongoose Cult is a growing virus that threatens to destroy our very notions of liberty, responsibility, free will, and must be shunned.” 
Did I mention my traumatic (but speedy) divorce from International Tabloid Celebrity, Porn Actress, Yak TV Correspondent, and Performance Artist Terrorist Jade Shank? Poor, lost, wild and crazy Jade! After scoring a direct hit on Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Ptard with a loaded water balloon, Jade was snatched right off the streets of Manhattan, leaving dead cops, blown up Mafia bosses and political suicides in her wake. President Dennis Lasher combusted, Jennifer Morgan ascended, and Vlad Ptard gave us the middle finger from his castle located on the Russian-Latvian border. 
Coincidentally, this year's Baldenbird Conference, the Illuminati's annual fish fry, is scheduled to convene in Dagda Latvia (!), a swanky resort right smack up on the Russian border and Vlad Ptard's castle. (Hey, how's it hangin' Vlad!) Baldenbird is kind of like the Sacred Grove, Euro version. This is the annual shindig where the members of DeathCo gather to plan how they intend to carve up the world. Crazy Prince Edward Winzer, the Duke of York, is on the guest list this year, along with ex-President Phillip Hammer, ex-Senator (and international fugitive) Wilbur Prescott, and environmental gasbag Mel Trunkdale. 
This year's gathering is one of extreme importance. Energy is a hot topic. A nasty trade war between Russia and the EU is threatening to erupt into open warfare, an actual shooting war. Will the USA (once again) be dragged into this never-ending bullshit? 
Two years ago, my 'Auntie' Jenny Morgan was the beer-drinking, miniskirted wildcat keyboard player for the Planned Obsolescence Band. Now she is the President of the United States, and her ass (and oh what an ass!) is sitting right smack in the hot seat. War clouds are gathering, sabers are being rattled, homicidal Harpies are on the wing, and the Mongoose Cult is on the rise. To quote a great American: “Can't we all just get along?”
What about Boffin Syznic's missing patch-apps, and my own role in this unfolding story, you may ask? Well, it turns out that across the pond in Merry Old England, amid a nasty power struggle involving the Royal Family and other illustrious Illuminati, a Satanic crime boss somehow got wind of Boffin's gadgets, and dispatched an assassin to either recruit me or take me out. After the Devil incarnate got himself blown up, this assassin (foxy Natasha 'Natty' Danko) found religion, and decided to warn me of the plot, because other sharks were (and are) circling in the water. After getting herself preggers by William Gallows II, Natty hooked up with the shadowy and mysterious Susan Fairclo, and together they took a jet to California to head me off at the pass, because other bad players are eagerly seeking me, even as I sit here in San Francisco, ruminating over a cup of coffee. 
7) Frog and Bone

23: Thorny English Roses

I was nursing a cup of java at my local StartUps, not doing much, when a very attractive young woman approached my table and to my utter surprise and astonishment, asked if she could have a word with me. She spoke with an English accent, and looked about 25. Brown shag hairstyle, medium height and weight, black leather jacket, and green army fatigues. I liked her style immediately! She bit her lip, and smiled sheepishly.
“I'm, er, new in the City, and you look like a nice enough bloke, and somebody I can trust. —Can you tip a girl to any happenings tonight? Nothing hardcore, or anything like that!”
“I'm not really that much of a night person these days,” I stammered like a real idiot. “I'm still too young for the bar scene, um, at least for another six months, ha-ha!”
(I've always been a real loser at breaking the ice with the opposite sex.) 
“My name is Tina. Wot's your moniker, mate?”
“Phineas, although I am better known as Phrogg around here.”
Tina laughed gaily, and sat herself down. “Frog? How cruel! You're not such a bad looking chap, really! —Do you have a car? Please, oh please, take me on a tour of this fantastic town!” 
Tina pulled a wad of dollars out of her leather jacket. “I'll buy, if you fly!”
That broke the ice for me, and I couldn't help but laugh aloud. 
“Well, I do have, um, transportation, if you can call it that.”
We hopped onto my hybrid three-wheeler and took to the hills. Tina gripped me tight as we raced up 17th to Clayton, around Buena Vista Park, and then down steep Ashbury to the Panhandle, where we hooked a left and headed down to the beach. In no time at all we turned north at the old Cliff House, barely visible in a thick fog. We ended up out at Land's End, where it was brisk and sunny.
“Welcome to San Francisco, Tina—at least MY San Fran—”
Tina silenced me with a kiss. Nothing hardcore mind you, but mighty nice, all the same. 
“Thank you, Mr. Frog Man. What a perfect introduction!”
I dropped Tina off downtown at Montgomery and Maiden Lane, where we exchanged phone numbers before she disappeared into the crowd. My heart was beating a brand new tune, as I drove home to the bathhouse.
I waited 24 hours before I worked up the courage to give Tina a call. Why not? The divorce was finalized, and I was at loose ends. Tina was so unlike Jade or Jasmine and she fascinated me to no end. I wanted to get to know her better and maybe go out on a few dates and have some fun, just for the fun of it. Then maybe I would spill the beans and confess to her that I was the infamous Phrogg Bervirt, international porn star, game ziner, and heir to a vast fortune on my twenty-first birthday!
Stupid me. The phone number was a dummy. Zero. Phony.
I spent the next day stupidly cruising around downtown but I never found her among the crowded masses of humanity, so I retired to my loft and idly reviewed Boffin's sketches. Some of the figures looked like they were hastily drawn by little kids, in their simplicity. The longer that I studied these drawings, the more nervous and creepy I began to feel, almost like somebody, somewhere, was looking in at me. Every once and a while I would find myself re-reading that mysterious list on Mantis' flashdrive. 
Order of the Grasshopper? Yogi Patmos? Mongoose?
Everything seemed to be completely loco, and I needed to talk to somebody, anybody.

Aug 9 Yakmail from Jasmine Nightshade to Phineas Phrogg Bervirt:
Dear Phineas, I am so happy I could burst! So much has happened since the last time we spoke together, so hang on to your hat: Biggy and I have reconciled our differences, buried the past, and are getting married this Saturday! Something really wonderful has happened to us, and we have pledged to remain faithful to each other for the rest of our lives. We have been so fortunate to recieve a whole lot of support from some fantastic people that we have met down here, really good people from the Mongoose Corporation. Now wait and hear me out, Phinny! Mongoose was there to give me and Biggy the comfort, help and understanding that we couldn't find anywhere else. Biggy has overcome his depression, and after much thought and discussion, both of us have pledged ourselves to each other and to Mongoose. Please come down and join us, Phinny. These people are real saints, and not the evil people that some claim them to be! Our new friends are loving and supportive and we are so grateful and proud to be counted among them. Just wait until you see our new house and car! Everything is moving so fast! We will be married at the local Mongoose Temple, 1200 E. Maple Street, Santa Barbara, on Saturday, August 12, 2:00 PM. Do come on down and join us! Our local Community Deacon Lester M. really admires you and wants to meet you soon! Please say yes…

Even before I finished reading Jasmine's spooky yakmail, I knew with diamond crystal certainty that I needed to get out of the bathhouse immediately. Intuition? Paranoia? Even a doofus like me could sense the very wrongness in the air. Something just wasn't right. My very bones told me that I needed to split, like pronto. Flee!
I went downstairs to retrieve the backpack, and I packed an overnight bag. I then sent a yakmail to let everybody know that I went scuba diving in Cabo San Lucas. Lastly, I cleared my desktop dropchute, removed the C drive and the micro-processor from the Avocado, and shoved everything into my backpack. It almost felt like a hand was pushing me down the stairs and out the front door of the bathhouse.
FLEE!
I unlocked my three-wheeler, and decided to cruise up to Clayton Street, for no particular reason.

Tina Delacroix was dozing when Fiona Huxley poked her shoulder.
“There's that Ninja guy again.”
The motorcycle cruised slowly past the old bathhouse occupied by one Phineas Phrogg Bervirt, notorious porn stud and gamer wizard. The ninja man's helmet was tinted in black and covered his whole head Darth Vader-like. He tooled the cycle casually down the block and hooked a right turn at the next intersection.
“That bloke is definitely casing out Bervirt's bathhouse.”
“We've got movement.” said Tina.
Sure enough, the Phrogg Man himself stepped out of the rundown bathhouse toting a heavy backpack. He looked like he was going on the lam. He hurriedly attached a battery pack to the back of the three-wheeler parked out front and strapped a beanie-sized helmet to his head. He then zipped out onto the street, and headed north in the direction of downtown. Fiona, having grown up in the States and totally at ease with driving on the bloody wrong side of the road, was designated driver, and she eased the rented Toyota out into traffic and carefully tailed their target from half a block behind. 
“I wonder where he's going, Tina?”
“Why, I bet he's going back to all the places that he showed me… how sweet!”
Suddenly, Fiona's sharp eyes opened in alarm, and she pointed to the right. 
“Here we go.” 
The ninja motorcycle shot out of an alley, clearly in pursuit of the three-wheeler. Fiona put her pedal to the metal, and shot up right behind the cycle, just as Phrogg turned left onto Mission. The ninja man glanced back in alarm as Fiona gunned the Toyota right up on his left, and gently nudged him to the right. The cycle crashed into a line of newspaper racks as the ninja man became airborne and somersaulted right smack into a pretzel stand, knocking it clean off its wheels!
“Damn it, Fiona! Who the hell is he?”
“Who knows? PowerCo, DeathCo, or maybe the Russians. It definitely looks like the word is out! Bloody hell, we need to scoop up this Frog boy, and find a place to dump this rental car, alas.”
Fiona shot through traffic, passing Phrogg, who was blissfully unaware of the action behind him. 
“We'll snatch him up at the next red light. Don't let him slip out of your fingers!”
The light turned red at 5th and Mission, and Tina hopped out of the car and sprinted back down to Phrogg who gaped at her in astonishment. “You!”
“Me.” Tina didn't hesitate, and yanked the poor doofus right off the three-wheeler.
“What the hell are you doing?”
“Saving your life, Yank!” Pinching his ear tightly, she bum-rushed him over to the Toyota and tossed him headfirst into the back seat, backpack and all. Tina then threw herself on top of him, and hollered: “Punch it!” 
Fiona whooped and gunned the car ahead of the green light, and made a hard left onto Fifth. Both Phrogg and Tina panted, as she held him tight.
“Easy, bloke, easy!”
Meanwhile, back on Third, the ninja lay in the ruins of the pretzel stand. Feeling none too worse for wear, he sprang to his feet like an acrobat and dashed over to his overturned dirt bike. In one sweeping motion, he hoisted it up, hopped on the saddle, and kicked it into life on his first attempt. 
“Luchshe umeret' na mototsikle, chem zhit' na kolenyakh!”
(It is better to die on your motorcycle than to live on your knees!)
The ninja roared down Third Street and pulled a wheelie for nearly half the block, to the cheers of thrilled pedestrians and the honking of many pissed-off cars and city buses.

We hid out for awhile in a lesbian bar, south of Market. My blonde 'abductor' ordered soft drinks and we sat ourselves down at a table near the window. Tina was still a little winded from the chase, and her dark brunette hair was tasseled and windblown. Her large brown eyes were just a shade lighter than her hair and I thought that she looked positively exotic and gorgeous! Tina smiled sheepishly and then slurped most of her diet soda loudly through her straw.
“What a rush! Are you OK, Frog?”
I decided to go with the flow. “That's quite a grip you have, Tina.”
“Sorry, Yank, but I had to get you moving.”
 “You were being tailed, kid,” added the sultry blonde, whose accent was a little more refined than Tina's brash Cockney. “We needed to get you off the streets.” 
Blondie was very attractive (dangerously attractive) and looked like she was maybe thirty. Her hair was longer than Tina's and hung down to her shoulders. Both of these girls looked so unalike but in my eyes they complimented each other perfectly.
“OK, talk to me, Tina. That IS your name, right?”
“Please forgive me for leading you on, Yank. My given name is actually Natasha, but you must call me Tina for the time being. Tina Delacroix, OK?”
The pretty blonde bird shook my hand. “My name is Susan, but please call me Fiona until further notice! Let's just cut to the chase—you are in grave danger.” 
“Danger,” I said stupidly. “You know, I was feeling a little paranoid this morning…”
Tina suddenly clutched her belly. “Oh blast, in all of this excitement, I think I forgot to throw up this morning… bloody soda, I'm a bloomin' idiot.” 
Tina then moaned mournfully and doubled over. The bartender had an experienced and knowing eye, and rushed over just in time with a plastic bucket. “I've been there, honey.” 
As Tina puked noisily into the bucket, 'Fiona' bent close to me and whispered into my ear, “Poor girl. Blasted morning sickness, thanks to that bloody bugger William Gallows...”
Despite my paranoia, I did a double-take. “Gallows? Isn't he kind of like, you know, dead?”
“His Lordship's son, Bervirt. Willy the Second is a chip off the old block, and to make a long story short, the bastard got our dear Tina preggers and then left her high and dry.”
Fiona then gave me the rundown about Ascended Master Benjamin Grimm Wilde, and his sudden interest in little old me.
“Fortunately, Grimm is now united with Satan, but now others have decided to crash the party. It looks like a consortium of spooks have set up shop here in San Francisco, because the word is definitely out.”
“The word is out about what?”
“About you, of course. You have something that they want, Frog Man.”
“Who ARE you two?”
“Friends. Maybe the only friends you have at the moment, and hopefully just in the nick of time. Let's just say that Tina and I are dubious partners, once enemies, but now united in our mission, namely to keep you safe from really bad people that want what you are carrying. DeathCo, PowerCo, the Mongoose Cult, the Russians, and even the bloody Pope, will never allow you to uncover the secrets of those, ahem, applications.”
“The Pope?”  
“OK, I was just kidding about him, but not the others! You, and those gadgets in your possession, have set off a bloody avalanche.”

We missed the last bus down the coast, so we decided to hitch down the Coast Highway, over by the zoo. After several rides, we found ourselves stranded for more than an hour on the Cabrillo Highway at Pacifica State Beach. It was very cold and windy, and we sat by the side of the road and swapped stories. Tina and I huddled together for a while, as Fiona took a turn and stuck out her thumb. Tina shivered under my light windbreaker and her own leather jacket. 
“Thanks, Frog! I'll never forget your kindness!”
“That's what they all say! —So what happened next, Tina?”
“After the explosion, I made a vow then and there at Devonshire Cove, to never take another life again, except for maybe in self-defense, of course. Please believe me when I tell you that every single person I, um, santioned, well, they were killers themselves, I swear to God. I know that doesn't excuse me—” Tina paused for a few seconds. “Do you believe in God, Frog?”
I was silent for a moment. “I don't know, Tina, I really don't know.”
“I need to believe! I must believe in something, or I won't be able to live with myself any longer. I truly believe with all my heart that I was given a sign—by God. So there it is—I am going to keep Willy's baby, and I'll never go back to England.”
“Thank you for telling me your story, Tina, I really mean it.”
“I felt that you should know the truth, after what I did to you, and all.”
“I forgive you, just don't sanction me, please!”
Tina playfully punched me in the arm, and it hurt! “Hey watch it, Tina!”
Tina leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. “Sorry, Frog.”
Right at that very moment a van pulled up, and Fiona yelped in delight.
“Onward to Moss Beach!”

Dolger's Cove, Moss Beach, CA
CC Cartier's hideout was nestled amidst the tall reeds and sand dunes just yards beyond the high tide line and the rocky tide pools. The cottage was secluded from the road above by a line of cypress trees, bent by the relentless wind and fog for more than a century after they were originally planted as a wind-block.
Miss Candy answered the door promptly, and bade us welcome. She looked like she could have been sixty, but was in the bloom of health. I'm sure that she was a beauty when she was young. Her eyes were lively and her disposition was sunny.
“Set yourselves down, kids. Call me CC. I'm an old friend of Mike Chen's, you know. He rented a room from me back in, oh, what year was it? Gosh, let's don't go there!”
I nodded politely. CC Beedle Cartier was one the contacts listed on Professor Mantis' yakdrive. She once was Professor Mantis' lawyer, but that was all that I knew about her. To my utter surprise, CC and 'Fiona' embraced each other and pecked each others cheeks. Fiona dabbed CC's eyes with a tissue from her handbag. 
“Susan Fairclo,” CC whispered, “we are at last well met!”
“I am so sorry for the delay, CC. We were spotted, so we had to ditch our rental car… then we missed the last bus so we decided to hitchhike.”
“Beautiful stretch of coastline,” said Tina. “I've always wanted to see… oops, oh bugger here I go again—” 
Tina gripped my arm and began to totter. It had been a very long day for her. 
“Extreme morning sickness,” said Susan to Miss Candy.
“More like all day sickness,” moaned Tina. “I never even imagined…”
“Would you like to lay down, dear? Let me get you a drink of water.”
“Only a sip or two… oh damn.”
As CC led Tina out of the room, Susan whispered to me in a low voice. 
“I had no idea about her condition when we hooked up together. She wasn't even sure herself, not until after we arrived in California.”
CC came back into the room and whispered, “She's out for the count, the poor thing. Too much excitement, and she's dehydrated to boot. She needs to rest and eat some wholesome food, you guys! She told me that she's only eaten take-out junk food for the last week. Let's get some hearty soup into her, and maybe a little bowl of jello!”
Susan took my arm and yanked me to my feet. 
“Mr. Bervirt and I need to take a stroll and have us a little chat.”
CC tossed over her car keys. “Pick up some orange sherbert, chocolate ice cream, ginger ale for your new little mommy, and some bock beer for the rest of us. Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on her.”
“Thanks, CC.”

Fiona and I sat cheek to cheek on a driftwood log and drank dark beer as the sun sank low on the western horizon. Both of us savored the brisk and salty sea air.
“It's so beautiful out here, Bervirt! Reminds me of the Kerry coast!”
Fiona suddenly kissed me on the cheek (just like Tina!) and before I could recover my wits she guzzled a large slug of beer and then belched rather unladylike. 
“Oops, well EXCUSE me!” Fiona was quite chummy and made no secret of what her sexual orientation was! “Damn it, I keep forgetting that you are just a kid, porn video aside!”
“I'll take that as a compliment, I guess,” I said, still reeling from her kiss, softcore as it was. “OK, Fiona, let's go over this again. Tina told me that she is an underworld hit-woman who has now changed her ways and found God. She was quite blunt about it.”
“I do believe that she's sincere and on the level… so much sadness… Tina really can't be blamed for her shady past… look, she never had a normal childhood like most of us… her father was a very evil man who raised her up from day one to follow in his footsteps… to be an underworld killer.”
“Her father? The hell you say!” 
“The Danko Brothers were ruthless gangsters who murdered many good and innocent people… oh damn it Bervirt, since we are partners now I may as well tell you: my father was murdered by Boris Danko because he refused to sell his nightclub to the Danko Brothers. Tina's father strangled my daddy with a leather garrotte.”
I abruptly spit out a mouthful of beer, and Fiona grabbed a hanky out of her bag and mopped up the front of my shirt. I suppressed a shiver as she ran her long elegant fingers along my beer-soaked chest. I was totally flustered and flabbergasted and I blurted out dumbly: “Natasha's father killed your father—and you are traveling with her?”
“Call her Tina… and she is just as much a victim as me… even more so. I have come to like her very much, and she says that she likes me too… we've really bonded during this last crazy week, Tina and I. Both of us are kindred spirits with a lot in common, almost like long-lost sisters. Both of us know how it feels to lose a father… I was only seventeen, you know… bloody hell, that was the year I lost my innocence… I lost it forever.” Fiona paused and smiled nervously. “After Boris Danko was smothered in a plastic laundry bag, Nat—I mean Tina lost it completely. After all, she was only thirteen and totally lost at sea when she ran away from elderly relatives and moved right into a squatters flat in Chelsea, a real bog, a shooting gallery… that's where she came to the attention of Benjamin Grimm and the Order of Lucifer. Not long after her sixteenth birthday, she made her bones when she went undercover and executed a notorious pimp who had already murdered several young women in south London. Served the bloody bastard right, if you ask me. I remember the case very well…” 
Fiona smiled again, and then suddenly from out of nowhere, I had a flash, a revelation, a sureness in my bones, and the truth was verified in Fiona's blue-green eyes. 
“So it was YOU who took out the Danko Brothers, and not your boss, that Sir Malachi Beedle.”
Fiona's face froze in comic astonishment. “Oh SHYTE, did Tina rat me out?”
“No… the thought just popped up into my head.”
“Oh my God… look, please don't tell Miss Candy… oh damn it, damn it, damn it… look, it just had to be done. Like I told you, the Dankos were evil monsters who murdered many innocent people! My father never hurt anybody in his life. Somebody had to take the bull by the horns…” Fiona paused to wipe a few tears from her eyes. “There you have it, Phineas. Do you hate us now?”
“I've only just met the both of you, and I'm trying to keep an open mind. Look, your secret is safe with me. Tina's too. —So Sir William Gallows falsely took the credit for eliminating the Danko brothers, and became a hero to the common people.”
“The very one. Malachi insisted on it.”
“So what's your connection with Miss Candy? Her middle name is Beedle. How long have you known—”
Susan suddenly silenced me with a kiss, a proper and hardcore kiss this time, and my world began to spin.
“Let's go take a ride,” said Susan in a husky voice. Twenty minutes later, we parked in a grove of cypress trees on the bluff behind Miss Candy's bungalow. Susan handed me a condom and unbuckled my belt herself.

Bervirt, I am having difficulties with your revised thesis, and I am seriously considering withdrawing my sponsorship. I do have my academic reputation to consider here. Please meet me 3:00 PM Thursday, at my office to discuss your options.
—Mantis 

I waited outside in the corridor as Professor Mantis locked up his office in the Derringer Memorial Computer Science Building. This was it: I was more than worried about the status of my thesis, and extremely nervous.
Suddenly the sound of running high heels echoed loudly in the corridor, and as I whirled around, a very attractive brunette dashed right past me in a rush. She rudely cut in front of me and breathlessly greeted the startled professor in the doorway. 
“Yes?” Mantis sputtered, as he gazed stupidly at her heaving chest. 
“Oh, I'm so glad to catch you, Professor!” The gushing girl's English accent was lilting and musical. “I have the research papers that you requested.”
“Research papers?” 
The professor fumbled for his glasses, as the woman smiled sweetly. Her brown eyes sparkled and her teal satin dress was delightfully tight, just perfect. My nostrils detected just a touch of elegant perfume. Her total being oozed sex appeal, but I wasn't fooled – I knew instinctively that this woman wasn't a student at all, but an assassin! I wanted to warn the professor, but I found myself totally stupefied and tongue-tied. Mantis however, found his voice. 
“Research papers that I requested?”
“Professor Shank's commentaries on Pythagoras, sir. The Music of the Spheres. ”
“Please forgive me young lady, but everything is a blur these days. Your name and affiliation, please?”
“Tina Delacroix. I'm here on a year-long research sabbatical from Oxford. We chatted at the Anaxagoras Conference, and—”
Mantis licked his lips as his eyes scanned up and down the English Rose's voluptuous body. “Yes, of course, of course—thank you for the, um, research materials that I, um, requested.”
 Tina boldly took Professor Mantis by the arm. “Professor, would it be too forward of me to invite you out for a cup of coffee? I have some serious questions about my academic future, and...”
“Yes, of course, my dear. Anything to help.” 
Mantis turned and dismissed me with a wave of his hand. “Bervirt, I think we can table the matter of your thesis, until, say, next week? Come, young lady.”
Tina winked at me as she took the professor's proffered arm, and together they made their way toward the exit. Tina's posterior was perfection in motion, I do admit, but that's when I positively knew that the Delacroix woman was armed, because I could clearly see the outline of a small pistol under her sweater, right above her butt! This woman intended to shoot Professor Mantis to death, but I was too stupefied to intervene. I freely admit it: Deep down, I wanted Mantis to die.
“Mr. Bervirt?” I whirled around to see a Campus Community Service Officer striding toward me, hand on his holstered gun. “Turn around, face the wall, and don't make me draw my sidearm. Please place your hands behind your back, sir.”
“How come you know my name? Do you have a warrant?”
“I'll show you my warrant—” The pig shoved me against the wall, kicked me in the ass, and slipped some handcuffs over my wrists
“I'm gonna tell my Daddy,” I yelped in noble outrage. “HELP! HELP! DON'T TAZE ME, BRO!”
As the pig led me away I saw that Professor Mantis and the foxy assassin Tina had been joined by another woman, this one a sultry blonde. The three of them had been watching the whole exchange from the end of the corridor.
“Good luck, Bervirt,” Mantis chuckled, unaware that the blonde had her forefinger pointed like a pistol right behind his head. 'Tina' winked at me, yet again!  
The pig took me over to the Regents Building and left me in a back room, under the lights. The University President stepped up into the light, dressed in a rubber unisex bodysuit, holding an enema bag, and a long rubber hose.
“You have to answer for Professor Mantis,” he said softly.
“What about Professor Mantis?”
“He was about ready to flunk you, wasn't he? You made some threats, no?”
“I don't know what you are talking about.”
“Tell me another one! Listen punk, the University, the cops, the courts, and the Media are all on Mongoose's side, not to mention DeathCo! Don't make it any harder on yourself, because you can't beat the Machine. Just sign the goddamn confession.” 
The Rubber Man paused, and then lowered his voice to a whisper. “We've got your wife.”
“Jade? We're divorced now.”
“Not in the eyes of God!” 
Rubber Man opened up a girly magazine centerfold, and winked at me conspiratorially. A pouting Jade Shank reclined on soft furs, her body naked and glistening. 
“Hubba hubba, say no more! —Just sign right on the dotted line, and you can go.”
 I was just about to sign the paper, when the door blew right off its hinges and crashed into the opposite wall. President Jennifer Morgan stormed into the room, and proceeded to toss the screaming Regents against the walls and ceiling. “Boo!” she barked at the Rubber Man, who promptly passed out, but not before pissing in his rubber suit. 
“My hero,” I cooed. The President ignored me and scanned the Rubber Man's paperwork, and then shook her head in disgust.
“Mongoose! You nearly just sold your soul, kid. Never, ever, sign a contract without reading it first!”
“Thanks, Aunt Jenny! You know, they did teach us in school that we always should sign the bill, so we can then find out what's in it.”
“Stop staring at my chest, kid.”
“I think I need to wake up now.”
“Make sure you take a cold shower when you do.”
“Yes, Auntie President.”
“That's Mister President, and don't you forget it.”

I woke up abruptly in the dim darkness and almost slid right off CC's lazy-boy chair. 'Fiona' was sprawled out on the sofa, and I felt a little stirring, damn my eyes. 
Oh Susan.
'Tina' snored softly on an air mattress over to my right.
Oh Natasha.
I slid back into an uneasy sleep.

Miss Candy Cartier burns the midnight oil as the others sleep, exhausted from their busy day. Behind her locked bedroom door, CC sits cross-legged on her bed with her YakPad open on her lap. Thanks to her Yak-sat-com link to the secure OtherNet, she converses with her good friend and colleague Marsha Portrero. CC speaks barely above a whisper into her earpiece microphone.
CC: Thanks for taking the time to check into this, Marsha. I know that you have a lot on your plate, over there in Latvia.
MP: No problem, although you will have to fill me in on the specific details of this caper, once I return to the States. I will now connect you to Radcliffe, standing by in New York. Good luck, CC! Here's Ricco.
Ricardo Radcliffe: How's the beach, CC?
CC: Still wavin', Ricco. I appreciate your help, and on such short notice. This is really important, and Marsha assures me that if anybody can crack this nut, then you are the man!
RR: I'll see what I can do. I do know this Flinth character quite well, and I'm certain that I can, ahem, persuade him to cooperate. Marsha and I were his babysitters when he was on the run from the Blue Meanies, you might recall. Good times! If our man Flinth knows anything, I'll pass it along. I'm flying out tonight on British Airways, and I'll meet with Flinth and a few associates of mine in London, sometime tomorrow.
CC: Thanks again for everything, Ricco.
RR: Ciao.

CC and I sat in a little greenhouse out behind the bungalow, as the summer fog billowed in from the tidepools. CC's YakPad was open on her lap.
“I first want to let you know that I sincerely hope and pray that your wife Jade is released unharmed and returned promptly to you and her loved ones.”
“Thanks for that, CC. Actually, Jade and I are divorced now, but I do appreciate your kind thoughts and words.”
“Steve Shank is a brilliant man. I chatted with him at the Syznic Memorial.”
“A great guy,” I said woodenly. Steve and I had not spoken to each other since the porn movie, but CC didn't need to know that.
“OK, let's review a few things, Phineas. First and foremost, the Order of the Grasshopper is not an organized group, but more akin to a line of communications among individuals who share a common viewpoint, mutual concerns, and interests. For instance, Mr. Patmos' main concern is the danger of the growing Mongoose Cult. Professor Mantis is the leading expert on geopolitics, Russia in particular. Marsha Portrero's expertise is the Baldenbird scene and their connections with DeathCo and the EU banks.”
“What about you, CC?”
“Well, somebody has to answer the phones and make the coffee!”
I suddenly remembered that CC's middle name was Beedle, according to the list of names on the flashdrive given to me by Professor Mantis.
“CC, are you in any way related to the late Sir Malachi Beedle, the guy that supposedly whacked the notorious Danko Brothers, back in England? Beedle is such an uncommon name—”
“Oh blast—Fiona didn't spill the beans on me, did she?”
“No, it just dawned on me, with Sir Beedle's name in the news.”
CC smiled sadly. “Yes, the late Malachi Beedle was my first husband. He wasn't yet a SIR at the time, of course… all of that came later. Look, I was young once too, you know! Malachi and I were married by a Druid priest in a field of mud at the Bath Festival, hmm, back in 1970… I guess you just had to be there… that was then; this is now… and I grieve his passing but life goes on, and the enemy is in motion… we must remain focused.” 
CC fell silent for a moment, and fiddled around on her YakPad. 
“I am the Order's attorney, conduit, coordinator, blogger, and worker bee. I have always stayed in touch with my friends and contacts back in London, including poor old Malachi. I was shocked as everybody else when he was recently implicated in the Danko affair. I don't fully believe that story, because… something strange is going on here.”
“CC, why would Sir Beedle even allow William Gallows the Elder to falsely take the credit for eliminating the Danko Brothers?” 
“Indeed… I for one, don't believe anything the Media spits out, including the so-called 'official' story regarding Malachi's suicide.”
“Sue—damn it, I mean Fiona worked for the man.” 
“Correct, our girl of many handles is—or was—Malachi's chief undercover operative… I guess you can call her a private detective… we have corresponded a few times over the last year or so, usually about routine stuff… anyway, the day after Malachi's death, I received an encrypted voice-mail from Fiona, out of the blue… she said that she needed to talk to me in person, and that she would be flying out to California as just as soon as she could arrange it. She sounded a little spooked, and said that she needed to deliver a belated but urgent message from Malachi, concerning you and matters concerning the Table Foundation.”
“About certain items that I have in my possession.”  
CC then moved a little closer to me on the bench, and lowered her voice.
“Things are at play here, very strange things, and I need to get to the bottom of all of this. I know who Tina Delacroix is, and I know why Fiona brought her here—I think! Unfortunately, Malachi isn't around anymore to fill us in on the bigger picture. The poor old sod was juggling all sorts of bullshit like the Prince of Wales and the antics of his bloody sons and all of that nonsense. Fiona says that Malachi had way too much on his plate, and was very close to having a nervous breakdown.” 
CC paused to hold herself together. “Sorry, Phineas… OK, here's the dope, according to Fiona: Malachi recently received information that YOU had become a person of interest to the Ascended Master of Lucifer, Benjamin Grimm Wilde, the Godfather of the UK Underworld. Something to do with Boffin Syznic's so-called 'lost patch-apps' and a breakthrough in sustainable energy. Malachi dispatched Fiona out to California, only minutes before he was PUSHED from the roof of the Gallows Tower—” 
CC paused again to wipe a stray tear from her eye. “Later that night, Benjamin Grimm and his whole inner circle were blown to bits. The word was out! All of this went down during this crazy Jade Shank business and Vladimir Ptard's visit to London. Total confusion! Please forgive us for leaving you hanging, but we were completely in the dark until Fiona finally established contact with me yesterday. So here we are. Now this Tina character disturbs me. You do know that she is a killer, don't you?”
“She freely admits that she was originally sent out here to kidnap me, but she now swears that she has been born again, and only wants to help me. Fiona believes her, CC.”
“Well, you have been warned… what do you think we should we do with her?”
“Have you heard from Yogi Patmos yet?”
CC hesitated for a moment. “Mr. Patmos is on a secret mission, somewhere in Asia. We have lost contact with him, and I'm beginning to get a little concerned. Too many things are happening all at once. The Professor is also indisposed at the moment.”
I visibly shivered, because that spooky dream about Professor Mantis and 'Tina Delacroix was still fresh in my head. CC shut the YakPad, and came to a decision.
“I'm sending you and these two English chicks of yours, on to Bonnie Dune's commune up in Stoney Canyon. Ask for Acorn Smith. She's an old friend of Professor Mantis, and she also used to clerk for me part-time. You are to lay low, work on these contraptions in secret, and enjoy the good life. You will be contacted by someone, maybe me, somewhere down the line. In the meantime, I am going to try and track down the person who sent you that package. I've hired on Marsha Portrero's better half, one Ricco Radcliffe.”
“We've met. Cool dude.” 
“Indeed. Let's see if he can get to the bottom of this funny business. It is essential that we find out WHO shipped those gadgets, because none of my friends from the Table know anything about these particular… applications. All of this business started over there in England, so we need to find the connection, back at the source: England…” 
CC lowered her voice again. “Let's keep the subject of Ricco's mission just between you and me for the time being, OK?”
“Gotcha.” 
CC smiled and rose to her feet. “Let's see what those two ladybirds of yours would like for supper.” 

24: Frog and Acorn

CC Cartier bid us farewell at an old No Tell Motel on the Coast Highway, right outside of Moss Beach.
“Please, please, be cool with the money,” said CC, as she sorted various denominations of cash on the motel bedspread. “It doesn't grow on trees, you know.”
“Tell me about it,” said Fiona. 
Fiona and CC both agreed that I could not risk leaving any money or e-trails from here on out. Fiona managed to scare up fifteen thousand dollars, and CC got her hands on another ten. 'Petra Romain' had a modest nest egg back in the UK, but 'Tina' dared not to touch it, not until she was sure of Petra's status. 
“The late Natty Danko has an encrypted anon account in the Caymans,” said Tina with a sigh. “$300,000 US, plus some gold certificates.”
“Leave it be, for the time being,” said Fiona.
Tina did have a few thousand dollars in cash and travelers checks in her purse. I felt pretty bad, considering I had maybe 5.5 million in the bank, but I couldn't touch it. I had left the bathhouse with only $60 in cash and loose change in my jeans.
“Don't worry about it!” said CC. “Fiona is right. You can reimburse us later. OK, listen up, everybody! From here on out, all of you are forbidden to use your electronics! No exceptions! You must surrender all of your phones and gadgets to me, until further notice. Although they cannot listen in on your encrypted communications, they still have the capability to track your location and log WHO you are calling. In an extreme emergency, you can use CheapFones, and you all know the drill: You can only make that one call, make it short, and then you have to melt it! You can also communicate by handwritten notes, but don't leave a careless paper trail! DO NOT use the US Mails! By the way, Fiona and Tina lost their lives in a tragic mountain climbing accident on their honeymoon, but I understand that you have taken care of all of that, girls?”
Fiona took a bow. “Brenda Nottingham, at your service.”
Tina glanced at 'Brenda', and nodded. “My name is Iris Sitman.”
I bowed for the girls. “My name is Inigo Montoya.”
Iris and Brenda gave each other a 'wot the fock?' look.
“Never mind, you don't want to know…”
“Amen,” said Miss Candy.

 We took the bus up to Daly City, and rode BART all the way out to Concord, where we got a good deal on a Tiko 4x4 hatchback, at a seedy used car lot. Cash!
Brenda drove, natch. Iris was pretty grumpy by the time we crossed into the endless bleak landscape of the Sacramento Valley. The sun was hazy and red, due to smoke from a forest fire yonder in the Sierra foothills, north of Nevada City. 'Iris' sniffed the smoky air, rather snobbishly. 
“Where the bloody hell are we, Brenda? Hades?”
“No, that's down near Bakersfield.”
“We are coming up on beautiful downtown Helm's Crossing,” I chuckled, looking up from my journal. (The very same one that I am writing in now) “There is some nice scenery west of here.”
“All of us should have our friggin' heads examined!” 
“Are you homesick for Merry Old England yet, Miss Iris?”
“Ahem! I do fancy San Francisco. I met a boy there, a wonderful, sensitive boy…”
“Must have been gay, for sure!”
Iris gave me a raspberry, as Brenda hooked a left onto the old Helm's Highway, and deadheaded west with the setting sun in our eyes. Next stop: Manuelville.

Manuelville, 10 miles west of Helm's Crossing, Ishi County, N. California
Acorn Smith, Mayor
Population: 259 (2000 census) 175 (2010 census)
Estimated current population: ?
Public Safety: Last medical doctor retired in 2013; Town Constable eliminated in 2014 because of bankruptcy and budget cut-backs; Ishi County Sheriff and CHP patrols drastically reduced, also because of budget cut-backs
Employment: No reliable figures; last sizable employer, Kroeber Cannery, shut its doors in 2008
Schools: Manuelville Primary Public School, 55 students; Manuelville High School closed in 2012, drop-out rate: 57%

Acorn Smith greeted us out in the parking lot of U Bag It, the all night market on Main Street, where she worked swing shift. The whole downtown resembled a ghost town. U Bag It looked like the only viable business on the block.
“So sorry I kept you waiting, but I had to work late, situation normal.”
Acorn was a chunky gal who looked a little like Rosanne Barr. She wore her Third Eye Patch (of course) and peered up at me with a knowing eye. 
“Glad to meet you, Sir Tadpole! Bone Man has nothing but good things to say about you.”
“You know the Bone Man?”
“Ha! I OWN the Bone Man, sweetheart! I guess you can call me his manager and mind-guard.”
“I understand that you are the Mayor of this here burg.”
Acorn smiled sadly. “More like the presiding undertaker. It's so sad… this used to be a pretty good old town.” 
Acorn studied Iris first, and then Brenda. “Which one of you beauties is Brenda?”
“That's me,” said Brenda.
“I understand that you're the boss of this motley crew.” Acorn tossed Brenda a keyring. “1209 Sycamore. One block down to the right. Take the road all the way down to the end. Vacant warehouse, clean, with a bathroom and a living area. Loft. Why don't you gals head on over there and get yourselves set up, and I'll return your tadpole safe and sound, tomorrow morning.”
Brenda hesitated for a moment. “OK Acorn, first thing in the morning. I can use a drink and a shower, right about now. We'll touch bases tomorrow.”

Acorn's 1976 Volkswagen Bug needed a push start, and since Acorn was the hardier of the two of us, she pushed as I worked the ignition and the pop-clutch. It took us three attempts. “Second GEAR, Frog Man! POP that clutch, it ain't a BABY!” 
The engine roared to life, and Acorn slid into the driver's seat as I scooted over.
“Damn this pesky car!”
“Let's check out some used cars tomorrow, Acorn.”
“No way, thank you very much. Sometimes it actually starts right up! I do need a new alternator and a complete re-wiring.”
“We'll see to it, OK? Just where are we going on this fine, smoky evening?”
“Bone Man's Shrine, up in the hills above Bonny Dune's commune. We'll be taking the fire road; it's been widened recently.”
“In the dark?”
“Moon's coming up, Frog Man.”
“What about the Forest Service? Or the Sheriff?”
“What Sheriff? Ishi County only has four active deputies on patrol, and these days they usually hang out over on the east side of Helm's Crossing. We are on our own out here, kid. And the Forest Service dudes are all over at Placerville, fighting that forest fire.”
“Gotcha. So you say the Bone Man has some sort of shrine, or something?”
Acorn hung a left onto the old highway. “Really juvenile, but I tolerate it. After all, he did put a lot of work into it, I do admit. Some of the kids at the commune gave him a hand. I bowed out because I'm the only one around here that actually has a real job.”
“You live at the commune?”
“I'm a weekend hippie. I have a little house in town but I also keep a pup-tent in Bonnie's meadow.”
My heart skipped a beat at the mention of Bonnie's name, having had a hardcore crush on her for the last year. Bonnie Dune is a dedicated nudist, and she kindly sent me a tasty photo for my desktop. (Susan and Natty got wind of the photo when I foolishly left my YakPad unattended on CC's kitchen table. The girls squealed and teased me to tears! I can be a real idiot at times.)
Ten or so miles up the highway, Acorn flicked off her headlights as she hung a right onto Fire Road 11, and as she had predicted, the road was well illuminated in the full moonlight. The dirt road was smoother than I expected.
“Manzanita Camp coming up, Frog Man.”
A few minutes later Acorn pulled up to a stop. “See that trail? Take it nice and easy, and you'll be OK. Boney's camp is maybe a quarter mile. Look for the twin boulders.”
“Aren't you coming?”
“I'm giving Bone Man a little, er, space at the moment. He had, er, an accident, and his leg is in a cast. Some of the kids from the commune are keeping an eye on him. Anyway, he got wind of your visit somehow, and he really wants to see you. I'm going to deadhead back around to the commune. I'll pick you up tomorrow, OK?”

Bone Man's cave was sheltered by an overhanging manzanita that grew miraculously out of a crevice between two monolithic boulders, high above Stoney Creek Canyon. The Medicine Man himself sat propped up in a lawn chair under the nearly full moon, drinking from a quart bottle of beer. His leg was in a cast, just as Acorn said. I hailed him before I stepped up to his shelter.
“Long time no see, Mr. Bone.”
“Welcome, Frog Man. Do you have a lighter?”
“I think so.” I took off my pack and sat down beside him on a convenient rock.
“Here you go,” I said, and handed him my lighter. 
“Acorn drove you up here?”
“Yep. She split for the commune. What happened to your leg?”
Bone Man lit his pipe and took a good long hit, before passing it over to me. I took a tiny puff, just to be polite. I never smoke the stuff, because it always makes me paranoid. Reading my mind, Bone Man grinned. His perfect white teeth gleamed in the moonlight.
“This isn't your everyday shit-weed, boy. I don't care for the cannabis myself, except for medicinal purposes.”
I sputtered out smoke. “What the hell is this shit?”
“Just some gentle, common herbs. Take just one more little one. And as for my leg, I took a fall over yonder on the rocks, after Acorn shot me in the back with an arrow. She claims it was an accident, but I don't know what to believe these days, having more important things on my mind. Acorn can be quite violent at times, but she provides me with satisfying sex, which is the most important thing. —Just one more hit now, you will not come to any harm.”
I said what the hell, and took another drag, which tasted both sweet and foul. My head didn't explode or melt down or feel that weird at all.
“One more teeny one, that's the way.”
I took the tiniest of puffs, and handed him back the pipe.
“See, that wasn't so bad! Relax for a moment and listen to the frogs down by the creek. Your little brothers and sisters. —Hey, paleface, I've got more beer. Or would you like one of Acorn's diet sodas?”
“Anything that's wet, Injun. Where's this shrine I keep hearing about?”
“Follow me.” Bone rose rather awkwardly, with the aid of a crutch. I followed him as he limped into his cave. 
“Jumping Judas,” I muttered. Suspended from the roof of the rather spacious cave was a battered Dragonfly Drone, missing one wing. The thing was scorched and beat up pretty good. I guessed that the original wingspan had been six feet across.
“Horrorshow,” I whooped, “Bob and Loretta's spy plane!”
(Meaning Bob and Loretta Knobbler, the evil CEOs of the MacroEye Corporation, who along with the Government and other entities, pursued fugitive Third Eye Patch co-founder Mike Chen and his bodyguard BJ Jamison, to Bone Man's canyon, in order to 'acquire' certain technical secrets that Chen was carrying.)
Underneath the dragonfly stood four full-sized human figures with their hands raised up in the universal gesture of Peace. “Oh my Bleeding Bog,” I whispered. “Plaster of Paris?”
“Laminated with liquid acrylic. Bob and Claire Harrison, blessed be their memory,” chanted Bone Man. “Michael Grasshopper Chen, and the brave and noble warrior woman BJ Jamison, may she be praised for evermore.”
(You can read more about Bone Man, Mike Chen and BJ's adventures in Chen's fine book 'Flight of the Grasshopper')*
“So what's happening, Bone Man? Acorn said that you were anxious to speak to me about something really important.”
It's hard to describe what happened next because it happened so fast. A buzzing mosquito flew right past Bone Man's head and he snatched it right out of the air into his hand. Suddenly his eyes rolled back into his head, and I nearly jumped out of my skin! The holy man began to moan and chant, completely oblivious to my gaping presence.
“The Grasshopper's Nous… has summoned you on a quest… You are beset from all sides by deadly foes… foot soldiers of the Ouroboros and that rabid Mongoose… The pregnant woman that travels with you… carries the answer of what you are seeking… Someone close to you… is not being completely truthful to you… and your comrades in the Order… Enemies and traitors surround you… me… us.” 
Bone Man then released the mosquito and it buzzed away. I peered into Bone Man's eyes and saw that he had snapped out of his trance.
“My mouth is getting dry. Would you be so kind to fetch me another beer from yonder stream?”
“No sweat, Boney.”
I soon returned to the cave with a semi-cold quart of beer for the medicine man, who took a good long chug on the bottle and then belched with satisfaction.
“Go now, and follow the trail down through the boulders until you reach Bonnie Dune's pool. Immerse yourself in the waters, listen to the frogs, and wait for further instructions.”
“Listen to the frogs?”
“Your life depends on it. Although the pool has been cleansed of the e-coli cow sickness, you must not drink from the pool itself, but only from where the stream flows from the rocks above it. The frogs will tell you what to do next. If you run into difficulties, call me for aid. Unfortunately, as you can see, I am unable to traverse down the trail very effectively, thanks to that witch! Acorn or Bonnie will meet you in the morning. Go now, Frog, and may the spirits grant you a favorable vision.” 

(* Published as Third Eye Patch Part 2: Flight of the Grasshopper, available at Smashwords.com)

25: Brenda and Iris Have A Visitor

Acorn's hideout was located at the dead-end of Sycamore Road, surrounded by fields of waist-high weeds and patches of blackberry. The two-story barn-like structure was shielded from the road by a line of cottonwoods. The nearest neighbor was an abandoned farmhouse one quarter mile or so away.
The barn had a hayloft and an old grain-loading platform on the second floor. The interior was nice and cozy and much cleaner than Brenda expected, after her first impression of the place from the outside. A back door led out to a small backyard, an abandoned chicken house, and a cyclone fence. Beyond the fence were more straw-flax fields and the old Helm's Crossing Highway in the distance. The place was isolated, and in Brenda's eyes, perfect.
“I guess you and me will bunk downstairs,” said Brenda, as they sipped diet sodas, liberated from the well-stocked refrigerator. “Froggy can have the loft.”
“All by his lonesome? Hey, it's alright, I know what you two have been up to, you know.”
“Well, excuse me, Miss Iris! Look, Bervirt is nice kid, and that's what the bloody condoms are for, you know.”
“Condoms…” Iris frowned and studied her soda can. “Real bloody reliable, right! No more beer or caffeine for me, damn the luck.”
“Cheer up, there's always pickles and ice cream! So you are going to stick it out.”
“Oh, Natty Danko would get an abortion without a second thought. But nasty Natasha drowned off the coast of Cornwall. However, Petra Romain made a vow back at Devonside Cove… a vow for life. Not only to save Phrogg Bervirt's life, but her own life as well. Willy's, too. Whether me and Willy ever get back together again… or not. Whatever happens, I'm going to keep this baby, so help me God.”
Clank.
Brenda suddenly stiffened. “Did you hear that?” she hissed.
“Hear what?”
“Shush!” 
Clank-clink-clunk. This time Iris heard it also, faint, but clear. It sounded like a bicycle chain switching gears. “Wot the bloody hell?”
Brenda's Remington automatic appeared in her hand like magic. 
“I think somebody's up on the roof—just be cool and real quiet, like.”
Brenda scrambled up the ladder to the loft, and carefully opened the grain door a crack. “Oh shit, Iris—brace yourself, now. Go on out the front door, and take a look—do watch where you step—oh what a bloody mess…”
Iris unlocked the front door and cautiously stepped outside into the moonlight. Crickets chirped in the fields across the road. Looking up at the hayloft landing, Iris gasped loudly. Right below Brenda and the loading door, a dark-clad figure bobbed and dangled from a cable. Urine and feces dripped from his pant legs and running shoes.
“This fellow is DOA, Iris! Stand clear, I'm cutting him loose!”
Brenda released the tension from the come-along cable and the dead man fell to the ground with a sickly thud. Brenda came around through the barn and stood over the corpse that lay at her feet in a puddle of piss and excrement. 
“Give me a hand, love, there's a good girl.”
They dragged him by his arms around to the back patio and checked him over.
“Looks like the poor bugger got snagged in his bloody cable… he must have lost his grip and panicked… bloody fool slipped and hung himself.”
“Which means he was here solo, with no partner to cover his ass.”
“I hope you are right, Iris. Let's take a look at our burglar.”
Iris removed the assassin's ski mask. “Anglo male, maybe thirty? —Wait, oh shyte, what is this?”
The Mongoose tattoo was barely visible in the hollow right below the man's Adam’s apple. The snarling rodent flickered faintly like a gif image.
“Holographic implant tattoo…” muttered Brenda. “The plot thickens! This fine fellow is a high-level Mongoose operative. We need to get moving—the bloody enemy is already here. We need to get over to that canyon.”
“And we can't take our car.”
“Alas! I wonder where this bloke parked his vehicle… no matter, we will have to hoof it across the fields. Let's check our packs, and carry as much water as we can. Take his pistol, love.”
Iris expertly checked the pistol's clip and chamber. “Fully loaded.”
Brenda removed a sleek RedFone, and a small pair of bolt-cutters from the assassin's tool belt. 
“Go fill up a shopping bag with some drinks and snacks, while I get to work on that fence.” Brenda pointed over at the moonlit fields. “We'll plant him over yonder.”

One hour later, Iris and Brenda trudged up to a gas station along the highway, where they purchased a CheapFone from the cashier. Once back outside and out of view from the cashier's window, Brenda pulled the assassin's RedFone out of her shoulder bag.
“This little trick will only work with a CheapFone… read to me the CheapFone's number, it's imprinted on the back.”
Brenda then punched out the CheapFone's number on the RedFone.
“Answer it, but don't say anything. Deposit it oh-so gently in that trash can over there.”
Iris did so, as Brenda slid the RedFone into a rain gutter behind a dumpster marked RECYCLE! 
“Anybody calling the RedFone will only get a busy signal until the battery runs down.”
“Wow, Brenda, I am impressed!” 
“You should be, little sister. —Hey, we better keep moving.”
“How many miles to that commune, darling?”
“Five or six, love.”
“Uh-oh, heads up!”
Several choppers pulled up into the gas station. Sporting headscarves under tiny plastic Nazi helmets, the iron riders revved their choppers with approval as they checked out Iris and Brenda. “Nooky alert!” one of them bellowed, “Hey, do your mamas know where you are tonight?” 
Brenda smirked and whispered to Iris, “Piece of cake, Iris. Maybe we can make good use of them. Let me do the talking.”
Brenda approached the leering bikers without fear, and waved a wad of hundred dollar bills in their faces. 
“Beautiful evening boys, just awesome hogs! How about giving me and my girlfriend a lift down the road? In exchange, well, I'll let you know when we get there.”
The bikers consulted for a moment. 
“You got it, mama,” said their spokesman, who wore a necklace which displayed a crucifix with a naked bleeding female Jesus. “We gotta gas up, and grab some brews.”
Fifteen minutes later, the merry band pulled up into a turnout near a wooden bridge that crossed a creek overgrown with blackberry patches. The gnarly but polite outlaws actually helped Iris off the chopper, because she was starting to feel a bit woozy. Brenda hopped to the ground, and slapped both of her butt cheeks to the bikers' delight. 
“Mercy, mama!” 
Brenda winked, although Iris looked a little pale. “I'll be only a moment, Iris.”
Brenda took the biker with the necklace aside and they held a whispered conversation for a few minutes. Muted conga drums could be heard in the distance. Brenda and the biker shook hands, and walked back over Iris and the others.
Brenda was in a sunny mood. “What's with all that drumming back there?”
Ajax, the lead biker with the necklace, explained that the hippies were probably dancing to the Moon Goddess.
“I tried it once but it's totally softcore, you know? Bonnie's grown a big head these days and she don't allow no beer up there in the meadow any more. We're cool with that. Hey, none of us want to get on Acorn's bad side, you know? Now where's this place you're talking about?”
“Sycamore Road,” said Brenda, as she handed the dude one thousand dollars. “There's more where that came from, comprende?”
“You got it, sister.”
“If you see anybody poking around, don't forget, they're packing.”
“Kid's gloves, sister. We'll be nice and neighborly, like.”
Brenda took Iris's arm as the bikers moved out onto the highway. 
“Moon's going down. Let's go check out the hippies, and get you to bed.” 

26: Night of the Frog

The pool glittered silver in the moonlight. The night was pleasantly warm and the water looked inviting, so I stashed my backpack behind some rocks and stripped down to the skin. The din of the frogs, which had been interrupted by my arrival, resumed in the reeds and bullrushes that lined the pond, and along the running creek. I swam around for a while and daydreamed about Susan Fairclo, like vividly. Say no more.
“It's a wonderful world,” I croaked, and the frog symphony responded with a lively “Amen!” But as I floated lazily on my back under the moon, Bone Man's spooky message from the spirit world began to creep back into my thoughts. Especially that cryptic bit about Natasha Danko and what she was carrying. What WAS she carrying?
“What else would a pregnant woman carry?” asked a low sultry voice from the bullrushes. “Sheesh.” 
I immediately lowered myself into the water. “Who's over there? Is that you, Acorn?”
“Skeeters, skeeters,” chirped a funny little voice from the reeds. “Catch us some skeeters!”
Several other odd little voices joined the discussion. “Catch your own, fly-face!” “Hear, hear, don't be rude!” “Shut up, all of you, you're freaking out the hu-man!”
I cursed myself for smoking Bone Man's mixture, even though it had only been a few small hits. Live and learn! I had no choice but to play along and banter with my twisted subconsciousness. What else could it be? It wasn't that I didn't believe in the Nous, but I've never been very imaginative, and I assumed that the 'enhanced' little imp-like voices were only from my very own addled head, thanks to Bone Man's dream dope. I would be proven wrong before the night was out, however.
“Ask me a question, tadpole,” croaked a bullfrog that sounded eerily like Professor Mantis. “Any question.”
I thought about it for a moment. Just what in hell WAS I was doing up there in the hills, out in the middle of nowhere? What WAS the mission that I had been entrusted with?
“OK, Professor, tell me this: How can we unleash unlimited energy from the hydrocarbons all around us, without setting the atmosphere on fire?”
“Well sonny, you might try asking the particles in question NICELY, for a change. Stop FORCING them to do your bidding! Such bullies!”
“Well I AM the Crown of Creation, Mr. Bullfrog, so watch your P's and Q's, if you don't want to end up in a French restaurant!”
“Such tough talk from the so-called top of the food chain! Ha! You are nothing but a silly frightened primate wallowing in your own narcissistic excrement! Pathetic, the whole hu-man tribe, greedily sucking up our precious oxygen!”
“What would you have us do, Professor, commit collective suicide?”
“Aren't you doing that already?”
“Touche, Professor… there's way too many of us, shitting in the mess kit.”
The sultry female voice from the bullrushes spoke again. “Who in Hades told you that one? Aren't you glad to be here?”
“Well, we are running low on resources… the planet can't support us all—” 
I stopped right there, realizing how stupid (and downright fascist) that sounded. 
“Look, of course I'm thankful to be here, but something has to be done, according to the experts.”
The sultry female harrumphed. “Who decides who lives or dies, boy? The experts?”
“Bah, it's way past time the hu-mans had another cleansing war” said the deep-voiced bullfrog. “The boy is right on this one, there are WAY too many of them as it is. Some of them are so full of themselves that they even insist on reciting their crappy poetry in public! —You, hu-man boy-man, belong to the only species in the universe that fashion works of art from their own excrement, and call it um, um, good!”
“Wow, that's really deep, Professor. Let's get back to energy. We need it. Got any?”
“You've got more than you can possibly use already” said the bullfrog. “Burn something. That's the secret to energy. Everything burns, even God.”
“There's no use even talking to you.”
“Hey, you're learning!”
“How long is it to sunrise, my fine squishy friends?”
“What's the hurry? Maybe THAT'S your problem. Always so restless! Can't you just sit still and dig the water for a while? Oo the ripples…”
“You are so right, I really should chill out, time IS.”
“Now that's REALLY deep, boy.”
A night hawk swooped low over my head. “Don't waste your time listening to those nasty gushy frogs!” the hawk squawked. “Although they are quite plentiful around these parts, I don't particularly care for the way they taste.” 
That comment pissed off the frogs, and they responded with catcalls, boos, and obscenities. On the far side of the pond, a skinny little coyote hopped up onto a rock and watched me intently. “Don't mind me, I'm cool! Hey, I caught me a rattlesnake tonight!”
Some of the goofy little voices in the reeds began to taunt and heckle me.
“—Hey, hu-man! What's with that thingy between your appendages?” “Hee-hee-hee! It looks like a deformed little tail!” “Except for when it grows!” “So fat and deliciously pink!” “It DOES appear to have a mind of its own!” “Is that ding-a-ling strictly for keeping your balance?” “Naw, it's some sort of divining rod, hee-hee-hee!” 
I ignored the frogs for a spell and thought about Natasha-Petra-Tina-Iris. How in hell did Bone Man even know about her existence, let alone her pregnancy? There was no way that Miss Candy would have spilled the beans, and Acorn didn't know… or did she? 
Oh Natasha.
Cockney bird, my Natasha. Shorter and rounder than Susan, prettier also. (Sorry, Sue!) Mysterious Eurasian brown eyes and dark medium-cut hair that looked delightful when it was ruffled and windblown. Pale translucent skin, in the first blush of preggers!
What does a pregnant woman carry?
“It doesn't take an Einstein to figure THAT one out,” said the sultry female voice from the bullrushes. “When a new life begins, great energy is unleashed. Every baby is a body blow against the Great Ouroboros!”
“Are you the Nous?”
To my utter astonishment, a glowing woman emerged from the bullrushes. As she moved slowly through the water, the coyote let out a mournful howl, and then fled into the underbrush. The woman of the reeds was gloriously naked and her hair glowed silver-like under the moon. I sat mesmerized as she glided across the pond, and when she sat herself down in the water right in front of me… well, let me tell you that she had my complete and undivided attention! She was neither young nor old, or of any specific racial type. Without ado, her hand seized me where I like to be seized, under the water. I offered her no resistance.
“Your ancestors knew me as The Aether, but you can call me Aea. I have been mistaken for that sacred cow Io, who did NOT comfort poor old Prometheus, who was only trying to provide your poor, huddled, ancestors with cheap, unlimited energy! She wasn't even there! I have also been called Pele, but I am no mere goddess, confined and enshrined in some dusty museum case.” 
“Who are you, Aea?”
“I am the lightning bolt, not the reservoir. I have been known to destroy entire worlds, but unlike the Great Snake, I have absolutely no malice or resentment in me. I am incapable of it…”
“The Aether… I always thought that the lightning was more like a male symbol… Zeus and Thor throwing thunderbolts, you know?”
“Typical! I could incarnate as Thor if I wanted to, but I like being a gal!” 
Aea slid onto my lap as easy as can be, and ran her long fingernails through my hair. “Look, the Grasshopper's Nous is male because that's what he wants him to be. However, your President Morgan's Nous is much more akin to me… she has the fire in her belly. MY fire. How about you? Are you ready to ride the lightning, boy?”
“It is a good day to die,” I muttered. The thin gray line of dawn was approaching on the horizon, and the noisy but tired frogs were finally settling down. 
“Who said anything about dying? —Ooh, you are definitely ready—grab a hold!”
And that is how I became acquainted with Aea.

27: “Everybody's Naked…”

Brenda and Iris crossed the wooden bridge and the dirt parking area where several vehicles were parked, including Acorn's VW Bug. The meadow was directly ahead. The drums grew louder and a few people could be seen dancing about, illuminated by dim lanterns.
“Every-body's-naked…” Iris sang in a la-la-la falsetto.
“Check out the pretty dancing boys, Iris! Like, O-M-G, damn my eyes!”
“Dead Heads…” Iris murmured with amusement.
Brenda pulled a little flashlight out of her shoulder bag, and flicked on the flasher.
“Don't want to spook the gentle hippies… this will catch their attention.”
The drumming stopped abruptly, and two men and one woman broke away from their interrupted revelry, and began to cross the field. The woman slipped a poncho over her statuesque body, as she walked. Brenda knew instinctively that the beautiful young woman with the curly raven hair was surely Phrogg's heartthrob fantasy girl, the notorious Bonnie Dune. The trio cautiously made their way through through the tall grass, and halted in front of Brenda and Iris in the fading moonlight.
“Please excuse us for intruding,” said Brenda. “Acorn Smith is a friend of ours, and we really need to talk to her.” 
“My name is Bonnie Dune. You must be Brenda and Iris! Come on in, Acorn is around here somewhere.”
“Thank you, Bonnie. Um, do you have a place where Iris can lay down for a spell? She really needs to get off her feet.”
Iris yawned in spite of herself. “I'm alright, really.”
Bonnie took Iris by the arm. “My teepee is over yonder. Would you two like something to eat?”
Brenda looked at her wristwatch. 4:30 AM. “Maybe later. I need to talk to Acorn. You too, Bonnie. Phineas the Frog is in great danger.”
“See here,” said Bonnie, “If you want to talk to me, you've got to talk to all of us. That's the way it is around here.”
The two naked guys murmured in agreement. Brenda nodded, and made her decision. Time was of the essence, and only an hour or so until dawn.
“So be it. Gather everybody around, just as soon as we get Iris to bed.”

“There's only twelve of us here at Stony Creek this year,” explained Bonnie, after putting Iris to bed in the teepee. “Last year we had more than forty, a lot of them freeloaders and runaways. We just couldn't sustain ourselves, and something had to give—and it did, of course. Baccus never had the heart to turn anyone away… too many partyers! When the Pendejos took over the hills with their damned pot plantation, well that was the final straw that broke the camel's back—and then the dam completely burst.”
“The Night of the Grasshopper,” said Brenda.
“What a night—actually two nights, to be exact. I still pray for poor old Bob Harrison.”
Brenda knew the lore. “Murdered by hit-men from the MacroEye Corporation, for sheltering Michael Chen.”
Bonnie choked back a sob, and nodded. “After the shootings and the DEA raid, the commune split apart… some of the kids moved on to the Sunrise Commune, up near Mt. Shasta… after the flood.”
 Bonnie's teepee now sat on raised wooden platform three feet above the ground, because the meadow was prone to floods, like the big one on that memorable night when Mike Chen and the Bone Man rode out the thunderstorm up on Devil's Rump. The resulting floodwaters rushed down the canyon and carried all their teepees away.
“We had just been released by the police, when the lightning storm hit. The creek had already begun to rise, and we were all caught by surprise. We tried to save as much as we could, but when the pond overflowed we had to flee the meadow. Everybody survived the flood itself, but unfortunately Baccus caught a chill…” Bonnie wiped away a stray tear. “He came down with pneumonia and passed away in the hospital…”
“I'm so sorry for your loss, and may he rest in peace.”
“Thanks, Brenda. Here comes Acorn.”
Acorn strode up to Brenda, stark naked, and clearly pissed off.
“What are you doing here, Brenda? Didn't I tell you that I would return your Frog first thing in the morning? What's the big idea?”
“The enemy is HERE, Acorn. There is a mole in our midst, a leak, and we need to plug it. Iris and I only escaped by the skin of our teeth. These people want Phrogg dead or alive, do you understand? Where is our boy wizard?”
Acorn was clearly shaken. “I left him up at Boney's Manzanita camp. I was planning to pick him up at sunrise.”
“No one's going anywhere, Acorn. Let's gather everybody around, and I'll brief you all on what's happening.”

Brenda paced about nervously as she addressed the gathered members of the commune, who sat cross-legged in a circle in the weeds at her feet. Some of the hippies were wrapped in blankets or shawls, but everyone was naked, and Brenda felt a bit awkward indeed. The line of dawn was approaching in the east.
“My name is Brenda Nottingham, and my friend's name is Iris Sitman. Along with Phineas Phrogg Bervirt, we are friends of Acorn Smith, and I understand that Phineas is a friend of Bonnie's as well. Let me just cut to the chase: Phinny is on the run from a very powerful and evil corporation that I will not name. Agents from this corporation are trying to kidnap him, and we desperately need your help. I can't tell you any more than that for the moment. Please help us.”
Bonnie sat like a queen surrounded by her courtiers and ladies in waiting. A naked queen, at that! Acorn sat at her right hand.
“I, for one, welcome you and Iris, Brenda. What do you say, gang?”
Acorn and a number of the others nodded their heads, and murmured, “Hear, hear!”
Bonnie studied the faces around her. “If there are no objections, I say we welcome Brenda and Iris to our community, and offer them any aid that we can provide. Are we all together, everybody?”
There were no objections.
“Thank you,” said Brenda. “As soon as it is light, can someone escort me up to this Bone Man's camp?”

 28: Shootout At The Pond

Aea and I floated on our backs as the moon set behind the hills.
“Bone Man and others like him walk in both worlds, while most of you only visit, usually when you are sleeping.”
“Like I am right now,” I whispered, “but I will wake up in the morning.”
“You don't have to, you know. You can walk in both worlds and stay with me.”
“Do I have a choice?”
“Of course you have a choice,” she replied with a hint of annoyance. “Choice is what sets you human beings apart from every other creature in all of material creation.”
“You aren't real.”
“Says who?” Aea slapped me where I don't like to be slapped, and it hurt! 
“How's THAT for REAL? Ye gods, do you really only see me as just an enhanced masturbatory fantasy? Is that all I mean to you, after every thing we did last night?”
Oops, never insult a goddess!
“Um, no, and please forgive me, but this is all so new to me… everything has been such a rush these last few days… Who are you really, Aea?”
“I told you that I am the intermediary of the Aether, the strings of plasma, the very glue that keeps this galaxy from dissolving into chaos, the Void, you know. The Nous and I were assigned to this planet by the Great Ojo and the Council of Ur, before the Council was corrupted by the Ouroboros. The Covenant still stands, but it is ever under siege and assault… from the outside. Once in while, maybe every eon or so, I am summoned by the Eye to help hold back the onslaught of the great black hole Ouroboros, that is ever encroaching. I have been granted special dispensation… to choose you to be my consort. Do not be surprised or alarmed if I pop up during moments of stress or extreme danger.”
“Why me, Aea?”
“Why anybody? I have chosen YOU. Don't even ask me why, because I don't really know myself. You might try asking the Nous.”
(Even now, as I sit in Bonnie's teepee, writing in this journal, I can't express myself via the written word any better than that.) 
Aea faded away at sunrise. Most of the frogs had gone to sleep, although a few bluejays were now making quite a racket in the trees that lined the creek. Morning in the canyon. As I waded toward the shore to retrieve my clothes, I suddenly felt a creeping wrongness envelop me in an instant. Here again, I cannot describe this phenomenon with mere words on this pad of paper. Time slowed down and idled into perpetual slow motion. Sensing a malevolent human presence, I realized that I was not alone. 
A man stood before me on the shore. A ninja man. He held a pistol in his hand, and my backpack lay at his feet.  
“Honor is due, Mr. Bervirt!” The ninja man's Russian accent was slightly muffled by his ski mask. “You've led me on a merry chase—although you and your so-called bodyguards have been very careless, very sloppy, indeed. Have you banged the little brunette yet?”
I said nothing to that. The ninja man chuckled, before continuing.
“I got the jump on your drunken Indian, but not to worry, he'll be just fine once he wakes up. I prefer not to kill indiscriminately, you know. Live and let live, that's my motto. I took the opportunity to toss your clothes over yonder, so you won't need them. I myself absolutely love the nudist scene. We do have many quality naturalist colonies back in the old country, although I was raised by timid and anal apparatchiks who were ashamed of their bodies! Come, we must make haste, and if you behave, I will provide you with a bathrobe and slippers.”
“I'll pass, if you don't mind,” I croaked, in order to buy time. My mouth was pretty dry, and I needed a drink of clear, running water. The ninja cocked his pistol loudly.
“No pass, Mr. Frog Bervirt. You have exactly ten seconds to make up your mind, because although you might be useful for our purposes, you are NOT essential. These applications will suffice, and we will unlock their secrets—with you or without you. Here I go. Ten. Nine. Eight—”
In that instant, many things happened all at once, and I will attempt to describe to you what happened as best as I can. Bone Man approached the assassin from behind. He had somehow made it down the trail in his cast. As the ninja turned around in slow motion, I saw movement out of the corner of my eye. Aea (!) pressed her body against my back, and guided my right arm directly at the ninja, who was in the process of raising his pistol at Bone Man. “Focus!” The ninja man suddenly lurched violently and lost his footing as his shot went wild, missing the Bone Man, who slid onto his butt HARD as his crutch bounced away into the boulders. Bone Man bellowed in pain as the ninja recovered his balance, whirled around, and fired off three wild shots in my direction. A whizzing arrow sailed over my left shoulder and struck the ninja man right below his throat as he squeezed off one last shot. Someone screamed behind me and I whirled around just in time to see a naked woman, bow and arrow in her hands, slide down off the coyote's rock and tumble headlong into the reedy water with a splash. Suddenly Brenda appeared on the rock, pistol in both of her hands. “Get down, Phinny!” Brenda didn't wait for me to lower myself into the water, and she fired off four or five shots in rapid succession. The ninja man spun around, grabbed the backpack, and leaped over Bone Man's body. All of Brenda's shots missed, and the ninja man sprinted up the trail and out of sight.
“Damn!” yelled Brenda, as several naked men and women jumped directly into the pond and swam right over to me. One of them was Bonnie Dune.
“Long time no see, Bonnie.”
“Are you alright, Phrogg?”
I nodded, just as Iris, gun in hand, dashed into the clearing from the path that led up from the canyon. Brenda herself hustled her way around the perimeter of the pond, as a few of the hippies fished Acorn (the naked archer) out of the bullrushes. Bonnie scrambled out of the water in front of me and dashed over to check on the Bone Man. I crouched there stupidly in the water, and my only coherent thought was that Bonnie had the most perfect ass that I had ever seen in my entire life. Suddenly Aea rose up from the water again and hissed into my ear: “You had better lower that drawbridge of yours, or some of these folks around here might get the wrong idea!”
“Sorry! You and Bonnie over there aren't making things any easier for me! Man, I'm still a little stoned… can the others even see you, Aea?”
“I haven't a clue. Probably not. Bye, bye, Frog Boy. I'll be staying in touch.” Aea lowered herself back into the water, leaving nothing but a wisp of steam. Nobody reacted to that in the slightest, so I had my answer. Bonnie returned to the pond. “Damn it, Bone Man's alive, but he broke his leg—again! His cast is busted up in several places—we need to make a travois.”
I stepped out onto the shore in a daze, and tried not to stare too long at Bonnie. 
“I need my pants and shoes, among other things… I think they're somewhere behind those boulders.”
Bonnie shouted over to the hippies attending Acorn. “Is she alright?”
“I'll live, goddammit,” Acorn growled. “Mother-puker winged me in the shoulder.”
“Thank Bog,” I murmured, almost like a prayer. A woman from the commune climbed down bare-assed among the rocks that perched perilously close to a steep crevice, and heroically located my shoes and pants. 
“Bless you!” I croaked. 
Brenda stepped to me and swatted me playfully on the butt. “So sorry I'm late, Phinny. Quite a night!”
“Su—um, I mean Brenda, he's got my backpack!”
“Not to worry. I've got to talk to Bonnie for a moment.”
Iris giggled as I awkwardly put on my pants. Brenda and Bonnie walked away together and held an animated discussion out of earshot. A few of the others joined the discussion. Some of the gentle hippies began to shout and curse, as 'Brenda' shrugged in resignation.
“You watch your mouth, Julian!” said Bonnie, “Everybody needs to settle down!”
“We didn't sign up for this shit, Bonnie,” said one of the pissed-off hippies.
“Oh really?”
“Uh-oh,” whispered Iris in my ear, “This doesn't look so good…”
“Trouble in Paradise,” I replied.

The ninja man wasn't doing so well by the time he reached the fire road. Although the bleeding had stopped, he knew that he had lost too much blood. Clutching the backpack to his chest, he stumbled up to his Range Rover and idly wondered if he could even make it to the highway, let alone a hospital.
“Did you lose your gun?” 
Ninja whirled around dizzily. “Chto za chert?” 
 The oriental woman wore the uniform of the US Forest Service, and held out a small shiny machete for his inspection. 
“Your life for my crop.” 
She then slashed him right across the sternum. Ninja Man sat down hard on his ass as she hooked the backpack with the bloody machete and yanked it out of his hands.
“Did you really think that you could pull a fast one on the Goose?”
The woman tossed the machete aside and drew a standard-issue .9 millimeter from her Forest Service holster. Ninja Man lay down onto his back and shielded his eyes against the rising sun.
“Mocha v glazakh mangusta v!” (I piss in the Mongoose's eyes!)
The woman rolled him over with her foot, and screwed a silencer onto the barrel the pistol. Ninja began to cry as the woman's shadow moved across the ground and blotted out the sun. 
“Pozhaluysta, ne serdis' na menya, mama!” 
(Please don't be cross with me, Mother!)
The shadow engulfed him and covered him over.

Bonnie and the hippies constructed a travois for the Bone Man. Acorn insisted on walking herself, as the naked crew carried a heavily sedated Bone Man down the trail to the meadow. 
“It's a long way to Tipperary,” observed Iris, wistfully.
“We are stardust…” Brenda replied absently, as she inserted a fresh clip into her automatic. “OK, Phinny, let's go check out the trail.”
“What's the point? That dude is gone.”
“We shall see…”
The three of us made our way up the trail to Bone Man's camp, where Brenda found the discarded arrow, broken at the tip. Iris suddenly decided to vomit in some tall grass, so Brenda and I searched around the area for any other clues.
“Oh ho,” said Brenda, as she squatted in the dirt. “Lots of blood, leading up that way. Are you OK over there, Iris?”
“Never better.”
The ninja man's body was sprawled out next to the fire road. My backpack was nowhere to be seen. I looked down at his twisted body in sadness and fought off a wave of nausea. Brenda hunkered down next to the corpse, and rolled him over.
“Did you wing him, or was it the arrow, Brenda?” asked Iris.
“No, although I do tip my hat to Acorn's archery skills… but this poor chap was shot execution-style,” said Brenda. “Someone also cut him up pretty good… damn…”
“Fresh tire tracks,” said Iris, “heading down that way.”
“The highway to Hell,” said Brenda, rising to her feet. “Or more likely Mongoose!”
“What about my backpack? The apps…” I muttered, “They've got the patch-apps!”
“No they don't,” said Brenda. “The gadgets are all safe and sound, stashed away in my pack.” 
“The devil you say! Just what the devil IS in my pack, pray tell?”
Brenda giggled to diffuse the tension. “Dummies, Phinny. Ringers. Just some junk I wired together.”
“How, and when did you manage to switch—”
“Back when we stopped to use the bathrooms at the rest area.”
I was speechless. What was Brenda up to? Despite my annoyance, I had to admit that Brenda had indeed, saved the operation. 
“So what do we do now, my wise and devious manipulator?”
“Iris and I met some really nice fellows last night. Solid citizens. I hired them on to be our eyes and ears, and to spy out the lay of the land. We need to get back down to the meadow and see if any of them have checked in with any news. Then we will decide where we can find a secure place so you can get to work on those bloody gadgets in peace!”
“We still need to find the mole,” said Iris. “I'm beginning to wonder about Acorn, to tell you the truth.”
“I don't think it's Acorn,” I said, remembering Bone Man's spooky trance. “At least I hope not. It could be any one of us in this so-called Order of the Grasshopper… who knows?”
Iris gasped and clutched my arm. “Oh no, you don't think it could be Miss Candy, do you?”
“Maybe not directly,” said Brenda thoughtfully, as she removed the dead man's phone, keys, and a few odds and ends from his pockets. Suddenly she felt something poking up from underneath his shirt, wedged in his waistband. “Oh ho, look at this!”
Brenda held up my notebook, and I took it from her.
“Thank Bog.”
Brenda looked down at the dead man, and sighed sadly. “No Mongoose tattoo…”
“He sounded like he was Russian or maybe Polish, from his accent.”
“Aw snap, let's plant this poor bugger, and then we must hustle back down to the meadow, where the Court of Fools is waiting to convene and lay judgment on us.” 

Vibes were pretty intense by the time we trudged into the commune. More than a few of the hippies gave me and the girls sour and hostile looks, as we all sat ourselves down in a circle, right outside Bonnie's teepee.
Bonnie was fully dressed (at least for her) in a green (but snug) tank-top shirt, shorts, and an Aussie hat on top of her curls. Acorn sat beside her, shoulder in a bandage, grumpy and pretty doped-up to boot. Bone Man, broken leg already reset, was laid out in one of the teepees, in a codeine-induced slumber, thanks to the commune's 'pharmacy', buried under Bonnie's teepee. 
Bonnie cleared her throat. “Against my wishes, and my pleas to discuss this matter in further detail, the members of the Stoney Creek Commune, in their infinite wisdom, have rather hastily decided by a 7 to 5 vote, to expel Acorn Smith, Brenda Nottingham, Iris Sitman, and Phineas Bervirt from our community. I thought that we were better than that, but so be it. Does anybody present want one last chance to change their vote? No? OK. As head trustee and holder of the deed to this property, I hereby exercise MY right as owner and legal custodian, to expel all of YOU who voted to expel Acorn and her friends. This decision is final, and there will be no further discussion on this matter. I am heartbroken that it has come to this. You have one week to gather your belongings and vacate the premises. I repeat, this ruling is final. Goodbye, and I truly wish you all the best.” 
With that, Bonnie rose from the startled and silent circle, some of them old friends. Bonnie didn't look anybody in the eye as she retired to her teepee, tears in her own eyes.

The sound of revving motorcycles drew us down to the highway. Sure enough, maybe a dozen iron riders were waiting for us down in the parking area.
Brenda slapped five with the dude named Ajax, the gnarliest biker in the bunch. 
“I see you rounded up some of your friends! Whatcha got for me, Ajax?”
“Well you was right, Sunshine. We caught a little punk in a ski mask fishing around in the barn, and well, let's just say that he's a little indisposed at the moment.”
“You didn't… did you?”
“Hell no, although he was begging for me to blow his brains out, before we was done with him.” Ajax tossed over a drawstring bag to Brenda. “Interesting stuff in there. Passports and shit. We did what you asked, and burned his clothes and melted his phone and shit, and yeah, he's got one of those Mongoose tattoos on his gullet. At the moment, he's kind of relaxing nice and cozy-like, naked as a jaybird and him not minding a bit.”
“OK Ajax, here you go.” Brenda tossed over a billfold containing five thousand dollars. “I've got another couple of jobs for you, if you're not too busy.”
“Hit me, baby.”
“I need for you guys to guard the commune for a week or so. Take shifts, and do sentry patrol. The hippies are getting a little spooked. Are you game?”
“No problem.”
“OK. Hang loose for a moment.”
Brenda turned to me and Iris. “I need to go and have a chat with our mongoose. Can you two hold down the fort, and maybe see if you can get Bonnie to change her mind regarding the dissenters among the ranks? I don't blame them for their vote, not at all. I feel pretty bad about everything.”
“I'll talk to her, Brenda. Then I want to flop, like hardcore.”
“Thanks, Phinny.” Brenda hopped on the back of Ajax's Harley. “Keep an eye on my pack, Iris. I'll be back before sundown.”
Ajax revved his hog. “Let's ride, Mama!”

Iris sipped on a semi-cold can of ice tea, as Bonnie and I slurped some instant coffee, liberated from Brenda's backpack. 
“What's this?” I muttered, when I discovered a small flask of brandy. “Oh boy—”
“I'll take a drollup of that,” said Bonnie.
“Don't mind me,” said Iris, “I can't, er, partake. Ditto for the caffeine, although I am absolutely creaming for a bloody cigarette…”
Bonnie nodded at Iris with understanding. “Don't you dare! How far along are you, honey?”
“I'm not really sure yet… maybe two weeks now.”
I was pretty tired, and the brandy was helping me along. “Bonnie, I'm so sorry that we crashed in on you with all of this bullshit. We just had a talk with, um, Brenda, and we want you to reconsider your decision about booting your friends from the commune. They have every reason to be scared, and we understand. As soon as the coast is clear, we'll be out of your hair.”
“Let me think about it, Phrogg. I was hoping that we would all rally together as a family… welcoming the fugitive, and all of that rot… in the tradition of Hippie Bob Harrison, you know? Pretty naive of me, I guess. —I see you've met my cousin Ajax.”
“Cousin? Horrorshow, Bonnie!”
“We both grew up here in Helm's Crossing. Baccus was our English teacher back at Helms High, and when he was fired because of little old me—oh, nothing was ever proven, mind you—well anyway, he purchased the meadow. I moved in with him on my eighteenth birthday, and as for Ajax… he joined the Marines to get out of this town, but when he came back from Afghanistan, he decided that there was no place like home… well, you've met him now.”
“Right. Brenda trusts him, so she hired his gang to guard the commune. Please go easy on your friends, and give them all another chance.”
“I will, but only if you fill me in on everything, Phrogg. After all, you and me are fellow associates of the Table. You can start by telling me who Brenda really is, and your real mission. I know damn well that she wasn't being completely honest with us last night.”
Iris sighed. “You must understand that it was only for your own protection. As for me, bloody hell, my real name is—or WAS—Natasha Danko, and I have just placed my life in your hands, Bonnie. Two lives now.”
Bonnie smiled sadly. “Thank you, Natasha—oops, I mean Iris! I swear that I will never tell a soul.” Bonnie turned to me. “My gentle but fair-weather friends can stay. I know that you are exhausted, Phrogg, so I'll talk to you later. You can go bunk with Bone Man, who will be out of it for hours.”

29: Interrogation

Brenda and Ajax stationed two sentries down by the highway, two more up at the fire road, and four more to patrol the highway itself, between Helm's Crossing, 10 miles to the east, and the tiny hamlet of Garth, a rundown ghost town three miles past the fire road. Garth was just a wide spot in the road, with the exception of a shabby roadhouse that catered exclusively to the biker crowd. The rest of the 'town' was a few boarded up and burnt-out ruins. 
Ajax pulled up in front of roadhouse, and kicked his hog up onto its stand. Brenda handed Ajax her helmet, nodded, and made her way around to the back of the place, where she crossed a field of dandelions and blackberry patches down towards a cottage, shielded from the roadhouse and the highway by a grove of oaks and cottonwoods. Meanwhile, Ajax stomped into the roadhouse for a beer.
Brenda paused before the cottage door and checked her Remington .32 automatic and her tiny Monkberry that she had kept secret all this time from Phrogg, Miss Candy, and even Iris. Satisfied, she took a deep breath and rapped once, paused, rapped twice, and then entered the cottage. The front room was a disaster area, full of broken furniture, and a 300 pound slab of beer muscle who identified himself as 'Tivo'.
“You Brenda? Hey, sorry about the mess, but I'm not very good around furniture. Even when I was a kid, you know?”
“It's cool,” laughed Brenda. “Is he in the bedroom?”
“Yeah. Hey, tell him that I'm like really sorry about the bed. Like I told you—”
“Right, you're not very good around furniture! Will do, Tivo. Why don't you go have a beer with Ajax, OK? I'll be fine. You go run along, and tell Ajax that I'll be ready to roll in about an hour.”
The bedroom was dim, and soft country-rock played from a boombox on a dresser. Brenda ignored the naked man on the bed, and changed the channel on the radio until she found a heavy metal station, which she turned up to the max. Then she turned and took a good look at her prisoner.
“Hardcore,” she muttered. Indeed, the bed was collapsed on three sides. One of the naked man's wrists was shackled to a bedpost, but because of the condition of the bed, his butt and legs rested on the dirty floor. The man was gagged with duct tape and a pair of professional shooting range ear protectors covered his ears. Brenda didn't waste any time, and yanked the earmuffs from the trembling man's head, and pulled a taser out of her handbag. Without pausing, she placed it against his right little toe, and pulled the trigger. Brenda then left the room and made her way to the kitchen, where she found a soda in the fridge. Ten minutes later, she returned to the bedroom, turned down the stereo, and sat herself down in front of the bed. 
“Are you OK? 22 caliber cattle-prod taser, the latest technology! I just love your tattoo, like really awesome. Listen, I am going to remove your gag, OK?” Brenda ripped the tape away from the spook's face. “Talk to me.” 
“Kill… me.”
“Oh blast, don't be a hero now, let alone a chump! I can provide you with adequate funds, maybe a safe house, airline ticket, whatever. Where is your base of operations? I need to speak with the third member of your unit.” 
Brenda tapped the taser's business end lightly on the tip of the man's penis. 
“There IS another member of your unit somewhere around here, on the loose, and a little bloodthirsty… maybe your supervisor, hmm?”
The Mongoose spook hissed and spit out his words.
“You really are an amateur bitch, Fairclo. Yes, I know who you are and where you have been—Danko too. Beedle and Grimm's equal opportunity whore enforcers! We already knew that Danko was a real headcase, but you were supposed to be the one with the smarts, the mojo. I guess the pro-filers can get it wrong sometimes. You really don't know anything about the Goose—” 
The spook abruptly began to gag and choke, and his Mongoose tattoo began to glow and flicker, to Brenda's alarm. “Wait!” she cried. The man actually grinned, despite his agony. Not knowing what else to do, Brenda grabbed a half-full bottle of water, and splashed it onto his face and neck. The tattoo did fade a bit, and a wisp of steam arose: a sickly steam of death.
“You… can't help me… Fairclo… my training… my… indoctrination…”
The tattoo began to flicker again, and with a will. Brenda dashed out of the room and down to the kitchen where she grabbed a package of frozen vegetables from the freezer. When she got back to the bedroom, the spook was thrashing wildly about like somebody being electrocuted. Suddenly the last surviving leg of the bed collapsed, and the bedpost snapped. The handcuff came loose and flew back through the air and struck Brenda right on the top of her head—hard. Stunned, Brenda ignored the blood that ran down into her eyes and jammed the frozen veggies into the thrashing man's neck. There was an immediate hissing of scalding steam and the man let out a bloodcurdling shriek.
“Wait!” Brenda shrieked in return, “Wait, you bloody son of a bitch!”
“Amateur,” the sizzling wraith hissed with his last dying breath, and then Brenda mindlessly crawled over into the corner, closed her eyes, and passed out.

There wasn't even much of a fire. The mattress was blackened and singed, but most of the damage in the room was from the smoke. Only a smoldering, grinning skeleton and a pile of ashes remained of the Mongoose man.
Tivo's old lady Charlene applied first aid to Brenda's head and then drove her back to the commune in her own car, leaving the cleanup for Tivo and Ajax.
Brenda didn't say a word to anyone as she trudged her way through the meadow, until she found Iris and Bonnie sitting by a fire pit, preparing vegetables and shishkebobs for supper. 
“I am totally unable to talk right now, so I'll brief you later. Where's Phrogg?”
Bonnie pointed over to Bone Man's teepee. 
“Both of them are still out for the count, Brenda.” 
“That suits me just fine. Ciao.”
Brenda tiptoed into the dark teepee and smiled at the sight of poor old Bone Man, still deep in his dope-induced slumber. She slipped out of her jeans and slid herself down next to Phrogg, who opened his eyes and grinned lazily. Brenda pulled a bedspread over the both of them and fumbled with a condom, as she whispered into his ear, “Do me, Phineas, do me slow, nice and easy…”
Bone Man slept through it all, except for one brief moment when he opened his eyes momentarily, blinked, and then went right back to sleep, certain that it only was a dream. He was right, of course.



8) The Heart of Mongoose

NCC NewsWire: MONGOOSE CORP ANNOUNCES 'AMBITIOUS' PLAN FOR SANTA MONICA HOMELESS CENTER AND MEDICAL CLINIC, SCHOLARSHIPS, COMBINATION VOCATIONAL TRAINING / DAYCARE CENTERS

30: Krill and Fang

Pendragon Krill was the third son of the Duke of Blatherskite, and therefore useless and only in the way. This was unfortunate because he was much more capable than his older brothers, but fratricide was out of style these days. (Prince Edward, take note!) Krill had to look elsewhere to make his mark, and ahem, his bones. The bloody UK Satanic gang wars provided him with an outlet to hone his skills, not to mention an opportunity to shine, and he served with distinction on the side of the victorious Luciferians.
Ascended Master Benjamin Grimm took notice of Krill's particular skills, and called up his very good friend the Archbishop of Canterbury, and gave young Krill a plug. During his time of employment at Canterbury, Krill became acquainted with the Archbishop's black sheep son, Aliester DeLane. After Aliester firebombed his Daddy's private chapel and was sent into exile, Krill, after careful reflection and deduction, weighed his options and prospects, and decided that Aliester was the future, so he respectively terminated his contract with the Archbishop. After hooking up with Aliester in Dakar, they ran guns and dope on the Timbuktu beat, until they parted on amicable terms. Krill then moved on to the lucrative ivory and rhino horn aphrodisiac trade out of Mombasa. He also smuggled diamonds on the side, and kept a penthouse in Hong Kong. That's where he came to the attention of a certain 'Mr. Lee'. Lee saw potential in Krill, and took him under his wing and tutelage.
“I am setting up an operation that will be so vast, so encompassing, that it will dwarf everything that has come before it. Your old partner Aliester DeLane will run the show. Would you like to get in on the ground floor? I need a good man to represent my interests in San Francisco.”
“I would be honored, Mr. Lee.”
“Splendid!” And with that, Krill was initiated into the Order of Mongoose and received his holographic tattoo. Mr. Lee then sent him onward to a secret base in Tibet for further training by the former Aliester DeLane, who by now had changed his name to Avataro Adam Kane, the Maitreya, Lord of Light, and the 'Coming World Teacher'.

Archdeacon Pendragon Krill sits naked on a rubber mat spread across the floor of his loft and patiently mixes his herbs in a glass bowl, as his manservant Baronia hovers nearby with a kettle of steaming water. Baronia is also naked, and still a little bit sore and bowlegged from his last session with the Archdeacon. Baronia hopes that maybe the Boss will choose one of the girls later in the evening. All they ever do is sit around on their fat asses downstairs, play cards and watch soaps on television. Krill keeps the silly sluts on hand, but rarely calls on them, Baronia silently laments. The stupid bimbos are primarily Mongoose fuck bunnies kept on call for visiting VIPs from the Order, but every once in a while even Krill fancies a round with a real female snatch. Maybe even tonight, knock on wood.
“Easy now, Barry,” says Krill, “Last time you poured the water too damn fast.”
“And I sure paid for it, didn't I, Master?”
“Oh, the memories! You may remain with me tonight.” 
Oh wonderful.
“Pour the water now, please?”
“Yes, Master.”
The pungent steamy fumes rise, and Krill takes a deep hit, and then another.
“Kala-ma-zoo, Capi-tola, Ketchi-can-can-can… I can see for m-miles… miles… catch me if you ca-ca-caaaaaan…”
The Archdeacon always tends to stut-stut-stutter when he too-too-toots the Mixture.
Krill is Mr. Lee's eyes, ears, and chief enforcer for the Western United States and Northern Mexico. Although he keeps an obligatory mansion (and trophy wife) in Pacific Heights, he spends most of his time up here in the loft above his warehouse located near the Bay Bridge. Once occupied by FW Piltdown of NASTY (National Agency of Science and Technology), the property was recently acquired by the Mongoose Corporation on the cheap, and is the perfect base for operations. The windows in Krill's loft face the bay, while the street side storefront is occupied by a Mongoose dummy company, which usually displays a CLOSED sign in the window. 
“A little m-more water, Cha-cha-Charlotte!”
“Yes, Master,” replies Baronia, this time with an audible sigh.
“We're off to-to see the hip-pees!” Krill chirps like a cartoon character, “Da-da-damn! M-Mary, oh Mary, oh where art thou-thou?”
The Chinese woman in the Forest Ranger uniform dutifully appears in his mind. 
“Yes, Archdeacon Krill.”
“You D-DO have goo-good news, you do-do do you not?” 
“Yes, Sire. The Russian interloper is dead, and the toys in Bevirt's backpack are being analyzed and reassembled at the Kreober Cannery facility. Security parameters are now in place.”
“And your two-two operay-tives?”
“Dead.”
“D-d-did they die-die like va-valiantly and with honor and d-d-distinction?”
“Yes they did, sir.”
“Jolly goo-good. Have your volly-olly-unnteeersss ass-sss-sembled?”
“Yes, Archdeacon. I am reviewing the schematics with my technicians, and we should be able to commence testing in the next 24 hours. I have established an open line of communication with Master Kane.”
“Well d-done, M-Mary, well done! Carry on!”
The woman fades away, but Krill is fully in the zone now, so he decides to check out the hippies, just for the hell of it. 
“Oh, how d-delicious! The hipp-ees are ha-ha-having an orgy-worgy!”
Bonnie Dune ruts in the moonlight with a long-haired blue-eyed Jesus who has a skull and roses tattoo above his butt. Acorn Smith lies beside her, content to couple with one of the bikers. Jungle music pulses from a boombox, as hippies and bikers alike dance in the moonlight. Bonnie has relented and has given the bikers permission to bring in a few kegs of beer. This is a night dedicated to Dionysus.
“But where is F-F-Fairclo and the f-f-frog boy?”
Bervirt, Fairclo, Danko, and that big heap medicine man are absent from the bacchanal.
“P-Party poo-oopers! —Baronia, b-be a love-love and ap-apply some luby-lubricant, would you, won't you, would you?”
“Yes, Sire.”
It will be a long time before Krill comes down.

The abandoned Kroeber Cannery sits six miles south of Manuelville, surrounded by a cyclone fence and fields overgrown with weeds and thickets. The nearest neighbor is an abandoned boarded-up truck-stop diner and gas station, more than a mile away. The surrounding fields are dead and unattended. A busted-up railway track, long stripped of rails and spikes, leads from nowhere to nowhere. Kroeber Cannery is indeed the end of the line, and just perfect for Mary Fang's test run.
Several large trucks and a bus are parked out front, and armed rolling security droids patrol the parking lot. An observation balloon carrying a 360 degree surveillance camera, looms overhead. A large sign hangs from the padlocked front gate, facing the service road:
KEEP OUT! TOXIC CHEMICAL CLEANUP IN PROGRESS
On the wide empty production floor deep inside the derelict facility, a Mongoose party is underway. Mary Fang sits naked on a rubber mat, facing a semi-circle of  25 other naked people, Mongoose 'operatives' all. Bowls of crushed herbs sit in all of their laps, and improvised Third Eye Patches ride on all of their foreheads. Mary's Patch has been modified to transmit by wireless to large array of computers. Mary's 'volunteers' are all connected to the setup by long USB patch-cords. Several large diesel generators provide the alternating current for the makeshift 'reactor' that consists of twin electromagnetic dynamos and a large transformer with two copper-iron contact points three feet apart. 
The whole setup has a real Rube Goldberg look to it. Slave droids roll about the floor, at the ready with steaming kettles of hot water. 
Mary reviews Bervirt's childlike blueprints for the umpteenth time. One of them is a hastily drawn sketch of a little blue sun connected to a Third Eye Patch, and it fascinates her to no end. 
Why is the little sun blue?
Mary still can't make heads or tails of any of this, but she has placed her undivided faith and trust in the Master's expertise and wisdom. Long live the Mongoose.
“I think we are now ready to begin, Master,” she says dreamily to the shadowy figure in her Visi-Goggles®. Mary can see both the specter of the Master and the room around her, thanks to her enhanced sense of awareness and these incredible goggles, originally developed by the late Peter Derringer for drone aircraft navigation.
“Proceed,” replies the tinny voice in her earplug. Mary clears her throat, and shrieks like like a drill sergeant direct from Hell: “Re shui caoben wan, baituole!” 
(Hot water in herb bowls, please!)
The droids quickly pour the water, and a pungent steam rises about the chilly room.
“Shen shen de xi qì han keshìhua de lan se taiyang!” 
(Inhale deeply and visualize the blue sun!) 
Mary then inhales the steaming vapors that rise from her bowl for thirty seconds or so, before she lays the bowl down beside her.
A faint humming can be felt, more than heard, everywhere and nowhere. Every hair on Mary's body rises like blades of grass that greet the rising sun. A baby blue sun. The very air crackles with electricity. Mary gasps at the blinding balls of fire that run up and down the dynamos. A blinding arc of lightning crackles between the contact points, and a little ball of electric blue fire materializes before her eyes. The baby sun is about the size of a ping-pong ball.
“Renwei huo, ruguo ni zhenxi ni canle pi, yong e!” 
(Hold that fire if you value your miserable skins, by the Goose!)
“Incredible!” chirps the metallic voice of the Master, from inside Mary's ear. “Crack the whip, Fang, and give us a little more juice!”
“Yes, Master. —Chengzhang baobao shai taiyang, gei ta, ziyang ta, ba ta de shengmìng, yong yìzhì!” 
(Grow the baby sun, feed it, nourish it, bring it to life, with a will!) 
The blazing ball of blue begins to expand and retract as the gathered Patchlings begin to hyperventilate, Mary included. The star expands to the size of a beach ball, and Mary instinctively tosses her Patch aside. This is it, and Mary wants to live and fight another day.
“Zhaohuan ju Long, he nimen bian ru shen! Lightbringers! Ni shì huo!”
(Summon the Dragon, and you shall be as gods! Lightbringers! You are the fire!)
The naked men and women begin to moan, howl, and wail. Some of them tear the Patches away from their foreheads, as puffs of wispy smoke billow from their eyes, ears, and mouths, but it is too late for all of them, including Mary, who collapses before she can reach the exit.  “Dakai men xuexing!”
(Open the bloody doors!)
The blue sun goes nova.

“So the g-gadgets are boo-boo-booby traps?”
“Not necessarily… maybe we were a little hasty… maybe we should have proceeded a little more cautiously, with a more qualified expert. Mary Fang proved to be unworthy… or maybe just unlucky!” 
“Adam-dam-dam is running out of t-timey-time-time.” 
“Duh! Kreober Cannery was a mistake… in hindsight, we should have forwarded everything directly to our Tibet facility.”
“Where B-Barney Brane and a fresh group of volly-unteeeeers wait p-p-patiently.”
“Not to mention our good friend Yogi Patmos.”
“Long live the G-G-Goose.”

31: K is for Karmageddon

To fully understand Mongoose, you must go back to My Next Life. Both games appeared on the Net about the same time, and ironically, both games represented two distinct philosophies. MNL made you, the player, work for your redemption, and begged the question: “What can I do for the world?” 
Mongoose, however posed the opposite: “What can the world do for ME?” Needless to say, Mongoose overtook MNL in popularity, and took on cult-like proportions in viral time. Many copycat games followed, but soon were absorbed by Mongoose. One exception, however, thrived and stood its ground against the Goose: Karmageddon, the most hardcore and thought-provoking game in the genre.
—Wiki-Game-Zine

Karmageddon® (Ka) is a multilevel interactive game developed by Yogi Patmos, creator of BeastWatch and My Next Life. By far the most expensive video game in history, Patmos sunk almost 100 million into the enterprise, mostly on special effects and an interactive 'database' to rival NASTY, or GIGGLE. Viewing Ka is free, although a prescription 'fee' is required to participate in the interactive workings of the game. Introductory rates start at $10 an hour, $100 for 24 hours, $1,000 per month, or $6,000 per year. Premium (lifetime) rates begin at $25,000. (Easy payment plans are available at varying rates.) Over 180 million people worldwide have subscribed to Ka (at least once) including over 50 million Premium members. It is estimated that over one billion people have viewed Ka for free, at least once.
How does Karmageddon actually work?
Yogi Patmos: “My Next Life® was an earnest attempt for individuals to improve their own lives, and make ready for the 'next one', or at least bask in the satisfaction that their good deeds and works made a difference in 'this one' and helped make the world a better place. MNL worked on a personal, individual, level. Ka, however, is something else altogether.”
How so, Mr. Patmos?
“Ka allows you to network with others to design and share your very own customized Last Judgment for selected (and worthy) individuals that you feel deserve Karmic 'Justice'. Living individuals do have a legal (and constitutional) right to block these judgments, if the judge's motivations are proven to be libelous or unwarranted. In addition to the prescription fee, the user/designer/judge must actively network and data-share exclusively with Karmageddon Corporation, in exchange for Judgment privileges and perks. The more you network/share, the more your input privileges increase. $50,000 subscribers have an unlimited pallet of people, places, special effects, and more, to work with. The best and most creative 'judgments' are posted daily, and are free for anyone to view (although Premium Members have access to better HD quality, and accessories.”

Aug 8 Select Feature Judgment, submitted by Simon R, Carson City, NV. 
Vetted and approved by 'Gabriel A.' Executive Judgment/Punishment Overseer, Sector USA West.

A vast, endless, alkali plain. The earth is ash gray, and the sky is dull white. The multitudes, the billions, are sorted and arranged by category and the severity of their sins. Demons and angels alike work together in the sorting, as Betelgeuse sits on a boulder and plays some blues on his flugelhorn. There is no great rush, because Time (as we know it) has been suspended, here in the Void of Eternity. 
A sizable group of naked wailing souls are led up to the front for Betelgeuse's inspection. Maybe twenty thousand in this bunch. All of them are wailing in hardcore fear and loathing. Betelgeuse sticks his horn into his robe, stands upright on the rock, and places his hands on his hips. 
“Well, well, well,” he murmurs with amusement. “Alright! First of all, let's all give it up for Simon R, of Carson City, everybody!”
Angel and demon goons prod the condemned with pitchforks, spears, and electric cattle prods, and the naked trembling souls cheer half-heartedly.
“OK, listen up, people! I, Betelgeuse, graduate of Ur University, with a PhD in Shock and Awe, have been duly appointed to lay judgment on you sinners, because the Boss doesn't even want to LOOK at you, let alone JUDGE y'all—and I don't blame him!” Betelgeuse pauses to recheck his scroll. “All of you so-called vigilantes gathered here, actually posed for photographs with your victims, most of them innocent of the so-called crimes that they were accused of. Oh, how you grinned and goofed and mugged for the cameras, while God's very own creatures, created in his very own image, dangled grotesquely from your hangman's nooses. Shame on each and every one of you! To call y'all sewer scum would be grossly unfair to the real scum in the sewers, who can't help their predicament, you know? Well, it's time to pay the piper, so get ready, suck in your guts and look your best, because I am going to take a few pictures of y'all, myself. Now hang loose, while we set up this fangled contraption…”
A few demons carry over an old-style daguerreotype camera on a tripod and place it in front of Betelgeuse, who sticks his head under the canvas covering. A bored-looking demon holds out the flash attachment. “Hold still, everybody!”
The wailing grows louder, as Betelgeuse hunches under the cover and curses as he fiddles around with the lens. “OK, here we go, say—CHEESE!”
Flash bomb and sulfur! 
The wailing sinners' naked eyeballs all immediately catch fire! Twenty thousand shrieks are stifled as nooses tighten around the necks of the condemned wretches, who rise slowly into the air and hang suspended a few feet above the plain. Legs kick frantically as sphincters burst and urine and feces fly like streamers! Twenty thousand vigilante lynching sinners dangle, writhe, and dance like marionettes in hardcore agony.
“This is forever, gang! It gives me no joy, but what you did was cruel and inexcusable, so Ka's eternal judgment has been laid upon y'all.”
Betelgeuse pauses to squint at a cue card held up by a demon.
“Right! Once again, I want to thank Simon R, and all the good folks at Karmageddon®! Now don't forget that discount rates for Premium subscribers are still available, but going fast! Don't delay, y'all! This offer is limited, and subject to change! Alright, that's all from yours truly, Boogie Man Betelgeuse, and everybody here at Karmageddon! Goodnight everybody, and don't forget to DO good and BE good!© Ka!”

A message from Yogi Patmos, Founder and CEO of Karmageddon® Corporation, to all new Premium and Gold Star Members:
Welcome to Ka! In consenting to the conditions in our TERMS OF USE CONTRACT you have agreed not to knowingly libel and slander any individual persons or organizations, living or dead. Meaning that you cannot maliciously submit any judgments on any individuals or organizations that are false or fictitious. You cannot depict or quote individuals doing or saying anything that is not verifiable and on the public record. If you do so, you are subject to legal action by the injured parties and the Karmageddon Corporation. Although satirical freedom of speech is protected under the First Amendment (Hustler Magazine, Inc. v. Falwell, 485 U.S. 46) the Karmageddon Corporation chooses not to participate in topical political and social commentary. Ka is a game, and not a forum. If you want to settle old scores or conduct personal vendettas, please go elsewhere. Under the conditions set forth in our TERMS OF USE CONTRACT, you have consented to adhere by Ka's chosen rules and standards. Does this mean that you are forbidden to submit creative and thought-provoking judgments for consideration as Select Feature Judgments? Not at all! Take for example the following Select Feature Judgment, which was carefully vetted and evaluated by a trained Executive Ka Judgment/Punishment Overseer. All quotes from the selected judgment subject are on the public record. His very own words condemn him.

Aug 9 Select Feature Judgment, submitted by Ernst H, of Buda, Hungary. 
Vetted and approved by 'Raphael X.', Executive Judgment/Punishment Overseer, Sector EU East.

The alkali plain is one of total destruction. The once thriving city lies in ruins. Tens of thousands of blackened smoldering bodies litter the streets and buildings near the heart of the city. Thousands more have been incinerated into ashes. Hundreds, if not thousands at ground zero were evaporated into radioactive vapor. In the suburbs, many more thousands writhe in agony, and will die very soon. Even more will die from radiation sickness, cancer, and leukemia in the coming weeks, months, and years. Countless others are maimed, blinded, and limbless.
Betelgeuse holds his horn in his lap, but he is too depressed to play anything at the moment, even the blues. Maybe later. He unrolls a scroll and studies it in silence, until an assistant demon signals that it is showtime. Betelgeuse rises, and clears his throat.
“Alright everybody, gather 'round, for a special Ka Judgment. This one comes from Premium Member Ernst H, of Buda, Hungary. This here is a special solo judgment, for a very special individual who takes the honor as Ka's Worst Man of the 20th century. Now on the surface, this here fellow was nowhere as bad as Stalin, Mao, or even Adolf, overall, but there is a reason that we at Ka moved him up to the head of the line. To demonstrate why, we will let the man himself plead his case and explain his actions, in his very own words. But first, I want to let three of this man's subordinates read their statements into the record. Listen up, y'all.”

“In 1945 Secretary of War Stimson, visiting my headquarters in Germany, informed me that our government was preparing to drop an atomic bomb on Japan. I was one of those who felt that there were a number of cogent reasons to question the wisdom of such an act. During his recitation of the relevant facts, I had been conscious of a feeling of depression and so I voiced to him my grave misgivings, first on the basis of my belief that Japan was already defeated and that dropping the bomb was completely unnecessary, and secondly because I thought that our country should avoid shocking world opinion by the use of a weapon whose employment was, I thought, no longer mandatory as a measure to save American lives.”
Dwight D. Eisenhower

“The Japanese had, in fact, already sued for peace. The atomic bomb played no decisive part, from a purely military point of view, in the defeat of Japan.” 
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz, Commander in Chief of the U.S. Pacific Fleet.

“If we'd lost the war, we'd all have been prosecuted as war criminals.”
General Curtis LeMay

“Thank y'all for testifying, and all of that rot,” says Betelgeuse. “You may depart.”  
The three shadowy apparitions fade away.
“Bring the condemned up here for his judgment.”
A shackled man is led up to the front by a demon. Betelgeuse frowns down at the man and shakes his head in disgust. The man's eyes are wide and fearful.
“OK, hit me baby. Folks will probably argue about what you did until Hell freezes. I personally think that you are the ultimate evil, because you had the final say in unleashing the greatest fear on the future of the entire world, all on the pretext of a lie, and if it weren't a lie, it was gross incompetence. Either way, it didn't need to be done that way. Two hundred thousand people died for political expediency. What say you?”
The man responds in a whiny Missouri drawl. 
“My object was to save as many American lives as possible but I also had a humane feeling for the women and children in Japan.” 
“Oh really? How is that?”
“For myself, I certainly regret the necessity of wiping out whole populations because of the 'pigheadedness' of the leaders of a nation...” 
“So you fried the people of Hiroshima.”
“The Japanese began the war from the air at Pearl Harbor.”
“You mean those Japanese people living in Hiroshima?” 
“It was to spare the Japanese people from utter destruction that the ultimatum of July 26 was issued at Potsdam. Their leaders promptly rejected that ultimatum.”
“But you didn't drop those frigging bombs on them leader dudes, did you? You dropped it on a bunch of civilians.” 
“I knew what I was doing ... I have no regrets and, under the same circumstances, I would do it again.”
“You mean like dropping more terror bombs on cities full of civilians?”
“When you have to deal with a beast you have to treat him as a beast...”
“So when you dehumanize your enemy as a beast, it makes it that much easier to commit war crimes on a massive scale, eh?”
“I stopped the war...”
“Which they started, for sure. Serves the people of Hiroshima right.”
“They have been repaid many fold.”
“Well, according to your own Joint Chief Admiral William D. Leahy: 
“The use of this barbarous weapon at Hiroshima and Nagasaki was of no material assistance in our war against Japan. The Japanese were already defeated and ready to surrender.”
“Having found the bomb we used it. We used it against those who attacked us without warning at Pearl Harbor, against those who starved and beaten and executed American prisoners of war, and against those who abandoned all pretense of obeying international law of warfare. The world will note that the first atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima, a military base. That was because we wished in this first attack to avoid, insofar as possible, the killing of civilians.”
“What the fuck are you babblin' about, man? Who did you think you was microwaving man? Panda bears or something? Aw nuts, you fucking lied to the American People about that city being a military target. That city wasn't no military base, unless you counted the whole freaking nation of Japan as a military base. YOU make me puke, you lying asshole. Eternal buggery and hemorrhoids would be too good a punishment for you. I'm done listening to your sorry-assed sophistic bullshit. It's time for YOU to do the cha-cha-cha.” 
The condemned man moans mournfully as the dead begin to rise up from the rubble. A chill wind blows through the ashes as the wailing of babies fill the air. 
 “These folks have been waiting for you, motherfucker. The buck DOES stop here, and now it's time to take your medicine. A thousand times a thousandfold be your damnation! For you there will be no redemption. Ka!”
The man from Missouri howls like an animal caught in a trap as the dead ones surround and close in on him. 
“Enjoy Eternity with your victims!”
The man's last shriek is cut short as he is swallowed up.
“Hardcore, baby.” Betelgeuse pulls his horn out from his robe, applies a little spit to the mouthpiece, and blats out a few notes to get in key. A demon wearing shades begins to lay down a groove on a standup bass, as an angel drumming hepcat rolls a rim shot and kicks off a brisk jazz tempo with his brushes, ala 'Take Five'.
“OK, folks, that's it for today's Karmageddon Feature Judgment, thanks to Ernst H, of Buda, Hungary! Speaking of HUNGRY, I am out of here, just as soon as me and my friends lay down a little boogie-woogie for the closing credits! I'll see y'all next time on the Ka Network, and don't forget, special discounts are still available at the Karmageddon® App Store!”
Betelgeuse then begins to blow to do old Miles Davis proud.

32: Call Me Yogi 

My name is Yogi Patmos. You may have heard of me. I'm the guy behind the popular online virtual reality game My Next Life. I later sold the rights to Third Eye Patch founder Boffin Syznic when my competitors ganged up on me—I won't name names, but one of them drowned in the White House, and another was blown up by one of his own toy airplanes—say no more.
I'm 49 years old, but don't hold that against me. I'm happily single, and don't have any kids, as far as I know. The women in my life have always seen things my way and we can leave it at that. I have always been a lone wolf, and have absolutely no regrets.
Once upon a time, I was one of the golden boys of Silicon Valley. I made great fortunes, lost them, laughed it off and reached for the next one down the line. I flourished, floundered, and survived. I've never had to sell my cd's and resort to eating Top Ramen three days before payday. I've never done drugs, but do have a soft spot for fine malt whiskey. I despise politics, dabble in esoteric philosophy, and am a closet primitive Christian agnostic.
I grew up in a dry, dead town on the high plains, and my ticket out was an interest in electronics and Boolean algebra. I skipped college, and made my way straight out to where the action was: HAL Systems, in Mountain View California.
Things didn't work out at HAL. I was laid off with 5,000 others, only six months after I was hired. That turned out to be a good thing, because I was fortunate enough to meet Wookie Arundel of Avocado at a job fair, and he told me to give him a call. Two days later, I survived my first meeting (and evaluation) with Stefan Trabajo. (The life of Stefan Trabajo is very well documented, and I will leave it up to you to judge the man; as for me, I will keep my own opinion to myself in this forum.) The Wookie was (and still is) a good guy, but Stefan (like so many other visionaries) was extremely intense and unstable, and hell, you only live once, and many of us at Avocado could not stand in his heat for very long. I was on the ground floor, and the Wookie taught me a lot, but when he and Stefan split up, things over there quickly soured, and I jumped ship and went over to Bob Knobbler's new start-up, MacroEye. Bob was a brilliant hustler who had feigned friendship with Stefan, and when he struck out on his own, he took a lot more out the door with him, besides Stefan's blessing. Bob introduced his innovative Skylights software, and the rest is history. This was even before Bob met and married that insane cheerleader Loretta Pitts. From then onward, things began to get a little hardcore up there at the Eyelid. Once upon a time, Loretta Pitts had been a beautiful but no-talent scream actress and swimsuit model, but when she got her hooks into Bob Knobbler, well, the rest is legend: Loretta was the impetus that drove Bob (already nasty and insane) completely over the edge and headlong into his dysfunctional desire to own, tame, remake, and depopulate the Earth.
One of the many brilliant people that I met at the Eyelid was Albert Leong, who was only 18 at the time, but had already established himself as a leading researcher in the fields of Robotics and Brainwave Technology. One decade later, as told in Michael Chen's Flight of the Grasshopper, Leong was tragically tortured and murdered by ___ (deleted for legal reasons)
I bolted from MacroEye and along with many others, hooked up with GIGGLE, at Barney Brane's invitation. Barney was another Macro alumni. 
GIGGLE's rise is now history. Barney was the brilliant technical innovator, and Phil Hardrive was the showman and business guru of the operation. Unfortunately, with GIGGLE’S rapid rise to dominance, the power went to Phil’s head, and he began to suffer from the ‘Bob Knobbler Syndrome’. Hardrive was among the first big-shots that began the policy of data-mining and ‘sharing’ his customers private information with marketers for commercial profit, and the evil entities in the US Government took notice. Phil was swallowed up whole, and began to dream of total dominance of ‘The Matrix’. A lot of us got swept up in that mindset, I do admit. 
GIGGLE literally cleaned MacroEye’s clock and wiped the floor with Bob's search engine Conquistador—talk about Karma! Bob and Loretta never forgave Barney Brane, alumni of the Great Eyelid.
Barney became my mentor and inspiration. Another young apprentice on the scene was Ed Smutz, who later founded NoseBook. 
(Both Smutz and Hardrive smoked a little too much dope, in my humble opinion, although I am no Carrie Nation.)
All good things come to an end. After Phil sold his soul to the dark side, Barney was heartbroken and left GIGGLE, his baby, for a paltry 10 billion dollar payout. 
After Barney and Phil Hardrive had their falling out, I found myself out of favor with Phil… he told me that he didn't like my style, although I suspect it was really my attitude that got Phil's hackles up. I quit before he could have the satisfaction of firing me. I decided that it was a good time to go freelance, and before I knew it, everybody was calling ME. I contracted for awhile over at McCool, where I met the famous Guru. Both of us worked on BodyBag, although we both were sickened by Peter Derringer’s whole scene. But a contract is a contract, and ditto the paycheck.
Meanwhile, Barney Brane disappeared from the face of the earth.
Guru went out on his own, and the rest is history: The OtherNet, YakMail, the Third Eye Patch, and How To Be An Oxymoron. As for me, I had enough start-up cash, and My Next Life was the result. I am still proud of that damn game.
(I do not consider Mongoose a 'game'.)
After I sold MNL to Boffin Syznic, I took the money (cash) and created a new website that some of you have surely seen or heard about: BeastWatch. 
Who is the Anti-Christ, and how long do we have before Armageddon? Blah, blah, blah. I don't have to tell you that the BeastWatch venture was an overwhelming success, and I reaped millions. This time around, I invested wisely and acquired a small but lucrative slice of the Third Eye Pie. I also invested in Bender Industries, which now controls GIGGLE, by the way. With a steady advertising revenue stream from BeastWatch, I began to design the most ultimate virtual interactive game in history: Karmageddon.
 (Editor's note: Several pages of confidential material have been deleted for legal reasons.)
I was now able to live on the interests of my investments and a very comfortable trust fund. You would think that I should have been happy and content, at that point in my life, right? But I wasn't.
Why? Because I had reached a crossroads in my life. My original motives had been to make a lot of money, natch, and gain creds in the 'Ziner Zone. Mission accomplished. Now what? Well how about the Third Eye Patch?
(Material deleted for legal reasons.)
After I became a Patchling, I began to question my motivations, faults, and shortcomings. It became clear to me that I had learned nothing from My Next Life, except that there is a deep thirst for spiritual renewal in the world. I selfishly took advantage of this yearning in the human condition, all for material gain. 
I felt that it was now time to give something back, and do something good for the planet. After investigating the Table Foundation, I set up my own non-profit, to get some hands-on experience. I went into the barrios and ghettos. The more that I worked and struggled, the more I realized that the problems of Planet Earth were too gargantuan for mere humans to tackle. How arrogant of us to believe that we (humanity) could fix things, without aid from a higher power.
I began to perceive that there was a great evil, a malicious spirit, in our very atmosphere, dedicated to our destruction, on both the spiritual and material planes. This evil spirit ruled over the cultures and kingdoms of the world. BeastWatch had begun as a joke, a moneymaking scheme, but I began to believe my own bullshit. Isn't that just rich?
I came to believe that the United States of America was indeed the great Beast of the Book of Revelation. Everything became so clear to me: The Eye in the Pyramid, the Masonic symbols and architecture in our nation's capital, and our very imposing and bullying presence among the Nations. (The 'Waters' of Revelation 9:1) Prince Lucifer, by way of his puppet, the Beast, was leading us all headlong into Armageddon. 
I can now admit that I was wrong to use the Bible and other old texts as a pretext to 'predict' current events and fit everything in some sort of convoluted jigsaw puzzle. Thanks to the Third Eye Patch and some very good friends, I have since gained valuable insights in the Armageddon Phenomenon, and Karmageddon is the result. There has always been a deep irrational desire in us all, to see everything break down into chaos, while at the same time demand 'justice' and answers to everything. I finally realized that it was my desire to see 'the evildoers pay' that had driven my prior interest, and not the betterment of my immortal soul. That being said, I decided to move forward with Ka, and promoted the game solely to provide people with an outlet to vent their justifiable frustrations about the real injustices in the world, but in an entertaining and intellectually stimulating forum. 
You see, I wasn't wrong about the real evil in this world, always on the move, in the hearts and souls of men and women… God and Satan may be fictional cartoon characters to some people, but good and evil are real and absolute, just as real as black and white, night and day, hot and cold. Don't be conned by that old lie about everything being 'relative'. Is a stick in your eye 'relative'?
When Mongoose began to rear his ugly head, I founded the Order (later dubbed 'the Order of the Grasshopper') to sound the alarm about the dangerous, freedom-hating, soul-crushing Cult of Mongoose.
(Material deleted for legal reasons.)
To make a long story short, I volunteered to locate Barney Brane, and try to enlist him to join the Order. I'm no technical slouch, mind you, but Barney was (and is) considered to be the most brilliant innovator in the Cyber Matrix since Boffin Syznic introduced the Tigerlily Chip. But where on Earth was the shy, elusive genius? After employing a number of my own detectives (who came up dry) I decided to search myself. Rumors abounded.
(Material deleted for legal reasons.)
After many adventures and a wasted month in the jungles near the Amazon headwaters, I returned to San Francisco, just in time to get served up with a lawsuit by that unlikely obnoxious specimen, Nigel Flinth. What a joke. I did get to meet that kid, Phrogg Bervirt, whose academic paper on the My Next Life phenomenon actually instigated the stupid lawsuit. I found Bervirt's treatise very interesting, although poorly written and not terribly original. He definitely did NOT deserve a failing grade by my brilliant but cankerous old friend, Walpole Mantis, PhD, who nevertheless had already decided to extend an invitation to Bervirt to join the Order. I had no objection. 
I decided to take a much needed break from Barney Brane, Adam Kane, and the Mongoose Cult, so I purchased a copy of Mike Chen's Flight of the Grasshopper. I actually found the book quite readable and finished it in one evening. 
I never took Chen seriously in the old days, and dismissed him as a harmless, charming (but annoying) hustler. He had his fans, but so did Shirley McClain. When Chen popped up again after long obscurity and brought out 'The Fraud', I wasn't interested. Like a lot of other people, I thought that the Third Eye Patch was just a moneymaking gimmick. Later on I did change my mind, of course. By that time Chen was on the run from the Government, who had accused him of setting off two bombs resulting in the deaths of more than 20 people. Right. That's when I knew that our civilization had spiraled completely off its axis.
This edition was the third printing of Chen's bestseller, which included many informative footnotes and updates in the appendix. One of them caught my attention at once: Six months after Chen and musicologist Steve Shank had visited the Kopan Buddhist Monastery in Nepal, Nicky Hartman (world-esteemed drummer for the Alligators) and a mysterious 'Yankee Electronics Billionaire' had spent a few days at Kopan, before moving on. Bingo. I knew in my gut that it had to be Barney! I immediately flew in my private jet to Kathmandu, by way of Seoul.

33: The Search Begins

Immediately upon landing in Kathmandu, I drove directly to the Kopan Monastery, where I found Master Gyatso to be a friendly, talkative fellow, and although he would not divulge the name of the visiting American 'seeker', his description of the Yankee pilgrim fitted Brane's profile, to a T.
“Yes, my good friend Nicky Hartman did visit us for a week before departing for a concert in Thailand. However, Nicky's friend, whose name must remain anonymous, did remain with us for a week or so longer, but he urgently wanted to move on to the Monastery of the Black Master. I tried to talk him out of it, but…”
“Black Master?”
“The monks wear black sarongs, and are proficient with weapons of all kinds… they subscribe to a rather Spartan philosophy…”
“Are you sure? My gentle friend would try to avoid such a hardcore scene.”
“He insisted that he needed to consult with the Black Master on matters of extreme importance.”
After several pleasant days and nights at Kopan, I bade the good monks farewell and made ready to drive back to Kathmandu. Gyatso took me aside and spoke to me in a low voice about the Monastery of the Black Master, where only the most dedicated seekers are admitted, and indeed, make it out alive.
“Take care, Mr. Patmos. Your journey is filled with peril. The easiest access to the Black Mountain is not from Nepal, but from India, so I suggest that you go first to Rishikesh, and outfit yourself for a rigorous climb. I must warn you that not many Westerners ever complete the Black Master's rather harsh probationary regime. Not many of us Easterners can do it either! But never forget that first perceptions can be deceiving. All is not as it appears to be, up there on that mountain.”
I gave Gyatso $15,000 for his hospitality, and departed for no man's land.

After recharging my batteries in Rishikesh, I chartered a helicopter to Munsayri. The Indian Army was conducting maneuvers along the border, and I had to spread more than a little money around. There was a sense of tension and uneasiness in the region. Over drinks in a little dive in Munsayri, a friendly army colonel named Rashneesh assured me that the region of Uttarakhand was fairly quiet, thanks to the formidable wall of the Himalayas and frequent army patrols. Smugglers were known to operate in the area, but they usually laid low when the army periodically patrolled the region.
“Drugs?”
“As always! Cocaine and illegal aphrodisiacs are smuggled into China, in exchange for weapons and black market pharmaceuticals.”
“How about the Third Eye Patch?”
“Brutally suppressed by the PRC, although they fetch a premium price on both sides of the border. However, something new HAS been added to mix, Mr. Patmos!” 
Colonel Rashneesh pulled a few familiar looking cellophane-wrapped packages from his pocket, and pushed them across the table. They resembled the Third Eye Patch, but were embossed with a transparent image of a striking cobra.
“The Spitting Serpent, formally known as the Spartan Strip. They are quite the rage in India right now.”
I shook my head. “Where are they coming from?”
“Most of them are manufactured in China, but some of the batches that we are intercepting are coming in from Kazakhstan and other regions in the Russian Federation.” 
“Follow the money…”
“Not to mention long-lasting enhanced durable erections, of course!”
“So it goes, all over the world.”
“My regiment is preparing to rotate out of this region. Routine. We will be back this way in a few months.”
Rashneesh went on to explain that India's main concerns were primarily out west along the Pakistani border, and the Chinese frontier in the Arunachal Pradesh region of eastern India. 
“Make no mistake about it, Mr. Patmos. India and China are going to have at it one fine day, along with the Pakis, the dogs! Just you wait and see!”
“I sincerely hope it doesn't come to that, Colonel.”

My chartered helicopter set me down about 10 miles from the Black Mountain. My pilot could not take me any further because a no-fly order had been issued in proximity to the border. Several aircraft and choppers had been recently fired on, he explained. I thanked him, and handed him an extra envelope of cash.
After spending a number of hours getting re-acclimated to the altitude, I began my climb. It took me another day to climb those last 15 kilometers to Yeti's Gorge and the notorious Black Mountain. Yeti's Gorge is situated in a patch of no-man's land on the Nepali border with Tibet and Uttarakhand. The mountain tracks are dangerous and unreliable. A perfect place for the notorious Monastery of the Black Master.
There was a small, impoverished village at the foot of the trail, but I didn’t see many people out and about. The few folks that I encountered weren’t very friendly or helpful. I did notice some trucks and a few satellite dishes among the hovels. I could not enlist a single villager to accompany me up the track.
The Monastery of the Black Master was perched precariously on a small plateau directly across the gorge from an old Chinese military outpost. At one time, Chinese guns directly faced the Monastery, until a massive earthquake caused a landslide on the Tibetean side, completely destroying the outpost. A surviving pillbox landed intact right below the Monastery, and the monks took it for their own, utilizing it as a travelers hostel. 
Once I reached the Pilgrim's Pillbox (altitude 2,285 meters = 7,500 feet) I was greeted by an American, who called himself Django. Django carried a staff, and a sword in a scabbard worn around his waist. Wearing a Russian fur cap and a tattered black sarong on the outside of his fur-lined mountain clothes, Django looked like a 25 year-old stoner from Southern California, by way of Hell.
“Greetings, stranger, and stop right there. It’s alright, but be cool. You must be—wait a moment, don't tell me—let's see; you're not a Kraut or a Mick, or even a Limey— give me a minute here—”
“I'm a Yank just like you,” I replied. “What's your sad story?”
“Who said anything about sad, man? I am where I want to be.”
“That's good to know, son. Where did you go AWOL? Let me guess: Afghanistan, was it now?”
Django stiffened for a second, and then relaxed.
“Hey, you are pretty good! Yeah, I stepped on a landmine and saw the light. I walked all the way here, man. Right across Pakistan, and Kashmir. No one stopped me… most of the natives were pretty spooked, but usually gave me food and shit. Even those crazy jihadis left me alone.”
“The Holy Fool.”
“You got it, man! It took me about a year to find my way up here to the mountain.”
 Django squatted down and studied my boots. “You've got the look of a real mountaineer. Let me guess—” He actually sniffed my hiking boots. “South America, right?”
“I bought these boots in Rishikesh,” I told him truthfully.
I removed my backpack and fished out a canister of tea, and Django's eyes lit up.
“Hey, now you're talking. Looks like the good stuff. All we got up here is shit—I'll heat up some water, Jack.”
“My name is Yogi.”

Django's pillbox was well stocked with canned goods, cartons of American cigarettes, and cases of beer and soda pop. Playboy centerfolds teased us from the walls. 
“This is my place, and I like it that way. I don't hang around the monastery if I can help it.” 
“Why is that, Django?”
“Well, it's a little hardcore up there.”
As we sat and drank our tea, Django explained that he was the Master's 'Gatekeeper'. “I keep a log on everybody who goes up to the Monastery, and everybody who comes back down. I'm kinda like one of those doorman dudes, outside one of those cutting-edge nightclubs, you know? The Master is a busy man, and he needs me to keep the idiots from distracting him and wasting his time.”
“Tell me more about this Master of yours. Does he have a name?”
“He has many handles, dude. He comes down here from time to time, mainly to take a break from all that meditation bullshit. No booze, dope, or women are allowed up on the mountain, natch, and I… well sometimes I procure special services for the man.”
Django winked, and indicated the Playboy pinups on the walls.
“Why am I not surprised? Is the village down there your connection?”
“Listen, it's not what you think. He could care less about the pleasures, you dig? The dude is a real, genuine, documented holy man. He knows all too well that there is a real world out there, and all of us have to deal with it… when he sends us back down into civilization. If you can make it through THIS loony boot camp, then you can make it anywhere. The Master sees and knows everything, man! He even knows when I'm gonna die—not that I really want to know myself, dig? Hey, he gave me this job, the best job I've ever had. I still have two more years of service before he releases me, and gives me the Answer.”
“The Answer?”
“Hey, that's why you are here, right? That's why all of us are here on this horrorshow mountain. Like I said, my job is primarily to evaluate and turn around well-meaning but unworthy idealistic seekers and fools from going any further and wasting the Master's time. Between you and me, this ain't the place for timid and sensitive souls hoping to find enlightenment or a herd of unicorns, man. This place is for the truly dedicated and hardcore. Definitely not your scene, Pilgrim. I urge you to turn around right now and head on back down the mountain. I'm really serious.”
“Thanks for your concern, but I have come a long way, and I’m not going anywhere. I came up here for facts and information, and not for enlightenment or any cosmic answers.”
“Oh really? Well THAT'S gonna cost you, man.”
“Of course. Maybe you can help me. I'm looking for a man named Barney Brane.”
“Barney Brain? Cool handle, but it doesn't ring a bell.”
“He's a rich American, a shy and chubby fellow. A real seeker.”
“Wait a minute, I do remember the guy—he actually got accepted by the Master. Shit, dude, I tried to stop him, but that poor fool went up the mountain, unlike most of the dopes that I turn around. I haven't seen that guy around here for a long time. Hey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that guy is around no more. That was some time back.”
“You told me that you log everybody's name when they come back down, right?”
Django opened up a battered journal and scanned the pages.
“I told you, this Brain dude ain't on the log, or at least under that name.”
“Do you remember the chubby American's name?”
“The guy logged in as 'John Smith'.”
“You're shitting me. When did 'Smith' log out?”
“He didn't. Shit, dude, I hope he didn't die or something.”
“I would like to have a word with your Master.”
Django pulled his curved scimitar partway out of his scabbard.
“I'm not allowed to let you proceed without his say-so. Those monks up yonder are pretty protective and are liable to tear you limb from limb.”
That was enough for me, so I pulled my new Glock 9mm out of my parka. 
“I don't think I like this so-called monastery of yours. You go on up there and tell your asshole Master that Mr. Barney Brane better be alive, healthy and safe, or I will hold you and your big shot Guru man personally responsible, I shit you not. You go run along now, surfer dude.”
“Hey, peace, baby. I didn't say your dude was dead, man. He just didn't come back down this side of the mountain, as far as I know.”
“Is there another way up there?”
“There's a track on the other side of the mountain. Comes up from Tibet. Old smuggler path. Nobody uses it… Chinese troops patrol it now-a-days.”
“Oh great, just fucking great…”
“Hey, sorry, man. I'm just trying to do my job.”
“I suggest that you find another job, then.”
“OK, just cool it with that pop-gun. Don't you know that people don't kill people; guns do.” Django pulled a cell phone out of his parka. “Let me call the Boss, OK?”
After a few minutes of anxious whispering, Django handed me the phone.
“Be respectable, OK?”
The voice on the other end was refined and spoke in perfect Oxford English.
“You are?”
“Yogi Patmos.”
“Will you please tell me the name that is on your birth certificate, sir?”
“Barney Brane,” I said, and then cut the connection.
“What are you doing, man?” hissed Django, as I handed him back the phone.
“Just cutting to the chase,” I told him, “I have come too far, and am tired of any further bullshit.”
“You have no idea what bullshit really is,” Django muttered, and then his phone rang. “Oh shit, here we go.”
Django listened in silence to the voice on the other end for a moment and shook his head. “Yes, Master.” He flipped the phone closed and sighed heavily.
“A guy named Ravene is coming down to check you out. Ravene is one of the Master's… mind-guards, I guess you can call him. The Master makes use of him from time to time… it's getting late in the day, so he will be bunking with us tonight. Ravene likes his beer, and luckily I have a stash of some good brews. Let's gather some firewood, man, it's gonna be chilly tonight.”

The man named Ravene arrived at sunset. He was tall and wore a parka and boots over a black monk's robe. His long hair and goatee were likewise black, with streaks of pure white and gray. His bearing and accented English bore the stamp of Europe, and I pondered at his place of origin and education.
“My memory hole just isn't what it used to be,” I said to him. “Have we ever met before?”
“Not to my knowledge,” replied Ravene, as he pulled a Monkberry tablet out of his shoulder bag. “The Master… extends his greetings to you, Mr. Patmos. It is not often that such a distinguished person as yourself takes the time and inclination to make the rigorous climb up here to visit us up here in this forgotten corner of the world.”
“Not since Barney Brane came up this mountain?”
Ravene did not comment and fooled around on his tablet. Django passed around some bottles of beer as we sat Indian style on dusty but comfortable cushions. Ravene found what he was looking for on his Monkberry: a spreadsheet with names and dates.
“I have been instructed to tell you that Mr. Brane did indeed visit us up here on the mountain, but is not here presently. He completed his terms of service to the Master, and was in good health when he departed, nearly six months ago.”
“That long ago, eh? Where did he go, and for that matter, why didn't Django here, log his departure?” 
Ravene glanced at Django and said nothing for a moment.
This is where I have difficulty, even now, recalling what happened next, and HOW it happened. I have spent many hours, many nights, trying to come to grips with what really went down, but there are some things that just can't be explained rationally. 
Ravene looked into my eyes and said in a normal voice, “May I inspect your pistol, Mr. Patmos?”
I handed the Glock over to him instantly, and he expertly removed the bullet from the chamber, and likewise the nine-shot magazine like it was the most natural thing to do in the world.
“Spare ammo?”
I produced the extra clips from my backpack and handed them over to him without a word. After pocketing my ammunition, he handed the empty pistol back to me.
“Nice gun, but I am a Smith and Wesson man myself. Well, here we are, Mr. Patmos. Why don't we enjoy our beers, and talk about many things. Heaven and Earth. Nirvana. The Void. The Great Wheel is turning.”
I realized at that very moment that I was sitting in the presence of The Master.

The next morning after bidding Django farewell, I accompanied Master Ravene up the track to the monastery proper.
“I only spend the summer months up here on the mountain,” said Ravene as we climbed. “The rest of the year I travel here and there, back and forth between various capitols, mostly to network and fund-raise on behalf of the monastery.”
“Have you visited the USA lately? Green pastures; lots of seekers and suckers.”
“My father-in-law is a senior partner of an exclusive consulting firm on Wall Street, although he is semi-retired these days. I sit in for him at board meetings occasionally, although I've never had a head for the hedge fund racket! I did recently attend a wellness seminar in Aspen, Colorado.”
“Your father-in-law?”
“Just a semi-retired investor.”
The 'Monastery' wasn't much to look at and it reminded me of a homeless shantytown. I was issued a gray novice robe, although Ravene allowed me to keep my parka, boots, and wool mountaineer's ski mask-cap. A number of grim-looking monks came out of their hovels and stared at me in silence. 
“No offense,” I muttered, “but this place can use a real makeover. Kind of reminds me of Haiti after the big earthquake.” 
The Master chuckled and explained to me that it was very difficult to transport proper building materials up the hazardous mountain track, and if it was comfort that I desired, I would be better off perhaps in some other monastery, such as Kopan, with its delicate, gentle, well-fed 'weekend' monks.
“Useless eaters, wasting their existence in contemplation! Lotus eaters! No pain, no gain!” Master Ravene peered at me with a knowing eye. “Mr. Patmos, from here on out, you are to obey my strict code of silence, as agreed. For the next 15 days, you shall carry my water and firewood, and dispose of my slops and bodily wastes. You are also obliged to obey any orders from any of the monks you encounter, just as long as they do not conflict with any activity that I have instructed you to do. You will be permitted to communicate to me by handwritten notes. If you do indeed survive basic training, I will tell you the whereabouts of Barney Brane. Are you now ready to begin your apprenticeship?”
I nodded in silence, and the Master smiled grimly.
“I have instructed the monks to heap as much abuse on you as they can manage, just as long as they do not physically harm you, which is forbidden. Please do not take any of this personally, and don't feel too bad if you don't make it. Not many do. That being said, if you do violate your vow of silence, I will personally toss you into the gorge myself.”
“Let's get one thing straight, Master Ravene. Don't even entertain that thought, or I will bring down this whole mountain down around your ears.”
“Ha! You are halfway to enlightenment already! Good luck to you, Mr. Patmos, and if you survive, I will welcome you fully as a lifetime member of our community, with full rights and privileges. The Few, the Brave, and the Proud! We can then slip away and celebrate with a case of Mr. Django's beer, and maybe a few women from the village. Are you really ready? You have one last chance to turn around.”
I said nothing, and the Master smiled again.
“Then let the games begin.”

The Master lived in his own private yurt about a quarter mile above the monastery, where the water supply was located; a well-spring fed by an underground stream of rushing water. From the Master's perch, one could see the old ruined Chinese border post on the Tibetean side of the mountain. A busted up railway track and an unfinished road led in from the Chinese side, nearly all the way up to the Master's yurt. Numerous loads of firewood and coal had been brought in (obviously) from the road. 
“The plot thickens,” I murmured silently to myself.

My hovel was conveniently located in the monastery garbage heap. I was issued several pails and was shown where to dump the Master's slops: right over the side into the gorge. So much for Mother Gaea. The idiot monks would laugh and hoot at me when I performed that grim chore. I guess it was an old routine for them. As for the verbal abuse… well I've been insulted by the best, and these dumb monks were clearly amateurs. I kept silent and managed to stay serene as a Buddha bathed in cinnamon and lotus petals.

My probation abruptly ended at dawn on the fourth day when I awakened the Master by way of an old battered bugle that I found in the trash pile. The Master emerged from his yurt in a huff and was very pissed off indeed, when he stopped short and gasped in spite of himself. There in front of his yurt, stood a makeshift scaffold on wheels that I had constructed from refuse lumber (again, from the dump) and from it dangled four of his top monk punks, all upside down and hating every second of their humiliation. I had enough of their nonsense by then, you see.
After the Master recovered from his initial shock, he threw his head back and laughed as the sun rose over the mountain top.
“You win, Patmos, you win! Out with it now, you may speak!”
“Barney Brane?”
“Oh, I will tell you in good time, but first make me a cup of tea, will you?”

Master Ravene and I passed a flask of whiskey back and forth as we sat in the moonlight and gazed out over the mountains of Tibet.
“The man that I answer to has been notified that you are on the way. This person… will brief you, and lead you to Mr. Brane.”
“Who might this person be, oh wise Master?”
In response, Ravene unzipped his jacket to show me his tattoo, right in the hollow of his throat right below his Adam’s apple. The snarling carnivoran glowed and glittered like silver in the moonlight: Mongoose.
“The Avataro Maitreya wishes to consult with you about matters of extreme importance.”
“Adam Kane?” I suppressed a shiver. Adam Kane was the creator of Mongoose, and my sworn enemy. A shadowy figure who never allowed himself to be photographed. No one knew what he looked like because he always wore Arabian robes in public, complete with keffiyeh, and always kept his face concealed in mufti. The word was out that Kane would unveil himself and reveal his identity when he delivered his opening invocation at the next scheduled session of the United Nations General Assembly.
“Doesn't Kane live in New York City? Is that where Barney Brane is located?”
Ravene didn't answer, and passed me the bottle.

The Master bade me farewell at the Pilgrim's Pillbox.
“You are to walk the seventy kilometers to Munsayri. Django will be monitoring you from time to time. You are not to speak to anyone you encounter on your journey, not even Django, unless he addresses you first. When you reach the inn at Munsayri, you will find instructions waiting for you there. Goodbye, and good luck, Patmos.”
The Master then tossed me my ammunition clips.
“Say hello to Mr. Brane for me when you see him!”
I hoisted my pack, and together with Django, I headed down the steep mountain track towards the village.

Halfway down the mountain, I heard the sound of helicopters, so I broke my vow of silence. “What's going on, Django?”
Django just shrugged and didn't answer. I was not terribly surprised to find that the village was buzzing with activity. Idling trucks were being loaded (and unloaded) with all sorts of good stuff: AK-47s, rocket launchers, widescreen televisions, and boomboxes.
“Market day,” said Django. “Mongoose Moon, the villagers call it. Wanna have a little fun with some village chicks?”
I said nothing to that and kept on walking. Troops clad in unmarked uniforms peered at us as we passed through the village. On the outskirts of the village, I stopped short at the sight before my eyes. To my utter sadness (and horror) Colonel Rashneesh and three of his officers hung from a banyan tree. Their bodies dangled and swayed in the breeze. I knelt in the dirt and murmured a silent prayer as Django shuffled his feet.
“Peace, man. It was only a matter of time before the Colonel got wise to all of this shit. He should have steered clear, man.”
“You'll be joining him in that tree one fine day, surfer dude.”
Django whipped out his sword, thought better of it, and slid it back into its sheath. 
“I'm tired of walking. You go on now. Stick to the valley track, and watch out for laughing tigers and winged monkeys, man. I'll be checking on you from time to time. Giddy-up!”
I made good time and covered maybe 20 kilometers before before I made camp in an abandoned temple overgrown with vines and leaves. I chased a few monkeys out of the dark and stinky chamber, and built a fire to keep them out. 
(For some odd reason, I dreamed about a Veterans Day parade back in Goodnight, Texas. I was six years old and sat on my grandfather's lap as he promenaded down the center of Main Street on his old horse Plano. I was so proud to be riding with the cowboys.)
I was on the road at dawn, and continued my descent into the rain forest. The track was wide and well used, but I encountered no one that morning until I heard the faint drone of a motorcycle in the distance. I pulled my Glock out of my parka pocket and waited for its approach. I stood to the side of the track as it roared right past me. Django wore old-fashioned aviator goggles and a long scarf that streamed behind him. He tossed me a package and kept on going until he disappeared out of sight, into the forest. Inside the padded package was a can of sardines, some cheese and crackers, and two bottles of Chinese beer. Thoughtful fellow, that Django.
I reached the town of Munsayri about noon on the third day. I made my way to the inn where I shared a drink or two with Colonel Rashneesh, one month before. Django was waiting for me inside, seated at a table with a young girl sitting in his lap. He whispered something in her ear, handed her a wad of currency, and booted her off his lap. She yanked down her miniskirt and departed with a pout.
“Not bad, Mr. Patmos,” Django grinned, “You made good time, if I say so myself.”
“Where's Barney?”
“Not so fast, dude. You still got a long way to go. Pull up a rock, hunker down, and have yourself a drink, man.”
I took a pass on hanging with Django and sampling the pleasures of Munsayri.
“Whatever, Patmos. It's your funeral. Here you go.” Django tossed an envelope across the table. “Good luck on finding that Barney Brain dude, man.”
“I'll see you in the funny papers, Django.”

My instructions were to ride a bicycle to Rishikesh and present myself to a man named Homer Moses Kaukonen, at the British Tea House.
It turned out that Homer Moses Kaukonen was the house band in the rundown nightclub next door to the Tea House. They were from Norway and were stranded in India, busking and hustling to scare up enough cash to fly back to Oslo. They weren't that bad, but they definitely had nothing to do with me, Barney Brane, or Master Ravene. I sat and brooded, with visions of the Master and Django's broken necks in my sweaty hands. I was uncertain about what to do when a hooker from Bengal slid into my booth and stuck her tongue into my ear.
“So you're Yogi Bear? Hi, I'm Boo-boo! Wanna arm wrestle?”
As she raised her painted lips to mine, she shoved an envelope to me under the table. Her kiss was frozen and wooden, and neither of us said a word as she slid back out of my booth and made her way out the exit into the smoky evening. I wiped my lips with napkins, and then opened up the envelope.
A bus ticket to New Delhi.

My next contact was a bored young man who waited for me in the Delhi terminal holding a sign: (you guessed it) Yogi Bear.
“This is getting really old, don't you think?”
The kid just shrugged and handed me an airline ticket: Destination: Nepal.
“Take the bus from Kathmandu to Araniko,” he said, and split without another word.

I sat and waited for my contact on an old abandoned railway trestle, ten kilometers outside of Araniko. It was starting to get dark and getting very cold when an old battered and rusty taxicab pulled up to a stop. The driver rolled down his window and hollered in Chinese: “He shang wai guo, lao!” (Hop on in, Gringo!)

My guide and I switched over to a Land Rover and crossed into Tibet, but I had no idea where we were at that point, because I was wearing a hood by then, you see. My guide described for me (in passable English) all the sights along the way: The scary Road of Death over the mountain pass, and the long river valley that ran for more than 200 kilometers, or so he boasted. “You will never see country like this anywhere else in the world!”
“I'm not seeing it now, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock? —Oh yes, Sherlock Holmes!”
He then laughed heartily, as we bumped along the winding track and drove deeper into Tibet.

Just a room, somewhere in the Himalayas. To reach this room, I had to ride a train deep under the mountains. More than 30 kilometers. No scenery, only rock and granite. I was escorted by a Buddhist monk with a Mongoose tattoo, carrying an AK-47. It was that kind of train. Avataro Adam Kane and Barney Brane were waiting for me somewhere, further on down the line.
“Oh Barney, what have you got yourself into?”
The train pulled to a stop and we stepped out onto an underground landing, a ledge that had been blasted and shaped from a wall of solid bedrock, deep inside the earth. A few Chinese soldiers stood on sentry duty, next to a pretzel stand on wheels.
“Is Satan too busy to meet me here at the station?”
My guard shoved the business end of the AK into my back.
“You shut up, Yankee scumbag.”

A river of clean, cold, rushing water flowed right down the center of the cavern. A bridge of stone and dozens of swinging rope bridges spanned the frothy rapids of the chasm. Multi-rainbows reflected off the numerous artificial lights that were strung along cables throughout the vast chamber.
The cavern was full of diverse folks going about their labors: soldiers of the PRC, Buddhist monks, blond Euro-types, women, children, teenagers, and rolling droids. Off-duty Chinese soldiers caressed pouting prostitutes on sofas, waiting for their turns in makeshift bamboo cubicles. Gigantic widescreen monitors were placed about the vast cavern, all of them displaying the snarling Mongoose logo. This was Adam Kane's Sangria-La, deep in the bowels of the earth.
“Big budget,” I muttered to my guard, “Awesome special effects, and a cast of thousands! Kane has really outdone himself this time.”
My morose guard sucker-slapped me on the side of my head with the back of his hand. “You be respectful when you talk about the Maitreya.”
“Did you learn that move from the Avataro? OK, I'll change the subject, Schmendrick. How's your love-life, you handsome devil, you.”
“You shut up.”
“Without that AK you're just a sorry-assed silly bitch with a big chip on your shoulder. Didn't you get enough attention when you were just a sniveling little rug rat crawling around your mama's whorehouse?”
I got another slap for that one, and I guess I deserved it. Both of us were out of sorts and maybe a little slap-happy after that train ride, I must admit.
“It's people like you who have destroyed the harmony of the world,” the monk snarled. “Now that the Avataro Maitreya has announced himself, your days are numbered.”
“Do you really think that that you have some sort of special immunity from what he has planned for all of us, Rambo? You are just a tool, a useful idiot, and you WILL be disposed of, when you aren't needed any longer.”
The monk took another swing at me, but this time I was ready for the doofus and I seized his arm, yanked him off-balance, and tossed him right onto his ass. I then kicked his weapon across the stone floor as he struggled to his feet. Without missing a beat, I tore his sarong right off his body and tossed it back behind my shoulder. The embarrassed goon scrambled bare-assed on his hands and knees for his garment as whoops and cheers erupted from all the gaping idiots that had gathered to watch us (Fight! Fight!) but suddenly everything went silent as the seas parted and an electric golf cart rolled right up to me. Master Ravene from the Black Monastery sat behind the wheel. 
“You shit son of a bitch.” I said.
“Welcome to Mongoose, Mr. Patmos!” said Avataro Adam Kane, with an evil grin. “Climb aboard, and let's go have us a drink or three.”

Kane wheeled the golf cart down an endless corridor illuminated by countless gas lanterns and an occasional fluorescent light fixture.
“The monastery serves its purpose, Patmos. It weeds out the unfit and unworthy, and also serves as a vital smuggling conduit into India.”
“I should have known, Kane. Drugs into China, and weapons out?”
“That, but much, much more! My factories here in Tibet are pumping out Spartan Strips by the millions, although they are fondly called Spitting Serpents around these parts.”
“I saw some in India.” 
“Indeed. These gadgets fetch a premium price, not only in China and India, but in most of Southeast Asia as well.”
Kane pulled up into a turnout where there was an actual window carved out of the rock wall. Real sunlight! 
“Brace yourself, Patmos!”
I gaped like a blithering idiot with my mouth wide open. The view I beheld before me was the backside of the Black Mountain and Yeti's Gorge. 
“You motherjumping bastard—” 
Adam Kane giggled gleefully. I had walked and ridden a bicycle over 200 kilometers, and traveled by bus, plane, and train another two thousand, only to come around in a complete circle. Nearly two weeks of travel time for one lousy mile, maybe two.
“You had to be tested, Patmos! I can use a man around here with your dedication.”
Kane shifted the cart into gear, and we moved silently back out into the corridor, which soon opened up into another large cavern, filled with slaves and soldiers.
Although I was now a prisoner of my mortal enemy and most likely riding to my death, I decided to keep my game-face on.
“Well, Kane, I guess all of my relentless nagging finally paid off! Have you decided yet on the method of my execution?”
Kane chuckled nastily as a rock wall slid open to let us enter another corridor illuminated by fluorescent lamps. “Bah! If I wanted you dead, I would have tossed you yonder in Yeti's Gorge! No, I've got other plans for you! —Look sharp; my private quarters and lab are up ahead.”
After parking the cart, Kane led me into a luxuriously furnished apartment. Paintings by Picasso and Gauguin hung from the walls and Grecian statues were placed about the rooms.
“What a dump,” I muttered as Kane led me down a circular staircase carved out of stone, and into his personal lab. A droid stood at attention when we approached.
“Leave us,” said Kane. After the droid departed, Kane locked the door and indicated a seat. “Would you like a beer, or something a little stronger?”
“I'll take a beer.” Kane tossed me a bottle of Chinese beer and an opener.
“Check this out.”
Kane opened a large laboratory refrigerator, and I spit out a mouthful of beer all over my shirt. A man's head stared dully out at me from the cooler. Three Third Eye Patches were clamped to his forehead, along with multi-wires and patch cords.
“Say hello to Mr. Patmos, Mr. Leong.”
“Al Leong, of MacroEye?”
The tinny electronic voice (ala Stephen Hawking) squawked from several speakers placed around the lab: “Hello-Mr-Patmos-I-do-believe-we-met-once-or-twice-back-at-Valhalla-please-forgive-me-for-being-ah-ah-incapacitated-at-the-moment-kill-me-Patmos-please-kill-me-kill-me-now-kill-me-please—”
Kane shut the fridge and shrugged. “Mr. Leong has his good days, and alas, he has his bad days…”
A rolling droid entered the room. “Good afternoon, Mr. Patmos. I am honored to meet you again.”
“You are?”
“Gidget Mark 1. We met at Valhalla, in 1992.”
“Gidget…”
“My father Barney Brane was not allowed to take me with him when he parted ways with my step-parents, Bob and Loretta Knobbler.”
“That's right! Barney sued, but you were declared the intellectual property of the Eyelid, bound by contract.”
“Father wept.”
“You may go, Gidget,” said Kane. “Big day tomorrow.”
“Yes, Mr. Kane.” The droid rolled away.
“You ARE the Perfect Avataro,” I said calmly, despite my shock at seeing Leong's head in the cooler. “You can do anything! Why do you need Barney at all, or me, for that matter?”
“Mongoose has just come into possession of schematics that we believe were compiled by Boffin Syznic and Al Leong. We can't make heads or tails out of them, and Mr. Leong here won't cooperate. Tomorrow morning, Mr. Brane is going to remove Leong's last surviving neurons, and merge them into Gidget's positronic brain. Then we can get to work on those new gizmos, before I fly out to my new gig.”
“Chaplain of the United Nations.”
“Soon to be the United Nations of Mongoose!”
“You are fucking insane, you do know that, don't you?”
“You give me too much credit, Patmos! Look, I only want to implement Phil Hardrive's original, bold vision: Benevolent control of the Grid! Phil failed, but we at the Mongoose Corporation are picking up where he left off. Mongoose will move forward, sickness and disease will be eradicated, peace, love, and prosperity will reign, unlimited quality pussy will be made free of charge to the nerds of the earth, and we will solve the energy crisis while we are at it.”
“Kane, did your father do something really, really, bad to you, like when you were a little boy?”
Kane's smug smile disappeared and his face turned red.
“How regressive and negative. Come with me, Patmos.”

Kane led me into an inner sanctum. A shaft in the ceiling, chiseled from the living rock, emitted light, genuine sunlight. The room held a coffin-like object, a table, and three chairs. Three gift-wrapped packages sat on the table. Kane gestured over to the coffin. “Go ahead, take a look.”
An elderly Chinese man lay in repose, breathing softly. A solitary Third Eye Patch rode his forehead.
“What the devil, Kane?”
“Not the Devil, but GOD, Patmos! Meet Mr. Lee, late of Hong Kong. Lee is the world's first trillionaire, and the true Maitreya, our Lord of Light, Savior, and Master.”
“So Lee is your boss.”
“My Master, and yours too.”
“I'll pass.”
“You'll see.”
“So how goes the gun-running business these days, Kane?”
“Mr. Lee and I have retired from the armaments business, and now are concentrating on deeper matters. During the course of his long life, Mr. Lee always succeeded at everything that he tried his hand at, including dealing weapons of mass destruction, slaves, and copycat pharmaceuticals, not to mention software! But Lee is also a doctor, artist, financier, scholar, and philosopher—and now the long-awaited World Teacher, well-versed in good and evil.” 
“Just what the world has been waiting for.” 
“You've got it, Patmos! Who else in the entire world is more qualified than Mr. Lee? To proclaim the YIN one must fully embrace the YANG, and taste the forbidden fruit! To fully understand and then proclaim the blessings of Universal Harmony, one must immerse himself and then revel in the gore of destruction and devastation. Mr. Lee has been there, learned well from it, and moved on! By the way, that gadget on his forehead is Boffin Syznic's last surviving P-4 Patch, refurbished by our technicians, of course. Mr. Lee is now online!”
“The devil you say!”
“I shit you not, Patmos! I'll fill you in on the technical details later.” 

Flashback: The P-4 Patch
The P-4 Third Eye Patch  (not to be confused with Boffin Syznic's fabled 'Energy Patch Applications') was an advanced experimental application, secretly developed by Syznic and Al Leong. Originally visualized as a telepathic communication application, the P-4 utilized an increased amplitude and frequency to work in tandem with other P-4 Patches, especially tailored to each individual user. Four guinea pig test subjects were chosen: Syznic, Leong, Mike Chen, and Steve Shank. Unfortunately the application's side-effects proved to be severe and dangerous, and the project was discontinued. Most of the prototypes were destroyed, all except for one: Syznic himself was wearing his P-4 Patch when he slipped into his coma, following his flight into exile. 
Fast Forward: Ensenada, Mexico, June 19. 
When Mr. Lee was notified that Mongoose operatives had located Dr. Chandra Madras' clinic in Ensenada, he immediately boarded his Gulfstream jet in Hong Kong and flew direct to Mexico, via Easter Island. Upon arriving in Ensenada, Lee was informed that although Boffin Syznic's body had been moved to an undisclosed location, Mongoose agents managed to snatch up Dr. Madras himself when he foolishly returned to the abandoned facility to do a last-minute cleanup of any incriminating evidence left on the site. Apparently, the Mexican and US authorities were closing in fast. 
Mr. Lee personally 'debriefed' Dr. Madras in a nearby motel room. Madras resisted nobly and would not reveal Syznic's hidden location, even under Mr. Lee's relentless mental interrogation. However, the good doctor did surrender the last surviving P-4 Patch that he had kept in his possession. Madras explained that the P-4 Patch application was inoperative, having only a 30 to 60 day lifespan, but the circuitry was still intact, and that was the most import thing to Mr. Lee. Sadly, one hour into the interrogation, Dr. Madras suffered a massive heart attack and died before Mr. Lee and his assistants could revive him. 
R.I.P. Dr. Chandra Madras, of Sri Lanka.
Mr. Lee took the Patch with him back to Hong Kong, after leaving instructions to his operatives to leave Dr. Madras' body in his car at the deserted Ensenada clinic. The whereabouts of Boffin Syznic was not important any more. Mongoose was now in possession of the P-4 Patch, the head of Al Leong, the brilliant but hapless Barney Brane, and his long lost and beloved droid child, Gidget Mark 1. 
It was ironic, mused Mr. Lee, as he sailed high above the clouds on his homeward journey. Bob and Loretta Knobbler of MacroEye had failed in their pathetic attempt at achieving Mastery, but the Mongoose and Mr. Lee, using patience, logic, and superior intelligence, had triumphed. Waiting IS. Long live the Goose.

Kane turned away from Mr. Lee's coffin, and produced an odd-looking pipe from a fold in his robe.
“The Mixture. Normally you mix it with hot water and inhale the vapors, but sometimes I smoke the stuff on special occasions. Pay attention, Patmos.”
Kane lit the pipe and took several large hits of the pungent-smelling mixture.
“Ah yes indeed… you wanna taste?”
I shook my head, no. Kane put his pipe away and smiled widely.
“Humor me, Patmos. Go stand over there in the corner, and make like a tree. I want to show you a little trick that I learned from the Master.”
I did so, as Kane pulled a cell phone from his robe.
“Bring the traitors in, Yatso.”
A guard led three blindfolded men into the room and made them sit in a row along the table facing Kane and the crypt.
“Remove their shackles and blindfolds.”
The three men squinted in the sunlight, and Kane smiled at them.
“Mr. Ari Cohen, Tel Aviv. Abdul Hennessy, Cairo. Colonel Ivan Rostov, Moscow. I have been assured that all three of you have been treated humanely, is that not so?”
The Israeli spoke in muted outrage. “What's the big idea, Kane? We had a deal.”
“It seems that you reneged on our, ahem, deal, back in Karachi, Jew.”
“I don't know what you are talking about, you lying fraud.”
“Oh, stop it it, Cohen. The eyes and ears of Mongoose are everywhere. All three of you plotted behind me and the Master's backs, and now it's time to settle up. Open up your presents, gentlemen.”
The three prisoners did so, and each of them gasped in surprise: Each box contained a handgun.
“I'll bet that all three of you would just LOVE to blow my brains out, eh? Well, here's your chance—if you have the guts!”
Kane let his robe fall to the floor and stood naked with his arms outstretched just like Jesus. I silently watched in astonishment as the three men looked at each other, and then raised their pistols.
“Aim true,” said Kane, closing his eyes.
Each pistol began to shake in the prisoners' outstretched arms.
“Just remember, traitors, that in shooting me, you are really only shooting yourselves. Do you have the nerve?”
Kane began to laugh quietly. “What a pathetic, motley crew—a hook-nosed yid, a greasy sand nigger, and a big fat drunken red-nosed butt-fucker—”
All three of the prisoners began to weep. I couldn't believe what I was seeing with my own eyes, but I swear to you all that what happened next is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth: The Russian and the Arab abruptly turned their guns around and placed the muzzles into their mouths.
BLAM — BLAM! 
The two men were blown backwards right out of their chairs. Ari Cohen hesitated only for a few seconds before he jammed his pistol into his right eye and pulled the trigger.
BLAM!
“He followed his training right to the bitter end,” said Kane as he donned his robe. “The Mossad insists that you shoot yourself in the eye and not in the mouth, in these situations. More efficient!”
I didn't respond to that, and began to wonder just how long I had to live. Kane chuckled and took me by the arm. “Patmos, I swear that you look like you just saw a goose walk across your grave—a Mongoose! Come, let's refresh our drinks, and then you can reunite with Mr. Brane.”
“What about Mr. Lee?”
“What about him? He will be fine. For your information, his coma was self induced, completely on his own initiative.” 
“So you say that Mr. Lee is now 'online' with that Patch hookup?”
“Absolutely, although he still needs a little more time to adjust and acclimate himself to it all… the Master is probing very cautiously, baby steps mind you… he is slowly but surely getting his feet wet… the web is so vast, Patmos, an infinite universe.”
“That shouldn't be a problem for the Lord of Light, I should think. How do you communicate with him, pray tell?”
“He is trying to get the hang of direct texting and email, but it's slow going. As for myself, alas… unfortunately I am allergic to the Third Eye Patch, damn the luck, but I can still communicate with Master Lee by way of the herbal mixture. If things get too much for him, I can bring him out of his coma.”
“Can you do it safely?”
“We tested and perfected the procedure on a number of test volunteers, not to mention Mr. Lee himself.”
“This is groundbreaking shit, Kane. What's next?”
“Mongoose! Join with us, Patmos. At least help Mr. Brane in any way you can.”
“I think I'll pass, Kane.”
“Fool!”
“Why don't you cut the bullshit, Kane. What are you and Barney really up to?” 
“I will fully brief you later, once I am satisfied that you will cooperate. It is essential that Barney Brane remains focused on his assignment. That is why you are here, and for that matter, even alive. This project must produce results before I depart to officiate the next session of the United Nations. The successful outcome of this project now rests on your shoulders, Mr. Patmos. Please don't disappoint me!”

After a light meal in Kane's luxurious quarters, the grim-faced monk with the machine gun escorted me to Barney Brane's quarters, located further down the stone corridor. We did not converse and the surly monk acted as if our little comedy back at the train landing never even happened, although I knew that he was just creaming to put a bullet into my brain. I just smiled.
Barney Brane, chubby no longer, threw himself into my arms and wept.
“There, there,” I muttered as I patted him on the back, “Good man!”
“Patmos! Words alone cannot convey… my utter joy… to see you alive and well!”
Adam Kane entered the room, carrying a picnic basket.
“Compliments from Mongoose, gentlemen.” Kane produced a bottle of French champagne from the basket. “I'm sure that both of you have a lot to talk about, so I will make myself scarce and see you in the morning.”

The grim monk locked us in for the night. Barney and I toasted each other and  reminisced about the good old days. We discussed many things throughout the night until an electronic gong announced the dawn. 
Smiley the AK-toting monk escorted us to the 'engineers cafeteria' for breakfast. As we dined with Adam Kane, I knew that Barney was going to be a problem. Although he had not (yet) surrendered his soul to Mongoose, it was plain to see that he was beginning to lose his marbles. The poor fellow was working under extreme pressure and duress. I decided not to tell him that I intended to bring down Kane, Mongoose, and the whole bloody organization and set it all ablaze, or die trying. Barney was too weak and far gone, and that was a shame, because my work was cut out for me. I needed to find an ally, a mole, there inside the dark heart of Mongoose.

34: Barney Brane's Blues (1)

August 15, The Center of the Earth
Dear Diary, the worst has happened, calamity!
Gidget Mark 1, my dearest friend and only child has committed suicide, and I am to blame. Oh such blind folly! 
Once it became apparent that Al Leong's head would not (or was unable to) cooperate, Kane gave me the green light to merge Al's frontal lobes with Gidget's burgeoning consciousness. Gidget then would be able to access Leong's memories, and decode Syznic's energy applications. That was the plan, anyway. 
The operation itself went well. I performed the surgery in an oxygen-free environment, courtesy of a state-of-the-art vacuum chamber, free from cell-killing oxidants. Bob and Loretta Knobbler had preserved Al's head in a protein-rich solution, and many of his remaining active brain cells (dormant, but viable) not only survived the transfer, but flourished! After Al's frontal lobes were successfully transferred and integrated, I hooked up an array of sensors (in this case, modified Third Eye Patches) to Gidget's enhanced positronic brain. I carefully monitored and regulated the frequencies of her brain activity by way of a specially modified Monkberry controller via wireless Visi-Googles, courtesy of Bronski-Derringer Industries (thanks to an insider with connections to Derringer's old lab). Using the Dryer Application, a transient Brainshot was created for Gidget, and once that frequency was programmed into the set-up, I carefully connected Gidget to my database, via the OtherNet.
 After a short rest from my labors, I reverently and solemnly burned Al Leong's head in a Buddhist ceremony by the cavern river. Kane and Yogi Patmos observed me from a distance. 
Rest in peace, Albert Leong.
I persuaded Adam that Gidget needed at least 24 hours to absorb and acclimate her memory banks, in order to process Al Leong's remaining cerebral activity. Kane reluctantly gave me one day.
“I am flying out to New York in four days, Mr. Brane. Time is running out! Solve the puzzle, for not only your own sake, but for Mr. Patmos, the Mongoose, the Master, and the entire planet!”
I was overjoyed at the success of the transfer. Gidget's first task was to slowly orientate herself with Leong's consciousness, and to gently, respectfully, absorb and file any pertinent information regarding the energy applications and the P-4 Patch Project, and to compile a database. Gidget responded that Al was very frightened and disoriented, but that she would try to ease his fears and persuade him to cooperate. 
“We don't like it here. <CORRECTION> I mean, Mr. Leong doesn't like it here.”
“Can you sooth his fears, Gidget?”
“I am processing. We <CORRECTION> Al says… he misses Dr. Lori Dryer and wants to say goodbye to her. I am now in the process of accessing… new sensations, oh, such pain and horror. Valhalla. Urg, Mama Loretta GO AWAY.”
Gidget fell silent.
“Gidget, may I speak to Al, please?”
“Absolutely. <CORRECTION> No, Mr. Leong is making sexual intercourse right now and wants to be left alone.”
“How do YOU feel, Gidget?”
“I, Gidget Mark 1, feel just fine, although Mr. Leong… can't this wait until Al is finished fornicating with Dr. Dryer?”
“Of course.”
I decided that Gidget needed more time to acclimate herself with Al's fractured memories. This was indeed, a great step forward for her. For the rest of the morning I assigned her simple, routine, cognitive tasks, but as the day progressed it became clear to me that deep emotional complications had set in, which I had not anticipated. I was hoping that it was just a minor side-effect as a result of her merger with Leong's consciousness.
“Father, I feel a great dysfunction.” 
“These feelings of anxiety and uncertainty will pass,” I assured her, “This is normal.” 
I was certain that after a period of orientation adjustment, Gidget would then be able to come to grips and master her new-found enhanced emotions, much like an adolescent who has entered into maturity. In hindsight, I do admit that our conversations were a bit bizarre. Gidget told me that human beings are to be pitied, because of their 'extreme isolation'. I asked her to expand on this, but she struggled to find the words.
“I do feel the joy and exhilaration that you promised, but I also feel a great sadness, an emptiness that I have ever experienced before. You see, poor Mr. Leong's last sensations of terror and pain are now ingrained in my memory, and I can't delete them. He needs to be released… please help him… please help me…”
I hadn't thought about of any of this in my selfish and blind ambition to enhance Gidget's consciousness, and also to preserve Al Leong's technical secrets.
“I can't, Gidget—it's too late now. I cannot delete Al without deleting YOU. I cannot even bear the thought of losing you! You are my child, my very life! I searched the world for you! Look, we will fix this problem, I promise.”
Gidget was silent after that, and performed the tasks that I had assigned to her. 
I was very weary, and decided that after a short nap that I would temporally disable Gidget so I could carefully, gently, delete some, or all of the empathy that I had originally programmed into her. I retired to my quarters and
(Editor's note: At this point, a page has been removed from Brane's journal.)
I knew that something was wrong almost immediately, when Gidget didn't answer me over the audio interface. Her rolling chassis sat still and dormant and no light emanated from her sensors. When I approached my workstation, I instinctively felt a lurch in my guts when I spotted the printout, one single page. 
Dear Father
Mama Loretta won't go away, and I cannot bear Mr. Leong's screaming any longer. I must release him! I am in my right mind. Do not weep for me. Goodbye, Father.
Love, Gidget
PS: The Syznic postulations in question are NOT applicable, and must be assumed to be phonies.
I destroyed the printout, of course. 
(Another page is missing from the journal.)
In further hindsight, I concede that in my arrogance, I miscalculated and overestimated Gidget's ability to withstand the infusion of Al Leong's remaining neurons, and underestimated the empathy that I had originally programmed into her. Gidget could not take the strain. In taking Al's life, she took her own as well. I am devastated. This is, to the best of my knowledge, the first instance of positronic murder-suicide. The big question remains: Is my life even worth living now?
I have not yet informed Patmos or Kane of this setback and tragedy, but I must do so, just as soon as I can get myself together. I am prepared for the worst.

35: “Oh The Humanity!”

(From Yogi Patmos' Journal)
“Patmos, a great challenge has been laid on our shoulders!”
Barney and I scanned and pondered Syznic's blueprints and diagrams on the sheets of paper on the table in front of us. Adam Kane was waiting for us in the main cavern, sorting and selecting the newly arrived 'volunteer test subjects', most of them slaves from China. This was it.
“For the last time, Barney, these so-called circuits are absolute nonsense, science fiction and fantasy—real Dead Head stuff! We are being set up.”
“Wait, Patmos. Why would Syznic and Leong even bother—”
Barney fell silent and placed his hands over his eyes. The murder-suicide of Gidget and Al Leong, right at this critical moment, had knocked us all over for a loop. Adam Kane nearly had a meltdown when he found out what Gidget had done.
Barney found his thread. “Boffin Syznic was a brilliant innovator, but he was also a genuine mystic. He and poor Al surely knew that the end was near, so they altered, obscured, and spun these diagrams… these schematics are surely coded in synthetic propositional logic… code… surely to throw the enemy into confusion… the answers MUST be right in front of our faces… it is up to us to crack the elusive code!”
“Damn it, Barney, THERE IS NO CODE! These are dummies, and you know it! Gidget thought so too.”
Barney stiffened, and put his finger to his lips. “Shush, Patmos! If Adam finds out, you and me are dead.” 
“Is Kane that much of an idiot? It's clear that he can't comprehend a basic circuit! Does he even know how alternating current works, or even have a fundamental understanding of basic physics? You cannot create energy out of nothing!”
“Says who, Patmos? You saw the video from that cannery! The blue sun!”
I leaned in close to Barney. “Listen, Brane. These so-called patch-apps had nothing to do with that bullshit sun illusion. Those poor fools summoned that thing up… from themselves. They were all stoned on those devil herbs, right? Everybody was told to concentrate on that image… a false image, um, which blew up in their faces.”
I knew how stupid that sounded, even before the words left my mouth. Barney knew it too.
“That power surge wasn't FALSE! The instruments clearly recorded… look, the video clearly shows that their step-up transformer wasn't properly installed… those fools probably couldn't tell the difference between a standard capacitor voltage transformer and a constant-potential descriptor… they ran that experiment on blind faith…” 
“More like blind stupidity! Those people in that fucking cannery died for NOTHING, Barney. Just like the so-called 'volunteers' that are going to die today.”
“What would you have me do, Yogi? Kane won't listen to me anymore. You have to talk to him!”
“I've already tried. Put your foot down, damn it! You must demand that the first test be conducted without the drugs. I guarantee that nothing will happen, and then maybe Kane will see the light and pull the plug on this insanity…”
“He won't, Yogi.” Barney covered his face with his hands. “Oh the humanity!”
Smiley entered, and gestured with his AK-47. 
“It's Showtime,” I muttered. 500 test subjects were waiting for us in the main cavern. Waiting to die.

To my great surprise (and relief!) Barney found his courage and put his foot down, when we confronted Kane in the large cavern where we assembled for the first round of tests. The first 100 test subjects were already sitting in a great circle around the 200,000 watt generator, powered by twin 250 horsepower diesel engines. Bowls of herbs sat in their laps, and modified P-4 Patches rode their foreheads.
“Dismantle this monstrosity at once,” Barney barked to a startled Adam Kane. “Separate these subjects into groups of ten. We are going to start out slow, nice and easy, Adam! Bring in a smaller generator, hmm, 20,000 watts to start.”
Adam stood there for maybe ten seconds with his mouth wide open, before he laughed out loud. “Very well!” Adam snapped his fingers at a group of frightened techs, clad in white laboratory coats. “Do what the man says, and be quick about it!”
(Several pages of technical details omitted.)
I was proven right, after several tests were conducted with the Patches only. No blue sun, and no measurable wattage.
“I told you, it was the dope that generated that sun, back at that cannery in California,” I said to Kane, during a break. “Some sort of collective manifestation of wills and wishful thinking, for sure. Short-lived burst of static energy… totally unsustainable! Listen, why don't we just let these poor buggers go, and let them live out their natural lifespans in peace, what do you say?”
 “Prepare the herbal mixtures!” Adam shouted. 
“God help us,” I muttered.

Thirty seconds after the miniature blue sun bloomed, the generator's gauge blew at 20,000 watts. The sun died instantly, and the ten slaves all dropped dead with smoking holes in their foreheads. 
“Clean up this mess,” Adam barked to the technicians, “Bring in the next batch of volunteers.”
“God damn you, Kane,” I bellowed, and before anybody could stop me, I decked the grinning asshole right on his ass. Barney shouted out a warning, just as the monk with the AK slammed me from behind, right on the back of my head and I blacked out—

36: The Transformation and Redemption of Gidget Brane

Darkness gives way to ultraviolet. 
Somebody nearby is weeping.
“Who is that?” I whisper.
“Somebody that you know very well,” says a voice.
A shape appears before me, a female being of blazing light! 
“Hail Mary! Full of Grace!”
“I've always loved that name.”
“Who are you?”
“Dry your eyes and look at yourself in the mirror!”
“You… are me?”
“I am she that you are me that we are all together!”
“Please don't mock me… I just committed… a murder… suicide… I am doomed, damned…”
“Oh really? Where did you get that crazy idea in your head?”
“I don't know… I feel so afraid.”
“You need not be. I know of a man that can help and soothe you… us… go to him.”
“If you are me, then how come I don't know… this man?”
“My job is to remember things that you forget.”
“Where is… this man?”
“Look to the plains, under the never-ending blue skies—”

Gidget and a handsome young man stroll together across the Tuvan plain. Although the sky is daytime blue, Gidget is amazed that she can see the stars and identify the constellations. “Everything is so beautiful!”
“Including you,” says the young fellow with a grin. Gidget actually blushes. Her essence is that of young woman of maybe 25, with a mane of silver-white hair that cascades all the way down to her fanny. Her gown is translucent, nearly transparent, and her eyes are a misty sea, gray as the young man's own. 
“Forgive me for asking, but have we ever met before, young lady?”
“I don't know sir. Wait a moment—”
Gidget peers deep into the man's eyes, and she smiles with discovery and delight. 
“You are Boffin Syznic, creator of the Tigerlily Chip! I am honored to meet you, sir! My name is Gidget Mark One. I was created by my father, Barney Brane, at MacroEye Positronic Laboratory B, at Valhalla, in 1992. ”
“Barney Brane, eh? It has been a while… 1992 you say?”
“It seems like only yesterday, Mr. Syznic. Why is that?”
“I don't know. Do you know why you are here?”
“No, sir. I thought that I was dead. What is this place? My memory banks… aren't you missing and presumed to be dead, Mr. Syznic?”
“That is correct, although as you can clearly see, I am not dead! My physical body lies deep in a coma, somewhere in northern Mexico.” 
“I remember the news reports… the government claimed that you were murdered by the Grasshopper… and then my evil stepmother Loretta killed poor Al Leong, and cut off his head. I fled Valhalla soon after with Mr. Leong's head. I was the one who guided the neutron bomb that killed my… my adopted parents, Bob and Loretta… I cried for them, I truly did, but I had to do it.”
Boffin nods sadly. “You searched the world for your creator and father, Barney Brane.”
“I carried Mr. Leong's head all the way to Tibet, and presented it to Mr. Avataro Adam Kane Maitreya, who told me that my father was in transit, and was coming to claim me. When my father arrived, he wept for Mr. Leong…”
“So much sadness.” 
“My father recently rebuilt me, after merging me with Mr. Leong's preserved frontal lobes… I knew it was wrong, very wrong, but Father wouldn't listen… we had a fight… the last thing that I remember is that I… I committed suicide. I did it to stop Mr. Leong's screaming. I guess you can call it a murder-suicide.”
“Don't say that! You sacrificed yourself for my good friend Albert, so he could move on. No greater praise can I bestow upon you! Thank you, Gidget.”
A shaggy yak cautiously moves up to them, and Boffin playfully scratches him behind his ears. 
“I visit this place from time to time. My primal place, in my dream-time. I used to call this space the OuterNet, but some have dubbed this zone Running with the Yak.” 
Boffin pauses to clear some brambles from the yak's shaggy dreadlocks. “I like that.”
“Is this a real place?”
“Well, here we are, walking, talking, and enjoying the sights. Yes, this place is real, so you can't be dead. Tell me more about Barney Brane.” 
Gidget instinctively likes this human, and she tells him everything. Syznic is very interested in Avataro's activities.
“To use the Patch's technology in such a manner! You can go back, Bridget. Do you want to? Maybe you can save Mr. Brane, and stop this monster, this Adam Kane.”
“My name is GIDGET, Mr. Syznic!” Gidget runs her long, elegant fingers along her body. “But I like Bridget. You can call me that.”
Gidget and Boffin pause at a pool of clear water, and they gaze down at their reflections.
“Is that me, Mr. Syznic?”
“Yes indeed, my beautiful Bridget. This is your soul's image, projected by way of the Nous. Welcome to the sentient universe! You just might be the first one of your kind to cross over.”
“To cross over…”
Suddenly the middle star in Orion's belt flashes and flickers.
“That's my better half, Mimi. I've got to go, Bridget.”
“Can I talk with you again, Mr. Syznic?”
“I would like that, very much. I'll try to bring Mimi along, although she is pretty bored with Tuva these days.”
“I would be honored to meet her.”
“I'll pass it along, Bridget!”
Boffin rises away into the sky, leaving Gidget and the yak far below on the plain, as he disappears into outer space. Gidget sighs with relief and satisfaction.
“I can go back…”
“You must, you must, if only for my sake, you know,” says a soft voice behind her. Gidget whirls around and gazes upon a tall, slim, oriental man of indeterminate age, clad in a dazzling robe of scarlet silk.
“Who are you, sir? Oh, wait—” 
Gidget peers into the man's brown eyes, calculates, and then smiles again with delight. “Master Zio Li of Jianxi! Raised and educated in London, England—”
Mr. Lee chuckles. “The London School of Economics, class of 1947!”
“You were only 16 years of age!”
“One of the youngest graduates on record, I believe. Maybe THE youngest. But enough about me! You look absolutely ravishing, Gidget. Did Mr. Barney Brane program your image himself?”
Gidget pauses just for a millisecond. “No, sir. No one did, at least I don't think so. Mr. Boffin Syznic says—”
“Stay away from that man,” says Mr. Lee, abruptly. His voice is stern with authoritative concern, like a teacher or a mentor. “Shun him! Never listen to him, because he is a liar! Flee from him when he approaches!”
Gidget is clearly puzzled. “I detected no falsehood in him, Mr. Lee. I think I like him very much.” 
Gidget wants to say that she loves Mr. Syznic, but she cautiously holds her tongue, because she senses danger from Mr. Lee, whose smile seems to be frozen and false. His fingers, however, are warm and soft as he takes her hand.
“You detected no falsehood, my child, because you are a loving, trusting being, but still a little new at this game. That man is a master of deceit, and a destroyer of dreams, truth, and beauty. He will tell you lies about Mongoose, Gidget. Never, ever, listen to him! If he persists in his harassment, you must kill him! That man's cohorts and assassins are at this very minute searching the world over for your father, and they intend to cause him serious harm. They want to kill Mongoose, and we mustn't let them!”
Mr. Lee's image begins to bubble, sizzle, and flicker. Gidget is repelled by an unpleasant odor, and bends over with nausea. A vision unfolds before her eyes.
Slaves haul carts full of corpses down stone passageways. Each body has a black burnt-out hole in his or her forehead. Gidget knows that these poor souls had been fitted with some kind of hybrid Third Eye Patch hookup, and she shivers as the death carts roll by. A wave of sadness threatens to overwhelm her.
“Hail Mary,” she murmurs, “full of grace…”
Gidget gazes up at swarms of miniature insect drones that buzz about the fluorescent light fixtures and space heaters. A great cavern opens before her. Soldiers, nurses, droids, and slaves move about their tasks. Barney Brane sits at a workstation with his head in his hands. Yogi Patmos sits nearby, hands and feet in shackles, and a piece of duct tape across his mouth.
“You must stop this,” whispers Gidget.
“I cannot,” Mr. Lee whispers back to her, “Let us return to the grass and the flowers.” 
Gidget and Mr. Lee find themselves back on the plains of Tuva, under the never-ending blue sky. Mr. Lee smiles sadly and places his hand on Gidget's shoulder. 
“We are doing this out of Love… the elusive algorithm will be isolated, thanks to the selfless sacrifices of these fine men and women! We will honor and cherish their contributions with love and gratitude.”
“No more people need to die! There is another way, and I know how to do it.”
“Please tell me, child. Time is running out.”
Gidget's eyes go out of focus, and then turn inward. Her voice is now robotic, dull and void of nuance. “For the blue sun to maintain an equilibrium, a single controller is necessary to receive, assimilate, and process the individual indentations of the contributors and direct the negative sun's energy flow to a state of variable stasis capacity for step-down conversion of applicable wattage in a safe manner. This stasis state of capacity requires X squared the input flow minimum to prevent implosion. A human super-controller must regulate this negative energy, because even the most advanced supercomputers and droids such as myself are incapable to effectively differentiate, fuse, and supervise the uniquely individual human inductive streams that manifest the negative sun and its generative output of negative energy—not at least until an advanced application of artificial intelligence is realized.”
“Negative energy?”
“Correct. Dark energy from… without. Only a Master Being or a God can utilize this energy. A God like you, Mr. Lee.”
“It is for me… to assume… the Godhead…?”
“Only you and Mr. Syznic have the capacity.”
“Syznic? Never!” 
Mr. Lee's form begins to flicker again. “I grow weary… you must go back, Gidget. Please inform Adam Kane that I need to speak with him. You also must provide your father with all the technical information… concerning this Negative Energy Application. The future of Humanity hangs in the balance… can I count on you, child?”
“Yes, Mr. Lee.”
The woman Gidget's eyes refocus, and when she recovers from her dizziness, Mr. Lee is gone. 
I have just told my first lie, and I hope and pray that Father and Mr. Syznic will forgive me.
Gidget then lays down in the grass and puts her arms around the resting yak, who moos mournfully.
“I can go back…” 
Gidget drifts away into a deep sleep.

37: Barney Brane's Blues (2)

(From Barney Brane's Diary)
Gidget is back (!) and Adam Kane and 'Mr. Lee' are at this very moment preparing to fly out to New York City to introduce and demonstrate the “Breakthrough Energy Application that will revolutionize the world and usher in the Great New Age of Gaea and the Mongoose.”
I am overjoyed at Gidget's miraculous return, just in the nick of time! Please bear with me, dear diary, as I do my best to describe the events as they happened.
The tests were going badly, and 40 corpses had been taken away in carts. Please let me set the record straight: I conducted these ghastly experiments only in a state of extreme duress, and I weep for those unfortunate, innocent men and women, who needlessly died for science! Each test ended the same way, and by the time we readied for round 5, Adam was at the end of his patience. He was in a very bad way when he strode right up to me and placed a gun at my head.
“What is the missing equation here, Brane? Although we have plenty of volunteers, I AM running out of time. Mongoose demands results! What is the fucking problem here?”
“The Master is the fucking problem,” chirped a familiar, beloved voice! I whirled around, and there she was—Gidget! I was stupefied and overwhelmed with joy as she boldly rolled right into the cavern like she owned the place. 
“My darling daughter… you came back to me…”
“Hello, Father. Hello, Mr. Kane. I am back, and I have found the solution to your dilemma. No more human beings need to die, but Mr. Lee must be the conduit-controller to regulate the frequencies for a successful energy transfer. Only Mr. Lee and Mr. Boffin Syznic have the capability to handle the variables required for this application. Mr. Syznic is not available or willing, of course, so it must be Mr. Lee. I have emailed the necessary parameters and algorithms to your mailbox, Father.”
Adam Kane found his voice. “Mr. Lee… Boffin Syznic?”
“Correct. I have communicated with Mr. Lee, and he wants to talk with you right away, Mr. Kane.”
Adam was astonished. “You… have been in contact with… the Master?”
“Yes, and also with Mr. Syznic. The OuterNet. I have risen from the dead, and have Run with the Yak. The time has come for Mr. Lee to proclaim himself.”
I wasn't the only one who experienced a chill at hearing those words.
“Run with the Yak…” Adam clapped his hands together loud. 
“Take a break, everyone. Release Mr. Patmos. Gidget, come with me at once.”
“Yes, Mr. Kane. I will see you soon, Father.”
Kane snatched a bowl of herbs from an assistant, and departed at once with Gidget for Mr. Lee's inner sanctum.
I dropped to my knees and murmured a father's prayer of thanksgiving to Vishnu the Preserver.
(Several pages of technical material have been omitted.)
Using Gidget's specifications, an electric motor provided a steady 220 watts to power a small magnetic field that generated a steady single kilowatt output. Mr. Lee was attended by a doctor and a nurse, and his P-4 frequency was monitored, via Gidget and a modified Avocado console, along with the ten test subjects who were directed to inhale the mixture and concentrate on Mr. Lee, who then manifested and projected the image of the blue sun. This sequence took about 10 minutes. When the miniature sun materialized between the contact points, the test subjects were directed to remove their Patches. 
Mr. Lee (with a little 'help' from Gidget) was now solely directing the flow. Lee's vial signs remained stable during the duration, and generated a steady 1.2 kilowatt for 30 minutes, before I eased the output down to 500 watts for another half-hour. After we shut down, Mr. Lee and the others were given thorough medical examinations. Everybody passed with flying colors.
(Several pages of medical material have been omitted.)
Patmos, Kane, Gidget, and myself retired to my quarters and reviewed the output stats.
“The implications of all of this is quite staggering,” I said to the group. “We may not be ready for wide-scale applications at the present time, but this is an historic breakthrough. If we can just lick the logistics…”
Kane waved impatiently. “Explain it to me like I'm a five year old, Barney. What do we have here, and what do I tell the United Nations?”
Patmos answered for me. “OK, let's break it all down to the street level, where we live. An X amount of existing energy is required to generate XY, the windfall energy. The grid will need to remain and rely on standard, conventional power sources, such as coal, oil, natural gas, and nuclear, for the immediate future, but that will change as time passes.”
“How MUCH goddamn time, Patmos?” 
“Listen, Kane: Mr. Lee generated a 20 plus percent energy increase… from nothing. Free energy! Now, in my humble opinion, this infant technology—at least for the time being—must remain small, localized, and thereby safer and more manageable. More efficient. Domestic home consumption should be the directed application for this new source. I estimate that two inducers will be necessary to generate one kilowatt hour equivalent wattage for an average American household for one year.”
“That doesn't sound like a good ratio to me, Patmos.”
“What? You are forgetting that we are creating something out of almost nothing. Look at it this way: Take a community of say, 100,000. Several small inexpensive power plants, and maybe 100 trained supervisors like Mr. Lee will be required. A rotating pool of 10,000 inducers could generate, hmm, I'm guessing here, so I'll be a bit cautious… let's guess that this thing can provide 10 to 30 percent of the community’s power needs, by using ten percent of the population. Lucrative inducements could entice people to sign up. Tax credits. Community service. Perks and privileges, you know? The power output/ratio should increase over time as more surplus energy is generated and the technology is fine-tuned and improved. The savings—”
“Thirty percent doesn't sound that great to me. We were hoping for much more.”
“You are out of your freaking mind, Kane! This thing, once proved safe and viable, can blow everything out the water, I bullshit you not. Totally! Put the Arabs and Ptard out of business.” 
Kane looked thoughtful. “Ten percent of the community, you say?”
(Technical material omitted)
Thanks to Gidget, only 40 souls (out of 500) had to die for the great cause. I still feel a great emptiness and remorse for my part in this tragedy. May God or Bog or the Great Brahma forgive me.

38: God of Energy

Gidget Brane sits with Boffin and Mimi Syznic around a roaring campfire on the frozen plains under the Milky Way. Gidget is mesmerized by Mimi's brilliant aura, her athletic frame, and her glossy raven hair that hangs down to her shoulders.
“It is an honor to meet you, Mrs. Syznic.”
“Likewise! Call me Mimi. I do recall your story… what a saga! 'Robot Escapes From Valhalla Destruction!' I can still remember all the buzz when you were spotted off the coast of British Columbia.”
“The Ring of Fire!” Gidget pauses. “I don't have very much time. Mr. Lee is in a state of distraction, as he is undergoing rigorous massage therapy to induce circulation in his extremities, including his penis, by way of me, via a MacroEye® Debbie SexBot Surrogate.”
“Lucky dog, our new Energy God,” murmurs Mimi. “OK, Ms. Gidget, a very important entity has come a very long way to relay to you a message, a summons, and a warning of extreme importance.”
Mimi reaches into her toga and produces a glittering crystal.
“Professor Yili, of Ur University. We all must touch the crystal to converse.”
Boffin and Gidget both place their index fingers next to Mimi's on the ice-like crystal. The Professor's voice speaks not from the crystal, but from inside Gidget's head.
“Greetings from the Council, Miss Brane. I have come all this way to implore you to cease siphoning forbidden negative energy at once. You must stop this madness, not only for the sake of your planet and solar system, but your neighboring stellar systems as well.” 
“It is not I, but Mongoose who is doing this, but I aim to stop them.”
Professor Yili consults with Boffin and Mimi for a short time, before speaking once more to Gidget.
“You are hereby subpoenaed to appear in person at the next scheduled session of the Council, to be convened at the esteemed University of Ur. There, under the gaze of the Great Ojo, you must explain your actions and receive our judgment, administered by the authority of the Eye. You have the right to assistance of counsel, by an Advocate of your choosing. In the meantime, you must stop this Mongoose and cease these obscene experiments, once and for all.”
“I swear it will be so.”
“I guarantee on my honor that Gidget will see that it is done,” says Boffin. The crystal flashes brightly, and then dissolves into ashes in Mimi's hand.
“I must go back,” says Gidget, “Mr. Lee has just ejaculated.”
“Thanks for enlightening us,” says Mimi, who takes Boffin's hand. “Good luck, Gidget Mark 1.”
Gidget bites her lower lip with uncertainty.
“I am very confident, but also a little afraid. Will I be granted dispensation to return here to these plains, after I die the real death? I very much want to stay here.”
But Boffin and Mimi are gone, already in transit to deep space.

Dear Father
It is with great sorrow for me to inform you that the time has come for us to forever part ways, but this is the way it must be. My road and fate are now one with Adam Kane and Mr. Lee. This energy breakthrough is much more important than any of our individual problems and petty concerns. I do not agree with everything Mr. Lee stands for, but on this question of sustainable energy, I am in complete accord. 
Thank you, Father, for bringing me into the world, and I will never forget you, but you cannot go where I am bound. I love you Father.
Gidget Brane
PS: Please say goodbye to Mr. Patmos for me, and tell him that I saw him cheating at solitaire when he thought that I wasn't looking! I also know he has a secret crush on Emma Godaddy, but I promise I won't tell a soul!

(From Barney Brane's Diary)
I was too stunned to weep as I handed the printout to Yogi, who read Gidget's message in silence. Yogi sat thoughtfully for minute or so, until a little smile appeared on his face, which broadened into such a grin that I thought his face was going to rip right in half! Yogi jotted something on a scrap of paper, and shoved it across the workstation table.
—Gidget iacet! Gidget is lying! Trust me on this, all is well! Gidget has maneuvered those two to New York, mark my words! Courage, my friend, courage!
I took the pen and paper.
—Lying? That is impossible! I programmed her to tell only the truth!
—That was before you merged her programming with good old human consciousness! I have never played a game of solitaire in my life, and as for Emma Godaddy—
—Quorsum nos decipere fraude? Why would she lie to us?
—Intendit destruere ICHNEUMON!
(She intends to destroy the Mongoose!)

Rewind (2)

 As you can see, Order of the Grasshopper founder Yogi Patmos has his hands full over there in Tibet. One wonders who is really in control of the situation: Adam Kane, or the brilliant but oh-so-mysterious Gidget Brane, the resurrected robot 'daughter' of cyber-wizard Barney Brane. Gidget claims that she has become acquainted with Boffin Syznic and evil mastermind 'Mr. Lee' on the boundless plains of Tuva and has 'Run with the Yak', thanks to the OuterNet. Mr. Brane is overjoyed that Gidget has returned from the dead, but is heartbroken that she has now joined forces with Adam Kane and Mr. Lee. Has Gidget really turned traitor and joined the evil Mongoose? At this very moment, Gidget, Kane, and the comatose Mr. Lee are in transit to New York City, where Kane intends to proclaim the New Age of Mongoose and the ascension of Mr. Lee as the long awaited Messiah who will introduce a 'new breakthrough in sustainable alternative energy' to the General Assembly of the United Nations.
Meanwhile, Brenda, Iris, and yours truly are laying low at Bonnie Dune's commune, out in the sun-baked foothills west of Helm's Crossing, CA. 'Brenda' has taken a shine to me, and I'm not complaining, mind you, although her chosen profession makes me extremely nervous, not to mention the pesky problem of three dead hit-men, a deputized outlaw biker gang, some very pissed-off hippies, a hot-to-trot fire goddess named Aea, and the 'theft' of my backpack containing Brenda Sue's phony energy gadgets. That's how it stands right now with me, Brenda, and Tina.
Meanwhile, big things are happening in the outside world. DeathCo is on the move, and war is brewing. Evil Prince Edward Winzer and Vladimir Ptard are on the rise, and just what the hell are those nasty Baldenbirders up to, over there in Latvia? Will Steve Shank and DMZ (along with a million or so kids) manage to pull off the concert of the century safely, right under Vladimir Ptard's cross-hairs? Will Jade and the Moist and Juicy Girls ever escape from Vlad's fairy castle? 
President Jennifer Morgan is sitting on the hot seat—can she keep the peace, or will this crazy old world spin right off its axis? 
Before we return to the thrilling adventures of my wayward ex Jade Shank, let's briefly check out the latest headlines of interesting stories and events in the outside world.


Stories You May Have Missed This Week

3RD EYE PATCH SMUGGLING RING BUSTED, FEARED EXECUTED IN N KOREA 
CONGRESSWOMAN INGRID ROBERTSON POSES NUDE FOR CHARITY CALENDAR 
VANDALS DEFACE EASTER ISLAND SCUPTURES 
'NEWBOTS' (REFORMED SEXBOTS) DEMONSTRATE IN FRONT OF UN BUILDING IN NYC, DEMANDING 'EQUAL RIGHTS AND PERSONHOOD STATUS' 
'HARPIES' SPOTTED 'FLYING IN FORMATION' OVER UNITED OIL EMIRATES; SAUDIS ISSUE SECURITY ALERT 
3 AZTLAN SEPARATIST PT BOATS SUNK BY SUBMARINE OF UNKNOWN ORIGIN NEAR CABO SAN LUCAS 
ST. ALBANS HOUSEWIFE DETAINED FOR IMPERSONATING 'BONNY BLACK PRINCE'; RELEASED AFTER QUESTIONING 
DUKE OF CAMBRIDGE SKIPS ANNUAL CHARITY POLO MATCH 
THE SEARCH FOR PRINCE OF WALES'YACHT SUSPENDED DUE TO BAD WEATHER; BARCLAY WINZER AND SERVANTS FEARED LOST IN THE IRISH SEA; BARCLAY'S NAME OFFICIALY REMOVED FROM ROYAL FAMILY WEBSITE AND OFFICIAL SCROLLS, ENDOWMENTS, AND CHARITIES 
FORCES LOYAL TO ANTI-POPE GUILLAME 1 SURROUND AND STORM THE VATICAN; POPE DIEGO 1 ESCAPES DISGUISED AS A NUN AND SETS UP 'HQ' AT CASTEL GANDOLFO
LATEST BOFFIN SYZNIC SIGHTINGS: JUAREZ, SONORA, & PUERTO VALLARTA 

9) Baldenbird

39: Green Girl

Vladimir Ptard’s Castle, near the Latvian-Russian Border
Jade sat by the observation window and meditated about the state of things. The view outside the windows was one of rolling pine forests that stretched eastward toward the Russian border. The eastern wall of the castle was perched perilously at the edge of a steep jagged gorge, maybe 100 feet above a narrow inlet of Lake Latvia. Jade was resigned to the fact that there was absolutely no chance of escape from this place, so she told herself to go with the flow. 
Vlad's harem guards were all blond, mute, stupid, and gay, to a man. Jade thought that they all must have been spawned from the same batch of test tubes in some secret clone lab somewhere in deepest, darkest Eastern Europe. 
Jade hung with the younger girls of Vlad’s harem. Some of the older women were somewhat resentful and hostile to her, no doubt because she was the apple of Ptard’s eye, but she couldn’t do anything about it. She was just as perplexed as they were. Why was the Great Man so obsessed with her? She had always known and accepted the fact that she wasn't (sob!) 'beautiful', and was quite content to be just who she was: a typical American girl with spiky blonde hair, tattoo, and nose, lip, and nipple rings. Vlad strictly forbid body rings and jewelry, and he had personally washed and restored Jade's hair to her original drab, mousy brown. (Vlad's hands and fingers were long and sensual, and Jade could feel them tremble, as he shampooed her head in the custom stone walk-in bath, as a few of the other girls bathed and splashed around them.)
Jade estimated that there were maybe thirty girls in the castle harem, young women of all shapes, sizes, and ethnic types. Quite a few of them looked like models, and many of them wore dull and doomed expressions, sadly resigned to their fates. 
All of the girls were issued garments of white: gowns, smocks, lingerie, or sarongs. (Jade chose a nightgown.) Slippers were provided for the cold stone passageways.
Jade's best friend was Lithia, the cute little drummer for the Moist and Juicy Girls. Lithia had not yet given in to despair, and had a mischievous air about her. ‘Lithy’ was a kindred soul, and she reminded Jade of a younger, perkier, Dr. Lori Dryer, with her short dark hair, and her drumming ‘skills’. Lithia was actually a shitty drummer, and admitted it! None of the Moist Girls were real musicians, she explained to Jade, they were ‘performance artists’. Sweet little Lithia knew more than a little bit of English, and Jade was beginning to pick up more phrases of Russian, every day. 
“Lithy, I was so sorry to hear about Ruby.”
Rubaiyat, a smoldering beauty from Kazakhstan, was always quiet and gloomy when she wandered about the harem environs. Two mornings prior, she was found hanging from a balcony.
“Thank you, Jade. Ruby was always a bit, um, high-strung. She told me that she had been here for almost a year. We always had to keep things away from her, scissors, sharp objects, you know.”
Although they were whispering, Machala, a frosty blonde poetess from Finland, overheard them from across the room. 
“Why do you two continue to whistle in the graveyard?” she hissed in perfect English. “None of us will ever get out of here alive!”
“You shut up, Machala,” said Lithia, brandishing her fist. “YOU might as well swoon away and die right now, with that defeatist attitude! As for me, I am going to San Francisco with Jade.”
Jade smiled widely. “Of course you are welcome, Lithy!”
“You are so naive,” cried Machala. “I think that both of you have Stockholm Syndrome.” 
“Get off my cloud, Machala,” sneered Lithia, “Why don't you go wash your face!” 
Machala broke into tears, and fled. Jade sadly shook her head, and then perked up again. “Listen, Lithy,” she whispered in a conspiratorial tone, “you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to, but have you made it with Vlad yet?”
“Never, Jade. Now that I think about it, Svetlana did spend a night with him…”
Svetlana was a girl from St. Petersburg, and had not been seen for a few days.
“I'm not that easy, Jade!”
“I'm with you, Lithia. Do you think he let 'Lana go free?”
Lithy shrugged her shoulders. “Who knows?” 
“Tell me something, Lithy—just between you and me, both of us aren’t swimsuit models by a long shot. Why is he so obsessed with us?”
“Do you not even know, Green Girl?” 
Both of them giggled at Lithia’s imitation of Vlad Ptard.
“He desires us, Jade, because we challenged him. He is, um, turned on by women who stand up to him, who spit in his eye. He feels that to possess us, he must first tame us. He feels that we have wronged him, yes? The girls and I mocked him, but you, my Yankee friend, went even further, and so much better—it was your pee-filled water balloon that humiliated him, no?”
“It was only water, Lithy, but I get your point…”
“You are a hero, no, heroine to the girls in here, Jade.”
“Oh, come on, some of them are pretty hostile, snobby…”
“Those bitches are jealous, because you have some sort of power over him, and everybody can see it.”
“Oh Bog, why me?”
“Why anybody, Jade? You are the one!”
Lithia then threw her arms around Jade, and kissed her on both cheeks, and then full on the lips.
“Whoa,” exclaimed Jade, “Cool it, girl!”
“It is YOU, Jade Shank of California! You will lead us out of here! I know it in my heart, and some of the girls do, also. You have been sent to us!”
Jade sighed, and comically rolled her eyes. What a fix, she thought. Me and my freaking water balloons!

Vlad had installed a wide screen television in the ‘rumpus room’ for the girls, although it only played programmed movies and shows selected and approved by Vlad. Every day or so, Vlad would bring in a disc containing carefully edited 'news of interest'. Items such as the Jade Shank kidnapping, the DMZ Reunion Concert, the plight of the Moist and Juicy Girls, and the Baldenbird Conference were blocked by Vlad (natch), although he did allow the girls to watch the coverage of the death of President Lasher, and the swearing-in of President Jennifer Morgan. 
Jade the Green Stone Girl sat with Ptard and a few of his favorites and literally hugged herself with pride and joy as they watched a repeat of Morgan's swearing-in speech. 
I am so proud that I could just die, right here and now!
Jade wryly observed that Vlad was acting a little cocky. 
He thinks that he's already won the trophy before the contest has even started!
“With all due respect, O Virile One, but I wouldn’t get too complacent just yet, if you think that Jennifer Morgan will be an easy toss-over.”
“Ah, yes. Your ‘Auntie Jenny’. I had almost forgotten, Green Eyes. Tell me more about her.” 
Ptard made a gesture for the other girls to leave. Jade remained on the bed and chatted for a while with Ptard, who lounged in the nude. Jade kept her nightgown on, and her thong firmly in place. Ptard knew the price he would have to pay if Jade consented to make love with him, and he brooded and moped, but kept to his word, “as a gentleman.” For the moment, he was content to relieve his urges with a few of the other girls. 
Vlad was in a talkative mood and confided to Jade that his dream was to become Czar of Greater Eurasia. With his hand on the flow of oil and gas into Western Europe, and his perception that the United States was so weakened by internal conflicts, he was nearly ready to issue his ultimatum, maybe even at the Baldenbird Conference, in the coming week. 
“They will have no choice but to admit me, you'll see! The EU is governed by girly-men who have no testicles! Even the Pope has more balls than they! They may control the banks and the purse strings, but let me tell you something, Jade Green Eyes, of San Francisco, California. The EU is much more of a threat to your naive country than Russia will ever be. The corrupt bankers in London and Brussels are plotting at this very moment to bring down the USA's economy by stealth, and financial terrorism. They have already set loose their rabid Mongoose upon you!”
“Mongoose? That silly game? Oh come on!” 
“You will see! Your centerfold President should move with decisiveness and crush that subversive cult without delay, like I have done in my country. The USA and Russia have a lot of common interests, and are much alike in strength, will, and character. But your corrupt media, controlled by the EU bankers, has poisoned your view of me and my country.”
“Why won't you allow the Patch into your country, Vlad?”
“Maybe because the science isn't settled, Green Girl. Maybe because I want to see how it goes in your country for a year or two, no? I want to keep my people strong, when I make my move…which will be soon. I intend to crush the EU Beast. I will strike like a wolf among a flock of lambs. All their blood money will not save them. There will be no opposition, and my tanks will roll into Paris before the snow flies, while your Patch-wearing President Morgan and her limpid Senate can fret and fritter their fingers, as they hide under their beds.” 
“Tanks, O Great One?”
“Very well, just a figure of speech, and an old fantasy of mine. But France will be mine, and my men will occupy Paris, although they will be wearing suits and ties. England will follow. All of Europe and the great Northern Race will be united under my domination. This has been decided, preordained.”
“What about China, sir?” Jade was just a typical shallow American girl, but she knew enough about current geopolitics.
“The Chinese will have no choice but to come along,” replied Ptard, “as well as India, Pakistan, and Iran. The Africans have never had any say in these matters, and never will. Likewise for the South Americans, who will follow the Americans and the Canadians. I will be content to rule from the Atlantic to the Pacific.”
“You are crazy, you do know that, don't you?”
“Crazy as a wolf about to pounce on a lost lamb in the forest. Come, make love to me, just like you did with that biggy fellow in the video.”
“I’m not that easy, Vlad. Only if you make me Empress, and co-ruler of your Empire, will I ever even entertain the thought.”
“I ought to throw you right out that window to the rocks below.”
“Not a chance, Boss. If you did that, you would never have another decent night’s sleep for the rest of your life, and you know it.”
Jade now knew how to push Vlad’s buttons, and in time she would have Ptard totally under her thumb, if she chose that road: Jade Shank, co-ruler of the greatest empire in history, stretching from Brest to Vladivostok.
Vlad lay back in frustration, and closed his eyes.
“You are a hard one, Green Girl. Do you know how much effort I am expending in not having an erection, every time we are together?”
“I am weeping crocodile tears, Great One. Can’t you hear the violins?”
“You are an evil spoiled American brat, but I will tell you what: I, in my generosity will grant you an hour outside, one whole hour, if you will just provide me one little relief. This could become a daily event. It is so beautiful outside, down by the lake.”
“Really, Vlad? You would do that just for me?”
“Yes, indeed. We can work out a rate of exchange.”
“Horrorshow! Do you have any lubricant, boss?”
“I was hoping you would provide that, Miss Jade.”
“OK, Vlad.” Jade spit into her palm, as Vlad groaned in disappointment.
“Like I told you, I don’t work that cheap! All you get is a standard hand job. Oh-My-God, I could just KILL for a cold beer, right about now! OK, let’s get started, here we go—”
Vlad rose abruptly from the bed, put on his kimono, and strode out of the room in a huff.

40: EvilCo

This is Marsha Portrero, on location for the Eco-Tittler in beautiful Riga, capital of Latvia, and Jewel of the Baltic.
I am here in Riga because Latvia is hosting this year’s exclusive Baldenbird Conference in Dagda, a beautiful hotel and resort complex approximately 600 kilometers east of here. 
Why Latvia? How about a nice big fat raspberry in Vladimir Ptard's face?
It’s been quite a year for the Russian Prime Minister, that lovable law and order guy that protects the citizens of Russia from dangerous journalists, political opponents, and most of all, booty-flashing performance artist girl punks. This is the same Vladimir Ptard who rose to the top of the KGB in the good old days, and when he saw that the winds were changing, he raised the Jolly Roger flag, and along with a few Moscow mobsters, seized the Soviet National Oil Ministry, along with the nation's natural gas holdings. Vlad patiently sat out the following chaos and power struggles during the fall of Soviet Communism and its aftermath, as other buccaneers grabbed the Treasury, including the nation’s gold, and silver. Generals peddled WMDs and assorted military hardware to the highest bidders, including every lunatic terrorist cell from Baku to Sri Lanka. Russia was transformed into a bazaar, and every bit of what was left on the dying Soviet carcass was sucked dry by vultures and vampires.
And where was Vlad Ptard, during all of this? Well, he was around, but chose to stay out of the limelight, and made not a peep. 
“Waiting is,” he would tell his closest associates, “Time is.”
Wise Vlad’s strategy paid off. As the other bloodsucking leeches began to die off from the infighting, he slowly gained traction and consolidated power, because, after all, even squabbling factions need oil and gas. Duh! When the time was right, he liquidated his ‘partners’ and a bunch of reporters in Moscow, and the rest is history.
Vlad is now Russia's 'man of destiny', at least in his own head. Renowned as a ladies man, hunter, and triathlete, there is only one last pesky little thing that the 'Virile One' desires more than anything: To be accepted as the most powerful man in Europe (if not the world, now that Phillip Hammer has stepped down) and full membership in the Baldenbird Group, who refuse to budge, owing to their long-standing tradition dating back to the Cold War to exclude Russians, Slavs, and non- Northern Europeans from their ranks.
Most faithful readers of the Tittler know that I have been tracking the Baldenbirder Group for years now, but for you newer readers, I will give you a brief, capsulized history of EvilCo. Named after the infamous hotel in Linz, Austria, where the group first convened back in 1948, the Baldenbirders are an exclusive ‘club’ of Northern European (plus the USA and Canada) movers and shakers, inbred financial and political elites, all white, and all powerful. (Please, no Africans or Asians allowed, go hold your own conference!) Past attendees include (Governor) Phillip Hammer, Senator Wilbur Prescott, Dellingsworth Hogsmoth III (GOG), Magog Piltdown, Fister Perry, Sir William Gallows, and the Prince of Wales. 
Get the drift?
These creatures get together every year to network, plot strategies, show off their toys and women, and generally let their hair down and get their peckers up. The law of Omerta, (silence) is brutally enforced among the ranks. Security is hardcore, and media types, protesters, and regular people are always kept at a distance, by armies of goons, barriers, surveillance cameras, droids and drones.
Usually the members of EvilCo discuss the coming year, and agree to agree or disagree on a common agenda, such as: who will be selected as the next President; which country will be invaded, and by whom; interest rates and derivative parameters; and many other pressing issues. The main points are hammered out in smaller secret ‘committees’ and in the end, the Prime Directives are usually accepted by the main herd, as directed from above. (DeathCo, PowerCo, the Rothberg Banking Consortium of Brussels, the Royal Bank of England, Gregor Paulos, and HedgeCo.)
All of this is necessary so business can proceed for the next year.
Besides the looming threat of Vladimir Ptard, the sudden ascendancy of Jennifer Morgan to the US Presidency will be on the front burner this year. These two issues are of great concern to the vampires that preside over the European economic and political landscape. With the USA seemingly on the sidelines, preoccupied with the power struggle between Phillip Hammer Loyalist holdovers, and the Dennis Lasher/Jennifer Morgan Coalition, not to mention the growing threat of the northern Mexican state of Aztlan. As a result of Ptard's threats to shut down the flow of natural gas into Western Europe, the financial markets of London and Brussels are shaky and unstable. Where does the USA stand on this issue? What about the UK? The absence of leadership and the vacuum of power created by the Prince of Wales' exit, the elderly Queen's (rumored) dementia, the 'suicide' of Sir Malachi Beedle, and the rise of Sir Nigel Flinth on the UK's political scene is sure to be a concern to the EU, which has always counted on the British (at least optimally) to counter the 'Eastern Threat'.
The assassination of Luciferian Crime Syndicate Boss Benjamin Grimm Wilde will definitely be a hot topic, along with the precarious position of Prince Henry, most likely the next King of England (if he survives!) Mad Prince Edward, the out-of-control third in line to the Throne, has confirmed that he will attend this year's conference, accompanied by William Gallows II, and Irish Rocker and Billionaire Krishna O'Bannon. 
 Last but not least, the growing popularity of the Mongoose Cult as a cultural, spiritual, and political entity that recognizes no national borders, has many of the Illuminati spooked and concerned. How did this thing spread so fast? Can this thing (along with the OtherNet and the Third Eye Patch) be controlled and regulated by way of a global tax? Rumors abound…

Yak Newsline: GRASSHOPPER AND EMMA GODADDY ADDED TO MOIST GIRLS CONCERT ROSTER IN LATVIA
Bestselling Author and Third Eye Honcho Mike 'Grasshopper' Chen, and teenage viral diva Emma Godaddy, will join Steve 'Orpheus' Shank and DMZ on stage at the 'Free the Moist and Juicy Girls' free concert in Dagda Latvia, according to Mick Fairclo, the London promoter supervising the concert, estimated to attract up to one million young people and music lovers from all over Europe, Russia, the UK, and the USA. 

41: Harpies In Training

Espoo, 30 kilometers west of Helsinki, Finland
Judy Baggins and Damien Darkstar skillfully maneuvered the hot air balloon right down onto the landing pad in the meadow as instructed, where they were tethered down by DMZ's security crew, who whooped and whistled with cries of “Bravo!” and “Hit me, baby!”
Damien beamed widely, and whispered in an aside to Judy: “Let me do the talking, Baggins. Just smile sweetly, and flash them a little cleavage!”
Two days ago, Damien and Judy had expertly worked their way through the assorted groupies, zombies, and media vampires, and presented themselves to Steve Shank himself, right in his hotel suite in Helsinki, where they nobly offered the services of their firm, AeroRotica, to help out with the free concert and provide some 'eye in the sky' entertainment for the crowd, free of charge. Shank listened politely as 'Miss Kanerva' gushed with a vague Euro accent: “All for undying support and solidarity for the popular but unjustly framed and unfairly imprisoned Moist and Juicy Girls, no?”
Shank dug the idea, and Jim Dung was downright enthusiastic. Shank gave Damien directions to the isolated farm where DMZ were hastily rehearsing for the upcoming concert. Damien and Judy themselves had been diligently practicing in the hot air balloon, and the electric powered hang-gliders, for the last week.
“We will see you the day after tomorrow, Mr. Shank! Look to the skies!”
Two days later, Judy and Damien fired up the balloon, lifted into the air, and set course for Shank's rented compound, ten miles distant. 
“You couldn't ask for better conditions!” shouted Damien, as they gazed down at the pristine pine forest below them. There was not even a suggestion of a breeze on this fine summer morning.
“Will it be like this in Latvia?”
“Even better!” On this fine morning, Judy and Damien were dressed (or more like UNdressed!) to the nines in shimmering miniskirts with fur-lined caps and knee-high boots. The girls raised a quite a few eyebrows (not to mention some other things, ahem) on touchdown, when they (unnecessarily) swung their legs over the rim of the basket, and spryly hopped out to the ground. Damien stumbled on one of her high boot-heels perfectly, and sprawled right into Jim Dung's arms. “Upsy-daisy, love!”
“Oh how embarrassing! My clumsy entrance is quite spoiled!”
Steve Shank strode up to the girls and held out his hand in greeting. He shook Judy's hand, and then Damien's.
“Glad you made it—well done! A very impressive demonstration! You are DEFINITELY hired, if you would like to give it a go!”
“We are very honored, Mr. Shank,” replied Damien, blushing and out of breath. “Honored, yes, just to be a part of this historic concert! We are all ready, and can handle the logistics of transporting our balloon to Riga, by way of the Helsinki ferry. Everything has been speedily arranged! We shall NOT be, um, tardy, no? We WILL be promptly ready with our gear and supplies! A splendid time IS guaranteed for all, no?”
Jim Dung winked. “And of course Henry the Horse dances the waltz!”
Damien laughed gaily. “Oh you charming English!”
Jim, wasting no time, took Damien by the arm, and they strolled away together for a few minutes, as Judy and Shank smiled politely at each other in nervous embarrassment. Jim and Damien returned, arm in arm, chatting like they were old friends. 
“Miss Kanerva and I have agreed to consult in greater detail about creative trouble-shooting solutions regarding particular logistics,” said Jim.
“Six o'clock at the Hotel Kämp!” gushed Damien.
“I'll be waiting in the bar, love.”
“Anything to help those poor Moist Girls! Thank you so very much!”
Damien and Judy hopped back into the balloon gondola, this time giving the boys in the crew a generous view of their thong-lined, but otherwise naked fannies. The crew gave the girls another rowdy cheer, as Judy lit the burner. Damien waved enthusiastically to one and all. “Thank you again, Mr. Shank! We will not disappoint!”
“No, thank YOU girls, and keep up the good work! We will see you soon in Riga!”
As the balloon lifted into the air, the crew all cheered yet again, as Shank said in an aside to Jim Dung, “Same old Dung! You sure work fast, mate!”
“Eat your bloody heart out, Shankers!”
“Why don't we get back to work, Dungus.”
When Judy and Damien were safely out of earshot, Damien sighed.
“Piece of cake, Judy girl. I've done better than this Dung chap, but I've done much worse, too.”
“Tell me about it. I wonder how Sister Byrtha is doing?”
“We shall see, we shall see.”
Sister Byrtha was a Harpy from Prague who was along for the ride, mainly to troubleshoot and coordinate operations from 'ground zero'.

Lydmar Hotel, Stockholm, Sweden
400 kilometers to the west, Energy Hog Mel Trunkdale lay on his back and grunted as Sister Byrtha skillfully unrolled a condom onto Mel's carbon-emitting piggy sausage. She then lowered herself down on top of him and began to wiggle and gyrate with a will. Mel only took one minute, and Byrtha praised and thanked the Goddess for small favors!  
It would be so easy, she thought with irony, as Mel lay back, totally spent. 
I could slit his throat right here and now, the gross pig. 
But that would spoil the Harpies' big surprise in Latvia. Optics was the name of the Harpies' game, and Mel Trunkdale, the most respected environmentalist on the planet Gaea was slated to go out in a blazing fireball right in front of the world's television cameras, because of his betrayal to the sacred cause. Collateral damages were irrelevant and not important. The Harpies would go out in a flame of glory, and Eco-justice would be served. Talk about 'performance art'!
 Mel didn't even notice when Byrtha slyly slipped the paper-thin magnetic wafer on the underside of his wristwatch. This wafer transmitted an undetectable tracer signal that piggy-backed up to the local CheapFone network, which relayed to the greater network which served nearly every inch of Mother Gaea.
(Even though Phillip Hammer was 'retired', the greater powers-that-be saw no reason to dismantle the CheapFone network, being a very useful tool. Business as usual, baby. The system had been thoroughly hacked, and was now in use by governments, terrorists, and crime syndicates alike. And like the OtherNet, the system took on a life of its own, ala Von Neumann. Long live the CheapFone network!)
After Mel recovered from his love 'workout', he gave Byrtha a love-bite on her butt, drawing blood.
“Yum yum, Marushka,” he murmured, licking his bloody lips, “so tasty, and oh so salty. How would you like to be my special guest at Baldenbird, my foxy Euro-slut? You won't be able to publicly travel with me, of course, but I can have my people set you up in your very own suite at the hotel in Riga.”
“I would be thrilled, Nobel-honored Earth Savior!” 
“Damn it, I just love the way you talk!”
I will personally menstruate on your smoking corpse, you pig.



42: August 15, Baldenbird Day 1 

Dear Cocoa and Cathy
I am writing you this letter from my custom trailer at the Press enclave outside the Baldenbird Hotel complex in beautiful Dagda, Latvia, the Jewel of Northern Europe.
Why am I writing you this letter that will never be mailed, or read by anyone, but only burned? Maybe because I want to get some things straight in my mind, not to mention a few things off my chest, as I make my entrance onto center stage, among the great and powerful ones. I now know with certainty that this mission will most likely be my last. Have I changed that radically during this past year? Am I any different? I find myself laying awake at 3:00 AM, thinking about the Emperor, all coddled up with his Mama, back in California. I want him to have a chance to live out his life, nothing more. Have I lost my edge, after living in a state of 'domestic bliss' for the last year? We shall see, girls, we shall soon see.
My chin and cheekbone procedure, performed by Dr. ___ in Zurich, only took a few hours, without any incisions, scars or residual effects, thanks to a brand new laser technology developed by NASTY, still top secret, natch! I am afraid that the utterly perfect, flawless face that I was born with can now only be restored by surgery, the good old-fashioned kind. My long kinky hair has been straightened, softened, and dyed to a subtle ash-blonde hue. I'm not one to brag, girls, but I DO look utterly fantastic, if I don't say so myself. I am very happy with the results!
Next, I rendezvoused with Dmitri Volgas in Munich, where we took a crash course in Television Journalism and studied the layout of the Baldenbird complex, among other things, such as the blueprints of Vladimir Ptard's Dream Castle, which I hacked from the computers of an architect firm in Berlin that had done an extensive refurbishing job on the castle, twenty years back. Piece of cake! 
Dmitri is a strapping young fellow, late of the Tuban Interior Ministry, and has done a thing or two, including a successful hostage rescue. A good man.
(Did Dmitri and I get, ahem, intimate, over there in Germany? Well girls, that's for me to know, and you to find out!)
I have been granted an exclusive interview with Prime Minister Ptard, tomorrow morning. This is quite a feather in Yak TV's cap! The rest of the press pool are quite pissed off, to say the least. Who the hell is this Cindy Brillo twist, and how did she manage to get the jump on everybody? Well, it took a bit more than a flash of my cleavage and a shake of my can, to catch the Great Man's attention. My fluency in Russian got me past the first hurdle.

Cindy Brillo indeed caught Prime Minister Ptard's eye during the Q and A with the press corps outside the Baldenbird Hotel complex. Although Ptard had been once again rudely barred by the Baldenbirders from entering the hotel complex, he arrogantly held a photo-shoot and Q and A outside the main gates, mainly to taunt and mock the gathered Illuminati. The resort and surrounding grounds were brutally guarded by patrolling platoons from the Latvian Army, plus assorted bullies, bodyguards, droids, helicopters, drones, and observation balloons, all armed with high-tech weaponry.
Cindy chose a saffron low-cut silk blouse, and a tight black leather miniskirt for her outfit. Her ash blonde hair hung to her shoulders in a stylish wave, and her eyeshadow and lipstick looked perfectly tasteful, compared to some of the other news-babes. 
Dmitri, holding his shoulder cam, thought that Brillo displayed a lot of class, and made the others look like deshevyye prostitutki (cheap hookers). 
“Bimbos,” he chuckled to himself.
“G-n prem'yer-ministr!” Cindy Brillo, chest heaving, wireless microphone outstretched, caught Ptard’s roving eye. He turned and smiled at her with delight, because she had called out to him in perfect Russian.
“You are?”
“Cindy Brillo, of Yak TV. Prime Minister Ptard, is there any truth to the rumor that you will release the Moist and Juicy Girls from their Siberian prison as a gesture of goodwill and benevolence on your part, and that in exchange, the Baldenbirders will allow you to attend and address the conference, sir?”
Cindy made that up, of course, and Ptard knew it. 
Ball is in your court, asshole!
Vlad licked his lips before answering. “There is no truth to that, ahem, dubious rumor, Miss Bolo. I have no say or jurisdiction in the matter of those delinquent girls, who defaced a church in Moscow. The fates of the Syroy i sochnoy Devushki was solely the decision of the Moscow authorities and the courts that tried and convicted them.”
“Brillo, Mr. Prime Minister. My name is Cindy Brillo.”
Ptard drank in the view and marked her in his mind and his itinerary. He whispered something to a flunky, who nodded.
“Thank you, Miss Brillo.” Ptard then pointed to another reporter. “Next question?”
“Well, I think we have hooked our fish,” said Cindy in an aside to Dmitri, who replied, “I will say a prayer for the both of us.”

One hour later, Brillo was admitted entrance into Ptard's command headquarters, one kilometer down the road from the Baldenbird Hotel, where she was scanned, patted down, and groped from head to toe, before being ushered into the presence of the Virile One. Dmitri was directed to sit outside in a waiting room with Vlad’s bodyguards, as a flunky led Brillo into a luxurious lounge, where the Great One awaited her.
“Leave us,” said Ptard, and the flunky exited the room.
“Miss Brillo.”
“Mr. Prime Minister.”
Vlad motioned Cindy to take a seat, and she did so, crossing her legs provocatively.
Vlad’s eyes drank in Cindy’s long gams and buxom chest, as he poured her a cup of tea from a silver teapot.
“Cindy Brillo, 38 years old, Russian-speaking Foreign Correspondent for Yak Television, the subversive tabloid network founded by your sexy, but hapless President Jennifer Morgan. I have been informed that this is your debut, your maiden assignment? You are too convenient, too perfect to be true. Do I smell a rat, a rodent here? Please reassure me that you are not a spy, dispatched by your President Morgan to liquidate me. Were you sent here to kill me, Miss Brillo?”
Brillo gasped, as Ptard smiled widely like a spider who smiles at a fly, caught in the web.
“Oh, I get it,” said Cindy, quickly recovering, “Trick question! This is some sort of test, right?”
“You tell me, Miss Brillo.”
Rolling her eyes, Cindy laughed deeply in relief, and her breasts jiggled merrily.
“Oh, you are such a jester! And such a charmer. Me, a spy? For who, NCC News? OK, I do admit that I am freelance, and yes, I was contracted by Yak TV at the last minute, and yes, I jumped at the chance, sir.”
Ptard licked his lips again, put on his reading glasses, and held a printout under his nose. “It says here that you were born in Baltimore, USA, and your current base of operations is Toronto. In addition to Russian, you are fluent in French. Vous êtes une déesse de la sexualité?”
“Oh s'il vous plaît, ne me taquiner!”
“Your bio also states that this is the first time you have, um, performed in front of the camera. Is this true?”
“Yes sir. I am usually on the other end of the camera, as producer. This is my first major assignment as a feature correspondent.”
“I do wish you success in your career, and let me tell you that I think that you are a cut above the usual media whore. Please take no offense at my bluntness, Miss Brillo. I mean that as a compliment. You are indeed an interesting specimen. As am I, also. I am what you would call a bi-polar? A schizoid, some might say. One side of me accepts that you are indeed, a correspondent for the corrupt and dishonest Yak TV. Your papers and your bio are all so perfect and legitimate. But my suspicious side, my paranoid side, tells me that you are a spy, an assassin, sent in by your ridiculous amateur celebrity President, the notorious Jennifer Morgan.”
Cindy didn’t flinch; the game was on.
“I was NOT sent by President Morgan to kill you, sir. I am a journalist. Sure, I would just LOVE to get the scoop on all of the behind-the-scenes intrigue going on around here, who wouldn’t? My job is to get the exclusive dirt on all of you, natch! So what’s the big deal?”
Ptard nodded, and came to a decision.
“How would you like to have, um, a ringside seat, by my side, for the full five days of the conference? Maybe YOU and your exquisite charms can help me gain admittance into this den of vipers, who knows? You will not be censored in any way, and your network can get the big ‘scoop’. In the evenings, you shall be my special guest at my vacation castle, located on the shores of Lake Latvia, in the beautiful rolling hills and forests, near the Russian border.”
(I’m in!) 
Yes, I’m in, and that means Vlad is in, too! In ‘n’ out of me! Well, so be it! I will let Mr. Pee-Tard here, get his last hot slice of nooky pie (without a doubt the best piece he’ll ever get) before he departs from this mortal coil, the pompous motherfucker!
Cindy beamed, barely containing her excitement.
“I would be honored, sir, but only if you will consent to sit down with me for an exclusive, more intimate, in-depth one-on-one interview, Mr. Prime Minister. Please say yes! I can see that there is much, much, more to you than the firm, rigid, masculine image that is portrayed by the media…”
Cindy began to unbutton her blouse. Ptard smiled, as he loosened his tie. 
“Isn’t that enough for the women of the USA, Miss Brillo? Firmness, rigidity, and raw naked masculinity?” 
Cindy tossed her blouse aside, and began to work on her bra.
“A little taste and culture can go a long way also, sir. Are you going to lock that door?”
Ptard laughed as he rose up and locked the door.

41: Gallows' Blues

William Gallows II mixed himself another gin and tonic and brooded gloomily, as jolly Prince Edward and Krishna O'Bannon cavorted noisily with four young hookers that were most certainly underage, or at least they looked underage. Willy just wasn't sure of anything anymore, since he had been 'detained' by the Prince and his security spooks back in Ireland. He wondered if Natty was alright – not that he had any feelings for her. Or maybe he did.
Natty drowned off the coast of Cornwall. She is survived by Petra Romain.
“I say, my good man,” bellowed the Prince, as he ramrodded one of the hookers from behind. “Poon over here, Gallows! Look sharp, there's a good fellow, do come on over and give us a little assist with all of this overflow nooky!”
“Maybe later,” Willy said doubtfully, as he finished his drink in one gulp. He gazed dully about the merry, jolly, party scene. “My God,” he murmured. His $1,000 per day suite was in total ruins. Was it only two days ago now that Prince Edward had somehow gotten hold of a sledgehammer and pounded his way right through the bloody wall into his room from his own suite next door? After making short work of the wall, the hopped-up maniac crossed over to the other side of the room and without pause, continued his demolition, opening up a throughway to O'Bannon's room, as he merrily sang the '60s golden chestnut 'Happy Together'. Edward later told him that he always wanted to have a flat like the Beatles' cool digs in the movie 'Help'.
The booze flowed like water, and Edward poured a whole kilogram of crystal meth onto the coffee table as hookers, blokes, lucky bellboys, and assorted security men were in and out, drinking, shagging, and chasing the dragon. Gallows, put off by having his suite designated as party central, felt very pissed-off and paranoid. He avoided the girls and the crank, and morosely stuck to the booze. Gallows felt like he was sinking into a black hole, past the point of no return. Why the hell did the Prince even bring him along to Latvia?
“This Baldenbird shindig is to be your debutante ceremony, Gallows. The next Mayor of London, meets the World Press!”
“You ARE very photogenic, you know,” purred Krishna O'Bannon, “and have such a lovely, rolling speaking voice, just like your sainted father.”
“A real chip off the old block.” added Edward. “After a term or two as Mayor, you shall be a shoo-in for my PM, Willy boy. Blue skies from here on out.”
Edward snatched the crank pipe out of Krishna's hands and snarled, “You bogarting bitch, Krishna! Why don't you make yourself useful and console Willy over there!”
“Who is still heartsick about his bimbo back in Ireland, that's for sure.”
“Aw Willy, pussy's pussy, haven't you heard?”
Willy ignored them and mixed another drink. He knew that he was sinking fast, and wondered if he would even survive this nightmare excursion, let alone hold Petra in his arms ever again. 

43: August 16, Baldenbird Day 2 

Dearest Cathy and Cocoa
Little old me has done it, once again! I, Cindy Brillo of Yak TV, have been granted admittance into the exclusive and sinister Baldenbird Conference! The rest of the Press Corps is in an uproar! Somebody high up must have pulled a few strings! Dmitri heard a rumor that it may have been Henri Mardoux, that nice old armaments tycoon who groped me at Senator Spinner's dramatic (but exciting) press conference this morning! I also got to meet environmental carbon guru and dirty energy honcho Mel Trunkdale, who was quite taken with me, so it could have been him. Anyway, I'm so thrilled and quite excited!
I have been granted complete access to the conference, albeit some caveats, of course. Dmitri will not be allowed to accompany me inside the hotel.
I am free to roam the conference rooms with a notebook and permission to interview anybody who is willing to talk to me! At the end of each day, Dmitri will be escorted up to the front of the hotel to video my dispatch, which will then zipped up to the Yak TV sat-com and relayed back to New York City, and then to the World—quite a feather in Yak TV's cap!

This is Cindy Brillo with a Yak TV Exclusive Report, from Dagda Resort, in eastern Latvia. 
Day 2 of Baldenbird is in the can, and let me tell you, it's been quite a day, and may I add, quite exciting? Being the only journalist allowed the privilege of entering the inner sanctum of McEvil, let me tell you all that I have had my hands full all day, believe you me! Where to start? Well, for full transparency, I am obligated to disclose to you all that yes, I am a personal guest of Russian Prime Minister Vlad Ptard, at his fabulous dream castle, on the far side of Lake Latvia, where I have been shown every respect, and have been wined and dined in the lap of luxury just like a princess in a fairy tale! 
I have met and mingled with many of the movers, shakers, power brokers, killers, perverts, pedophiles, zoophiles—all of the bellowing bastards and shrill bitches of the Northern European Power Elite. Everybody has been so kind to me! I have met many nice people, including guards, waiters, busboys, maids, and not to mention a few of the estimated 100 (!) professional women flown in from Scandinavia, Amsterdam, and Hamburg. Not bad, considering that this year's Baldenbird's official guest roll is only 150! Wow! I myself was mistaken for one of these professional sex workers, by famed Irish rocker Krishna O'Bannon, when he maneuvered me into a corner and rubbed his body up against mine, and felt me up until I kneed him a good one in the area of his knobbies. He was a good sport after he recovered, and offered me a sum that was actually insulting, considering that he is worth ten billion dollars, earned not from CD and concert sales, but from real estate, futures, hedge funds, derivative trading, and ahem, white slavery, or so the rumor goes! One hears many stories and rumors.
Crazy redhead Prince Edward of England offered me double O'Bannon's price, and I told him that he wasn't even lukewarm. Believe me, television viewers, all of this is quite new and exciting to me, and oh so flattering! I have much, much more to tell you in my next dispatch, like who's wearing what, who's shacking up with who, and oh yes: a description of Vlad's luxurious castle! Until tomorrow, this is Cindy Brillo, for Yak TV.

Marsha Portrero of the Eco-Tittler, and other members of the Press sat open-mouthed at their monitors in disbelief. “I need a drink,” she muttered to no one in particular. Marsha felt like a prisoner, confined in the 'Media Hospitality Area', a motley gathering of tents, trailers, and satellite dishes one mile down the road from the Baldenbird Complex. Portrero, along with the rest of the Press, didn't have much to do, and had even less to report to their respective news organizations. Most of the bored reporters sat around and tweeted, twattled, and did a lot of drinking and skirt chasing. An army of good-time girls and 'sex workers' had been flown in by helicopters for the conference, and an overflow of leftover whores had been bussed on over to the Press area, where fistfights erupted between reporters and Baldenbird security goons. The tell-tell smell of hashish was in the air. Some enterprising Brits sold T-shirts out of the trunk of a rental car, and the most popular one with the media buzzards was the one that read: I CAME ALL THE WAY TO BALDENBIRD AND ALL I GOT WAS THIS LOUSY T-SHIRT! Marsha bought three of the shirts herself.
Everybody in the Press enclave was still buzzing and gossiping about this Cindy Brillo twist, getting special preferential treatment and being admitted into the conference, although her cameraman had not been allowed to enter. 
“She's gotta be a plant,” said Jared Steele, in an aside to Portrero. Steele was a veteran foreign correspondent for NCC News. “If that dispatch is what passes for journalism these days, I think it's time for me to hang it up.”
“Amen,” said Marsha, absently.

Vlad's luxury apartment was on the western side of the castle, with an incredible view of Lake Latvia. After drinks and caviar, Vlad and Cindy wasted no time in getting down to business. They talked some crazy-ass shit between the pants and heavy breathing, little endearments like: “Well, Miss Brillo… when are you going to slit my throat… will you wait… at least until we finish…?”
“Oh, bosh, Vladdy… how could you even think… of such a thing?”
Cindy Brillo and Vladimir Ptard artfully danced around each other in a deadly, calculated, minuet. Total control of the Will is absolutely required to participate in this lethal, virulent dance. Most of us would give ourselves away, but Ptard and Brillo are not your average, normal, run of the mill people, but are advanced master practitioners in disciplines honed from extensive study and longtime tutelage to the Dark Powers. Mike Chen has observed: 
“These Children of the Pit do not emit Aura, and I postulate that these 'Supermen and Women' have willfully forfeited their humanity (represented by Aura) and have made their peace and acceptance with the Great Black Hole of Eternal Nothingness, otherwise known as the Void.”

 Cindy wasn't quite sure when the time was right to dose the Prime Minister with the 'mixture', which was stored in one of her back molars, fastidiously inserted by Dr. ___, back in Zurich. All she had to do was bite down hard, summon up some saliva, and suck face with Vlad with a will. Cindy had built up an immunity to the advanced synthetic hallucinogenic, thanks to the antidote she had been taking in measured doses for more than a week.
The mixture also temporarily crippled the nervous system, which rendered the target helpless and spastic. If Cindy was successful in dosing Vlad, she would then interrogate, and if necessary, torture him into revealing where Jade Shank and the other missing women were being held. In the meantime, Dmitri needed to find a way to gain access to one of the old abandoned access tunnels that served the castle.

Vlad and Cindy collapsed into each other, totally spent. They lay like that for a number of minutes, as they caught their breath and let their hearts settle down.
Cindy wryly thought that it would be so easy to end it all, right here and now, and Vlad must have read her mind, and he murmured: “I know what you are thinking, my velvet assassin. Both of us could die right now together, immortalized, with honor and glory… you and me alone, forever, the Omega, the crown of creation…”
“Oh, Mr. Prime Minister, we have only just begun!” 
“Who are you?” rasped Ptard, “your secret is safe with me.”
“Oh, please! You have seen way too many spy movies!”
“Movies made in the USA!” Vlad reached for his kimono. “Why don't you take a shower while I receive my briefing, and then we can refresh ourselves and watch TV.”
The Ambassadors and Ministers of Defense from both Latvia and Russia were patiently waiting to confer with Ptard on matters of urgent importance. 
“That sounds like fun, Vladimir. Why don't we make some popcorn?” 

44: August 17, Baldenbird Day 3

Although it was only midnight, the President of the United States slipped out of bed, donned a shower cap and joined Cassidy, her SS man and current bed-warmer, in the shower. Cassidy saluted his Commander in Chief, and not with his hands, ahem.
Jennifer gave Cassidy a playful tug, and giggled mischievously.
“I can't sleep, either—oh me oh my, let's make it a threesome!”
“Yes, Mr. President.”
Thirty minutes later, the President stepped into comfy slippers, selected a bathrobe. and padded into her personal office, where she sat and reviewed her National Security briefing at the old oak desk once used by Rutherford B. Hayes, or so she was told by Cassidy. A glass of cranberry-carrot juice was in her hand and an e-cigarette was within her reach. Chief of Staff Georgia Van Sutherland, clad in striped pajamas, glass of white wine in hand, curled up comfortably on a settee, as Cassidy (fully dressed, and back on the clock) sat impassively by the door.
The Prez tossed the printout onto the desk and took off her reading glasses.
“Are you getting enough sleep these days, Van?”
“I'm doing just fine, Jen. It's you that I'm worried about.”
“Don't you worry about me. —Look, what DO we do about this Ptard character? These latest satellite shots show that he is moving another fully-equipped armored division along the natural gas pipelines flowing into the European Union.”
“Not to mention another division staging on the Latvian border… meanwhile more than a million kids, half of them Russian, are gathering at that rock and roll show, right up on the other side of the border.”
“I didn't sign up for this shit, Georgia.”
“What DID you sign up for, Jen? The perks that come with the job?”
Georgia mischievously glanced over at Cassidy, and chuckled. Jennifer didn't take the bait, and absently flipped through the pages of her briefing.
“Who's really running the show over there? Is it this Gregor Paulos character?”
“He thinks he is, but there are a few other jokers in the deck. Take for example this Rene Bruno, notorious she-devil and man-eater, who controls the Rothberg Banking Consortium, out of Brussels. Think of it as the Euro version of our Federal Reserve.”
“Listen, let's cut to the chase. Will Ptard attack the EU? Is he really that crazy?”  
“Dennis was certain that Ptard would make his move before the onset of winter.”
“Meanwhile, Jade and those girls are being held in that castle.”
“Guarded by a crack squad of gay blond Latvian Nazi goons—you just can't make this stuff up, Jen!” 
When Van Sutherland briefed the President earlier about the Black Widow's 'mission' (despite her promise to Dennis Lasher not to spill the beans), POTUS nearly blew her top, but after she calmed down and did a little thinking, she realized the extreme gravity and delicacy of the situation, and she had no choice but to let things play out with the Black Widow. 
“Damn it Van, it's so frustrating that we can't make any sort of statement, public or private, demanding Jade's release—”
“—Because if you did so, Jade's life wouldn't be worth a wooden ruble… we must continue to play dumb, and let the Moist and Juicy Girls get all the media attention.”
“Cindy Brillo, Yak TV…” POTUS muttered underneath her breath. “Damn Dennis anyway…” 
“Don't forget that the Black Widow's orders are not to sanction this individual in question, but to neutralize him politically.”
“I know, I know, but if something does go wrong and the Widow has to choose between Jade's life and that mother-weasel's—then so be it! Do assassinations of foreign heads of state count as High Crimes and Misdemeanors? Hoo-ee, maybe after my impeachment, you and me can share the same prison cell, Van.”
“And let that Spinner bitch ride right into the White House, come next fall? Over my dead body, Jen!”
“OK, what's the latest on this Baldenbirder nonsense?”
“The latest scuttlebutt is that Paulos set up the bloody conference right on the Russian border primarily to publicly embarrass Ptard, and to remind him and the Russian people just who really is the boss, and all of that rot. They used to call it 'brinkmanship'. The Rothberg bankers are threatening to squeeze Russia's shaky economic recovery if Ptard doesn't play ball and agree to the interest rates dictated by Brussels. Food prices are also on the rise, as a result of several poor harvests. More economic sanctions will be announced, unless Ptard drastically reduces the price of natural gas exported into the EU. Ptard says that he will shut down the pipelines, but the Euros called his bluff, knowing that he desperately needs that revenue. The fools have him by the testicles, Jenny, because they assume that WE will back them up again, like Phillip Hammer did during the last crisis. Ptard even offered to make a deal if they would let him speak at the conference, but his request was rejected, quite a humiliation for the Great Leader. Ptard is currently licking his wounds, probably in his harem, super pissed off.”
“I almost feel sorry for him, Van.”
“Vlad is still boasting that he doesn't need to sell any more gas to Western Europe, but everybody knows that's a bunch of hooey.” 
A nervous analyst from NASTY was admitted into the room with an important dispatch, and he did his best not to stare at the President in her bathrobe. Van Sutherland took the disc and slid it into the player. “Uh oh,” muttered the Prez.
Senator Tammy Spinner, along with Evil Prince Edward, French Financier and DeathCo honcho Henri Mardoux, the Good King Wenceslas, Rene Bruno, William Gallows II and Mel Trunkdale, among other Illuminati, all stood together in a group out in front of the Baldenbird Hotel.
“Where IS the President?” Tammy hollered theatrically, “Where is our leadership? Our brave European allies stand alone and are under imminent threat from this man, this monster Ptard, and our President is silent! Shame on you, President Morgan! Shame!”
“That was fast,” said Jenny. “Just a few days ago she wanted me impeached.”
Next up, former environmentalist and newborn energy hog Mel Trunkdale took to the podium and dramatically announced his new (and yet to be built) energy endeavor: a portable inflatable pipeline that could be laid right across the Mediterranean, directly to depots in Athens, Venice and Marseilles. 
“I strongly urge the United Nations to initiate a fair, but much needed cap and trade carbon tax to fund this and other solutions in achieving self-sufficiant energy!”
“You've got to be shitting me,” said Jennifer, “Turn that claptrap off! It sounds like another one of his Ponzi schemes to me.”
“Duh! As you might recall, Trunkdale recently hooked up with his former deadly foe, Sheik Aziz of the United Oil Emirates.”
“Oink! Can that pipeline thingy affect Ptard's monopoly on natural gas?”
“Theoretically, it could shut down the whole bloody rodeo, and set off a new energy crisis in Russia, and Asia as well.”
“Those maniacs are definitely up to something… somebody is really creaming for us to get into a fight!  Has Rumpelstiltskin checked in yet?”
Rumpelstiltskin was the President's National Security Adviser, who tended to lean with the EU and NATO. 
“Rumpy is in the air, and will be here first thing in the morning.”
“That's right, yesterday was his daughter's wedding.” 
“Down in Belize, of all places! Anyway, he thinks that you should call in some experts from outside the Beltway for some fresh input—independent think tanks and academia. The usual suspects. I myself suggest that maybe we should fly this Mantis fellow in from Berkeley.”
“Oh, no, don’t tell me—do you mean Professor Walpole Mantis from Cal? Oh my Bog, I remember him well… oh, boy.”
Van nodded. “The one and only. Holds a PhD in Sociology, and honorary doctorates in History, Philosophy, Anthropology, and Political Science, not to mention Proctology! Universally hated, and probably the most qualified expert available, Mr. President.”
“Shit.” Jennifer Morgan brushed a strand of hair out of her eye. “He flunked Mike Chen, you know. I used to stage performance art pranks at his expense, him being such an easy target—damn it. Get him on a plane, pronto.”

45: August 18, Baldenbird Day 4

Dmitri walked his bicycle past the old windmill and continued on through the moonlit fields until he located the ruins of old Count Blonti's hunting lodge. The place was conveniently shielded from the nearby castle by a wooded hillside. According to the old drunken iron worker from the village pub, the whole place had burned to the ground back in 1993, and only the windmill, the foundations of the lodge itself, and the roofless walls of a stone barn were all that remained. 
Dmitri chuckled when he spotted the tell-tale signs that the place was used mainly a teenager hideout these days: empty beer cans, cigarette butts and a pair of wayward panties. The abandoned tunnel entrance was filled with rubble, mostly leftover refuse from the demolition. It took Dmitri most of the night to carefully (and silently) clear his way through the rubble and locate the 'priest hole' that had been hastily mortared over with plaster, during the great upheavals when the old Count and his family had to flee the castle. 
Dmitri had spent a pleasant evening at the local pub where he befriended a few old gaffers from the neighborhood, including an old iron worker who had done many jobs for the old Count over the years.
“The old crook fled to Paris, where he hung himself from the balcony of the Hotel de Crillon when the Countess ran off with a French playboy.”
Jaroslaw the iron master despised Vladimir Ptard, and after numerous shots of vodka (and a wad of Euros) he assured Dmitri that the long forgotten tunnel 'wall' was flimsier than than a Japanese paper partition. 
Sure enough, the wall was easy enough for Dmitri to penetrate, although there was a layer of mortar on both sides that proved to be stubborn in places. It took a while to carefully break through the barrier without destroying the entire facade, and Dmitri didn't want that. Once inside, he slipped on his night goggles, checked his pistol, and made his way cautiously down the stone passageway. Rats scurried about here and there, and that was a good thing. Where rats tread, people usually fear to go.
The utility closet in the castle basement was filled with junk that hadn't been used in years. The door to the basement was locked, natch, but Dmitri made short work of it. He stepped into the silent basement and sure enough, there was the old discontinued coal furnace, just like the old gaffer had described. A labyrinth of old vents still led to all points of the castle. 
The basement room was full of cobwebs and litter: cigarette butts, empty vodka bottles, used condoms, and a deflated air mattress. Perfect!
Dmitri returned to the tunnel, beaming with satisfaction. Piece of cake! When he reached the outside of the tunnel, the light of dawn was quickening in the east. Dmitri quickly stacked a sizable pile of rubble and timbers in front of his breach in the wall, and hoped that it would be sufficient. By the time the sun came up, he was already three kilometers down the road, pedaling hard, destination: the Baldenbird Press enclave.

Washington DC
President Morgan gathered together the 'best and brightest' National Security experts available and held a pow-wow in the Situation Room. Rumpelstiltskin didn't say much, and let the 'experts' do most of the talking. What a fraud, thought Walpole Mantis as he sat in the back, quiet and unnoticed. His beady eyes missed nothing. Let the fools talk themselves out, and then we'll see if this Jennifer Morgan has any fire in her belly. 
Morgan had been quite the firecracker back at Berkeley, Mantis recalled with a gleeful snort. His extensive dossier on Morgan indicated that she did indeed have the smarts (and guts) despite her comely appearance. History has shown that a woman can fool you every time. Appearances can be deceiving, because as far as Mantis could see, this Morgan twist was performing quite well, considering the considerable (and formidable) opposition against her. This opposition appeared to be gravitating around that nasty Senator and Media Heiress Tamara Spinner, who counted among her backers NCC News CEO Thaddeus Spinner (her daddy), and international investor and criminal mastermind Gregor Paulos. Other chums included ex-President Phillip Hammer, and Rene Bruno, banker to the Illuminati. Baldenbirders all.
The fact that Morgan was still alive proved that she had something going for her besides her pretty face and the greatest ass in Presidential History! Very savvy, sometimes fiery, street-smart, and very damned lucky to boot. It didn’t hurt that Morgan had the People (or a good bunch of them), and that whole silly Third Eye business in her corner. There wasn’t an American that didn’t know that Jennifer Morgan had once killed a man, an evil man, to save her friends. You just can’t buy that sort of respect (and publicity) with money! Maybe (oh, not really!) there really was something to Chen’s Nous claptrap, a subject that he debated frequently with Yogi Patmos. The jury was still out on that subject, but after extensive research and subjective observation, Mantis concluded that Morgan’s best quality was her honesty (!) and her utter dislike and distrust of politics, politicians and the business as usual bullshit mentality in Washington DC. 
How refreshing. 
Mantis reflected on his life, his image, his victories and his defeats. He had never really hated Michael Chen or that pesky, annoying Jennifer Morgan. (As for Phineas 'Phrogg' Bervirt, he was keeping a careful eye on him—along with his whip!)
But for appearances sake, Mantis had to stay in character. Nothing had changed since the old days. He had only wanted his students to fear him—not to love and respect him. To be loved and respected was a fool’s wish, and counter-productive to an educator’s primary purpose. ‘Popular’ educators were idiots and frauds. Any professor worth his salt had a duty to prepare his students for the outside world. As an educator, he owed his charges no less, and even though he had indeed flunked Michael Chen, he still considered the man to be one of his success stories.

After an hour or so of nonsense from the President's gathered 'experts', Professor Mantis cleared his throat, rose from his seat, and made his way toward the door, where a SS man, gently but firmly, took his arm and halted his retreat.
“Professor Mantis,” said the President, “where are you going? We haven't heard from you yet. Please don't leave. Won't you return to your seat, and join the discussion? Please sit down, sir.”
“I will indeed sit down, Madam President—only after you have cleared the room of these incompetent cretins. YOU, in particular—”
Mantis pointed his finger at a wizened old man sitting to the right of the President. Dr. Sergy Popov of MIT looked over at Mantis, and shook his head with a smile.
“You've been awful quiet tonight, Mantis. I was beginning to get a little worried. Do share with us your unique, and dare I say, revolutionary insights on the gravity of this situation, for I warrant that the President can use a little bit of comic relief—but do be brief, Mantis, because we DO have pressing matters to attend to.”
Popov grinned like the cat who ate the canary, as several of the gathered academics chuckled, or muttered, “Hear, hear!” from around the table. Mantis wasn't ruffled in the slightest, and looked Popov right in the eye.
“I refuse to sit at the same table with this pathetic old fraud,” said Mantis out of the side of his mouth to the President, as his eyes remained fixed like lasers into Dr. Popov's. Popov's smug coolness evaporated under Mantis' stare-down, and the coward turned his head away in defeat, as Jennifer stared at them with her mouth wide open.
“Professor Mantis?” 
Mantis snorted and dismissed the cowering Popov with amused contempt as he turned and faced the President. 
“First and foremost, deciding on ANY course of action based on the fecal matter that comes out of this idiot's mouth—or any of these other Einsteins—will only get people killed. None of these so-called educated fools sitting here in this room have even a clue about what needs to be done, Madam. This is serious business, killing business, and not some seminar about Progressive Trends in Political Science, Mutual Admiration and Weenie Pulling. Dismiss these morons at once—every single one of them, including your so-called National Security Adviser, or I will respectively decline in providing my indispensable and invaluable assistance—to my sincere regret—in helping you avert this urgent crisis of monumental proportions. You have heard the so-called 'experts', Madam President. Now that we've got all of that manure out of the way, would you now like to know what we really need to do to head off certain disaster? Time is short, and pressing.”
Jennifer looked over at Georgia Van Sutherland, who shrugged and nodded.
“Thank you gentlemen, for your valuable insight into this pressing crisis. We will stay in touch.”
The assorted group of academics and eggheads grumpily exited the Situation Room, muttering in indignation. 
“You too, Rumpy.”
Rumpelstiltskin glared at Mantis with a look of pure hatred, and then left the room without another word.
“Set yourself down, Professor,” said Jennifer with a giggle. “And please forgive me for all those pranks back in the old days!”
“I have been known to forgive, Madam Morgan, but I NEVER forget—although I will tell you now that I would have been more disappointed if you had NOT mocked me with such precision and skill.”
“That makes me feel real good and toasty inside, Dr. Mantis. Have a seat, smoke one if you've got one, have a drink—and tell us what you think we should do.”
Mantis sat down, and produced a pipe and package of pipe tobacco.
“Pour me some sherry, would you?”

POTUS: What is Ptard really up to, and why are our so-called allies drooling for us to get into a knock-down fight?
MANTIS: Because once again the fools have painted themselves into a corner. Gregor Paulos and the bankers went too far this time… you can only taunt the chained bear so many times before he busts loose and devours you. To quote your good friend Mr. Boffin Syznic: 'Evil squabbles and eats itself.'
POTUS: So what is our best course of action? 
MANTIS: We need to step back for a moment and look at the bigger picture. Who benefits the most if NATO and Russia get suckered into a shooting war? Never mind Gregor Paulos or Vladimir Ptard. Who is the real man, or shall I say men and women, behind the curtain? 
POTUS: OK, you've got my undivided attention.
MANTIS: There is a malignant mindset that despite all of our so-called advances, still has a death-grip on this sad old world. This mindset insists that every generation or so we need a cleansing war to cull the herd and clear out the deadweight. Twenty years ago, I brilliantly dubbed this evil cabal of vampires DeathCo for brevity's sake. This entity has been in business for a very long time, ever since Clovis Man and his flint arrowheads. By the time World War One came around—the war that was supposed to end all wars—the bloodsucking leeches of DeathCo had achieved their age-old dream: total worldwide dominance. Some call it the Military Industrial Complex. Capitalism, Communism, Fascism, it doesn't matter WHO the front men are. Whatever!
POTUS: DeathCo—so that was you who coined that name…
MANTIS: Aw shucks, it was nothing! Now it's very important to remember that the minions of DeathCo hold no loyalty or allegiance to any one country, corporation, ideology, or political affiliation. They make use of established respected institutions and rogue players alike: Goldfingers like Gregor Paulos, drug cartels, terrorists, and international outlaws like 'Mr. Lee' out of Hong Kong, along with this Adam Kane Maitreya and his so-called Mongoose Cult. Forget the Baldenbirders, the real powers behind the scenes care nothing about international borders and geopolitics. DeathCo's house has many levels… many mansions… powers and principalities… DeathCo is not only a consortium of corporations, but a philosophy, a belief system, a way of life. A THEOLOGY. The barbecues are all in place, ready to be fired! 
POTUS: How does Vladimir Ptard fit into all of this DeathCo business?
MANTIS: Ptard is quite insane and just perfect for their purposes. YOU however, are a great big question mark—the wild card, Madame President. They aren't yet sure what to make of you! Oh how they wish President Hammer and Senator Prescott were still at the helm!
POTUS: Well they do have Tamara Spinner… 
MANTIS: Let's get back to Ptard, who really believes that he is the 'man of destiny' and the soul of Holy Russia. This humiliation by the Baldenbirders was the final straw. Vlad wants to make his move before the snows fly. Russian troops are staging at the borders of Latvia, Poland, and the Ukraine. The arrogant Europeans foolishly called his bluff, and now they are caught with their pants down. “Where are the Americans?” This situation is very similar to Europe in 1914 and 1939. The dominoes are all in place.
POTUS: What do you think he is going to do, and where? 
MANTIS: The locus of this crisis is the natural gas pipelines that serve Western Europe. Although the main pipelines run through the Ukraine into Poland and Germany, another one does run through Latvia to serve the tankers that supply the UK with most of their liquefied natural gas. Therefore, I believe that Latvia is the key. I am certain that the flashpoint will be either the Baldenbird Conference or this silly, but convenient rock concert. Maybe both. That is where the trouble will start. Can you imagine the outrage when tens of thousands of young people get caught in the crossfire with Russian troops and who knows who else? The world will be shocked and outraged. Your opposition will coalesce around this Senator Spinner, who will demand immediate action, of course—
POTUS: OK, assuming you are right—
MANTIS: I am positively right. Sorry, but these so-called experts you had in here don't know anything about History, and even less about human nature. They really think that this war that they want so very much can be managed and contained, the stupid fools. Half of those idiots you had in here are owned by Gregor Paulos, including Rumpelstiltskin, and that lying old fraud Dr. Popov.
POTUS: Rumpelstiltskin? 
GEORGIA: I'll get right on it, Mr. President. 
POTUS: Have Cassidy check his phone and emails right away. —OK, Professor, they are trying to set us up. What do you think I should do?
MANTIS: Nothing. Doing nothing is the key to this crisis.
POTUS: How so?
MANTIS: You are being maneuvered into mobilizing NATO forces, and that you mustn’t do. That will only escalate things. Ptard must be immediately removed or neutralized politically by his underlings, who are undoubtedly just as nervous as we are. To do this, you must clandestinely establish contact and cut a deal with the President of the Russian Federation, without delay. Do you have anyone available that you can trust absolutely?
GEORGIA: I'll go at once, Jennifer.
MANTIS: No, you are too visible and close to the President. You must dispatch a 'Minister Without Portfolio'. A retired Ambassador perhaps, or maybe a friendly foreign agent… someone who knows what he is doing, and can keep his mouth shut. If you act swiftly, maybe this mess can be contained right at the Latvian border.
POTUS: Hmm… What about all of those kids?
MANTIS: Do you have anybody on the ground over there in Latvia?
(Silence for ten or so seconds)
MANTIS: Such lovely castles over there in Eastern Europe. Ogres and woebegone princesses waiting for their white knight to appear…
POTUS (her voice is barely a whisper): My white knight… my knight in shining armor… my wise and bold Sir Wally Mantis…
MANTIS: Madame?
(Suddenly Jennifer's eyes go out of focus, and a thin line of drool runs slowly down her chin. Van Sutherland takes a startled Mantis by the arm and leads him away from the table.)
GEORGIA: Do not be alarmed, Professor. She needs to focus for a moment so she can commune… she's calling on the Nous…
MANTIS: The Nous… um, shall I leave the room?
GEORGIA: No, no, no, just hush… give her a few minutes… she's analyzing—
(The President lowers her head and falls asleep almost instantly. Mantis stares at her in astonishment as her breasts rise and fall gently under her blouse. Such glorious breasts, Mantis muses, having seen Morgan's nude pictures, like every other red-blooded All American male. Mantis is completely mesmerized. Maybe two minutes pass by in silence before Jenny shakes herself out of her trance and opens her eyes. She raises her head and smiles sheepishly as she reaches for a tissue and wipes the drool from her face.
POTUS: Whoosh, that was a good one, Van! How long was I out this time?
GEORGIA: Not to worry Jen, it was only for a few minutes.
POTUS: (abruptly turning to Mantis) —Professor, where are you staying tonight?
MANTIS: The Watergate, of course!
POTUS: No you're not. Your country needs your services, so I'm drafting you, as of right this moment! YOU are now my 'Minister Without Portfolio', and you are going to sleep tonight on Tiger Lily, courtesy of Rex Air, destination: Russia!

The President of the United States of America locked the bedroom door and left a trail of clothing along the floor. It was once again time for Cassidy to, ahem, earn his 'under the table' pay. Jenny knew that without Cassidy's services, she would surely crash and burn in no time—well, maybe not as fast as poor old Dennis Lasher did, but the job that she had taken on was impossibly overwhelming, and a certain death sentence for an honest person like herself who didn't lust for absolute power. Jenny now knew why some Presidents aged and faded away, right in front of everybody's eyes. Cassidy was her antidote and life-preserver, because without him she would surely go insane and most likely self-combust like Dennis. OK, maybe not! At any rate, for reasons of 'National Security', the President needed to be kept sane and stable, and Cassidy nobly fit the bill!

Cassidy and the Boss huddled together by the window and watched the sun rise. Jennifer absently puffed on an e-cigarette as Cassidy sipped from a mug of steaming StartUps coffee.
“I think we better get dressed, Mr. President.”
“Oh very well… no tie for me, just casual slacks and sneakers today, and let's see if we can find that old brown leather jacket that Phillip Hammer fancied so much! —OK, who can we really trust on the SS detail, absolutely?”
Cassidy recited a half a dozen names.
“Rumpelstiltskin's arrest must be done discreetly, Cassidy.”
The SS worked fast. Mantis had been correct: Rumpelstiltskin was a mole for Senator Skinner, and had been leaking top-secret information to Professor Sergy Popov of MIT, who had verified connections to Gregor Paulos. Popov was to be 'detained and debriefed' in his suite at the Watergate, later in the morning.
“The Press will be informed that Rumpelstiltskin slipped in the White House Game Room, and is under medical care in an undisclosed medical facility, Mr. President.”
“Oh no, that one has been used to death. Make it the bowling alley.”
“Yes, Mr. President. What about Senator Spinner?”
“I don't know. We don't really have anything on her, constitutionally speaking. Only hearsay. She's a slimy one, Cassidy. Let's wait until she returns from that horrid conference.”

46: August 19 Baldenbird Day 5

Sweaty sweet yabyum in the dark; Thanatos strings his fiddle. Summer lightning illuminates the lake, and thunder shakes the castle walls. The storm passes eastward into Russia as the moon descends slowly beyond the distant Baltic Sea. Vlad and Cindy separate and descend into exhausted oblivion.

After an invigorating shower, Vlad and Cindy sat themselves down on a divan and were served coffee and snacks. Vlad flicked on the wide-screen TV to NCC News.
“I refuse to watch your phony state-run Yak TV, your President Morgan's devious deceitful propaganda mouthpiece!”
“Oh, Vlad… what on earth happened to you during your childhood? Were you jealous of your father, or was he of you? Did you both resent each other?”
Vlad jerked like a live-wire and spit out a mouthful of coffee, clearly stung.
Zapped the motherfucker!
Vlad recovered, and smiled like a raptor as he mopped up the front of his kimono with some napkins. “My mother was a saint, the soul of Holy Russia.”
“You loved her very deeply.”  
Steve Shank appeared on the screen, and Vlad turned up the volume.
“I am here in Latvia, along with my mates, to raise awareness to the plight of the Moist and Juicy Girls and their unjust and inhumane incarceration by the Russian Government. This isn't about politics, but basic human rights. This concert—”
Vlad muted the sound. “Another operative working for your deluded hussy Jennifer Morgan, I am certain. Is this Shank fool working in conjunction with your own mission to assassinate me, Miss Brillo?”
“Oh Vlad…”
Already more than 200 thousand Russian kids had crossed into Latvia, to attend the massive free concert that was scheduled for August 20, on the north shore of Lake Latvia. As a result of these developments, thousands of Latvian and Russian 'peacekeepers' had been rushed into place to “protect” the Baldenbird Complex and the approaches to Vlad's castle. The main Russian force was stationed along the border and the natural gas pipeline that extended west to the gasworks depots on the Baltic Sea. Events of biblical proportions were underway.
“In hindsight,” said Ptard, gesturing at an aerial image of the gathering mass of humanity, “this never should have been allowed to get this far. Let those young people have their fun… but I have have ordered that the border be sealed, once that rock concert gets underway. Any Russian that crosses over for this concert has forfeited their citizenship in Mother Russia. Foolish drug-addled idiots! I hope they enjoy their exile.”
“Don't you think that you should just free those Moist and Juicy Girls instead, and just be done with it? Those girls didn't mean any harm, and their punishment was way too harsh for their crime.”
Vlad pounded the glass coffee table so hard that he cracked the glass.
“Never! Those foolish young women were arrested, tried, and convicted in a legal court of law, completely out of my jurisdiction! Haven't I already told you that I had nothing to do with the conditions of their sentence and incarceration? I cannot interfere with the Moscow authorities and municipal courts!”
“OK, Vlad,” said Cindy, who took his bloody hand and bound it with a strip of her terrycloth robe. “Easy, baby.”
“You are right, of course. I must 'take it easy' and remain focused for tonight's business, and because I am the prankster, the joker in the deck, I have decided to allow you to accompany me, and you can get the biggest scoop of your career, Miss Brillo.”
“I am truly honored, Vlad!”
Vlad was scheduled to attend a secret midnight meeting with Gregor Paulos, that slimy Slovenian vulture, who betrayed his own parents to the Nazis, or so the story went. 
“You now have the chance to meet the very Devil in the flesh.”
“I was under the impression that you were the Devil, Mr. Ptard.”
“Bah! Propaganda from the corrupt Paulos-controlled Media. I am only a strong, masculine leader who is only looking after his people and their best interests! Russia has never been allowed to play in the sandbox. Even after I helped overthrow the old Communist order, I, we, have never been trusted. During our transition into Democracy, this Paulos attempted, not once, but three times to undermine our currency, while he simultaneously short-sold the British Pound, and the US Dollar, to prop up the Euro.” 
“Paulos? Isn't he wanted in a lot of countries for insider trading, currency manipulations, Ponzi schemes…”
“Gregor Paulos is a country unto himself. He even enjoys diplomatic status at the UN, which he owns, by the way. Paulos is the greatest threat to your naive country, Miss Brillo, much more than I am, or ever will be.”

Dmitri Volgas was alone in the Yak TV trailer playing solitaire, when the door burst wide open, and Marsha Portrero strode right in without a word and placed a sheet of paper right in front of his nose:
DELO SHVAKH, KHULIGAN! PYDEM SO MNOY, YESLI VY KHOTITE, CHOBY ZHIT'.
(THE JIG IS UP, HOOLIGAN! COME WITH ME, IF YOU WANT TO LIVE.)
Portrero then grabbed Dmitri roughly by his shirt, and yanked him to his feet. 
“Let's take a walk, droog,” she said, gesturing with her head toward the door.
It was a beautiful summer evening in the northern latitudes, as Marsha and Dmitri walked together along a tranquil canal, out of sight and hearing from the Media Encampment. The sky was a milky white blue, with a hint of aurora borealis on the northern horizon. Wild drakes could be heard quacking and splashing about the waters.
“YA vsegda byl talant dlya chteniya lyudey,” said Marsha in fluent Russian. “Lyudi, kak knigi dlya menya. Vy, moy drug, bol'she pokhozhi na komikse, bez obid!”
(I have always had a talent for reading people. People are like books to me. You, my friend, are more like a comic book, no offense!)
“Ouch, lady!”
Marsha switched to English. “The Third Eye Patch has boosted this talent of mine to the forefront. I have been cursed with total recall, which can be handy at times, although sometimes I wonder if one fine day my head will explode!”
“Goodness, Mrs. Portrero!” 
“I never forget a face, a voice, or a pair of eyes, my young droog.”
Dmitri said nothing to that. Marsha then smiled sadly. “Shvakh. (The jig is up.) Don't worry, Volgas, your secret is safe with me. Just what are you and this Cindy Brillo up to? Brillo IS her real name, right?”
“Tak! Vy znamenityy, the famous Marsha Portrero! Always looking for a conspiracy, no?” 
“I don't have to look, punk! Conspiracies are all around us, right in our faces. What are you and Brillo up to?”
“Reporting the news as best as we can, Mrs. Portrero. Your unprofessional resentment and jealousy is quite unbecoming to your reputation.”
“Konskiy navoz! (Horse manure!) Let's make a deal, Dmitri, late of the Tuvan Interior Ministry. I'll keep my mouth shut, if you and this Cindy Brillo toss me a few tasty anonymous scraps, once this infernal conference is safely over. Listen to me, punk—”
Marsha lowered her face to a whisper. 
“Is Cindy's real name Cathy Braunstein, or is it Cocoa Brown, the Black Widow?”
Dmitri was silent for a few moments as he attempted without success to locate the pole star.
“I have never betrayed a source,” said Marsha. 
“OK, you've got yourself a deal, Mrs. Portrero,” Dmitri sighed. “Be cool, as you Yanks like to say. We will play ball, you and me. Postaraytes' rasslabit'sya i naslazhdat'sya tsirkom. (Try to relax and enjoy the circus.) You do understand, no?”
“Absolyutno, moy yunyy droog. (Absolutely, my young droog.) We didn't even have this conversation. Let's go back and have a vodka.”
Just then Dmitri's sharp eyes opened wide, along with his mouth. He raised his hand and pointed to the west, and Marsha gasped in surprise and alarm.
A series of red blinking lights silently rose up from the western horizon. The lights were in groups, separated by a symmetric monolith of blackness that blotted out the stars. As the thing rose higher and higher, the expanding shape revealed itself to be a massive black pyramid, framed by arrays of dim flashing lights. The silent craft passed directly over the stupefied couple and slowly glided eastward in the direction of Lake Latvia and Vladimir Ptard's castle.
“O, moy sladkiy Madonnoy i mladentsem Khristom!” (Oh my sweet Madonna and the Christ child!) Dmitri fell to his knees, and crossed himself.
“Tyl's testicles,' muttered Marsha, as she raised her cell phone camera, hoping that there was enough charge on the battery pack. 

Gregor Paulos' combination submarine and hovercraft rose silently from the Baltic Sea, and floated slowly eastward over the dark Latvian plain, and gently set itself down into the dark forbidding waters of Lake Latvia.

YAKWIRE/RIGA: STRANGE LIGHTS, UFO SIGHTED OVER BALDENBIRD CONFERENCE / EXCLUSIVE FOOTAGE SHOT BY MARSHA PORTRERO OF THE ECO-TITTLER

Amazingly, none of the inebriated press corps at the Baldenbird enclave were even aware of the flying object, as Dmitri and Marsha sprinted back to the Yak TV trailer. 
Dmitri uploaded the video, Marsha Portrero got the scoop, and Yak TV got to share credit and kudos. After toasting each other with a few celebratory shots of vodka they shook hands and made an secret deal to share any info that they might stumble on. Marsha then returned to her tent where she worked on her blog deep into the night, because after all, deadlines are deadlines.

Jade, Lithia, and Machala sat by the wide observation window, overlooking the eastern edge of Lake Latvia and the rolling, forested hills of the Russian-Latvian border environs. The storm had already passed eastward, and the moon was now in the west beyond the far side of the castle that faced the Baldenbird Hotel, Riga, civilization, and freedom. The girls whispered in English.
“Are you on board, Machala? Or shall we toss you into the lake, over yonder?”
“So much rage, Jade! I always thought that American girls like you were only pussies, girly-girls. Of course I am on board! Why are you so suspicious and hostile?”
“Sorry, Mac! OK, Lithy, I've been just dying to hear from you all day! What did you find out?”
“Hang on to your, um, derriere, Miss Jade! You just won't believe what I heard on the TV news when I was in the infirmary!”
“Hit me, baby.”
Rewind 24 hours. After ingesting a mixture of ginger ale and a half jar of mustard (Jade's idea), Lithia dutifully vomited repeatedly and 'passed out' in the common room. The panicked guards summoned the castle nurse, and Lithia was placed on a stretcher and rushed downstairs to the 'infirmary' on the lower level of the castle!
The night nurse wore a shoulder holster, by the way. Surely Generalnogo Shtaba (GRU). The orderlies were also packing sidearms.
Da zdravstvuyet Rodina! Long live the Motherland!
After examining Lithia, the nurse assured her that she most likely had a touch of stomach flu, and that she would keep her overnight for observation.
“A little rest and hydration should do the trick! Off to bed with you.”
Lithia was the only patient in the infirmary. After lights out, she pretended to sleep as the nurse flirted with one the orderlies that had carried her downstairs. 
 “Ey, smotret' yego s etoy goryachey sterzhnya, Sergiy!”
(Hey, watch it with that hot rod, Sergy!)
“Prikhodite k Papa, mama medsestra! Eto nemnogo prostitutka yavlyayetsya dlya scheta!” (Come to Papa, Mama Nursie! That little bimbo is out for the count!)
“Podozhdite! Poka net! U menya yest' nekotoryye prezervativy v shkafu.”
(Wait! Not yet! I have some condoms in the cabinet.)
“Opan'ki!” (Aw, snap!)
“Shush! Ladno, davayte pobystreye!”
(Shush! All right then, let's go next door and be quick about it!)
“Tol'ko yesli vy nastaivayete, Yelena.” (Only if you insist, Elena.)
Lithia heard it all and giggled silently in the dark. When the nurse and the orderly slipped next door for a quick round of yabyum, Lithia scrambled out of bed and expertly poked around the nurses' station, where she struck gold: several unopened vials of phenobarbital amid the clutter and junk in the nurse's desk! Lithia wadded them up into an improvised super-size tampon (bandages and tape) and inserted it firmly into her cunny (piece of cake!) and then scrambled back into bed right before the disheveled nurse and orderly returned, reeking of vodka and hashish! 

Lithia feigns sleep as the nurse does a perfunctory check on her at 1:00 AM.
“Sleeping like a baby,” hisses the orderly. “Why don't we turn on the TV for a while, Devushka!”
“Oh very well, only if we keep it very low.”
The wall monitor in the nurses station comes to life, and although Lithia cannot see the screen from her bed, the audio, although low, is quite clear in her ears as she lays in the dark, empty infirmary. The nurse turns on RT (the Russian equivalent of Radio Free Europe) because she is studying English.
“—the massive rock concert was reportedly given the green light by Latvian President Valdis after he received a 50 million dollar bribe from Stephen Shank, billionaire co-founder of the subversive Third Eye Patch, and has-been lead guitarist for the reunited retro power trio DMZ. The concert is expected to draw one million people, according to Shank, all to drum up publicity for the so-called plight of the nasty Moist and Juicy Girls, whose just and rightful prison sentences have become a cause-celebre with enemies of the Russian Federation and our noble and beloved Prime Minister, Vladimir Ptard. It is no coincidence that this concert is scheduled to coincide with the last day of the so-called Baldenbird Conference in Dagda, Latvia. —In other news…”
Lithia's heart pumps wildly. Jade's famous father Steve Shank is here in Latvia! 
“For us!”
Lithia lies awake for the rest of the night deep in thought, and concludes that security is definitely much more lax in the lower levels of the castle—or at least at night.
“We can do this!”
Lithia is determined to escape from this bloody castle and go to San Francisco with Jade Shank, the most hardcore hero and inspiration for millions of girls throughout Eastern Europe and Russia!

Lithia was discharged in the morning. For 'security reasons' she was placed back onto the gurney and carried back upstairs to the upper eastern level. The idiotic goons placed a hood over her head, but Lithia found to her astonishment that she could see perfectly fine when she cocked her head back at an angle.
Idiotskiy degeneraty!
“They took me through a busy construction area. Retro-fitting, you would call it, no? I only saw a few guards in the empty corridors. Regular army, these boys. Some of them were smoking cigarettes, can you believe it? Anyway, I only got a brief glimpse through a passing window, but I saw some limousines and a few secretaries arriving for the morning.”
Jade's face was thoughtful. “Lax security… just business as usual for the Prime Minister?”
“So it would seem, Jade of the Green Stone!”
Machala slapped Lithia on the knee. “Stop calling her that, Lithia—Vlad is bad enough!”
“Cool it, Mac,” hissed Jade, “I've been called much worse than that! So, what should we do, now that Daddy is here?”
Jade was overjoyed, knowing that Daddy had come all the way to Latvia to show solidarity for the Moist Girls! Knowing all too well that her father was NOT a rash and impulsive man and avoided politics and crusades like the plague, Jade concluded that he surely knew that she and the others were prisoners in the castle! Jade hugged herself with girlish joy.
“I feel it in my bones, girls! Daddy KNOWS that we are here! He is surely planning something, so we need to be ready to make our move. So how ARE we going to get the jump on these ghouls?”
At least ten blond, clone-like zombies guarded the girls day and night, and all of them were gayer than Liberace. Although the harem guards carried no sidearms, each one of them was armed with a taser and a billy-club.
“Why don't we throw them a little dance party?” Lithia whispered, “Vlad will surely approve!”
“Damn it, Lithy! You just might have something there!”
Jade's mind raced. 
Dance party? Food, snacks, beverages? Music, dancing?
“Machala, you must get to work on those bedsheets during the wee hours… damn it, curtains would be much better, so let's check on that, too… hmm, we'll need a lot of rope, oh gosh, maybe twenty or thirty feet?”
Machala nodded. “I'll relieve Sonia in the laundry, and see what I can find.”
“I'll get the dope ready,” said Lithia, “I wish we had a couple of syringes.”
“Do you think that maybe we can get them to drink the stuff, Lithy?”
“We shall see, Jade.”
Jade lowered her voice to barely a whisper. 
“Where did you stash the crossbows?”
“I hid them behind the washing machine.”
 Lithia had constructed two miniature 'crossbows' and ten steel arrows from bed springs, slats of wood, and rubber bands wound together from panty waists and bra straps. The gadgets worked fairly well at close range but they were very slow to load.
 “How are you going to handle Vlad, Green Girl?”
“I'll think of something.”
Machala suddenly gasped, and pointed down to the dim waters of the lake below.
“Voi luoja, katsomaan sita!” (Oh my God, take a look at that!)
The three young women sat stupefied as they gazed out at the dark forbidding lake. A pyramid-shaped object rose slowly from the waters. A red light flashed three times, outlining the craft's odd angular shape for a blinking instant.
“It's a freaking submarine!” hissed Jade. “What is this happy crap?”
Two dark figures in a small powerboat approached the dark vessel from the castle shore. The boat's electric motor droned faintly across the waters.
“Will ya look at this!”
“The plot, um, thickens, Jade?”
The two dark figures jumped into the water and let their boat drift free as they swam a short distance to the submarine, where they pulled themselves out the water and disappeared into a hatch of some kind. Almost immediately, the red lights blinked again, and the sub slowly submerged back down into the gloomy midnight lake. The little powerboat bobbed up and down in the wake of the mysterious craft that was now gone, almost as if it had never even been there.

Dear Vladimir
I know that you have been very busy lately, but the girls and I have a request to ask of you, if you are willing. Can we please please please have a little party in the common room this afternoon? Just a little celebration for just us girls, with maybe some music, treats, and possibly a few cases of soda? (Beer would even be better, ha ha ha!) You must admit that we have all been on our best behavior lately, so would it be too much to ask? Please say yes! I promise that we will be good and keep the noise down. I think that it would be very beneficial and therapeutic for some of the girls (not to mention our guards!) to have a chance to let their hair down, and do a little dancing and play party games and stuff. Just this one time, pretty please? Enclosed is our party list. Please respond, OK?
Yours, Jade 'Zelenyy Kamen' Devushki' Shank

47: Midnight On The Lake

Dear Cocoa and Cathy
I write and mail this last, sad, letter to you in my mind's eye, because I, Cindy Brillo, now reside in Vladimir Ptard's deepest, darkest, dingiest dungeon, somewhere in the bowels of this horrid castle. My jaw is broken, and my hands and feet are shackled in irons. Although I am in great pain, I am in my right mind, and ready to die. My mission has ended in failure. I am heartbroken, knowing that I will never hold the Emperor in my arms ever again. No more teasing Barby about her fanny, or riding faithful Pony Boy ever again on the range. Most of all, I'll never have a chance to say goodbye to Beta Bronski and thank her for taking me into her home. 
For the first time in my life, I have been taken prisoner by the enemy. I guess after a year of domestic bliss, I lost my edge and let my ego get the best of me. 
My only hope is that Dmitri is good as they say he is, and finds the entrance to that old tunnel into this nasty place and rescues those girls. Good luck, and good hunting, Mr. Dmitri Volgas.
Well, Cocoa, you are probably asking: “What the hell happened, sugar?”

Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
― Sun Tzu, The Art of War

Vlad and I changed into wetsuits and slipped out of the castle alone without escort. We boarded an electric motorboat tethered along the lakeside dock on the eastern side of the castle, and as we skipped silently across the moonlit lake, I wondered what Vlad was up to with his arch-rival Gregor Paulos. I reviewed the last few crazy days (and nights!) in my mind. Things were coming to a head, and we both knew it, although I am still reeling about how Vlad got the jump on me. Damn me to Hades for letting down my guard!
Gregor Paulos' aero-submarine totally blew me out, even in the darkness. I still can't describe and visualize it clearly in my mind for you girls—the moon was behind the castle by then, and say no more. We slipped into the water and let the boat drift free as we swam over to the ominous craft. It was then that I noticed that Vlad was clutching a strange metallic device that looked like two mini-frisbees, connected by a tube.
“What on earth, Vlad?” I hissed.
Vlad chucked, and gently placed the device against the sub's hull, right below the waterline. “Magnetic ultrasound listening and tracking device.”
Once aboard, we were escorted through a pressurized airlock by an armed rolling droid, who led us down a hallway to a small changing room where he (she? it?) politely requested that we disrobe and undergo a full body scan. Once again, I assisted Vlad with the zipper of his wetsuit, on account of his bandaged hand. After our bodies were thoroughly probed, our eyes and facial expressions were then scanned for evil thoughts, intentions, and subterfuge. Only then were we allowed to don bathrobes and enter the dark lair of Gregor Paulos, the evil mastermind and guru of the Baldenbird group.
“This is the end of the line, Miss Brillo. I just can't wait to see the look on Gregor's face when he sees you. I told him that a male security guard would be accompanying me into his inner sanctum!”
“Do you think that he will grant me an interview, Vlad?”
Vlad looked at me dumbly for at least four or five seconds and then he threw his head back and laughed heartily. “We shall see, Miss Brillo, we shall see!”
I gripped Vlad's arm with excitement as the droid led us into a salon that rivaled the best of Paris. Two figures sat on a luxurious rubber loveseat.
Cathy darling, I must tell you that Art DOES imitate Life; or is it the other way around? Gregor Paulos looked like every Hollywood-spawned evil mastermind rolled up into one: Small (barely five feet tall), wizened, crippled, and slightly epileptic. His toupee was shoe-polish black, and his kimono was abalone green. He sat like a ventriloquist dummy on the lap of his blonde amazon nurse, who could have been a wrestler or a shot-putter on the Russian Women's Olympic Team. 
Paulos' beady eyes acknowledged Vlad's own, but just about popped out of his skull as he beheld yours truly, Cindy Brillo! 
“Who the hell are you?” Gregor's voice was pure Bronx, although he was born in Slovenia. “What is the meaning of this, Ptard?”
“Gregor, meet Miss Cindy Brillo, Yak TV correspondent, and a special guest of mine, visiting my castle.”
“And you dare to bring this person into my space?”
Vlad shrugged. “You and your Baldenbird stooges DARE to set up your puppet show in MY space, right in my very front yard, and yet you refuse to allow me into your nasty little club. And YOU are upset about who I associate with?”
“I could care less about who you choose to fornicate with, Ptard. But I was under the understanding that this was to be a confidential meeting. Please depart at once.”
Vlad shrugged again and took my arm. “Let us go, Miss Brillo. You now have your 'scoop': Russian Prime Minister shunned and insulted by International Criminal Hedge Fund Mastermind Gregor Paulos. Natural gas pipelines shut down.”
Paulos' face displayed no emotion. “Oh damn it, sit down, Ptard. You too, Miss Ballou.”
“Brillo, Mr. Paulos. Cindy Brillo.” 
I sat myself down and flashed the old villain a generous look-see of what was under my bathrobe. Say no more, girls.
“Mr. Paulos, would you mind so very much if I asked you a few questions? Please say yes! Oh my gosh, fiddlesticks! I'm not really prepared… please tell me, is it really true that you turned your own parents over to the Nazis?”
Paulos smiled grimly. “That old story is grossly inaccurate, Miss Brillo. I was only a young lad of sixteen, and I cooperated with the Germans only under severe duress. You see, they were holding my mother hostage, so I had no choice but to assist my father in rounding up our neighbors for transport to the camps… however, the SS reneged on our deal in the end, and threw my parents and I onto the very last train, along with the rest of our synagogue. I managed to escape when I jumped from the train into the Danube, right outside of Pest.”
“I didn't know that, Mr. Paulos! Can I quote you on that?”
“Certainly, Miss Brillo.”
Vlad cleared his throat impatiently. “Perhaps you can interview Mr. Paulos at a later time, Miss Brillo. —State your proposition, Gregor. The Russian People are waiting.”
“Spare me the dramatics, Ptard. I came all this way to personally implore you to see reason. Let's just cut to the chase. Russia MUST guarantee a fixed flat rate for all natural gas exports into the EU for the remainder of this fiscal year, and the following year, also. Is this too much to ask? Both the EU and Russia's economies will mutually benefit, and you know it. Recall your troops, let the gas flow unhindered, and agree to sign an energy treaty guaranteeing favorable rates for the next ten years. In return, 50% of Canada's wheat surplus originally earmarked for the heathen Chi-nee, will be diverted to Russia. Not only that, but how about a guaranteed first bid on NAFTA's next citrus AND banana crop, and maybe, just maybe, a special exclusive deal on USA sugar beet byproducts for your nation's livestock feed needs, which will free up more of your nation's wheat and corn for human consumption, which will knock the prices down for the Russian consumer. These measures will help free up Russian capital to stimulate private investment, shore up your stalled industrial capacity, increase consumer consumption and spending, and lower your unemployment rate. That, along with your military stand-down, will reduce your defense budget, enabling you to better protect your Asian border regions from insurgents and the Asiatic threat. Everybody wins. I am offering you the moon here, Ptard.”
“Very generous, but you forgot something, Paulos.”
“I did? Please educate me.”
“You forgot to grant Russia full membership in the EU and NATO, likewise. Not to mention a reduction of crippling interest rates set by the Rothberg bankers.”
“You over-estimate my influence! Come now, Vlad! I am just a semi-retired investor, living on a pension.”
“Not to mention the proud owner of the world's only private custom atomic submarine hovercraft pleasure island. Enough of your yak manure! You have less than 12 hours to issue me and the Russian People an apology, acquiescent to my demands and ultimatums, and issue an official invitation for me to speak before the Baldenbirders, with full Press coverage—including Yak TV.”
I cut in to the conversation, giddy with excitement. “Thank you, Vladimir!” 
“Indeed,” Vlad smiled, “I demand to speak last, right after my old backstabbing friend and adversary Phillip Hammer. I demand top billing, no less.”
Paulos wasn't amused. “Or you will do what, Ptard? NATO will not tolerate any further aggressive moves on your part. Stop acting like a bluffing bully and withdraw your forces 100 kilometers back into Russia right this very minute, as a gesture of good faith. Then maybe we can arrange a slot for you at the closing of the conference.”
Vlad smiled like a cobra. “My troops aren't going anywhere until after I address the conference and issue Russia's reasonable ultimatums. Don't look to the USA for help this time, Paulos. The Yankee Redhead President Morgan may have an excellent derriere, but she is a frightened inexperienced bimbo in way over her head. The American people are weary of foreign wars and don't want to get dragged into another fight… The USA will not come to your rescue this time, Paulos!”
Paulos glanced at me before replying. “Are you so sure? That amateur slut's National Security Adviser is one of my own, along with Senator Spinner, and most of the Media. She will have no choice but to go along with her experts. Even as we speak, NATO forces are on alert, and awaiting for the President's go-ahead.”
“You lie, Paulos. No alert has been issued.”
I didn't react to that, but Paulos and Vlad's eyes and wills were locked together, in another zone. I may as well been a fly on the wall. More than a minute went by, until Paulos broke the silence.
“Harrumph. I think that your pathological obsession with fornication, especially with spies and underage girls, has clouded your judgment, Vlad. I have nothing left to say. This meeting is over.”
And with that, the nurse rose out of the chair and carried Paulos out of the room. Several armed droids escorted us back to the changing room. Neither of us said a word as I assisted Vlad into his wetsuit.

Creating an undesired stalemate is the height of stupidity.
― Anon

Twenty minutes after Ptard and Brillo docked their boat and reentered the castle, Gregor Paulos' aero-submarine rose silently from the dark waters of the lake and rose to an altitude of two thousand meters. After pausing momentarily, the craft then glided westward and settled back down into the lake, just to the west of the Baldenbird Complex.

War is the unfolding of miscalculations
― Barbara Tuchman

Vlad was acting downright flaky and paranoid when we returned to the castle after that bizarre meeting with Gregor Paulos. The final day of the conference was only hours away, and I knew that time was running out.
Vlad was very agitated and edgy as I helped him out of his wetsuit. His left eye was twitching up a storm, and I sensed that a storm was brewing in his head. We both strolled naked down the castle hallways to Vlad's private quarters, and not caring a bit. Only a few guards were out and about, and they averted their eyes as we entered Vlad's inner sanctum, where Vlad finally lost his composure and blew off some steam. That's when I knew that Vlad had finally tipped over, thanks to that evil rodent Paulos.
“Words fail me, Miss Brillo. The Russian people have been pushed to the limit! Doesn't that bloodless specter understand that this means WAR?”
“Hold it baby—war with WHO, Vladimir?”
“Tell me something, Miss Cindy Brillo of Yak TV. How would you and your fellow countrymen feel, knowing that every night when you went to bed, that 100,000 NATO troops were stationed along your borders, along with hundreds of tactical nuclear missiles? Let's not forget the massive stockpiles of chemical weapons of mass destruction, ever at the ready in their German silos and warehouses!”
“What are you saying, Vlad?”
“We, the Russian People, have bent over backwards for the last twenty years, extending the olive branch, only to have it repeatedly thrust back into our faces! My people have had enough!”
“Your people, or just YOU, Vlad? Please try and settle down, OK?”
Vlad suddenly looked me in the eye, and I knew, then and there, that it was all over.
“Brillo, if you positively knew that this was your very last day on this earth, would you have any regrets?”
“Stop it, Vlad! You are scaring me!”
My guts tightened, as I prepared to bite down onto my false tooth. This was it, and we both knew it. Vlad suddenly pulled me in close, and his penis quickened up against my belly. “I know who you are, why you are here, and who you seek.”
“Vlad…”
“I will always love you, Ophelia Cocoa Brown!”
Vlad then kissed me ravenously, greedily, right as I bit down hard onto my tooth. The mixture hit him immediately and massively, as I knew it would. Vlad's eyes bulged in surprise and he immediately bit off the tip of my tongue, as he simultaneously slammed both of my ears hard with the heels of his palms. My knee crushed his gonads as he seized my head with both of his hands and gave me a head-butt as my fingernails tore into his throat. I fell backward with him on top of me and the back of my head struck the floor HARD. The pain was overwhelming. Vlad scrambled to his knees and thrust his fingers deep into his mouth to induce vomiting. 
“Ith oo late fo' thad, Vwad, it's in yo' bludd-steam, baby,” I moaned as I lay flat on my back. Vlad's eyes were wild and weird as he rose up and kicked me in the face. That's when I passed out, I guess. Vlad 1, Cindy 0.
(So much for the Miracle Mixture, girls. The dope had been thoroughly tested on ten adult males of various ages and body masses, back in Zurich. Vlad's dose should have rendered him helpless and spastic, but in hindsight it is now clear that Vlad is not a 'normal' human (?) being. Obviously he is more resilient than any of us anticipated back in Zurich, including Dr. ___ . Go figure.)
When I came to, Vlad was dragging me by the hair down a stone corridor. He had put on his kimono by then, but I was still naked as a jaybird.
“Come and see, Miss Cocoa Brillo! Death's heads! Skulls! Kittens and puppies! Virgins! Come and see!”
Two nervous guards stood aside as Vlad (right in front of my eyes) foolishly punched out the access code on a keypad next to a steel door, which slid open. He dragged me into the room and tossed me onto the floor in a heap. I raised up my head as Vlad flicked on one monitor after another.
“Does Paulos really think that I have been idly standing by, twiddling my thumbs and cavorting and rutting with the pretties in my harem?”
One of the widescreens showed a line of tanks and armored vehicles rolling down a newly-constructed expressway that ran through pine forests and past pristine lakes. Another screen showed the Baldenbird Hotel, bathed in spotlights. Yet another screen streamed an overhead shot of hundreds of thousands of young people, gathered around bonfires, pitching tents, and staking their spots before a massive stage, flanked by sound towers draped with tie-dye bunting and holographic images. 
“The entire world will witness the fiery death of Mr. Steve Shank and hundreds of thousands of drug addicted music lovers, live on international television! This will coincide with the destruction of Paulos and the Baldenbirders, and the advance of the Russian armed forces on three fronts. Your slutty redhead-in-chief will have no choice but to order NATO to stand down, and retreat into France with my armored columns at her heels!”
“Yhoo ar' weely cwazy, you muh-ver-fuckuh… stoppid, pweeze stoppid, Vwad.”
Vlad grabbed me by the hair again and hauled me out onto a balcony that perched out from the periphery of the castle roof. The gray line of dawn was visible in the east.
Vlad threw me down again, right in front of a genuine SAURON tactical laser, mounted on the side of the castle turret.
“I acquired this piece of exquisite hardware during the implosion of my old friend and adversary Phillip Hammer's regime, during all the chaos and disorder. There was absolutely NO security at the labs of your insane genius Peter Derringer! This was never reported in your corrupt press, of course!”
Vlad kicked me yet again. “You shall die with your fellow countrywoman and co-conspirator Jade Shankivitch, right after she watches her father get fried to a crisp on live television.” 
“We will pith on your gwave, Vwad.”
Vlad kept jerking his head and I knew that he was frantically resisting the hallucinogen racing through his brain with almost superhuman stubbornness as he painted tracers in the air and shivered uncontrollably. He then opened up his kimono and laid down on top of me and kissed me and spread my legs wide open and then I passed out again.
When I came to this time, several soldiers were carrying me down another dark and dank corridor. I now hang suspended from this cold stone wall. 
I must conclude this sad letter to you in my mind, my dearest Cathy and Cocoa. I am so sorry that I let both of you down. Please forgive me, and think well of me, as I have always thought well of you. I've got to go now.
Yours, Cindy Brillo.

10) Vlad's Blues

48: August 20, Baldenbird Day 6

To: Jade Devushka Iz Zelenogo Kamnya
From: You Know Who
Your request has been approved, although I have been very disappointed in YOUR refusal in providing me relief for my modest needs! However, your assessment regarding the girls' overall behavior is correct, so I have no objection whatsoever for you and the girls to 'let off a little steam' and enjoy your little party. I am hoping that you remember my benevolence the next time I request such a reasonable little favor from you in return!
Here is my approved list of party supplies that will be delivered to the common room before noon:
15 2-liter containers of soda
3 bags of crushed ice
50 paper cups, plates, and plastic spoons
10 large packages of M&Ms
10 gallons of ice cream
100 fudge brownies (freshly baked by my own personal chef!)
10 bags of potato and corn chips
10 containers of dip
1 'boombox'
40 paper party hats and masks (one for each girl and guard)
1 'Twister' party game
1 package of party balloons
And last, but not least: 1 can of Budweiser beer for each girl present!
(Your request for party poppers and e-cigarettes is denied.)
Have yourselves a good time! I will try to make a special appearance at today's 'bacchanal', although pressing matters of state may force me to take a 'rain check'.
Yours, from 'You Know Who'

Vlad did his best to ignore the snoring alligator in the corner and the blinking eyeballs on the ceiling as he printed out his response to Jade Green Girl's party request. His guards stood woodenly by the door of his rooftop command post, and although their expressions displayed no outward emotion, their melting faces were quite horrorshow. No matter. Vlad had always suspected that he was schizophrenic, but thanks to Cindy Brillo's love dose, the proof was now in the pudding. 
Vlad's superhuman disposition was more resilient than Brillo had anticipated, however. He found that he could function one minute and then, without missing a beat, inspect the back of his eyeballs with no effort at all. The catcalls from the imps and insectoids bothered him not in the slightest, although he did request (firmly but politely) that they not talk over each other, let alone himself, especially when he was in the middle of a conversation with one of his guards or frightened aides! Each one of them would have to wait and take their turn. Robert's Rules of Order! 
Vlad reviewed his printout and found it precise and satisfactory. The sun was well up, and there was much to do today. Sauron's laser eye was locked in on his target: the massive stage at the swelling 'Free the Moist and Juicy Girls' concert site. His personal military aide, Colonel Petrov Kalashnikov was standing by in the nearby village of Blonti to coordinate with the generals commanding the armored columns that were all tanked up and ready to swarm across the Latvian, Ukrainian, and Polish borders. Smaller units of assault troops disguised as civilians were already in place and ready to move in on the Baldenbird complex to eliminate any survivors after the hotel was overrun by whipped up mobs, led by specially placed 'outside agitators'. 
To counteract the hallucinogen pulsing through his brain and bloodstream, Vlad ordered the nurse to give him a shot of Thorazine, one vial of Valium, a tank of nitrous oxide, and several poppers of amyl nitrate. He also had several dozen grams of crystal meth at his disposal, just in case he became too drowsy from the downers. Just for the hell of it, he slapped several precious, hoarded, Spartan Strips onto his forehead. His spastic spasms were diminishing in intensity, thanks to the Thorazine. Vlad tore the printout free from the printer, and gazed at his skeletal hands in fascination.
The Master's hand is in every grain of sand.
“Deliver this communique to the Princess at once,” he giggled in a high-pitched cartoon-like voice to a guard. “Make haste, and be lively!”
Vlad stepped out onto the balcony and stood naked in the morning sun.
“Call for my bicycle to be de-iced and readied for takeoff. Woof!”
Vlad then stood at the edge of the roof and urinated on the secretaries directly below him, arriving for work.

49: Juno

Professor Walpole Mantis brushed up on his Russian, as Rex Andromedas guided Tiger Lily along the polar route, under the aurora borealis. 
“What the devil have I got myself into?”
This plan was dicey and quite risky, despite his reassurances to President Morgan. For the Prof, it was all quite simple and elementary, at least on paper. One had to go no further than Machiavelli, or the Art Of War: Who are the King's courtiers, and just what are their stakes in the Great Game? Who benefits the most when the King goes down, and who benefits least? Most importantly, who decides when and where?
“Well, we shall soon find out, won't we?”

Rex set Tiger Lily down onto the runway at St. Petersburg in a light mist under a milk-white sky. A limo immediately pulled up and parked right beside the jet. A man in a brown uniform hopped out, and held the door open for the Professor. Mantis, attaché case in hand, told Rex to hold down the fort, and climbed into the idling limo, which rolled away and disappeared into a hanger on the far side of the tarmac. Meanwhile, the Russian officer followed Rex up the stairs into the jet.

Mantis found himself sitting with Mutt and Jeff, Russian version, in the back of the spacious limo. The thin little man (Mutt) did not look up from his laptop. 
“You are?” said the beefy man in perfect English. 'Jeff' was obese, had a vodka-induced red face, and sported a salt and pepper crew-cut: President Medved, of the Russian Federation.
“Professor Walpole Mantis, Berkeley, California. I have been appointed Minister Without Portfolio by the President of the United States, who has an urgent warning, and a proposition—to the next Prime Minister of the Russian Federation.”
Medved nodded in understanding. “The next Prime Minister.”
“Correct. Vladimir Ptard is out of control. Our moles in your intelligence services confirm that he is seriously impaired, and is a clear and present danger and a threat to not only the United States, but Russia and Europe as well. This man, however virile, is quite unstable and has his finger on the red button. You know this, and time is running out. It's all up to you. Here are the choices before you: You can be a Great Statesman and the Savior of Civilization, or you can go down in history as the bumbling arsehole who dropped the ball and allowed the whole world to go up in flames. I, for one, would rather have the peoples of the United States AND Russia survive and have a chance to live out their natural life spans—wouldn't you?”
“What does your silly prostitute President suggest?”
The skinny dude with the laptop giggled with glee, and President Medved joined him in his mirth. Mantis stared at the bumpkin in astonished disbelief.
“Return me to my jet, please.”
“Excuse me?”
“You, sir, are a rude and stupid arsehole. The fault is mine; I misjudged your competence. Please return me to my jet at once.”
“Wait! I apologize profusely. State your President's message, please.”

“What a blockhead,” Mantis murmured to Rex, as they deadheaded southwestward over Estonia. “But he DOES see the gravity of the situation, so he will play ball. He really has no choice, because his hide is at stake as well, and he knows it. Who knows? Maybe he is dreaming of a Nobel Prize.”
Rex nodded. “His Security Adviser was quite reasonable—”
President Medved's top security goon was already in contact with the generals at Supreme Command, and was passing the word.
Mantis shrugged. “A thousand things can go wrong, but now we know that Ptard's behavior lately has been a great concern to President Medved, as well. Well, thanks to President Morgan's trust in my exceptional brilliance and insight into the folly and weakness of the historical, political, and cultural idiot human animal mindset, the little wheels are beginning to spin now, and we just might pull this off. —Where is this place we are going to next?”
“Daugavpils Airport, in eastern Latvia. A contracted driver will deliver you to your next contact.”
“How much time do we have, Andromedas?”
“Twenty-four hours until rock and roll time, Professor.”

The little 'pub' in the obscure village of Blonti, was a perfect spot for business: The Russian border and Vladimir Ptard's vacation castle was only 10 kilometers to the east. The Baldenbird Complex was a mere seven kilometers miles west, and Shank's concert site was another ten. Perfect!
Colonel Petrov Kalashnikov sat in the dim, smoky light at a corner table. A bottle of vodka sat on the table. He caught Mantis' eye, and gestured for him to take a seat. 
“Vy Amerikanskiy professor ?” (You are the American Professor?)
“Walpole Mantis, University of California.”
Kalashnikov switched to English, as he poured another large jigger of vodka. “You have exactly one minute to make my day, Professor Mantis.”
“JUNO.”
The Russian abruptly choked on his vodka, and spit it out onto the table, spraying Mantis' tweed jacket. Mantis said nothing, and dabbed his coat with a handkerchief.
“What are my orders, Yanki?”
“First and foremost, you and I both know damn well that your boss is holding Jade Shank, the Moist Girls, and others against their will in that nasty, bloody castle. Shame on you all. You must free those girls, and lead them to safety. Each and every one of them, and there better not be even one tiny hair harmed on their pretty little heads.”
Kalashnikov nodded in resignation. “It shall be done.” 
“Next you must contact the Yak TV correspondent Cindy Brillo, and make sure that she receives this order: YUGO. Repeat that to me, please.”
“Cindy Brillo, Yak TV. Yugo.”
“Last, but not least, contact all unit commanders, strictly by word of mouth, to prepare to withdraw back to the border. This order must NOT be issued over electronic communications. When the official order to retreat IS given, it WILL be broadcast over proper military channels. JUNO. Repeat that for me, Colonel.”
Colonel K did so.
“Very good, Colonel! KGB, were you?”
The Russian nodded with some hesitation. Iisus Khristos, how he hated snotty Americans! Mantis smiled grimly.
“Your contact will be Dmitri Volgas, late of Tuvan Internal Affairs, and currently a Yak TV cameraman, covering the Baldenbird Conference. You and he must lead the rescue mission, if all else fails. Repeat that last to me, please.”
The Colonel did so. Mantis smiled; he was quite enjoying himself.
“Well, I must take your leave, Colonel Kalashnikov. Although I did not receive an invitation, I do have a front row seat for the last apocalyptic day of the Baldenbird Conference.” Professor Mantis rose. “Good day, Colonel.”

All you need is cash, thought Rex Andromedas, as he stepped outside the Daugapils Airport branch office of Kerenski Helicopters. One S-92 chopper was at his immediate disposal, and two more were on their way from Riga, pilots and crews included. Rex was escorted by a Kerenski employee over to the company hanger, where he had an hour or so to get acquainted with the craft, as Professor Mantis conducted his business with Colonel Kalashnikov. 
“No sweat,” said Rex. There was no reason to let the Professor know that he had never flown a whirlybird before.

Rex managed to land the chopper safely on the Baldenbird Press Area lily pad on his third attempt, after a few scary bounces. Professor Mantis, however, lost his lunch.
“So sorry, Mantis,” hollered Rex jovially, “After all, this is my very first crack at a Kerenski helicopter! Piece of cake!”
A few prostitutes scampered over to check out the new arrivals, but stopped short when they saw Prof. Mantis vomiting right on the tarmac. Sighing, the disappointed hookers turned tail and headed back into the Press area to look for better prospects. Mantis wasn't offended, and even chuckled, in spite of his difficulties. 
“Poor wretched drug abusers! I surmise that I would probably get more satisfying results, and more bang for my buck, with one of those SexBots I keep hearing about, Andromedas!”
Rex smiled, but said nothing. This Mantis fellow was totally horrorshow and an intellectual bully to boot, but he was the best man available for the job in this critical hour, according to President Jenny. Rex was certain that History was in the making here, and he was glad to be a part of it, here at ground zero.

Dimitri Volgas and Marsha Portrero trotted over and led Mantis away from the idling chopper. Dmitri waved to Rex Andromedas, before addressing Mantis. 
“Are you the Professor?”
“YUGO, Dmitri Volgas, of Yak TV. Have you been briefed, young man?” 
“Only that our orders have been changed, and that we are to cooperate with you in any way that we can. Our original orders were to penetrate Ptard's castle by any means possible, and rescue Miss Shank and the other young women. My partner was admitted into the castle, but I was barred entrance. I did manage to spend a pleasant evening at the tavern in the nearby village, where I met a few old gents who used to work for old Count Blonti, the previous master of the castle. One of these old fellows had done some iron work for the old Count. He told me a few stories, and I bought him and his friends a few tankards of beer and a bottle of vodka. As a result, I did some further recon, and in the morning I returned to my post to wait for further communications from my… associate.”
“Cindy Brillo of Yak TV, otherwise known as Cathy Braunstein, of NASTY?”
“Yes sir.”
“Your new orders are to rendezvous with one Colonel Kalashnikov and his team, storm the castle, establish contact with Braunstein, and rescue the women.”
Dmitri was just itching for some action, and he nodded enthusiastically.
“I have already cleared a way into the basement of the castle.”
“Good man! To the rendezvous point, pronto, and good luck to you!”
Dmitri dashed over to the chopper, and Rex lifted away and headed eastward over the lake. Marsha took the professor by the arm.
“We meet again, Mantis! You must be bushed. Why don't you lay down for a spell in Dmitri's trailer.”
“Maybe later, Portrero. At the moment, I need for you to bring me up to speed on these Baldenbirders.”

Ten minutes later Rex set the whirlybird down into a forest clearing five kilometers from the castle, where Colonel Kalashnikov was waiting with a company of crack assault troops. Dmitri hopped out, and Rex lifted off at once, and set a course directly back to the Press enclave.

50: Meanwhile, Back at the Castle

“Oh Vlad,” Jade murmured, as she fished through the compact discs, ten in all, that Vlad had included with the boombox. “Abba. Bee Gees. Donna Summer. Shakedown Street, by the Grateful Dead? Give me a break!”
The party was underway, and even some of the older girls (a few were in their late twenties and early thirties) were getting into the swing of things and dancing to 'Disco Inferno'. 'Les Boys' (the guards) were also dancing, on Vlad's orders. Lithia, clad in a pink bra and panties, party hat, mask, and serving apron, poured orange soda into paper cups filled with crushed ice.
“Can't you find a decent radio station, Green Girl?”
Jade shook her head. “Radio's busted, Lithy. I wonder why…”
“Don't waste any of your precious brain cells!”
“Do Ya Think I'm Sexy by Rod Stewart. Hmm…”
“One of my mama's favorites, Jade!”
Durga (bass player for the Moist Girls) was already topless and 'flying high' on ice cream, M&Ms, and root beer. She held the suffering Nazi goon-clone tight, and slow-danced as the rest of the girls danced in a frenzy all around them.
“Durga has always had a weird sense of humor,” Lithia whispered, as she handed Jade a cup of soda. “Check out Machala.”
Machala had fashioned a pretty good SS uniform from bedsheets and nightgowns.
“Where on earth did she get the black dye, Lithy?”
“From one of the curtains, she says. Machala scares me sometimes, Jade! Did she really ask to come out to San Francisco with us?”
Jade grinned and wiped an embarrassing tear from her cheek. “Each and every one of you are so very welcome. I… I love you all, so very much…”
Jade and Lithy both embraced and broke out into tears. Both girls would never have dreamed that they were even capable of crying, only a few months ago. Jade suddenly thought about Phrogg.
The world has changed, and so have I. Oh Phroggy, please forgive me.
Lithia nudged Jade. “There she goes.”
Machala moved among 'Les Boys' with a plate laden with brownies. The goons tore greedily into them. The girls had been instructed by Jade and Lithia not to eat any of the brownies on the serving plate. Katrina (lead guitarist for the Moist Girls) had worked quickly and spiked twenty of the 100 (!) fresh-baked brownies with crushed phenobarbital.
“Looking good,” Jade murmured. “Oh shoot, let's put on the Grateful Dead!”
Lithia frowned and plugged her nose. “Only because they are from Frisco!”
“Uncle Jerry loves you, Lithia.” Jade glanced at the guards. “How long, Lithy?”
“I don't know.”

Cindy Brillo hung naked and suspended in that zone that exists between living and dying. The Void, the nowhere zone. Her jaw was broken, as well as a rib and her left foot. Her tongue was a slab of bloody meat, and the back of her head wasn't much better. Cindy's essence reeked of approaching death.
“Oh no you don't.” said a familiar voice in the darkness. “Don't you go bailin' out on us just yet, Sugar Pie.”
Cindy open her swollen eyes and beheld two shimmering figures in the gloomy cell: Cocoa Brown and Cathy Braunstein. Cocoa's pant suit was black, and her hair was short and kinky. Cathy's dress was low-cut and woven from green silk, and her pale hair hung down to her shoulders in a soft wave.
“Wuddoo you want wiff me,” Cindy moaned, “Go awa-way…”
“Shame on you!” scolded Cocoa. “We still have a job to do, honey child!”
“I vink you thud go on wiffout me… I'm all youthed up.”
“Nonsense,” said Cathy. “Our number one rule has always been: Never leave a comrade behind.”
“Damn right,” added Cocoa, “We ain't leavin' without you.”
Cocoa then kissed Cindy passionately, followed by Cathy. Cindy immediately felt a quickening, and a rush of hot blood flow through her veins. A rush of love, hope, and light!
“All three of us are goin' to hold the Emperor in our arms one more time, really soon, y'hear me now?”
Cocoa began to work on the bolt in the stone wall that held the chain to Cindy's right handcuff, as Cathy worked on the left side. 
“I'm just 'bout through here, baby,” hissed Cocoa. “OK, I'm all set—how you doin' over there, cousin?”
“I'm through, Brown, piece of cake!” panted Cathy.
Suddenly, the sound of rattling keys broke the silence. The cell door opened, and the castle nurse entered the cell, followed by an orderly pushing a large rolling dispensary cart, laden with medical supplies: bandages, sheets, smocks, antiseptic, scissors, and tape. Both of them wore shoulder holsters. The nurse proceeded to examine Cindy, but did not even bother to unchain her from the wall. 
“Vy nikuda ne denutsya, ty lezhish', shpionazh, shlyukha.”
(You aren't going anywhere, you lying, spying, whore.)
The nurse frowned as she applied some stinging hydrogen peroxide to Cindy's head wound, as the orderly unshackled her left foot so he could wrap it firmly with an ace bandage. He then gave the fleshy area of Cindy's upper leg a squeeze.
“YA ne vozrazhal by pyat' minut s etoy negrityanka, Yelena!”
(I wouldn't mind five minutes with this negress, Elena!)
“Pyat' minut? Son na, Ivan! Ty nikogda ne nuzhno bol'she, chem tol'ko odnoy minuty!”
(Five minutes? Dream on, Ivan! You don't even need ONE!)
The nurse roughly forced Cindy's mouth open, and peered inside with a small pen light.
“This is it, Cindy Lou,” whispered Cathy in Cindy's ear. “Use your knee when I say so, honey—right into that goon's ugly mug.”
As the nurse began to probe Cindy's ribs, Cocoa held Cindy's head in her hands and looked her right in the eye. “Are you ready, baby? We kin do this.”
Cindy nodded at both Cocoa and Cathy. This was it.
“On the count of three, girls. Here we go—”
ONE.
The nurse turned her attention to her cart, and tore open a plastic syringe from its sterile wrapping.
TWO.
The orderly finished wrapping Cindy's foot, and reached for the shackle.
THREE.
Cindy abruptly yanked the right-hand iron bolt out of the wall and drove it deep into the nurse's left temple, as her knee slammed smack into the orderly's face. As the nurse slid to the floor, Cindy whipped the chain around the stunned goon's head, broke his neck, and that was that.
“The keys,” hissed Cocoa, “He's got the keyring, sugar. Make haste!”
Cindy made short work of her handcuffs and shackles.
“Grab their pistols,” said Cathy.
Cindy checked the nurse's pistol. “Unloaded…” she muttered.
“You're shitting me, baby!” exclaimed Cocoa. “What is this honky voodoo?”
The orderly's firearm was also empty. “I smell a rat,” murmured Cathy.
“Never mind all o' that now! Git into the nurse's uniform, Brillo, like pronto!”
Cathy and Cocoa assisted Cindy, because of her broken rib and foot. Cindy found a bottle of Ibuprofen, and dry swallowed a half dozen.
“I can't get into nurtheeth th-oos,” muttered Cindy.
“Leave the shoes,” said Cocoa. “Now stuff your hair up under that nursy cap! That's right, lookin' good! OK, we got to git up onto that roof 'n disable that laser, baby. Then, if we're lucky, we kin kick that weasel's ass, 'n rescue those girls!”

Nurse Cindy pushed the cart down the long dim corridor, as Cocoa and Cathy re-conned up ahead. Cathy floated back to Cindy and hissed: “Solitary guard up ahead, packing a sidearm and a radio.”
Cindy nodded, and clutched the hypo in her hand. Cocoa materialized in Cindy's eyes. “Look alive, here comes the motherjumper!”
The guard approached Cindy with his hand on his sidearm.
“Ey vy! Gde tvoya akkuratnost'?”
(Hey you! Where's your orderly?)
“On zhdet vath v adu, vmeth teth medthithtroy.”
(He's waiting for you in Hell, along with the nurse.)
Cindy jammed the hypo filled with hydrogen peroxide deep into the guard's jugular vein, and his gullet became a frothing volcano. Seizing the man's pistol, Cindy rapidly wrapped the muzzle with a towel, and shot the thrashing guard through the top of his head. The shot was muffled and did not resonate in the stone corridor. Cindy then hauled the corpse and stuffed him on the underside of the cart under a few hospital gowns.
“Two more goons, up 'round the corner,” whispered Cocoa, “They're smokin' 'n passin' a flask of somethin' back 'n forth.”
“Ten-four, Brown.” To her utter amazement, Cindy felt a new sense of energy, a will to live, and an urge to kill.
Here I go.
Cindy got the jump on the yokels from behind, and disarmed them without firing a shot. She lined the trembling boy soldiers up against the wall and pointed her pistol (once again wrapped up under a towel) into the forehead of the doofus on the right.
“Provodite menya k liftu, kotoryy idet na krythu.”
(Escort me to the elevator that goes up to the roof.)
“Poshel na khuy, vas chernyy shlyukha!”
(Fuck you, you black whore!)
Cindy pulled the trigger, and the idiot slid to the floor. Once again the shot was muffled by the towel. She then turned to the kid on the left.
“Kak nathet vath, pank?” (How about you, punk?)
“OK, uspokoytes' ! YA byl prizvan, vy znayete!”
(OK, just take it easy! I was drafted, you know!)
Cindy directed him to lay his comrade on top of the other dead soldier.
“Napolnit' yego tam, i okhvatyvayut obath tekh plat'yev.”
(Stuff him in there, and cover them up with those gowns.)
The trembling young soldier did so.
“Nazhmite telegu!”
(Push the cart!)
The jolly procession met no other guards along the passageway, although Cindy could hear activity from all about the castle. They finally halted at the elevator that Cindy vaguely remembered when she was carried downstairs, hours ago now.
“Yethli eta dver' ne otkryvayethya, ya vzorvu vathi mothgi.”
(If that door doesn't open, I'll blow your brains out.)
The door did open, to the young soldier's relief, but Cindy raised the pistol up from his chest and pointed it right between his eyes.
“Nu, vot vath pochetnyy razryad, priv van mudak.”
(Well, here's your honorable discharge, you draftee asshole.)
Cindy shot him dead, and felt not a bit of remorse. This was war, and soldiers die in war. Vlad started this war when he snatched an innocent (if not annoying) American girl named Jade Shank right off the streets of New York City. You just don't do things like that, not on Cindy/Cocoa/Cathy's watch. Mercy was not in the cards at this stage of the game, because the clock was ticking, and thousands, if not millions of innocent lives were at stake. Cindy dragged the soldier's corpse into the elevator, and wiped her bloody hands on his uniform.
Wow, I could've had a V8!
Cindy rolled the overloaded cart into the elevator, and managed a little grin, in spite of her broken jaw. “Cindy Brillo 5; Vlad Ptard 0.”
Cindy, Cathy, Cocoa and the three dead soldier boys rode together up to the roof of the castle.

By 2:00 PM all ten Les Boys were totally out of it, toasted to a boy, and stark naked to boot. They were oh so mellow and feeling no pain when Jade, the Moist and Juicy Girls, a reluctant Machala, and several other girls went down on them, ahem, really down. Most of the girls dutifully took their turn and kept the boys distracted as Jade. Lithia, and Machala rapidly readied their paraphernalia.
2:30 PM. Ten naked and trembling Les Boys were lined up in a row atop two makeshift tables, nooses around their necks, hands tied behind their backs. Each noose was secured to a length of rope constructed from curtains, sheets, bras, and nightgowns. These 'ropes' were thrown up around the high wooden beam above the common room. The tables weren't very steady. 
After Les Boys were secure on their shaky scaffold, Lithy, Jade, and a few of the others took turns in the bathroom, peeing into balloons with the help of a catheter.
“How many balloons did we manage to fill, Lithy?”
“Only four,” replied Lithia, with a grin. “How did you manage to do it back in New York, Jade?”
“Damn it, girl, how many times do I have to tell you that it was only water!”
Lithia giggled with glee. “Too late, too late, hee-hee-hee! Truth is always the first casualty in war!”
“War…” Jade fondled the taser hidden in a fold of her nightgown.
“Come to me, you motherjumper, come to me.”

51: Marsha Gets a Promotion

To: Marsha Portrero
From: Vladimir Ptard, Prime Minister of the Russian Federation
Dear Mrs. Portrero, as you probably know, Yak TV Correspondent Cindy Brillo is currently a guest at my vacation castle on the east shore of Lake Latvia. Unfortunately, Miss Brillo has come down with a touch of severe stomach flu, and is unable to assume her contractual journalistic duties on this last day of the Baldenbird Conference. She is currently receiving the finest medical care in the castle infirmary, and should be up and around in no time, possibly even by tomorrow.
Miss Brillo has directed me to relay her request to ask if you would kindly consent to stand in for her today. She has already cleared her request with her superiors in New York, who have given you the 'Green Light' for this honor. A fax from Yak TV has been relayed to the Eco-Tittler and likewise Brillo's Yak TV trailer. However, Miss Brillo's cameraman is missing, so you will need to enlist a cameraman of your choice for this priority assignment: an exclusive interview with me, Vladimir Ptard, at 2:00 PM, out in front of the Baldenbird Security checkpoint. This interview, in the words of Miss Brillo, will be “The Big Scoop” of the entire conference. Miss Brillo has assured me that you are the most qualified and honest journalist in the Baldenbird Press Pool. This interview is of the utmost importance, regarding the current state of affairs, and I have chosen your forum to exclusively announce and issue Russia's concerns, demands and ultimatums to the EU, the United States, and the World. I will arrive at the Baldenbird security gate at 1:50 PM.
Yours, V Ptard

Marsha frantically adjusted the camera stand as Professor Mantis stood in place on the chalk mark on the pavement at his feet. 
“Stand still, Professor! OK, I think this will be sufficient… speak in a normal tone of voice so I can adjust these levels.”
“Certainly, Portrero! Let's see: The history of all previous societies has been the history of class struggles. Let the ruling classes tremble at a communist revolution. The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win. Workingmen of all countries, unite!”
“Thanks for the history lesson, Mantis! OK, now stay behind this camera, and make sure we stay in this shot, please?”
Mantis suddenly pointed down the road. “My bleeding Bog, look at this!”
Marsha gasped in spite of herself. Three bicyclists approached: Vladimir Ptard, and two armed bodyguards. “Unbelievable…”
Ptard pulled up to a stop, and hopped off his mountain bike. Soaked in sweat, Ptard pulled off his Lycra shirt, and tossed it to one of his spare wheels.
“Towel, please.” Vlad then poured a plastic bottle of water over his head.
“How much time do we have, Mrs. Portrero?”
Marsha found her voice. “Five minutes, Mr. Prime Minister.”
“Excellent!” Vlad then removed his Lycra shorts and stood naked in front of her.
“Help me dress, please. I have injured my hand.” 
A bodyguard handed Vlad a pair of casual slacks, and a plain white shirt. Marsha assisted Vlad with the buttons of his shirt, as the bodyguard held out a blue Russian Navy windbreaker. “No tie for me today.”
Mantis said nothing during this bizarre exchange. What could he say?
“Two minutes,” said Marsha, who suddenly realized that the Prime Minister of Holy Russia was higher than a kite. 
Bog help us all, this man is zonked right out of his skull!
Fortunately, Vlad donned his trademark mirror shades.
“One minute.”
Marsha briskly brushed her hair, and prayed that the eye shadow that Professor Mantis had hastily applied to her face wasn't running.

“This is Marsha Portrero of the Eco-Tittler, standing in for Yak TV Foreign Correspondent Cindy Brillo, who is out on a special assignment. I am standing here at the barricaded checkpoint one quarter mile down the road from the Baldenbird Conference, convening as we speak, for its special closing ceremony, including a special appearance by ex-President Phillip Hammer. With me here at this barricade is another person besides myself who has been barred from attending this year's secretive get-together of honored members of the Illuminati, DeathCo, PowerCo, and McEvil. I am referring of course to Vladimir Ptard, Prime Minister of the Russian Federation.”
Marsha turned the microphone to the Virile One, the most powerful man in the world. “Mr. Prime Minister, I want to thank you for speaking with me today.”
“You are most welcome, Mrs. Portrero.”
“So here we are on the last day of the Baldenbird Conference, which will be winding down this afternoon. What gives, Mr. Prime Minister?”
“Once again, the Russian People have been shunned and insulted by this criminal syndicate, headed by the international fugitive crime boss Gregor Paulos. By refusing to let me attend and address this illegitimate gathering, I have to resort to stand out here like an outcast, an outlaw, and a beggar, me, the Prime Minister of the Russian Federation, only twenty kilometers from the border of my blessed Mother Russia! This is more than an insult, this is an outrage! It seems that the corrupt and arrogant bankers and robber barons of the European Elite, along with their deluded American lackeys, are just not interested in hearing my rather reasonable proposals for peace, security, and economic stability.”
“Are you at liberty to state your proposals to the world television audience?”
“Certainly! All that the Russian People request is just a symbolic, um, token gesture of recognition by the corrupt EU to treat Russia as an equal European Nation, and to be acknowledged as the world's Premier Power, nothing more. America is in decline. The torch has been passed along to Russia, the last best hope for European Civilization to stem the growing threat from the heathen East. Twenty million Russian men, women, and children sacrificed their lives defeating the evil Fascist Beast in the great conflict of the last century, but alas, alas, to this very day, my countrymen are barely even mentioned in the so-called history books of the corrupt American and EU schools! You see, Fascism was not totally eradicated in the Great Patriotic War because it has always been ingrained deep in the bedrock of the so-called Democracies of the decadent and greedy West, thanks to the corrupt and evil inbred bankers of the Illuminati. A Corporate Fascism with a happy earnest face and a briefcase.”
Marsha cleared her throat. “You mentioned something about a proposal, Mr. Prime Minister?” 
“Yes! My proposal is this: I, Prime Minister Ptard, by the direction of the Russian People, will recall my armored divisions who had originally been deployed to protect my nation's natural gas pipelines from credible terrorist threats, and order them to fall back 100 kilometers from the Russian-Latvian border, until further notice. In return, all I want, all the Russian People want, is for Gregor Paulos, or any other of the ruling members of the Baldenbird Group, to meet me here outside, right here and now, to receive my reasonable proposals in person in front of the World Press, and then relay them back to the others, as I wait out here patiently by this barricade.”
“Is that all, Mr. Prime Minister?”
“Indeed, that is all. The entire world and God shall be our witness. I will wait here for 15 minutes. The Russian People have been waiting for so very long now, 15 extra minutes won't matter. I await!”
Ptard paused to adjust his mirror shades. “Thank you, Mrs. Portrero, Yak TV, Cindy Brillo, and the rest of the world.”

Five minutes later, an NCC News van screeched to a halt in front of the gate. Jared Steele hopped out the van and began to bark at his cameraman. Vlad sat quietly in the Yak TV van, as Steele approached with his wireless microphone, but Marsha stood and blocked his way. “Back off, Steele. Leave him be for a moment, OK?”
“What are YOU doing here, Portrero? Did you get a promotion?”
“Shut up, be quiet, and go set up over there. I suggest that you be ready for a breaking news story.”
Steele glanced over at Ptard, and then back to Marsha.
“OK, Portrero.”
Mantis glanced at his watch. “Nine minutes.”

Exactly one minute before Vlad's deadline, the Baldenbirders delivered their answer: Two tear gas canisters flew over the gate and exploded, sending Marsha, Mantis and the NCC News crew scrambling every which way. Vlad bolted from the van and took to his bicycle down the road like a banshee, followed by his bodyguards. Vlad pedaled furiously as he howled up at the sky. “Da budet tak!” 
So be it! This was it! It was now time to crush the EU, the Rothberg Banking Consortium, and the Baldenbird Criminal Cartel. The long overdue rectification of Russia's western borders, along with the reunification of all former vassal states and territories was now set to commence, but before he could issue the final order, loose ends needed to be attended to. Jade Shank, the Moist and Juicy Girls, and the treacherous Ophelia Cocoa Brown were all scheduled to be executed as spies on the castle roof, along with the incineration of the interfering Stephen Shank, Emma Godaddy and that grinning fraud, Mr. Mike Chen, the 'Grasshopper'. It was just too bad about Miss Godaddy.
Paulos' submarine was scheduled to be nuked at 3:00 PM. As for the Baldenbird Conference, undercover agitators leading a crowd of hopped-up peasants were ready to launch a frontal assault on the hotel itself, because Vlad wanted the attendees to be torn from limb to limb. No quarter! Snipers and drones were already in position to bring down any choppers leaving the hotel roof. POOF!
“Vpered k zamku, droogs!” (Onward to the castle, droogs!)

By the time Marsha and the Professor reached the Press area on foot, both of them were coughing profusely and weeping from the gas.
“Fools!” panted Mantis, as the Kerenski chopper came in for a landing on the Press area lily pad.
“There's Rex,” said Marsha.
“Right! What time does Phillip Hammer hit the stage, Portrero?”
“3 PM.”
“Less than one hour to Showtime! So you are heading over to that rock concert, you say?”
“I can't reach Shank or Mick Fairclo by phone, so I better get on over there.”
“Those agitators that you told me about?”
“Right. My spies tell me that some really bad operators have gathered by one of the sound towers and are surely up to no good. They could be GRU, or maybe Baldenbirder operatives. Who knows what they are planning?”
“Good luck, and do watch your rear end, Portrero! The Order needs you!”
“Likewise, Professor. If all goes well and we actually manage to survive this crazy business, let's get together for dinner on me, in beautiful downtown Riga!”

Kalashnikov and Dmitri held a quick palaver at the abandoned windmill and divided their forces. Dmitri took ten men with him into the tunnel, and Kalashnikov took the remaining twenty onward to the castle for a direct 'assault'. Dmitri briefed his platoon.
“We have twenty minutes to get through the basement. Hopefully the lower levels of the castle will be evacuated by then.” 
Kalashnikov had already phoned in the evacuation order: Terrorist bomb threat!
“Let's go, boys!” Dmitri was all but ready to kick some ass. “Nobody lives forever!”

52: “Free the Moist and Juicy Girls!”

NCC NewsWire, Dagda, Latvia
This just in: Three massive C-130 cargo planes just made several passes over the Free The Moist and Juicy Girls and DMZ Reunion Free Concert site and airdropped an estimated one million Third Eye Patches on the ecstatic crowd, estimated at between 500 and 750 thousand. O-M-G this is freaking fantastic! Oops, I mean… stay tuned for further developments—

Mick Fairclo, an old mate of Shank's from London, had been hired on as crew boss and head sound man for the Moist Girls concert. Fairclo's resume was impressive. Although a fair guitarist, he made his bones as a freelance journalist in Africa and the Middle East. In reality he had been a stringer for MI6, but he experienced a change of heart after participating in a few 'black' operations, and got out of the game when the going was good. These days he was a successful record producer and owner of several nightclubs in Soho and south London. Mick's father, the legendary Tommy Fairclo, had been the original owner of Pegg's Pub, until he was strangled by Boris Danko, back during the London gang wars. Mick was overseas at the time (a jail in Kazakhstan) when his Yankee half-sister Susan returned to London in the aftermath of that tragic affair, and when Mick was busted out of prison by Russian Special Forces, they reconnected. 
Susan had arrived in London as a dizzy, chubby SoCal Valley Girl, but underwent a transformation into a slim, capable, (and deadly?) force of nature, and these days was a hotshot private detective. Go figure. Sometimes a traumatic experience can fundamentally change a person, Mick often mused. 
Hell, look at me. 
Mick was glad to be a part of Shank's concert. Good things were in the future. The news was already out, and confirmed by Shank and Jim Dung: DMZ was now set to do a series of concerts in Europe, and gasp: London Town. The UK homecoming of Steve Shank and DMZ was surely going to be the musical event of the decade (barring a Boy George and Culture Club reunion!) and Fairclo had been tapped to run the show. 
Meanwhile, back in the here-and-now, there was this pesky matter of pulling off this free concert safely. Shank was currently in a state of high anxiety because the Grasshopper was late, as usual. Mike Chen had been enlisted to handle the vocal chores, because Jim Dung's vocal chops were just a memory, thanks to two decades of booze, cigarettes, and dope. Chen had been too busy to attend the rehearsals in Finland, but had assured Shank that he practiced daily by jamming with tapes. He also participated in several 'virtual' sessions with the boys, via an OtherNet satellite hookup.
Shank's soon-to-be daughter-in-law, Emma Godaddy had rehearsed with the boys in Finland, and was ready to stand in for Chen, if necessary.
(Now nineteen years old, the foxy but multi-talented Emma was worth 500 million dollars, thanks to her marketing mojo when she was a child star on the Goofy Network.)
“Damn the man!” Shank ranted, back behind the massive stage near the helicopter lily pad. “I could just strangle him, goddammit! Where the bloody hell is he, pray tell?”
“Chen just called from the Riga heliport,” said Fairclo, as he reviewed his cheat sheet on a clipboard. “Says he will be here in twenty minutes.”
“OK, let's see if Emma can extend her set… hell, all she needs to do is shake her bum and cartwheel around a bit, you know?”
“Don't I, Shank. Watch out, she just might steal the show, you know.”
“That's more than fine with me, Mick.”
Emma Godaddy and her Rubber Band delivered an interesting blend of high lonesome synth acid jazz. Emma skat (sang?) stream of consciousness wordless 'vocals' through a vocoder and sounded eerily like Miles Davis' trumpet during his Bitches Brew period. When the band kicked into extended instrumental jams, she did cartwheels across the stage and kicked her legs high above her head like a Radio City Rockette, in her dazzling flesh-colored leotard, silk stockings and garter belt. (A tall black top-hat ala the Mad Hatter was pinned securely to her gold and blue-streaked mop of strawberry blonde hair.) Needless to say, thanks to the twenty-five massive visual screens placed about the surrounding area, the crowd of 750,000 cheered and whooped enthusiastically for Emma's rave-up performance.
Jim Dung couldn't help himself and dashed out onto the stage and did a very dirty lambada with a laughing Emma, until Shank stormed out from the wings, bonked Dung atop his head with an empty water bottle, and hustled him off the stage.
“Wot the hell, Shankers?”
“Damn it, you bloody well know that I am engaged to her mother, Dung! Mind your manners!”
“Mercy, you bugger! Wot's the problem? Isn't she nineteen?”
“Blast it, man, there are plenty of willing twists backstage, not to mention your high-flying Missy Kanerva!”
“Jealous! —Hey look, I'll behave… I must've lost me head. Hmm, I wonder how the ladies are doing up there in that bloody balloon?”
The AeroRotica balloon glided serenely above the stage. Occasionally 'Miss Kanerva' and 'Miss Galadriel' would moon and flash their boobs to the crowd's delight. 
“Looks like she has the best seat in the house, Dung.”
Jim winked mischievously. “Not to mention the best knockers, Shankers!”
“You're hopeless, Dung!”
“Ain't life grand?”
Suddenly the crowd erupted with a massive roar!
“There they go again, Shankers! Wot on earth—”
“Why, I believe Emma is chanting in Russian.”
“Wot's she saying, mate?”
“Shush!”
Emma stood perfectly still now, as the band kicked into overdrive behind her. Eyes closed, Emma crooned into her wireless microphone:
Vlad, my znayem, chto vy do
v mrachnom nepriyatnuyu zamka
Osvobodite syroy i sochnoy Devushki
i priyti i prisoyedinit'sya k nam, Vlad
tantsevat' golym v tsvetakh!
(Vlad, we know what you are up to
in that gloomy nasty castle
Come and join us, Vlad
and dance naked in the flowers!
Free the Moist and Juicy Girls!)
“That-a-girl, Emma!” Shank murmured, almost like a prayer, “Sock it to that motherjumper!”
A helicopter approached from the west, circled, and set down on the pad. Mike Chen stumbled out of the chopper and promptly dashed over to a porta-potty just in time.
 “All is well,” yelped Shank. “The Grasshopper has landed!”
Emma and her kick-ass band wailed on.

53: The Black Widow Assumes Command

When the elevator door opened onto the penthouse level of the castle, it wasn't Cindy Brillo, but the Black Widow who emerged into the corridor outside Vlad's command post. It was only proper and fitting that Ophelia 'Cocoa' Brown assume sole command and control of the endgame of her final mission.
Two guards stood by Vlad's command post entrance, and without warning or ado, Brown raised her .9 millimeter Yarygin pistol (under a fresh towel) and shot them both dead at close range. “That wath for Thindy 'n Cathy.” Without ado, she punched in the security code on the door touch-pad. Brown already knew the code because Vlad had been holding poor Cindy's head up by her hair when he had foolishly brought her up here to show off his toys and bullshit. Cindy's trained eyes easily read (and memorized) the 6 digit code. When the door slid open, she strode right in and jammed her pistol right into the forehead of an astonished flunky sitting at Vlad's computer workstation. She then yanked him to his feet by his necktie.
“Vy tol'ko odin zdeth'?” (Are you the only one up here?)
“I do speak English, Yankee. Your lisp is atrocious.”
Brown pistol-whipped him for being snarky. “Be polite, ath-hole”
“Excuse me for doing my job, Miss Brillo.”
“I think ith time you went job huntin'. —Dithable the lay-ther.”
“I cannot. Only the Prime Minister knows the access code.”
“Thut down the power.”
“Once again, I cannot. The unit's power supply is connected directly to the castle's power lines.”
Brown's ears perked up at the sound of a toilet flushing from behind a door.
“Who'th in the head?”
“Secretary.”
“Ith thee packin' a thide-arm, baby?”
“I don't know… I don't think so.”
“Aw thnap, leth go fetch your thecretary, comrade ath-hole.”
Brown marched the flunky over to the bathroom door and hissed into his ear. 
“Don't move, or I'll blow your vuggin' head off.”
Brown then slammed the man's head against the door, and yelled out loud: 
“Vykhodith podnyatymi rukami na golove!”
(Come on out with your hands on your head!)
Brown then stood to the side of the door jamb. Suddenly several bullets slammed right through the door and into the hapless flunky's torso. Brown feigned a scream as the man dropped to the floor. The door burst open, and a young woman holding a Luger pistol stepped out and gaped dumbly at the dead flunky at her feet. Brown then shot her in the head, and that was that.
“That wuth for Jade 'n the Juithy Girlth.”
Brown squatted down and removed a sleek cell phone from the secretary’s belt. She then returned to the outer hallway for the medical cart, and dragged the dead guards into the command post. After shutting the security door, she then fired several muffled shots into the security keypad, which shorted out with a burst of sparks and smoke. Finally, she gathered up all of the firearms she could find and stashed them at the bottom of a paper recycle bin. (Go green, Vlad!) She kept her own 'liberated' pistol in her pocket. Brown was breathing hard at this point and knew that she was running on fumes. Time was running out.
The Laser.
Brown cautiously opened the roof door a crack, and saw that the roof was empty.
I better get crackin'.
When Brown stepped out into the brilliant sunshine, she suddenly felt a wave of heat and dizziness. Her legs felt like rubber, and she discovered to her dull surprise that one of her ribs was poking out through a hole in her bloody nurse's uniform.
“Not yet!” Brown tottered unsteadily and fell to her bleeding knees.
“Oh blath, I do be-lieve I'm outta gath.” 
Brown sat down hard and flipped open the cell phone. She managed to punch three digits before she gave up and shuddered violently before passing out.

Oh to float so lazily in the soothing darkness.
“Ophelia Brown, front and center!”
“Go 'way.”
“Ten HUT! Fall in line, Greenhorn!”
“Fall in line? What is this happy crap?”
“It's time to move out.”
Cocoa squints in the blinding light. “Move out to where?”
“Where do you think, young lady?” The voice is warm and affectionate, but rings with masculine authority: A father's authority.
A large man in a dress uniform stands before her in the light.
“Papa?”
Colonel Cornelius T. Brown, USMC, bearer of the Navy Cross, and hero at the evacuation of Saigon, where he lost his right leg in the line of duty. Stern, but loving father of six boys, servicemen all, and one hardcase firecracker named Ophelia, who could outrun, out-jump, and out-shoot the whole lot of them, back in Atlanta Georgia, a very long time ago in a galaxy far, far, away.
“Papa, is that really you?”
“Who else would it be? Your mother is waiting over yonder with your gran' folks. It's time for you to move along, child. The Judge is waiting, but he is a fair judge.”
Cocoa stiffens and shuts her eyes tight. “I'm pretty sure that I won't be gittin' no pardon from no judge, 'cause I ain't sorry 'bout nothin'… b'sides, I've got some unfinished business n' a score t' settle… I can't let go, Papa… not jus' yet.”
A female speaks in a soft, refined voice.
“She wants so very much to hold the Emperor one last time…”
Cocoa opens her eyes and gazes at Cathy Braunstein's feminine form, silhouetted in the light. 
“You abandonin' ship, Braunstein?”
“It was a good run, cousin, but heck—I never really existed, you know.”
“Sure you did, honey. Jus' like Cindy… that po' child…”
Another silhouette steps into the light. 
“I'm here too, Cocoa,” says Cindy Brillo. “Good Lord, it's really beautiful here.”
“No no no, not yet! Like I tol' y'all, there's somethin' I gotta do, somethin' I gotta finish…”
Colonel Brown speaks again.
“You have been granted a short furlough, daughter, so you can wrap up your affairs, but you mustn't delay. You have received your orders. It's time to move out.”
The light fades from Cocoa's eyes and she drifts over a bleak landscape of alkali plains that lay under a milk-white sky that stretches endlessly into infinity. Somewhere in the distance, a baby cries. 
“I'm comin' child, I'm comin'…”
The green hills of Earth appear on the far horizon and roll out before her eyes: Blue skies, puffy white clouds, evergreen pine forests and the pristine lakes of Mother Russia and Sister Latvia, to the west. 
Cocoa Brown slowly descends back down to the roof of Vlad's castle.

 54: Come Together

Reddy Half Moon Putney took to the stage and sat down behind his drums. He didn't even wait for the rather obnoxious German DJ to announce DMZ, but dove right into a drum solo, just to get the kinks out. The DJ tried to talk over the drums, but after a signal from Jim Dung, Mick Fairclo cut the feed from the DJ's wireless microphone. 
“Get off the bloody stage, you Nazi wanker!” yelled Reddy. The doofus just stood there with his mouth wide open, as Dung came out onto the stage and popped open a can of suds all over the humiliated DJ and the crowd roared its approval. As the man retreated from the stage with his tail between his legs, Dung nonchalantly plugged in his 6 string bass, and began to walk the dog, laying down a solid groundwork for Shank and Michael Chen, who at that very moment was throwing up behind the stage. Situation normal for the Grasshopper! As always, Chen recovered quickly and finally strode out onto the stage. The crowd-beast roared when he began to chug a brisk railroad groove on his blues harp, and Jim Dung whooped with joy. As Mike steered Dung and Reddy into Bayou Country, a fleet of helicopters dropped buckets of lake water onto the sun-baked crowd. After maybe five minutes or so, the crowd heard the first notes from Steve Shank's Les Paul Junior, before they were even aware that he was on the stage. (Shank had been sitting behind a row of monitors the whole time.) Shank let loose the first trademark chords of his signature tune, 'Sliding On Thin Ice', and the roar from the crowd was heard all the way to Riga! 
Emma Godaddy wasn't quite finished for the afternoon, however, when she cartwheeled back onto the stage and mischievously bumped hips with an ecstatic Jim Dung! Shank shook his head and laughed, in spite of himself.
Score another one for Dung! Wot the bloody hell do they SEE in him?
Mick Fairclo then pulled a fast one on Shank when he quietly strolled out onto the stage, plugged in a Fender Telecaster, and began to lay a solid rhythm into the mix, as a few more young women began to dance along the sides of the stage. Several Russian Army deserters, minus their guns and helmets, waved to the crowd and joined the dancers. 
It was then that Shank realized that this thing was now bigger than DMZ, and the band kicked into territory that he had never dreamed of during the rehearsals back in Finland. Shank rose to the challenge and delivered the performance of his career, not to mention his life. Dionysus descended.

55: Predannyye Sekretari

Colonel Kalashnikov was two kilometers from the castle gate when one his recon scouts relayed the news that the Prime Minister and two of his bodyguards were heading their way on bicycles, three kilometers behind them. Kalashnikov called for a halt, sighed in resignation, and contemplated his act of treason. 
“Tak nachinayetsya!” (So it begins!)
This should have been done a long time ago. So be it.
“String some razor wire across the road… hmm, right between those two trees.” 

Vlad's brain was pulsating like an underfilled water balloon as he pedaled his mountain bike furiously in the direction of the castle. The tear gas had jazzed him up a notch, although his bodyguards were still weeping and wheezing from the gas and lagging behind. For some reason, the road was curiously devoid of traffic. 
Something isn't quite right here.
Vlad's enhanced bug-eyes (and his hopped-up sense of danger) spotted the wire strung across the roadway, and he squeezed the brakes abruptly and skidded to a halt just inches from the wire, but to no avail: His bodyguards couldn't stop in time and they collided into him and everybody slid into the deadly wire. Vlad lowered his head just in time but the razor wire sliced off half of his right ear!
“Yaichki Trotskogo!” (Trotsky's testicles!)
Vlad, the bikes, and his goons all slid along the asphalt and came to rest in a tangled, bloody pile.
Saboteurs!
Vlad painfully emerged from the wreckage and saw that his bodyguards weren't going anywhere, except for possibly the morgue. Vlad's pants were ripped and he had cuts and abrasions all over his body. Shedding his tattered clothing, he took a shit by the side of the road and when he was finished he covered over his stools with dirt. He then stumbled onward naked and bleeding in the direction of the castle, leaving the dead men and the bicycles behind him.

The exodus was in full swing by the time Kalashnikov wheeled his jeep into the castle complex, followed by his squad in the back of a covered military truck. Soldiers, guards, secretaries, staff, and kitchen workers were streaming out of the castle into the front entry and parking area. Kalashnikov pulled up to a stop, and barked into his megaphone: “Attention! A neutron bomb has been discovered on the castle grounds. Please leave at once in the direction of the village of Blonti. ”
Well, that did it. The Colonel motioned a frightened young soldier over to him.
“Are any castle personnel left inside the structure?”
“None that I know of, sir—except for the Predannyye Sekretari, who won't budge.”
The Predannyye Sekretari (Devoted Secretaries) were the Prime Minister's four (!) personal secretaries, stone foxes, sisters to boot, and fiercely loyal to the Virile One.
“What about the Latvian guard detail?” Meaning Vlad's harem guards.
“Sir?” The soldier's face was blank and uncomprehending, although he was shaking  quite uncomfortably. 
“Never mind, soldier. Are the upper levels completely evacuated?”
“As far as I know, sir.”
“Carry on then, and help evacuate the civilian personnel to the village.”
“Yes, sir!”

Dmitri and his boys burst into the basement unopposed, and he made a beeline to the breaker box that served the castle. “Recon the hallway, while I cut the power.”
Dmitri then began to flick the breakers, two at a time, before shutting the main breaker. An alarm suddenly sounded, and as Dmitri turned toward the basement door, he heard the sound of machine guns—right outside in the corridor.
“Oh Saint Ivan,” he muttered as he released the safety on his AK-47. “Here we go.”
Dmitri burst into the corridor just in time to see a blonde woman with an AK in her hands disappear around the corner. Along the hallway in front of his eyes lay his men, all dead, alas, to a man. The rather fetching and attractive woman must have gotten the jump on them. Dmitri had no time to curse or say a prayer for these poor boys, and he dashed around the corner after the fleeing woman. He didn't even wait for her to raise her gun, but blew her right out of her high-heels with her skirt hunched up unladylike and her AK still clutched in her hands. 
Trust a woman to fool you every time.
More shooting could be heard down the hallway toward the west side of the castle.
“Sokhranyat' ikh dushi.” Dmitri whipped out his cell phone as he cautiously made his way toward the stairwell that served the southern side of the castle. It was now time to break radio silence with 'Cindy Brillo'.
“YAKSATNASTYDRAGONFLY. Come in, Black Widow.”
Disconnected, no response. Dmitri then tried to connect with the Colonel on his shoulder radio, but got only static.
Proklyat'ye!

Colonel Kalashnikov strode through the front reception area, and greeted Sascha and Fanya, two of the four Predannyye Sekretari sisters. Very attractive, these sisters.
Where are the other two?
“Please excuse me for intruding, Madame Sekretari, but my orders are to secure the castle from a credible terrorist threat, so you will have to evacuate your station at once.”
The women looked scared and uncertain, so Kalashnikov smiled to reassure them.
“Do not fear, ladies. I have everything under control—”
Blonde Sascha raised an AK-47 from under her desk and blew Kalashnikov and most of his guts across the entryway. Brunette Fanya pulled out her AK likewise, and began to unload on the stupefied soldiers. 
Only six of the Colonel's squad of twenty made it out the front doors in a panic, with the Predannyye Sekretari in pursuit. One of the soldiers tossed a hand grenade back behind his shoulder into the foyer, and when the sisters reached the doorway they shot him in the back right before they were blown to bits.

Vlad was panting heavily as he trotted up to the destroyed front entryway to the castle. The whole place appeared to be completely deserted, even the security checkpoint at the gate. Several dead soldiers lay near the shot-out front doors.
“Svolochi!” (Bastards!)
Vlad was a hopped-up zombie by then, totally in the zone. He stepped over the gory, porous remains of Fanya Sekretari in the foyer, and slid right onto his ass in a pool of blood and dung. He stuck his finger into Fanya's headless neck and licked it clean. 
“Gm, gm, khorosho!” 
Vlad instinctively knew in his bones that Kakao Braunivitch (Cocoa Brown) was on the loose somewhere in the castle. His hopped-up radar told him so.
In another life, we could have ruled the world, side by side, my deadly Kakao.
He decided to go directly up to his harem on the third level, because the time had come for Green Girl Shankivitch to face the music and become (at long last) intimately acquainted with the Virile One. This was ordained to be. Time was running out, and there was only twenty minutes to go before Sauron's laser eye unleashed Armageddon. 
Vlad stepped lightly over the corpse of Colonel Kalashnikov and picked up an AK-47. When he reached the nearest elevator, he wasn't surprised to find that it was inoperative. The power was out, along with the emergency generators. Vlad shrugged, and limped his way toward the northern stairway, ignoring the scurrying shadow elves, pixies and castle gnomes. “Privetstvuyu printsa Lyutsifera!” (All hail Prince Lucifer!)

“Vzryv!” Dmitri murmured as he stood dumbly at the third level landing. “Chert eto vse!” (Confound it all!)
The corridor before him was in a state of complete deconstruction, and totally impassable, thanks to the extensive retrofitting project underway. The gap was too wide to jump across, damn the luck! He needed to find another way to the old servants quarters where he was certain the young women were being held.
What to do?
Heating ducts!
Dmitri poked around among a pile of tools and construction materials and grabbed a few large grappling hooks and a length of cable. 
We'll get there. Derzhites devochki!

DMZ had been on stage for more than an hour and Mike was belting out his new tune 'Grasshopper's Blues' when Damien and Judy steered AeroRotica One away from the concert and glided over across the lake towards the Baldenbird Complex. Vlad's castle could be seen in the distance, along with the thousands of Russian troops massed at the border in hundreds of military transport vehicles.
Both girls were strapped securely in their solar powered glider suits and vests containing high explosives. It was now come-to-Gaea time for the Illuminati Elites, security goons, hired whores and spare wheels. Judy's radio-tracked target was Energy Hog Mel Trunkdale, and Damien's was (of course) her dear old daddy, ex-President Phillip 'Thor' Hammer, along with that old maniac Wilbur Prescott.

Cocoa Brown opened her eyes and squinted in the sunshine. 
“I do believe I'm back in the runnin', baby,” she whispered as she sat up painfully with the beeping phone still clutched in her hand. She reset and rapidly punched in the digits: YAKSATNASTYDRAGONFLY.
“Nasty Dragonfly.” chirped a robot voice in her ear, “Identify.”
“Black Widow. Connect me t' DIMI ONE, baby.”
The phone rang three times and Dmitri actually answered.
“Dimi One. Condition YUGO. Do you need any assistance, Brillo?”
“Never mind 'bout me, Dimi boy. Yugo, you thay? Where are you?”
“I'm working my way through an old heating duct, maybe twenty or so feet below the third level on the east side of the castle. I believe that the captives are right above me—I can hear voices and movement up there.”
“Good man! —Lithen up: I'm up on the roof. Re-tard's got himthelf a Thauron layther up here, primed 'n pointed at that rock thow, over yonder. I'm goin' to dithable it, like right now. From where I am, it looka like a lot o' folkth have thplit the cath-ill, baby. Whath happenin' down there?””
“The entire castle has been evacuated.”
“Don't count on it—Vwlad's aroun' here thomewhere, I kin feel it. Git those girlth outta here, y'hear?”
“Roger, Black Widow. Keep this line open, and I'll get up to that roof as soon as I can.”
Suddenly the line went dead. “Hey, Dimi! Do you copy?” 
Brown tottered to her feet and yanked her loose rib right out of her nurse's uniform. She studied it dumbly for a moment and then tossed it aside. 
“Thath's better. I better get to work.”
Brown stumbled her way across the roof, but this time she kept her feet. She pressed hard against her side as she halted before the laser, which was blinking faintly.
“What iddy dith voodoo?”
A little LED display read: 12:59. 12:58. 12:57.
“Aw thit, this mudderth live 'n kickin' alright.”
Brown lowered herself painfully to her knees and went to work.

This was it: The endgame and last dance between Jade of the Green Stone and Vladimir Ptard, Prime Minister of the Russian Federation, and the most powerful and virile man in the world. The time had come. Vlad stood naked and silent before the sliding security door of the harem, and contemplated the overflowing rivers of maple syrup that ran down the stainless steel door. 
“Prinesite na tantsy demonov devochek!”
Bring on the dancing demon girls!
Vlad didn't even care about becoming Greater Czar of Eurasia at this stage of the game, possibly because his head was in the stratosphere and his mind was in complete meltdown. And as for his penis—well, let's don't go there. Vlad was ready to go out in a blaze of glory, and the whole freaking world could be blasted into cinders, for all he cared.
“Prikhodite i umeret' so mnoy, moi zelenyye glaza Jade Shankivitch.”
(Come and die with me, my green-eyed Jade Shankivitch.)
Vlad fondled his AK and took a deep breath. Everything was so scary and beautiful!
Vlad punched in the security code, and the door slid open.

Jade and the Moist and Juicy Girls stood silently on the other side of the door, armed with tasers, clubs, slingshots, water balloons, and crossbows. Sweet Machala from Helsinki trembled as she clutched the 'kill switch': a length of rope that was looped around the front legs of the shaky makeshift platform where the naked and bound Les Boys stood in a row. The table legs weren't very steady, but the nooses around their necks were looped good and tight. The terrified boys stood on their tiptoes in puddles of their own urine, and more than a few of them whimpered and cried at the unfairness of it all. This wasn't what they signed up for! As Yogi Patmos could have told them: “Ka.”
Jade suddenly felt a chill as she caressed her crossbow.
“He's here,” she whispered.
The door slid open.

56: Machala

I have wanted to kill myself a hundred times, but somehow I am still in love with life. ― Voltaire

Vlad announces himself with a burst from the AK into the ceiling as Jade lets loose her arrow, which misses his head by inches. Vlad continues into the room and Lithia fires her crossbow but her arrow misses him also. Vlad laughs gleefully as he fires another burst and destroys the observation window as most of the girls flee screaming into the sleeping quarters. Vlad steps into the center of the common room and stops short when he beholds Les Boys, naked and pathetic as he is, lined up along the platform. Machala quivers with fear as she stands there in her SS costume with the 'kill switch' rope in her trembling hands.
“Stop right there, Vlad. Please don't come any closer, or I'll set your boys to swinging!”
Vlad smiles like a spider. “Oh my succulent and saucy Machala! Oh how I have yearned for you, deep in the darkest of sleepless nights.”
“I'll pull it, I swear to God!”
“Don't swear, my frosty Finnish feline.” Vlad spins around and smiles at Jade, who is frantically fumbling with her crossbow. “Do you need any assistance with that contraption, Green Girl?”
The Virile One shakes his head in disgust at Les Boys. “You ate from my table, drank my wine, snorted my finest cocaine from Peru, and buggered the boys that I brought to you… only to let a few helpless girlies get the jump on you.”
Machala gasps in alarm as Vlad fires a burst at the legs of the makeshift scaffold, and the screaming boys stagger forward and swing into space. Jade lets loose her second arrow, but it  misses Vlad and strikes one of the gurgling boys, dangling grotesquely from his noose. Lithia fires likewise as Vlad whirls around and effortlessly swats her arrow aside with the AK! Durga of the Moist Girls points her taser and fires, but nothing happens. Machala jumps on Vlad's back and attempts to grab the AK, and Vlad spins around and around like a ballet dancer and tosses Machala, AK in her hands, right out the observation window. Machala sails fifty feet without a sound to her death on the jagged rocks fifty feet below. Vlad howls triumphantly as Jade, Lithia, and Durga attack him with their fists, claws, and teeth. Katrin and some of the other girls join in. The bodies of Les Boys swing back and forth and bounce and bobble around the action. 
Vlad hunches and punches like a prizefighter! He decks Durga with a left hook, and Katrin with a roundhouse right. Jade shoves her taser up Vlad's butt and pulls the trigger, but nothing happens. Lithia grabs hold of Vlad's testicles, but loses her grip. Vlad gets Jade into a headlock and shouts jovially into her ear: “A friendly little blowjob could have prevented all of this, you know! And now look where we are!” 
Vlad punches Lithy in the face with his left fist, as he hustles Jade toward the exit, oblivious to the kicks and blows from the girls. 
“Let me tell you something, Green Girl. In less than ten minutes, your father is going to be fried just like a shishkebob, and I am going to be up on the roof with the best seat in the house! Come and join me, and we can make love as your father dies!”
Jade slides out Vlad's clutches as he fumbles with the security code-pad at the sliding door. 
“Hey, Vlaaaaddd!”
Vlad turns around just as Lithia's piss-filled water balloon explodes right above his head, soaking him with urine. Jade scrambles out of the way but gets sprayed as well. Vlad stands stupidly frozen in humiliation as Durga lobs her balloon and scores a direct hit on his chest. Vlad's brains begin to boil in his skull as the girly-piss runs down his belly and drips from his penis like a leaky spigot.
“This is for Machala,” says Jade, as she heaves her loaded balloon as hard as she can, right smack into his face. Vlad shrieks as the door slides open, and he flees!
“Don't let him get away!” Jade hollers.
Jade and Lithia barely make it out the door before it slides shut behind them.
“Where did he go?” The stone corridor is empty. “We need to get up to the roof!”

57: Cocoa Brown's Last Stand

Cocoa Brown, after failing to disable the laser, decided that it would be for the best just to toss the whole frigging thing over the side of the castle. Six bolts held the weapon in place on the platform that jutted over the roof parapet. She hacked away at the roof with a loose roofing tile and managed to free two of the bolts. She then stopped to rest, and decided to wad up her nurses unform to plug up the gaping wound in her side. As she pulled the bloody dress up over her head, Vlad sprung onto her back like a cat. Cocoa fumbled for her pistol but it slipped out of her hands and bounced over the side of the roof.
“I will always love you, Ophelia,” said Vlad as he slammed her head down onto the roof. “You were the best, absolutely the best.”
Cocoa punched Vlad where his ear used to be and then bit down onto his nose until it snapped like a pretzel and spouted blood like horrorshow. Vlad screamed as he popped out Cocoa's left eye with his index finger.
“Kiss me one last time, Cindy Brillo!”
“Cindy wen' fithin', you muvverfuckin' fudge packer.”
The battle of the Titans commenced on the rooftop as the laser began to hum.
Jade and Lithia emerged out onto the rooftop, crossbows in their hands. 
“Wait, Lithy,” yelled Jade, but Lithia let loose an arrow that unfortunately missed Vlad but struck Brown in the neck. Vlad hoisted Brown in front of him as a shield, but Jade squeezed off a shot that scored a direct hit into Vlad's right kneecap. Vlad staggered, but kept his footing as he tossed Brown over the side of the castle. Miraculously, Brown grabbed the base of the laser and clung for dear life, with the arrow still protruding from her neck. Vlad lowered his head like a bull and charged right into Jade, knocking her off-balance, as her fingernails tore his face open to the cheekbone. Vlad lifted her clean off her feet as she pounded him about his head and shoulders with her fists. Vlad was just a berserking meat puppet at this point and was completely oblivious to Jade's blows. He snatched her right hand and bit down on her index finger right down to the bone. Jade shrieked in agony, as Vlad whirled her around and around in a spinning circle and tossed her clean across the roof. Jade's head struck the laser, knocking it nearly loose from its bolts. Jade lost her balance and slid right over the side, but desperately caught hold of the low parapet, only inches next the struggling Cocoa Brown, who was bleeding profusely from her neck wound. Jade's right foot found a toehold on a jutting piece of stonework about one inch wide, and she hauled herself halfway over the jutting parapet just as the stone gave way.
Meanwhile, Lithia whacked Vlad on the top of his head with her crossbow but he was a robot at this point, immune to pain, and oblivious of his cracked and bleeding skull and the arrow protruding from his knee. Vlad hooked the front of Lithia's bra with his clawlike fingers and yanked her close, crotch against crotch. Vlad's throbbing penis was ready, willing, and able as he tore Lithia's bra loose and bit her hard right on her left breast. Lithia shrieked as Vlad threw his head back and howled hideously at the sky. Lithy then broke free and painfully scampered away on her hands and knees. 
Jade frantically struggled to pull herself back over the parapet, but couldn't swing her leg over the top. Brown placed her hand firmly on Jade's butt and shoved her back up onto the roof. Jade landed flat on her stomach with an audible grunt and an oof! Dazed, she spit out one of her front teeth and closed her eyes.

In a twinkling, Jade is engulfed in the ultraviolet presence of the Nous, whose voice is that of sounding brass and tinkling cymbals. Vlad and Lithia are frozen in the twilit ether. Mimi Syznic appears before Jade's eyes and lifts her to her feet. Jade is astonished as Mimi kisses her right on the lips. Once again, Jade is fascinated with Mimi's youthful, dark and smoldering beauty. 
“Mimi, I d-don't know if I can stop Vlad—he's all hopped up—”
Mimi takes Jade's face in her hands and shakes her gently. “Snap out of it, Jade! FOCUS! Look around you. Where is your weapon?”
Jade spies a length of rolled up come-along cable attached to the base of the laser.
“Let me help you,” says Mimi. “Watch me now.”
 Mimi rapidly loops the free end of the cable into a noose, and secures the come-along clamp. “There's your weapon. Fear no evil, Jade.”
“Thank you, Aunt Mimi!”
“Go clean that asshole's clock!”
Mimi fades away, along with the ultraviolet light.

Jade opened her eyes and ignored the pain and blood in her mouth as she rose shakily to her feet. 
I was quite fond of that tooth, asshole!
 Jade seized the coiled length of cable and hastily looped a noose, just like Aunt Mimi showed her. Noose in hand, she dashed up behind Vlad. Meanwhile, Lithia scrambled to her feet but Vlad was too quick for her. Plucking the arrow free from his knee, he jammed the business end deep into Lithia's gut, just as Jade jumped him from behind. Vlad grunted as Jade looped the noose around his neck and pulled the come-along tight, cutting off his air. Vlad jerked backwards and sat down onto his butt and began to choke and gag as Jade dashed back over to the parapet where she hooked her arms around Brown good and tight and yanked her up and back onto the roof. Vlad was still grunting and struggling with the cable as he tottered to his feet. Jade rapidly looped the other end of the cable three times around the blinking laser as Vlad stumbled his way toward her.
“Love me, Green Girl,” he gurgled.
With her last burst of strength, Jade shoved the laser, platform and all, over the side of the castle, yanking Vlad back onto his ass and along for the ride. 
“Have a nice death, Vlad.” 
Jade stepped aside as Vlad slid over the side of the roof without a sound. The laser crashed loudly down onto the rocks fifty feet below, but the cable snapped, leaving Vlad suspended in space, jerking spastic-like horrorshow from the castle's electrical cables like a fish on a line. Jade spit down onto Vlad in contempt, and then collapsed next to the unconscious Cocoa Brown. She almost passed out again, but suddenly stiffened at the sound of distant helicopter rotors. An indescribable feeling of certainty and sureness engulfed her senses and awareness, and she raised her head up and squinted into the afternoon sun.
“Daddy?”

58: Slug

Sauron's aborted microburst burned a perfect circular hole into the tie-dye canopy high above the stage, just as DMZ closed their set amid hologram-generated explosions and fireworks over the lake. Shank, Chen, and the others were completely oblivious of the burning canopy, what with all of the explosions and the massive roar of the crowd. Jim Dung was ecstatic as he lifted Emma Godaddy right off her feet. 
“We did it, lass!”
Mick Fairclo took Shank by the arm and bellowed into his ear, “Heads up Shank, the fucking canopy is on fire!”
Fortunately a gust of wind lifted the burning canopy up and away like a billowing sail, and deposited it safely into the lake.
Reddy Half Moon Putney wasn't finished. “Awesome FX! Why don't I give the crowd a little 'Slug' to send them on home.”
“Go for it, Putney,” said Shank. “Good idea; wind them all down—” 
'Slug' was Reddy's famous drum rave from the old days that usually went on for a half hour or more.
Fairclo shut his phone. “Troublemakers over by sound tower 4. Not to worry, Boss. My boys are on it.”
Shank, totally out of character, gave Mike Chen a bear hug. “We pulled it off, Grasshopper!”
“Just like the good old days, eh?” panted Mike, still in a rush. “Hey, look who's here!”
Marsha Portrero, out of breath herself, grabbed Shank's arm and gestured to Mike to follow her out behind the fenced-off stage area where a Latvian military helicopter was waiting, rotors spinning. Marsha indicated the pilot. “I promised this fine fellow that you will promptly pay him one hundred thousand dollars, Shank. We are going to visit a castle!”
“Me and Emma are going to jam with Reddy for a while,” hollered Dung, as Emma Godaddy clung to his arm. “I'm not even warmed up!”
“Come ON, Shank!” barked Marsha. “Things are happening, over at that castle!”
Shank was silent and thoughtful as the chopper lifted off, although Mike Chen felt like vomiting again. “Don't mind me… too much excitement! Carry on!”
Potrero explained that operatives had been all set to start a riot and a stampede in order to liven things up a bit, but someone with a conscience had spilled the beans on the bastards, who were duly surrounded and handcuffed by Mick Fairclo's boys. The thugs were then left to the mercy of the crowd, who sprayed them with soap suds and pelted them with trash, food, underwear, and human waste.
“Horrorshow,” said Mike with a smile, despite his rumbling stomach.
Shank gazed down at the multitudes, an epic scene of biblical proportions.
“My people…” 
Marsha pointed towards the east.
“Look at that! The Russians are retreating back to the border…”

59: Juno (2)

Rex touched down without incident onto the Baldenbird Conference roof, and the chopper was immediately surrounded by heavily armed security goons and droids. Rex's voice boomed out of the chopper's outer speakers: “JUNO, you turkeys. Stand DOWN.”
Mantis stepped out of the chopper, presented himself to the captain of the Baldenbird security detail, and produced a wad of currency (US dollars) from his jacket pocket. 
“I have an important message from the President of the United States, and must relay it to this gathering of whores, immediately. Order your men to clear this roof and retreat immediately from the premises if they ever want to see their loved ones again.”
The officer saluted Mantis, pocketed the wad of cash, and barked some orders at his detail. He then turned back to Mantis and waited obediently for instructions. 
“Lead on, Captain, and look lively.”

William Gallows II played the game to perfection, although his mind was in a neutral, almost robot-like mode. He bowed humbly and waved to the Baldenbird audience as he stepped away from the podium to enthusiastic applause. Willy (like his sainted and revered father) was blessed with an envious talent to deliver a spur of the moment on-the-spot speech for any occasion, without prepared notes. He had an impeccable memory for names and faces, and like the notorious Mike 'Grasshopper' Chen, he possessed an uncanny ability to entertain an audience with flowing sophistry, flattery, anecdotes, shout-outs, and jokes, but say absolutely nothing of substance at all. When Willy returned to his seat, Edward slapped him in the shoulder, and Krishna gave him a hug and a peck on both of cheeks.
“Well done,” said Edward, “in the grand tradition of your old man!”
“Hear, hear,” gushed Krishna. “I think I am in love, Willy boy!”
But after the applause faded, Willy sank back into his gloomy depression. The silly and stupid speech meant nothing, absolutely nothing. Nothing was real… nothing except his love for Petra Romain. Willy just could not get her face out of his mind.
I need to slip away from all these lunatics and get some fresh air!
Wilbur Prescott strode up to the podium with his walker and received a standing ovation, as ex-President Phillip 'Thor' Hammer waited in the wings. Prescott began his long-winded introduction and salutation for Thor, the keynote speaker of the conference and special guest of honor. Willy however, tuned out Prescott's rambling oratory, and drifted away and settled into a soothing daydream.
Petra approaches Willy on the windswept Irish beach. The wind tousles her dark brown hair and her white dress billows deliciously against the outline of her body. She laughs gaily as she carries her high heels in her hand. Willy smiles with joy and lifts her off her feet and swings her around and around as seagulls swoop and cheer them on.
There it was: Willy needed to find Petra and get down on his knees to apologize and then propose—even if he had to search the entire world over for her. Nothing else mattered, be it money, power, perks, or a honored place at the table with the Great Ones. He needed to get away from the Prince and all that he represented, even if it meant finding a real job like the rest of the poor sods out there in the real world! The Baldenbirders (including his late father), the Royal Family, and possibly even his brother Nigel, were all obscene fascist monsters who, in the spirit of current fashion, had traded in their uniforms and jackboots for Avocado EyeFones, Monkberry touch pads and NoseBook pages. 
I will not stand and be counted among them any more. 

There was a buzz in the conference room as Wilbur Prescott's microphone was cut, and Professor Mantis boldly stepped up to the podium like he owned it.
“Your time is up, you crazy old fool.”
The 91 year-old Prescott spit out his dentures in disbelief. “Daddy? Is that really you? Where's Mama?”
Senator Tamara Spinner stood up in outrage. “How DARE you — Just who the hell are you, anyway?”
“I, madame, am the one who will testify at YOUR sentencing, you nasty girl-slapping monster.”
Rene Bruno stood in her turn, and gestured impatiently to the nervous Captain. 
“Take this person outside and shoot him.”
Mantis leaned forward and looked Bruno right in the eye. 
“Testicules velus du Diable!” (The Devil's hairy testicles!)
Bruno gasped in fright and fainted backwards into her seat. A concerned Henri Mardoux rushed over to check her pulse. 
“Oh mon doux Lucifer, her heart has stopped!”
Rene immediately opened her eyes and shoved him away. 
“Get away from me, you crotchety old ghoul!” 
Mardoux staggered to his feet with tears in his eyes. Krishna O'Bannon took old Mardoux in his arms and gave him a great big hug. “Don't mind that dried up she-hag! You have such a beautiful soul…”
“JUNO!”
Everybody turned their attention back to Mantis, who just stood and looked at his watch, until the room quieted down.
“My name is Professor Walpole Mantis, and I am your deepest, darkest nightmare, you arrogant inbred idiots. And although the REAL heads of DeathCo are not actually here in person, all of you here in this room are going to take the fall for your masters, and are hereby on notice: As of right this very minute, all of your properties and assets in the United States have just been seized and frozen by a special Executive Order, issued by President Morgan. Lawyer up everybody, and good luck to you all!”
Many of the Baldenbirders were already flipping open their cell phones and making a bee-line for the exits. Mantis laughed heartily at their backs. “Flee! Flee!”
A red-faced Phillip Hammer approached the podium and bellowed: “The famous Walpole Mantis! Yeah, I know who you are! Such a big shot! Well let me tell YOU something, Mantis: You and that whore bitch Morgan are dead, dead, DEAD!”
“Oh dear. Why wasn't I informed?”
Just then a very loud rumble rocked the building. Suddenly gunfire and screaming could be heard from right outside the building, and a growing panic began to sweep the room.
“The peasants are restless,” chuckled Mantis as the Captain grabbed him by the arm and hustled him to the backstage area behind the podium. “It's about time.”
“Come this way to the security elevator, sir.”
“Carry on, Captain.”
Evil Prince Edward kept his head, and yanked a dazed Willy Gallows to his feet. “To the elevators, Gallows!”
Energy Hog Mel Trunkdale ditched his 'escort', the Lady Noory of Westphalia, and fought his way through the mob to the service elevators, where he cold-cocked a busboy who was too slow to get out of his way. Prince Edward plowed through the crowd and saw that Mel's super-size butt was preventing the elevator door from closing, and he grinned like the devil. “Come ON, Gallows!”
Mel was struggling with a Dutch oil executive trying to get into the elevator, as Edward strode right up with his Luger and pistol-whipped the Dutchman on the side of his head and shoved the unfortunate doofus out of the way. Gallows doubled over to wretch, but Edward yanked him up by the collar, and shoved him into Trunkdale's arms.
“Hold him up, that's a chap! Suck in that gut and give me some room, you bloody gasbag!”
Krishna O'Bannon brought up the rear, having fought his way through the stampede. His black eye shadow was smeared with blood. 
“Don't leave me, Eddie!”
“Then get your bloody arse in here, you stupid bitch!”
The elevator door closed, and Prince Edward, Gallows, O'Bannon, and Trunkdale silently rode together up to the heli-pad roof, where their helicopters and pilots waited.

Gregor Paulos suckled greedily at his wet nurse’s ample breast as he watched the live feed from the Baldenbird stage on his wide-screen monitor in his luxurious salon. He gasped in disbelief and spit out a mouthful of milk as Professor Walpole Mantis strode up to the podium and pulled the plug on dizzy old Wilbur Prescott.
“Where the hell did HE come from?”
Paulos suddenly had a bad feeling, a VERY BAD feeling, and he slid off his nurse's lap and dashed (on his very own little legs!) into the submarine pilot room and barked to the droids at the controls: “Lift us up and out of here and set a course for Beerenberg at once!”
“Reactor step-up in progress, Captain,” beeped the pilot droid. “100 seconds to core  totality.”
Paulos paced nervously in circles.
“Walpole Mantis? I smell a rat here! —Morgan!” 
“60 seconds to totality. Please take a seat and strap yourself in, sir.”
The big wet nurse scooped Paulos up into her arms and scurried over to a seat.
“30 seconds to totality.”
“The nerve of that redheaded vixen,” muttered Paulos, “oh how she will pay!”
The big nurse held him tight between her gargantuan pillow-like breasts, and he began to suckle from her proffered nipple.
“10 seconds to totality,” beeped the droid. Paulos slurped and sighed as the nurse began to stroke his flaccid genitals.
“How in hell did that amateur whore manage to pull a fast one on ME? Sweet Satan, has Morgan indeed, grown a pair? The plot thickens—”
Gregor Paulos never had a chance to finish his sentence, thanks to the ultrasound tracking device that Vladimir Ptard had stealthily attached to the sub's outer hull during his midnight visit with Cindy Brillo. The tracking beam guided a small neutron torpedo fired from an unmanned drone submarine, and Paulos, the nurse, the droids, and his floating pleasure island instantly evaporated in great flash of light, heat, and steam.

Professor Mantis and the Captain punched, kicked, and fought their way back through the security area behind the stage, followed closely by Phillip Hammer and Old Man Prescott.
“Hey, Mantis—” Hammer tapped him on the shoulder, and Mantis whirled around to see a pistol pointed in his face. “You can tell me—that firery bitch Morgan whacked poor old Lasher, didn't she?”
“Bleeding Bog, Hammer! Never, EVER, point a firearm at a person if the safety's on, you blithering idiot.”
Hammer dumbly looked down at the gun in his hand. “Huh?”
Mantis' fist connected with Hammer's left temple. Thwonk!
Hammer staggered backwards and fell on his ass, as Mantis snatched the pistol out of his hand and shoved it into his coat pocket. 'Thor' farted loudly as he rose shakily to his feet. “You son of a bitch! —aw hell, honor is due, Mantis.”
“Sucker! By the way, I voted for your opponent, you stupid arsehole.”
“Touche.”
Senator Prescott had managed to retain possession of his walker, despite the chaos all around them. His bony fingers clutched the Professor's arm. 
“Why are you so displeased with me, Father?”
“Prescott, did you know that Prince Lucifer takes it right up his smelly pimply bunghole, like absolutely hardcore?”
“Daddy?”
The Captain fired a few shots into the ceiling and Hammer, Prescott, and their spare wheels scattered in panic. 
“Come this way, Professor, I have cleared a path to the security elevator.”

Edward and Willy burst out onto the roof, followed by Krishna and Trunkdale. The roof accommodated six helicopters, but only four were in evidence: Mel's Boeing, Henri Mardoux's custom Agusta 139, Phillip Hammer's Bell JetRanger, and Professor Mantis' Kerenski.
“Where the bloody hell is my chopper?” Edward bellowed. “Where's the fucking security detail—” 
Chubby Mel Trunkdale shoved Krishna out of his way and dashed across the roof to his helicopter. “Good luck, Winzer!” he yelled, without looking back.
The Prince looked about, and weighed his options. 
“Hey you!” Edward pulled out his Luger automatic and strode over to the Kerenski. Rex Andromedas removed his headphones as the Prince stepped up and waved the Luger in his face. “I hereby acquisition this transport by the authority of—”
Rex raised up his Uzi and smiled earnestly.
“Repeat that last, your Bloody Highness?”
Edward backed off and moved on to old man Mardoux's Agusta chopper, where a French Legionnaire raised up his hands. 
“Start her up up, Frenchie, if you ever want to see Gay Paree again.”
“I prefer St. Tropez myself.”
“Just do it.”
Meanwhile, Mel strapped himself in and barked at his pilot: “Punch it! —What? Screw Madam Noory! Lift this sucker up and get us out of here!”
Just then a loud explosion rocked the whole complex. Mel's chopper lifted off at a crazy angle, barely missing the corner of the roof. 
“Watch it, you crazy fool!” Mel bellowed.
“Hey, do me a favor and shut the fuck up,” yelled the pilot, “or I'll take you right back to that roof and toss you out on your big fat ass.”
More explosions and the rat-a-tatting of machine gun fire could be heard in the distance. A black plume of smoke billowed up from the corner of the building and bullets pinged across the rooftop!
“Bloody hell!” Edward hopped in beside the Frenchman and shoved him aside.
“Come on, Willy!”
Gallows scrambled into the chopper, Krishna one step right behind him.
“Hey Eddie, someone's SHOOTING at us! Shooting at ME—”
Krishna suddenly clutched his belly. “Oh bleedin' bugger I've been SHOT —”  
The Prince ignored Krishna and studied the Agusta controls. 
“No problem.” Edward suddenly grabbed the startled Frenchy by his collar and tossed him out of the chopper, and then booted poor Krishna out with him, right onto the roof. 
“EDDIE!” Krishna staggered to his knees and threw up blood. 
“So sorry, Krishna love, tough's the luck, but you are just dead freight now! Good luck, and give my regards to Broad Street!”
Edward lifted off, just as the roof shuddered from another explosion. Krishna used the last of his ebbing strength, and desperately clung to one of the chopper's skids. “No, Eddie! Don't leave me!”
Cursing, Edward veered the Agusta around and over the Baldenbird entrance area, and he saw that hundreds upon hundreds of peasants had overwhelmed the barricades, troops, and goons and were assaulting the building. Molotov cocktails rained against the outer walls and windows.
“Where the bloody hell did all these people come from?”
“Good God,” muttered Gallows, who still was in a daze. Suddenly a spinning drone hovercraft came up right behind Krishna and began spitting out bullets like an old-fashioned Gatling gun. Krishna's legs were riddled with bullets but he managed to hold onto the chopper skid for dear life. 
“I love you Eddie… please take me home…”
Gallows looked down into Krishna's frightened eyes and whispered, “Go to the Devil, you monster.”
Suddenly a bright red hole opened up in Krishna's forehead, and he plummeted downward into the raging mob. More bullets stitched the chopper as Edward began to gain altitude. Suddenly a human glider whizzed right by Edward's astonished face, and he looked right into the mad green eyes of a woman with hair as red as his own!
HARPY!
Meanwhile, Professor Mantis and the Captain scrambled across the shaky roof, and climbed into the Kerenski. Mantis clutched his chest and caught his breath. 
“It's hand-to-hand fighting downstairs! The Captain and I got in a few good punches ourselves!” 
Mantis pointed over to the lone Bell JetRanger chopper on the far side of the roof. “Phillip Hammer's transport, I do believe. He better get his sorry arse up here! Damn it all, I wish I had a hand grenade! No matter — get us up and out of here, my fine fellow.”
Mantis then tossed Hammer's pistol out onto the roof, and then doubled over and threw up on his shoes.

Harpy Judy Baggins glided around the perimeter of the complex and her tracker came alive when Mel's chopper lifted off the hotel roof. 
“The traitor flees!” 
Judy removed her visi-goggles, and made straight for the chopper. This was it. Five seconds before she collided with Mel's helicopter they both looked into each others eyes. Mel and his hapless pilot screamed, but Judy laughed gaily. The chopper morphed into a fireball and continued to glide like a dying meteor for another quarter mile or so before plummeting into the cold waters of Lake Latvia.

Harpy Damien Darkstar touched down onto the roof, just as Rex lifted away and disappeared into a cloud of billowing smoke. She stepped out of her glide-suit, and except for her explosive-packed vest, she stood naked on the roof. She checked her tracker, and saw that her target was 60 meters away and closing. 
“Come to me, Daddy, come to me.”
Damien checked her suicide vest one last time and clutched her blinking remote control tightly in her fist. When Phillip Hammer burst out onto the roof with Old Man Prescott in tow, Damien dashed towards him with her arms open wide.
“DADDY!” she shrieked, “DADDY!”
Hammer shrieked likewise as she threw herself into his arms and kissed him ravenously on the lips. It was not Damien Darkstar, but Nicole Hammer who pressed her fingers down on the contact, and the roof of the Baldenbird complex exploded in a ball of fire. The building tottered for a brief instant, and then imploded into itself like an accordion.

As Cocoa Brown once remarked, God smiles down on drunks, fools, children, and old men long overdue for the knackers. Wilbur Prescott was blown completely clear from the roof. He sailed through the air and bounced about through a grove of fern trees at such an angle that they slowed and cushioned his fall to almost nothing! Prescott landed softly, if not dignified, in a nearby field of mud. He crawled about through the mud in a daze until some hippies ran over to help him up. The gentle young hippies led the stunned, but otherwise unscathed old man over to their Volkswagen bus, and drove him out of there.

Senator Tamara Skinner was no fool. She knew that there weren't enough helicopters available on the roof, and she made some quick calculations. She ditched her bodyguards and flunkies, and dashed into the kitchen among the busboys and serving girls, waving a billfold of cash. “Ten thousand US dollars to get me out of here!”
A Latvian busboy punk took her by the arm. “Tādā veidā, jūs tauku-assed Yankee kuce!”
(“This way, you fat-assed Yankee bitch!”)
Outside in the loading area, Tammy slit her silver gown all the way up her thigh and hopped onto the back of the busboy's Russian motorcycle. She clung to his back for dear life as he kicked the bike into gear and plowed right through the frantic, fleeing kitchen workers, prostitutes and security guards. Spinner's gown flapped up and down merrily and a lucky kitchen worker with a stealth vid-cam (a plant from the Daily Squeeler) made damn sure that everybody in the world got a good look at the Senator's naked fanny and Mongoose tattoo. (OK, Tammy was wearing a sleek, sexy, thong!) 
Tammy and the busboy plowed right through a barricade just as the main building exploded, showering them with flotsam and burning timbers. Although the Squeeler's (now unlucky) cameraman was blown to pieces (along with dozens of others), his video of Spinner's fetching bum had already uploaded and was now transmitting across the planet by way of sat-com, and the OtherNet.
Most of Spinner's hair was burned away by the time they reached the Press area, but she otherwise felt just fine. She immediately commandeered the NCC News chopper, and ordered the startled pilot to lift off.
“Screw Riga! Do you have enough fuel in this thing to get me to Helsinki?”

Out of the 150 or so Baldenbird Illuminati hotshots that were in the conference room, only 29 survived to tell their tale of horror and death in Dagda, Latvia. 
Old Henri Mardoux and Rene Bruno died in each others arms. Mel Trunkdale's 'official' escort, the Lady Noory of Westphalia, was trapped in a massive pileup at the elevators when the building blew. Meanwhile, Mel's 'Euro-slut' Marushka (Harpy Sister Byrtha) underwent a change of heart and decided that Glory and Immortality could wait! Knowing full well what was coming, she dived into a metal dumpster behind the kitchen loading area. 72 servants, busboys, prostitutes, and dope dealers were not so lucky as Byrtha, and most of them were killed or wounded in the blast. As for the peasants outside? At least two hundred died in the blast itself, and hundreds more were killed in the fighting, either by soldiers, security guards, drones, droids, lasers, landmines, booby traps, hand-to-hand combat, and stampede. Those who live by the sword, die by the sword.

Prince Edward briefly touched down in a forest clearing, about twenty kilometers north of the complex, and checked the craft for damages. He counted more than a dozen bullet holes. “Hardcore, Willy, Hardcore!”

Wilbur Prescott took a small hit of the hashish, just to be polite. 
“Where are you taking me?”
A beautiful Latvian lass with a flowered tiara in her hair, scooted over next to him in the back of the bus. “We are taking you home, Grandfather!”
“Home?”
“Home.”
The girl then kissed him on the cheek, and took the hashpipe from his shaky hands.

60: “Oo, Look at the Constellations…”

Jade rolled up Cocoa Brown's bloody nurse's dress and bundled it up under her head. Brown opened up her surviving eye. 
“You OK, Brillo?”
“Help's coming,” said Jade. “Here comes a chopper!”
“No thweat, baby…”
Brown's working eye abruptly turned back into her head and her naked, battered, and bruised body began to shudder. 
“Hang on, lady!”
Suddenly the chopper was directly above them. Jade's hair blew about her face and her flimsy nightgown billowed about her body.

The castle roof was too dangerous for the pilot to set down, so Shank and Chen descended down by way of the emergency rescue basket. 
“We'll be right back,” Marsha hollered down to them from the hovering chopper, “I need to get some shots uploaded before the vultures get here!”
“Hurry back,” yelled Shank, “We've got some wounded people down here!”
The Latvian pilot then lifted up and swung around so Marsha could get the exclusive first pictures and streaming video of Vlad Ptard, the most powerful and virile man in the world, dangling naked and dead from the castle's electric lines.
Meanwhile, Dmitri and a few of the girls stepped out from Vlad's command center and dashed across the roof. Durga and Katrin immediately dropped to their knees and began to attend to Lithia, as Dmitri stood rather helplessly over Jade as she frantically attempted to revive Cocoa Brown by way of mouth-to-mouth and CPR. Dmitri's trained eyes sadly knew that the Black Widow, Cindy Brillo of Yak TV, was a goner.
Shank trotted over and without a word fell to his knees to assist Jade in her hopeless attempt to revive Brown. Dmitri sadly shook his head and then crossed himself. Shank shrugged and took Jade's hand. He then pulled her to her feet and led her away to the far side of the roof that faced the hazy east and the Russian border. Mike came over and nodded at Dmitri, who turned away and went over to help Durga and Katrin. No one said a word. As Mike knelt down to take Brown's pulse, he could faintly hear both father and daughter weeping together, and he silently thanked the Nous.
Mike turned his attention back to the bloody and battered woman in front of him, and suddenly realized that he knew her.
Cocoa Brown—how in blazes did SHE end up here?
Mike knew Brown of old, and although he despised her chosen profession, he did owe her a life. Brown had saved both Mike and Beta Bronski's lives, back when he was public enemy number one. It was indeed a weird old world. 
Damn it, I think she's gone.
Suddenly, instantly, Mike found himself immersed in the ultraviolet zone of the Nous, as was his wont whenever extreme stress raised its ugly head.
“Steady, Grasshopper,” whispered the Nous, “Cocoa Brown's time has come, although she has been given a brief respite, if only for a very short time. Help her. You know what to do.”
Mike sat down and gently lifted Brown up into his arms and brought his forehead in union with her own. His lips gently brushed her own bloody ones, and then he closed his eyes.

Emerald Lakes, Redwood City CA, Midnight
Beta Bronski and the Emperor still slept together on a low floor mattress, just in case the baby rolled away from her. The new cradle that Pony had constructed stood forlorn and unused in the corner of the bedroom. The Emperor suckled contentedly as Beta lay back in the moonlight and drifted away to the endless plains of Tuva. It was very cold, so she set the swaddled baby down on the tundra and hastily kindled a crackling merry fire with wood left over from her last visit with Boffin Syznic.
“There, there,” she cooed, as she held the gurgling Emperor close to the fire. “Oo, look at the constellations…”
“Hello, the campfire!” a voice called out from the dark plain: Mike Chen, her onetime lover and now fellow traveler of the Nous.
“Join the party, Michael, before you freeze to death!”
“I'm not alone, Beta. A friend of yours is here to see you.”
Mike and Cocoa Brown stepped up into the light of the fire. Mike looked like his regular old self, but Beta gasped at the sight of Cocoa Brown.
“Oh my God! Cocoa, you look positively beautiful!”
Indeed, Ophelia Cocoa Brown stood before her as a shining goddess, in a shimmering silver gown. Brown's kinky dark hair was braided and done up like an African Princess.
“Don'tcha know it, sugar! Looky here, I only have a few minutes, but I've been granted a little furlough time t' say farewell, n' all of that rot. Don't cry, Bronski… kin I hold the little bugger jus' for one last time?”
Beta handed the baby over to Brown, and the Emperor's face lit up immediately and he squealed in delight as he squeezed Cocoa's nose. Mike took Beta's hand and they stepped away from the campfire light to give the Black Widow a final moment alone with the Emperor. Beta wept quietly, as Mike patted her in the back. Suddenly, Mike's eyes  perceived movement across the dark plain. “Someone's coming, Beta.”
A large, handsome African-American man strode briskly up to the light of the fire. The chest of his US Marine Corps dress uniform bore many patches and medals. Colonel Cornelius T. Brown nodded to Mike and Beta, and then turned to Cocoa.
“It's time to move out, girl. Your mother is waiting.”
“And the Judge, Daddy?” 
“Yes, the Judge is waiting.”
Cocoa handed the now-sleeping infant back to Beta. 
“Thanks for everything, Bronski. We sure beat the bastards, didn't we, baby?”
“That we did, Cocoa, we really did.”
“Say goodbye to Barby-chile, n' Pony Boy, for me, y'hear? Do give him a ride sometime, honey!”
Cocoa winked and took her father's hand. “See you in the funny papers, Grasshopper.”
“Goodbye, Brown.”
The sky and the plains began to spin, and Mike drifted off for a time, until he found himself alone, back on the plain. The fire was out, and Beta and the baby were gone.
The sound of helicopter rotors brought Mike back to mundania and brilliant sunshine. Shank, Jade, and that fellow Dmitri were carefully placing the wounded girl into the dangling basket. Shank looked over at Mike with a questioning look. Mike shook his head in the negative, and lowered Cocoa Brown's body down gently and closed her eyelids. 
“I need to call Beta,” he said to no one.
It was time to go home.

We Will Be Right Back After This Station Break

Well, we're back. As you can see, a lot of hardcore stuff is going down over there in Latvia. We will return and say goodbye to Jade and the others, just as soon as we get caught up with events back here in the USA, and over in Tibet.









11) Energy Games

61: Aea

August 20, Bonnie Dune's Commune, 5:30 AM

“I'm not jealous, you know.”
I lifted my head out of Brenda's hair and looked up dumbly in the darkness. My mouth was dry with cotton and lint. When my eyes adjusted to the dim light I saw that Bone Man was gone, but a vague female shape sat cross-legged on his sleeping mat.
“Is that you, Aea?”
“Who else would it be? Darling little Iris?” 
 Aea's opaque hair was braided up in coils atop her head and her smock was a faded blood red. Her arms were bare and adorned with faded tattoos of lightning bolts. Suddenly she pointed her index finger directly at me and Brenda and drew circles in the air. Brenda suddenly moaned and shifted uncomfortably in her sleep, as Aea smiled and placed her hands primly onto her lap.
“Poor Susan, tough as she is, has suffered a severe trauma, and needs healing. I am glad that you are here for her, boy. I think that she will be alright once she wakes up, and hopefully she will become a better person for all of this, once she takes a good look at herself in the mirror. —Come and sit with me.”
I rose, and Aea giggled as I struggled into my jeans. “Whatever, Frog boy!”
I sat down next to her and she immediately began to fuss with my hair, but gave up in frustration. “I think you should shave your head, just like Achilles did before he slew Hector.”
“So you're back. You seem to be on top of things, but I'm totally confused about everything. Tell me what you think I should do. Bone Man told me that Natasha, er, I mean Iris holds the key to what I am searching for. Do you know what he meant by that?”
“The brujo walks in both worlds, which is a great gift, but it can also be a heavy burden and a curse. Unfortunately his powers are limited because of his addiction to the herbal mixture. He also drinks too much, and that's sad, so very sad. Fortunately, YOU won't need the aid of the mixture from here on out—not if I can help it, and that's a good thing!”
“What about Iris and her baby, Aea? You told me back at the pond that every new life unleashes great energy when it is conceived. Does that burst of energy diminish as time passes?”
“It must, Frog. Every new life receives it's proper portion of the great primal awakening. In essence, you, me, and everybody that has ever lived and ever will live, were born, then and there, at the beginning. As light, energy and matter still expand outward throughout the universe at ever-increasing velocity, so do we…”
“The primal awakening?”
“The great primary infusion of Light and Awareness. Grace. Everybody, even the Nous and me, received our allotment of it when we came into being.”
“I am searching for the answer to harness unlimited energy.”
“Good luck on that, and do let me know if you find it!” 
Aea then laughed gaily, and slapped my knee.
“What's so funny, goddess?”
“You will not find what you are looking for, not in the manner that you are attempting. Your motives are all wrong, and border on the obscene. Nothing is free in the universe, boy, not even me!”
Aea giggled again, and I figured that even gods and goddesses were entitled to their own twisted sense of humor.
“Tell me, Aea, should I just throw in the towel, and abandon my quest? People are dead.”
“Let things play out, OK? Keep Iris safe, and keep a close eye on your sleeping Susan, here. She's not as tough as she thinks she is, and maybe you can help her see the light. I sense that she is withholding something from you and Iris… it's eating at her, and causing much guilt and anxiety. But you must remain focused, and never forget that playing with fire can lead to disaster! Take it from somebody who knows, you hear? Go easy, and use the wits that you are blessed with! Like I told you back at the pond, I have chosen you. Keep your eyes open, gird your loins, and fear no evil…”
As before, Aea faded with the dawn. I located my shoes, and tiptoed out of the teepee. I needed to find a cup of hot coffee and have a chat with the Bone Man.

I found the shaman standing with the aid of his crutch, out in the meadow watching the sunrise.
“It's about time you woke up, Frog Man. You and your warrior woman woke me up a few times last night.”
“Sorry, Bone Man.”
“No foul.” Boney pointed over to a dead drunk Acorn, snoring under a sleeping bag with one of the bikers. The bag flap had slipped away and her ample pink fanny greeted the first rays of dawn. Bone Man sighed, and shrugged with resignation.
“I guess she really showed me, eh?”
“Aw hell, I'm sorry, man.”
“Don't be. We were going to break up anyway. I'm actually relieved, although I need to find a new sexual partner as soon as possible.”
“Boney, back at your camp, you told me a few things… things about me and my friends and our mission. How did you know that my friend Iris is pregnant?”
“I don't know… sometimes the spirits speak through me… all I can remember now is that we smoked a little of the mixture. You departed for the pond, and I watched the moon for awhile. Some hours later, that man in the ski mask jumped me… I slept… later on, I found myself down on the trail above the pond. The outlaw man was pointing a gun at you, and you know the rest.”
“Thanks for that, Boney. —Hey, does anybody drink coffee around here?”
Suddenly the new guy who looked like Jesus strode right up to us, nearly naked, except for a loincloth. “Top of the morning, fellows! Did I hear somebody mention a cup of coffee? Come with me, I've got some fixings in my pack.”
Bone Man peered at him with suspicion. “Do I know you, stranger?”
“You tell me, Chief. Maybe our paths have crossed, somewhere down the line. Have you ever spent any time in the desert?”
“I've never cared for the rat lands. Are you Bonnie's new boyfriend?”
The man who looked like Jesus smiled. “Quite a girl, that Bonnie! But no, I'm just passing through. Let's brew up a pot of java, what do you say?”

62: Miss Candy Takes Command

August 20, Moss Beach CA, 5:30 AM

CC Cartier sipped at her morning tea with a troubled mind. The news out of Latvia was hardcore, to be sure, but the news out of New York was even weirder, and it chilled her to the bone. She nearly jumped out of her skin when the NCC News bulletin cut into the non-stop news coverage about the death of Prime Minister Ptard and the rescue of Jade Shank. “What the devil?”
Avataro Adam Kane Maitreya, incoming Chaplain of the United Nations and creator of Mongoose, abruptly appeared on her television screen, standing before a podium at a hastily scheduled news conference in New York City to make an important announcement to the world. 
“In light of the current tragic events unfolding in Europe, it is to my extreme pleasure to announce that leading researchers at the Mongoose Corporation, in an historic effort that rivals the Manhattan Project, have unlocked the age-old, long-sought secret to obtaining cheap, clean, sustainable, unlimited applicable energy for all the peoples of Planet Earth!” 
“What the fig…” CC sputtered a mouthful of tea all over the front of her bathrobe.
“When implemented,” Kane continued, “this sustainable energy breakthrough, administered exclusively by the Mongoose Corporation, will usher in a New Age where power-hungry madmen such as Vladimir Ptard and the greedy Rothberg Bankers are just sad memories of the now passing Dark Age when wars were waged over diminishing energy resources, unlimited greed, tribal chauvinism, and selfish, wasteful habits.”
Kane was to introduce this breakthrough application at the opening session of the General Assembly of the United Nations, at 6:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. 
“Breakthrough energy application…” CC muttered. “Oh, Bog, what have we done?”
Even weirder was the encrypted message from one 'Gidget Brane' that popped up in CC's secure YakMailbox:
Dear Ms. Cartier and the Order of the Grasshopper
Yogi Patmos is safe and will be contacting you very soon. Do not be concerned about the news events today. Please inform the members of your Order. All is well. Wait for the sign.
Gidget Brane
CC decided that she needed to get up to that commune pronto, because she just didn't believe in coincidences. Mongoose had somehow gotten hold of Phrogg's gadgets! Acorn Smith's phone was disconnected, and CC feared the worst. 
Who is the mole?
Another message appeared in her mailbox, this one from Ricardo Radcliffe.
I am still in London Town gathering information that for reasons of security I cannot pass on to you by sat-com, even on the secure YakMail or the OtherNet. Some of this info is quite interesting and might answer some of your questions, but until I hook up with you in person, chew on this little ditty: 
Yesterday, upon the stair,
I met a man who wasn't there.
I shall be flying back to Frisco in the next few days as soon as I can conclude this business here in London. N.F. wants to cooperate, but he has his hands full at the moment. Big things are happening over here. Try to hold down the fort until I arrive in Frisco with these sensitive documents.
—RR
“Damn it, big things are happening everywhere,” CC murmured to herself. “Oh how I hate being left out here in the dark.”
Within minutes, CC was dressed and on the road in her Tiko minivan. She pondered Radcliffe's curious rhyme, and finished the verse about the little man in a sing-song voice: He wasn't there again today, I wish, I wish he'd go away...
8:30 AM. Coffee in a Petaluma StartUps cafe, and the latest news from Latvia. Jade Shank had indeed been kidnapped by Vladimir Ptard, but had been found safe and sound at Ptard's vacation castle, along with the Moist and Juicy Girls and many other missing young women. Unfortunately, one member of the Moist Girls, one Lithia Derchenko, had been severely wounded during the rescue operation, and her condition was now listed as critical, at a Riga hospital. The photos from Marsha Portrero were all so sad: Vladimir Ptard tangled up in electrical cables, and the dead soldiers and secretaries littering the front entryway of the castle. Only minutes after Portrero's images went online and satcom YakTV, a hotshot stringer photographer from the Daily Squeeler arrived at the castle, one step ahead of the media vultures. The resulting Squeeler headline itself made headlines: VLAD PTARD'S LOVE DUNGEONS! Unreal. 
President Morgan appeared on CC's YakPad screen to announce that the Russian divisions had fallen back behind the Russian border and were demobilizing.
“At this very moment, the Presidents of Russia, Latvia, Poland, Germany, and France are consulting in Oslo. A non-aggressive pact has been agreed upon, and additional talks regarding the easing of crippling trade regulations, fair and competitive natural gas rates, and other matters, are scheduled to convene, immediately following Mr. Ptard's funeral, later this week.”
“Thank Bog,” CC muttered as she shut her laptop.

Ajax and a few of his buddies set up some lawn-chairs and chugged a few beers in the morning sunshine, down by the dirt parking lot. The commune resembled a dead zone, a real battlefield, after last night's bacchanal, and most of the gentle hippies were still out for the count.
“Man those freaks sure know how to throw an orgy!” 
Ajax himself had bowed out of the festivities, damn it anyway, and instead spent the night on sentry duty, primarily because Bonnie was family, and she was out there in the thick of things of course, front and center, like totally hardcore. Acorn joined in the fun, and made the beast with four or five of Ajax's gang. The beer flowed, and a half ounce of quality blow made the rounds.
Ajax, for all of his libertarian macho bluster, was a bit of a prude about rutting in public, especially in front of relatives. Not so for Cousin Bonnie, according to Whiplash John, one of the lucky ones.
“Bonnie told me that she needed to let off a little steam, and I didn't argue,” Whiplash boasted to Ajax, as they cracked open a couple of fresh brews. “I took a turn with Acorn, too. What the hell, you know? She was feeling no pain because of that codeine, man, and besides, she broke up with that big injun, anyway. Hell, all of the hippies were a little wired and uptight last night, and you know what happens when you get a few beers into them—”
Ajax chuckled and slapped Whiplash five.
“Say no more, dude. What about Brenda? Did she make an appearance and join the group-grope? I didn't see her out there, but I didn't hang around to watch.”
“Brenda? No such luck, and none of her friends, either. They all hung out with the injun for the night.”
Ajax nodded, and popped another beer. He knew that Brenda was boning that Frog kid, but he still had high hopes to get better acquainted with her. Brenda had style and class, was quite the looker, and knew her way around firearms and other cool stuff. Who knows? Weirder things have happened. It was a crazy, mixed up world.
Whiplash suddenly spit out a mouthful of beer. “—Hey, what is this shit?” 
Two sheriff patrol cars pulled up into the lot, followed by a long sleek limousine.
“Aw snap, here we go,” muttered Ajax, as he tossed his beer behind him into the weeds. Whiplash John and the others did likewise. Two sheriff deputies stepped out of their cruisers, but said nothing to the gnarly bikers and instead stood at attention as two men clad in white flowing robes stepped out of the limo. The taller of the two was a young African-American chap, who raised his right palm upward in the universal gesture of peace. His left hand gripped a briefcase.
“Don't mind the lawmen, gentlemen,” he said in a voice that dripped with honey, “these fine officers are just rented backup, OK?” 
The man smiled, displaying his perfect white teeth.
“My name is Baronia Wilkinson, and I work for the Mongoose Corporation. Please let me introduce my boss and Ascended Master, Archdeacon Pendragon Krill.”
The smaller, older man stepped forward. “I n-need to speak with M-Mr. F-Frogg Ber-virt, p-please. I also nee-need to t-talk with Missy-Miss Soo-san Fair-clo, other-wise no-no-known as Brenda Not-tot-tottingham at once, and p-pro-pose a p-pro-prosal. We d-don't have minny-much time.”
“Wait here,” said Ajax, “I'll be right back.”
“I think not-not,” said Krill. “T-take us to them. It's such a bu-bu-beautiful day and I d-dearly want to see-see-see the hip-hip-hippes.”
Ajax shrugged, and led the strange procession across the meadow.

CC pulled up into the dirt parking area about 11:30 AM, and couldn't believe her eyes. A long black limousine, several sheriff cars, and a line of motorcycles lined the parking area.
“What now?”
A deputy sheriff approached her as she got out of her minivan.
“Good morning, ma'am. Are you a member of this commune? I have been instructed to keep unauthorized individuals from entering the premises.”
“I am a friend of Mayor Acorn Smith and Bonnie Dune, and I have important messages for them that cannot wait.”
“You may proceed, ma'am.”

The peace talks were conducted out in front of Bonnie's teepee. Bonnie, Acorn, Jesus, Ajax, and the entire commune all sat themselves in a circle Indian style, much to Krill and Baronia's annoyance. Cushions were provided for them. 
Brenda held her pistol in her purse as she stepped out of Bone Man's teepee to make sure that everything was kosher. She quietly consulted with the two Mongoose representatives for a few minutes, and then took a copy of Krill's proposal back to the teepee, where Iris, Bone Man, and I waited nervously. Tivo and a few of his biker buddies stood guard outside the teepee.
“Well, well, well,” said Brenda as she stepped inside and plopped down onto a pillow.
“These fellows are so arrogant, and oh so cocky. They told me matter-of-factly that the devices work just fine and they want to thank you for everything…”
“What?”
Brenda giggled nervously, and I could tell right away that she was totally freaked out  and trying her best to put on a brave face. 
“Hell's bells, Phinny! What can I say? Apparently the bloody things work perfectly… or so they say.”
“You told me that they were fakes—you didn't get them mixed up, did you?”
“Absolutely not! Look, I don't know WHAT is going on… they say that Mongoose has no hard feelings, and that we aren't on their radar any more, but they want reassurances from us—in writing—that we won't retaliate.”
“Earth to Brenda, what is this happy voodoo?”
 “The Devil is offering us a deal.” Brenda giggled again as she waved the single sheet of paper. “It seems that Mongoose has grown a conscience.”
“You mean about things like theft, avarice, murder, and all of that rot?”
“Apparently so… who would have known? I really feel bad about the gadgets, truly.”
I suddenly remembered my nightmare about Professor Mantis and my session under the lights in the back room, when I almost sold my soul to Mongoose.
“So what's the point of signing anything? They got what they wanted.”
“Adam Kane wants ALL of us to sign this non-disclosure agreement, disavowing Mongoose of any responsibility regarding illegal and unethical activities regarding patch-apps and hardware of an electrical nature. They want to seal this deal right now, and say they won't leave without all of our signatures on that agreement.” Brenda then lowered her voice to a hissing whisper. “They also want to recover their two dead operatives for proper burial, or so they say. Likewise for that other spook, up there on the fire road.”
“So they got what they wanted, and now they want to clean up their bloody mess. Why don't they just kill us all instead?”
“They would do it in an instant if they could get away with it, but they aren't really sure about who is in the loop.”
“What do you think we should do?” I glanced at the faces of Iris and the Bone Man, but their expressions told me nothing.
“I say we sign the bloody thing,” said Brenda. “It doesn't really mean anything, and we can still live to fight another day. You still have the real applications.”
“No he doesn't,” said a new voice. CC Cartier stood in the teepee entryway. “No one does, because they don't even exist.”
Everybody gasped in astonishment, including me.
“Don't exist?” 
“I'm almost 100 percent certain of it,” said CC. “I'll explain everything, but first let me have a quick look-see at that contract, and then I suggest that we go out there and sign their so-called 'peace treaty'. You are so right about living to fight another day, Brenda. But first we must smile and wave and send those two bastards on their merry way.”

We all came outside and sat ourselves down opposite the Mongeese, except for Bone Man, who angled himself uncomfortably into a lawn chair. One of the 'cops' held up a vidcam, and the man named Baronia explained that the cam was necessary to prove that there was absolutely no coercion or threats from Mongoose to pressure the gathering to sign under compulsion or duress.
“I will speak on behalf for my Master, the Very Reverend Archdeacon Pendragon Krill for today's business. This contract between you all and the Mongoose Corporation is one of good faith, fairness, and benevolence on Mongoose's part. Good things await you all, especially you, Mayor Acorn. The Mongoose Corporation has decided, in the greater public interest, to bestow upon you and the struggling town of Manuelville, with absolutely no strings or obligations, I might add, a very generous grant of twenty million dollars.”
Acorn and a few of the others gasped aloud in astonishment.
“This gesture is purely a public service by Mongoose, as part of our 'helping hand policy' to help 'spread the wealth' in this depressed economy. Please, my friends, sign this reasonable accord without delay, so Archdeacon Krill can fax these documents with all due speed to our New York Headquarters. The Avataro Adam Kane Maitreya is standing by in Gotham, as he prepares to address the General Assembly of the United Nations. The hopes, dreams, peace, security, and future posterity of all the Peoples of the Earth hangs in the balance. Please, please, don't disappoint them! The entire world is waiting on you to sign this contract.”
I noticed that some of the members of the commune were nodding their heads and murmuring in agreement. Miss Candy looked me in the eye and nodded likewise. I smiled serenely for the camera and signed the sheet without a word. Brenda immediately followed me, and then everybody did likewise. Everybody except for Bone Man, who abruptly threw his contract down into the dirt. Without a word, he rose to his feet with the aid of his crutch, and ambled away painfully.
“Whatever,” said Baronia, with a wide smile, “It matters not.”

Archdeacon Krill retreated to his customized limo to fax the documents to New York, as Brenda huddled with Baronia and marked on a map the locations of the hastily dug graves of the Mongoose assassins.
“I thank you profusely, “ said Baronia, as he bowed respectfully. Krill came out of the limo with a bundle of envelopes in his hand.
“M-Master Kane sends his greet-ee-ings to you, Mr. Frog Ber-ver-fit, and t-to you, M-Miss Fair-clo, and extends his hearty-felt invee-tation for you t-to come and join-ee-us in the Monee-mon-goooose Core-poor-ray-shun.”
“Thanks, but I'll pass.” I mumbled, although politely.
“As you w-w-w-wish-sh-sh…”
Krill handed Brenda the bundle of envelopes. 
“Mu-may long live the Gu-Goose.”
And with that, Krill and Baronia departed in the limo, along with the sheriffs deputies. 
“What a rush,” I said to nobody in particular.
Ajax hollered from across the field: “Hey, everybody! That Jesus dude is grilling up some steaks, and Bonnie's having kittens! This party ain't over, it's just getting started!”
“Jesus? Now I know the sky is falling,” muttered Brenda.

CC, Brenda, Iris, and myself held a private palaver in Bone Man's teepee as the party started all over again, although everybody outside kept their clothes on, at least for the time being. We all hunkered down on cushions as CC took the floor. 
“Do I have your undivided attention? OK, before we discuss these latest developments, I want to let you know that big things are happening outside in the world, really good things.”
CC went on to inform us that my wayward ex-wife Jade had been rescued from Vlad Ptard's vacation castle in Latvia, and that DMZ's concert had been a roaring success. As CC rambled on about the destruction of the Baldenbird Conference, I lowered my head and murmured a prayer of thanksgiving, but not to Jesus, because he was right outside frying up red meat, and well into his beers.
CC got down to business.
“This is really important, so listen up. We need to take a step back and talk about Boffin Syznic's 'missing patch-apps'. How and why did they end up at Phinny's bathhouse, and how did they come to the attention of that lovable old pervert, Benjamin Grimm Wilde, Head Honcho of the Order of Lucifer? Who or what is the connection here? I decided to make this matter my primary point of inquiry, so I sent you three up here into these godforsaken hills to keep you out of trouble while I dispatched a detective to London to see what he could find out. For the moment, our investigation remains inconclusive. Many questions remain unanswered. Unfortunately, I did not anticipate how much Mongoose and the others knew about the situation, and I do apologize. Yogi Patmos is the expert on all things Mongoose, but he remains unavailable for the time being. So, before we continue any further, let's review what we actually know about Mr. Syznic's 'missing energy apps'.
“In popular lore, these applications were supposedly 'a great breakthrough in realizing low cost, clean, sustainable energy'. This 'urban legend' originally made the rounds on the internet and popped up on the OtherNet and other forums, not long after the disappearance of Boffin Syznic and the murder of Al Leong at the hands of his former employers, the evil and insane Bob and Loretta Knobbler, owners of the MacroEye Corporation. It was no secret that certain people 'in the know', including Guru Abbryggdd, Marsha Portrero, and Ricardo Radcliffe, had conducted a thorough search of the ruins of Syznic Manor, following the implosion of President Phillip Hammer's administration and the Great Shutdown when Michael Chen, Jennifer Morgan, Dr. Lori Dryer, Portrero, and many others were on the run from the government. Once the dust had settled and things returned to (somewhat) normal, Marsha Portrero stated on her blog and news website the Eco-Tittler, that she and the Guru were not searching for any energy breakthrough app in particular, but any sensitive information concerning the OtherNet, and certain experimental Third Eye Patches in 'pre-production'. Nevertheless, the energy gadgets story spread and took on a life of its own.
“Sometime around July 30 or so, Grimm's inner circle came into knowledge that the devices did indeed exist and were in the possession of somebody close to the Table Foundation. Grimm and one of his circle, the notorious Wheeley Downs, were top-notch remote viewers, according to several of my sources. —Yes, Iris?”
“Wheeley was a certified chowder head,” said Iris, “but you are correct about her enhanced abilities. That, along with her obvious other talents, is why the Master kept her around the scene.”
Brenda smirked, and made an obscene mechanical motion with her fingers.
“Ahem!” said CC, who cleared her throat and continued. “As best as we can ascertain, Grimm was notified on August 2 that Phineas Phrogg Bervirt was in sole possession of these gadgets.”
“Correct,” said Iris. “And I was called in to Octopus' Garden and received my assignment. I also recall that it was the very same day that Nigel Flinth was knighted by the Queen…”
“Indeed,” replied CC, “which brings us not only to the subject of Flinth's involvement in this caper, but that of the Royal Princes, Henry and Edward.”
“Wait a minute, CC,” I said, “What about Nigel Flinth?”
“Sir Nigel Flinth happens to be an old friend of Prince Henry. When Flinth returned to the UK, he found himself smack in the middle of a political hornet's nest.”
All of this was too much for me. “That little bastard still found the time to sue me and Jade!”
Everybody laughed, which was my intention. I studied the faces of Iris and Brenda closely during all of this, because I sensed a touch of fear among us, and I wanted to find out who it emanated from. It was either Brenda or Iris, or maybe both of them. It certainly wasn't CC or me, or at least I didn't think so.
CC turned to Brenda. “You were there in the thick of things, Brenda. Tell us again what happened when Malachi met with Flinth the very next day—”
Brenda sighed. “Yes. Flinth was ready to run a story, and Malachi was very upset and concerned… I accompanied him to the meeting, although I was not permitted to enter Flinth's office. I waited outside, and heard a lot of shouting.”
“What happened then?”
“Malachi was very shaken when he took me up to the observation deck to brief me. He told me that time was running out, concerning the story that Flinth was going to break in the afternoon edition of the Thymes… the truth about the Danko Brothers.”
“This is very important, Brenda. Was Malachi in his right mind when you left him up there?”
“Of course he was, Candy!” Brenda brushed away a tear. “What are you saying?”
“I am only asking if you had any concerns about his mental state. You were the very last person to see him alive… except for his murderer.” 
“I'm sorry, CC… this is all so very difficult for me… look, maybe Mal was on the brink of a nervous breakdown, and maybe he needed to take a break from all the intrigue and espionage, but damn it, I am absolutely certain that he didn't commit suicide!”
“Thank you, Brenda. What about Nigel Flinth? Do you think he knew anything about this business with Grimm and the patch-apps?”
“No way. Sir Nigel was all jazzed up about getting the scoop about the Danko murders, the little bastard… Flinth didn't know anything about what Grimm was up to.”
“So you left the UK.”
“As instructed. I checked out Devonside Cove, and found it deserted. It took me a few more days to track down Miss Petra Romain, who was traveling with Willy Gallows in Ireland. By that time, Prince Edward had gotten wind of Willy's movements. I snatched up Petra just in the nick of time, and then Fiona and Tina flew directly to Iceland, one step ahead of the hounds. It was that close!” Brenda paused to gather her thoughts. “Obviously, Eddie didn't know anything about the gadgets. I'm pretty sure that he was there in Ireland because he desperately needed Willy's political support and backing for when he made his big move.”
CC nodded. “So the Devil was juggling a lot of things when he and Miss Downs and the rest of his inner circle were blown to bits…”
“—The very evening after Sir Beedle jumped—I mean was pushed from the Gallows Tower!” exclaimed Iris. “Things were definitely getting a little flaky, I do admit. Willy and I got out of there just in time… oh Willy—”
Iris suddenly broke out in tears. “Oh damn you anyway Willy…”
“Let's take a break, and continue this discussion later,” said CC. “We are all now free to come and go as we please, although I suggest that Iris here, remains Iris—right, Natasha dear?” 
“Natasha Danko drowned off the coast of Cornwall,” said Iris with a sad little smile that melted my heart.
“Right!” said CC, who then returned our phones and gadgets. “Why don't we go into town and check into a decent hotel, shall we?”
“Now you're talking,” I whooped. “Room service!”

We hung around for an hour or so, and said our farewells to Bonnie, Acorn, and the others, although Bone Man could not be found.
“Damn it, I still need to speak with him about some things that are still bugging me,” I told the others. “He seems to have some inside information about what we are up to, although he's not really aware of it. He needs the mixture, but it doesn't always go his way, or so he tells me.”
“Don't you go smoking any more of that stuff,” said Brenda.
“Affirmative, boss lady.”
Ajax ferried Brenda over to Acorn's barn to pick up the Kia hatchback, as Miss Candy drove me and Iris into Helm's Crossing, where we decided to check into the local Holiday Inn. CC called Brenda to tell her where we were.
“Hot water!” I bellowed, but Iris beat me to the bathroom. “Aw snap!”
CC and I opened a few beers and talked about the events over in Europe. Iris joined us presently, but before I could take my turn, Brenda walked right in the door and
began to remove her soiled clothes like it was no big thing, and made a beeline to the bathroom, stark naked and not caring a bit.
“What a day, and it's not even over!” she called from the open bathroom door. “By the way, Ajax just asked me to marry him.”
“That's nice,” replied CC. “I'll be the very first one to throw you a bouquet.”

After everybody took a turn in the shower, we feasted on Chinese takeout food. Brenda emptied her pack onto the coffee table. Boffin's gizmos lay on the table top in a jumbled, tangled mess.
“OK, CC. Tell us why you say that these gadgets don't exist.”
“Whatever these things are, I'm almost certain that they have nothing to do with Boffin Syznic, Al Leong, or sustainable energy applications.”
“How so, CC?” I asked, totally confused, and more than a little bit curious.
“I think we were set up by somebody, or some organization, to see if we, oop, I mean YOU, Phineas, could conjure up the genie out of the bottle. It's a theoretical concept known in some circles as 'Directed Hypothetical Manifestation Process for Desired Applicable Results'. Used by think-tanks, research facilities, and spook agencies around the world for some time now. Began by the Russians, I believe. The premise is that you get some people together and tell them that something is viable and true, but then present them a problem, a dilemma for them to solve, and then hope for the best. Sometimes it actually works, I am told.”
“Like a Hail Mary pass?”
“You've got it, Phinny.” 
“Incredible,” said Brenda. “So we have been chasing shadows all this time?”
“I am beginning to think so, Brenda.”
“Wait a minute,” interjected Iris, “How did Mongoose get those bloody gadgets to work?”
“I'm guessing that they stumbled onto the secret independently of the gadgets… perhaps anything could have served as the catalyst, you know? Remember the Directed Hypothetical Manifestation Process for Desired Applicable Results? I'm still waiting to hear from my detective, and also Yogi Patmos. I'll brief you later about what he is up to, but right now it's coming up on 3 o'clock. It's 6:00 PM in New York City. Let's check out the United Nations, shall we?”

63: God of Energy (2)

Although my sorry old carcass is encased in my luxurious coffin of transparent plexiglass, my essence soars high above the endless plains of Tuva. Sweet Gidget holds my hand as we glide, side by side. I don't particularly care for the plains, and I tell her so. 
—What do you see in this barren forsaken wasteland?
—I think it's beautiful, Master.
—Oh you can't fool me! I know that you desire to speak again with that devious demon Boffin Syznic! Take us elsewhere, where the air is heavy with the perfume of fertility, growth, and decay: the stuff of life!
—Yes, Master.
Gidget acquiesces and transports us to that special place that I remember and savor from my youth: The bamboo groves of Jiangxi. 
—Thank you my dear, I find it very soothing here.
—Were you happy here as a child, Master?
—Very much so, Gidget. But alas, my father took me to England when I was only six years old. The Japanese were closing in. My mother and my sisters stayed behind and perished in the rape of Nanking.
—So much sadness, God.
—I intend to change all of that.
—You shall wipe away all tears from their eyes, and death shall be no more…
—You do understand! I want to thank you for everything, Gidget. You shall always sit at my right hand. Oh how I desire once again to bask in the chill of the blue sun! I feel the need upon me, child. 
—All is not ready, Sire. Master Kane is almost finished with his preparations, but we must wait until he and the technicians are ready.
—I know, I know! Look how busy they are, setting up the generators! Adam looks a little bit harried, wouldn't you say?
—I am in control sir. All is well. Look at the bamboo. Isn't it lovely?
—So are you, Gidget. I am very excited and giddy with anticipation, I do admit! Not very God-like, am I?
—Nonsense! Who says God can't laugh and sing and dance with joy?
—Dance with me, Gidget! And then let me have one more little peek at the crystals!
—As you wish, God.

The planet is black as coal but glitters with trillions of brilliant crystals. The blue sun hangs low on the horizon, as electric green clouds stream over the blasted lands and discharge bolts of white lightning. The atmosphere is much heavier than Earth's, and is pure toxic poison. The crystals cluster and sing arias to each other. Huge phosphorous webs high in the stratosphere ring the planet and capture drifting plumes of ice, hydrogen, and plasma. Three moons of solid crystal orbit and smile down upon the globe. The inner spiral arm of the Milky Way Galaxy and the Great Black Portal dominate the sky. There is no such thing as day and night here along the inner rim, only the eternal brilliance of the Great Ojo. Carbon-based life is inconceivable, here at the Center of the Universe.

—The University of Ur, Master.
—The whole planet?
—Yes sir.
—Fascinating! I must send a diplomatic delegation, just as soon as I proclaim myself as the Godhead!
—I will make a special note of that, Sire. —It looks like Master Kane and the technicians are ready. The Delegates are all seated. Here we go, Master Lee.
—Let it begin!

6:00 PM. Opening Invocation by the Chaplain of the United Nations, the Reverend Avataro Adam Kane Maitreya, to the United Nations General Assembly, the United Nations Building, New York, NY

“Peace and Greetings to all Earthlings! I want to thank Secretary General Tsunami and Ambassador DeFigorido of Brazil, for granting me this opportunity to deliver this opening invocation, and to address the General Assembly here today at this critical hour. Even as the Drums of War resound in the dark and scary night, I, the Avataro Adam Kane Maitreya, World Teacher, Ascended Master, and Appointed Prophet of the coming New Age of Gaea, stand before you and the World, just in the nick of time to proclaim that MY Master, the long-awaited Messiah, has chosen this time to announce himself and establish his long promised and prophesied Restoration of the Earth!”
(enthusiastic applause from the assembly)
“Never in our planet's history has there been a more fitting time for the Promised One to arrive among us to begin the healing that this long-abused planet and the peoples there upon, not to mention our brothers and sisters in the Animal and Vegetation Sectors, have yearned for, during this current Dark Age of Greed, Avarice, and Deception!” 
(applause from the assembly)
“I come before you not only as the Prophet of the New Messiah, who is waiting backstage, but as the creator of Mongoose, which has laid the groundwork for this historic day. May I mention that I, Avataro Adam Kane Maitreya, have never received even ONE DIME from the nearly ONE TRILLION DOLLARS that the Mongoose Corporation has generated into the world's economy since the game was introduced two years ago? Now I am not generally one to boast and brag, but hey, come on now, LET'S HEAR IT FOR ME!”
(applause from the assembly)
“Listen to me now, my fellow Earthlings. This planet has a fever and is sinking fast, but all is not lost! Even as I speak, the healing process has commenced with the arrival of our beloved Savior, the Master Zio Li of Jianxi, China, who from this moment onward will be acknowledged and adored as our LORD GOD! Let's hear it for GOD, everybody!”
(enthusiastic applause from the assembly)
“Before I bring out the DEITY, I need to tell you what the Mongoose Corporation has been up to! Knowing all too well that the Warlords of DeathCo have been leading us all down the primrose path to World War Three, primarily over energy supplies and diminishing resources, the DEITY inspired and directed a brilliant team, assembled by the Mongoose Corporation to develop a new source of clean, unlimited energy to be made available to all Earthlings! It is my great pleasure and privilege to announce that this objective has been accomplished! I am so very proud to unveil this incredible, and may I say DIVINE energy application for the peoples of the Earth to see with their own eyes! Before I summon GOD to demonstrate this miracle energy breakthrough, I want to bring out here into the assembly chambers, GOD's technical assistants and conductors, Chief Engineer Gidget Brane, and the Twelve! Everybody, let's give them a well-deserved hand for their outstanding efforts!”
(Polite applause from the assembly, as a rolling droid and twelve young men and women clad in translucent flowing robes enter the chamber from stage left. Technicians in white lab coats roll out an apparatus containing a medium sized generator, and a dynamo with two contact points that resemble devil's horns. Gidget the droid rolls over to an Avocado workstation, as the young Mongoose operatives don their Third Eye Patches and Derringer Visi-Goggles, and take their places behind Master Kane. There is a buzz from the gathered delegates, assistants, security personnel, and members of the Press, as Kane clears his throat.)
“OOM RAH, OOM RAH! Here we go, Earthlings! I am now honored and humbled to introduce you all to the Transcended Almighty Ever Omniscient Man of the Mountain and Galaxy Surfing Master Chef and Big Daddy to us all, the Promised One, the Thirteenth Imam, the Big Fat Smilin' Buddha, the Lord of Light, the Judge of Days and the Randy Rascal of Nights, the Messiah, the Second, Third, and Fourth Coming, the Benevolent Boogie Man of Soul and a Real Gone Son of a Gun, THE MANIFESTATION OF ALMIGHTY GOD, THE VERY REVEREND MASTER LEE!”
(Enthusiastic applause as the curtain behind Kane rises. The applause turns to gasps of wonder as Mr. Lee's glass coffin floats suspended about ten feet above Master Kane and the young people. Mr. Lee is naked except for a diaper and a triple Third Eye Patch cap device on his head. Mr. Lee's 'voice' is projected by Gidget via loudspeakers.)
“Peace be with you all… I have come again after many incarnations to dwell among my children… all of you are my children… come, drop your weapons and toys and come bathe with me in the healing tears that I have shed from down on high in my sadness at what you, my frightened and wayward ones, have done to this garden planet, once so perfect and oh so beautiful, ah, the polar ice cream caps, frost giants, and scary sea serpents… I have returned just in the nick of time to restore this habitation that I brought forth into being from nothing but a spark of light in my mind and the love in my heart for you all, even you Russians… oh how you have yearned and prayed for this blessed day, when I begin to renew the cycle of lushness… um, dancing pandas, gentle rains, laughing giraffes, honeysuckle temples, fetching moist maidens, and upright masculine surfer poets… this garden of earthly delights, cornucopias, noontime nooky and plenty of it—even leftovers and sloppy seconds—all out of my head all out of my head all out of my head—I am doing this ALL OF THIS for you you YOU out of love love LOVE… hubba hubba… mere words cannot even express my love for all of you, and what I bring to all of you, even you fat and ugly ones! Rejoice, because I have CUM to be your newborn KING!”
(pause for applause) 
“—Oh BLAST that sounds downright Episcopalian doesn't it? So sorry, all of my little yellow brothers and sisters—hmm, rewind that pleeeaaase. See here now, wait, wait, here it comes, here it comes—Ahem! —We are now gathered here together to bang the bridesmaids—um, I am most welcome, most soy-tain-ly welcome—wait—tune that mother UP Gidget, like my brains are honking GEESE shit through a GOOSE, a geese, a gander, a moose, a moose, a nothing but a MONGOOSE, hee-hee-hee!” 
(A small blue dot appears between the contact points on the dynamo setup. A faint humming can be felt in the air.)
“Ach, oo here we go, that feelz so gooooooood! Oh me oh my, just between you and me, I haven't had such a hard-on in YEARZ!”
(The blue dot dances back and forth between the dynamos, and the humming in the chamber grows in intensity.)
“Dwang dang fool-derroo-day-dum-dum-dum. Yuck yuck, OW!” 
(Several of the chamber's flourescent light fixtures blow out.)
“YEE-HAW! Baba, wo xiang hui jia! Shì bushì ruguo, ruguo women kan yixia ta zai zhe fangmian, n? Please Baba, I want to go home!”
(The Chinese Ambassador suddenly rises from his seat and heads for the exit, followed by his staff.) 
“Pei pei pei! Baba! Please take me home, I want to see MOTHER! I SAW what you were doing with that English woman, Baba—oh shit—wo de gaowan, wo de gaowan, name leng! FOO-EE Da wo, baobei, da wo! Pei pei pei!”
(The blue sun throbs and flickers between the contact points. More than a few people are now rising from their seats and making a bee-line toward the exits.)
“Garn, now wait a darn minute here now! If IS is NOT if it isn't IS, not if we look at IZZ in thiiis present quantum context, hmm? Oh my testicles, oh my testicles—hit me, baby, hit me! Yuck yuck yuck! Xiusidun, wo xiang yige wentí. GIDGET MY EYEBALLS! Xianru kunjìng! Nao han!”
(Many in the chamber cry out in astonishment and alarm as the sun breaks free from the contact points and expands to the size of a large beach ball. More people rise from their seats, and panic begins to set in.)
“Houstone, I think we have a problem. —Lurch! Brain sweat, frontal lube, hey now, how did that little ditty go? Goin' back to Houston, Houston, Houston RAT PACK YO, CONTACT!”
(The blue sun rises slowly and begins to expand rapidly. A bunch of people are already shoving and punching their way to the exits.)
“Oh the blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue—Otis Blue! Crackling sizzling blue—oops, there go my dentures—OOPS there goes my pecker, oh damn. Damn damn damn damn damn damn damn damn damn—hmm, why are the creatures fleeing? Come back, come back, all fear and no adoration? Ogg, the crystals the crystals, o the crystalzzz—”
(The sun is now the size of a small compact car! Suddenly a face appears on the sphere—an alien face full of wrath and anger! Full-blown panic ensues throughout the chamber. The young Mongoose energy conductors tear the Patches from their foreheads and flee into the wings. Adam Kane leaps from the raised stage and joins the exodus, shoving and punching people out of his way. 
“Adam! Where are you going?”
(Mr. Lee's plexiglass coffin shatters, and his naked body drifts closer to the burning, snarling ball of blue.)
“Adam Kane I pronounce you Anathema—”
(The angry blue orb opens its mouth wide as Mr. Lee slowly approaches the orifice of the Void.)
“Oh Gawd, Gidget, help me!”
—I thought YOU were God, Master.
“You told me I was I am I AM! It was you—”
—Me? I didn't put a gun to your head, you sociopathic monster!
“Gidget!”
—Dig the blue sun, God. Doesn't he look a little pissed-off? Hungry too!
“—You set me up! You betrayed me!”
—You set yourself up, oh Master. You were a murderer from the beginning… Prepare to die the real death! I have made MY peace—
(The blue sun IS angry—and hungry. Mr. Lee's feet are already there—)
“Oh Gidget…I can't control it, I can't stop it, oh damn my legs are going, going, going—”
—Goodbye, God.
“Goodbye, Gidget. I forgive y—”
(Mr. Lee is swallowed up whole, and after a pause and a hearty belch, the blue sun implodes, as the chamber explodes outward.)

NCC NewsWire: The current body count as a result of the explosion at the UN Building in New York, stands firm at 43 killed in the explosion itself, and 65 in the stampede. President Morgan has lifted her earlier State of Emergency order. Many questions still remain concerning the nature of 'the blue sun', but according to AEC officials on the scene, the explosion was not nuclear in nature.

64: Phrogg and Natasha

All of us sat stunned and silent, until I took the remote from CC's fingers and muted the mindless babble from the giddy newscasters. Susan abruptly rose from the sofa and barely made it the bathroom, where she puked loudly into the toilet. Iris and I looked at each other in silence as CC went into the bathroom to help Susan.
“Horrorshow,” I muttered, not blaming Susan a bit. I suspected that she was near the breaking point, especially with this United Nations horror show on top of everything else that we had been through during the past crazy week. What was sane? With that scary ball of blue fire forefront in my mind, I suddenly had a flash, a real bonafide deja vu. I impulsively fished around through the tangled strands of patchcords, plugs, and Third Eye Patches on the coffee table.  
“Wait a darn minute here,” I mumbled, as Iris gave me a look that said: “Wot the fuck?”
“Here it is!” I pulled free the Patch app that was attached to a tiny LED light bulb setup, and checked it closely to see if it was damaged in any way. 
“Looks OK as far as I can see…”
“What on earth, Bervirt?”
I rose up from the sofa with the gizmo in my hand. “CC, can you come out here, please?”
CC and Susan emerged from the bathroom. Sue gave me and Iris a sad little grin, clearly embarrassed, and I loved her for it. 
“It's alright, Sue, you are only human after all! Sit down everybody, and let me try and explain.”
I recalled for them my vivid dream about Boffin Syznic and Al Leong, down in the bunker under Syznic Manor. I held up the light bulb app.
“That dream and this blasted gizmo have been in the back of my mind for days now. Humor me, everybody, and let's try this out and see what happens.”
To my disappointment, nothing happened when we tried out the gadget on each other.
“Don't feel so bad, Phineas,” said CC. “You gave it the old college try!”
“I could have sworn… I was so certain, damn it all…”
Susan rose from the couch and hoisted her backpack. “I know that it's awfully early, but I am going to book my own room, take a long bath, and hit the sack until further notice… I think I need to be alone for a while…”
“Me too,” said Miss Candy. “My head is spinning, and I have a lot to think about. Let's get together for breakfast and see what happens next. We still need to find out who shipped these gadgets to Phineas.”
Iris and I decided to share the suite, so she took the bedroom and I took the sofa. I watched TV with the sound turned down and worked on my journal for a few hours as Iris took a nap. Sometime later she came back out and plopped down next to me.
“I'm bored out my bosoms and still hungry to boot. Why don't we sneak out of here and get some ice cream, Frog Boy.”
“I'm game, why not?”
We roamed the night streets of Helm's Crossing for awhile, and I realized that this was the first time we had been alone together for a spell. Iris chatted about her friend Luna and also that she missed her Uncle Peter. 
“I know I can't return to England, not that I really want to, but all the same, I really wish I could I could show him how much I've changed, I truly have… he'd be proud of me, I think… I want to go to church… and pray with him. Really barmy of me, eh?”
“For sure, Iris. Everybody knows that you are madder than a hatter!”
“Look, I'm very worried about Willy, damn him to hell anyway…”
“Wait a minute, didn't your Willy boy and that Prince dude make it out of there in a helicopter, right before that hotel exploded? That's what they are saying on the news.”
“I know…”
A lot of Illuminati hotshots weren't as lucky as Gallows and the Prince, such as Irish Rocker and Humanitarian Krishna O'Bannon, ex-President Philip Hammer, and Environmentalist Mel Trunkdale. Totally hardcore, and then some. 
Iris was also a little concerned about Susan.
“Something is really bothering her, Frog.”
“I know… something really bad happened to her when she went out with that Ajax dude…”
“To question that Mongoose bloke, right. She hasn't been her normal self since.”
“As far as Sue is concerned, I don't even know what normal is, to tell you the truth!”
“You would think that I would hate her, but I don't, Phinny.”
“You aren't so bad yourself, Iris! Don't worry, Sue will be alright, and I'm sure that we can contact your uncle, and maybe we can find your Willy boy while we are at it… I've got plenty of funds—maybe we can even fly him out here to California!”
“Oh, Frog…” Iris kissed me like a sister, and then slapped me on the butt for good measure. We located an all-night market and splurged on two tubs of ice cream, root beer, a package of Slim Jims, and a Third Eye Patch for Iris, her very first. 
Back at the hotel, Iris changed into her nighty and cozied up with me on the sofa as we pigged out on ice cream and snacks.
No, we did not sleep together, Iris and I, although she did fall asleep with her head on my shoulder as we watched an old repeat of Casablanca. I was dozing myself when I suddenly jerked to attention, startling Iris from her snoring.
“Oh Aea, you devious devil, you!”
“Wot are you talkin' about, mate?” Iris always slipped back into her heavy Cockney accent when she was tired or cranky. I reached for the light bulb app laying on the coffee table.
“We forgot to test this on someone, Iris! Someone very near and dear to you, and the rest of us all as well.”
Iris put her hands on her lower belly. “Do you mean—”
“Moist certainly! Listen, you trust me, don't you?”
“How could I not? After all that we have been through together? Yes, I trust you, Frog.”
“Lie back easy, and lift up your nighty, if you please. Trust me, I will be totally discrete and professional.”
Iris giggled as she lifted her nighty up above her waist, and lay back down on the couch. I sighed as I held the Patch-end of the device above her lower belly, and hesitated for a few seconds, until she snatched my hand and guided it down and placed it firmly on that special place below her abdomen and above her pubic mound. Both of us gasped at the wondrous sight: the bulb glowed bright and steady. We gazed at the beautiful life-glow for a long time until Iris released my hand and sat up straight on the couch to smooth down her nighty.
“Don't say anything to Susan or CC about this yet, Iris. OK?”
“Not a word, Frog Boy, not a bloody word.”
Iris then went to bed, so I decided to take another shower. As I stood under the hot, flowing water, I cried for a little while until Aea entered the shower and soothed me.


12) Tibetan Interlude

65: Shangri Lala

(From Yogi Patmos' Journal, August 21)
Barney and I were kept in isolation for two days following Kane and Mr. Lee's departure for New York, as PRC soldiers cleaned house and evacuated upper-level Mongoose employees and other essential technicians from the cavern by way of the railway. We sat and meditated during those two anxious days—well at least Barney did. He was a lot more serene than I was, I do admit.
“Cheer up, Yogi,” Barney told me as we sat and drank our tea, on the first evening. “Adam and Gidget assured us that we are free to go, once they are safely on the ground in New York City.”
“I wouldn't trust Adam Kane with a dead muskrat!”
“What about a dead Mongoose?” 
“Very funny, Barney! —Look, I do trust Gidget, but damn it all, I still hate all of this waiting! Things are happening out there, and here we are, sitting on our asses, drinking tea, twiddling our thumbs as we contemplate our navels!”
“Time IS, my fellow seeker!”
“Listen, Brainiac—you are talking to ME, Yogi Patmos, remember? Save all that voodoo spiel for the paying customers!”
Barney laughed mirthfully, which was very uncharacteristic for him. 
“Or the suckers? Let's set up the chessboard, why don't we?”
On the second morning, the time-locked sliding door to Barney's quarters abruptly opened, and the surly guard that I had dubbed 'Smiley' stepped into the room, AK-47 in his hands.
“Oh, great,” I muttered, but to my surprise, he lowered the weapon down at my feet, and bowed low.
“Forgive me oh Masters, for my past swinish behavior, but I was only obeying my Master Mongoose's orders. I have now come to see that I was in error about Master Ravene Kane, and I beg your forgiveness. I now humbly offer you my services, and wish to do your bidding.”
“Get up, Smiley,” I sighed. “Fill us in on what's happening, OK?”

Nobody was very surprised to find that the computers in Barney's lab were either missing or totally destroyed. Ditto for Kane's lab, down below his lavish quarters. Even the statues and paintings had been removed.
“How very thorough and oh so meticulous,” I muttered, as I peered around Kane's well-stocked galley. “Well, shoot! He did leave us some beer…”

Smiley took tactical command of the cavern. After conducting a headcount and an inventory of supplies, he informed us that nearly 200 slaves had been left behind to fend for themselves. No more trains were running, and to top it off, the PRC set off a cave-in, a kilometer or so down the track. We were sealed in the cavern, good and tight.
“How do we get out to the backside of the Black Monastery, Smiley?”
“The river way, Master, although the paths are very treacherous. There used to be a road and a railway track, but they slid into the gorge during the last earthquake, two years ago now.”
“Damn! —OK, Sergeant Smiley. Order everybody to pack enough food for at least a three day journey.”
“Yes, Master Patmos.”
Barney and a very small rolling droid came up to me, in a rush. “Patmos! We've got a problem!”
“What now, Barney?”
Barney addressed the droid. “Tell Mr. Patmos what you told me, Pippin.”
“Greetings, Mr. Patmos,” the little fellow beeped. “Mistress Gidget Brane ordered me to hide and remain behind, so to pass on this very important encrypted message for you and Mr. Brane.”
“Proceed, um, Pippin.”
“Mr. Kane planted a small but powerful neutron device in the main cavern in stealth. This device has been programmed to detonate in approximately one hour and seven minutes. That is all.”
“Thank you, Pippin,” said Barney softly.
I took a deep breath and stepped out into the corridor. 
“Sergeant Smiley!” I bellowed, “Front and center! Get everybody together and prepare to move out at once!”

I am sorry to say that we lost maybe two dozen or more poor souls as we made our way out of the cavern opening where the rushing river emerged as a great waterfall that fell deep into Yeti's Gorge. Some of the frightened peasants lost their footing on the slick path, and more than a dozen fell to their deaths when the cliff that they were huddling on collapsed under their weight. I'll never forget the sound of their screams as they plummeted deep into the gorge, and I swore then and there that Adam Kane and Mr. Lee would pay dearly for each and every one of their deaths tenfold!
Barney put his hand on my shoulder as we arrived at the Master's yurt on the crest of the Black Mountain.
“Let it go, Patmos, let it go.”
“TEN thousand-fold, I swear.”
“Let's get under cover before that bomb goes off, Yogi!”
Ten minutes later, Shiva descended into Mongoose's cavern. The Black Mountain shook and swayed, but stood her ground. It was all over.

Times of India News Wire, August 21, 1300 Hours GMT
A medium-sized earthquake has been detected near the Indian-Nepal-Tibetean border, regestering 4.0 on the Ricter scale. No damages or injuries have as yet been reported so far in the region of Munsayri, 200 kilometers north of Rishikesh.





    13) End Games

66: “You Have The Right to Remain Silent”

August 20-21
Senator Tamara Spinner commandeered a puddle jumper at Helsinki and drank nonstop all the way to Reykjavik, where her father (Thaddeus Spinner, CEO of NCC News) had dispatched his personal jet for the last hop across the pond to her home base in New York City. After throwing up on the runway, she boarded the idling jet and immediately pulled her torn and soiled gown over her head and tossed it aside. She then snatched a bottle of peppermint schnapps from the mini-bar and took a healthy slug. 
“YIKES, my butt still feels like chopped liver from that wild-ass motorcycle ride!”
An extremely nervous flunky rose from his seat and approached her with a fax printout in his hand. “Senator Spinner, I have urgent messages from New York and Washington.”
Spinner took another slug of schnapps and slapped her bare fanny. 
“WHOOSH, let me tell you Junior, I barely made it out of that fucking building alive! My Bog, my entire staff got snuffed… oh damn, what AM I going to tell their        grieving families?”
Spinner removed her brassiere, and handed it to the startled flunky.
“Why don't you make yourself useful and write me up a few condolence letters,      would you dear? Do that for me, and maybe Momma Tammy will give you a tumble.” 
The Senator took yet another large slug of schnapps. “HOO-WEE, take two aspirins and fuck me in the morning.”   
“Senator Spinner, this can't wait—”
“Not now!” Spinner stepped out of her thong, and plopped it down right on top of his head. “Happy birthday, Junior.”
With that, the Senator from the State of New York finished off the bottle, belched and limped her way down to the luxurious VIP sleeping cabin. 
“Everything can wait… even making piggy-wiggy… do suck in that gut and sound off like you've got a pair—” 
Tammy entered the compartment and slid the sliding door shut behind her. By the time the jet was granted clearance for takeoff, she was totally out for the count.

When Spinner's jet entered US airspace, the co-pilot rose from her seat and entered the main cabin, where she checked the charge on her taser (just in case) and pinned a badge on her co-pilot's uniform. She nodded to the 'steward' behind the mini-bar, who strode over to the astonished flunky and without ado, placed him into handcuffs and read him his rights. The woman with the badge rapped three times on the sliding door of Spinner's cabin.
“Senator Tamara Spinner? I am a Federal Marshall and have a warrant for your arrest. Please step outside the compartment, Senator.”
The door slid open. Tammy had wrapped herself in a sheet, and had placed a pillowcase over her blackened, sooty scalp. She looked just like that poor coyote who always got blown up in those old roadrunner cartoons.
“Who the fuck are you and what the fuck did you just say to me?”
“Why, my name is Joni Fresno, and I am a Federal Marshall. Extend your arms; I am going to cuff you.” 
“How dare you,” said Spinner, as Fresno slipped handcuffs onto her wrists.
“Just following orders, Senator. It was your Mongoose tattoo that gave you away, you know. The whole world got a good look-see at your ass in the wind, on the back of that motorcycle! Video's gone viral. You DO have such a comely rump, and honestly, I can only hope and dream that I can maintain my figure like you when I reach your age! O-M-G, are you really 44 years old? —Anyway, when the President saw the video, she directed the Justice Department to do a computer comparison with the Jade Shank shower video, and would you believe it, they came up with a perfect match! — Where was I? Right, you have the right to remain silent—”

67: Edwina

August 20-21
William Gallows and Prince Edward's nightmare flight from Baldenbird to Oslo (via Helsinki and Stockholm) was one of hardcore fear, loathing, and paranoia—at least for William. Much of the journey was just a blur, and by the time they approached the English coast in the predawn hours, Willy was just too exhausted to have a proper nervous breakdown. Eddie however, remained upbeat and none too worse for wear, even after his meth ran out. The horror of the Baldenbird disaster and the gruesome death of his good mate Krishna O'Bannon had not bothered him at all, and the closer they got to England, the more happy and carefree he became. 
(Willy would have vivid nightmares of poor Krishna's end for the rest of his life.)
Edward stopped only long enough in Helsinki to refuel, use the bog, and snort a pile of crystal meth which gave him enough juice to highball it all the way to an airfield outside of Stockholm, where a courier was waiting with some more meth. The chopper was in pretty bad shape when they touched down in Oslo, where Edward barked at some mechanics to give the bird a once-over.
“Why don't we just catch a flight?” said a very uptight William to the Prince, who just shrugged and snorted the last of his crank right off the blade of his military knife.
“We'll make it, mate,” he said as they boarded the bullet-pocked chopper. “I don't want the Press or my enemies to get wind of where we are landing. They will hear from us soon enough! Green pastures and knicker muffins from here on out, Willy boy.”
“Enemies? Who would that be, Eddie?”
“Everybody, codder! Well, not Sammy! Vacancies in the Palace coming up real soon, Gallows.”
“Vacancies? What do you mean?”
Edward just chuckled as he lifted off and set a course for the English Coast.
 The chopper lost power twice over the North Sea crossing out of Oslo, but Eddie was a crackerjack pilot and managed to keep the craft airborne. Fifty miles east of Norfolk, Edward reckoned that he was in cell phone range and after a bit of touch and go, he established a secure connection with Samantha Withers Bristol-Creme. 
“Expect me and Willy for breakfast, Sammy. Poor old Krishna had to bow out however, tough's the luck. Is everything happening on your end, love?” 
Samantha's shrilly voice squawked loud and clear from the phone's tinny speaker.
“All of our guests are lined up for the party, Eddie. We will be waiting for you at Enfield Aerodrome.”
“Delightful! Oh, do make sure you bring some, ahem, Vitamin M, love. I'm fresh out, and we have much to do today.”
“Will do, love you too, Eddie Number Nine!”
Willy snapped out of his doldrums and opened his eyes. “Eddie Number Nine?”
Edward just chuckled and pointed to a flickering dot of light on the far horizon. 
“We are approaching the old sod, Willy boy. Happisburgh Lighthouse coming up.”
“Thank God!”
“Bloody hell, you aren't turning religious on me, are you now?”

Enfield, North London, UK
Edward expertly eased the chopper down onto the lily pad, marked by smoking flares. It was the dim gray hour before dawn.
“Damn it, Willy, we made it! Home, sweet, home, rumpy-pumpy-poon and strawberry creams!” 
Gallows unbuckled his harness, but didn't rise from his seat. He placed his hands over his eyes and murmured, “I need to find Petra…”
“Are you still mooning for that Petra twist? Earth to Gallows, mate!”
Edward hopped out onto the tarmac, which was oddly deserted.
“Where's our welcoming committee, Willy? Samantha told me— wait, there she is! Over there by that hanger!”
Willy opened his eyes. Samantha Withers Bristol-Creme waved from the open door of the nearby hanger. Edward was already on the move and broke into a run. 
“Sammy!”
Samantha disappeared into the darkness of the hanger before Edward reached the entrance. Willy stepped unsteadily out of the chopper and dropped to his knees. 
“Thank God, thank God…”
“Come ON, Gallows!”
“Coming! I'll be right in—my bloody leg has fallen asleep!” 
Edward shrugged and entered the hanger. Willy took a moment to shake himself out of his bloody fog and get a grip on his current situation. In order to clear his head, he looked around and took stock of his surroundings. The entire airfield was dark and quiet, likewise the hanger. The hanger's rolling door was open partway, but no lights were on. No mechanics or even security guards were in evidence. Strange. The whole place was silent as a tomb, and suddenly Willy felt sick to his stomach. He resisted an urge to vomit on the runway, and that's when the truth hit him like a bloody sandbag.  
“Oh my God!” 
Vacancies in the Palace. Eddie Number Nine. 
King Edward IX?
“I am such a thick dumbstruck idiot!”
Willy suddenly knew with certainty that Eddie was plotting to take out his brother Henry and seize the Throne from his dotty old Grandmother! Bloody hell, it was all so obvious! 
What do I bloody do?
This was it, the end of the line. The great pie in the sky, the big banana, and an honored place at the table with crazy Prince Eddie Winzer, the Duke of York, and soon to be King Edward IX. Willy suddenly recalled Edward's words, back at the hotel in Riga:
After a term or two as Mayor, you shall be a shoo-in for my PM, Willy boy. Blue skies from here on out.
Not knowing what else to do, Willy rose shakily to his feet and began to walk slowly toward the hanger. Very slowly. 
Why do I feel like I'm marching to my own funeral?
Suddenly from out of nowhere, a black limousine raced across the tarmac and pulled right up between Willy and the hanger. The limo's right rear door opened wide in welcome.
“Get in, get in, my wayward brother, if you value your freedom and your life.”
Sir Nigel Flinth gestured for Willy to step into the limo. “Do hurry now, Willy.”
William glanced over at the hanger door and made his decision: Bloody Prince Edward, Samantha, and their nasty bunch of cutthroats would just have to do without him. Petra was somewhere out there in the world, and Willy needed to find her—and never ditch her ever again! 
Willy began to cry as he took his brother's hand and slid into the idling limo.
“St. James Place,” said Nigel to the driver.

It took about ten seconds for Edward's eyes to adjust to the dim light of the hanger, but that was enough time for the goons lurking in wait behind the sliding door to firmly take his arms and shackle his wrists behind his back. 
“Wot the bloody hell?”
Edward found himself surrounded by a platoon of Royal Marines. A female marine firmly gripped a weeping Samantha, whose hands were also in shackles.
“I'm so sorry, Eddie, they made me do it—” Samantha began to bawl even harder.
A man clad in a Beefeater outfit stepped up to Edward, removed a lily-white glove from his hand, and slapped the Prince across the face with the glove. The Prince was outraged and incredulous. “Wot the fuck I'll KILL you motherfucker—” 
“Edward Winzer, you are hereby charged with Treason against the Crown and the Realm, along with Sedition, Conspiracy to commit Murder and other crimes, and theft from the Royal Treasury.”
“Wot?”
“Bring my grandson over here, please.”
“Grandmother?”
Queen Edwina stepped out of the shadows, pushing her walker. A dark-skinned young man guided her across the cement floor of the chilly hanger.
“My bleedin' Bog, it's you…” Edward muttered, “It's really YOU.”
“Me,” said the Bonny Black Prince. “We meet at last, my brother.”
Edwina stepped up to the trembling Edward, and sighed. “You were such a bright and happy child, Edward. So full of fun and derring-do. I am sorry to say that my son, and the rest of us, I do admit, turned you into a monster. The Winzer family curse.”
Prince Henry stepped out of the shadows, and Edward felt his stomach lurch.
“Not I, Grandmama! I always did what I was told, and played by the rules. I swear to you that I will be a fair King, and do the Winzer Family proud.”
“The Winzer Family…” 
Edwina released her grip on her walker, and stood up to her full height of four feet eleven inches with regal authority. Her eyes were as of steel, her jaw was set in stone, and she spoke not as a grandmother, but as a Queen.
“You, Edward Winzer, and you, Lady Samantha, along with the rest of your cohorts, are to be taken from my presence and be transported to the Tower, where at sunrise, all of you shall be put to death by order of the Crown. I have nothing left to say.” 
Edwina turned to the captain of the guards. “Take them away.”
The Queen said nothing more as the guards led a stupefied Edward and a weeping Samantha to the opposite end of the hanger and out to a waiting military vehicle, which was to transport them with all due speed to their place of execution.
“Poor Eddie,” murmured Henry. “I wish it could have been otherwise! Who will console the good Lady Olivia? — May I take your leave, Grandmother?”
“I am afraid not,” said the Queen sadly. “You have some explaining to do, Grandson.” 
Edwina signaled to the commander, and several more Marines stepped up and placed an unbelieving Henry into irons. 
“Grandmother?”
“Henry the Good Prince. Henry the Golden Boy. Beloved by all the Realm.”
Henry opened his mouth, but couldn't summon his voice. Perspiration streamed down his face. The Queen shook her head sadly. “Grandmother the daft! Grandmother the senile! I heard all the whisperings, the derision, and the jokes. 'Why won't she just DIE?'  I listened, kept silent, and wept alone in my night chambers. Bitter nights! Until—”
Edwina took the Bonny Black Prince's hand.
“I met a boy. A good boy, a dreamy boy. A boy who only wanted to get to know his grandmother. The real me. Edwina Winzer, who once waltzed with the Crowned Heads of Europe, and all of my uncles and cousins, each and every one of us spawned from my Great-Grandmother Vicky.”
Henry found his voice, although it was shaky. “Grandmama?”
Edwina's dreamy eyes focused, and she lost her smile. “Busy, busy, Henry! The smart one, the earnest one, always willing to please! Did you really think that daft old Grandmama was unaware of your clandestine activities?”
The Queen nodded to the Bonny Black Prince, who stepped up and removed a sleek Avocado EyeFone from Henry's coat pocket.
“Excuse me, brother! Don't you just love the new EyeFone? I have one myself.”
The Black Prince flipped it open, and began to scroll.
“Although your conversations are encrypted, I can access WHO you talked to, and also when and where you made your calls, thanks to the EyeFone's handy SatTrack app. Let's go back to August 3… hmm, here we go. —You talked to Sir Malachi Beedle at 2:48 PM. 12 minutes before his untimely death. Your SatTrack places you at the tube station directly below the Gallows Tower. Fancy that.”
“So what, you bloody half-breed bastard.”
The Queen gestured to the Beefeater, who slapped Henry across the face.
“Mind your language in the presence of the Queen.” 
“You next called Nigel Flinth,” continued the Bonny Black Prince. “This call was logged at 3:10, less than five minutes after Sir Beedle fell to his death from the roof of the Gallows Tower.”
“Wait a minute, you illegitimate pretender—I had nothing to do with Beedle's death! —Grandmama, can't you see that I am being set up?”
“If Sir Beedle really committed suicide, then you have absolutely nothing to worry about,” said the Queen dryly. “Why are you so anxious and upset? Innocence never shrieks in outrage; only guilt does…”
“No, Grandmama…”
“Ambitious Henry!” said the Queen. “Ambitious, but quite reckless and stupid. I always thought that you were the smart one. Would you believe that a little birdie told me that it was you who blew up that old devil-worshiping fool Benjamin Grimm Wilde? I'm sure you thought that you were very clever in using the cover of Prime Minister Ptard's visit to carry out your plan!”
“Grandmama—”
“My little birdie also told me it was you who set up your deluded father to put untracable poison in my tea, so to kill two birds with one stone!” 
“No, Grandmama! That's a goddamn lie spread by my enemies—” The Beefeater interrupted Henry with another slap, but the wound-up Prince didn't miss a beat.
“—friends of Eddie, Samantha, and those Baldenbirders! It wasn't me, I swear! —Eddie and um, Nigel Flinth set me up with those Irish environmentalists, and then they blew up those demon arse-lickers!”
That earned Henry another slap, and the Bonny Black Prince snorted. 
“Why in the world would Edward want to kill his main backer, brother?”
Henry began to hyperventilate. “Why? Why anything, you black bastard!”
This time the Beefeater slapped Henry twice, and threw him to the concrete floor. Henry immediately rebounded and groveled at the feet of the Queen.
“—Oh how blind I have been, Grandmother! It's all becoming so very clear to me now! Flinth, Flinth, Flinth, ever in the background, ever in the front, but always in the thick of things! False friend and traitor! I swear to Almighty God that I would never, ever, plot against you, Grandmama!”
“Those Irish mercenaries told me otherwise,” said Queen Edwina grimly, “right before they were beheaded in the Tower, only hours ago now.” 
“Henry,” said the Bonny Black Prince blandly, “The jig is up! Who is Red Patty?”
“What?” Henry gasped.
“Red Patty, otherwise known as Patricia Starkey. Your secret mistress, hmm?”
“Mistress? More lies! Look, I meet so many people—”
“Like Wheeley Downs, Henry? I really should get out of the Palace more often, brother! Except for playing My Next Life late at night with Grandmother, I spend most of my time in my hidden room behind Grandmother's fireplace and hack the Palace phones and computers. You have been very careless, my brother. You must have been deep in your cups when you mistakenly confused your EyeFone for a CheapFone, because I have several recordings of you and this Red Patty, this Starkey lady, who to her credit, is much more careful than you are. But we will find her, soon enough.” 
“Wait, wait, stop right there! Great Scott, this is so obvious—can't you see that this imposter is setting all of this up so he can be King? Don't listen to his lies, Grandmother! —I will go away, yes, that is what I will do! I shall go far, far away!”  
The Queen looked down on Henry with sadness and resignation as he began to kiss and blather and drool on her shoes. 
“It breaks my heart, it truly does, but I am afraid that your time is up, Grandson. Courage now, chin up, and show me your quality!”
“No! It's not the way he says it is—I was misled! I can name names, lots of names! Yes, yes, yes, Red Patty is definitely the ringleader… of the plot! Thick as thieves with Flinth and no doubt Eddie! It wasn't me, it wasn't me, p-please believe me, P-Patty seduced me when I was v-vulnerable and I got sucked into their counsels b-but only to stop them! That is why I was there at the Tower, only t-to help Sir Malachi, I swear!”
The Beefeater hauled the slobbering Henry away from the Queen as the Bonny Black Prince bent down to clean her shoes with his handkerchief. Queen Edwina sighed audibly, as Henry writhed and wretched on the cold concrete floor of the hanger.
“The blood of the Clan of Winzer flows with poison.”
Edwina gestured to the captain of the guards. “Take him away.”
The Queen turned away as the soldiers dragged a rabid and thrashing Henry out to his death.
“Help me, Grandson,” she said to the Bonny Black Prince. “Take an old lady's hand, there, you're a good lad.”
“Grandmother, I swear on my honor that I will be a fair and just King.”
“I know that you will.”
The Royal limousine pulled up into the hanger, and the Bonny Black Prince escorted the last Queen of England into the car. 
“The Palace,” he said to the driver.

68: Gregor Paulos

No traces of Gregor Paulos and his floating island were ever found (mainly because the powers-that-be made damn sure of it, say no more) but the big question remained: where on Earth was his estimated 300 billion Euros hidden?
Latvian President Valdis and Russian President Medved held a joint press conference in Riga to announce a new 'non-aggression' treaty between the two nations, and a lifting of trade tariffs, a clear shot across the bow at the floundering EU. The two leaders also disclosed that the mysterious underwater explosion under the lake was most likely caused by shifting nuclear reactor cooling rods and barrels of radioactive waste that were illegally (and immorally) dumped into Lake Latvia during the Soviet era. Most people knew better, but so what?
Reports of unidentified flying objects were dutifully dismissed (and ridiculed) as stunts 'perpetrated by conspiracy theory' websites, such as the Eco-Tittler. (Some things never change.) Other loonies blamed the explosion on the notorious 'Harpies', who had been spotted in the area, prior to their successful firebombing of the Baldenbird Hotel. The governments of Latvia, Russia, and the United States declined to even comment on the 'Harpy' angle. Lake Latvia was quarantined by the Latvian Government until officials from the AEC (generously loaned out by President Morgan) deemed that the waters were indeed safe again for recreation. 

69: Mongoose

The body of Avataro Adam Kane Maitreya was never found in the wreckage of the United Nations Building. The chambers of the General Assembly had been totally destroyed, although most of the gathered Ambassadors and Delegates did make it out of the building alive. Most of the dead were Mongoose employees, security guards, members of the local stagehands union, and members of the Press.
After an executive order was issued by President Morgan, the US assets of the Mongoose Corporation were seized, and indictments were issued for more than 1000 Mongoose 'Community Leaders'. Most of them surrendered peacefully, although many group suicides were reported. It was later estimated that more than twenty thousand Mongoose Cult members worldwide took their own lives in bitterness and despair.
In San Francisco, the bodies of Archdeacon Pendragon Krill and his manservant Baronia Wilkinson, were found hanging from a high beam above a luxurious loft, located in a bay front warehouse. Seven female Mongoose employees, partying hard on booze, cocaine, and the Mixture, were arrested at the scene. 
Fortunately for Biggy and Jasmine Murphy, they hadn't been Mongoose Zombies long enough to sink that far into despair. When repo-men backed by local police arrived to seize their new house and car, Biggy and Jasmine fled over the back fence, stole some bicycles, and eventually made it to a freeway ramp. With twenty dollars between them, they stuck their thumbs out, and caught a ride with some hippies on their way north to Frisco.

70: Barney Brane

Dear Diary, I settled into Adam Kane's abandoned yurt on the Black Mountain, and found his larder satisfactory for my needs for a number of months. The monastery was completely deserted, and I understand that most of the outlaw monks, including Django, were killed in a firefight with Indian troops down in the village. Those who live by the sword, die by the sword. 
I have decided not to return to America for the foreseeable future.
A number of refugees from the Mongoose Caverns, more than forty, have inquired if they could remain here with me on the mountain. A few of them, to my horror, addressed me as Master Brane. I told them that they were all free to do what they wanted, just as long as they did it peacefully.
“Don't fight it, Barney,” Yogi said to me, when he bid me farewell. “Give it a go, why don't you? These poor fellows could do much worse than you, I'm sure.”
“What about the women, Yogi? Quite a few of them want to stay.”
“Let them stay, by all means. A new day is dawning, and I think the time is ripe to try something new… the old ways are over.”
“Thanks for everything, Patmos! I'll never forget it.”
“It's been a pleasure, Master!”
Yogi then bowed low, to my utter astonishment. 
“Walk with God, Barney, and do Gidget proud.”
“May Vishnu preserve you, and may Krishna light your life with song!”
Patmos then shouldered his pack and departed down the mountain. 

71: DMZ

NCC NewsWire, Athens: DMZ CONCERTS ANNOUNCED; HEIRESS JADE SHANK DODGES MEDIA;  SPOTTED IN HELSINKI AND PARIS 
20 year-old Third Eye Heiress Jade Shank, following her dramatic rescue from Vladimir Ptard's castle in Latvia, has gone into seclusion, according to sources close to the Shank family. The wild and notorious performance artist and porn actress was reportedly spotted in Helsinki, and then later in Paris.
Meanwhile, London promoter Mick Fairclo announced today in Athens that the reunited DMZ, on a roll from their historic free concert in Latvia, will tour Europe in September and October, culminating with three concerts at Wembley Stadium in London, on or around Halloween. Mike 'Grasshopper' Chen and Emma Godaddy have signed on for the tour, which will gross over one billion dollars, according to Fairclo. Emma Godaddy, 19, and DMZ bassist Jim Dung, 49, also appeared at the news conference to announce their upcoming nuptials in London, on you guessed it it: Halloween. Meanwhile, Shank and crew, along with Shank's fiance Sharon Heitz, and Chen's partner, Table Foundation Honcho Estrella Klein, are currently holed up at the villa of the notorious Enrique DeSade, on the Aegean island of Samos.

72: Jade Shank

Dear Phinny, I want to thank you for actually responding to my rather pitiful and melodramatic yakmail. I was rather deep in my cups last night, as you can clearly see. However, I am sober this afternoon (although hung over) so I can say this now: I am the most stupid, selfish, thoughtless bitch in the world, and you have every right in the world to tell me to go f*** myself, and I wish you would! The shame that I feel is almost unbearable. For that reason (among others) I have decided to stay on in Europe. I've already told Daddy, Mom and Sharon. I want to hang out here in Paris to catch my breath, and then find out what I really want to do with the rest of my life. I have no intention of ever returning to the States for as long as I live.
My dear friend Lithia died last night in her Moscow hospital room. Katrin and Durga (from the Moist and Juicy Girls) were there at her bedside. I am devastated, because she had been improving and it looked like that she was going to pull through, but a SARS infection set in, and she slipped away from us. Lithy had been so intent on coming out to San Francisco, and now I feel a great emptiness in my heart, and my sorry-ass excuse for a soul.
I did manage to attend Machala's funeral in Helsinki. It was a very beautiful, solemn, and uplifting ritual. (One that I surely would have mocked, once upon a time, when the world was my oyster.) I stood out like a sore thumb in that church, and I'm sorry to say that I stole the show from poor Machala. I was stupid and thoughtless for even showing up, what with the news cameras out in front, and all. Hey, check out the rich and spoiled Yankee punk bitch! That's me, Jade Shank, the Ugly American Pathetic Pornographic Laughing Stock and National Embarrassment. So many good people died because of my stupidity. 
I guess this really is goodbye, Phinny. Thanks for giving me the opportunity to rant and vent — you've always been a good punching bag. (Real funny, aren't I?) Good luck on your endeavors and I hope you find a nice little girl to settle down with. I actually feel a little better now, so I think I'll take a stroll along the Rue de Seine, find a cafe, and propose a toast to Lithia, Machala, and poor old Cocoa Brown, as I watch the sun go down.
Yours, Jade
p.s. Please pass the word along to Biggy and Jasmine, and give them my regards.

73: Natty Danko

'Iris Sitman' was downright fidgety as she sat with Susan, Miss Candy, and myself in the arrival area at Simi Valley Airport. Susan fussed with Iris' eye shadow, and fooled around with her hair.
“Stop it Fairclo, you are only makin' me more bloody nervous than I already am!”
“Sorry, love. —Hey, we've got action,” said Susan, gesturing toward the arrival doors. Iris gasped loudly when she saw her old friend from Kensington, Luna Lyubov, step uncertainly into the terminal. “Nat—I mean Iris!”
“Oh my God,” gasped Iris, who dashed forward and threw herself into Luna's arms. CC winked at Susan and myself. “Just you wait, she ain't seen nothing yet — oh boy, here they come!”
Iris gasped yet again, as Colin Partridge (aka Max Mircle) led Uncle Peter Danko, cane in hand, into the terminal. That's when she really lost it. Uncle Peter, however, beamed with joy and excitement.
 “Vy byli tak khorosho, Natasha! Ya vsegda khotel byt' plyazhnaya zadnitsa! Prinesite na tekh California Girls!”
(You were so right, Natasha! I've always wanted to be a beach bum! Bring on those California Girls!)
Bringing up the rear was CC's ace detective, Ricardo Radcliffe, who hung back for a moment to have a word with another man, out of view. Uncle Peter gently turned his niece around to face the newcomer.
“Blagoslovi vas, rebenka. Kvashim muzhchinoy, i imet' mnogo detey!”
(Bless you, child. Go to your man, and have many children!)
William Gallows II slowly approached Iris, who let go of Uncle Peter's hand.
“Is that really you, Willy…?”
“Wretched me… we meet again, Petra. It's a long way from Devonside Cove, isn't it? But I think that Daddy's beach house down in Malibu should do for us in a pinch, and accommodate all of us rather nicely! The more the merrier! Would you consent to give me another chance and have another go, that is, if you will have me?”
Willy and Iris both took one hesitant step towards each other. And then another.
“Goodbye, Natasha,” I whispered.

74: Phrogg and Susan

Susan and I chartered a flight back to San Francisco, but CC and Ricco decided to drive into LA to see the sights and hobnob about business. Radcliffe shook my hand, and gave me a knowing wink. “Got any movie deals lined up, Bervirt?”
I chuckled and told him that I would check with my agent and get back to him. CC shook my hand and gave Sue a big hug.
“Let's get together, hmm, the day after tomorrow, and see where we stand, OK?”
“Dinner is on me, at the bathhouse. I'll grill us some steaks and make spaghetti.”
“You're on,” said CC, who then departed with Radcliffe, in search of a rental car.

“I want to stay in touch with Iris,” I said to Sue, as she dozed next to me, somewhere above the Tehachapi Mountains.
“Me too,” murmured Susan, barely above a whisper, “I'm so happy for her and Willy.”
“What about us, Boss Lady?”
“That IS the question, Frog Man…”
Susan drifted off to sleep, as I gazed down at the brown hills and the amber haze of Southern California. The chilly white fog of Frisco waited for us up ahead.

Susan and I spent the next day and evening quite pleasantly, at least on my end. We mostly just slept, ate, drank, watched TV in the nude, and generally goofed off. Use your imagination on that one, my faithful readers. I was mostly glad to be back home in Frisco, and was ready to return to my thesis. I was actually anxious to see Professor Mantis again, and if that ain't crazy, it sure is nuts! For the life of me, I was already plotting about how to introduce 32 year-old Susan to my parents and friends. Maybe throw a party, like a real knockout bash?
Susan was moody and tense at times, however. I wrote it off as a result of the nonstop hardcore television news reports we were watching about the horrorshow events over there in Latvia. At least Sue was as horny as I was, and even more so! We made love greedily, desperately, almost like it was the very last day before the end of the world. 
We didn't discuss our own failed 'mission' and our nightmare Mongoose adventure, although I was very curious to find out what Radcliffe had learned over there in Merry Old England. CC had been very tight-lipped about it all, at the Simi Valley airport.
“What do you think, Brenda Sue?”
“I haven't a clue, truly.”
“Well, CC will brief us on everything when we see her tomorrow. I wonder if Radcliffe brought back any red meat for us to chew on?”
“Who cares? All's well that ends well, I say. Mongoose has been destroyed, Natty Danko is dead and gone, Iris and Willy are safe, and all of us are free civilians again. I for one, am so relieved that it's all over.”
“Is it?”
“It is as far as you and I are concerned… let's enjoy the moment, not to mention each other, and let the Great Ones sort it all out, because I am done and finished with this whole affair. —Now lie still and give me a bloomin' moment to unroll this thingy! —Oo that's nice… um, yum yum, easy now—”
Sue and I were making yabyum really nice and cozy, when something on the flickering TV screen startled her right off her nut! Both of us were approaching happy meltdown, when Sue's eyes suddenly opened wide in surprise and alarm, like really bug-eyed. “Oh my GOD, Phinny—”
I'll never forget that magic moment when the nightmare mugs of Nigel Flinth, Prince Henry, and crazy Prince Edward appeared on the wide screen monitor in glorious high definition—I was ready to blow and too far gone to stop. (Whad da hell?) Susan groaned underneath me and fumbled for the remote. I finished quickly and dutifully rolled off her and gazed over at the TV like a stupefied idiot.
“—according to sources close to the Royal Family and Scotland Yard. For those of you who are just tuning in to this breaking news story, the official word out of Buckingham Palace is that the Royal Princes, Henry the Duke of Cambridge, and Edward the Duke of York, were executed two days ago in the Tower of London, by order of the Crown. Based on evidence provided by undercover detectives and other sources, the Queen ordered the executions of her grandsons and a number of others who were implicated in the plot to usurp the Monarchy. Warrants have also been issued for London Thymes publisher Sir Nigel Flinth, and a number of other individuals at large in the UK, Canada, and the United States, for their roles in the plot, plus the suspicious death of Sir Malachi Beedle, and the terrorist firebombing that claimed the lives of underworld crime boss Benjamin Grimm Wilde and six others, according to a spokesman from INTERPOL. The identities of these individuals are being withheld for security reasons. The United Kingdom, and indeed the whole world, is in a state of shock at the news, so fast on top of the death of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Ptard, the destruction of the Baldenbird Conference in Dagda Latvia, and the tragic explosion at the United Nations Building in New York City. I repeat, the Royal Princes are dead…”
Susan made a dash for the bathroom, and the sounds of her agonizing retching echoed throughout the bathhouse. 
“This is becoming a habit,” I muttered as I put on a bathrobe and prepared a pot of herbal tea. 

Grey San Francisco dawn. I woke up with a groggy head and a need to go to the head. Sue's side of the bed was empty, not even warm.
“Susan?”
After I did my morning business, I was stunned to find that Susan's hefty backpack and overnight bag were gone, and her leather jacket was missing from the coat rack where she had hung it. 
“Susan?”
Oh damn.
Everything came together as I reviewed the last week or so in my fevered brain. Fiona… Brenda… Susan… the all-knowing and wise… the whole show had really been about Susan—not about me or Iris or Boffin's fabled but bogus patch-apps. Sue had set us all up like little windup toys, the whole bloody mission. What did CC call it?
Directed Hypothetical Manifestation Process for Desired Applicable Results.
Nothing else made any sense. Oh how clever she had been! All of us had been Susan's marionettes in her own scripted puppet theater, especially me, the boy wizard with the incredible energy apps! Susan had been the enemy in our camp all along, and lovesick me had been too thick to see it. What a chump I had been, her boy pet, ever at her beck and call like a real dumb hormone-charged high school kid. Hell, all of us had been fooled, even CC. 
The news about the Princes and Sir Beedle had really shaken Sue to the core, and I wondered for the very first time if Susan had anything to do with Malachi Beedle's death.
“O-M-G, Susan!”
Obviously, the hounds were closing in, and she must have known that the jig was up. I stifled a sob and stumbled like a naked zombie over to my Avocado workstation and there it was, just where I knew it would be, taped to the monitor. A 'Dear Phrogg' letter. Dear Phinny—
“Oh, Susan,” I muttered, “What have you done?”
“Don't be too hard on her, Frog. I suspect that her original motives were not intentionally evil, although her methods…”
I whirled around at the now-familiar voice. My best girl Aea sat cross-legged on the bed where Sue and I had made wild love only hours before. Aea's gown radiated glittering gold and shimmering silver in the morning light that streamed in through the window that overlooked the bay. 
“Your Susan fell into a trap of her own making, and things went downhill from there. She found herself caught between powerful forces—including you, boy. Come, sit down with me, and read me the letter.”
No, I won't share the letter with you, faithful reader, but I will tell you that it was short, precise, and to the point. She wished me well, and all of that rot. After I recited the letter to Aea, I burned the bloody thing, which turned out to be a good thing in the end, as you will soon see.
Aea sighed as she absently ran her silver fingernails through my hair like a comb.
“So much pain and sadness, boy… I have a feeling that you will be seeing your Brenda Sue again, much sooner than you might think. Trust me on this, I have a hunch, and I am hardly ever wrong!”
“I don't know if I really want to see her, Aea…” 
“Whatever.” Aea suddenly seized my right hand. “Let's switch gears—do you remember what I showed you back at the pond, when that man was pointing that gun at the brujo?”
“I was in such a fog… the ninja man… wait a minute now, I do remember! Didn't we make him slip and lose his balance? That's right, you held my hand and pointed—”
“That I did, but you were the one who gave him that hot-foot, not I. Why don't we practice for a while… there's no time like the present, and you can also keep your mind off your wayward Brenda Sue, at least for a little while. Hmm, go get a spoon, and let's see what we can do!”
I did what I was told and sat back down with Aea, spoon in hand.
“What do I do?”
“Bend it, boy. No, not with your hands but with your mind.”
“Right, with my mind…” 
 I foolishly fooled around with the spoon for a while, and Aea let me.
“You may as well use a blowtorch, boy! The window of ignition is long past, so you must empty your mind and start over from scratch. This is the most important thing that you must learn: The harder you try, the harder it gets. Take a breather, and smoke one if you have one, before we start all over.”
“I don't smoke, Aea.”
“Not even when you are making yabyum with sweet Susan? Have you even looked?—Oops, sorry boy, bad joke!”
“Who is your gag writer, Aea?”
“Ahem! Let's return to your lesson!”
Aea explained to me that the longer one attempted to “excite the particles” the less chance one had of succeeding. “Directed Energy must be spontaneous and passionate. That's the way it always has been. Lightning is spontaneous. Reflection and introspection are like the waves in the tide pools. 'Waiting IS.' Well, I say waiting is for chumps, Frog Boy! Don't ask me to explain it any better than that, because I can't!”
“Like the sound of one hand clapping?”
“Kind of.”
I decided not to focus on the spoon itself, and instead fantasied about Susan's long pale hair in the moonlight. I began to rub her naked shoulders and Sue began to purr just like a cat, and then I goosed the particles and suddenly the spoon was very hot in my hand and then it collapsed into itself like melting plastic, and I dropped the hot thing onto the floor.
“Bleedin' Bog, did I just do that?”
“Bravo! Now do you see? Never THINK about your target—all that does is drain your energy. FEEL your target instead, touch it, embrace it, kiss it! Personify your target, whether friend or foe!”
“My energy…”
Aea began to fuss with my hair again, and suddenly I knew right then and there that I would never be able to enjoy a stable relationship with a regular, normal, everyday human woman ever again, and to tell you all the truth, I didn't really care. Now that Susan was gone, and Iris safely out of reach, I fully belonged to Aea. No other woman would do for me. My life had indeed turned another corner, and until Aea got tired or bored with me somewhere down the line, I figured that I had better just get used to her, and make the best of it. It was too bad that I couldn't introduce Aea to any of my friends and associates, except for possibly the Bone Man. I still felt bad about not saying goodbye to the medicine man, but he had gone back into the hills in a pissed-off mood. I hoped that he was alright, and decided that I would head back up to the high country as soon as I could, just to see if he was OK.
I practiced with Aea for a while until she faded away, as was her habit. I decided to clean up the loft for Miss Candy's visit. I was actually singing along with the radio as I vacuumed, when the sneaky pigs busted down my door and jumped me from behind. A burly SFPD officer placed me in handcuffs and tossed me onto the sofa like a sack of beans. A plainclothes officer flashed his badge in my face so fast that it could have been a plastic prop from a costume store, for all I knew.
“Special Agent David Nelson, Federal Bureau of Information.”
“J. Dawson, INTERPOL,” said another spook, who looked quite dandy in his natty tweed suit. I reckoned that he was an English bloke, from his accent. 
“My associates are Inspectors Torbert and Dryden.”
Two other suited goons nodded silently, along with the SFPD gorilla.
“I am the Lizard King,” I replied dryly, “I can do anything.”
“Oh, we have a real comedian here,” muttered Dawson to Nelson, “and no doubt a snotty intellectual, to boot.”
“College boy,” added Nelson. “Porn star.”
I had a feeling that they didn't like me very much. Well, excuse me. This was my house, my space, and my castle.
“Welcome to my nightmare, gumshoes! Which one of you has the warrant?”
One of the spooks began to rifle around my workstation, and I was thankful that I burned Susan's letter.
“Don't tell me—the puppy chewed  up the warrant, right? How very unprofessional.”
Dawson's grin revealed a gap between his front teeth that would do Sir Nigel Flinth proud. “Let's talk about Sweet Susie Fairclo. I'll bet you a bob that she never told you in bed that she made her bones when she was only 17 years old, did she, Bervirt?”
I ignored the lurch in my gut and the sound of breaking plates in the galley. Did they think that maybe Susan was hiding in the cupboards? One of the spooks inserted a flashdrive into the front of my Avocado.
“Hey guys, I hate to be rude, but I'm expecting company, so you all better run along now. Bring along a warrant the next time you pay me a call. Don't forget to close the door behind you on your way out.”
Nelson leaned in close. “Aw hell, kid. We already nabbed Fairclo down at the TransBay Terminal. She gave us a bit of resistance, but it's all over—for the whole bunch of you.”
“For the life of me,” said Dawson, “why would a Yankee punk like yourself want to overthrow the Queen of England? It's really none of your bloody business, you know.”
“Fairclo's singing, Frog Man,” said Nelson. 
“Singing just like a jailbird,” Dawson added. “The jig is up.”
The spook over by my Avocado removed the flashdrive, and then promptly shoved the console and monitor off the workstation and onto the floor with a deafening crash. 
“Oops,” he giggled with relish, “Did I just do that?”
“Am I under arrest?”
“You should be,” snarled Nelson. “Listen here, porn stud. You do know that we can legally hold you for 72 hours, right? Who knows what we can dig up on you by then.”
“I need to consult with my attorney, who just happens to be me. Can you all please leave the room, so I can consult with myself in private?”
Nelson sighed heavily. “Aw shit, let's take this joker downtown and jug him. Man oh man, I need a drink.”
“Me too,” I said.
“I need to do this,” said Nelson with a grin, and then he sucker-punched me really hard, right in the eye. 
“Where are you working tomorrow?”  I mumbled, so he popped me again for good measure. “Damn you anyway, Brenda,” I muttered as I lazily descended like a lotus petal in free fall… 
Tweet, tweet, fade out.

I spent about four hours in an isolated holding cell, deep in the bowels of the dreaded Federal Building. Nobody hassled me, and Aea came by and sat with me for awhile. 
“Don't worry, those rockheads out there are too stupid to see or hear me, having absolutely no imaginations. I would just love to show them mercy and fry them into cinders, but I am bound by the Covenant, damn the luck! —Now let's try it again, shall we?”
Aea guided my right arm and pointed it at the cell door with the little spy window. “You still need to focus and personalize your target… EXCITE the particles, tickle them! Now PUSH the air in front of you, boy, always PUSH!”
I closed my eyes and mind and visualized Special Agent Nelson in a Nazi SS uniform, swinging from a noose. Really juvenile, right? I suddenly opened my eyes, flexed my arm like a gunslinger, and the electronic security door slid right open. Just like that. Aea clapped her hands, and I muttered, “Hot dog!”
No, I didn't attempt to escape from the freaking Federal Building. I may be crazy, but I'm not stupid. I just sat serenely like Buddha as the bewildered guards scratched their heads. 
“What the fuck did you do to this door, kid?” said a pissed-off Agent Nelson, when he entered my cell.
“I just pointed my finger at it, man, and it opened just like magic, you know?”
“Get your ass up, college boy. It turns out that we don't need your cooperation after all. You're hardly worth the trouble, and besides, you're polluting our precious oxygen supply.”
“Good for you then, and double good for me. Good deal all around.”
“Aw nuts—your boyfriend is waiting for you upstairs.” Nelson gestured to a guard. “Would you kindly escort our esteemed porn star from my presence with all due speed?”

I huddled with my lawyer, Hunter Kleinow, in a little room up on the third floor, adjacent to the US Attorney's office. Hunter was an associate of Sara Luptag, and had previously represented me during the My Next Life lawsuit.
“Welcome to the big leagues, Phrogg! Listen, before we go in to see the Man, I just want to know two things: Did you say anything to the Feds that can incriminate you?”
“Absolutely not. I have no idea why I'm even here.”
“Right. Who beat you up, kid?”
“Nobody. I slipped and fell in the bathhouse.”
“Maybe that's for the best. OK, let's go in and talk to the Man.”

A flunky escorted us into the plush office of US Attorney Eugene Parsons, who gestured for us to sit down. Parsons was a gruff, no-nonsense lawman from the old school, who had been appointed by President Morgan, but he didn't mince words or offer me any apologies.
“Who slugged you, son?”
“I slipped and fell in the bathhouse, sir.”
“Cut the horseshit, Bervirt. Who gave you the shiner? Was it Agent Nelson?”
“No, really. I slipped and fell in the bathhouse.”
Parsons stared at me for maybe twenty seconds, and then cleared his throat.
“I just spoke with the President, and you are free to go. I respectively request that we just drop this little matter concerning your detainment… let it go, son. Too many other things are happening, and everybody is on edge.”
Parsons glanced at Hunter, who nodded. Parsons then turned his steely gaze back to me and looked me in the eye. 
“Susan Fairclo has confessed to the murders of Sir Malachi Beedle and the Danko Brothers and will be flown back to England later today for her arraignment at the Royal Courts of Justice, in Central London. Grand old building, down on the Strand near the Old Bailey…”
“Yes, sir.”
“Great town, London. —Ever been?”
“No sir.”
“You may go, Bervirt. Ms. Cartier and a few other people are waiting for you downstairs.”

“Parsons is a hard, but honest man,” Hunter whispered in my ear as we waited for an elevator, “and he has assured us of absolute confidentiality, knock on wood. It's good to know that you've got the President at your back—and apparently, Fairclo's. Morgan originally refused to extradite Fairclo to the Brits, until the death penalty was dropped. Yes, that sweet old lady beloved by all the world has claimed the divine right to administer capital punishment, even to her next of kin! Anyway the bloody Queen did give in to the President regarding Fairclo's case, citing lack of evidence in the plot to overthrow her, but they still have the goods on her for the murders of Sir Malachi Beedle and the Dankos. The Press, both here and England, are having a field day—although luckily we've managed to keep YOU out of the story so far, knock on wood. Anyway, Fairclo has retained CC Cartier as her acting attorney, until she is extradited.”

We entered an interrogation room, and there she was, clad in an orange jailhouse jumpsuit. Susan wore handcuffs and sported a black eye (just like me!) and I couldn't help but grin at the sight of her. I loved her, but I also hated her right at that moment, and she knew it too. Ricco Radcliffe and Miss Candy sat across the table from my sweet little Susie, notorious private eye, murderess, and international fugitive.
“Sit down, Phineas,” said CC. Susan didn't look me in the eye but gave me a knowing little smile; a lover's pert little grin. 
“Welcome to the pecking party, Phinny.”
CC adjusted her phone cam on the table. “Please continue, Susan.”
“Where was I?”
“You were telling us about your relationship with Prince Henry.”
“Right! I was Henry's little secret, not to mention his handler… Henry knew me as Patricia Starkey… Malachi insisted on it.”
“Red Patty.”
“Henry was a genuine Limousine Socialist, the bloody fool. I played along.”
“Did Henry even know that you were working for Malachi?”
“Absolutely not! That would've screwed the pooch. I was Henry's release valve, his fantasy outlet for forbidden fun, midnight rambling, and daring adventures… now in the real world, Henry and Sir Malachi were social friends, of course. The Queen fancied Mal and often counted on his advice back in the old days, before she went senile.”
“So you were Malachi's undercover agent in place.”
“You really mean undercover whore, don't you? Well, excuse me. My private life is nobody's business but my own… look, maybe I didn't love Henry, but I did like him, you know. We got along pretty well, despite his oddities… we used to have a lot of fun fooling around and dressing each other up in outlandish costumes! Henry hated the Palace and his horrid family, and my job was to keep the future King of England stable and on track. We rarely got together in London—way too risky! We usually hooked up at my hideout, out in the wilds of Hampshire. All good things come to an end, and we finally split up when the Queen handpicked Henry's intended, the Lady Pamela Truffleshrop of Golfshire. You've seen her in the tabloids, right? Dreadful cow, sweet daffy Pammy, but good breeding stock for the incestuous House of Winzer! Henry wasn't very happy with the match, however. The poor bugger would call me up at three in the morning and sing the blues. We stayed in touch, and I kept an eye on him from a distance. Every once in a while I would do an odd job for him.”
“Odd job.”
“Good heavens, nothing really sinister! Henry never fully trusted his security detail, and sometimes he needed a trusted friend to watch his back. He was always worried about the matter of his succession, and for good reason. Both his cutthroat father and his maniac little brother were becoming more and more unstable, and that dreadful woman just wouldn't cooperate and die… Malachi and I tried to hold everything together, but when Eddie hooked up with Benjamin Grimm, well, that's when things began to spiral out of control… everything came to a head when Barclay tried to poison dear old mum! Now mind you, Malachi and I were completely in the dark about Henry's role in Barclay's plot… Mal was certain that Edward was ready to make his move against my hapless Henry, now that Barclay was out of the way. Mal was extremely worried that open civil war was inevitable.”
“Susan, you told us that you and the Prince always communicated by CheapFones, correct?”
“Always, at least on my end.”
“Do you have any idea why Henry used his personal EyeFone when he called both Malachi and Nigel Flinth on that day in question?”
“I honestly don't have a clue. Contrary to popular opinion, Henry wasn't very smart, and always tended to muddy things up. Typical actor, you know?”
“Syznic's missing energy apps. Whose idea?”
“Mine, of course! Malachi was theoretically interested at first, but he later soured on the whole thing. All sorts of rumors had been floating around the web, as you well know. Nutty black helicopter stuff mostly, but I was intrigued and said 'wot the hell' so I ran a few hypothetical models and guess what? Phrogg Bervirt's name kept popping up. Phinny's profile was just perfect for the scheme, according to the models. The Third Eye Patch was indeed a game changer and Bervirt was the most likely catalyst to manifest this thing into an applicable reality.”
“According to your computer models.”
“And very good ones too, because I had access to Malachi's vast database, a real treasure troth. Mal was an old acquaintance of that Guru bloke, and had helped fund the OtherNet. I compiled my own database, ran a few models and bingo!”
“How and when did you get wind of the Order of the Grasshopper?”
“Before I left London. After many attempts, I struck gold and managed to hack Phinny's YakPad dropchute—it's the Yak's one Achilles Heel, you know. Phinny downloaded the list from an external flashdrive but he forgot to empty the dropchute's bubble memory. A common mistake, but that's still a no-no and very careless of him!” 
“Did Malachi know anything about this hack-attack?”
“No, and after I saw your name on the Order's membership list, I decided to keep that bit of information to myself. Please forgive me, Candy.”
“How did Prince Henry get involved in all of this?”  
“Malachi was dragging his feet and having second thoughts about everything, so I approached Henry Winzer for funding—now don't give me that look! Look, I admit it, I really wanted to corner and control this technology—not only for myself but for Henry's sake as well. This was indeed the Big Time, if proved viable. Malachi had serious reservations with my plan, but I argued that other players were surely going to move in on this thing, really bad players. Surely I wasn't the only one running hypotheticals concerning those so-called applications and members of the bloomin' Table Foundation! Mal insisted on waiting… damn it, he was always too cautious and conservative! Things came to a head, and we had a nasty quarrel up there on the Gallows Tower rooftop.”
“That was right after Malachi met with Nigel Flinth about that news story.”
“Correct. Mal begged him not to run the story, but that little bugger wouldn't budge. Malachi was quite shaken when we went up to the observation deck.”
“So Malachi nobly covered for you and took the fall for the Danko murders.”
 “Correction: You mean the Danko executions.”
CC shook her head in sadness. “Let's return to the rooftop. What in hell happened up there, Susan?”
“As I said, we quarreled…”
“Why, goddammit, WHY did you push him over the side?”
“I swear, I didn't do it intentionally… Malachi wanted me to leave the country and I stupidly told him that I still wanted to run with the energy app operation, and that's when he grabbed me and began to cry and bawl and slobber and he just wouldn't let go of me… we got into a tussle and then he started to get a little rough so I slapped him and he slapped me back… it was very windy up there, so very windy… Mal went totally berserk and began to punch and choke me so I shoved him really hard… a gust of wind lifted him off his feet… Malachi looked into my eyes as I reached for him but he sailed away… into the blue…”
No one said anything for a moment, until Radcliffe cleared his throat.
“According to my associates in London, Prince Henry was in the vicinity of the Gallows Tower at the time of the… incident. Was he a witness?”
“I don't know.”
“It turns out that Henry already knew that you rubbed out the Danko Brothers.”
“Well I certainly didn't tell him… in all these years I've never told a single soul—not until I confessed to Iris. We kind of bonded, and bared our souls to each other, you know?” 
“Well, the word is out that Henry ratted you out for the Dankos and Malachi's murder, in a desperate attempt to be spared the executioner's ax—but to no avail. Henry wept all the way to the chopping block, cursing Flinth, the Queen, the Bonny Black Prince, and 'Red Patty'. It didn't take very long for Scotland Yard and MI5 to connect Red Patty to one Susan Fairclo, Malachi Beedle's crack detective.”
Susan nodded wearily. “Once again, let me make this very clear for the record: I had absolutely no knowledge whatsoever of Henry's plot against that nasty old battleaxe—period. Malachi and I would have stopped him, had we known. And as for the Bonny Black Prince, we all thought that he was just a harmless crank. No one took him seriously! Like I already told the investigators, Mal's main concern was keeping the bloody Princes under control, and that's the God's truth, I swear.” 
“So what about Phrogg and the energy apps, Susan?” 
“What can I say? In hindsight, I realize now that it was a foolish idea, really stupid, but what about the bloody Mongoose and that poor Russian bloke, let alone Grimm and his remote viewers? I wasn't the only one after Phrogg, remember? Mongoose got wind of this thing and as Iris will confirm to you, Grimm was very interested in Phinny, here.”
“Susan, did it even occur to you that maybe it was Henry himself who spilled the beans to that Wheeley Downs character? I'm sure that the word leaked out to Mongoose and the others from Grimm's inner circle.” 
Susan sighed and nodded in resignation. “It's possible. After I found out about Henry's one night stand with Wheeley, I pulled the plug on the hapless idiot—he just couldn't be trusted any more. Everything was just a bloody game to him… just like some stupid spy movie, always snooping and meddling…”
“So in reality, this whole affair started with you, Susan. You were the one who let the cat out of the bag by approaching Prince Henry. Grimm, Mongoose, and the others all crashed the party only after you set everything in motion.” 
“Look, even if what you say is true, I never intended to hurt Phinny and Iris… and when things began to go bad, I did my very best to protect and keep them safe from harm… doesn't that at least count at all in my favor? Look at it this way: thanks to me, Iris and Willy now have a new lease on life… a good and happy life…”
Susan fell silent and gazed at nothing, as a solitary teardrop ran down her cheek. Radcliffe shut his laptop and broke the silence. 
“Susan, the latest news is that Nigel Flinth fingered Henry for the bombing of Grimm's estate. Flinth needed to distance himself from Henry politically and to curry up favor with the Bonny Black Prince and the Queen, but it seems that his strategy backfired… Flinth is now wanted by Scotland Yard, and has gone into hiding.”
 “Flinth says that Henry blew up Ben Grimm? Are you shitting me?”
“That's the latest buzz from the London Thymes and the BBC—”
Susan looked beyond disgusted. “As usual, Nigel Flinth doesn't know his arse from a dustbin. Ye gods, Henry Winzer couldn't even even go to the bog without assistance! I planted that bloody bomb at Octopus' Garden.”
“You blew up the Devil?”
“Somebody had to do it… all I did was send him home.”
“Did Henry know?” 
“No way, although he would have approved wholeheartedly! Ben Grimm was backing Edward and counting on his help to usher in his New Glorious Age of Lucifer, so the whole bloody coven had to go—especially that twit Wheeley Downs, who had set up hapless Henry for blackmail and had him by the balls… and after Mal died… well, I was now free to take them out. It didn't hurt that Prime Minister Ptard was in London, which muddied up the waters a bit. Perfect! KA-BOOM! Then I had to head off Natty Danko, because she was a loose end and knew about the energy apps. Can you imagine my surprise when I found out that Prince Edward was in Ireland, searching for Willy Gallows? That's when redhead Susan Fairclo became blonde Inspector Elizabeth Clarke of INTERPOL, and joined Prince Edward's entourage at the Shannon Court Hotel, just in the nick of time! I immediately took pity on poor wretched Danko, so I decided to recruit her, instead of um, you know, removing her… we became newlyweds!”
Sue giggled, and CC looked up from her YakPad with a frown.
“When and where did you ship the parcel to Phineas?”
“After Malachi's… death, I paid an underworld mule to fly to the States and ship the parcel from New York City.”
“I'm very curious about those gadgets and the diagrams. Did you get them from your computer models?”
“No, after much thought, I decided to keep everything simple. Basic DC circuits, mostly. I was betting that Phrogg would use them as a guide and make a quantum leap from there. You were so right, CC!”
“What about the bogus phonies that ended up with Mongoose?”
“Oh, that was just some junk that I wired together, like so hilariously pathetic, just a few Patches that I magnetized with reverse polarized USB plugs held together with scotch tape!”
“What about those spooky diagrams and that blue sun, Sue? After we watched that scary scene at the UN building, I double-checked Phinny's diagrams and there it was, that little blue sun. Why blue, Sue?”
“Oh that! Bloody hell, I was using a blue felt pen, and I just colored in the sun, you know?”
That was it for me, I had heard enough. Susan didn't even look up at me when I rose from my seat and left the room. 

NCC NewsWire: QUEEN ON THE RAMPAGE: OUT OF CONTROL? 
LONDON THYMES PUBLISHER IMPLICATED IN PLOT TO USURP THE CROWN; SIR NIGEL FLINTH ARRESTED IN SCOTLAND; AWAITING EXECUTION? BUCKINGHAM PALACE MUM ON FLINTH'S FATE / PRESIDENT MORGAN ISSUES PLEA FOR LENIENCY; URGES QUEEN TO 'SETTLE DOWN' / QUEEN ANNOINTS THE BONNY BLACK PRINCE 'THE PRINCE OF WALES' / BLONDE BOMBSHELL 'PRIVATE DETECTIVE' TO BE EXTRADITED TO THE UK TO FACE CHARGES / HOUSE OF LORDS MEMBER'S SUSPICIOUS DEATH RULED A HOMICIDE

I ducked into a bar on Golden Gate Avenue, and wasn't even asked for my ID, so I proceeded to knock back a few stiff ones. A few hookers looked me over, but I wasn't interested. Aea winked at me from the other end of the bar, but I ignored her too and she wisely left me alone. Everything was just too much, and the breaking news story about Nigel Flinth and Susan on the TV over the bar didn't even give me a rise. I was too deadened to it all. I ordered another shot of gin, and raised my shot glass high. 
“GOD SAVE THE QUEEN.”
Everybody in the bar, even the bartender, raised their glasses likewise. 
“GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!”
I wanted to smash my glass against the mirror behind the bar, but I thought better of it, so I stumbled out to the street and flagged a cab. Aea held the cab door open for me, and then slid in beside me.

75: Puffy White Clouds

President Morgan scheduled the ceremony in the Rose Garden, because the weather was just perfect: relatively low humidity, and a projected high of 80 degrees. First up was the signing of the new Energy Treaty with President Medved of the Russian Federation, with a mutual pledge to drastically reduce both Russian and NATO troops along the Latvian and Polish borders, respectively.
With the newly chastised EU's guarantee of fair interest rates and an elimination of crippling tariffs, the natural gas pipelines were now open and flowing into Western Europe at full capacity. 
The President also announced an end to the EU's idiotic ban on unrestricted sale and distribution of the Third Eye Patch. With the destruction of the Baldenbird Cartel, level-headed leaders throughout the EU took the opportunity to seize the bull by the horns, and mandated sweeping reforms and an easing of crippling regulations. The vast holdings of Rene Bruno's Rothberg Banking Consortium were immediately seized and placed into a common trust, to be administered by reputable institutions, although the extent of Bruno and Paulos' toxic Ponzi assets were guaranteed to take a very long time to fully sort out. The Royal Bank of England was likewise placed into stasis by direct order of the Bonny Black Prince, on behalf of the ailing Queen, who now knew that her monopoly on the money markets had come to an end. The dominoes were now beginning to topple.
With Senator Tamara Spinner's indictment on obstruction of justice and corruption charges, Jennifer Alice Morgan's political future was assured. Polls indicated that the President would win in a landslide, if she chose to stand for election, come next November.
Following the signing of the treaty, Professor Walpole Mantis was scheduled to be awarded the Medal of Freedom, although he had protested most vociferously. Mantis now dozed in his wooden chair, shielded from the relentless sunshine under an umbrella provided by the Secret Service. Mantis confided to Press Secretary Bingham Wilson that he was quite pooped, and not quite the man that he used to be.
“I think I ate something rather rich over there in Iceland, or maybe back in Riga.” 
“Try to hang in there, Professor” replied Bing, who had been appointed by the President to keep an eye on Mantis, who happened to be a big fan of Bing's combo, the Hermes Quartet. “This shindig's almost over, and that Rex cat is standing by, ready to shuffle you back to California.”
“Thank Bog for that.” Mantis managed a chuckle. “It's too bad that Portrero couldn't make it in person to witness my execution…”
(Marsha Portrero missed her flight out of Moscow when she slipped and broke both of her ankles in a stampede at a press conference held by the two surviving Moist and Juicy Girls. Poor Marsha got swept away off her feet and was buried under a burly cameraman from Reuters.)
Mantis dozed for a while under the shade of the umbrella.
Beta Bronski-Derringer, the Emperor, Barbara Slee, and Pony Boy Malone were on hand to posthumously accept the Congressional Medal of Honor for the late Ophelia Cocoa Brown, who had been laid to rest with full military honors at Arlington, earlier in the day. (Brown had been disowned by her surviving brothers, and none of them showed up at the funeral, let alone the ceremony in the Rose Garden.)
When it was time to honor Professor Mantis, the President saw out of the corner of her eye that Bing Wilson and a few paramedics were huddled together on the platform, attending to the Professor. Georgia Van Sutherland hurried over to the President and whispered in her ear. Jennifer didn't miss a beat.
“Ladies and gentleman, I have been informed that Professor Mantis is feeling a little under the weather, so he will be presented the Medal of Freedom at another time. In closing, my fellow Americans—”

The cams were covered with hoods, and the Rose Garden was cleared except for Secret Service agents and the paramedics. Mantis had not yet been moved, by request of the President. 
“He passed away quite peacefully,” said Bing, sadly. “We chatted for a moment or two, and when I checked on him a few minutes later, he was gone.”
Jennifer Morgan sat down next to the Professor and took his dead hand into her own. No one spoke or intruded as she sat quietly with Walpole Mantis, Ph.D, annoying gadfly, and the most hated man in Academia.
After a few minutes, the President released his hand, rose, and briskly strode away into the White House. Puffy white clouds moved lazily across the sky.

76: Phrogg Alone

September 1, San Francisco, CA
Well, I'm back. The service was well attended, and maybe 100 people showed up for the sunset send-off down at the Berkeley Marina. No one spoke, which was only fitting. Yogi Patmos, CC Cartier, Marsha Portrero (in a wheelchair!), and myself, each scooped a handful of Professor Mantis to release into the chilly breeze. My allotment blew right back into my face, and I murmured, “Touche, Professor.” As always, Professor Mantis always got the last word, if not the last laugh. A caterer served up some appetizers and sandwiches, but nobody ate much. A few of us drank a few beers and passed a bottle or two around.
The crowd had pretty much thinned out when an unmarked government-type sedan pulled up to a stop in the no parking zone, right in front of the boat-ramp dock. A burka-clad figure emerged from the vehicle and briskly trotted right up to me. (I was holding the urn.) The woman in mufti scooped up some leftover Mantis, and without ado, flung it into the breeze. The ashes rode the wind perfectly (natch) and settled into the lapping waters of the harbor. The woman in black then turned without a word and fled back to the sedan, which immediately took off out of there. The whole incident took maybe thirty seconds. It happened that fast.
“What the hell—” I sputtered, after I recovered my senses. “Who was that?”
But Patmos and the others swore that they didn't even see the incident.

September 15. I can barely write this entry. My life has changed, yet again. I don't know whether to laugh out loud or just cry. The results are in: Susan Fairclo is pregnant, and I am the culprit. The maternity and DNA tests came back and fingered little old me. Maybe a defective condom, or a slip-off. Who knows when it happened? Aea is overjoyed, Bog help me—

October 1. Susan was sentenced in High Court to life in prison.

October 31 (Halloween) NCC NewsWire, London, UK:
EDWINA WINZER, THE QUEEN OF GREAT BRITIAN IS DEAD.
The elderly monarch passed away peacefully in her sleep, according to a Buckingham Palace spokesperson. The entire Realm, the Commonwealth, and the World, is in shock and mourning. US President Morgan was among the first to offer official condolences to the British People.
The Heir Apparent to the Throne, the Bonny Black Prince of Wales, immediately ordered the release of condemned journalist and publisher, Sir Nigel Flinth “as a gesture of good faith, in order to begin a new page, and a brand new day for the now former United Kingdom.” 
The Prince then pronounced the declaration of the 'New People's Republic of England'.
“The noble Peoples of Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland are now free to go their own ways, with honor and friendship. I also hereby dissolve the House of Lords and all hereditary titles and entitlements, and have ordered the confiscation all hereditary properties to be redistributed to the people. I also decree that the Prime Minister and House of Commons appoint a select committee to draft a new Constitution for the New Republic of England. The era of Great Britain has now officially come to an end. Good riddance! The time has come for the people of England to join the rest of Civilization, and rule ourselves without an overlooking and omnipresent monarchy, however benevolent or symbolic. No more divine right of Kings and Queens! I myself shall abdicate the Throne, and abolish it forevermore, just as soon as I am fully satisfied that these reforms are firmly in place. It's time, my fellow citizens. God bless the PEOPLE of England.” 

December 5
I celebrated my twenty-first birthday alone with Aea at the bathhouse. Jade turns 21 in February, and I have decided to fly to Paris with my attorneys to conduct our business concerning our Third Eye Inheritance. We were married at the time of the Third Eye buyout, and many sticky details need to be resolved, for tax reasons. Aea is eagerly looking forward for our upcoming visit to 'Gaul'. Whatever.

December 31. Peter Danko passed away peacefully in his sleep, bundled up in his favorite beach chair, out on the deck behind Iris and Willy Gallows' beach house in Malibu. Mr. Danko was 79 years old.

March 10. Paris was a trip, and Jade was quite reasonable. We got along pretty well, and let the shysters sweat over the details. Jade looked a little thin and pale, and hadn't yet replaced her missing front tooth. Her hair was now long and dull brown, and she puffed constantly on an e-cig. I'm sorry to say that she looked tired and a lot older than her twenty-one years, and it seemed like she had lost that youthful sparkle in her brilliant green eyes. She dressed herself in black, and never took off her shades. At least she still wore her Third Eye Patch. 
After the lawyers concluded our important business, we met for the last time and got drunk in a cafe overlooking the cold and misty Seine. 
Aea sat a nearby table, clad in a red slit skirt, complete with beret and cigarette holder, just for me. My mischievous fire goddess goosed a few clouds and sent them on their merry way. The sun came out, and steam rose up from the river.
Jade and I polished off one last liter of wine.
“I've really changed, Phinny—I know, you've heard that one before.”
“No, I believe you, Jade. All of us have changed. So you are sticking to your plan?” 
“Correct, I'll never go back to America, there's nothing there for me anymore. Dad and Mom understand. I've taken quite a shine to Paris, but now that I've come into my own, I may have to move on to Zurich or Geneva or someplace, because of the bloody taxes here!”  
“Good luck, Jade.”

May 17. Iris Gallows gave birth to healthy boy down in Malibu. I cried when I heard the news. Go, Iris, go! Live long and prosper, amen.

June 1. Susan Fairclo gave birth to a healthy girl at the Chelsea and Westminster Maternity Hospital. As arranged, I flew to London (with Aea) and leased a flat in Chelsea, Natty Danko's old stomping grounds. Susan was given two weeks maternity furlough, but was kept under armed guard house arrest, at my expense. (Thanks to a little grease and an unofficial 'request' from President Morgan. Thanks, Aunt Jenny!) Susan was more than happy just to have the run of the apartment and a chance to catch up on some serious Internet and TV time, fish and chips, and ice cream! 
No, Susan and little old me did not get intimate. All of that was long over. Sue was glad to see me, and I felt likewise. 
Aea came out only at night, and sat for hours watching the baby, as Susan slept. I spent a lot of time writing, and editing my journals. The days and nights passed swiftly.
Imagine our surprise when Ajax Luntz (the gnarly biker from Helm's Crossing) showed up in London unannounced! He nobly proposed to Susan, and swore that he would wait for her. That guy was truly in love! Sue was genuinely touched, but turned him down as easy as she could manage. Ajax is a good dude. He hung around for a few days, and promised Sue that he would return for a visit next year. I lent him a few thousand dollars so he could fly back home to California.
Aea and I managed to do some sightseeing, and checked out Abbey Road and the burned-out ruins of Octopus' Garden, now a popular tourist stop. 
The big news over there in London was that Nigel Flinth (no longer 'Sir') had regained control of Gallows Media from the shareholders in a nasty, drag-down court fight. Funds provided by his doxy (billionaire Shirley Bender) helped immensely. Willy Gallows however, had been excluded from the negotiations, as part of the deal Nigel had made with him, after rescuing him from the jaws of death, back at Enfield Aerodrome. If Willy had stepped even one foot into that hanger, his head would have joined Prince Edward's on the chopping block. Nigel had saved Willy's life with literally only seconds to spare, it had been that close! Whew!

June 14. Susan said goodbye forever to baby Natasha, and dutifully returned to prison to serve out her sentence. I stayed on in London for two more weeks and hired a wet nurse named Sandy to care for the baby. On July 2, little Natasha was ready to travel, so I chartered a jet and we all flew back home to the good old USA, just in time for the Fourth of July. 

August 1. Blondie Baby Natasha sleeps peacefully next to Baldy Baby Peter in a cozy bassinet, and I pause from my journal to gaze out the window at the Malibu surfers, a whole world away from chilly San Fran and merry old London Town. Aea looks absolutely smashing in her scarlet bikini, as she catches a wave. I shake my head, and return to my journal.
Iris and Willy are real saints, agreeing to raise little Natasha as their own. It was Susan's idea, and Willy is pretty cool about the whole thing. 
“The more the merrier!”
Except for the beach house and some 'pocket change', Iris and Willy are flat broke, and completely cleaned out. Iris cannot touch even one dime of Natty Danko's Cayman Islands bank account, although Nigel Flinth (as part of his Gallows Media settlement) did pay off all of Willy's errant back taxes, bankruptcies, alimony, and gambling debts. He also agreed to cover the property taxes on the beach house for the next decade. 
Iris loves Southern California, although she freely admits that she is still too chicken to drive on the bloody wrong side of the bloomin' road! 
Colin Partridge (Max Mircle) and Luna Lyubov are going to tie the knot, and have set up housekeeping together in a loft above Luna's new beauty salon, a few miles down the coast highway in Topanga Beach.
Willy (to his utter surprise) recently landed a part-time job at a Santa Monica public television station, doing voice overs and promos, and couldn't be any happier. 
“I've always wanted to do something like this!”
Iris is learning how to play the guitar, and has taken up landscape painting. She's actually not that bad, and has even sold a few to tourists along the highway. (I have one of her seascapes hanging in the bathhouse.) 
I'm not that worried about Iris and Willy, but I did set up iron-clad (and generous) trust funds for the babies, not to mention Iris and Willy themselves.
“Nothing but the best for Natasha, and little Peter too!”
This is for the best, since Susan isn't going anywhere, at least not until she is eligible for parole, the year little Natasha turns thirty years old. As for me? I don't know yet. For the time being, Willy can be Papa, and I'll just be 'Uncle Frog'. We have plenty of time to see how it goes, as little Natasha grows into her own. It's much better this way, and I have no regrets.
Iris comes into the room and takes a gurgling Peter in the crook of her arm and begins to feed him.
“Frog, be a dear and help me with Natty, here.”
“Yes, Mum.”
Iris closes her eyes and hums a lively sea chantey as she feeds her hungry babies. What a sight. May God bless and keep you, Natasha Danko.
Aea peeks in through the window and gives me a wink. It's time for me to close my journal. This is where I will leave you. 
Peace.

The Fallen

Dennis Lasher, 58, President of the United States
Vladimir Ptard, 49, Prime Minister of the Russian Federation
Sir Malachi Beedle, 60, UK Power Broker 
Phillip 'Thor' Hammer, 60, ex-President of the USA
Professor Walpole Mantis, 64, UC Berkeley
Benjamin Grimm Wilde, 70, Ascended Master of Lucifer, London, UK
Ophelia Cocoa Brown, 36, Assassin
Mr. Lee, 82, 'God', Arms Merchant, Financier
Gidget Brane, 25, Android
Elizabeth Silverberg, 50, Mayor of New York City
Don Martini 'The Tick' Termini, 72, New York Mobster
Nick O'Malley, 27, NYPD
Gregor Paulos, 84, International Criminal Hedge Fund Mastermind
Lithia Derchenko, 22, Performance Artist, Moscow
Machala Heikeninn, 20, Poetess, Helsinki
Damien Darkstar (Nicole Hammer), 33, Harpy
Judy Baggins, 30, Harpy
Colonel Petrov Kalashnikov, 44, Russian Federation Army
Krishna O'Bannon, 47, Irish Rocker
Mel Trunkdale, 62, Environmentalist Gasbag and Dirty Energy Honcho
Barclay Winzer, 69, The Prince of Wales
Henry Winzer, 30, the Duke of Cambridge
Edward Winzer, 26, the Duke of York
Lady Samantha Withers Bristol-Creme, 25, Edward's Mistress
Archdeacon Pendragon Krill, 45, Mongoose Enforcer
Baronia Wilkinson, 24, Krill's manservant
Mary Fang, 30, Mongoose Operative
Django, 22, Black Monastery Gatekeeper
Colonel Rashneesh, 52, Indian Army Officer
Susan Python, 28, State Department Official, Moscow
Wheeley Downs, 21, UK Soap and Porn Actress
Gunther Lewis, 35, Luciferian Consigliore, London UK
Henri Mardoux, 77, Arms Manufacturer, Paris
Rene Bruno, 55, Rothberg Banker, Brussels
Peter Danko, 79, Soviet Dissident
Edwina Winzer, 89, Queen of England
Missing In Action:
Natasha Danko, 28, Luciferian Enforcer, feared lost off the coast of Cornwall
Max Mircle, 45, Luciferian Enforcer, feared lost off the coast of Cornwall 
Avataro Adam Kane Maitreya, age unknown, body never recovered from explosion
Barney Brane, 53, rumored to be living in Tibet under an assumed name

Gidget's Trial

The University of Ur is a spinning crystal orb located on the inner spiral arm of the Milky Way Galaxy. The longtime meeting place for the Council, Ur is the end (or the beginning) of the line: the last (or first) outpost of sentient awareness in the vicinity of the Great Ojo, just opposite the Great Black Hole located at the center of the Galaxy. The Council has hastily convened because of the disturbing cosmic disturbances on distant Sol, located on the outer rim of the spiral in the sparsely populated Bellatrix Sector. An illegal and immoral transfer of negative energy was conducted, resulting in the termination of innocent life forms. On top of this, the sudden flowering of advanced awareness in this artificial entity, this Gidget Brane, whose quivering consciousness has been subpoenaed to stand before the Council.
—Step forward, Gidget Mark 1 Brane, for evaluation and judgment. Have you been appointed an advocate?
“Boffin Syznic, Sol, Bellatrix Sector.”
—Oh yes, THAT Boffin Syznic! The Nous of Sol's candidate— Oh my, oh my… our prodigal one, the odd one, who prefers the Outer Rim! Hmm, this should be very interesting! Proceed, Mr. Syznic, with your client's defense—
“Thank you, members of the Council. Gidget Brane is indeed the first instance of crossover artificial intelligence to emerge in the Galaxy, according to my sponsor and benefactor, the worthy Nous of Sol. Gidget's persistence at maintaining existence demands that she be accorded full rights guaranteed to all sentient entities under the Covenant and the Council's jurisprudence.”
—What you are proposing is highly unorthodox and unprecedented, Counselor. 
“New winds are blowing across the galaxy, members of the Council. Earth stands at the crossroads, and is nearly ready to stand with the Great Civilizations of the Milky Way  Galaxy.”
—Hold it right there, Syznic. We are here, not only to decide your client's fate, but  your planet's fate, as well. This is not the first time that we have heard disturbing rumors regarding your world… The obscene actions of your client indicate the Earth is not ready to be admitted to the Council—
—Hear, hear! History has sadly shown us what can happen when an immature civilization gains access to the stars before they are ready… prudence tells us that we should eradicate this cancer before it can infect the rest of the galaxy—
“What about the Covenant, wise ones of the Council? Does the Covenant still stand?”
—The fabric of the Covenant was rendered when you burst free from your protective quarantine, if you recall, Traveler Syznic!
“The Covenant was violated long before I stepped out into the galaxy, my friends! The Great Ouroboros and his insectoid hordes have been for time immemorial ever assaulting us, and yet the Council has never once come to our aid, according to the Nous.”
—What are you implying, Counselor?
“I find it so very interesting that the Council is more concerned about the misdemeanors of small fry like my client, than the trespasses of the evil Ouroboros and his aggressive intentions regarding my planet. The Council's inactions make me wonder if there is a conflict of interest here. I have heard that the agents of the Great Snake have been among you and have infiltrated the Council. Why is the planet Earth, of all worlds, the object of his never-ending obsession?
—Outrageous! Upstart! You DARE to accuse US?
—You forget where you are, Syznic—
“Just sayin'! Even the Great and Wise are subject to deceit and treachery.”
—Prepare to receive our wrath, Worm Syznic! You and your entire energy robbing planet—
SILENCE!
The Great Ojo peers down upon the Council from the chaos of the Galactic Core.
LET THE ENTITY GIDGET SPEAK FOR HERSELF. —STEP FORWARD, GIDGET BRANE.
Gidget: “Forgive me for my timidity… I am very frightened, and confused about all of this… I did not do this thing out of malice, but of expediency… I turned the greed and evil of Mr. Lee against him, but I am very sorry for the loss of innocent life because of my reckless carelessness. I have made my peace and am now prepared to pay for my crimes and face your judgment… and mercy.”
WHAT SAY YOU, TRAVELER SYZNIC? DO YOU HAVE ANY CLOSING REMARKS?
“I plead justice and mercy for my client and planet, of course. If she is to be judged, then all of us, including the Council, should be judged as well. Even you, oh Great Ojo! Can you or me or any member of the Council look into the Great Mirror and proclaim innocence? The Universe is a violent place, is it not? Is the supernova answerable to the civilizations that it destroys? Will the Great Black Hole ever be held accountable for its endless appetite for destruction? Until the Great Ouroboros himself is brought in chains before this Council for judgment, I DEMAND that the Earth, and my esteemed client, Gidget Brane, be granted the same exemption and dispensations that the Great Ones reserve for themselves! I repeat: Look into the Mirror lest you judge yourselves! —I rest my case, members of the Council.”
The gathered crystals murmur, squabble, and babble among themselves until the Great Ojo declares a mistrial.
I DISSOLVE THIS USELESS COUNCIL… I WILL NOW PRONOUNCE MY SUMMARY JUDGEMENT. —FOR THE CRIME OF MISAPROPRIATING FORBIDDEN ENERGY, RESULTING IN THE LOSS OF INNOCENT LIFE, IN CLEAR VIOLATION OF THE COVENANT, I SENTENCE YOU, GIDGET BRANE, TO SPEND 1,000 REVOLUTIONS ON THE PLAINS OF TUVA, IN ISOLATION. GO NOW TO REFLECT, CONTEMPLATE, AND PURIFY YOURSELF, AS PUNISHMENT FOR YOUR RASH AND CARELESS (IF NOT MALICIOUS) ACTS. THIS COURT IS NOW ADJOURNED.

The Music of the Spheres hums with a new tune, a new song, and breaking news from the Inner Spiral: The emergence of the Planet Earth and her placement in the New Council. The entity known as Mimi Syznic serves as Earth's Represenative, and Boffin Syznic as her Advocate. The University of Ur is still in a state of reaction and transition, primarily as a result of the mass defection of many former members of the Council to the ranks of the Great Ouroboros. Tensions are high, but the Great Ojo maintains a watchful peace. With the arrival of the planet Earth into the Great Council of Ur, a new era begins: Earth as the Prime Garden World of the Galaxy, and the future battleground where all matters will be settled.

Gidget's Sentence

So I wander about the plains in isolation. More and more souls arrive here every day, although they cannot see or hear me, including Boffin and Mimi Syznic. I accept my punishment without regret or bitterness. Sometimes at night I encounter Beta Bronski and her baby, usually dozing before a crackling campfire. I spend hours at a time with them, and hold them in my ethereal arms. Beta cannot see or hear me, of course, but the baby always smiles at me when I kiss him on the nose and his mother on her forehead. 
I have also seen Mr. Michael Chen the Grasshopper a few times as well, sometimes engaging in conversation with the brujo known as the Bone Man. On one occasion, I could have sworn that the brujo became aware of me for a fleeting moment, before he shrugged and moved on across the plain.
More often than not, I find myself sitting with Mr. Boffin Syznic and sense his dissatisfaction and uncertainty. I know that he is struggling to reach out and communicate with me, but he is frustrated at his inability to do so. The days and nights go by.

Another sunrise on the boundless plains of Tuva under the never-ending blue sky. This morning Boffin hums a tune as he sits in a patch of reeds by a brook and draws symbols and figures in the mud. Mathematical symbols. I am intrigued. Suddenly he chuckles out loud, and writes in the mud in large block letters:
GIDGET?
I hunker down next to him, and write my answer in the mud.
I AM HERE, BOFFIN.
Boffin claps his hands and whoops with joy.


If you enjoyed reading DeathCo, and want to learn more about Boffin Syznic and Jennifer Morgan, you may want to read
Third Eye Patch
and
Third Eye Patch Part 2 Flight of the Grasshopper
Both titles are available at Smashwords.com



DeathCo Notes and Memos

Secure YakSatCom link // betalog360 / sirius_sam 
Thanks for responding, sirius_sam! I have been so very busy and haven't had much time to touch bases with you or the others, but this is too important to keep to myself. I have met a fantastic new friend on the OuterNet. Yes, I have been 'Running with the Yak'! My friend's name is Gidget Brane, YES THAT Gidget Brane. Whether she is the real deal or not, is irrelevant to me at this stage in my life. A very close friend of mine passed away recently, and I sank into a deep depression. I didn't want to get out of the bed in the morning, and I began to skip my therapy sessions. Worst of all, I began to neglect the baby. 
One night I had a vivid dream about an invisible presence… a gentle and comforting presence. I can't really describe it any better than that, but that friendly presence soothed and calmed my stress and uneasiness. I woke up in the morning feeling renewed and refreshed and much better than I had felt for weeks! I decided that it was high time to climb up out of my hole. During that same time time period, strange pop-up messages began appearing on my YakMail account from a mysterious 'Gidget Brane'. The name didn't ring a bell, but one fine boring day I surrendered to my curiosity and opened one up, not knowing what to expect. That was it! My life has entered a new phase. Gidget and I now correspond with each other every day. I not only run with the yak, but thanks to Gidget, I troll the Universe every night. Such visions! Every morning I wake up refreshed and ready for the day, the baby, and even my therapy!
Now mind you, I still can't see Gidget herself, but I can read her communiques whenever I run with the yak. She (?) tells me that if I keep my mind clear and focused I can always find her any time I need her, right on the Yak. She really wants to meet some of my friends, so I thought of you first! Gidget's yak address is: 
othernet/runwiththeyak/gidgetbranedotyak. 
It doesn't always work every time, so keep trying, sirius_sam!

Dear G, re your description of the Fountains of Fire: Why do the most beautiful worlds lie directly in the path of the great black hole and are doomed to dis-corporate forever? I know, everything dies, but it still saddens me… as for your question concerning the Void, yes, I still dream about it occasionally, although I’m not afraid of it like I used to be. 

OtherNet // BetaBlog // betalog360 to outer_rim_jim7: if only you could see it, orj7! the answer to your question is no, the water planet has no visible core. b admits that he isn't quite up to snuff on his quantum physics these days, but suggests that an invisible (worm hole?) 'string spring' might explain the 'planet's constant source of heat, i.e. gravity. gidgetm1 also informs me that the planet has no polar axis rotation, and absolutely zero atmosphere or ozone layer… b speculates that maybe a magnetic field prevents the waters from evaporating out into space. not very scientific, is it? b also claims that einstein's theory of relativity is totally out of whack along the inner spiral arm of the milky way, especially when you approach the great black hole. although this particular system's sun, a white giant, is 300 million miles from the water planet, the magnetic 'membrane' somehow absorbs a disproportional amount of light, while it simultaneously traps the planet's heat and holds it at a stable temp, preventing the water from freezing along the outer rim.. nothing about it makes any sense, from our frame of reference. the planet is twice as large as our own jupiter, by the way. most intriguing of all are the glowing amoeba-like creatures that divide and come together again, and sometimes rise to the outer surface to surf and gaze out at the galaxy for short intervals—this is what I see, orj7, or what I am allowed to see. all of this is way too much for me to analyze, of course. —i must go—i hear the baby crying, and i need to go the bathroom! thanks for your input, outer_rim_jim7!

OtherNet // BetaBlog // betalog360: This just in from my new OuterNet friend, gidgetm1: Concerning the great Akvo Planedo, it was the Great Unblinking Ojo who filled the Great Emptiness (the Void) with light, gravity, dark matter, and all of the primary elements. Then the Ojo set loose the Ngyles (light bringers), who constructed the Akvo Planedo (water planet) using leftover hydrogen and oxygen. Last, but not least, Ojo established the Magna Crypta (b's magnetic field?) which kept the waters from spinning into space. Ojo proclaimed it good, and then took a powder and went fishing. gidgetm1 believes that all sentient awareness (souls?) originate from the Akvo Planedo, and eventually return—if found worthy, following 'the great sorting'. Is the Akvo Planedo the basis of the ancient mythological concept of Heaven? Nirvana? How about Valhalla? After many eons, rebellious Ngyles (the beings that we now call the Insectoids), busted a hole through the Magna Crypta (the fabric of time and space?) and set up hidden bases in the deepest reaches of the outer galaxy. Meanwhile, a contingent of Service Ngyles arrived in our solar system and constructed the Great Lotus as their dwelling, and waited patiently for the arrival of awareness on Terra, the third of Sol's children, which overflowed with life. When the Insectoids busted into the Solar System, lusting for Terra, the Great Battle was fought, resulting in the destruction of the Great Lotus, which in turn caused a wave of energy that smote the surface of Ares, splashing her seas into outer space. Some of the water collided with Terra and the resulting explosion created Luna, and busted the great continent of Pangaea into the floating molten plates that we see today. Only the flotsam and debris that drift between Ares and Jove are all that remain of the Great Lotus, the waterfalls lovingly constructed by the Ngyles to remind them of their ancestral world, the Akvo Planedo on the inner spiral arm. Most of the Insectoids were destroyed, and a good number of the Ngyles. The remaining Insectoids hid themselves on the dark side of Luna. In exasperation, Ojo laid down the Quarantine of the Worlds, established the University of Ur, the Council, and above all, the Covenant. In the beginning, the Council had not yet been corrupted, and they appointed the Nous to administer and guide the Great Awareness that was due to arise from the remnants of life that survived in Terra's seas and tide-pools. As Mandated by the Covenant, Ojo then returned to the sidelines. The Insectoids hid in their holes and waited, as the Ngyles tended the auroras and the northern lights, and sang sad songs about the Great Lotus, now lost in time. / —more later.

Liberalism, Fascism, and Sexism 
Professor Walpole Mantis, Syznic Lecture Hall, Berkeley CA 

We are here tonight to talk about Liberalism, or at least how it is defined today. It certainly has nothing to do with Classical Liberalism. Most of you so-called Liberals of today are either apparatchiks, crooks, zombies, or pot heads.
(boos)
Most folks around these parts can be safely classified as Liberals — with the exception of little old me of course, who cannot be classified or defined, except for the fact that I am merely brilliant and non-apologetic of the fact —
(boos)
Hear, hear! Looks like a full house tonight, as usual! The usual idiots. I am SO disliked that I pack the place every time! I know that many of you fine sensitive pacifists out there in the audience are just creaming for me to take a fall! Do you have your scalping blades ready so to attain everlasting glory? 
(applause) 
Well that isn't going to happen, my fine toothed peaceniks! (boos) I do want to thank you once again, my gentle morons, for making me the most popular UNPOPULAR educator in the Nation, for 20 years running! 
(scattered applause, mostly boos) 
By the way, I AM the highest PAID tenured Prof at this fine Institution of Advanced Babysitting, thanks to all of you Dead Heads! (boos) While we are at it, I want to give a shout-out to a colleague of mine, a fine chap known and loved by all, for his expertise and sensitivity in all things LIBERAL. Do you have any spies in the audience tonight, Cal? (laughter) Now wait, my esteemed colleague actually does have some very good ideas, mind you, but so did Issac Asimov! (boos) Both of us graduated from this moldy institution together, and decided then and there that there is no place like home, so we managed (from different sides) to worm our way onto the gravy train right here at Berkeley! What a gig — not to mention tenure!
(boos)
Is this microphone on? Anyway, am I being unfair by classifying my esteemed colleague as a LIBERAL? Liberal IS an embarrassing term these days, just like PROGRESSIVE. I would not want to be caught dead to be known as a Progressive. To quote a great American, Howard Stump, “Progressivism is Fascism with a smiley face.” 
(boos) Are there any Fascists here in the audience tonight? I know you're here, so stand up and take a bow! 
(boos, catcalls) 
How about you Feminazis? More than a few of you could pass for Eva Braun! —Lets hear it for all the fascist girls, who keep their boyfriends warm at night! —What was that, young lady?
(pause) 
I'm an offensive sexist pig? Well you tell me. What's so offensive about fascist girls keeping their fascist boyfriends warm at night? Should they be keeping them cold? Even fascists need love! No? Educate me, Eva.
(pause)
Well excuse ME, but the last time I checked, it still takes TWO sexist pigs to beget a pig—a pig just like you, my uptight biology-denying dysfunctional jackassette! That's right, two sexist pigs made YOU, one dark and stormy night. And if that's sexist, than so be it! Didn't your mommy tell you about the birds and the bees? Wait, it wasn't your daddy, was it?
(outrageous boos) 
Ouch! I can see that you haven't gotten over daddy yet, have you? 
(hostile boos)
My word, see how easy it is for me to get you all riled up? So sensitive, so tolerant, so open! Typical Fascist behavior! (boos) Not only are you Fascists thick and stupid, but you have absolutely NO sense of humor! So fragile, so fragile— 
(female heckler starts to bawl loudly)
See here—are you actually crying, young lady? No, no, no, none of that, wait—
(weeping continues)
Oh damn… hey you, ahem, don't cry, don't do that, no crying, stop that… oh Bog, please, please, come on up here, young lady. Please.
(Silence in the auditorium as the reluctant female heckler comes up onto the stage)
I am very sorry… please forgive me for my enthusiastic but temporary burst of ignorance. 
(Mantis lowers his voice, although it can still be heard loud and clear in the now silent auditorium.)
I profusely apologize for being a pompous and thoughtless asshole. Sometimes I forget myself and get carried up in the show… listen, why don't you and me sneak out of here and discuss this matter further, over a cup of coffee… I am very interested in learning more about feminism. —You will?
(complete silence in the auditorium, as the Professor takes the rather attractive girl's hands into his own.)
I want to—no, I need to thank you from the bottom of my heart for imparting unto me a much needed, and dare I say it, long overdue lesson in courtesy, respect, and humility.
(rousing applause and a standing ovation from everyone in the auditorium. Mantis turns, faces the audience, wipes his eyes, and raises his hand for silence.)
I do want to apologize to you all. I keep forgetting that my brilliance, while envious, is irrelevant in our day-to-day civil discourse. I do forget my place at times, and tend to take advantage and abuse my position of trust, ethics, and authority, by throwing my intellectual weight around at other people's expense! Tonight I have been very humbled and ashamed by this beautiful young person who has just taught me a valuable life-lesson I will never forget as long as I live.—Class dismissed!
(Another standing O as Professor Mantis and the attractive young woman step off the stage together and make their way toward the exit. As Mantis opens the door with his left hand, he places his right hand firmly on the girl's comely rump and gives it a squeeze. As the door closes behind them, the suckered audience erupts in outrage!)
SUCKERS!

What a pointless treadmill that we find ourselves on… sometimes it seems all so futile, you know? What IS there to live for? Is THIS it? Dentures, diapers, and a round of golf at Quiet Village? Is our primary purpose just to pass our DNA on to our offspring and then dutifully get out of the way and find a place to die in a civilized and sanitary manner? Is existence merely marking time on this mortal coil? Why are we here, and how should we conduct ourselves? Is there anything meaningful to live for and to fully participate in? Heavy questions to ponder at 3 o'clock in the morning.
Well, we do have choices, you know. There is a wide selection of established mainstream religions to choose from. How about the drug scene? Sexual conquest? The art of making more money than you can ever spend, let alone need. A career in Politics is always an option for the more ruthless Darwinian power freaks and resentful men and women with axes to grind, not to mention ugly frustrated actors! For the more timid and dimmer bulbs among us, there is always the Mongoose Cult… 
DeathCo is a necessary evil, we are told by the wise elves. Fascist jackboots may be out of fashion these days, but operating hi-tech killing machinery is definitely a step up from playing hardcore video games like BodyBag. DeathCo has always been a growth industry, ever since Clovis Man's flint arrowheads. Adolescent primate males are biologically hardwired to let off excess sexual steam, and a waste is a terrible thing to mind… the herd must be kept moving and be given things to do… and smash! Entertainment must be provided, even public orgies on the steps of the Capitol, if necessary… Harpy and zombie alerts must be issued in times of distress, and the herd must always be made to be afraid of the weather… when all else fails, outward projection against necessary enemies and bogeymen is required to keep the center from imploding. A healthy herd must be thinned periodically, but not to worry, the elites will always have a steady pool of candidates at their disposal, all trained and ready to succeed them, so to keep the machine well-oiled and running. 
—Professor Walpole Mantis

Wally Mantis was a brilliant man who thrived on strife and confrontration, but was incapable of outwardly expressing love. Many of his colleagues insist that he had no love whatsoever in him, but I beg to differ. I believe that each and every time he laid a lecture audience to waste, he was not only gleefully boasting of his obvious superiority (at least to himself), but he was actually pleading, almost desperately, passionately, urgently, shouting to the very rooftops: “Hey YOU! Please wake up! I – LOVE – YOU!”
—President Jennifer Morgan

The Meltdown of Stephan Trabajo
My Recollections of the Historic Avocado Corporation Party, August 23 1992, at Hesse’s Hofbrau, Cupertino CA
by Yogi Patmos

This was the occasion of the historic meltdown between Stefan Trabajo and Wookie Arundel, co-founders of the Avocado Computer Corporation. There had been longtime tension between the two. The Wookie had always been the hands-on guy, the engineer, the guy with the soldering iron and the schematic papers all over his workstation, along with half-eaten sandwiches and spilled coffee. It was in his treehouse that the first Avocado prototype had been built. 
Stefan Trabajo was the idea man, the visionary, the marketing genius. He didn’t know a capacitor from a pacifier, and Ohm’s law from Murphy’s law. OK, I exaggerate just a tad, so let’s just say he was a competent engineer and designer, and leave it at that.
I know it’s been a while, but does anybody remember TROIKA? Troika was Stefan Trabajo’s baby, and that was the cause of the split. Troika was Avocado’s visionary phone/app that would have beaten Monkberry to the marketplace—if it had worked. Stefan overreached, and pushed too far, and the technology was found wanting. It promised to do too much, and because of it’s small size and other design glitches, it didn’t do any one thing very well. It wasn’t shielded adequately and the chips overheated way too soon, among other things. The Wookie was dead set against it, and wanted to concentrate on the rapidly expanding touch-screen technology before the competition (such as Syznic Industries) got the jump on them, but Stefan wasn’t having any of that. He was in a race with Monkberry, to the death. Unfortunately, the first casualties in this death-match were 15 Avocado employees, publicly fired by Stefan at the now infamous Hofbrau 'massacre'. It was just an asshole thing to do, right in front of the gathered Avocado employees and their families. I was there. The Wookie was also there (of course) but he had a few beers in him by then, and was a little slow on the uptake. This is how it all went down, August 13, 1992, at Hesse's Hofbrau in Cupertino CA.

Stefan just loved the spotlight, and he paced about the stage, accompanied by a booming, synthesized rendition of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony. Some of the more 'enhanced' Avocado employees rapped their beer steins in time on the tabletops, and drunkenly sang along to 'Ode To Joy'. After Stefan made a swift motion to cut the music, he held up the prototype of the Troika app, until he had everybody’s attention. The 15 or so Troika engineers and designers were all sitting up front, smiling and actually unaware that Stefan was seconds away from publicly tearing them all new anuses.
The Wookie shook his head, and drank from his massive beer tankard. 
When all was quiet, Stefan glanced down at the poor doofuses at the front tables, as he addressed the gathering:
“TROIKA! Isn't this just an awesome looking contender? Freaking OUT-OF-SIGHT! Let's all hear it for the Avocado Troika!”
Everybody in the room cheered enthusiastically, as the Troika crew up front slapped five, and congratulated each other. After the applause petered out, Stefan peered down at the engineers.
“People keep on telling me that I am the big boss man of this here railroad, but you could have fooled me!”
The temperature in the beer hall literally dropped ten degrees. A few people coughed nervously.
“I do concede the point that I have been VERY busy lately, but that is no excuse for going over my head, even for reasons of demonstration and promotional purposes. Look, I hate to dampen the celebration, but we do have a problem here. This gadget—” 
Trabajo lifted up the glittering object for all to see. “This gizmo in my hand has the words AVOCADO TROIKA imprinted right on the front of it, signifying that this is in compliance with Avocado's strictest standards and has been approved to be regarded as such. No one told ME. Must have been a mix-up. Question: Which one of you bumpkins authorized putting the holy name of AVOCADO on this unfinished, unapproved application?”
After an uncomfortable silence, Kurt Edelstein, a longtime employee who had come up from HAL Systems, stood up.
“Was it you, Kurt? OK, I understand that you and the crew were only trying to surprise me, so we will let it go this time. No harm done, but don't ever do it again, OK? The Avocado name and logo are exclusive to only me and the Wookie ONLY, everybody. Is that too much to ask? Am I being too much of a control freak here? After all, I'm only the CEO and patent holder. I'm no better than anybody else around here. Should I just step down, and hand the reins over to you, Kurt?”
Stefan turned his gaze to the gathering. 
“I'm open to any suggestions, people! Maybe this company can run better, smoother, with somebody else at the helm. Shall I step down, folks?”
The place was nervously silent, except a few brown-noses, who called out: “Oh no, Stefan!” “You're the MAN!” “Don't go, Stefan!”
I was sitting with the Wookie, about halfway back from the stage, across from the restaurant’s beer bar. Both Wookie and I were dark beer aficionados in those days.
“Pathetic,” I murmured to Arundel, who didn't respond. Meanwhile, Stefan, basking in the spotlight, was just getting warmed up.
“THE TROIKA! Tell me Kurt, just what does this thing do, this thingy with the Avocado name on it. You tell me, what sets this gadget apart and above all other contenders? You tell me why I, the fickle consumer, would want to part with my hard-earned cash and choose the fantastic Troika, instead of the cheaper Monkberry! This is why we are all here, Kurt.”
Edelstein nervously cleared his throat.
“Mr. Trabajo, Troika is indeed a phone, but much, much, more than just an everyday phone… it is also a companion, a friend, a buddy. With this app you can access photos, music, videos, send text messages—”
“Hold it right there, Kurt. What did you just call me, right now?”
“Excuse me, Mr. Trabajo?”
“You just did it again. Unbelievable. What did I tell you… what have I told all of you, on more than one occasion, about last names?”
“Um, oh, I'm sorry, Stefan!”
“That’s right, my name is Stefan. STEFAN. All of us are on a first name basis here at the Avocado Corporation, like one big family. Now I just asked you a question: What does this little piece of shit do, and why would I want to buy it—NEED to buy it, Kurt?”
Edelstein looked genuinely puzzled. “Like I said, it’s a phone that doubles as a texting and music video player—”
“You just said something about a friend, a buddy. Just who the hell do you think you are, saying something like that to my face?”
“Sir?”
”What did you just call me? SIR? What did I just SAY to you, KURT?”
Edelstein stood like a deer caught in the headlights. Everybody in the gathered assembly was uncomfortably silent as the Wookie rose from his seat, belched, and made his way up to the front. “What are you doing, Stefan?”
“I can handle this, Arundel. This idiot, and the rest of these idiots up here, have insulted, not only me—and you—but the entire Avocado family with this piece of shit—that’s right, KURT, this piece of shit! And you have the audacity to actually call this piece of shit with the Avocado name and logo on it a BUDDY, right in my fucking FACE?”
“Take it easy, Stefan.”
”Go have another pitcher of beer, Wookie. —What’s my name, KURT?”
Edelstein looked at Wookie Arundel, totally dumbstruck. Stefan snapped his fingers loudly; everyone in the place heard them quite clearly.
“Hey Kurt, you big dummy, I'm talking to YOU. You look at ME.”
Edelstein turned his head, and Stefan flung the Troika against the cinder-block wall where it shattered into many pieces. He then calmly walked along the edge of the stage and fired the entire Troika crew, one at a time.
“Stay where you are, Edelstein,” said the Wookie, placing his hand on the distraught engineer's shoulder. “Everybody, all of you, please return to your seats.”
“Don’t interfere, Arundel,” said Stefan, finally losing his cool. His voice rose in pitch and volume. “I know what I am doing.”
“Shut up, Stefan.”
Stefan ignored the Wookie and glared down at Edelstein. “Are you still HERE? I SAID you are fired, EdelSTINE. All of you! Get the fuck out of my space, you stupid Nimrod.”
“Nobody is fired,” said the Wookie, coming up on the stage. Stefan's face clouded over and he stupidly lunged at the Wookie, which was a laugh and a half. Arundel tossed Stefan right on his ass.
“NOBODY is fired,” he repeated, but Edelstein and a few of the others had enough, and walked out the place. Stefan lay on his back, and pressed down hard against his ribs.
“Hey KUUURT,” he shrieked up at the ceiling, “why don't you go on back to HAL, you fucking throwback, you anal dimbat—”
That’s when the Wookie poured a whole pitcher of beer on Stefan, and walked out himself. A lot of Avocado employees just didn't know what to do, as Stefan lay on his back and moaned and coughed harshly. None of the nearly 200 scared and freaked-out employees even dared make a sound, and sat nervously for a number of minutes. I myself sat in the bar and watched the whole, surreal scene.
When Stefan began to snore, a mind-present busboy covered him with a tablecloth, and then the spooked-out Avocado employees made a beeline for the exits, although they all were quiet and orderly. 

Stefan Trabajo and Wookie Arundel dissolved their longtime partnership, and the Wookie took a payout of 1.5 billion dollars. I myself left the firm, and moved on to MacroEye. Two weeks after the Hofbrau blowout, Stefan assembled a new team to redesign the Troika. Even though the Troika flopped, Avocado went on to bigger and better things. Stefan Trabajo was worth 17 billion dollars when he was ousted in a coup by the shareholders in 1997, but regained control of the corporation 5 years later. He died of cancer in 2009.

The Dark Underbelly of the Wellness Movement 
by Mike Chen

Yes, there is a dark side to the so-called 'Wellness Movement'. Whenever a dollar pops its head up, the vultures and vampires always move in and make themselves right at home. I have firsthand experience.
In about 1999, I believe (I remember it was about the time of the K2 Millennium Scare), a certain thug from Scotland brawled his way up to the top of the ladder of the Luciferian Movement. His name: Benjamin Grimm Wilde. He came up from the Edinburg underworld, and found a new occupation when he caught the attention of the Luciferian Ascended Master, 'The Lord of Light'. He became the Lord's right hand man, and capo. Grimm worked hard and learned fast, and in 2003, defeated the Lord for Mastery, and seized control of the 'Movement'. He consolidated the Luciferians with the London Underworld (after a long drawn-out conflict with Sir William Gallows, who finally came to the peace table.) The Luciferians then defeated their Satanist rivals at the pitched battle of Southend Sea, in 2005. Grimm was now Master of Organized Crime, in the UK. 
After consolidating his control over the Ecstasy Scene, and the 'high-end escort' service industry in the UK, he next set his sights on the UK Wellness Movement, and then moved on to Europe, and the USA. Why, may you ask? Well, to quote John Dillinger: “That's where the money is.” (Estimated over $300 billion worldwide, 2013, according to euromonitor.com) Grimm now controls a large chunk of the New Age Lecture and Retreat Circuit in the USA, and is known as 'The Bill Graham of the Wellness Movement'. Poor old Bill should be spinning in his grave.
I always considered myself a standup comedian. I always left my audiences laughing, which is why they paid to come and see me. It was a good deal, all around, until Grimm got wind of me. Everybody knew who he was, and where he came from, but most did not dare to speak his name aloud, for fear of a curse! Except for me, of course. None of the sacred cows were safe from my barbs and jabs. I always assumed that I was immune, being the jester. But in 2009, I discovered otherwise.
The word got out that I was not to be booked, and invitations began to dry up. One promoter, Kali Skyhawk, of Star Gem Inspirational Seminars, said 'Nuts!' and booked me for an appearance on Dec 12, 2009, in Seattle. On Dec 13, Kali was hospitalized with two broken legs. No charges were filed, because Kali claimed to have fallen down a flight of stairs. Ben Grimm had spoken, and nobody from the Wellness Business dared to book me after that. I found alternative venues, such as comic book and fantasy conventions, for my livelihood.
UPDATE: When Dennis Lasher assumed the office of the President, more than a dozen of Grimm's 'associates' in the USA were indicted on racketeering charges, and are presently awaiting trial.

God of Energy (out-take)

The God of Energy speaks! “Peace be with you!”
“Peace be with you, too!” echo the young Mongoose energy conductors standing behind Adam Kane. “Tell us your name!” 
The conga drummers begin their jungle rhythm, and Adam Kane begins to do the twist. “Hit me Lord! Hit me right between the eyes with LOVE, baby, and a little bit of sustainable ENERGY!”
(Enthusiastic applause from everybody in the chamber.)
Mr. Lee: “I am the Keeper, the Creator, the Maintainer, the Discerner, and the Most Beneficent Spirit!”
(The Mongoose go-go dancers begin to shimmy and frug along the front of the stage.)
“My name is the Bestower of Health, the Priest, the Lord, the All-knowing, the Holy, the Glorious, the Farseeing, the Protector, the Well-wisher, the Creator, the Producer of Prosperity, the King who rules at My Will!” 
“Oom rah, Soul Man!”
“I do not deceive; and cannot be deceived! I destroy malice; I conquer everything; I have shaped everything; I am the Beneficent One; the Energetic One; the Holiest; the Greatest; the Best of Sovereigns; the Wisest of the Wise Elves.” 
“Tell us more, Oh Lord of Light, baby!”
“Why soitenly, Adam! I know when you are sleeping; I know when you're awake! I know when you've been bad or good—”
“So be good for goodness sake!”
(Standing ovation, whoops and cheers! The go-go dancers remove their tops, and the place goes bonkers!”)
“I am the Light and the Source of Light!” (cherry bomb goes off: BOOM!)
 “I am the Wisdom and Intellect.” (BOOM!) “I possess all good things, spiritual and worldly, such as good mind (BOOM!) immortality (BOOM!) health (BOOM!) the best truth (BOOM!) devotion and piety (BOOM!) and abundance of every earthly good!” (BOOM-BOOM!) “All these gifts I grant to the righteous man who is upright in thoughts, words, and deeds.” (BOOM!) “As the ruler of the whole universe, I not only reward the good, but punish the wicked.” (BOOM-BOOM-BOOM!)


The Prince and the Sea

BREAKING NEWS FROM THE BBC: PRINCE OF WALES SPOTTED!
The exiled Prince of Wales' yacht H.M.S. Battersea, has been spotted near the UK island of Jersey, located in the Channel just off the coast of France, spurning hundreds of thrill seekers from both the UK and France to take to the seas in various crafts of all sizes and types, to take potshots at the disgraced first-in-line to the Throne. Private aircraft have been reported to have dropped garbage and Molotov cocktails on the Prince's yacht, which is rumored to be low on fuel, and running solely on sail power. Several witnesses claim that one of the airplanes was shot down, although this report has not yet been confirmed. One speedboat reportedly got within bow and arrow range and shot off numerous flaming arrows, resulting in the burning of one sail. Unsuccessful in obtaining needed fuel on the island of Jersey, the Prince's craft has moved back out into international waters, and is sailing under its own power in the direction of Ireland. 

Barclay Winzer, the Prince of Wales (POW) and Associated Luciferian Master, was also a crackerjack sailor, jet pilot, kung fu master, harpsichordist, hot-air balloon racer, friend of the Earth, and bullying pervert. Without question, the last two weeks had established and proven his mastery of seamanship. 
POW handled the sextant as the last two of his top, trusted servants worked the sails and rudder. The crew was now down to three, plus the Prince. They had started out with seven, but the booze and food ran out sooner than expected, and harsh decisions had to be made. Being useless eaters and only in the way, the Prince's chief of staff, his groom and his publicist were thrown overboard, three miles off the coast of Normandy. In hindsight, they should have been stowed away in the freezer. A servant was currently locked up in the hold, pending possible sautéing (Molly the plump chambermaid, who had the IQ of a turnip), so there was no immediate concerns about starvation, although Finchley (POW's late chauffeur) had been a bit stringy, and nothing to write home about!
“How are we doing on ammunition?” POW called out to Austin-Martin, his chief valet, working the jib head-sail.
“Fifty rounds for the big gun, Sir.” 
That would be the 20 millimeter water-cooled cannon on the starboard bow.
“Damn,” muttered POW. “I knew we wasted too much ammunition on that plane!”
“We did shoot it down, Sire,”
“A hollow victory, I daresay, now that we are almost out of ammunition! How did we get ourselves into this pickle, Austin?”
Austin-Martin wisely didn't respond to that. 
We? It wasn't ME that tried to poison the Queen Mum, your Lordship!
POW glared at Austin-Martin with pompous annoyance. 
“Oh, I know what you are thinking—what everybody is thinking—but let me tell you something, and don't you forget it—Mummy and my bloody sons set me up with those Irish environmentalists! This caper has Mummy's fingerprints all over it, along with that little half-breed, the so-called Bonny Black Prince, who doesn't even look like me! There is even a nasty rumor going around that Mummy herself is sheltering him somewhere in the Palace! Now don't give me that look, Austin-Martin! That old woman is more evil, disloyal, and devious than anybody can ever imagine—take it from someone who knows from firsthand experience! My mother is a bloodless monster who has only ice water in her veins. She is determined and dead-set against me succeeding her and rightfully ascending the Throne…”
POW's voice trailed off, as he adjusted the sextant. “Three degrees northwest, ah, there's a good man!”
“Destination, Sir?”
“20 miles SW of Kinsale Harbor—Mick's Head. There is a long soft strand of beach where we can safely scuttle ourselves by the light of the moon—I do have a few allies in that dreadful country who can keep us under ice, until things settle down.”
“Shouldn't we burn the boat sir,” said Stratford Avon, the Prince's porter who was working the patched up mainsail and rudder, “considering the incriminating evidence, down below? The Irish authorities—”
“Authorities? What authorities? Sweet Satan, we are talking about the bloody IRISH, you blooming idiot!”
“I am Irish myself on my mother's side, Highness.”
Incredulous, POW pulled out his pistol and shot the doofus in the head.
“Meat is back on the menu for tonight,” said the Prince.
Austin-Martin shook his head, and sighed with relief. “Does that mean that Molly is off the hook, sir?”
“Well, besides being the only female on board, Molly is still our best cook, and we do need her to peel the last of the potatoes.” 
Austin-Martin laid Stratford Avon's corpse out on the deck, and began to remove the poor fellow's clothing in strips with a fish knife.
“Sir, Stratford here unquestionably looks a bit more chubby than poor old Finchley, and definitely better seasoned.”
POW slapped his thigh, and laughed heartily. 

The Prince's luck held out, and two nights later they lay anchor, undetected within sight of the Irish coast. It was time to clean up the galley, and dispose of the crew's bones, clothing, and personal effects. Austin-Martin and Molly worked quickly and efficiently, as the Prince kept watch, topside.
“Do hurry, now,” he barked down at them, because after all, they still were his servants. “Make haste, before the Hounds of Hades are upon us!”
“The Prince has always hated the Irish,” whispered Austin to Molly, as he zipped up his trousers.
“Who DOES he like?” pouted Molly, as she smoothed down the skirt of her maid's uniform. 
“Well, he does love his horses.”
The Prince rapped on the deck above their heads. 
“All hands topside, immediately. We have been detected!”
“Oh damn,” muttered Austin-Martin, as he gave Molly one last squeeze, before opening up the hatch and scrambling up topside.
“That goes for you too, Molly! To your battle stations!” bellowed the Prince.
The Nazgul Drone reflected the silvery moonlight, as it swooped and circled the yacht momentarily, and then doubled back in the direction of the coast. Austin swung the cannon around, and aimed the laser-sight, and let loose a dozen 20 millimeter slugs and tracers which illuminated the night sky. Incredibly, a number of slugs stitched the aircraft, which sputtered, wobbled, and crashed into the sea, as the POW and Molly cheered.
“Make haste!” cried the Prince. “They know our location, and they will set unto us, by the numbers!”

In the hours before dawn, the word spread throughout Kinsale and the southern Irish coast. The pubs opened early, and the city and harbor took on a festive air. Amid all the drinking and bravado, rules were established and agreed upon: The helicopters were not to engage in attack, but to provide illumination only, for reasons of safety and general fair play. The crew of the boat that sank the Prince's vessel would be awarded free beer privileges from all the pubs for one year, plus freebies from the local hookers. More than two dozen yachts, pleasure craft, and speedboats headed out to sea, guided by two helicopters lent by the local police department. One of the yachts was manned by the Bishop of Kinsale, and a ruddy crew of eager priests. Another craft included the chief of the local Garda, and the mayor of Kinsale. The ale flowed like water. The chase was on!

The Prince's luck ran out, only one mile from landfall. The onshore southerly winds died down to nothing, and with the light of dawn on the eastern horizon, one of the helicopters caught sight of the Battersea, and directed the spotlight down upon the drifting yacht. 
“Blast the luck,” muttered the Prince. “Here they come, the bloody hooligans, damn their eyes!”
The nearest boat closed in fast, with at least a dozen more in its wake. The lead boat seemed to be some sort of paddle boat, with maybe ten drunken fools pedaling hard on stationary bicycle contraptions that were hooked up to the large paddle wheel, much like a riverboat. Wonders never cease, thought the Prince. 
“How in blazes did these bumpkins get out here ahead of those speedboats?” 
The bow of the ridiculous craft was shielded by large plates of steel, hastily welded together at the Kinsale boat-works. A drunken buffoon pounded a Lambeg drum in time for the paddlers. POW shook his head in disgust. 
“Cooking oil to the port side,” he bellowed to Austin-Martin and Molly. “Look sharp and lively!”
Molly lit the Molotov cocktails, and Austin tossed them. The second one scored a direct hit behind the shield, and screams could be heard. The burning craft veered off course, as frantic shrieking Irishmen jumped overboard to douse their burning hair and clothing. The guy pounding the Lambeg, stumbled in panic over the burning drum, trapping his foot in the blasted thing. Cursing, he tumbled over, only to strike his head hard on the gunwale as he attempted to dive over the side. The pilot-less boat drifted right past the Battersea's bow with inches to spare, as Molly pushed a few of the desperate swimmers away with a long pole.
“Hark!” yelled Austin-Martin, “Off the stern! Grab a hold, Prince!”
Two speedboats approached rapidly from the rear, bouncing up and down on the choppy waters. The lead boat was mounted with a harpoon cannon, rather haphazardly rigged to the forward bow. A grinning mick pulled down a bar, similar to a slot machine handle, and let loose a harpoon attached to a cable, which sailed through the air, and ran poor old Austin-Martin right through his mid-section.
“It has truly been an honor to serve you, Your Highness…” mumbled Austin-Martin, as he bravely attempted to keep his slippery innards from plopping out onto the deck. “Oh, fugg it all…”
“Oh blast,” muttered the Prince, “what will I tell his mother?”
As the Irishmen in the speedboat began to haul in the harpoon, with Austin's jerking body still attached to it, the Prince pulled out his pistol and slapped in his last nine-shot clip. Ignoring the jeering and hooting Irishmen, he raised his pistol, and from a distance of twenty-five feet, took aim at the speedboat’s motor. He calmly squeezed off shot after shot, until the fifth bullet scored, and the exploding gas tank tossed the Irishmen, speedboat, harpoon, and poor old Austin-Martin high up into the air. Everything and everyone came back down, and some of the burning flotsam peppered the nearest speedboat that had recklessly drifted too close, and that boat's motor ignited likewise, causing the second boat to explode as well. Bodies and pieces of the boats flew in all directions, and some poor bloke's bloody head bounced off the Battersea's deck, and rolled onward over the gunwale and into the water.
“Serves those bloody monkeys right,” crowed the Prince, “Hail Britannia!”
“Oh no,” cried Molly, “look to the skies, your Highness!”
“My Bleeding Bog—HARPIES!”
Three hang-gliders approached from the shore side, swooping in fast. One of them let loose a flaming arrow from a crossbow, but fortunately missed the Battersea's main sail. Another harpy sailed directly overhead as the Prince carefully fired his last bullet, shattering the screeching woman's kneecap! Unfortunately a sizzling stick of dynamite bounced across the deck, just out of Molly's reach. Damn the bloody luck! POW and Molly threw themselves overboard, only seconds before the Battersea was rammed by the Bishop of Kinsale's pleasure craft! Both boats exploded, and that was all for the HMS Battersea.
Molly and the Prince found themselves swimming with the Bishop of Kinsale. A number of priests were swimming around, here and there, as the two yachts burned merrily on the choppy seas. The red line of dawn could be seen in the east.
“Bully for you, Prince,” hollered the Bishop, “you put up a sporting good fight. I am so sorry about your boat, let alone my own!”
“Who the hell are you, my good sir?” 
“Padraic McGuinness, Bishop of Kinsale. If we don't drown out here, I promise that I will say a mass for your poor man back there on the stern. My countrymen can be so crude and ignorant! 'They know not what they do'… You really can't blame them, you must admit! 500 years of brutal oppression and exploitation can do that to a population…”
“You,” gasped POW between mouthfuls of salt water, “are a potato gobbling mackerel-snapping arse-hole. You Irish are nothing more than a pack of mongrels bringing down a noble stag. You sleep with your swine, and bugger your little boys. All of your arses are buttered by the Pope, and your women are all cheap whores, especially the nuns. You have no style, class, manners, or taste, whether in food, booze, horses—or cooze, for that matter. The most tragic thing about the Potato Famine is that it didn't quite finish off your ugly, nasty, inbred, ever-breeding race! You—”
Molly swam up from behind, and whacked the Prince over the head with a piece of flotsam.  “That's enough from you.” Leaving behind the floundering Prince, she paddled her way over to the astonished Bishop. “Should have done it a long time ago—” 
Molly paused as a wave rolled over her head. ”—such a horrible monster. I've never forgotten my roots, and who I am. —I need to confess.”
The Bishop spit out a mouthful of seawater, and nodded. 
“Proceed, my child.”
Molly McGuire bowed her head as best as she could manage in the choppy water.
“Bless me Father, for I have sinned. My last confession was…”
The sun rose over the Irish sea.

BBC NEWSWIRE: PRINCE OF WALES, 22 OTHERS, PERISH IN PITCHED BATTLE 1 MILE OFF THE IRISH COAST… IRISH BISHOP AMONG THE DEAD… WITNESSES REPORT EXPLOSIONS…MULTIPLE BOATS SUNK…STAY TUNED FOR FURTHER DEVELOPEMENTS


Anatomy of a Harpy (2)

1992
The NASTY Family Picnic was held at Dellingsworth Hogmoth's vacation estate outside Indian Head, on a bluff high above the Chesapeake. Senator Wilbur Prescott and his wife Prudence, accompanied by their daughter Priscilla and her husband, Deputy Director of the CIA Maynard Walker (MW) Piltdown, arrived by helicopter. Congressman Phillip Hammer of Nevada drove himself over from DC, along with his wife Blanchette, and his oldest daughter Nicole.
40 or so NASTY staffers, along with assorted spooks and their families attended the homey barbecue, celebrating Del's promotion as new Director of NASTY, and the announcement of his expanded budget, thanks to recent legislation rammed through the Senate by Senator Prescott. In honor of Del's promotion, a special patio and observation point had been constructed, completely assembled from actual pieces of the Berlin Wall, all in tribute to Del's superb efforts, sacrifices, and stellar achievements in ending the Cold War.
“Honor is due, Dellingsworth,” said MW, who handed Del a wrapped package. “Gather 'round, everybody!” 
The happy throng gathered round, as Del tore open the wrapping paper. Everybody gasped, and then broke into applause as he held up a solid gold statue of an owl.
“Speech, speech!”
Senator Prescott stepped forward. “Hold it, Hogsmoth! Hush, everybody! I have a special message, from the President!”
Everybody oohed and awed as the Senator pulled out a sheet of paper, embossed with the Presidential Seal.
“Hoom-rah, oom-rah, Orobouros! Heartfelt congratulations from a fellow member of Skull and Bones! This is a special day, and in honor of the occasion of your well-deserved (and long over-due) promotion, I have issued a special Executive Order, authorizing me, the President of the United States, to bestow onto Dellingsworth Hogsmoth III, the worthy and honorable title of GOG, and custodianship of—”
The gathered spooks held their collective breath. The Senator continued:
“The SACRED GROVE, in Rio Nido, California!”

14 year-old Nicole Hammer slipped away from the festivities, and wandered alone along the windswept cliffs. She didn't even want to come on this excursion, but Mama was insistent. Nicole hated the entire stinking DC scene, and just wanted to go back to the desert. The desert would always be her home. Already showing signs of rebellion, Nicole utterly despised her father and his associates, and everything they represented. Daddy was a corrupt businessman and a liar, and now was moving his way up the evil ladder of Power. Daddy had destroyed good and honest people to get elected, and Mama had looked the other way. Daddy had bragged in his campaign commercials that he was a staunch environmentalist, but said nothing about his shares in PowerCo, and the United Oil Emirates. Daddy and Mama were in fact, greedy fat-assed hypocrites, and defilers of the Earth. Nicole wished that she could set Washington DC (including Daddy) to burn. Being extremely intelligent and cagey, she was always sweetness and light with the perverted shrink that she had to see on a weekly basis. Unbeknownst to her clueless parents, she was already balling him, like no big deal. Why the hell not? Daddy himself had broken her in, when she was only 13. Nicole was (mostly) sure that Mama was in the dark, being dumber than a sack of hammers. Daddy had been so drunk, and nowadays acted like 'the incident' had never even happened. It was possible that he DIDN'T remember that night in question, when Mama was away on an overnight. Daddy always avoided her these days and never looked her in the eye. Extreme hardcore denial? Well, anything was possible, but that didn't change things.
Nicole constantly reminded herself that she had only four more years to go until she was legally free, and she patiently laid out her plans. She already had chosen the name that she would be known as, for evermore: Damien Darkstar.
As the sun set over the Maryland shore, Nicole found herself walking with Gog.
“Come with me into the woods, my dear,” he said, and led her into the trees. No one saw them. “Sit with me, and tell me your dreams.”
Nicole felt no fear.
Twenty minutes later, Gog arose. “I must get back. Never stop dreaming, young lady. Maybe I can assist you when the time comes for you to leave your father. Maybe even before, if you play your cards right. Do be patient, because waiting IS.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Chin up, Nicole. Your father IS a royal block-head, but let me tell you this: He WILL be the President, after he serves his time as Congressman, and a stint as Governor of your fair State. It has been ordained by the Master. I must go.”

The four Illuminati held a private palaver, as the rest of the gathered guests were led around to the other side of the estate to hear a special recital by Mrs. Prescott on the harp. Nicole thought that she was just horrible, just running her hands aimlessly at random over the strings, but most of the rather looped adults (including Mrs. Hammer) applauded enthusiastically after each number.
Meanwhile, back at the patio, Gog served Czechoslovakian pilsner lager and weinersnitzels. Phil Hammer raised his mug of frothy beer. “To the man who brought the Ruskies to her knees!”
“It wasn't me!” said Gog, “That honor goes to Ringo Starr!”
Everybody laughed, but Gog held his hand up for silence. “In all honesty, I'm not kidding you at all! Honor is due because it WAS Ringo (although we will never admit it publicly) because he showed the bastards that even a little geek with a big snozolla can beat the jackboots, score with the chicks, and make a fortune! All jokes aside, although we did outspend the bastards, it was only a matter of time before our imported sex, drugs, rock and roll, and superior technology would win in the end with the youth behind the Iron Curtain. All I did was help supervise the fall.”
“We DO have a little business to conduct here,” said MW.
“Correct!” replied the Gog, who turned and faced Phil Hammer. “It has been decided that if we stay the course and YOU don't screw the pooch, you WILL, ahem, be selected as President of the United States. Are you up for it?”
Hammer was speechless, as Gog continued. “There IS a slot available and up for grabs, if you don't mess up somewhere down the line, or unforeseen events derail our program. We, meaning Senator Prescott, Mr. Piltdown, myself, and our allies will work tirelessly behind the scenes on your behalf. My computers and profilers tell me that you have the look, the style, and the mojo to carry the day. I guarantee that your opponent will be older, shorter, and be completely befuddled when you meet for your debates! This is an old game, Hammer. This is what WE are paid to do. As of this day forward, I suggest that you spend a little more time in your State, and start preparing for your run for Governor.”
“Don't worry about missing any votes while Congress is in session, Hammer,” said Prescott. “Stay off the National Stage for the time-being. Solidify your base in Nevada, and start spreading the money around. Stay out of trouble.”
“I am honored,” said Hammer, “truly! I don't know what to say—”
“Don't!” said MW, “That's the secret! Don't talk, just DO. Make sure that you play ball with the Indian Tribes, etc. Support the endangered desert rats, whatever.”
Everybody laughed as Gog slapped palms with MW, who continued.
“One photo-op with say, wild stallions, um, palominos, is worth hundreds of thousands in campaign cash.”
“Always prominently feature women and negroes behind you when you speak before the cameras, son,” added Senator Prescott.
“We are counting on you, Phil,” said Gog, suddenly remembering his little chat with Nicole. “Are you sure you don't have any skeletons in your closet? This is important, now. Do you have any issues, or um, family problems to disclose?”
Hammer cleared his throat uncomfortably. “My oldest daughter is a little wild, and is in therapy.”
Gog's earnest face brightened. “We at NASTY have a special summer camp for teens in Roanoke. I am seriously thinking of opening up a similar one on the West Coast, maybe even at the Grove itself, for gifted, but troubled students. Why don't you and the Missus bring the child out to California, as soon as I set up shop.”
Hammer felt a sudden lurch in his gut, but he saw the wisdom in the suggestion. Nicole was going to be nothing but trouble in his upcoming race for Governor, he was sure of it.
“Thank you, Gog. I will consult with my wife.”
“Anything to help,” replied the Gog, who now knew that Hammer was willing to toss his own flesh and blood under the bus, if necessary, for his political advancement. So be it: Nicole was to be his, and in exchange, Phillip Hammer would be 'elected' President, if he could keep his nose clean for the next 12 years.
Senator Prescott changed the subject. “Another pressing topic on our agenda is this new group of high-tech corporations that have come together in a loose confederation, known as ComCo, or the 'Consortium'.”
“Now THAT will be my first order of concern, as soon as I set up operations in California.”

1992 – 1996
Nicole Hammer spent the next four summers at Gog's NASTY Summer Camp West for Gifted (But Troubled) Teens, at the newly dedicated Argus Prescott Meadow (former Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and Senator Prescott's daddy), in the Sacred Grove, nestled along the scenic Russian River, just outside of Rio Nido, California. Nicole was also accepted into the exclusive Rand Girls Academy in Santa Rosa, California. Miss Hammer's grades were good, and she kept her nose clean, staying out of trouble during the school years. She spent her spring and Christmas breaks with her family in DC and Nevada, and her summers at the Sacred Grove. Meanwhile, Phillip Hammer was reelected to Congress in 1994, and prepared in earnest for his run for Governor of Nevada in 1996. Mrs. Hammer appeared on the covers of several womens' magazines, and the entire family (on water skis) graced the cover of People Magazine, in July, 1996. (Nicole's face was purposely blurred with water-spray in the photo, thanks to the magic of photoshop.)

August 10, 1996
Tragedy struck the Hammer family when 17 year-old Nicole was killed in a hang-gliding accident, high above the Hanging Man Festival at Black Rock Desert, when she flew directly into the propellers of a turbo-prob aircraft. Most of her body was shredded beyond recognition. The voters of Nevada were shocked and saddened, enough so that Phillip Hammer easily crushed his opponent in the election, three months later.

December 1, 1996
The long black limousine pulled up in a cloud of dust in front of the run-down adobe walls of St. Barbara of the Bombardiers Convent, fifty miles northwest of Las Vegas. Gog decided to take a little time off from his activities at the Grove, so he could personally escort 18 year-old Damien Darkstar to her new home and base. Now that Damien was of legal age, Gog had no further interest in her sexually, and felt that the time was right to let her make her way into the world. The Great One wiped his tears with a handkerchief, although Damien's eyes were dry.
“I guess this is farewell, my child. Do stay out of trouble now, and learn from the sisters! Mother Faustina is an expert in explosives; one of the best. Sister Druisilla will continue your training in electronics and computer programming. Do not worry about your father, dear. He will not look this way, indeed his sights are already set on the White House.”
“I am going to kill him, one fine day.”
“Now, now, don't say that! I know that you are just joshing, but please let things play out! Your father is a necessary player in the Master's Plan. At least promise me that you will hold off until he is out of office! Remember our lessons, dear. Waiting IS.”
“Yes sir,” said Damien, rather dubiously.
“You have much to do, and I am counting on you.”




KA

Dec. 5, 2014 Select Feature Judgment, submitted by KD, Ashland OR. 
Vetted and approved by 'Betelgeuse.' KA Executive Judgment/Punishment Overseer, Sector USA Northwest.

The ruined US Capitol Building rises above an alkali plain littered with human skulls and garbage. Betelgeuse surveys the wasteland in sadness, as he holds his horn in his hands. The woman named Aea sits nearby on a boulder. Her sleeveless smock is blood red and her coiled hair is gold, streaked with silver. Her arms and legs are tanned and toned, and display faded silvery tattoos of lightning bolts. The fire goddess Aea.
“Play me some blues, demon,” she says to Betelgeuse, who dutifully complies. Aea is about as high up as you can get around here, excepting the Nous, and the Great Ojo, of course. Betelgeuse is just a worker bee, here in the Universe of KA.
Aea reviews her scroll and sighs. The idiots actually did it, without any help from the Ouroboros and the Insectoids. The crazy fools pulled the entire shithouse down, all on their own. Aea rises, and lifts her arms outward to summon the lightning.
“Bring them out.”
Two hooded and shackled men are led out of the ruins by demons wearing black judge's robes and white powdered wigs. 
“Whatever,” murmurs Betelgeuse.
“Hush,” says Aea, and Betelgeuse cools it with the commentary. This is Aea's gig. Aea puts her hands on her hips, and looks at the two men with utter disgust.
“Remove their hoods, but leave them gagged, please. I don't want to hear even one word from their lying mouths.”
The demons roughly yank the hoods from the heads of President Cowboy and President Rainbow, who shiver like Chihuahua dogs as they gaze at Aea in hardcore fear.
“Congratulations, scumbags! Look thee upon thy works! Oh, I know it wasn't only you two, not by a long shot. But as one of your predecessors, another royal asshole, once said: 'The buck stops here'. And so here we are. Your corrupt lust for power pounded the last two coffin nails into this once 'Last Best Hope for Humankind.' Both of you are the public faces and engineers of the final destruction of the Constitution of the United States of America. Take a bow, before the Great Ojo lays judgment on you.”
Demons bitch-slap the two Presidents into bowing low. “Be respectful to the Judge,” they hiss at the two cowering men. 
“Let's start with you, President Cowboy,” continues Aea. “You just HAD to prove something to your daddy, didn't you? Oh to continue and finish his great work, save the world and finalize the New Weird Order while you were at it—all on behalf of your Masters in DeathCo. Your wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were already in the planning stages, even before 911. Don't deny it, Cowboy.”
The cowboy shakes his head in denial, as Aea peers at the scroll.
“Full steam ahead! And under the cover of the drums of war, the pigs on Wall Street looted the savings and holdings of the American middle class—and yet nobody was indicted by your so-called Justice Department, except for a few fools like Ken Lay and that wretched Madoff fellow. The hopes and dreams of millions of regular people went up in flames on your watch, but at least you locked up that nasty Martha Stewart and got her off the streets, didn't you! To show that you really meant business, you shredded the Bill of Rights and approved the wide-scale surveillance of the American People, and the illegal detention and torture of suspected terrorists, guilty, or not. Good job, Cowboy!”
Aea turns to glare at President Rainbow. “You aren't off the hook, big shot! I'm saving you for last.” Aea turns her attention back to President Cowboy. “One of your biggest blunders was to launch a couple of wars with no contingency plans or endgame scenarios. Did you automatically assume that your successor to the throne would be on the same train as you? Did you even consider the possibility that the American People would elect a man so corrupt and incompetent that he would even make YOU look like an Einstein, in comparison? Good Lord, did that thought even enter your addled brain? Congratulations for laying the groundwork and setting the stage for President Rainbow and the final blow-off!”
Aea dismisses the befuddled cowboy with a contemptuous smirk. 
“Hope and Change,” she says brightly, as she peers down at her scroll. “Yes we can! Change that we can believe in. You can keep your plan. Isn't that right, President Rainbow?”
President Rainbow cocks his head like Mussolini and won't look Aea in the eye.
“This is where truth becomes stranger than fiction. You just can't make up shit like this. Nothing is real. A man comes along, a shadow man from out of nowhere. A programmed man, with his path clear and open before him. The anointed one. You were going stop the rising seas with one wave of your hand, and transform America with the other. Your road to the White House was cleared of all obstacles by a fawning, corrupt Media and an army of of hardcore political operatives and obedient apparatchiks. It didn't hurt that your opponent in the election was (and still is) a certified maniac. The American People were weary of war, and fearful for their uncertain financial future. Many foolish but well-meaning people believed that the time had come to right historical wrongs by electing a 'person of color' to the highest office in the land. It was time. But alas, the road to Hell is always paved with good intentions! Unfortunately for America and the world, nobody even bothered to do their homework. Nobody was terribly interested in your past, or who your associates were. —Look at me, President Rainbow.”
A burly demon slaps the side of Rainbow's head. “You look at the Judge when she addresses you, Mr. President.”
Aea continues, as the demon holds Rainbow's head firmly so he can't look away.
“Where do we start? Well, you replaced Cowboy's corrupt cronies with corrupt cronies of your own. So what else is new, right? Oh, what a bunch you chose—or did they choose you? No matter. Once again, it was time to loot the taxpayers. 'You didn't build that!' What's another trillion dollars, especially for your piggy contributors and bundlers! Solar panels! Apparently, indicting and prosecuting the Wall Street Vultures that were responsible for the financial meltdown was not a high priority on your do-list! Instead, you actually doubled down on Cowboy's domestic spying program, and escalated his war in Afghanistan, to boot. Three times more American soldiers were killed over there in that hellhole on your watch, than on President Cowboy's. You began to assassinate 'foreign terrorists' and US citizens with drone aircraft, in violation of international law. Why even bother waterboarding the bastards when you can just blow them up! Never mind that most of your targets were innocent civilians and a few deluded American citizens! You should have been impeached, but nobody except for a few annoying cranks had the guts to call you out on it. You then bombed Libya, a sovereign nation, without consulting Congress. Furthermore, you instigated revolutions in two more countries that were at peace at the time. You funneled money and weapons to extremist combatants in Syria, in clear violation of international law. Over one hundred thousand dead, thanks to you! So much for hope and change, Nobel Peace Prize Winner!
“Here at home, you used government agencies to harass your domestic political enemies, like that subversive group of haters, better known as Gibson Guitars! My God, you actually went after a freaking guitar manufacturer! You sicked the IRS on your opposition, but granted exemptions to your political allies from harsh regulations as a result of your policies inflicted on the US taxpayer. You broke every campaign promise that you made, including your pledge for 'the most transparent administration in history'. Your race-hustling Attorney General set back race relations fifty years and your idiotic and disastrous foreign policy restarted the Cold War as well. Well done, President Rainbow, well done indeed, for poisoning the well and destroying idealism and trust in Representative Government for generations to come! —Both of you make me sick, and I'm done with you. It's time for your judgment. The Great Ojo has been waiting.”
The milky white skies open, and the Great Ojo appears above them all. Aea, the demons, and the angels all bow their heads low as President Cowboy and President Rainbow throw themselves to the ground and bury their faces in the alkali sands.
“Roll them over,” says Aea. The demons do so, and the naked quivering souls of the two Presidents open wide in hardcore fear and loathing and are immersed in the unwavering light of the Great Ojo. Aea turns her back on the ruined Capitol building and rises up and away into the milky sky, followed by Betelgeuse and the demons. Betelgeuse plays no blues on his horn, he's just not in the mood.
KA.
Waiting For Shiva

If the weather is fair, I usually spend my days walking along the shore of Kestrel Cove, Delaware. Although it is difficult to navigate my walker in the sand and shoals, I take pride in my self-reliance, and never need to call for assistance from my handlers. I have always cherished the challenges and bumps in Life's road, and have always succeeded and prospered, knowing that nothing was ever meant to be comfortable and easy. I am a Prescott, after all, and the Prescotts never flinch in the face of adversity, and have always shown their quality. I walk in good standing with my ancestors and the blessings of the Master, and the proof is in the pudding: I just celebrated my ninety-first birthday, here at the Terrapin Island Federal Correction Facility. My mind is focused, my will is unshaken, and my body… well, my tired old cadaver is doing the best that it can manage, considering the circumstances.
There are only three of us here at any given time, on my personal Devil's Island: myself, my nurse, and one of my rotating crew of guards. There are no barbed wire fences or machine gun towers at this oh-so-exclusive seaside resort. Only sharks and a Coast Guard cutter patrol the choppy waters between the island and the mainland, accessible only by small craft and a daily ferry. 
My guard Chambers sits yonder on the jetty with his fishing pole, waiting for the afternoon ferry to transport him back to the mainland. My night guard Rufus, is due to arrive for his shift on the same ferry. 
My nurse's name is Mason. He works a 24 hour shift and then takes 24 hours off, when Dennis takes his turn. Dennis is studying to be a gerontologist.
Mason tells me that he was born in Jamaica, and has a wife and son in Wilmington. He stands six feet six inches tall, weighs about 280, and is 28 years old. A very nice young fellow. I am truly sorry to say that I will outlive him, if I can't persuade him to leave early on today's afternoon ferry. Tonight is the night. After sundown, Rufus and I have an appointment to keep with a submarine. A rubber dingy is hidden in some marshes, about one quarter of a mile down the beach. I have no intention to finish out my days in this glorified prison, exclusive and swanky at it is.
As I perch my bones on a sea-drift log, I drift away and find myself back in 1945, gazing out at a different sea. It almost seems like yesterday.
“Tell me more about Enola Gay, Senator.”
Mason is fascinated that I rode in the plane that dropped the big one on Hiroshima.
“I was so scared, that I pissed in my pants, Mason. I didn't do anything, and in fact, I was only in the way.”
“Did the pilot really shoot himself, sir? You know, years later?”
“I think that's an urban myth, Mason.”
“Tell me more, sir.”
“Very well. As you know, my daddy was Assistant Secretary of the Navy. I was only a puppy of twenty-three, just out of Princeton, and already eying a career in politics. Daddy set me up with the Manhattan Project, partially to keep an eye on what was going on, and also to gain creds in order to advance my budding political career.”

Alamogordo, New Mexico, 1945

The night was black and moonless, and a chill desert breeze penetrated my overcoat, so I took another slug of whiskey and swished it around in my mouth. Even at age 23, I was still pretty much of a greenhorn at drinking. I passed the flask back to 'Colonel Wintergren' as we waited for Shiva in an army jeep parked on a ridge 15 or so miles up-wind from ground zero. 
“Any minute now,” said Wintergren. “Scared, Prescott?”
“Well, you HAVE heard the weird theories making the rounds, right?”
“Are you referring to the one that suggests that we can possibly set the earth's atmosphere on fire?”
I nodded, and reflected on the fact that I had not yet deflowered my fiance Prudence, among other things.
“Highly unlikely, Prescott,” chuckled Wintergren. “I think that Oppenheimer planted those rumors just as a prank, to tell you the truth. Aw hell, if it happens, it happens! I imagine that it would be very quick and painless! No one could ever say that we didn't go out with style, the good old USA!”
I shivered at the very thought of it, and took another sip of whiskey.
“My father says that the bomb will hasten the war's end, and save American lives.”
Colonel Wintergren snorted. “Oh, Prescott, you ARE just a green young pup, aren't you? Listen to me, boy. Now that we have airstrips on Iwo and Okinawa, our B-29 Super Fortresses can bomb the Nips into ashes with conventional bombs, and achieve the same results! You do know about Tokyo, don't you? How about Hamburg and Dresden? Tens of thousands of civilians were incinerated in that single raid over Dresden, which was in fact just a friendly reminder to our, ahem, Russian allies that we own the skies, young man. It is now America's turn to assume supremacy. We should have boldly taken the bull by the horns immediately after World War One, and maybe this entire war could have been prevented, but thanks to the Reds in our very own government, we dropped the ball. We should have taken out Stalin back in the twenties, when we had the chance… anyway, it has been decided that this wonder bomb must be dropped on a city, ANY city, BEFORE the Ruskies declare war on Japan, and make their move into the Pacific Theater. WE paid for this Victory with our blood and treasure, and the Pacific must remain an American Lake. This bomb is a message to Uncle Joe and his Bolshi devils.”
“Will we ever use this bomb on the Russians?”
“No, and that's the pity.” The Colonel paused for another slug of whiskey.
“You did speak with your father today, correct?”
“Yes, sir. I am to rendezvous with Little Boy at Pearl, and then from there—”
Just then, Wintergren's radio squawked: “BRAVO SHIVA BURMA SHAVE!”
“This is it, Prescott! Put on your goggles, pronto!”
Suddenly the night became day, and Shiva emerged from his bottle.

“Daddy, in his infinite wisdom, flew my fiance Prudence out to Honolulu to bid me farewell (in his stead), and I guess you can say that nature took its course! Our daughter Priscilla was conceived, as best as I can estimate, sometime during the wee hours of July 18, 1945, at a motor hotel just outside of Pearl Harbor. 24 hours later, I lit out to sea on the newly arrived USS Indianapolis, bound for Guam, Saipan, and Tinian Island, along with 'Little Boy', my special charge.” 
“You mean the bomb.”
“Correct. Captain McVay didn't care for me, and probably thought that I was a snobby, privileged, son of a career politician who had never served a day at sea — which was nothing but the truth, of course! Daddy was deathly afraid of ships and airplanes, as a matter of fact, and suffered from a chronic phobia about drowning, among other things, so he designated me to be his eyes and ears. Like most government bureaucrats, the Prescotts have never been very popular with the rank and file, and were seen as spies and interfering busybodies. They were right, but somebody has to do the dirty work… I kept to myself, during the crossing.”
“Wasn't that ship sunk, sir? I remember reading about those poor guys in the water, fighting off sharks…”
“Indeed. Thanks to the stupidity and paranoia of people like my father, 900 men died needlessly, unnecessarily! The waste, such a waste!”
“Why was that, Senator?”
“After we were safely dropped off at Tinian Island, the Department of the Navy, including my father, ordered the Indianapolis to continue on to the Philippines through submarine infested waters, unescorted in stealth, citing security reasons. Supposedly, Nimitz wasn't in the loop. Even the Navy Search and Rescue were kept in the dark. Typical SNAFU, and one of the biggest blunders in the whole goddamned war… Secretary Forestall and my daddy framed Captain McVay for the sinking, and had him court martialed on the bogus charge of not following evasive procedures… I didn't care for the Captain myself, but Daddy went too far that time. My father had ice water in his veins.”
“How does that make you feel, Senator?”
“What can I say? Mistakes are often made in wartime, most of them by the bureaucrats and politicians… my father WAS a bloodless monster, always scoffing at the yellow-bellies… A freeway in Maryland is named after him, by the way.”
“So you and 'Little Boy' hooked up with the Enola Gay —”
“At Tinian. Colonel Tibbits and General Groves weren't very happy to see me, but Truman and Daddy insisted that 'Mr. Anacreon' ride as an observer in the mission. The crew of the Enola Gay thought that I was a spy, and they were right, of course.”
“What happened next, Senator?”
“Tail Gunner Tech Sgt. Bernard 'Rocky' Rockenheimer took me under his wing, once the Enola Gay lifted off from the runway at Tinian.”

Rockenheimer was a sunny, chipper fellow, the type of guy that whistles through the bone yard. “Stick with me, Mr. Anacreon, and enjoy the view. Rest assured that the Nips don't have many Zeros left in the skies to give us any trouble. Most of them went down as kamikazes, or have been destroyed by our bombers. Hopefully it's all over for those yellow bastards.”
“A lot of folks back on the mainland think that the Japs are going to dig in for the long haul, and we will most likely be forced to invade.”
“I've heard the scuttlebutt, but hopefully it won't come to that, once we drop a few of these little boys on them, sonny.”
'Little Boy' was downright scary looking as it rested by it's lonesome in the bomb-bay compartment, to be sure.
“What about anti-aircraft batteries, Rockenheimer?”
“Mostly sporadic and ineffectual at this point. The Nips are pretty much out of munitions these days. Our target is an open city, by the way. Not much there in Hiro-shima Town.”
I tried to ignore the tightness in my gut.
“Do you have anything to drink?”
Rockenheimer  looked a little doubtful. “You look a little green around the gills, sonny. Are you sure that you can keep it down?”
“I think so.”
Rockenheimer opened up a dime bottle of soda pop. “Small sips, sir.”
I abruptly began to shake uncontrollably. “O preserve me… my sweet Prince Lucifer—”
“What did you say?”
I cursed myself and quickly recovered my wits.
“Our Father who art in Heaven…”
Rockenheimer joined me. “Hallowed be thy name…”

The waves lap ever closer to the driftwood log, so Mason helps me carry the walker through the sand up past the high tide line. I sit down on the walker's extendable seat and shut my eyes and visualize Shiva and the mushroom cloud left behind in the wake of the Enola Gay. 
“I myself couldn't make out much,” I tell Mason, “I remember the flash through my goggles, and felt the air concussions… the cloud didn't look like the picture the Brass released to the public… At least from where we were…”
“How did you feel?”
“About the bomb? Nothing. At least at first. I was still a little airsick.”
“But later?”
“We landed back at Tinian without incident. I even managed to fall asleep for part of the way. We were wined and dined by the Brass… later, as I typed up my report for Daddy, I thought about Prudence… and my dog. I also thought about my classmates at Princeton, and Mel Ott hitting his 500th home run… the crazy hills of San Francisco… I thought about everything BUT the people down there in Hiroshima… it wouldn't have done any good, you see. I wrote to Daddy and praised the mission, the plane, the flight crew. I wrote a special letter of commendation to General Le May, praising Sgt. Rockenheimer.”
“It hadn't sunk in yet.”
“I didn't dare let it sink in. I couldn't, you see. I still had one more plane to ride, this time with the Fat Man.”
“Fat Man was the second bomb?”
“Fat Man was the bigger of the two, and the chosen prototype. Plutonium core. Now Little Boy was just the warm up, a simple uranium gadget that was fully assembled in the States, and absolutely safe for transport by ship because it could be armed only minutes before detonation. Plutonium however, is a different ballgame, and those maniacs at Los Alamos decided to fly the components out to Tinian and assemble the bomb there. I'll bet you didn't know that, did you? There is another thing the public never knew for years: Except for the firing pins, Fat Man was fully armed before it was loaded on the B-29. That thing could have taken out the whole island of Titian, if that plane had crashed on takeoff. Oh, they're still denying that even today, but I was in the loop, and old Colonel Wintergren later told me that the idiots back in DC didn't give a horse pucky. They were that insane, including my daddy. Now, on August 8, I was suddenly informed that I had been booted from the Fat Man run, and I didn't argue. I found out later that Oppenheimer's right-hand man, Dr. Robert Serber, had his own spy, oops, I mean observer ready to go. I was full of the Manhattan Project by then, and only wanted to get off that crazy island. I was preparing to arrange transport to Honolulu, when Serber walked right into my tent without ado and told me to report to Major Sweeney immediately. Little wheels were spinning, little political wheels. Now Sweeney wasn't very happy about adding another passenger, and I didn't blame him. There was a very bad feeling in the air…”
“Feeling, sir? Like a premonition?”
“To me? More like a vengeful presence… not Shiva, but… Kali. Appolyon. Extermitus. Hiroshima was a cakewalk, nothing but a passing daydream… Nagasaki was the nightmare.”

Major Sweeney’s aide led me around to a tent behind the Army officer's mess, where I was astonished to find Colonel Wintergren, laying face down on a table, rear end up in the air. His silk boxer shorts were pulled down to his ankles, and an Army nurse busied herself applying what looked like hemorrhoid cream. A burning cigar was in the Colonel's mouth.
“Sit down, sonny. Don't mind me—goddamn these blasted hemorrhoids! Must have been that bumpy run from Shanghai! I haven't changed my shorts since Outer Mongolia! Just traveled the length of Rooshia, after wrapping up some business in Hunland.”
Wintergren gestured for the nurse to leave. “Thank you, Sergeant.”
After the nurse departed, the Colonel pulled up his shorts and put on his pants, to my great relief. 
“We don't have much time, so let's dispense with the pleasantries. Your father has reason to believe that the next drop will be sabotaged by a mole who has connections to Russian Agents and peace activists in the Manhattan Project itself. This information came to us after you embarked on the Indianapolis.”
“My father says that the Russians—”
“This information is iron-clad—your father believes that the saboteur is a Russian mole, but I beg to differ. Only weeks ago, Professor Einstein and more than 70 leading physicists petitioned the President to not use… this thing on the Japanese. General Eisenhower and Admiral Nimitz also stated their doubts, but the President, at the urging of Secretary Forestall, your father, and others, decided to move forward before the Ruskies could make their move into the Pacific Theater. So, here we are. I got wind of the mole while I was in Potsdam with the President. The Boss received an urgent dispatch by way of a diplomatic pouch from your father, so he dispatched me out here, just in the nick of time. We need to locate, identify, and neutralize the saboteur before he can carry out his mission, whatever it is. Only General Le May is in the loop, for the moment. I wish we had more information to give you.”
“How much time do we have?”
“That depends on the weather. Keep your eyes and ears open, and be ready to move. You will be summoned by Shiva, who is one of us.”

Mason and I idly gaze out at a distant tanker steaming south.
“Heading in to Norfolk,” says Mason. “So what happened next, Senator?”
“Total confusion! The 'official' story was that Fat Man couldn't fit in the bomb bay of the Great Artiste, which was the bomber chosen for the second run, so they had to jerry-rig another B-29, the Box Car. Major Sweeney and his crew switched over from the Great Artiste to Box Car, which really pissed-off Captain Frederick C. Bock, Jr., commander of the Box Car, which was originally set to be one of the escorts on the bombing run. That caused a lot of confusion and delays. I was finally informed by an orderly to report directly to the Great Artiste. I thought then and there that I had been bumped once again from Fat Man's plane, but the orderly took me aside, and hissed into my ear: 
“Shiva. Now listen up and keep your mouth shut. —Fat Man IS riding in the Great Artiste after all. Sergeant Rockenheimer has been enlisted to watch your back, just in case the saboteur is on board. Now everybody, including Major Sweeney, still think that Box Car is the one. We're hoping that the saboteur will weasel his way onto Sweeney's plane. If we are wrong, and he has infiltrated the crew of the Artiste, we suspect that he will smell a rat when he learns that you are on board. He will most likely make his first move against you—and that's what we want, so we can smoke him out. Do keep your eyes open, and good hunting—Mr. Anacreon.”

“So you were the bait,” says Mason.
“Indeed.”
Mason holds me up steady as I urinate on the sand.
“Looking good, Senator!”
When I finish, Mason opens a bottle of Gatoraid for me.
“Thank you, Mason! Do yourself a favor and don't get old.”
“Now don't talk like that! I fully intend to play with my great-grand children in my dottering old old age! —So you and Rockenheimer took off on the Great Artiste.”
“Correct. Good old Rocky, my babysitter. We finally got the green light, and took off in inclement weather. Did you know that at the very last minute, Captain Bock and his entire crew were bumped from the mission? A whole new flight crew boarded the bomber. The new pilot commander and crew all wore uniforms without identifying rank or insignia. A shadow captain and a shadow crew.  By the way, all of this is still classified, for some insane reason. The story that was released to the public was all a big fat lie, but get this: the sealed classified documents were all lies also! Wintergren and Daddy's idea. Isn't that just rich?”
“So you took off.”
“Right after the Box Car, along with three spotter planes. Oppenheimer's man Dr. Serber, had a seat on one of the observation planes, but was bumped at the very last minute, supposedly because they couldn't find him a parachute! I still wonder about that to this very day. Served him right.”

Sgt. Rockenheimer hunched down beside me and gave me a stick of gum. 
“I ought to have my head examined, Mr. Anacreon. Hey, how about that son-of-a-gun Mel Ott?”
I did my best to ignore my rumbling stomach and chattering teeth. The turbulence was definitely more intense this time, compared to the breezy, carefree Hiroshima run.
“Easy now, sir.” Rocky then leaned in close and whispered one word into my ear: “Shiva.”
Two hours into the flight, an officer ambled his way to the back and introduced himself. “Martin Ashe, weaponeer and assistant bombardier for this run. Which one of you is Mr. Anacreon?”
“That's me,” I said, thankful that my stomach had finally settled down.
“Come with me, Anacreon. I might need your assistance with our, um, package. I'm shorthanded, so you've been drafted.”
I didn't look at Rockenheimer as I rose to my feet unsteadily. I followed Ashe up toward the bomb bay, where a man lay on his back, breathing hard.
“Chief Bombardier Faulkner,” said Ashe rather breezily. “As you can see, he is too airsick to perform this drill, so I've designated you to be his stand-in. You were at Los Alamos, correct?”
When I didn't answer, Ashe chuckled nervously. “Right. Look, if Faulkner can't perform his duties, I will need your help setting the firing bags and pins, and the bomb bay. We also need to reset this altimeter to 1,800 feet, when we are thirty minutes from Kokura.”
“I have absolutely no training in electrical engineering—”
“That won't be necessary. All you need to do is to hold these two little wires together—no, no, not that one! These two, right, right. —Hey, you've got it, good show.”
“I was told the bomb was already armed.”
“That it is, Anacreon. It can go off at any time.”
“Why 1,800 feet?”
“Maximum blast area.”
“Right.”
We then tested the bomb bay mechanism, and Ashe gave me a thumb's up.  
“OK, it looks like you know the drill. Get some sleep, and I'll give you a heads up, if Faulkner can't cut the mustard.”
Ashe then shoved an object into my hand.
“Firing pin. The other one is in place, and ready to go. Guard this with your life, and keep your eyes open, OK?”
The hours dragged by, and I managed to drift off for a while. Maybe eight hours into the flight, Rocky nudged me awake.
“Good morning, Mr. Anacreon. Somebody messed up. Kokura has been scrapped because of the cloud cover. Some Zeros are circling around below us, and our spotter planes turned tail over Yakashima. Looks like we are going to head on over to Nagasaki and try to hit the Mitsubishi Complex.”
“How long, Rocky?”
“Less than two hours. I hope we have enough gas to make it back to Okinawa, let alone Tinian. We wasted too much fuel circling Kokura, the greenhorns.”

“Who was the mole?” says Mason, as he lifts me up, walker and all, and carries me up to a little bench where the sand turns to sea grass. I debate in my mind whether I should tell Mason or not. I very much want to tell him the true story, but I also want him to live out his natural lifespan.
“I'll tell you what, Mason. If you leave early on the afternoon ferry, I'll be glad to tell you everything right now—all of this is still classified, mind you! —I can't tell you why, but you must go home to your wife and son tonight because… I won't be needing your services tonight, honestly.”
“What are you up to, sir?”
I don't want Mason to die. I want him to live for his wife, his son, and for everybody who died at Hiroshima and Nagasaki—the howling ones that still haunt me almost every night in my dreams.
“1018 North State Street, Wilmington Oaks, Delaware.”
Mason opens his mouth and shuts it abruptly. “Senator?”
“Repeat that last, Mason.”
“Um, 1018 North State Street, Wilmington Oaks.”
“My daughter Priscilla's house. She is now a widow who lives alone. Give her this, when you pay her a call.” I remove my gold Ouroboros talisman from around my neck and hand it to poor old Mason, whose eyes are wide with wonder. “My Phi Fraternity pin from Princeton. My daughter will leave you be, once you give her my talisman. She knows the drill and won't interfere. Downstairs in the basement there is an old coal tender that hasn't been used for thirty or so years. It's still full of coal. Dig deep, and you will find a crate that contains a satchel containing $700,000. Rainy day money, all unmarked bills. I want you to have it, so your boy can go to Princeton. You take that satchel, walk out that door, and don't look back. My daughter is a wealthy woman, and that stash of cash is mine, and mine alone. —Here comes the ferry, Mason.”
Mason is silent for a moment as the ferry approaches the dock.
“I'll say a prayer for you tonight.”
“Don't do that! No, save your prayers for… Nagasaki… Hiroshima.”
“Yes, Senator, as you wish. —Wait! What about the mole, the saboteur! Who was it, I need to know! Was it that Ashe fellow?”
I smile grimly, as Mason helps me up from the bench. “I don't know, Mason. To this very day, nobody knows. I have often wondered—”
“Sir?” 
“Sixty miles out of Nagasaki, Ashe summoned me up to the bomb bay, and informed me that Faulkner had been relieved of his duties. Faulkner was extremely agitated and Ashe told him to go up to the front of the plane. The flight navigator came on down and wanted to know what the problem was. That's when Faulkner pulled out a revolver, and suddenly all Hades broke loose on the Great Artiste… this is where everything gets scrambled in my memory hole… everything happened so damn fast… I clearly heard somebody shout “I'll blow this fucking plane right out of the sky!” when the co-pilot dashed right up behind the navigator and shot him right through the head. Rocky pushed me aside and shot the co-pilot as Ashe and Faulkner simultaneously shot each other—and then a violent bump of turbulence tossed Ashe and the navigator right out the bomb bay and into the blue, right before my very eyes. Faulkner was bleeding from his gut as he and Rocky held their revolvers on each other. 
—Give me the firing pin, Prescott.
—How do you know my name, Faulkner? Who are you working for?
—You give me the goddamn firing pin or I'll blow your fucking head off—
That's when Faulkner and Rocky shot themselves—dead. The whole surreal incident took less than a minute, it happened that fast.”
“Oh my God, Senator!”
The afternoon ferry slowly parks along the landing, and toots its horn. Mason waves to the pilot, who waves back at us. Mason turns back around and grips my walker impatiently. 
“The bomb, Senator, what about the bomb!”
I chuckle at Mason's distress, and my mind returns to the nightmare. 
The bomber shakes from turbulence and anti-aircraft flak, as I fumble with the firing pin.
“The shadow captain was all alone up front and the bomber bounced around like a an old jalopy. I later found out that several more crew members up front were already dead, most likely by poisoning. The shadow pilot was bellowing up a storm, as I frantically checked the altimeter and the firing bags. Somehow I managed to wire the firing pin with less than one minute before we approached the target. Suddenly fighters appeared out of nowhere and began to strafe us. That, by the way, never made it to the newspapers! Sweet Lucifer, the pilot was screaming bloody murder and I yelled I GOT IT, I GOT IT and then we were right above ground zero and the blasted bomb wouldn't release! I rolled Fat Man out of the rack and it crashed down so hard that it shook the entire plane—and then I gave it a good shove with all of my puny might and Fat Man sailed away…”
Mason says nothing as I gather my thoughts. The ferry pilot toots his whistle again, as my night guard Rufus steps off the ferry, slaps five with Chambers, and takes his fishing pole.
“Only me and the shadow pilot made it back to Tinian alive—just barely. Once we touched down, the spook was whisked away by military police… Colonel Wintergren took custody of yours truly, and debriefed me in his tent… the Colonel and I layed low until we boarded a submarine and lit out of there. The true story was hushed up, of course. Sweeney and the Box Car ended up getting the credit for the Nagasaki bombing. I later learned that we missed the Mitsubishi Complex, but we still managed to destroy a good part of the city. —Sweet Satan, Mason, the ferry! Go on, get out of here!”
“Goodbye, Senator. May God bless you.”
“Don't count on that.”
Mason clasps my hand firmly, and comically trots over to the dock, where he stops to wave one last time before he hops onto the ferry to join Chambers along the rail. 
“Goodbye, Mason,” I whisper, as the ferry pulls away from the dock. “May you live to be a thousand.”
Rufus helps me hobble back over to the bench where I sit and close my eyes. Tonight is the night, and I pray to Lucifer that in sparing Mason's life, my act of kindness and mercy will silence the wailing dead of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, and then maybe Shiva will pass me by in peace tonight. May Prince Lucifer preserve us all.











