Dominant Species
By: Ben L. Hughes



Copyright 2014 Ben L. Hughes

Edited By: Jen Hughes and Lynn Cummings

Revision Date: November 30th 2014

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.
Table of Contents:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
The Facts Behind the Fiction
About the author
My Other Books

Chapter 1
The familiar sound of chirping crickets was faint enough to sleep through, but Richard’s weary eyes would not close. His mind raced along, assessing the mental damage that was yet to come. Richard could feel his very soul collapsing under the weight of a promise made to quell the fears of a loved one, but never meant to become a reality. It was a pact that he had made with his wife that they would never let the other one be turned into a soulless creature. Richard could feel his stomach knotting up into a hard mass as he reached for his pulse rifle on the floor next to him. Drops of anguish and regret rained down from his cheeks, draining but not emptying his reservoir of pain. His trembling fingers instinctively grasped the cold metal weapon as he lifted it up and turned it on. A faint whining sound replaced the cricket’s stridulations as the induction coil charged. Once the weapon was ready to fire, Richard slowly crept over to his wife’s sleeping bag, careful not to wake her. Then he took a deep breath as he positioned the muzzle a few inches from her temple. A lifetime of memories sent a shiver down his spine as he took one last look at her innocent face before pulling the trigger. A bright green flash lit up the tent, temporarily blinding him as the pungent smell of burnt hair and flesh seeped into his lungs. Richard dropped to his knees the instant his watering eyes confirmed Mikala’s fate.
“Why her?” he cried out in an angry and bitter voice. A moment later his friend Mitch pulled back the flap of the tent and peered in.
“What happened?” Mitch asked as the smoke filled haze wafted out into the darkness.
“I had to do it, she was infected!” Richard cried. Mitch reluctantly entered the tent and knelt down next to Mikala so he could examine her eyes with his flashlight. The powerful light revealed a multitude of faint yellow flecks disseminated across the whites of her eyes.
“Damn it Richard, you should have told me she was infected. I would have taken care of this,” Mitch scolded as he turned off his light and slowly backed away from the corpse, trying not to gag from the odor and appear disrespectful.
“I know...” Richard replied in a distraught voice.
“I don’t care how tough you think you are, we never euthanize our own family members, it’s just too painful,” Mitch added.
“I would prefer to be left alone,” Richard said in a cold and lifeless tone.
“Okay,” Mitch agreed. He hated to leave his best friend alone under such horrific circumstances, but if he needed time to mourn, it was not his place to intrude.
Shortly after Mitch left, Richard set his rifle down, and gently closed his wife’s pale blue eyes. As he sat there beside her in the darkness, all he could think about was the emptiness inside. She was all that he had left, the one thing in his life worth fighting for, and now she was gone. His heart was broken, and the enemy had won.
Richard wiped his eyes and lifted her pale white hand up to his lips, kissing it one last time. Then he slowly zipped up her sleeping bag until it covered her partially charred remains. A blanket of tears rained down onto the tattered bag as he lifted her body off the floor and headed out into the cold night air. As he walked along, a few stark faces peered out from their tents, but the sight of death repelled them. It wasn’t the first time that Richard had made the walk, but it was by far the most painful.
When Richard came to the large raised mound just outside of their encampment, he gently set his wife’s body down on the bare ground. Then he retrieved a badly worn shovel from a nearby grave and started to dig. Once the soil turned to rock, he set the shovel down and cried. The howl of a distant wolf echoed through the darkness, a stark reminder that humans had recently joined the ranks of endangered species. After regaining his composure, Richard gently slid Mikala’s body into the shallow grave and started shoveling the frigid dirt back into the hole. When he was finished, he packed the soil down with his tattered boots to protect her from nighttime scavengers. Then he marked the spot with a makeshift cross and asked God to look after her. What had once been a hearty group of survivors had been cut down to a few dozen. Their efforts to elude the parasitic plague by traveling deep into the Montana wilderness had been in vain. The disease had found them, and it had taken his wife. The one thing he had cared about above all else.
After Richard finished saying a prayer for his wife, he slowly made his way back to camp. He kept telling himself his actions were justified, but he couldn’t help but feel guilty for what he had done. He had killed countless others who were infected, but losing his wife was more than his psyche could bear. All he could think about was ending the nightmare that had become his life. He knew he was suffering a mental breakdown, but that realization did not stop him from retrieving the pulse rifle from his tent and pointing it at his head. Everything that he had fought so hard to preserve and protect had been taken away. All that remained was despair and regret, and Richard squeezed the trigger. His self-damnation was met with a solitary click, as the rifle beeped in alarm. After a sarcastic chuckle, Richard aimed the weapon away from his head so he could examine what had caused the misfire. As he looked it over, he could see all five power bars were glowing brightly, indicating it was fully charged. He ran his finger over the induction coil, but it was securely locked in place and clearly not the cause of the alarm. Richard slowly unscrewed the plasma coupler from the receiver, and as he did so, a small black cricket jumped out onto the floor.
“One in a million”, he muttered under his breath as the little cricket hopped away in search of some other hiding place. Richard shook his head as he screwed the plasma coupler back into place. Then he pointed the barrel of the weapon out of his tent and pulled the trigger. A bright green ball of plasma lit up the night sky, and slowly dissipated high overhead. Richard powered down the rifle and then zipped the tent closed behind him. As he glanced over to the stark corner of the tent where his wife had been resting only an hour before, he wondered if she had somehow prevented him from taking his life, and if so, why? He wasn’t one to believe in supernatural powers, but he didn’t believe in coincidences either. As he tried to rationalize the event, he slowly realized that there wasn’t going to be a logical explanation. He was alive, and for now, he would continue to lead the band of survivors just as he and his wife had done before. Why the others had chosen to follow them, he never understood. Perhaps it was because he told them about his plan to escape the plague by heading into the wilderness with his family, or maybe it was his hard line talk about preserving humanity. Whatever the reason, the survivors looked to him for guidance, and now they were all that was left in his meager life. A clan of miscreants that had put their faith in a broken man.
Richard closed his eyes, and sighed. His respite had eluded him, and now he was left to face the next hurdle. The infection that had taken his wife and countless others was closer than he imagined, and the only escape was to move further north into a colder climate. A simple thing to do with the proper provisions, but most of their supplies were gone. To make matters worse, they only had a few flimsy tents and no tools to construct meaningful shelters. Richard doubted that his band of survivors would make it another year. It just seemed that no matter what they did, there was no way out of their predicament. If they migrated south, they risked further infection or capture. If they moved further north, he feared that the brutal Canadian winter would take its toll in the coming months. With no clear resolution, Richard focused his frustration and hatred on the one man who was directly responsible for their plight, Dr. William Stone. He was a radical, self-righteous pioneer in the field of endocrinological biochemistry, and a man that Richard would never forgive or forget.
As Richard lay there, his mind drifted back a half dozen years, to a point just before he met Dr. Stone. Richard had been hired to work at the 341st Medical Group’s Genetic Research Facility at Malmstrom AFB in Great Falls, Montana. It was home to the world’s most advanced genetic engineering laboratories available, and although it was a highly classified testing and research facility, everyone who worked in the field of genetics knew of its existence. Richard worked on phase two of the Human Genome Project under a grant from the Department of Energy. Phase one, the mapping of the entire human genome had been completed decades earlier, but phase two was an ongoing effort to identify mutations in the human genome that were known to cause genetic disorders and diseases. Richard believed that gene therapy was the wave of the future, but the development of treatments was only as effective as the depth of understanding of the genetic mutations that caused the affliction in the first place. Richard felt that his research would lead to novel treatments and reduce human suffering from the more than 10,000 identified genetic disorders. 
Across from Richard’s lab was DARPA, the Department of Advanced Research Projects Agency. It was a secretive branch of the military that conducted small-scale clinical trials using performance enhancing pharmaceuticals on soldiers. Sometimes Richard heard the soldiers out in the hallway complaining about the negative side effects of the drugs they had been given. On one occasion, a test subject became violent and had to be carried away in a straight jacket. Richard secretly hoped that the enhancement program would be closed down, but DARPA was persistent. Once their drugs trials came to an end, they searched the fringes of the scientific community in an effort to salvage their faltering program. That’s when Richard saw Dr. Stone for the first time. He was a tall slender man with dark hair, and recessed facial features. Richard could tell by his hawkish stare that he was ambitious and driven. When Richard introduced himself, Dr. Stone feigned an interest in his work, but then quickly changed the subject to his own research. Richard would never forget his haunting statements, “I’m taking the enhancement program in a new direction. Come to my presentation and see the future of humanity.” Richard cringed with disappointment. He disliked Dr. Stone from the very beginning, but he attended his classified presentation later that day out of morbid curiosity. The ‘new direction’ as Dr. Stone put it, was going to focus on his discovery that certain flatworms formed para-symbiotic relationships with their host. The worms lived off the host, but in return they secreted an array of biochemicals into the host bloodstream that actually killed off competitive pathogens and enhanced the host’s performance. Dr. Stone theorized that through careful genetic manipulations of the worm’s DNA, he could modify it to secrete more performance enhancing biochemicals, thus making it suitable for biological implantation. Richard remembered how repulsed had been by the presentation, but it was the radical innovation DARPA was looking for, and there was no stopping it.
Shorty after Dr. Stone moved in, he used his connection to DARPA to have a number of the Genome Project’s labs reassigned to his program. It was a move that infuriated Richard, but not being one to get bogged down by bureaucratic wrangling, he chose to ignore the issue. It turned out to be a smart strategy because Dr. Stone quickly built a reputation of getting people fired if they got in his way. Richard wasn’t sure why Dr. Stone had so much power and influence, but he suspected it was because DARPA’s parent agency was the Department of Defense. The DOD in turn, had complete control over all U.S. military installations, including Malmstrom AFB.
Once Dr. Stone took over the labs he wanted, M237- M252, he brought in specialized incubators full of various species of flatworms. Since the slimy little creatures disgusted Richard, he avoided going into those labs unless absolutely necessary.
A few months down the road, Richard learned that Dr. Stone had selected Taenia Solium, as the candidate worm for genetic manipulation. It was a nasty parasitic flat worm that was not only capable of infecting humans and other primates, but could also evade their immune systems after implantation. It was the stuff of nightmares, and Richard hated ever knowing that such things actually existed in the world.
Even though Richard largely ignored Dr. Stone, every one of his breakthroughs made its way around the facility. When Dr. Stone modified the worm’s secretion output and variability to meet DARPA’s performance enhancement requirements, there was a celebratory cake in the cafeteria. Richard loved cake, but the white frosting was coved with elongated gummy worms, a satirical touch that repulsed him. When Dr. Stone was able to genetically modify the worm larvae to meet the host’s cranial capacity limitation, there were celebratory balloons in the hallway shaped like giant inflated brains. Richard popped a few when no one was looking, but his act of retaliation went unnoticed.
Not too many months later, Richard remembered seeing a bunch of top brass touring the facility and knew Dr. Stone had reached another milestone. That’s when a half-dozen caged chimpanzees were delivered to his lab by mistake. When Richard inquired about the purpose of the simians, an assistant from Dr. Stone’s lab informed him that the larval implants had been perfected, and they needed test subjects. The assistant also said that since the implants were benign, they had been officially re-classified as, ‘biological augmentations’. A distinction Richard figured had to do with marketing the procedure to the Congressional Oversight Committee that funded DARPA. 
After the simians were removed from Richard’s lab, he broke his own rule of keeping quiet and complained to his boss about their use for experimental research. The next day Richard remembered getting an email notifying him that the Genome Project labs were being relocated to the third floor. No explanation was given, but he knew Dr. Stone was behind the move. The relocation meant that Richard had to walk past Dr. Stone’s test labs each day. Richard largely ignored the insult, but he could not ignore what went on behind those glass doors. One day there was a biohazard sign taped on the door and he could see the chimpanzees were being exposed to an array of infectious pathogens. A few weeks later, he saw Dr. Stone testing the poor animal’s pain tolerance and ability to heal from combat simulated injuries. Those tests appeared unethical, and Richard sent an anonymous letter to the base commander threatening to expose Dr. Stone. Once again his efforts were thwarted, and despite the anonymity, he was notified that the Genome Project was being moved off base as soon as a suitable facility could be located. Richard knew it was retribution, but he didn’t care. He actually wanted to be moved away from Dr. Stone’s sphere of influence. It seemed like everything the doctor touched was perverted into something nefarious.
While Richard waited to be relocated, he remembered hearing that DARPA had approved phase two testing of the larvae on humans. The first implants were given to a small group of soldiers headed for deployment overseas. Richard remembered hearing Dr. Stone talking-up the procedure and claiming it would turn an ordinary soldier into a super soldier. The procedure was voluntary, and Richard remembered seeing all twelve of the soldiers going over to the clinic after their pep talk. A few days later, Richard saw a document in the recycle bin addressed to Dr. Stone’s from the clinic. Richard discreetly took the document back to his lab so he could read it over in private. He would never forget the contents of that memo, it described how each soldier was given a local anesthetic injection at the base of their neck and then injected with a single worm larva proximal to the pituitary gland. Richard was repulsed by the memo, but like watching a train wreck, he could not stop reading it. The second page went on to describe how the larva would attach itself to an artery near the base of the pituitary gland and then send out dendrites into the surrounding tissue as it matured into an adult worm. Then the worm would use the dendrites to siphon off nutrients, analyze the host condition, and secrete the appropriate performance enhancing chemicals directly into the host’s blood stream. The document even had a color diagram depicting the three-inch long, eight gauge cranial injection needle, and the proper placement for larval injection. It was an image that Richard would never be able to erase from his memory. 
Over the next several months, Richard remembered watching the main research facility undergo a massive rebuild, converting it into what could only be described as a large-scale production facility. Shortly after that, his reassignment came through, and he moved to the research lab off base that was meant to be his punishment.
The following year, Richard periodically used his security clearance to log onto the Malmstrom’s secure website to upload his work. More often than not, there were postings on the project’s update page focusing on Dr. Stone’s program. Richard remembered one article that claimed the initial test subjects out-performed their peers in every measurable way. Another posting a few months later announced that DARPA was granted Congressional approval to expand the augmentation program to all active combat personnel. Other updates indicated that larvae production had increased production a hundred-fold, and the military had farmed out the implantation procedure to its network of VA hospitals. Shortly after that notice, Richard remembered seeing a memo from one of the VA hospitals reporting they had received a batch of larvae without the certificate of final processing. The hospital was concerned because they had already used some of the larvae and didn’t know if they should notify the soldiers that it was given to or not. A follow up memo from DARPA instructed the hospital to discard the remaining batch in question, and indicated that they had notified the implanted soldiers of the mistake. Looking back, Richard realized that the incident was the event horizon for the downfall of humanity. The implants were not benign, and a new species had just been born.
The first warning sign that something had gone wrong in the enhancement program came several months later. Richard spotted an unusual correspondence between one of DARPA’s project leads and a field officer. The officer reported that a small group of enhanced soldiers under his command had lost the will to fight. He went on to say that they seemed to be suffering from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and were not responding to conventional disciplinary action. The officer requested that the soldiers be reassigned to protect the enhancement program’s spotless record. DARPA’s response indicated that the soldiers would be rotated out, and the field officer was assured he would receive fresh replacements by the end of the month. Around the same timeframe, Richard recalled seeing a requisition for the hiring of additional production personnel at the Malmstrom facility. It wasn’t much of a leap to figure out that DARPA had reassigned the problem soldiers there, so they would be out of the spotlight. It was a move that changed the course of history. The soldiers that received bad implants were actually taken over by the parasite. What happened next was speculation, but Richard figured that those soldiers purposefully skipped the sterilization step, and all future larvae were capable of host domination. When that scenario first occurred to Richard a year, a quick search of the internet revealed that nature was full of examples of host-dominating parasites. One of the most notorious was an Amazonian fungus called Ophiocordyceps unilateralis. Its spores would attach to the exoskeletons of unsuspecting ants and then hatch. Then the fungus would secrete compounds into the ant’s circulatory system that would modify its behavior. The ‘zombie ant’ would abandon its colony and help the fungus reproduce and spread. Another example was a parasitic wasp called Hymenoepimecis argyraphaga. The female wasp would sting a spider, temporarily paralyzing it so she could lay an egg on its underside. A few days later the wasp egg would hatch, and the resulting larva would feed off of the spider’s blood without killing it until it was fully matured. Then when it was ready to molt, the larva would inject the spider with a biochemical that reprogramed its brain so that the spider would build a web designed to hold the larva’s cocoon. After the spider completed the modified web, the larva would kill the spider, consumes it body fluid, and then pupate. Richard knew of several more examples, but the revelation came too late. Dr. Stone’s genetically modified flatworm had already evolved, and it was following the most basic principle of life... propagate and survive. Dr. Stone’s arrogance and ignorance forged the key that unlocked Pandora’s Box.
Richard wished he had paid closer attention to the warning signs, but like so many others, the hustle and bustle of family and work consumed all of his spare time. What he saw, but failed to recognize, started out harmless enough. DARPA’s upper management was restructured, with the majority of the new appointments being selected from a pool of recently augmented high-ranking military personnel. The augmentation program was expanded from combat personnel, to all active duty military and their families. The procedure was free and since people were healthier after receiving the implant, the vast majority enrolled in the program. After that, the dominoes fell one after another. The private sector demanded that the government expand the program to include civilians after statistics showed augmented individuals outperformed their counterparts. Corporations promoted the program so they could save money on healthcare costs and improve their bottom line through increased productivity. It wasn’t long before every employer was preferentially hiring individuals who had been augmented over those who had not. Some employers even ran ad campaigns portraying the un-augmented in a derogatory light. Slogans ranged from, ‘Don’t be left behind’ to ‘An un-augmented mind is a terrible thing to waste’. The demand for larvae was unrelenting, and the product sold itself. It wasn’t long before Dr. Stone was hailed as a savior for healing the sick, and the few that questioned his miracle cure found themselves marginalized. 
Richard and his wife were in the minority that opposed augmentation, claiming it turned people into automatons. It was clear that people acted differently after augmentation, but they rarely got sick, they worked harder, and crime rates went into a free-fall. With so many societal benefits, it was impossible for the minority to mount any kind of counter campaign. With little opposition, the government mandated augmentation as a requirement for continued federal employment for all of its employees. When Richard refused to comply, he lost his job. Individual states quickly followed the Federal Government’s lead, mandating augmentation as a requirement for all state employees. That’s when Richard’s wife Mikala quit her job as a teacher.
Within a year, augmentation was added to the list of required ‘vaccinations’ for children attending public schools. Richard and his wife had to work odd jobs as they struggled to make ends meet and homeschool their two girls. It was a dark time, but things only got worse. The U.S. Government passed a resolution in conjunction with the United Nations to allow the expansion of the augmentation program to all countries around the world. It was hailed as the greatest humanitarian aid package ever offered, and there was no cost to receive the procedure. The trifecta of benefits; improved health, productivity, and reductions in crime paved the way for augmentation. It spread across the globe like a plague, but unlike other pestilences, it was embraced.
The media was pro-augmentation from the very beginning, touting it as humanity’s greatest leap forward. What surprised Richard most though was when Dr. Stone was given a Nobel Prize for his work in genetic engineering, and the Peace Prize for reducing human suffering. “How ironic,” Richard thought at the time. “If they had known the suffering endured by animals and humans alike so that Dr. Stone could perfect his abomination, would they have given him such an accolade?” It amused and angered him, and Richard felt that the only ‘prize’ Dr. Stone was worthy of was a noose. Had he known then what he knew now, he would have assassinated the doctor back when he worked with him at Malmstrom. Richard wasn’t a murderer, but even a civilized person would kill if they knew it would prevent future atrocities. 
Richard recalled the day when a news poll showed that over 90% of the U.S. population had accepted the procedure. The commentator then went on to say that those who had not been augmented were the Neanderthals of the modern era. Richard looked on in disbelief as the world embraced augmentation. It wasn’t long before countries stopped recognizing their borders and joined into socialistic communities. It became known as ‘The Grand Unification’ and intellectuals praised its creation. What Richard and a handful of others saw, was that the global society was comprised of Augs, not humans, and in reality, humans were heading for extinction. His worst fears though had yet to be realized. Once the Augs had infiltrated the majority of the world’s political and military leadership, they exercised their will over the remaining un-augmented populace. Laws were passed requiring all newborns to be augmented shortly after birth. When opposition to that mandate was quelled, a Universal Mandate was passed requiring all humans not previously augmented to have the procedure. There was an immediate outcry by the un-augmented minority, but the opposition did not have the votes to overturn the law. That’s when Richard decided it was time for his family to leave Great Falls and head into the wilderness. What he failed to realize at the time, was that he had waited too long to act. The Augs intercepted him and his family as they tried to flee the city. In the chaos that followed, the Augs captured his two daughters along with a dozen other unfortunates. It was the most painful and emotionally devastating thing that he and his wife had ever gone through. His wife eventually found comfort in the fact that their children were part of the new world order, and would live long, healthy lives. Richard however, hated the idea that they had been turned into mindless, soulless creatures, and he sorely missed them.
Richard slowly opened his eyes, as his thoughts finished spanning the last few years of his life. The pain of those horrific events would never leave him. He hated Dr. Stone with every fiber of his being, and he blamed him personally for the loss of his children and his wife. In Richards’s eyes, Dr. Stone was the scourge of humanity, and he wanted to make him pay for what he had done. The truth was, the band of survivors he was part of was no match for Dr. Stone and his army of Augs. To make matters worse, Dr. Stone had recently found a way to use mosquitos as a vector for transmitting the larvae to uninfected humans. It was biological warfare, and anyone bitten by an infectious mosquito would be inoculated with a larva. Within a few weeks the larva would migrate to the host brain and then the unwitting victim would become an Aug. It was a devastating blow to the few remaining survivors, and the only way to avoid infection was to remain out of the mosquito’s range. Richard had led the survivors northward into Canada, but a recent warm spell had caught them off guard. Besides his wife, they had lost over a dozen individuals in the last two weeks. It was a no-win situation, and Richard knew that between the mosquitoes and the coming winter, their fight for survival would soon be over.
Chapter 2
The next morning Mitch cautiously poked his head into Richard’s tent and asked, “Are you okay?” in a hesitant tone.
“Yeah, I just keep mulling over the events that have led us to this point. I guess I’m trying to make some sense of it all,” he replied.
“Do you want to talk, or do you still need some time alone?” Mitch asked.
“Stay for a minute... I want to bounce a few ideas off of you.”
“What’s on your mind?” Mitch replied.
“There is no denying that the Augs are pushing us towards extinction. I am also concerned that if we migrate any further north, we won’t survive when winter comes. What do you think about taking the fight to the enemy?” Richard suggested.
“You’re crazy... how we can fight them, they have every advantage over us,” Mitch exclaimed.
“If we could reach the Augs’ production facility, then we might be able to cut off the supply of larvae by killing the parent worms and taking out Dr. Stone,” Richard proposed.
“I’m not trying to dissuade you from doing this, but even if we did somehow manage to accomplish both those things, wouldn’t the Augs just build a new facility and create more parent worms?” Mitch asked.
“If it were any other scientist besides Dr. Stone, I would agree with you, but Dr. Stone is the most egotistical man on the planet. I can say with complete confidence that he has never shared his research with anyone that worked with him in the early days. I can also assure you that he hasn’t shared his ‘secret recipe’ for creating the parent worms with the Augs. He needs that in order to ensure they don’t turn on him. Dr. Stone may be maniacal, but he is not a stupid man,” Richard declared.
“I wish we knew how he keeps from being infected by the mosquitoes?” Mitch questioned.
“I don’t know, but since he created them, he must have designed some form of protection,” Richard conjectured.
“How are we going to get all the way back down to Malmstrom without being infected ourselves?” Mitch questioned.
“We would have to head south once the weather turns cold and the majority of the mosquitoes are gone. I admit, we would still be at risk of infection, but I don’t see any other way of getting there,” Richard replied.
“I’m willing to go with you, but some of the other members of the clan may not want to risk it, especially after the latest rash of infections,” Mitch remarked.
“I’ll go around and see what the consensus is, but to be honest, I’m going with or without the others,” Richard admitted.
“You’re willing to abandon the clan?” Mitch asked in a surprised tone.
“Our situation isn’t going to get any better. As far as I am concerned, we are all dead either way. I have accepted that reality and I’m willing to do whatever it takes to defeat the Augs,” Richard replied.
“Mikala would have never approved of such a dangerous mission!” Mitch remarked, before realizing the insensitive nature of his comment.
“You’re absolutely right,” Richard said after a long pause. “But now that she is gone, I have nothing left to lose.”
“The survivors look to you for support and leadership, and they depend on you,” Mitch remarked.
“They can get by without me,” Richard contended.
“That might be true, but they are like a family to me, and they feel that way about you,” Mitch revealed. Richard didn’t know what to say. He felt ashamed that he had tried to take his own life, and in doing so, had not even considered the effect it would have had on the others if he had succeeded. He had been so focused on the survival aspect, that he had completely overlooked the close relationships that the clan had formed with one another.
“Are you still convinced that attacking the Augs is the best option?” Mitch asked when Richard didn’t respond.
“We are not equipped or prepared to survive in the arctic, and that’s the only place we would be truly free from the infectious mosquitoes. I will ask for volunteers, that way no one feels obligated to make the risky trip south this winter,” Richard replied.
“If you think your plan has any chance for success, I am sure a few of the others will want to go with us,” Mitch admitted.
“I hope so, but either way, I think we need to take a stand and go out swinging,” Richard declared. Mitch nodded in agreement. He knew Richard had an iron will, and that sheer stubbornness was probably what had kept him alive for so long. It was also one of the qualities that others liked about him. He would not give in, or give up, without a fight.
After breakfast, Richard went from tent to tent and informed the occupants that he wanted to hold a brief meeting to discuss the clan’s future. Everyone finished what they were doing and headed over to the fire pit. Once everyone arrived, Richard anxiously paced about for a few minutes before starting.
“As many of you probably already know, Mikala fell ill after being bitten by a mosquito a few weeks ago and had to be euthanized. She and the others we have lost recently will be sorely missed...” Richard lowered his head, pausing for a moment so he could regain his composure. “The recent deaths are a painful reminder of just how vulnerable we all are. Unfortunately the mosquitoes have proven to be an insidious new tool of what was already a formidable foe. My fear is that between the mosquitoes and the inhospitable weather condition to the north, our time is running out. If we don’t find a way to stop the Augs, we’ll soon be extinct. I hate to paint such a bleak picture of our future, but it is the reality of our situation. There is however a glimmer of hope, it’s faint and improbable, but if we were to succeed, it would be a game changer. It would involve moving the clan south this winter so that we could position ourselves close enough to Malmstrom to attack the larvae production facility. I do realize that going that far south, even in the winter means possible exposure to the mosquitoes, or capture by the Augs. Since there are many risks both known and unknown in such a dangerous plan, I am only asking for volunteers. Those that don’t want to go with me are free to continue north as planned and we will rejoin you when we can. I do fear that if we don’t act now, we will not have the resources to mount any kind of offensive in the future,” Richard said as he looked around at each member of the clan. A discussion quickly broke out between various individuals, and Richard waited for them to finish so he could answer any questions they might have.
“Can you outline your plan for us in a little more detail?” Daniel asked.
“Yes. I was thinking we could push southward as a large group, killing off any Aug patrols that we might encounter once it gets cold enough to drive back the mosquitoes. Then, I will lead a smaller team further south down the eastern side of the divide and over to Malmstrom. From there, my plan is to infiltrate it, and destroy the parent worms along with any other key parts of the facility,” Richard explained.
“Would that stop the spread of the infectious mosquitoes and the larvae they use for implants?” another member asked.
“Yes, the parent worms are the only ones that can produce the genetically modified larvae, so killing them is the key to ending the cycle of infection,” Richard replied.
“Won’t the Augs simply engineer new parent worms somewhere else with Dr. Stone’s help?”
“Yes they will, so it is imperative that we also locate him and eliminate that threat as well,” Richard remarked.
“How will you get past the Augs and into the facility?” Daniel asked.
“We know that the Augs can tell the difference between humans and their kind upon close contact, most likely through pheromones or behavioral differences. Therefore our efforts will focus on avoidance and stealth to prevent detection by them. If that fails then we’ll shoot first and ask questions later,” Richard chuckled.
“What if you are captured?” Daniel asked.
“We know the Augs rarely kill humans since they consider each one of us a potential host. Therefore, anyone captured will have to decide whether or not to take their own life, or be converted into Aug. Obviously there aren’t enough of us to attack the facility and also make a rescue attempt if things go wrong. Therefore, the clan members who aren’t part of the assault team should immediately head north to avoid capture if we don’t return after a specified time. Let’s face it, once we attack the Augs they’ll be coming after any remaining survivors,” Richard warned.
When there were no more questions, Richard cleared his throat to get everyone’s attention. Then he said, “With a quick show of hands, how many of you want to continue north as planned?” After a brief pause Richard looked around the fire pit and smiled. “Well okay, I appreciate your show of support. As soon as the cooler weather sets in, we’ll all head south. Until then, I will continue to refine the attack plan and anyone who wants to join the assault team can let me know in private. Just keep in mind the assault team could be a one way trip,” Richard added with emphasis.
Once the meeting was over, Richard motioned for Mitch to come over for a moment.
“Hey, I just wanted you to know how much I appreciate your support,” Richard said in a sincere tone.
“It’s nothing. Besides, if your plan works out, maybe I can return to my ranch in Bozeman. It was such a beautiful spread,” Mitch recalled.
“You’re lucky that you escaped before they could augment you. I know they swept through the larger towns first,” Richard remarked.
“Yeah, I got out just in time,” Mitch commented, feeling a little awkward reminiscing about past events in front of Richard. In reality he had suffered very little compared to Richard and his family. The worst thing that happened to him was the loss of his brother in an alcohol related chopper crash. Mitch blamed himself, but in truth he and his brother were both reckless cowboys. The incident changed his life and after he sobered up, his father let him take over the family’s cattle ranch in Bozeman. It served as a turning point in his life and he finally felt whole again. Years later, when the Augs took over, he fled north. That’s when Mitch met Richard and Mikala who were camped in the foothills west of Great Falls. When the Augs raided their makeshift camp a few days later, Mitch helped Richard and Mikala escape. A few months later, Richard was able to return the favor by saving Mitch’s life when he slipped on a wet river rock and fell into the water unconscious. From that point they teased each other about who saved the other one’s life more times.
Chapter 3
As fall turned to winter, Richard’s clan started its migration south. It took them a week to reach the border and cross over into the United States, but the return to the homeland boosted everyone’s morale.
“It feels good to be back in Montana,” Richard said after confirming their location on the digimap.
“What do you think the odds are that we’ll make it all the way to the production facility undetected?” Mitch asked.
“Since the Augs are depending on the infectious mosquitoes to do their dirty work, they may have scaled back their patrols. If we’re lucky, they won’t be expecting to see any humans further south and our attack will be a complete surprise,” Richard said in an optimistic tone.
“I hope so, because I’m damn tired of living like an animal and having to eat things that no human should ever have to consume,” Mitch remarked.
“Speaking of food, perhaps we should stop and let everyone rest for a awhile,” Richard suggested. Mitch nodded in agreement, and then retrieved some dried fish from his pack.
“Do you want any?” Mitch asked.
“No thanks, I had some elk jerky earlier,” he replied as he turned his nose up at the smelly white meat.
“Man can live on elk jerky alone,” Mitch joked, knowing full well that that had kept them from starving for the last month and a half.
“I just can’t stomach stale fish or grubs,” Richard said with a sour look on his face.
“Really, you’re going to bring up the grubs again?” Mitch remarked.
“Well you did eat one, did you not?” Richard jested.
“It was a bet, and you cheated to win,” Mitch asserted.
“I didn’t cheat, you asked me what the tallest mountain was and I said Olympus Mons,” Richard replied.
“I meant the tallest mountain on Earth,” Mitch replied.
“Yes, but you didn’t specify that when we made the bet.”
“Like I said, you cheated,” Mitch replied with a smile.
“Okay, enjoy your fish. I’m going to take a look up the trail. I’ll be back in a few minutes,” Richard remarked.
Richard made his way up to the top of a ridge that gave him a clear view looking south. After scanning the horizon for several minutes with his binoculars, he didn’t see any Aug patrols. It was exactly what he had hoped for. The Augs had reduced their presence in the rural areas figuring that the mosquitoes had converted all the humans in the area. After a few more minutes of surveying, Richard put away his binoculars and headed back to the clan.
“How does it look?” Mitch asked upon his return.
“Not an Aug in sight,” Richard exclaimed.
“That’s good, so how much further are we going to go today?” Mitch asked.
“Five more miles, and then we’ll stop for the night,” Richard replied as he signaled that he was ready to get going. Within a few minutes they were back on the trail with Richard leading the way. Every so often he would pull out his map and check it, but in reality he knew the way. He could look at a map once, and then navigate without it by using landmarks. It was a talent that he had learned as a Boy Scout. The only reason he looked at the map along the way was to instill confidence in the others that he knew where he was going.
Richard finally stopped after a couple more hours of hiking when he came upon large flat overlook. It gave a commanding view of the surrounding area, and was readily defendable if any Augs happened along. After the clan finished setting up their tents, they cooked dinner and watched the sun go down. It was peaceful evening, and the darkness revealed a sky filled with stars.
“It’s pretty, isn’t it?” Bella commented as she peered up at the constellations.
“Yeah, every night is a good one if it’s free from Augs and mosquitoes,” Richard replied.
“Why don’t you go get some rest, I’ll keep watch tonight,” Bella offered.
“Are you sure?” Richard asked.
“Yeah, you took the last watch, so it’s my turn,” she insisted.
“Alright, I’ll see you in the morning,” he replied before retiring to his tent. Richard trusted Bella even more than Mitch, but he knew Mitch needed tasks to keep him focused. Bella on the other hand was self-sufficient and self-motivated. Richard respected Bella above all else, and he knew she could lead the clan if he wasn’t able to.
The next morning Bella noticed a faint plume of smoke rising from the valley below and she ran over to Richard’s tent and tapped on the pole to get his attention.
“What is it?” Richard replied in a sleepy voice.
“I think there is a camp a little south of us,” she announced. Richard quickly got out of his sleeping bag and followed Bella out to the overlook. 
“Do you think they are Augs?” she questioned.
“I don’t know, let me get the binoculars from my pack and see if we can tell.” A moment later Richard returned to the overlook and peered down at camp. He could see several men busily working, but it wasn’t until he spotted a group of women that he was convinced that they were not Augs.
“What do you think?” Bella asked in an anxious tone.
“I’m pretty sure they’re human, none of the women appear to be pregnant.”
“A settlement this far south, how can that be?” she questioned.
“See for yourself,” Richard said as he passed the binoculars to her.
“You’re right, none of those women are pregnant. They must be human,” Bella agreed. It was a well-known fact that Aug women got pregnant as soon as possible after giving birth so that there would be a continuous supply of new hosts to implant.
“Should we go down there for a closer look?” Bella asked hesitantly.
“I’ll go, but I want everyone else to stay put in case things aren’t what they appear. There’s no reason to put the rest of the clan at risk or give away our position,” Richard insisted.
“Why don’t we just go around them,” Bella suggested.
“If those are humans, I want to find out how they have managed to survive this far south without being infected by the mosquitos,” Richard replied.
“Let’s hope they’re friendly,” Bella remarked.
“Yeah, but if they’re not, I want you to take charge and head west immediately,” Richard ordered.
Bella nodded and then kept watch as Richard headed down the hill towards the settlement.
When he reached the outskirts of their camp, he paused behind a thicket and watched a couple of individuals for a few minutes to make sure their behavior seemed human. Once he was confident they weren’t Augs, he slowly approached the camp. When the first few residents noticed him, they ran into their makeshift homes, only to reappear a moment later armed with various weapons.
“Who are you?” one of the men asked in an abrasive tone while aiming his weapon at Richard.
“I mean you no harm,” Richard replied as he held his hands up. 
“Don’t move,” the man ordered as he slowly approached. The other two men kept their distance, while the first man inched closer until he was close enough to see the whites of Richard’s eyes. Richard held his gaze, also looking carefully to confirm the stranger was in fact human.
“He’s clean,” the man said as he lowered his weapon and then held out his hand in a welcoming gesture. “My name is Jake, and behind me are my sons, Sean and Matt.”
“It’s nice to meet you, my name is Richard.”
“Sorry about the hostile greeting, but we haven’t seen any other humans pass this way for almost a year. How have you survived on your own?” Jake asked.
“I’m not alone. The rest of my clan is up on the hill. We didn’t want your clan to think we were a raiding party so I came over to check things out first,” Richard replied.
“I appreciate that. We tend to shoot first if it looks like there’s going to be any trouble,” Jake admitted.
“Yeah, you can’t be too cautious,” Richard agreed.
“Well, now that we know you’re human, and vise-versa, feel free to invite your clan down here,” Jake offered.
“Thank you,” Richard replied as he motioned to Bella to bring the clan down.
“How did you find us?” Jake asked.
“We spotted the smoke from your campfire and were quite surprised to see humans living this far south. I guess you’re not worried about the Augs finding you?” Richard asked.
“The Augs have all but stopped patrolling this far out ever since they unleased the parasitic mosquitoes on us,” Jake replied.
“You have to tell me how you’re able avoid the infection in the warmer months?” Richard asked.
“We’re lucky enough to have a botanist in our group, and she located a little known fern called Dryopteri filix-mas. It contains a powerful anti-worm agent that acts as a natural protectant when consumed in small doses. I don’t think the Augs know about the fern, and they think this area is free of humans as a result of their mosquito campaign,” Jake revealed.
“How widespread is this fern?” Richard asked.
“It grows all throughout this valley, but beyond that I’m not sure. Aria is the expert. If you walk down by the stream on the opposite side of our camp, I believe she’s down there right now collecting some,” Jake said as he pointed in the general direction of the creek.
“Thanks,” Richard replied. “I’m going to see if I can find her,” he added as he headed towards the far side of the camp. When he passed the last residence, he located a narrow path that led down to a small stream shaded by mature fir trees. A few feet off the path, he noticed a young woman digging in the soft soil with her hands.
“Hi, are you Aria?” Richard asked in a low voice, so as to not startle her. 
“Yes, the woman replied as she glanced over at him.
“I’m Richard… Jake sent me over so I could see what this miracle fern looks like.”
“Oh,” Aria replied, surprised to see an unfamiliar face. “We haven’t had any visitors in a long time.”
“That’s because nobody knows about the fern, and the mosquitoes forced us way up north all summer long,” Richard replied.
“That’s too bad, the fern grows all throughout the northwestern U.S., and it’s also found in Europe and parts of Asia.”
“Is that it?” Richard asked as Aria gently exposed the roots of a large emerald green fern with dark red stems.
“Yeah, see how the roots resemble a tarantula’s hairy legs, that’s a dead giveaway that you have found Dryopteri filix-mas,” Aria remarked. Then she gently broke off a small piece and handed it to Richard so he could see what it looked like close up. Richard carefully inspected the fern and shook his head in amazement.
“If I had only known what this fern could do, I could have saved countless lives with it,” he said with a look of sorrow and disappointment.
“I’m sorry,” Aria replied, feeling a bit awkward by his candor.
“I see you found Aria,” Jake remarked, as he walked down the path towards them.
“Yeah, she was just showing me the fern,” Richard replied.
“Well there’s plenty of it to go around,” Jake hinted.
“So you don’t mind if I take some for my clan?” Richard asked, not knowing if they would see much of the fern further to the south.
“You are more than welcome to take what you need, but I was thinking you and your clan might want to stay here and join with us. We have plenty of food and there is strength in numbers,” Jake suggested.
“That’s a very kind offer, but we are just passing through,” Richard replied.
“I’m not trying to pry into your business, but the further south you go the greater the chance of running into Augs. Why not stay here so we can pool our resources?” Jake offered. Richard hesitated for a moment as he considered the prudence of telling Jake the exact details of their mission.
“Well, I must confess, we are actually planning to go quite a bit further south and attack the larvae production facility in Great Falls,” Richard admitted.
“What! That’s a suicide mission,” Jake said while shaking his head at the sheer absurdity of such a plan.
“I know it sounds crazy, but I believe I can infiltrate the facility with a small team under the cover of darkness,” Richard replied.
“Damn, you’ve a got a set of stones on you, that’s for sure, but my gosh Richard, that area is going to be crawling with Augs,” Jake said with an air of disbelief.
“I am hopeful that the Augs aren’t expecting to see any humans that far south, so I believe we’ll have the element of surprise on our side,” Richard insisted.
“Even if you were lucky enough to get into that place, how would you find the parent worms or even know what to sabotage to stop larvae production?” Jake asked.
“I actually worked at Malmstrom before it became the Augs’ mecca. So I am fairly confident I can get past their defenses, and locate what needs to be destroyed,” Richard revealed.
“Oh, well that’s a whole different story,” Jake admitted. “Your odds of success just went from zero to maybe.”
“If I can reach the facility without being detected, the odds will be significantly higher,” Richard said in a confident tone.
“I might be able to lend you a couple of my guys. I know a few of them have expressed an interest in actively pursuing the Augs in the past. I never allowed it though, for fear of exposure and reprisal,” Jake admitted.
“I appreciate the offer, but considering the risks, I would prefer not to take any of your people from you,” Richard said in a reluctant tone.
“I understand what you’re saying, but when these guys hear about your plan, I won’t be able to stop them from volunteering,” Jake replied.
“I’m happy to have the help, as long as they fully understand the risks,” Richard emphasized.
“I’ll make sure they know how dangerous the mission is,” Jake remarked before heading back to the settlement.
“How many people are in your clan?” Aria asked.
“There are a dozen of us left,” Richard replied.
“Then help me pick a couple more of handfuls of the root, but only pick one or two from each plant so it doesn’t die,” Aria cautioned. 
“Okay,” Richard replied as he walked over to a clump of ferns and started digging.
“What do we do next?” Richard asked after washing the dirt off his hands and the roots in the creek.
“We’ll take it back to the camp and then hammer it flat with a large round stone. Then we’ll need to dry it in the sun for a few hours. After that, we can grind it into a powder with the mortar and pestle,” Aria explained. Richard nodded and then followed her to the camp so he could watch her process the root.
“How much of the powder do you take, and how often?” Richard asked.
“A half teaspoon once a day has proven to prevent infection,” Aria replied.
“Do you eat the powder raw or with food?” Richard inquired.
“It has a bitter dirt-like taste, so I like to sprinkle it on my food with a few spices to hide the flavor. Some of the others just add it to their drinking water and gulp it down,” Aria replied while making a sour face.
“Spices... where did you get those?” Richard asked.
“The woods are full of them,” Aria remarked, seemingly amused by his lack of basic botany.
“Around here?” Richard said in disbelief.
“Yeah... back down by the creek there’s wild ginger, mint, and licorice. Out in the grassy areas there’s wild onion and sage. If you know what to look for, you can really spruce up a meal,” Aria replied.
“Oh man, I can’t tell you how badly I’ve craved some food with flavor,” Richard remarked while rubbing his stomach.
“Well, you’re in for a pleasant surprise when Jake makes his sage roasted duck with gooseberry sauce tonight,” Aria said with a smile.
“You’re kidding?” Richard scoffed.
“No, he wants to impress your clan, and from the sound of it, try and convince some of them to stay with us,” Aria revealed.
“That’s fine with me. I would actually prefer it if I didn’t have to take my clan any further south than necessary,” Richard replied.
“You’re leaving either way then?” Aria asked.
“Yep, I know it’s a long shot, but I have to try,” Richard replied.
“When are you planning to leave?” Aria asked.
“Tomorrow,” Richard replied.
“Well, good luck then,” Aria said, as she handed him a pouch full of fern powder.
“Thank you for your all of your help,” Richard replied with a smile. Aria smiled and then went to talk with Jake who was by the fire pit. Richard looked on as his clan and Jake’s were already sharing stories around the campfire. It made Richard realize just how quickly people with similar experiences could relate to one another and become friends.
“I appreciate your generosity and hospitality,” Richard remarked as he walked over and joined the group.
“Don’t mention it,” Jake replied. “I’m just relieved to find out there are still some other humans out there.”
“I was wondering if you have seen any recently infected individuals pass through?” Richard asked in a reluctant tone, knowing some of them might have been from his clan.
“We shoot anyone infected on site. No exceptions,” Jake replied without hesitation.
“So do we,” Richard remarked in a sad voice. Jake could see by Richard’s expression that there was more to the story, but he didn’t press the issue.
“Well, I have a few things to take care of, but I’ll catch up with you after dinner,” Jake said as he excused himself. Richard nodded and then sat down next to Mitch who was entertaining several young ladies with one of his rancher tales.
“There I was, smack dab between a love struck bull and his heifer. He must have thought I was making a move on his girl because he snorted at me and then stomped his foot twice. I realized at that very moment what a terrible mistake I had made, but before I could get out of the corral, he came running at me as fast as he could. With nowhere to go, I grabbed the milk bucket I was about to use on the heifer, and put it over my head like a helmet. The next thing I knew, the bull scooped me up with his horns and tossed me into the air. That’s when I landed squarely on his back with the milk bucket stuck to my head. The bull bucked wildly as I tried to get the bucket with one hand while holding on for dear life with the other. When I finally got the bucket off my head, I immediately jumped off the bull and landed in the water trough,” Mitch said as laughter filled the air for several minutes. There was no denying that he was a gifted storyteller.
“I see you have made some new friends,” Richard remarked once the laughter died down.
“Ladies, this is Richard, the leader of our clan... Richard, this is Meagan and her sister Josephine.”
“Nice to meet you,” Richard said politely as he glanced over at them. Meagan nodded and then looked away while her sister held his gaze for a moment before smiling back at him.
“Mitch said you saved his life a couple of times,” Josephine remarked. 
“Yeah, he’s like a brother to me,” Richard replied. Mitch looked a little surprised by the comment. It wasn’t that he didn’t feel the same way, but because Richard wasn’t one to reveal his emotions in public.
“That’s nice,” Josephine commented. Richard nodded and then looked over at Mitch so he could return to his story telling. As Mitch continued, Josephine kept looking over in Richard’s direction, and each time he glanced back, she would quickly look away. At first he wasn’t sure what to make of it, but he thought she might be flirting with him. He could not deny her beauty, but he felt a little uncomfortable eyeing another woman when it had only been a few months since his wife’s passing. To be polite he smiled back at her, but then looked down at the ground. 
“What’s wrong?” Josephine asked in a tender and inquisitive tone.
“I lost my wife not long ago,” Richard replied with a look of sorrow in his eyes.
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
“It’s okay, everyone has lost someone special,” Richard remarked as he excused himself to avoid making anyone else feel uncomfortable. Josephine looked on as he disappeared into the cool night air and then she got up and followed after him.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you,” she said apologetically after catching up with him by a large outcrop of boulders.
Richard sighed, but his heavy heart kept him from replying. Josephine stood quietly next to him for a few minutes hoping he would say something, but when he didn’t, she turned and started to leave.
“Please don’t go,” he said in a pensive tone. “I need someone to talk to, someone who can judge my actions objectively.”
“Okay,” Josephine replied as she sat down next to him on a large boulder.
“When my wife got infected, I had to choose between letting her join the Augs, or euthanizing her. It was the hardest decision I have ever had to make. I chose the latter only because we promised not to let each other be turned into one of those mindless creatures, but I question that decision every day,” Richard said in a jittery voice.
“I think you did the right thing,” Josephine replied in a gentle voice.
“I want to think so, but we made that promise before our kids were taken, and now I can’t help but wonder if she would have preferred to have become an Aug after all. There is a chance she could have been reunited with our children...” Richard confessed as he struggled to hold back the tears.
“You kept your promise,” Josephine said as reached over and held Richards hand. “I know I would never want to be taken over by a disgusting worm. The parasite just uses its host, turning it into a mindless automaton working for a collective. From what I have seen, they don’t have any feelings, there are no friendships, and no family ties. Your wife would not have recognized your children, and they would not have known her.”
“I appreciate your honesty. The members of my clan told me that I did the right thing, but they see me as their leader, and rarely question my actions when perhaps they should,” Richard remarked.
“I can tell you’re a good person, and you follow what is in your heart. I think that’s what makes someone a good leader, and that’s why your clan respects you,” Josephine observed.
“You’re too kind,” Richard said as a firefly darted in and out of a crevice in the boulders next to them.
“Is there anything else bothering you?” Josephine asked.
“What would happen if an infected person took the fern powder?” Richard asked.
“As long as the person takes it right after being bitten the vermifuges in the fern powder will kill the larva before it reaches the brain, but once it implants, it’s too late,” Josephine replied.
“So what happens if you take it after implantation?” he asked.
“Then you would suffer a horrifically painful death. The larva doesn’t go without a fight,” Josephine said in an unsettling voice.
“Have you witnessed that?” Richard asked hesitantly.
“Yeah, Sean gave the fern powered to a couple of Augs that we captured to see if the augmentation process could be reversed. Unfortunately, if the parasite dies, so does its host. Sean even tried to surgically remove a worm from an Aug, but when he started cutting on it, the worm used some kind of neuro-toxin to kill the host once it was mortally threatened. It’s a perverse form of mutually assured destruction that prevents the parasite from being tampered with after it implants,” Josephine explained.
“Then there really was nothing I could have done to save my wife,” Richard admitted.
“I’m afraid not. Even if you had known about the fern powder, you would have had to give it to her in the first few days after being infected,” Josephine replied.
“Unfortunately I didn’t even know she had been bitten by a mosquito until I noticed the telltale faint yellow spots in her eyes,” Richard said in a sorrowful tone.
“You did the right thing, and I am sure she is in a better place,” Josephine insisted as she gently held Richard’s hand in hers.
“Thank you... and I apologize that I have burdened you with my troubles. I just couldn’t bear my soul to anyone in my own clan. They all think I’m invincible or something,” Richard scoffed.
“I know you feel that as their leader you need to appear courageous, but keeping stuff like that bottled up for months at a time is very unhealthy. You have to let it out or it will just eat away at you,” Josephine remarked. 
“I know, and after telling you, I do feel better, thank you,” he said with a smile that was all but lost in the darkness.
“Are you still planning to come back here after you attack the Augs?” Josephine asked.
“Of course, where else would I go?” Richard replied. 
“That’s good,” Josephine replied, seemingly pleased by his response. As they sat there in the cool night air, they just held hands and enjoyed each other’s company.
Chapter 4
Shortly after breakfast Jake called for a meeting of his clan members and presented them with Richard’s plan to attack the production facility. Everyone seemed excited about the idea, and when Jake asked for volunteers, Ethan and Matt came forward. Ethan was a slender young man in his late teens who struck Richard as well mannered and intelligent. The other volunteer was Jake’s eldest son Matt. He was a tall, well built man who looked fit and battle ready. Jake was not thrilled that his son was volunteering for such a risky mission, but Matt was old enough, and more importantly, big enough to make his own decisions.
“When are we going to leave?” Ethan asked with a look of eagerness and excitement.
“This afternoon,” Richard replied. “It is going to be a long hike there and back, so only bring the items you consider to be essential. I also recommend packing just enough food for half of the trip to keep the weight down. We’ll supplement the difference as we go.”
“What about water, how much should I bring?” Ethan asked
“Not too much, just fill one hydration pack. I’ll pick a route that keeps us close to streams and rivers most of the way. Keep in mind that this could be a fairly grueling trek, so the lighter you pack, the better,” Richard remarked.
The men acknowledged his warnings and set off to gather their things and say goodbye to their friends. Richard knew they would have to travel through the high mountains and rural countryside on foot to avoid the Augs. The only areas left untouched by the Augs were the most remote mountainous and artic regions that were either too difficult to farm, or too remote to patrol. Virtually all mechanized equipment from cars to trucks to tractors had been repurposed to facilitate the production and dissemination of food for the Aug’s ever growing population. Even the larger animals had been rounded up and consumed long ago. There was virtually nothing useful left for the survivors, the Augs had repurposed everything when they took control.
Once Matt and Ethan had finished packing up their things and said their goodbyes, they met up with Richard and Mitch at the south end of the settlement.
“Looks like you’re ready to go,” Richard said as he cinched down his pack.
“We are,” they replied.
As they started off across the meadow, Josephine came running up from behind to join them.
“What are doing?” Richard asked with a surprised look on his face.
“I’m coming with you,” she replied in a firm voice.
“You need to stay with your clan,” Richard insisted.
“I’m as able as any man, and I have my own weapon,” she retorted sharply. Richard glanced at her clean pulse rifle and then noticed she had a battle pack draped across her shoulders.
“There is no doubt in my mind that you are as fit and able as the rest of us, but it doesn’t make sense for you to risk your life on such a dangerous mission. If we succeed, it will be the women, not the men, that help rebuild our population and save our species from extinction. Your life is far more valuable than all of ours put together,” Richard exclaimed.
Josephine cursed under her breath. She knew she could not have children, but this was not the time or the place to divulge such personal information.
“Alright, I’ll stay, but trade me rifles... yours is piece of crap,” she remarked. When Richard leaned forward to make the trade, she kissed his cheek and then whispered, “Do not assume to know everything about everyone. I will stay and protect the others, but you must promise me that you will be extra careful.” 
“I will,” Richard replied, wondering what she meant by her previous statement, but smart enough not to ask about it in front of the others. Instead, he just gave her an apologetic look, and then headed off.
Josephine looked on as the four men disappeared into the woods. No one had ever dared to challenge the Augs on their home turf, but she felt a certain comfort in knowing it was Richard who would be leading the attack. There was something about him that she could not explain. An unseen force that drew people to him, brought out their strengths, and then forged an unbreakable bond. Josephine had not known Richard for very long, but she felt connected to him and hoped he would return.
Once the war party had marched southwest for a few miles, Richard stopped to check the digimap.
“Are we lost?” Mitch joked, knowing how keen his sense of direction was.
“No, but I would like to take a few moments to go over the route I have planned out,” he replied. Matt and Ethan finished taking sips from their hydration packs and then came over to view the map.
“To minimize our chances of encountering Aug patrols, I want stay up in the mountains as long as possible. To accomplish that, we’ll have to follow the old pack trails along the eastern side of the continental divide until we reach the north fork of the Sun River. From there, I believe the safest route is to follow the Sun River east towards Great Falls. If you look at the zoomed in view on the map, it appears that there is plenty of overgrowth along the river’s banks until we reach the farmland outside of the city. From there on, it looks spotty and we might have to travel at night,” Richard remarked.
“How far away is the Sun River?’ Ethan asked.
“I think it will take us eight to ten days to get there if the weather cooperates and the terrain isn’t too rough. After that, it’s a four day hike to Great Falls,” Richard said optimistically.
Once everyone was finished looking at the map, Richard put it back in his pack and they continued southwest into the mountains for several more hours.
When they finally intersected a smaller trail heading south near Apikuni Mountain, Richard pulled out the map and inspected it for a moment.
“Is everything alright?” Matt asked.
“Yeah, I just wanted to make sure we’re above 8,000 feet before we stop for the night,” he replied.
“Are we?” Ethan asked as he looked over his shoulder at the map.
“We’re pretty close, maybe we’ll go a bit higher just to be sure,” Richard replied, knowing that the Augs could not patrol higher elevations due to their extreme sensitivity to altitude, a weakness Richard exploited whenever possible.
After travelling another quarter mile up the eastern flank of Apikuni Mountain, Richard stopped above the tree line on a small flat area suitable for camping. The men quickly took off their packs, eager to rid their shoulders and backs of the burdensome weight.
“I think this is far enough,” Richard remarked as he tossed his bedroll down onto the dark red ground. It was an uncomfortable mixture of rocks and gravel, but he was so tired that it didn’t prevent him or the others from falling asleep.
The next morning Richard noticed several itchy welts on his arms and legs and a chill ran down his spine the moment he realized they were from mosquito bites.
“Are you alright?” Matt asked as Richard frantically dug through his pack in search of the pouch Aria had given him.
“I was bitten last night,” Richard replied as he dumped a scoop of fern powder on his tongue and then choked it down dry.
“Didn’t you take some yesterday?” Matt asked as he glanced over at him.
“Yeah, I took it with some water before I went to bed,” he replied apprehensively.
“Then you’re covered... don’t worry about it,” Matt insisted.
“Does the fern powder always work? Richard asked as he nervously scratched at the itchy red bumps.
“As far as I know,” Matt replied nonchalantly. Richard nodded and then when Matt wasn’t looking, he took another pinch of the fern powder and gagged it down. Within minutes his stomach started to gurgle and he couldn’t stop salivating.
“Take it with food next time so you don’t look like you’re rabid!” Matt joked when he noticed Richard was foaming at the mouth.
“I just want to make sure I don’t get infected,” Richard replied after he wiped his mouth with a piece of tissue.
“That’s understandable, but don’t eat too much of it. It’s not exactly good for you,” Matt remarked.
“Aria never said it was dangerous,” Richard questioned.
“It’s toxic in high doses, but the real problem is that it causes miscarriages,” Matt revealed.
“All the time, or does it just increases the risk of having one?” Richard asked.
“If a woman is taking the powder, she can’t have children. That’s why I volunteered. I want to start a family when this is over,” Matt said in a tone that indicated he wasn’t going to elaborate on his statement.
“What about you Ethan, is that why you volunteered?” Richard asked.
“No, I just want to prove to everyone that I’m capable of taking care of myself. When you’re the youngest member of a clan, you get babied, and I’m tired of it,” he replied. Matt instantly started sucking his thumb while looking over at Ethan. “See, what I mean?” Ethan added.
“Well, you kind of set yourself up for that,” Richard said with a grin. “But in all seriousness, I promise each of you that I will not give up or give in until the production facility is destroyed, or I’ve died trying. I hope that the significance of this endeavor is not lost on individualistic goals, because the very future of humanity is riding on our success,” Richard said in a stern tone. The men looked away without saying anything in return. Richard’s comment had effectively killed the lighthearted mood, replacing it with the stark reality that humans were teetering on the brink of extinction.
Chapter 5
The alpine trees started to give way to more temperate vegetation as the men crossed the eastern side of Squaw Mountain and descended towards Marias Pass. The pass was a long narrow valley that ran east and west, crossing over the continental divide. It was one of just a few locations spanning several states where a highway linked both sides of the Rocky Mountains without climbing above eight thousand feet. Richard knew the road would be heavily traveled by the Augs and slowed his pace as they neared the pass.
“Why are stopping?” Matt asked when they paused behind a cluster of trees that overlooked the exposed highway below them.
“I think we should wait until dark to cross,” Richard suggested. A moment later a convoy of trucks appeared in the distance and he motioned for everyone to crouch down. As the trucks passed by, Richard used his binoculars to look them over as they ascended the hill one by one.
“What are they transporting?” Mitch inquired.
“I don’t know, they look like cattle trucks,” Richard replied as he handed Mitch the binoculars.
“They’re full of bodies!” Mitch exclaimed, as he quickly handed back the binoculars so Richard could take a look. Richard increased the power setting and then gasped.
“Are they human or Aug corpses?” Mitch asked.
“Human,” Richard replied in low voice.
“Are you sure?” Mitch questioned.
“Yeah… it looks like they are mostly children, and they appear to be severely disfigured,” Richard replied in disgust.
“What do you mean they’re all disfigured?” Mitch asked.
“Shush,” Richard scolded, but Matt overheard them and came over to see what they were talking about.
“What’s in the trucks?” he asked.
“Just some dead bodies,” Richard replied in a normal tone, hoping to downplay the event.
“Let me see,” Matt said, sensing that something was wrong. Richard reluctantly handed him the binoculars and then motioned to give them back. A split second later Ethan grabbed the binoculars from Matt and caught a glimpse of the disfigured corpses before the last truck crested the pass.
“What the hell were those?” he asked in a frightened tone.
“I don’t know,” Matt replied.
“They must have had some kind of accident in Great Falls,” Richard suggested.
“Oh,” Ethan replied, seemingly satisfied with his answer. Matt and Mitch knew it was something much more sinister, but they didn’t question Richard’s explanation in front of Ethan.
After the trucks were gone, Richard and the others moved further back into the woods so there was no chance they could be seen from the highway. Every so often a patrol would pass by, but the men just patiently waited for the sun to go down.
Once the sky started to dim, the mosquitoes came out and whenever one got close to Richard or Mitch, they frantically swatted at it.
“You’ll get used to it,” Matt commented with a chuckle.
“I suppose,” Richard replied in an uneasy voice.
“Is it dark enough to cross the valley?” Mitch asked, seemingly eager to get away from the buzzing mosquitoes.
“Yeah, let’s meet up on the other side by the trees,” Richard suggested as he cautiously headed down towards the roadway. After making sure there weren’t any headlights in the distance, he ran across the quarter mile gap to the other side. Mitch followed a moment later, then Matt, and finally Ethan crossed.
“How far are we going tonight?” Matt asked after he caught his breath.
“I was hoping to reach the eastern saddle of Goat Mountain. It’s about five miles from here,” Richard replied. In truth it was over seven miles away, but he wanted to get as far away from the road as possible before stopping for the night.
“Okay,” Matt sighed as they continued on.
After a few hours the pace slowed and it was obvious that everyone was getting tired from having traveled all day and part of the night.
“Hang in there… it’s just a little further,” Richard said in an effort to keep them going. 
“I’m sorry, I don’t think I can do much more,” Ethan said in a sleepy voice.
“Okay, there’s a creek just over this next rise. I promise we’ll stop when we reach it,” Richard replied. Sighs of discontent echoed through the night air, but they marched on.
Once they reached Badger Creek, Richard took off his pack and set it on the ground. The others quickly followed suit, making sure Richard couldn’t change his mind about the stopping point. Then they tossed their sleeping bags on the moonlit grass and prepared for bed.
“I’ll take the first watch,” Richard announced after confirming they were still below eight thousand feet on his digimap. Unsurprisingly, none of the worn-out men objected. Richard sat on his sleeping bag, looking up at the crescent moon. Its haunting white glow made everything seem mysterious and cold. Richard clutched his pulse rifle as unseen nocturnal animals, and faint unidentifiable sounds played tricks on his weary mind. Every so often he would get up and search the area, but the patrols that had once scoured the lower wilderness areas for stray humans had become uncommon. Richard thought it was ironic that their dependence on the mosquitoes to infect the remaining survivors had actually made them more vulnerable. A situation he was eager to use to his advantage.
“How are you doing?” Ethan asked as he rose from his sleeping bag midway through the night.
“I’m cold and tired,” Richard replied with a yawn.
“Then get some sleep... I’ve got it from here,” he offered.
“Thanks,” Richard said in a weary voice.
After Richard had gone to sleep, Ethan circled around the camp to stretch his legs while keeping an eye out for Augs. As the night wore on, a dark wall of clouds slowly obscured the moon and it started to snow. Ethan went over to his pack to retrieve a small blanket, and then curled up with it on his sleeping bag. As the snow gently fell from the sky, Ethan stuck out his tongue and tried to catch the larger flakes. A few landed as intended, but more often than not, the flakes found their way into his an unprotected eyes, briefly stinging whichever one it fell into. Ethan gave up catching the snow with his tongue, and settled for observing the flakes as they landed on his sleeve. He was surprised to find that every snowflake had a distinctive pattern of its own. It was something he remembered being told in school, but he had never actually observed in person. As the night wore on, he made up other games to pass the time. Eventually, a faint glow on the horizon signaled the start of a new day.
“It’s morning,” Ethan announced as he gently nudged each of the men with his foot. The men dusted the snow off of their sleeping bags, and slowly got up. It was cold, but the morning sun warmed them as they ate breakfast.
“How much further is it to the headwaters of the Sun River?” Matt asked after finishing a meal of dried berries and flat bread.
“Four days,” Richard replied without even looking at the map.
“That’s not too bad. If all goes well, we should be back home in a couple of weeks,” Matt exclaimed.
“That’s what I’m hoping for,” Richard replied.
“What’s your plan once we reach the production facility?” Matt asked.
“We all know that when Augs are threatened, they instinctively retreat out of self-preservation. So, when we bust into the production facility, I want everyone to shoot anything that moves, or looks important, to maximize the shock and awe of the attack. The more damage we do the better. The instant the Augs realize we are there to kill the parent worms, they will do everything in their power to stop us. Just as worker bees are willing to die trying to protect their queen, I believe the Augs will do the same for their parent worms. Preservation of the species trumps self-preservation every time, and there is no reason to believe that won’t be true for the Augs as well. It’s also imperative that we find and kill Dr. Stone, otherwise he can create new parent worms for them,” Richard emphasized.
“So it’s do or die?” Ethan asked.
“I’m afraid so. If you’re not up to the task, then feel free to go back now,” Richard offered.
“I’m not a coward,” Ethan replied indignantly.
“The fact that you have come this far already proves you are not. I just want every one to understand that we must kill the parent worms, and Dr. Stone, to end their reign. Anything less means their retched species continues on, and ours does not. This is truly a fight to determine who is the dominant species,” Richard insisted.
Chapter 6
Four days after crossing Marias Pass, the men dropped down into an expansive valley that stretched eastward towards the high plains.
“Where are we now?” Matt asked as he knelt down to refill his hydration pack in the creek.
“We’re at the north fork of the Sun River,” Richard replied.
“Not much of a river,” Matt said as he tried not to laugh at the pitiful little stream that was only a few inches deep and less than a foot wide.
“I know it doesn’t look like much, but it will take us all the way to Great Falls. When we reach the plains, in another thirty miles or so, we’ll need to be extra cautious. Down there, we will have to avoid inhabitants around the small towns and watch for patrols. If an Aug sees us, we have to make sure it doesn’t get away, otherwise the whole mission could be blown,” Richard insisted. Everyone nodded in agreement, but the warning was primarily directly at Ethan. Richard was pretty sure that his youthful exuberance was indicative of someone who had never killed an Aug. It wasn’t a prerequisite to be an assassin, but Richard wanted to make sure that everyone understood what was expected of them. He knew that regardless of the mission’s outcome, they would all have blood on their hands before it was over.
The gentle slope of the river valley was a welcome change from traversing the high mountain passes. As they continued along, small streams would join into Sun River, and before long it had grown from a trickle barely worthy of a name, into a fast flowing torrent of water. At times it flowed along silently, and in other places it roared like a lion as it jutted down through rocky crags or over large boulders. It was a picturesque river, the kind that made Montana seem wild and free. When they stopped for the night, Mitch fashioned a spear out of an aspen branch, and used it to catch a couple of small brown trout. The fresh fish was a welcome change from the dried elk and mealy grains that they had brought along.
Over the next few days the men continued down the river covering twenty or more miles each day. The river eventually slowed and broadened as it flowed into Gibson Reservoir. Richard and the others followed along the northern edge of the reservoir until they reached the dam on the eastern side.
“Any sign of the enemy?” Ethan asked as Richard paused near the spillway to survey the area below with his binoculars.
“No, it looks clear to me, but after we drop down out of the foothills, we’ll be out on the plains where we’ll be more exposed. I think we should cut down across the hill adjacent to the spillway, and then rejoin the river at the base of the dam,” he suggested.
The men cautiously shuffled down the hill single-file careful not to slip and fall on the steep incline. No one wanted to be responsible for the failure of the mission by getting injured before they reached their target. As they descended, the trees thinned out, and were replaced by a thick prickly brush, that made it hard to reach the riverbank. Richard could hear the men cursing as the thorns cut into their exposed flesh.
“Use your rifle to push back the limbs,” he said, while demonstrating it with the rifle Josephine had lent him. He felt bad scratching it up, but every cut or injury could spell disaster if it became infected.
By midday, they came across a smaller second reservoir and Richard paused to inspect the map.
“What’s up?” Mitch asked after seeing the perplexed look on his face.
“This reservoir is not even on the map,” he remarked.
“Would you like me to go on ahead and check it out?” Mitch offered.
“Sure,” Richard replied. A few minutes later, Mitch returned to report what he saw.
“There’s a steep drop off at the spillway. Beyond that it’s all farmland. The Augs have cleared everything right up to the base of the mountains. I guess they are trying to produce as much food as possible for their bloated population,” Mitch said with a frown.
“Great, they’re reproducing even faster than we expected.” Richard remarked. “Did you happen to see if there is an easy way down from here?”
“Yeah, on the left side of the reservoir there is a cluster of crags and boulders that we can use to reach the bottom. After that we will be out in the open until we cut back over to the river,” Mitch reported.
“Alright, let’s head down and see how much further we can go before nightfall.” Richard led the way followed by Mitch, Ethan, and Matt. The crags were narrow and steep, and the rocks were covered with a slimy green moss that made the descent especially tricky. Each man stayed several feet apart so that if one of them slipped, it wouldn’t result in a chain reaction. Richard and Mitch emerged first, followed shortly after by Ethan.
“Where’s Matt?” Richard asked.
“I think he’s having some trouble getting through the patchwork of boulders below the crags. Some of the openings between them are pretty tight,” Ethan replied.
“Does he need help?” Richard asked.
“No, I think we should leave him alone. He was cussing up a storm after slipping on the moss further up,” Ethan remarked.
“Alright, let’s wait for him under that large cottonwood tree,” Richard suggested. After a few minutes Matt came stumbling out of the boulder field covered from head to toe in bright green moss.
“Are you oaky?” Richard asked, trying not to laugh at his hulk-like appearance.
“I’m fine, but I think an Aug spotted me coming down that last exposed part,” he replied sounding frustrated by the mishap.
“Are you sure?” Richard asked.
“Yeah, I’m sorry. I didn’t even notice him out in the field until it was too late.”
“How far away was he when he saw you?” Richard asked.
“Pretty far,” Matt replied while pointing in the direction of the field. Richard immediately pulled out his binoculars and peered through them.
“Oh crap! He’s coming this way. Everyone head over to the river and hide!” Matt and Ethan immediately ran to the river’s bank and dove under a large cluster of interlocking logs left behind from the spring floods. Richard and Mitch darted along the river bank until they found a low spot overgrown with brush. Richard ducked down where he could still see out towards the farm, while Mitch dropped down behind him where the brush looked thicker. A moment later, Mitch realized the lush vegetation was growing over a hidden spring and as he tried to back up, the thin topsoil gave way. He immediately started sinking into the underlying mud and grabbed Richard’s leg.
“What are you doing?” Richard said in coarse whisper.
“I’m stuck,” Mitch whispered back.
“Stop moving and be quiet! The Aug is getting close!” Richard replied in a gruff voice just loud enough for Mitch to hear him. Mitch nodded, but the mud continued oozing its way up his pant leg. When it reached his midsection, he jerked forward and the Aug instantly noticed his movements.
“Who’s there?” he demanded looking down towards the riverbank. When no one answered, the Aug started kicking rocks into the brush with his foot in an effort to flush them out. Richard slowly tilted his pulse rifle up wards until he saw the Aug’s head in the crosshairs, then he gently squeezed the trigger. The Aug fell to the ground and then rolled down the bank of the river, coming to rest just a few feet from Mitch. Mitch reached over and grabbed the corpse, using it to pull himself out of the mud. Then once he was free, he pushed the Aug over into the spring and covered him over with mud.
“That was close,” Ethan remarked, seemingly thrilled by the close call.
“Let’s hope there aren’t any more,” Richard replied as he looked out over the field with his binoculars.
“Good job Matt. If you hadn’t been so slow coming down those crags, the Aug would have never seen you,” Mitch said in a snide tone as he tried to dislodge some of the mud from his underside.
“Screw you, you dumb redneck. You’re the one that was squirming around like a little girl because a little mud touched your junk,” Matt replied angrily.
“Knock it off!” Richard scolded. “We have to work together or we’re never going to make it.” Matt and Mitch looked down and then apologized under their breath.
“Thank you!” Richard replied. “Now let’s move down river a little so we’re not so close to this damn farm. Then the both of you can wash off while we wait until it gets dark.”
While Richard continued down the river, the men quietly followed after him. They all knew that he was upset by the close call with the Aug, but he seemed even more annoyed by the squabbling.
Once Richard finally cooled down, he stopped near a group of elm trees that overlooked the river on one side, and also provided a panoramic view towards the east. Mitch was the first to take advantage of the break. He went down to the river, stripped down to his underpants, and then rinsed the mud off his skin and clothes. Matt went a little further up stream where he scrubbed the moss off his clothing. Meanwhile, Richard and Ethan relaxed in the shade and had a snack.
“What’s it like killing an Aug?” Ethan asked.
“It’s hard the first time,” Richard said, pausing long enough to choose his words carefully. “Although they look human, you must see them for what they really are, soulless bodies controlled by a parasitic worm. When you look through your riflescope, don’t focus on the face looking back at you. Instead, imagine that slimy little worm hiding behind a façade that only looks human, but is not. Then pull the trigger,” Richard suggested. Ethan put his food away and went down to the river to get some water. Richard wasn’t sure if his talk helped or not, but it was truthful either way.
“I see you got all of the mud off,” Richard remarked when Mitch came over and joined him under the trees.
“Yeah, it washed right out. I just hope my clothes dry out before it gets dark,” he replied.
“They should… You know, if you want to take a nap, go ahead. It’s going to be a few of hours before we head out again,” Richard suggested.
“Okay,” Mitch replied as he stretched out on a soft sandy patch of the riverbank and closed his eyes. Matt and Ethan found their own lounging spots, and before long, everyone was napping except Richard. While the others were resting, he kept an eye out for Augs while entertaining thoughts about Josephine. She obviously liked him, but his feelings were conflicted. The loss of his wife still haunted him, as did the fear of getting attached to somebody new, only to see her taken away just as his heart was beginning to mend. 
Chapter 7
Richard woke the men once it was dark, and after they collected their things, they continued down along the river towards Great Falls. It was an easy hike, and the waning moon provided just enough light to guide them, without exposing them. Richard kept the pace brisk, and only stopped a couple of times to check their progress on the digimap.
“How far are we going?” Ethan asked.
“I want to reach highway 287 before daybreak,” he replied. No one argued with the aggressive timeline, fueled by the realization that each passing mile brought them closer to their goal.
Richard seemed relieved when they reached the highway before dawn. It was a lonely stretch of road that ran north and south, crossing the Sun River a few miles up from the town of Augusta. Richard used the night vision mode on his binoculars to scan the area for a suitable place to hide. In the distance he saw an abandoned house next to a large dilapidated barn that appeared to be abandoned. 
“I’m going to investigate the buildings across the road, cover me,” he said in a ‘stay put’ tone before heading over to the farm. When he reached the barn, he cautiously peered in through an opening in the doors. The structure looked sound from the outside, but inside he could see that the roof had fallen in from years of neglect. “Darn it,” Richard muttered under his breath before heading over to the old farm house. A brief inspection of it revealed that it too was so badly damaged that it wasn’t safe to go inside. The only structure left was a small out building near the road that was almost completely covered over by vines. Richard reluctantly walked over to check it out not really expecting it to work out. As he pulled back the vines to look inside, he noticed there was a small root cellar attached to the side of it. After pulling open the rusty metal door, he peered in with his flashlight. The root cellar seemed structurally sound, and he slowly descended into the musty room. The smell of rodent urine permeated the air, while cobwebs and dust covered nearly everything from floor to ceiling. Richard batted at the webs to keep them out of his hair as he investigated the dank cellar. After a quick look around, he returned to the surface and flashed his light at the men indicating that he had found a suitable hiding place. The men quickly crossed the road and made their way over to the cellar. Once everyone was inside, Richard nervously peered out from a small window near the top of the cellar when he heard a vehicle in the distance. As it drew nearer, the morning light outlined what appeared to be an armored patrol approaching from the south. Richard immediately motioned for everyone to turn their flashlights off while he looked on.
“That was close,” he muttered under his breath as the transport passed by without slowing down.
“What was that?” Mitch asked.
“We just missed being seen by an armed patrol,” he replied.
“Well it’s a damn good thing you didn’t wait until the last minute to find a place for us to hide,” Mitch joked.
“Yeah, Yeah, I’ll try to find something before daybreak next time,” Richard replied.
“No you won’t. You like living on the edge, and you always push things as far as you can,” Mitch joked.
“I suppose that’s true, but you must like the adrenaline rush of close-calls and near misses, otherwise you wouldn’t have volunteered for this crazy mission,” Richard asserted.
“You might be right, but I bet Matt and Ethan would prefer to play it a little safer,” Mitch said as he elbowed Richard.
“I trust you guys,” Ethan remarked.
Matt did not reply, seeming preoccupied with clearing a spot on the floor so he could go to sleep.
“Good grief this place stinks!” Matt remarked, as he crawled into his sleeping bag.
“Yeah, but it’s better than being captured,” Ethan replied.
“I suppose,” Matt grumbled as he pulled the bag over his face in an effort to filter out the stale air. 
Ethan unrolled his bag and got inside while Richard and Mitch placed their bags on the floor near the entrance. Then they positioned their pulse rifles alongside their sleeping bag for easy access before going to bed.
The cellar was dirty and smelly, but the four of them had no trouble falling asleep after being up all night. Every so often a vehicle would pass by on the highway, temporarily waking up Richard, but when the sound faded, he quickly fell back to sleep. His thoughts took him back to the settlement, where Josephine was waiting to greet him with open arms. There was something about her he could not ignore, something almost spiritual. It was the same feeling he had felt when he first met his wife Mikala. He missed her, but she had not adapted very well to living as a fugitive. She had often told him to leave her, saying he should, ‘move on and find happiness’, but Richard could not forsake his vows. “For better, or for worse,” he would always reply when she went on one of her fatalistic rants. It was meant to be supportive, but it would only make her angry at him. Their relationship had always been a rocky one, but after their children were taken, things deteriorated. It was as if the glue that held them together was gone. Richard tried to encourage her, promising that things would eventually get better, but they never did. It was a painful lesson that hope alone was not enough to sustain them, and in fact, had actually served to deceive them.
As the daylight began to fade, the men slowly woke from their slumber and then packed up their things. Matt seemed especially eager to leave the stench-filled cellar behind, which made Richard wonder if he was a little claustrophobic.
“Oh thank god we’re out of that hole,” Matt remarked as he took several deep breaths to clear his lungs.
“It was pretty bad,” Richard admitted, as they crossed the road and then headed down to the relative safety of the river. 
Richard paused long enough to fill his hydration pack and then continued east. It was a solemn night, clear and cool. The moon hung high in the night sky, shrouded off-and-on by passing clouds. Ethan kept looking at the river suspiciously as the pale light reflected off the water, creating a variety of haunting shapes. The distant cackle of a coyote spooked him and he sped up until he was as close to Matt as possible.
“Back-off,” Matt scolded. Ethan frowned and then moved up the line until he reached Richard.
“Did you need something?” Richard asked.
“No, I just didn’t like bringing up the rear. That’s the guy who always ‘gets it’ in the movies,” Ethan said in timid voice.
“No problem, it is kind of eerie out here now that we’re in enemy territory. I find it peaceful up in the mountains, but down here it’s a bit unsettling,” Richard remarked.
“Yeah, I never was one for creeping around in the dark. I prefer lots of light,” Ethan said as he glanced up at the moon.
After several hours of brisk walking Richard finally stopped to check their progress on the map.
“Where are we?” Ethan asked as he was staring over at the faintly illuminated device in Richard’s hand.
“We’re a little west of Simms. I think we will reach it before daybreak, so keep a sharp eye out for Augs as we near the town. We may have to veer north to avoid detection if Simms is inhabited,” Richard added.
“Should one of us scout ahead?” Ethan asked.
“That’s a good idea. Do you want to do it?”
“No,” Ethan replied instantly. “I don’t see all that well in the dark.”
“I understand,” Richard remarked.
“I’ll do it,” Mitch offered, after overhearing their conversation.
“Thanks,” Richard said as Mitch disappeared into the darkness.
“Why don’t you like to do the scouting?” Ethan asked.
“I don’t mind doing it, it’s just that Mitch is the best damn tracker I have ever seen. The odds of him being detected by the Augs are next to none,” Richard admitted.
“In our clan, Matt is the best hunter,” Ethan remarked.
“That will come in handy when we run out of food on the way back,” Richard said half joking.
After a few minutes Richard noticed Mitch making his way back in the shadows. Then when he realized Mitch was trying to sneak up behind Ethan, he flashed his light at him.
“Awe man, why did you blow my cover?” Mitch said in a disappointed tone.
“Save your stealth for the Augs. Besides, it’s not prudent to startle a man holding a weapon,” Richard added.
“Good point,” Mitch acknowledged.
“Since you’re goofing off, am I to assume the town is devoid of Augs?” Richard asked.
“Yeah, it’s completely abandoned.”
“Can you tell how long it’s been like that?” Richard asked.
“I don’t know… it’s kind of hard to tell in the dark, but from what I could see, it’s not a recent event,” Mitch replied.
“Interesting, I guess we should head into town and look for a place to hide before daybreak,” Richard suggested.
When they reached the town, Matt and Mitch started looking at abandoned houses on one side of the street while Richard and Ethan searched the other.
“Are you looking for something in particular,” Ethan asked when he noticed Richard didn’t seem to be looking for a place to hide.
“Yes, there’s a rumor that a group of soldiers who escaped augmentation buried some weapons and food nearby,” Richard revealed.
“So what exactly are we looking for?” Ethan asked as he shined his flashlight all around the interior of the house.
“I don’t know? A clue or sign that might lead us to their hiding spot.”
“Like that?” Ethan asked as he shined his light on the wall behind Richard illuminating a dusty American flag that was hanging over an inscription that read, “We shall prevail, Troop E, 163rd regiment of the Black Horse Troopers; 47:29:10N - 111:55:55W.”
“Holy crap, that’s got to be it!” Richard said in a burst of excitement.
“What do you think the numbers signify,” Ethan asked.
“It looks like a code. If you don’t mind, run across the street and tell Matt and Mitch to come over here, maybe one of them will know what the numbers mean.
A few moments later Matt and Mitch came running in and then stared at the wall. 
“Any ideas?” Richard asked in an optimistic tone.
“Yeah,” Mitch replied. “Those are latitude and longitude coordinates, part of an old positioning system that was replaced by GPS navigation. If you can find an old topo map, it will have a number grid on the axis that should correspond to those numbers.”
“It’s a good thing we brought a redneck pilot with us, isn’t it?” Richard said as he looked over at Matt.
“I get it,” Matt remarked as he started looking around the house for a paper map. A few minutes later he returned from a back room holding a large faded green piece of paper.
“Is this what you need?” he asked as he handed it to Mitch.
“Yeah,” Mitch replied as he laid the paper out and used his fingers to see where the gridlines intersected.
“Is that close by?” Matt asked, while shining his light on the map where Mitch’s fingers had stopped.
“It looks like it’s just a mile south of here,” he replied.
“Let’s go see what the Troopers left us,” Richard suggested.
Mitch led the way, using the map as a guide while Richard brought up the rear so he could keep an eye out for any stray Augs. The coordinates led them to a tiny knoll that was no more than a mile outside of the town. Mitch, Ethan, and Matt searched the knoll carefully while Richard continued to keep watch.
“There’s something over here,” Matt yelled out, holding up a rusty piece of chain that mysteriously disappeared in the sandy soil. Mitch and Ethan ran over to help him pull on it, but whatever it was attached to didn’t budge.
“Richard, there aren’t any Augs around. Come help us,” Mitch said while holding up the end of the chain.
“Okay,” Richard replied, taking one last look around before setting his rifle down.
“One, two, three, pull,” Mitch said as they dug their feet into the soft soil. The chain went taut, and then a large concrete slab slowly slid open, revealing a bunker below them. Mitch dropped the chain and then shone his flashlight down into the dark hole. The beam of light revealed the bunker had several shelves along the wall partially filled with canned food and bottles of water.
“Shine it further back,” Richard said as he caught a glimpse of something near the rear of the bunker. Mitch immediately illuminated the back of the room and Richard’s eyes lit up when he saw several large dark green wooden crates stacked on top of each other.
“What do you suppose is in those?” Mitch asked.
“Something useful I hope,” Richard said as he tested the rusty ladder with his foot. 
“I’m the lightest, let me go down first,” Ethan offered when he noticed the rung bending slightly from Richard’s weight.
“Are you comfortable going down there?” Richard asked.
“Yeah, just hold my light so I can use both hands,” Ethan replied.
Once he stepped on the ladder, it creaked a little, but he continued down it. When he reached the bottom he went over to the crates and wiped the dust off of the top one.
“It says; ‘Property of the United States Government; Ordinance, Class 1.1, High Explosives’.
“Look on the side of the crate, and tell me what it says,” Matt yelled down to him.
“Grenade: anti-personnel, blast radius twenty meters, date code twenty-eight,” Ethan replied.
“Damn, those are powerful little buggers,” Matt commented under his breath. “Open the crate and see how many are in there.”
“Okay,” Ethan replied as he pulled out his all-tool to pry at the edge of the lid. “There are a dozen of them,” he remarked.
“Toss one up to me,” Matt ordered.
“Is it safe to do that?” Ethan questioned.
“Yeah, just don’t pull the pin first,” Matt joked. A split second later a round orb came up from the bunker and Matt caught it in his left hand. 
“Are they training grenades, or the real thing?” Richard asked.
“Oh, they’re real,” Matt remarked, recognizing it was nearly identical to the grenades he had used on a live-fire range back in basic training.
“I think we should each take a few, they could come in handy when we reach the production facility,” Richard suggested.
“What’s in the other crate?” Mitch asked.
“Let me check... um guys... you’re not going to believe this, but I think we hit the jackpot,” Ethan announced with excitement.
“What is it?” Matt asked impatiently.
“A dozen brand new Raptor XR600 pulse rifles!”
“Let me see one,” Matt asked in an eager voice. Ethan climbed up the first few rungs on the ladder and then handed one to him. Matt immediately turned on the power button and aimed it at a small brick shed just south of the bunker. “Is it okay if I give it quick test?” he asked as he looked over at Richard.
“Okay, go ahead…we need to know if they work before taking them,” Richard said after scanning the area with his night vision. Matt squeezed the trigger and a brilliant flash of green light lit up the night sky, followed by a deafening explosion and shockwave that knocked all three of them backwards.
“What the hell!” Richard exclaimed as he got up and dusted off his pants. 
“I’ve never seen a pulse rifle do that before... have you Matt?” Mitch remarked.
“No,” Matt said as he looked down at the weapon in amazement.
“I think we had better head back into town and hide. That blast might have caught some Augs’ attention,” Richard said nervously.
“Should we try one of the grenades before we go?” Matt asked.
“No!” Richard replied sharply. “Let’s save those for the production facility.” 
“Grab some more rifles and grenades,” Matt said as he peered into the bunker.
“Okay,” Ethan replied.
“Don’t you want one of the new rifles?” Matt asked as Ethan handed several up to him.
“Yeah,” Richard sighed. He felt a little guilty leaving her pulse rifle behind, but he knew she would want him to have the very best equipment available if it increased the odds of success.
“Damn, these are lighter than our old rifles,” Mitch commented as he slung one over his shoulder.
“Why did the Black Horse Troopers leave all this stuff behind?” Matt asked.
“I heard it was their emergency stash, but after the mosquitoes were unleased, I don’t think they wanted to risk coming back for it,” Richard surmised.
“Well, we’re going to put the stuff to good use,” Matt exclaimed as he helped Ethan out of the bunker.
“Let’s put the lid back on it, and resupply if the attack is successful,” Richard suggested.
“Are we coming back here?” Matt questioned.
“If we can,” Richard replied with a lack of enthusiasm. Matt let the issue go, but he didn’t feel that Richard was putting too much planning into the return trip.
When they reached Simms, the sun was on the verge of cresting the horizon so they hastily hid in a large house near the edge of town. Once inside, they spread out in the various rooms and made themselves at home. Richard found a queen bed in one of the smaller rooms of the house. After double-checking that the streets were vacant through a broken window, he proceeded to remove the dusty top sheet off the bed. Then he flipped the pillow over and curled up on the mattress. After spending so much time camping on the hard ground, it was a welcome change.
Later that day, Richard was awakened by a creaking sound of footsteps in his room. When he opened his eyes, he saw two yellow speckled orbs peering back at him. The Aug immediately jumped backwards when he realized Richard was a human, and then started to yell for his comrades. Richard immediately pulled the blanket back and blasted the Aug mid-sentence. The shockwave from rifle blew Richard off the bed and knocked him unconscious for a moment.
“What happened?” Matt asked as he and Ethan came running in from their respective rooms.
“There are more Augs outside! Don’t let them get away!” Richard yelled. The two men turned and ran out of the house in pursuit while Richard used his rifle as a cane to get back on his feet. A moment later he heard several shots and went out to see if Matt and Ethan were alright.
“We got ‘em,” Matt said in a seditious tone.
“There you guys are,” Mitch remarked as he came out of the house seeming unaware of the event.
“Nice of you to join us,” Richard said with a smirk.
“Sorry... what did I miss?” he asked.
“Three Augs came snooping around. I shot one in the house and Matt and Ethan got the other two,” Richard replied.
“I guess we should have posted a guard,” Mitch said with a yawn.
“We will from here on out, but for now I think we should head down to the river and see if we can find a better place to hide until dark,” Richard suggested.
“Do you think we’ll run into any more patrols?” Ethan asked.
“I don’t know, but the closer we get to Great Falls, the greater the risk.
“I’m a little nervous about this mission,” Ethan admitted.
“So am I, but you would have to be a fool not to be worried. Like I said from the very beginning, this is going to be a risky mission with no guarantee of success,” Richard said with a concerned look on his face. The men knew exactly what he meant, the only guarantee was that they might not make it back alive.
Chapter 8
The group was within forty miles of Great Falls by dawn and they decided to camp on the bank of the Sun River in a spot that was heavily overgrown. Richard pulled out the digimap and stared at it as he debated on the best route to the production facility.
“Hey guys, would you mind coming over and taking a look at this?” he asked as he set the map down so everyone could see it.
“What’s up?” Matt questioned.
“We need to decide if it would be better to swing south and cross the Missouri River by the bridge near the small town of Ulm, or attempt to swim across it closer to Great Falls. What would each of you prefer?” Richard asked as he looked over at Matt first.
“I would rather cross at Ulm,” Matt replied.
“What do you think Ethan?”
“I’m not a strong swimmer, so I vote for the bridge,” he responded.
“How about you Mitch?”
“The Missouri River is too wide to safely cross at night. The swirling currents could easily turn one of use around, and without even realizing it, you might end up back on the same side of the river that you started from.”
“Alright, we’ll head south tonight and cross at Ulm,” Richard said as he put the map away. “In the meantime, I’ll take the first watch,” he added.
While Richard kept guard, the men took naps. Everyone seemed restless, tossing and turning repeatedly. Richard wasn’t sure if it was anticipation and nervousness affecting them, or the fact that the river bank offered little comfort compared to the soft beds they had left behind in Simms.
“Why don’t you take a break,” Mitch offered.
“Thanks,” Richard replied as he went over to his pack and retrieved his sleeping bag.
A few hours later when it was nearly dark, Richard woke up, but feigned sleeping when he heard Matt and Ethan whispering about the mission.
“After we destroy the production facility, the Augs will be all over us,” Matt complained. “It’s not like they’re going to let us walk out of there alive.”
“Have a little faith,” Ethan replied. “I’m sure Richard has a plan to get us out of there safely.”
“I don’t think so…this is a one-way trip, and he doesn’t care if we are killed as long as the goal is achieved!” Matt insisted.
“I don’t believe you... Richard and Mitch might give their lives to make sure the mission succeeds, but they won’t jeopardize ours,” Ethan said in a defensive tone.
“Why don’t you ask him how he plans to get us out of there after the attack. Then you’ll see I’m right when he dances around the question without answering,” Matt replied.
“I will,” Ethan said as he walked off.
Richard continued to feign sleep as he thought about what Matt had accused him of. In part it was true, but he thought he had made it perfectly clear that sacrifices might have to be made and lives might be lost. Matt was correct about one thing, Richard would do whatever it took to stop the Augs.
After a few minutes Richard yawned and then rose to his feet pretending that he had just woken up. He felt somewhat defensive, but said nothing to Matt or Ethan since he didn’t want them to know he had been eavesdropping.
“Where’s Mitch?” Richard asked as he looked around.
“I think he needed to use the bathroom,” Ethan replied.
“Okay, when he gets back, let’s head out,” Richard suggested.
A few minutes later Mitch reappeared and quickly put on his pack when he saw everyone else was ready to go. Richard led the way, heading east across the open farmland towards Ulm. When they reached the outskirts of the town Richard stopped and pulled out his binoculars. Unlike Simms, the town was well lit and occupied by Augs.
“What’s the plan?” Ethan asked in a whisper.
“We’re going to have to wait here a bit, there are still several Augs out on the streets,” Richard replied.
“Are they patrols?” Matt asked.
“No, there’re not armed... I think they are just residents.”
“Can you see the bridge?” Ethan asked.
“Yeah, but unfortunately we have to go down the main street to reach it,” Richard said as he watched the last few Augs go into their homes. “Alright, it looks like they have gone in for the night. Tuck your weapons under your packs so they are not in plain view, and we’ll cautiously head for the bridge.” The men walked confidently and in unison as they proceeded into town. Richard hoped that they would be mistaken for Augs if they acted robotic and appeared to be heading somewhere important. When they approached the first residence, they could see an Aug peering out from behind a curtain.
“Don’t look at them,” Richard said in a low voice as they continued straight ahead. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the curtain slowly close and his heart started pounding a little less violently. When they reached the midpoint of the town, several more Augs peered out at them, but they quickly lost interest assuming the men were Augs. With each step their confidence grew until they reached the bridge. The Missouri River was briskly flowing some twenty feet below them, and with less than fifty feet to go, a pair of headlights suddenly appeared on the other side of the road heading straight for the bridge.
“Climb over the railing and hide on the underside!” Richard ordered, hoping they would not been seen by the oncoming vehicle. The men quickly jumped over the guardrail and grabbed hold of the cables that spanned the support girders. The bridge began to shake and vibrate as the vehicle crossed overhead. No sooner than it had crossed, a second vehicle came onto the bridge, followed by yet another. Richard could feel his fingers going numb from the vibration, and then he heard a loud splash in the river below him. In the dim bridge lights, he saw Ethan flailing in the water as the current started to carry him north. Richard instantly let go and plunged into the cold water after him. When he surfaced, he could see Ethan a few yards downstream, struggling to stay afloat.
“Hang on, I’m coming!” Richard yelled, unsure if Ethan could hear him. A moment later Ethan briefly disappeared from sight and when his head bobbed up again, Richard grabbed hold of his shirt.
“Stop kicking, you’re going to drown us both!” Richard yelled, but Ethan continued to flail about wildly.
“Stop struggling or I’m letting go!” Richard shouted. The kicking slowly subsided, and Richard wasn’t sure if Ethan had heard him, or drowned. It took several minutes for Richard to reach the shore, and when he did, he pulled Ethan out of the water and rolled his limp body over. Then he forced a breath of air into Ethan’s lungs and slapped his pale face in an effort to revive him. Ethan immediately started coughing up water while Richard held his head to the side to help him clear his lungs.
“Thank you,” Ethan replied after recovering from his near death experience.
“That’s alright,” Richard remarked. “The current was much stronger than any of us could have predicted.
I’m sorry I wasn’t able to hang on to the bridge longer,” Ethan said apologetically.
“It’s okay, I don’t know how much longer I could have held on myself,” Richard said in a reassuring tone.
“Did Matt and Mitch have to jump off too?” Ethan asked.
“Yeah, they dropped into the water shortly after we did. I’m sure they will find us before long.”
“I lost the pouch of fern powder that was in my pocket when I fell into the water,” Ethan admitted.
“Don’t worry about it, I brought enough for several people,” Richard replied.
“Thanks, I’m sorry that I’m messing everything up.”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself,” Richard said in a fatherly tone. “How upset can I be with you or anyone else who has volunteered for this crazy mission? After all, you’re risking your life to help others,” Richard said in an appreciative tone. 
“I just want to make a difference,” Ethan said as he rubbed his hands together for warmth.
“Follow me,” Richard remarked as he walked over to a secluded location on the riverbank. Then he set his pulse rifle on the lowest power setting and shot a large boulder several times until it started to glow.
“That’s a neat trick,” Ethan commented, as he sat down next to the rock and put his hands out to absorb the heat.
“Yeah, it doesn’t work on all rocks, some of them shatter from the thermal shock, but river rocks are tougher than most and can usually take the abuse.” 
“Shush,” Richard whispered when he heard a faint sound in the distance. “Arm your pulse rifle, I think someone is coming.” Ethan instantly powered up his rifle as they anxiously waited to see if it was their friends or an Aug approaching. 
“It’s Matt and Mitch,” Richard said in a calm voice as he put his night vision binoculars down. Then he used a dove call to get their attention. 
“Damn, I’m glad you saw us,” Mitch said as he and Matt rushed over to them.
“Yeah, we got lucky,” Richard replied. “After we dry out, we should head further down river and look for a better place to rest before the sun comes up.”
“How far away is the production facility?” Ethan asked.
“Just fifteen more miles, we’ll reach it tomorrow if all goes well,” Richard said with a sigh of relief.
“What do you think the chances are that we all escape after the attack?” Matt asked as he side-eyed Ethan. 
“Well, we’ve made it this far without being captured or killed, so I think the odds of reaching the facility are really high at this point,” Richard replied.
“No, that’s not what I meant. What are our chances of getting away once we finish shooting up the place?” Matt exclaimed.
“I have a few ideas, but I need to see the facility before I plan our get-away,” Richard replied. Matt immediately elbowed Ethan and gave him the, ‘I told you so nudge’, but Ethan did not respond. Richard knew exactly what Matt was up too, but he decided it was better to ignore his attitude rather than challenge it. In truth, he really didn’t care if Matt was prepared to make the ultimate sacrifice or not, as long as he helped get him to the production facility. He knew that Matt might change his mind about the attack, but as long as Ethan remained loyal, he wouldn’t leave. It was dangerous enough to be in the Augs’ territory as a group, but being alone was suicide.
After a few hours of walking along the riverbank, Richard noticed a faint glow on the eastern horizon and he headed into a dense stand of trees. The men followed after him and settled in as the dawn broke. There was little hope of sleeping, as they could not escape the incessant buzzing of mosquitoes. The best they could do was cover as much exposed flesh as possible and wait for the morning to pass.
By midday, all but the most persistent mosquitoes had retreated from the heat and the men could finally sleep in relative peace. Richard dozed in and out as he listened for intruders. His brief dreams played like clips from a movie. Some of them brought up characters from his past while others seemed to be glimpses into the future. One particular dream ended with a massive explosion followed by blinding white light and searing heat, but Richard couldn’t tell if was the Augs or the humans that had unleashed the apocalyptic blow.
Chapter 9
As the sun sank into the western sky, the mosquitoes returned in full force. They were a constant reminder that they were deep behind enemy lines. Richard slapped at one of the insidious pests that was biting his neck before walking over to wake the others.
“It’s time to get going,” he said in a low voice. Once the men had readied their packs, they headed northeast along the river. The night sky had an eerie glow as the city’s lights cut through the darkness and made them all feel vulnerable and exposed. To make things worse, parts of the river were illuminated by the streetlights that lined the roadway above them. Richard hung as close to the riverbank as possible, but the overgrowth that had offered them such superb concealment for most of their journey had become sparse and erratic. Richard feared that they might be seen if they went any deeper into the city so he abruptly stopped behind a small thicket and pulled out his map.
“The production facility is near the river approximately seven miles ahead. I’m concerned that the river bank is too exposed for a direct approach,” Richard said with a disappointing sighed.
“What are our options?” Ethan asked.
“We can turn back and try to reach the facility from the south by crossing Gibson Flats, or we keep going northeast as planned and play it by ear,” Richard suggested.
“How much further would it be if we crossed at Gibson Flats?’ Ethan asked.
“It will add an extra day to get there,” Richard replied.
“Then I think we should continue on as planned,” Ethan remarked. Both Matt and Mitch nodded in agreement and Richard put the map away. The occasional vehicle passing by on the roadway above them made everyone jumpy and uncomfortable. To make matters worse, the noise from the river flowing next to them drowned out their ability to hear if an Aug was anywhere around them. At one point, Richard wanted to run the last few miles just to get it over with, but he knew that would only increase their risk of detection.
When they reached a narrow drainage ditch that headed directly towards Malmstrom, Richard paused to look at the map one last time.
“What is it?” Ethan asked as he came up alongside him.
“This is it. We’re less than a mile from the facility now,” Richard replied in an anxious voice. Ethan tried to gulp down the lump in his throat, but it persisted. A moment later Matt and Mitch joined them and Richard held out the map so they could see where they were on it. Then they continued up the ditch until they came to a u-shaped concrete storm drain that ran under the perimeter fence.
“This is the point of no return,” Richard said in an ominous tone. “Ethan and I will go first. I want you to follow us, but stay back a bit so we don’t create a target-rich zone if we’re discovered. 
“Okay,” Matt and Mitch each replied. Their nervousness was not lost in the darkness, and despite the risks, they forged on. Richard still had his reservations about Matt’s level of commitment, but at this point he felt it was too late for him to turn back.
“What’s that smell?” Ethan whispered to Richard as they crawled up the drain.
“I think it’s a dead animal,” Richard whispered back.
“Wonderful, what’s next, piles of garbage or raw sewage?”
“Neither, I hope,” Richard replied.
A few moments later, Richard felt a tug on his pant leg and he paused to see what Ethan wanted. “I don’t think this is water draining out of this ditch,” he said in a concerned tone.
Richard dipped his finger into the stream of effluent flowing next to them to see if he could tell what it was. The residue felt oily and thick and he slowly lifted his hand to his face to inspect it in the moonlight. For a moment he was perplexed as the dark viscous liquid slowly crept down his finger, then he suddenly realized what it was.
“Damn it! It’s decomposing blood! Don’t touch it!” he said with a shudder.
“Gross,” Ethan replied as he scooted over as far as he could from the rancid flow. Richard looked back over his shoulder and then motioned for Matt and Mitch to avoid putrefied ooze. Then he continued on, hoping to find a discrete way up and out of the nasty ditch. The smell however, only continued to intensify, but there was nothing he could do. The drain appeared to be the only way in.
The four of them continued along until the drain backed to a large open depression adjacent to a tall multi-story warehouse. The warehouse was perched at the edge of the depression and Richard was certain the derelict building was right across from the main production facility.
“How do we get inside?’ Ethan asked, as the pre-dawn sky was slowly beginning to light up their position. 
“We’ll have to climb up that pile of debris next to those trucks to gain access into the warehouse,” Richard replied. 
“Is that the only way up to it?” Ethan asked, seemingly reluctant to climb the heap of unidentified garbage.
“Unfortunately I don’t see any other way up,” Richard replied. “The hole we’re in is fenced on both sides and where the trucks came down into the depression is blocked by a gate,” he added.
“Alright, lead the way,” Ethan replied. Richard headed over to the pile and then started to climb up it. With each step his feet sank into the spongy mass, releasing a foul bouquet of putrid odors. He immediately covered his nose and mouth in an effort to block out the overwhelming stench as he continued higher. When he reached the halfway point, a motion sensing light suddenly came on and Richard froze in his tracks. Not because of the light, but rather because of what it illuminated. The pile he had mistakenly thought was rubbish was actually a mass of decomposing corpses identical to the ones he had seen on the trucks crossing Marias Pass. Richard immediately vomited up a mixture of water and partially rehydrated elk jerky as he looked down at his feet. The bodies were small, disfigured, and many of them had multiple heads. It was an unsettling sight, compounded by the realization that they were genetically modified children. Richard cursed under his breath as he waited for the motion light to turn off.
Once it did, he waited several minutes to see if any Augs had noticed the light. When it was evident that the mishap had gone unnoticed, Richard slowly backed down off the pile of death until he was out of the light’s range.
“What was that?” Mitch asked as he and Matt came over to see what happened.
“I set off the motion light and discovered that the pile of what I thought was rubbish, is actually corpses,” Richard said with disgust.
“Human or Aug?” Matt asked.
“Human... mutated victims of the good doctor, I suspect,” he replied as an image of a Nazi era concentration camp flashed though his head. 
“What are we going to do?” Ethan asked as he held his nostrils closed.
“I’m sorry, the only way in is through the back warehouse,” Richard explained.
“We’re not climbing over that pile of dead bodies are we?” Ethan said in an unsettled tone.
“I’ll help guide you so you can keep you eyes closed and cover your nose,” Richard offered.
Ethan nodded, but if it were not for the poorly light sky, the tears on his face would have given the truth away.
“Now, who has an accurate throwing arm?” Richard asked.
“Mine is pretty good,” Matt volunteered.
“Okay, I want you to get as close to the pile as possible, and then try to hit the motion sensor with a ball of mud. Once the sensor is covered over, we should be able to get into the warehouse without being seen,” Richard said optimistically.
Matt nodded and then headed over towards the pile. As he drew nearer, the smell intensified to the point where he couldn’t take it any longer. He stopped for a moment and reached into his pocket. Then he pulled out a small piece of paper, tore it in two smaller pieces, and rolled each one into a small ball. After stuffing them into his nostrils, he slowly approached the pile and knelt down to scoop up a handful of blood soaked mud. Careful not to trip the light, he slowly inched his way up the pile until he was confident he was in range, and then threw the mud ball at the light. A split second later, the fragile bulb shattered into a thousand pieces. It wasn’t what he was aiming for, but the desired outcome was the same.
“Nice shot,” Richard commented as he led Ethan towards the pile. Each of them tried to ignore the disgusting squishy feeling under their feet as they proceeded, but with each step the bloated bodies expelled trapped gasses and discharged rancid fluids. Their stomachs turned as they quickly moved towards the rear of the warehouse. Richard was the first to make it to the top pulling Ethan up with him. They both never felt more relieved to be standing on solid ground than at that very moment. Mitch was right behind them, followed by Matt, who had stopped several times to empty his stomach along the way.
The smell inside the warehouse was only marginally better than outside, but they were thankful to be away from the corpses. Richard pulled out his flashlight and held his hand over the end so that only a tiny beam of light got through. Then he began looking around the warehouse for a place to bed down while the others regained their composure. What became immediately obvious to him was that despite the outward appearance of distant abandonment, the inside of the warehouse had been renovated into a state-of-the-art cloning facility. At one end of the building there were embryos in holding tanks filled with some kind of amniotic fluid, and at the other end, there were nearly completely formed children with multiple heads. Richard felt the hatred and rage welling up inside him as he examined one of the tanks more closely. From what he could tell by the level of decomposition, the Augs had only recently abandoned the site.
When he returned to check on the others, Ethan seemed almost shell-shocked by the place and stood motionless staring at a two-headed body crumpled up on the floor not far from where they had entered. 
“What have they been doing here?” he said, covering his mouth as though he might become ill at any moment.
“Turn your disgust into rage and your rage into action. This is why we must stop them at all cost, ” Richard remarked as he pushed the disfigured body out of the back of the warehouse, and then closed the door.
“They have no right to do this to us, it’s barbaric,” Ethan added.
“I know, and that’s why we’re going to make them pay,” Richard promised.
“Hey guys, the lower level looks a lot more habitable,” Mitch remarked after returning from the floor below them.
“Okay, lets’ check it out,” Richard replied.
The area was sparsely lit by a small window that was letting in a sliver of light through a crack in the blacked out glass. The room had several rows of stainless examination tables, and large portable tanks. Luckily the tanks were empty and the area was free of bodies and far cleaner than the upper level where they had entered. When they reached the opposite end of the building there was another set of stairs that led further down into a dark basement. Matt paused at the top of the stairs while Mitch retrieved his flashlight and headed down.
“Aren’t you coming?” Mitch asked when he realized Matt was not following after him.
“I lost my flashlight in the river,” he replied.
“I’ll share mine with you,” Mitch offered as he waited at the bottom of the stairs, not wanting to venture too far by himself.
Matt slowly descended, and the two of them continued to explore the basement of the warehouse while Richard and Ethan waited for them to return.
“Has my nose stopped working, or is the air fresher down here?” Mitch said in a low voice.
“I think you’re right. There must be a ventilation system bringing in fresh air from somewhere,” Matt remarked. “We should head back and tell the others that we have found an even better place to hide.”
“Okay,” Mitch replied as they headed up one floor.
“What’s down there?” Ethan asked the moment he saw them.
“We found a large empty storage area that is the perfect place to hide and get some rest,” Mitch remarked.
“The best part is the air is fresh down there,” Matt interjected.
“Oh thank goodness,” Ethan said as he and Richard followed them down the metal staircase.
Once they reached the storage area, they each picked out a spot to sleep for the day. Matt found a secluded area near some storage bins across from Mitch. Ethan put his pack down near Richard and then took a few sips of water to calm his stomach as he tried to forget about the horrific scene outside. Meanwhile, Richard left to trace the path of the fresh air. He discovered it was coming from a small ventilated utility room at the south end of the building just past a restroom. After gently prying off the locks on the door he saw that there was a narrow corridor that appeared to lead up to the surface at a forty-five degree angle. It was a tight fit, but he managed to squeeze past the steam and ventilation pipes and then followed the tunnel until it reached a steel door at the surface. The door had a robust lock on it, but the lock had been left open. Richard lifted the lock off the latch and then peeked out the door. In the distance he could see the production facility and several large hangers sheltering various military equipment. In addition he could see numerous Augs patrolling the grounds and stationed in guard towers along access points to some of the buildings. Richard slowly closed the door and placed the lock back on it so it couldn’t be pulled open from the outside. Then he returned to the north end of the warehouse where the men were getting ready to sleep.
“What did you find?” Ethan asked.
“The fresh air is coming from an access tunnel that leads to the base and is virtually unguarded. After the sun goes down, we’ll scout out the area and hopefully we’ll be able to determine which of the labs Dr. Stone is currently working in,” Richard said with a twinkle in his eyes.
“If you find Dr. Stone, are you really going to kill him? I mean after all, he is still a human being?” Ethan asked innocently.
“Dr. Stone must die,” Richard said with a cold lifeless stare. “He is an evil, maniacal narcissist that would butcher his own mother if he thought it would further his cause. You have seen his work first hand, cloned children tossed out like garbage because his multi-headed experiment failed. Mosquitoes that infect unsuspecting survivors, turning them into mindless zombies, that’s the real Dr. Stone.”
“Are we sure he is helping them voluntarily?” Matt asked.
“I am positive. He always thought that augmentation was the next step for humans. I don’t know what kind of deal he has worked out with the Augs so that he doesn’t have to be implanted, despite the fact he lives with them. Maybe they’re afraid that if they implant his brain with a worm, it might cause a loss of memory and then he wouldn’t be able to engineer more parent worms. Whatever the reason, he is clearly helping them, and as a result, he must be killed. It’s the only way to stop him from simply creating new parent worms for them somewhere else. If any of you have a problem with what must be done, speak up now. Otherwise, he and the parent worms must be destroyed as planned.” The room fell silent as Richard looked at each of them for a moment before continuing on. “Good, I’m glad we all agree. By the way, I noticed there is a restroom on the other side of the warehouse in case any of you want to clean up before bed.”
Ethan immediately headed over to it. Once inside he tested the faucet. “Oh thank the heavens,” he muttered under his breath as a steady stream of clear water flowed into the sink. Then he removed his blood-stained boots and placed them into the water and started scrubbing. “I hope I never have to see anything like that again,” he mumbled as the water turned various shades of red before disappearing down the drain. After he finished cleaning up, the rest of the men took turns using the bathroom.
“This might interest you,” Matt said with a grin as he handed Richard a folder stamped, “CONFIDENTIAL” in red letters across the top of it. 
“What is it?” Richard asked.
“Take a look… I found it in one of the bins next to my bed,” Matt replied.
Richard held up his flashlight and read the title of the document, “Evolutionary Advancements in Homo Sapiens using Biological Augmentation, by William Paladin Stone, PhD.” Richard immediately turned to the page with Dr. Stone’s article and started reading it. “Homo Sapiens have reached the terminus of their evolution through natural and other selective pressures. In order for the species to further evolve, it will require biological or cybernetic augmentation. While cybernetic augmentation is still many years away, biological augmentation has a more practical timeline and would be the most cost effective route to achieve soldier performance objectives. Biological augmentation has the added benefit of being easier to market since cybernetics are often portrayed in a negative light in popular culture. I have outlined my preliminary findings and offer this proposal for your department’s consideration…” Richard closed the folder and then handed it back to Matt.
“Don’t you want to keep it?” Matt asked.
“No, like I said, I’m all too familiar with his work… but it is nice of him to provide us with something to wipe our backsides with when the occasion is right,” Richard said with a smile. Matt chuckled and threw the folder back in the bin it came out of.
“Was there anything else of interest in the bin?” Richard asked as he prepared to illuminate it with his flashlight.
“No, the rest of the stuff is just office emails and other junk,” Matt replied.
“Well, good night then,” Richard said as he went over to his sleeping bag and got inside.
“When do you think we will attack the facility?” Ethan asked in an anxious tone.
“I don’t know. We still need to do a little recon work before we formulate the battle plan. Don’t worry though, we won’t stay behind enemy lines any longer than we have to,” Richard added.
“That’s good to hear,” Matt interjected in a somewhat sarcastic tone. Richard was getting tired of Matt’s little digs, so he sat up for a moment as he thought about the best way to come at the issue.
“I just want everyone to know how much I appreciate what you have done so far. It has been a long hard journey, and each of us has, and will continue to make sacrifices before this is over. However, I do not believe our efforts will be in vain, and the fact that we have made it this far already proves that we are on the right path. In the next few days we will have the opportunity to take advantage of our enemy’s greatest weakness, their complete and utter failure to recognize humanity’s ability to adapt and overcome. So let’s all get some rest and when darkness falls, we’ll plan their demise,” Richard said with unwavering determination in his voice.
Chapter 10
Richard woke shortly after sunset and quietly made his way over to the end of the utility tunnel. After removing the lock, he gently pushed on the large metal door. As he did so, the door creaked and an Aug started coming in his direction. Richard quickly powered up his pulse rifle and ever so slowly pulled the door closed. Then he held it shut as tightly as he could, hoping the Aug would not test it. A moment later he felt the handle jiggle and then the door started to open against his will. Richard let it go and the door swung open with so much force that it hit the Aug in the forehead and knocked him out. Richard immediately grabbed the Aug and dragged him inside so he would not be seen. Then with a swift thrusting motion, he snapped the Aug’s neck. After disposing of the body, he retuned to the doorway and peered out. On the right side, there were three rows of hangers housing military tanks and jets. Most of the hardware was dirty and showed signs of neglect, with the exception of a lone helicopter which was clean enough to reflect the base’s halogen lights. Richard knew that the Augs couldn’t use the aircraft, due to their sensitivity to altitude, so he knew Dr. Stone had to be at the facility.
After a few minutes of looking around, Richard pulled out his binoculars and selected NV mode to see into the areas that were not well lit. Then he made a note of the location and relative distance between each of the key buildings. Of particular interest was a large structure adjacent to the aircraft hangers that had several large vertical vents on the roof indicating it was designed to release insects into the air. Richard figured that was for the mosquitoes, and made a mental note to destroy it before leaving. 

“What are you doing?” Mitch whispered as he quietly approached from behind.
“I was just checking out the facility,” Richard whispered back.
“I see you started without us,” Mitch remarked in reference to the dead Aug laying on his side just inside the doorway.
“Sorry about that, you can have the next one,” Richard joked.
“So what’s the plan?” Mitch asked.
“The facility is a lot bigger than I remember, but I think we might have found the source of the infectious mosquitoes,” he said while handing the binoculars to Mitch.
 “Yeah, that’s an odd looking building,” Mitch remarked.
“My thoughts exactly. Did you also notice the helicopter?” Richard asked.
“I did, it’s an older Sikorsky… a UH-60M, if I’m not mistaken.”
“You’ve flown those, haven’t you?” Richard asked optimistically.
“I’m not a pilot anymore,” Mitch remarked in a coarse whisper.
“Come on Mitch, you were the best damn pilot around when I met you.”
“That may have been true before the accident, but please don’t ask me to fly. I won’t do it, not for you, not for anyone,” Mitch asserted.
“Alright, but if you change your mind, it would be a beautiful way to make our escape.” Mitch shrugged his shoulders and then continued to stare at the olive drab chopper for a moment. Richard wasn’t sure if he was reconsidering his request, or thinking about the tragic event that took his brother. It was a time when Mitch and his brother both drank to excess and ignored the rules. Their reckless behavior led to disaster, and after the crash, Mitch swore he would never drink or fly again.
“I’m done,” Mitch said as he handed the binoculars back to Richard.
“I am too,” he replied as he put the binoculars back into his pack.
“So you have a plan?” Mitch asked.
 “Yes, the production facility containing the worms can only be accessed via the catwalks that connect to the outer labs. Therefore we’re going to have to bust in through the labs at the ground level and make our way through them and up the catwalks to the production facility,” Richard whispered in a low voice.
“Why don’t we just blast through the outer wall of the production building using a couple of the grenades?” Mitch asked.
“We need to locate Dr. Stone before he realizes the facility is under attack, otherwise he could escape. I’m confident he will be in one of the labs, and that’s where we’ll strike…” before Richard could finish his sentence, a floodlight unexpectedly came on outside of one of the labs. A moment later, a slender figure emerged and casually walked over to the helicopter. Richard quickly pulled out his binoculars, but he could not tell if the individual was Dr. Stone, or some random Aug prepping the chopper for him. As he looked on, the unidentified individual mulled around the outside of the chopper for a few moments, and then jumped into it. By the time Richard realized it was actually Dr. Stone, and got his pulse rifle powered up, the chopper had already disappeared into the night sky.
“Son of a bitch!” Richard cursed in an angry voice. “That was Dr. Stone!” His voice echoed into the distance and floodlights suddenly started coming on all over the base. Both men dropped to the ground as the Augs suddenly rushed out from their guard post near the central building. Then they looked on nervously as the Augs scurried about randomly, uncertain what direction the noise had originated from. For several minutes they circled around the main complex before going over to search the hangers. After inspecting that area, they finally returned to their posts and the floodlights went off.
“That was close,” Mitch said as they slipped back inside the tunnel and closed the door.
“Yeah, I’m sorry about that,” Richard said apologetically “I was disappointed that we missed our chance to get Dr. Stone. At least we know for certain that he is still working here and while we wait for his return we can plan out our attack.”
“Where were you guys?” Ethan asked seemingly relieved to see them.
“Mitch and I wanted to take a quick look at the base, but we need to do a little more detailed recon before we attack,” Richard explained as he illuminated the sketch he had drawn.
“Are those tanks?” Matt interrupted as he gazed down at the poorly drawn diagram.
“Yeah, do you know anything about them?” Richard asked.
 “I had my share of practice driving them in the reserves,” Matt replied arrogantly.
“Are you willing to sneak over and take a look at them… maybe we can use one to make our escape?” Richard said in a hopeful tone.
“Sure,” Matt replied, seemingly surprised by his suggestion.
“Is that a helicopter?” Ethan asked.
“It is,” Richard replied as he glanced over at Mitch.
“I already told you I’m not flying the damn chopper,” Mitch replied.
“That’s fine, but maybe you could assist one of us, so we could fly it out of here if the tank idea doesn’t work out?” Richard suggested.
“It’s not like driving a car… you can’t just learn to fly in ten minutes.” Mitch replied while rolling his eyes. A gesture largely lost in the dim light of the warehouse.
“Does the helicopter have an auto pilot?” Ethan asked.
“Yes, it has a 4-axis fully-coupled autopilot, but it’s only meant to assist you once you’re in flight. It won’t take off or land for you, and you have to program in the altitude and heading as pilot-selected reference values before it will even engage. You’d crash long before I got the auto pilot programmed,” Mitch replied in an irritated tone.
“Alright, alright, we get the point,” Richard conceded. “Let’s wait and see what Matt has to say about the tanks after he goes out.
“What do you want me to do?” Ethan asked.
“Stay close to us, we may have to run out and provide cover fire if Matt gets caught out in the open,” Richard replied.
“Alright,” Ethan said, clutching his pulse rifle like it was going to fly out of his hands at any moment.
The three of them followed behind Matt and then waited silently as he crept through the shadows towards the hangers. The guards remained at their post near the central building and up on the catwalks, peering out every so often in a predictable manner. A foot patrol canvased the area around the labs every five minutes, but they never ventured near the warehouse. Richard wondered if the smell from the corpses was keeping them away. Whatever the reason, it was a welcome break, and the guards kept their distance.
After a few minutes, they saw Matt returning from the hangers, pausing every so often to avoid detection.
“What did you find?” Richard asked anxiously once he reached them.
“One of the tanks has a tiny bit of fuel in it, but I doubt it’s enough to even get us off the base. The power cell has a partial charge, so I think the tank will start and run, but again, we won’t go far unless we find some more fuel for it,” he reported.
“Are the weapon systems operational?” Richard asked.
“The tank has to be running to access the weapon controls, but it’s an independent system that is not tied to the mechanical functions.”
“What does that mean?” Richard asked.
“It means the weapon control panel may have been locked-out by the last user. If that’s the case, we won’t be able to fire the tank’s weapons, but it still would be drivable. Again, I won’t know until I start it up,” Matt replied.
“So you are confident you can operate the tank, but we need more fuel, and the weapons system may, or may not be locked out?” Richard asked.
“Yep, but the armor on the tank is sound, so unless the Augs have RPGs, it’s impervious to their small arms fire,” Matt added.
“What type of fuel does the tank require?” Richard asked.
“Diesel. If you like, I can go back out and try to find some for it?” he offered.
“Alright. We’ll keep you covered in case a guard spots you. Just remember, once the shooting starts the mission is blown, so kill as many Augs as you can and then head for the labs. The rest of us will meet up with you there. From that point on, try and destroy as much of the facility as possible with the grenades. With Dr. Stone absent, we will not achieve all of our goals, but at least it would cripple them and allow our escape,” Richard remarked. Matt nodded and then headed back out. Everyone kept a close eye on his movements as Matt entered one of the hangers and disappeared from view. A few moments later a dark figure ran out from the hanger and into the open tripping a floodlight. A guard on top of the catwalk immediately drew his weapon and fired at the figure before it could run for cover. Richard and Mitch gasped while Ethan held his hand over his mouth to prevent from yelling. Mitch aimed his pulse rifle at the guard and started to pull the trigger.
“Wait!” Richard said in his ear. “Let the smoke clear, it looked too small to be Matt.
“You’re right,” Mitch whispered a moment later as the floodlight revealed a small charred animal smoldering on the ground. “I thought that was Matt,” he added.
“I wasn’t sure myself, but Matt’s a big guy,” Richard remarked.
The light went off after a few minutes and Matt quickly made his way back to the utility tunnel, seemingly shaken by the near miss.
“What the hell was all that about?” Matt questioned once they were safely back inside.
“You scared an animal out of the hanger, and when it ran into the open, a guard opened fire. We thought it was you for a moment,” Richard added.
“Thankfully not!” Matt replied as he wiped several beads of dirty sweat from his brow.
“Did you have any luck finding more fuel?” Richard asked.
“No the animal incident cut my search short, but I did get a good look at the larger building with the vents in the roof. It’s full of water tanks and there are billions of mosquitoes buzzing around inside of it.”
“I knew it. That must be where they inoculate the mosquitoes with the larvae,” Richard added with a hint of vengeance. “For now, we might as well head back into the warehouse and wait for Dr. Stone to return. Who would be willing to take the first watch?”
“I will,” Ethan replied.
“Okay, but be sure to notify me immediately if you see Dr. Stone,” Richard insisted.
“I will,” Ethan said. “You don’t have to worry about me, I’ll come get you if I see anything important.”
“Alright, one of us will be back to relieve you in a few hours,” Richard replied as he and the others headed down the tunnel towards the warehouse.
“Ethan has come a long way,” Mitch remarked as they walked along.
“Yeah, I thought so too,” Richard replied. “He’s a good kid.”
“How long have you known him for?” Mitch asked as he looked over at Matt.
“He joined our clan about a year ago. I think he was going to college before the Augs took over and I also remember him saying something about taking care of his grandfather. I’m not positive about that,” Matt said as he went over to his sleeping bag to relax.
“I think I’m going to take a break too,” Mitch remarked with a yawn.
“Alright,” Richard replied. “I’m going to work on the attack plan a little more.”
“You can rest too, goodness knows you deserve it,” Mitch added before slipping into his sleeping bag.
“I will, I just want to go over the plan in my head a few more times,” Richard replied as he stared down at the diagram he had drawn. 
After an hour of mulling it over, he finally succumbed to sleep deprivation and snoozed off without realizing it.
Matt woke up first, and after stopping at the restroom, he proceeded down the utility tunnel to check on Ethan. When he reached the metal door, Ethan was nowhere to be seen. “Ethan? Where are you?” he said in a low voice, hoping to find him. “Damn it!” he muttered to himself after thoroughly searching the tunnel and the area just outside the door. “Ethan?” he called out a couple more times as he retraced his steps, reluctant to tell Richard.
“What’s wrong?” Richard asked as intercepted Matt at the end of the tunnel.
“Ethan’s missing!”
“Oh crap! Richard said as he ran through the tunnel in search of him.
“I looked everywhere,” Matt said in a worried tone as he followed after Richard.
“Did you look outside?” Richard asked when he reached the door. 
“I did, but I didn’t go too far,” Matt replied.
“Damn it!” Richard remarked when he noticed a fresh pool of blood on the ground in the pre-dawn light.
“What are we going to do?” Matt asked.
“It’s getting light, so we have to choose between waiting all day for the sun to go back down in order to search for Ethan, or make the most of the deteriorating situation and attack the facility now. If the Augs have captured Ethan, I’m afraid they will torture him until he talks. This might be our last chance to attack before they figure it out,” Richard said with a look of disappointment.
“I want to wait until nightfall and then look for Ethan some more,” Matt replied sternly. “He might have gone out to look for some fuel, and can’t get back without being seen.”
“I would love to wait, but if that’s his blood on the ground, then he didn’t just go out for a stroll. Once the Augs realize he is not alone, the entire base will be searching for us,” Richard argued.
Matt lowered his head for a moment and sighed, “Alright, I’ll go get Mitch and then we’ll attack.” While Matt was gone, Richard noticed Dr. Stone’s helicopter was parked near the hanger and he knew there was no turning back.
A few minutes later Matt returned with Mitch, and they paused at the opening to the base so Richard could go over the plan one last time.
“I want you and Mitch to take out the four guards up on the catwalks, while I shoot the ones near the central building. Then we’ll all run across to the lab facing us and blast open the rear doors with the pulse rifles. Once inside, I want the two of you to stay close to me while we search for Ethan and Dr. Stone. They are probably going to be in one of the labs since that’s where Dr. Stone’s test equipment is. If he has Ethan, the first thing he’ll do is test Ethan to see why he was not infected by the mosquitoes. Matt, I want you to cover the rear as we move from lab to lab. Mitch, I want you to provide cover fire as I clear out the labs. It’s imperative that we move quickly so that we can find and kill Dr. Stone before he escapes or harms Ethan. After we finish sweeping the labs, we’ll need to cross over the catwalk to reach the production facility. Once inside of it, we’ll have to locate and destroy the parent worms. Then it’s a free for all. Do as much damage as possible, and don’t forget that we need to destroy the mosquito hatching facility on our way over to the hangers. From there, we’ll hijack the tank that Matt scouted out. Remember, we have superior firepower, so make the most of it,” Richard said as he powered on his pulse rifle.
Mitch and Matt turned on their rifles and took careful aim at the guards up on the catwalk. On Richard’s mark they each fired two quick shots blowing the four guards off the catwalk. Richard took his shot and then ran out from the tunnel with Matt and Mitch following closely behind. As they neared the outer doors to the first lab, Richard lobbed a grenade at it and then waited for the explosion, before proceeding through the breech. Lights and sirens wailed in the background as Richard rushed through the building with Matt and Mitch right behind him. Pulse rifle blasts lit up the hallway as the three men opened fire on the Augs that were unlucky enough to get in their way. Richard led the charge, clearing one lab after another. He would hold his fire just long enough to make sure Ethan wasn’t in it, before blasting it to hell. The Augs could hardly even return fire, seeming confused and disoriented by the severity of the attack. The men wasted no time monopolizing on the chaos, destroying everything in their wake. Fire alarms blared behind them as the damaged labs burst into flames. Plumes of black smoke billowed high into the morning air as the assault continued. The men reached the final lab, but neither Ethan nor Dr. Stone had been located. 
“Where do you think they are?” Matt asked as they searched the lab.
“I wish I knew,” Richard replied. “Perhaps they’re in the production facility,” he added as they raced towards the catwalk. The instant Richard kicked the exit door open with his foot, he came under heavy fire and had to retreat back into the lab. 
“The Augs are trying to cut us off!” he yelled. 
“What the hell are we going to do now?” Mitch asked in a desperate tone, but before Richard could even answer, Matt opened the door and tossed two grenades out of it. A split second later the lab shook violently and they ran for it. The resistance from below the catwalk was light and they quickly crossed over to the production facility. Once inside, they immediately came under fire from a group of Augs guarding a room towards the center of the building.
“That has to be it!” Richard yelled out as he ran down the ramp towards them. The Augs intensified their fire and all three men were forced to duck behind a concrete partition at the base of the ramp to prevent from being killed. Mitch tossed a grenade in the general direction of the Augs, and within a few seconds a fierce shockwave reverberated around the domed shaped building. As soon as the percussion ended, the men got up and ran towards the room, killing the last couple of Augs guarding it. Once inside, they saw two long rows of feeding troughs with a dozen adult pigs looking shell-shocked from the explosion outside their room. Richard quickly fired a single shot into each pig in rapid succession until the last one was dead. Then he ran over and cut open the first pig’s abdomen and pulled out its guts. A large flat worm wiggled out of the eviscerated intestine, and Richard stomped it to death with his foot. Then he shot each of the pigs a second time in the mid-section to kill the parent worm living inside of them.
“We’d better get going!” Matt yelled out as a group of Augs rushed into the facility from the opposing side’s catwalk. Plasma blasts started blowing large holes in the walls of the pig holding area as the men hurriedly tried to escape from it.
“Follow me!” Richard shouted as bits of concrete and wood rained down on them. Matt and Mitch fired over their shoulders in an effort to keep the advancing Augs at bay while Richard led them towards the back of the building. When Richard had a clear shot at the outer wall, he opened fire, expecting it to crumble away so they could escape the production facility. 
“It’s reinforced!” Richard yelled out in frustration as he continued to fire at it.
“Are we trapped?” Matt asked with grave look on his face.
“Try to blast through with a grenade, we’ll cover you!” Mitch yelled back as he continued to fire at the hoard of Augs.
“We’re too close... the blast from it will kill us,” Richard yelled back.
“To hell with this!” Matt cried out as he tossed a little round orb at the wall. 
“Get down!” Richard yelled when he saw what Matt had done. A split second later a shockwave of searing heat scorched their backsides and singed their hair. Richard wiped the dirt and debris off his head and then looked back at the wall as his ears rang in unison. A tiny beam of sunlight cut through the dust and debris, revealing a small crack in the wall. Richard fired his pulse rifle at the weakened structure, causing the crack to spread concentrically until a small portion of the wall caved in. The men ran towards the opening while the Augs shot wildly in their general direction. Upon exiting the building, Mitch tossed his remaining grenades in behind him, and a rapid succession of explosions ended their pursuit. As the men passed by the mosquito facility, Richard lobbed a couple of his grenades in through a small window as he passed by it. Moments later, the resulting explosions blew the roof off of the building and sent columns of water several stories into the air. Richard smirked momentarily, until he saw several Augs run out of a guard shack on the far side of the production facility that he had failed to notice before the attack. 
“Head towards the hangers,” Richard shouted as Matt and Mitch followed after him. In the distance Richard saw a man in a white lab coat running to the helicopter followed by a figure that resembled Ethan.
“Stop!” Richard yelled out, but the men were too far away to hear him. A moment later the helicopter’s rotors started turning and the chopper quickly lifted into the air. Richard aimed his rifle at the helicopter and squeezed the trigger. When his weapon failed to fire, he turned and yelled, “Don’t let Dr. Stone get away! Take out the chopper!” Mitch paused momentarily to take aim at the aircraft, but before he could fire on it, he was shot in the back by one of the Augs chasing after them.
“Noooo!” Richard cried out, as his friend’s lifeless body fell to the ground. Matt immediately turned and fired at the Aug, killing him while Richard tossed his depleted rifle on the ground.
“Head for the tank, we’ll be safe in there!” Matt yelled as four more Augs raced towards them. Richard ran for the tank that was closest to them as pulse rifle fire whizzed past his head. As he was about to jump up onto the tank he heard Matt cry out, “I’m hit! Please help me!” Richard spun back around and sprinted towards Matt. He could see that his leg had been grazed, but the pulse rifle fire from the advancing Augs was blowing bits of dirt up into his face making it hard to reach him.
“Matt, throw me your rifle!” Richard yelled as he ran towards him trying to dodge the oncoming fire. Matt tossed the rifle into the air and Richard dove for it. As the Augs were about to shoot Matt at close range, Richard rose up on his elbows and shot the four of them in rapid succession. It was a miraculous feat that left Matt speechless.
“Grab my arm!” Richard ordered as Matt struggled to get up.
“Thanks for coming back for me,” Matt replied as they hobbled over to the tank.
“No problem, just get us off this base,” Richard replied as they dropped down into the armored vehicle.
“I’ll do my best,” Matt said as he feverishly pushed buttons until the tank’s engine started up. “We have to give it a few minutes to warm up; otherwise it will stall out, and these things are a real bastard to restart after that.”
“Okay,” Richard replied, as he slowly caught his breath. 
“I’m sorry about Mitch,” Matt said as he continued prepping the tank for combat.
“He was my best friend, and I’ll miss him,” Richard replied in a sorrowful tone. He felt the loss deep inside, but there had been so many losses, it was getting harder and harder to feel them individually.
“Crap, we have some company,” Matt announced. A moment later the tank started to rock back and forth as the Augs blasted at it from the outside. Richard could feel the heat radiating through the metal as it absorbed the energy from the pulse rifles.
“Can we fire back at them?” Richard asked, not enjoying the feeling of being a sitting duck.
“Let me see,” Matt replied as he powered up the weapons system. A second later a holographic display lit up giving him a 360 degree view of the area outside the tank. “You’re in luck, the system was not locked out by the last user. Just select a target on the display and then press the fire button after the acquisition light comes on.”
“Okay,” Richard replied as he touched the screen with an optical pointer. The turret rotated, locked onto the specified target, and then fired. The tank instantly recoiled, and the Augs immediately scattered after the blast.
“You should probably target the tanks next to us, so the Augs can’t use them,” Matt suggested.
“Good call,” Richard said as he selected them, one by one. Each time the main cannon fired, Richard would flinch as bits of metal rained down on their tank.
“Having fun?” Matt asked as he put the tank in gear and drove towards the perimeter fence.
“Yeah,” Richard replied. “So, how far can we get with the fuel that’s in it?”
“It looks like someone partially refueled it,” Matt said as he stared at the gauge to confirm the reading.
“I thought it was nearly empty?” Richard questioned.
“I thought it was, but now there’s enough in it to go a hundred miles or more,” Matt replied.
“Great, let’s head for Ulm,” Richard suggested.
“Isn’t Black Eagle a lot closer,” Matt remarked.
“It is, but I want to go back to Simms and clean out that bunker. That way we can take the extra pulse rifles and food back to the settlement with us,” Richard insisted.
“Why? We destroyed the production facility, and those weapons are way too powerful to hunt with.”
“That’s true, but if the Augs come after us, I want to be prepared.”
“I thought you said they won’t risk their lives unless they are mortally threatened or had to protect their species,” Matt questioned.
“I’m afraid that after seeing how resourceful we are, they will consider us a threat to their survival, and for that, they will come looking for us,” Richard said in return.
“That’s just fricken wonderful, you might have mentioned that before now,” Matt responded in an irritated tone.
“Come on, you know the battle isn’t over until Dr. Stone is killed. As long as he’s alive, the Augs have a way to create new parent worms and produce more larvae,” Richard remarked. Matt did not reply and seemed genuinely upset by the revelation.
“How long will it take us to get to the river?” Richard asked after a long silence.
“The tank has a top speed of 60 miles per hour, but it really burns the fuel when you drive it that fast. If we run it at 45 mph, we’ll reach the bridge in 15 minutes, and Simms in an hour or so after that. From there we might have enough fuel to make it most of the way back to the settlement if we run along the lower foothills,” Matt replied.
“That sounds good,” Richard remarked.
“What do think happened to Ethan?” Matt asked hesitantly.
Richard paused for a moment as he considered how best to answer the question. “I’m not sure, I think someone got on the chopper with Dr. Stone, but I’m not positive.”
“What? You told us to shoot the chopper down... and my best friend might have been on it?”
“I’m sorry, but sacrificing a few lives is a small price to pay to bring this nightmare to an end. Let’s not forget that the whole of humanity is at stake,” Richard contended.
“Risk your own life all you want, but don’t ask me to kill a friend or family member to further your cause!” Matt replied sharply.
“I’m sorry, but the benefits far exceed the losses. I would gladly trade my life or anyone else’s if it stops the Augs from eradicating humankind,” Richard insisted.
“You may get to fulfill your prophecy sooner than you think,” Matt muttered under his breath.
Richard knew that Matt didn’t care much for him, but now he sensed a new level of disdain that wasn’t there before. Matt continued driving, but without engaging in any further conversations. With nothing to talk about, Richard sat back and closed his eyes. He had been running on adrenaline for so long that he was simply too tired to argue with Matt over the merits of his actions. What was done was done, and the production facility and parent worms had been destroyed. It was not a success, but it was a good start.
After an hour the tank came to a stop and Richard woke to find Matt looking out of the hatch back towards the city. “What are you looking at?” he asked.
“Nothing…we’re at the bunker,” Matt replied in a stern tone that indicated he was still angry with him.
“I am sorry about Ethan, and I have been thinking about what you said. You are right, I don’t have the right to sacrifice other people’s lives, each person must choose what level of commitment and sacrifice is right for them. I apologize for misleading you, and I will not do it again. Please accept my apology,” Richard said in a sincere tone.
“Thank you,” Matt replied in a more civil tone. “I have also been thinking about what you said earlier, and a few lives to save what’s left is an acceptable trade off. However, no one should be forced into that position. Each person must be allowed to choose their own destiny.”
“I agree,” Richard admitted. “It’s been a tough journey, but I do not believe that our losses have been in vain. We have dealt the enemy a decisive blow, and with a little luck, maybe we’ll still find Ethan and Dr. Stone.”
“I hope so... and by the way, thanks again for saving my life back there,” Matt said as he looked away.
“Don’t mention it,” Richard replied as he followed Matt over to look for the chain.
“I found it,” Matt replied as he hooked it to the front of the tank.
“What do you want me to do?” Richard asked.
“Just wait here while I pull the concrete lid back off the bunker.” 
“Alright,” Richard replied as he stood out of the way.
“Is that enough?” Matt yelled out.
“Yes, I’m going down to retrieve the remaining rifles and some food”.
“Okay, unhook the chain on your way down. We don’t need to cover the bunker up if you’re going to empty it out this time,” Matt remarked.
“Got it,” Richard replied. “I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
Richard cautiously descended the rickety ladder into the bunker, but before he could get to the crate of rifles, the ground started to rumble. He quickly ran back up to the opening, only to see Matt driving off in the opposite direction at full speed. 
“Where the hell are you going?” he shouted out at the top of his lungs, but the tank continued to accelerate away. A split second later there was a thunderous boom from the east and he instinctively ducked down. After a moment he cautiously peered out from edge of the bunker and saw a column of four tanks coming from the east. Richard pulled out his binoculars and looked at the tanks in disbelief. He thought they had destroyed all the tanks back at the base, but these were newer looking.
“Damn it,” he muttered under his breath as the enemy roared up the road towards Simms. Three of the tanks went through the middle of the town, but a fourth cut wide and was on a track to pass by the bunker. Richard had no choice but to hold his position and hope the tank would pass by without seeing him. As the fourth tank passed by, it fired its main gun within a few hundred feet of the bunker. The resulting shockwave squeezed the air out of Richard’s lungs and blew him off the ladder. As he lay on the concrete floor, he held his ears which were ringing so badly that he didn’t even know that the tank had driven away. After a few minutes he cautiously climbed back up to the edge of the bunker and peered out. The four Aug tanks had broken off their pursuit and were heading back in the direction of Great Falls, while a single plume of gray smoke rose in the distance. Richard knew the chase was over, but he remained in the bunker until the last tank was out of sight. Then he grabbed a new pulse rifle and headed off in the direction of the smoke. He knew there was little chance that Matt could have survived the onslaught, but his conscience demanded that he verify it.
Richard located Matt’s tank a mile and a half southwest of town near the Fort Shaw Canal. It appeared to have taken a direct hit, reducing the tanks protective shell to a mass of smoldering hot metal surrounded by scorched earth. Richard lowered his head and said a few kind words to acknowledge Matt’s selfless act. Then he briskly headed back to the Sun River figuring that the Augs might send out foot patrols in response to the attack on their facility. As he made his way west, he came across an old farmhouse that was partially hidden in a grove of cotton woods overlooking the river. Richard drew his weapon and then searched the interior of the house to make sure it was unoccupied. After confirming it was safe, he barricaded the front door and then plopped down on the couch in the main room. As he looked out over the river through the expansive picture window, the serene view subdued the emotional turmoil churning below the surface. The loss of his companions sank into the background, as exhaustion slowly lulled him to sleep.
Midway through the day, a gust of wind blew the side door adjacent to the main room partially open, briefly waking Richard. He knew he should get up and close it, but his eyes never opened and moments later he was dreaming about Josephine. Her soft warm lips were inviting him over for a kiss, and as he leaned forward in his dream to kiss her, his lips puckered repeatedly while he slept. It was a wonderful dream, suddenly shattered by the realization that something was actually touching his lips and sniffing him. Richard fell off of the couch, uncertain if he was having a dream within a dream as he stared up at a tall buckskin colored horse standing next to him. “Impossible,” he said to himself as he slowly reached out to touch the beast, still uncertain if it was a figment of his imagination. When his hand made contact, the horse neighed at him, confirming his sanity. 
“You’re a bold little fellow,” Richard remarked as the horse stood there staring at him expectantly. When Richard got back on the couch, the horse lowered its head down onto his shoulder as if asking to be petted. Richard wasn’t too familiar with horse behavior, but it was obvious that the horse wanted some attention, so he rubbed his mane for a minute. From what Richard could tell, the horse appeared to be in good health despite having lived on his own for some indeterminate amount of time. The only marking on the horse was a cavalry shield with the number 163 incised in it, that had been branded on his flank.
“Where did you come from?” Richard asked in a soft voice as he patted the horse a couple more times. The horse flicked his ears and then stepped back a few feet so Richard could get off the couch. “Would you like some dried berries?” Richard said as he retrieved a handful of them from his pack. The horse immediately took the fruit and chewed on the morsels while Richard packed up his things. Once it was dark out, Richard put on his pack and headed out. 
“I don’t have any more food,” Richard said in a stern voice when he noticed the horse was following after him. The equine paused for a moment and neighed at him. “I don’t have anything for you,” Richard scolded, but each time he stopped, the horse came up alongside him and either neighed, or gently nudged him.
“What do you want?” Richard asked in a slightly more demanding tone. The horse snorted and angled its ears back indicating a certain level of displeasure with Richard’s harsh tone.
“What?” Richard demanded. The horse lowered its head and turned to expose his left side. “Are you offering me a ride?” he said as he slowly reached for the horse’s mane and gently started to pull himself upon the horse’s back. The horse stood motionless, allowing Richard to climb up. Once he was firmly seated, the horse raised his head and started trotting in the direction that Richard was heading. Richard was amazed at just how smart and intuitive the horse was. All he had to do was give a slight tug to the right or left side of the horse’s mane, and the horse would turn in that direction. Richard felt a little guilty about getting a free ride, but the horse had been so insistent, it made him wonder if the military had trained him to recover fallen soldiers. Whatever the reason, traveling by horse was far safer and faster than going back on foot.
By midnight they had departed the lowlands and reached the edge of the foothills. It was a welcome sight, and Richard stopped at the edge of a large moonlit meadow so he and the horse could rest. Richard feared that the horse might run off after he dismounted, but he only lowered his head and started nibbling at the dew covered grass.
“Good boy,” Richard said repeatedly, as he stroked the horse’s neck. The horse seemed to like the attention and Richard hoped he would stay with him long enough to reach the settlement. Richard patted the horse a few more times and then took off his worn pack and set it on the ground to use it as a makeshift pillow. The soft grass was relaxing and Richard stared up at the night sky. As he lay there, he felt that someone was looking after him, providing him with the tools he needed to continue on. He had not seen or even heard mention of horses surviving after the Augs mandated round ups, and yet, not only did one find him, but the crazy beast was helping him get home. “What are the odds?” he said to himself as he looked over at the majestic creature. The horse glanced back at him and then continued to munch at the succulent vegetation. Richard wondered how his clan was getting along with Jake’s, as his thoughts slowly turned to Josephine. Thinking of her made all of the recent horrors melt away. He had not forgotten about his wife Mikala, but with each passing day he felt that there might be room in his heart to love again. It was an odd thing to sorely miss one person and at the same time be pulled towards another. The resilience of the heart never ceased to amaze him.
After lounging for the better part of an hour, the horse came over and gently nudged him with his head.
“Are you ready to go?” Richard asked. The horse flicked his ears back and forth in response to his gentle voice. “I bet you want to get further away from the Augs, don’t you?” Richard remarked. The horse snorted and then turned so that Richard could climb up on his back.
“You’re the most intelligent horse I’ve ever met,” Richard whispered into the equine’s ear. The horse lifted his head up and neighed as if to confirm Richard’s assessment. “You need a name though. I can’t just call you ‘horse’ all day long… How about ‘Einstein’, since you’re so smart?” The horse’s ears went back disagreeably and Richard could tell that name would not do. “How about ‘Alexander’, since you’re so courageous?” The horse flicked his ears again, seeming dissatisfied with Richard’s suggestion. “Alright, I’ve saved the best for last… how about ‘Dakota’ in honor of all the horses that helped the Native Americans fend off their enemies?” The horse’s ears perked up and Richard repeated the name. “Dakota, do you like that name?” The horse neighed and Richard patted him on the neck. “Dakota it is then. Now let’s get further up into the mountains and out of the Augs’ reach,” Richard added as they headed off into the darkness.
Chapter 11
On the fourth day Richard and Dakota reached the southern border of Glacier National Park. It had been a long haul, but they were only a day’s ride from the settlement. Richard wanted to keep going, but he could tell Dakota was tired so he led the horse into a large grove of fir trees so they could rest. They were high enough in elevation to avoid the Augs, but once the sun set it turned bitterly cold. Dakota seemed unfazed by the sudden change in the weather, leading Richard to believe that he must have been living in the mountains over the last few years. Richard on the other hand was cold, so he curled up inside his sleeping bag and zipped it up as far as it would go. After awhile, he warmed up and then fell asleep without realizing it. Occasionally, Richard would wake up and peek out from his sleeping bag to check on Dakota. Then he would go back to sleep after confirming he was resting peacefully nearby. One thing that Richard found amusing, was that each time he stirred, Dakota would open his big brown eyes, and stare at him until he went back to sleep. It was as if Dakota was making sure he wasn’t going to wonder off, rather than the other way around.
The next morning the ground was covered in a thick blanket of white powder that was nearly two feet deep. Richard was surprised by the unexpected snowstorm and had to practically dig himself out just to get up. After he cleaned the snow off of his sleeping bag and backpack, he went over to Dakota and brushed the snow off of him.
“What do you think?” Richard said as he mounted up. Dakota started to walk through the thick snow and then paused for a moment. “Don’t do it if you don’t want to, we can wait out the storm.” Dakota snorted, and continued on seemingly more determined than before. Richard periodically rubbed Dakota’s ears to keep them warm and dusted the snow off his head and nose as it accumulated. “You’re a good boy,” he repeated every so often to reassure the horse and let him know how much he appreciated him.
Dakota continued on for several hours, but the snow didn’t let up and the temperature never rose above freezing. By midday, the snow was nearly touching Dakota’s underside and Richard steered him under a rocky ledge that formed a natural shelter. “I know you can go further, but I think we should wait it out. Continuing on could be risky, and I doubt we’ll find a better place to stop,” Richard said in a reassuring voice. Dakota seemed content with his decision, and Richard dismounted him. Then he pulled a small blanket out from his pack and draped it over the horses back. “There you go, it’s not much, but it’s all I have.” Dakota pawed at the frozen ground and Richard knew that he must be hungry. “Wait here and I’ll see what I can find.” A moment later Richard returned with several large clumps of frozen grass and placed them at Dakota’s feet. Then he went out looking for more. After several trips, he came back empty-handed, “Sorry boy, that’s all I can find in this weather.” Dakota flicked his ears, and then leaned his head on Richard’s shoulder. Richard rubbed his neck for a few minutes and then started to shiver.
“Damn it’s cold,” he remarked as sat down under the ledge and ate a few bites of dried food that he noticed earlier when he was rummaging through his pack for the blanket. After he finished eating, he pulled out his sleeping bag and got inside so he could conserve his heat. The temperature continued to fall and the storm intensified as the afternoon turned to evening. After awhile, Richard felt his feet going numb despite the sub-zero rating of his bag, and he rubbed them periodically with his hands. Dakota stood by like a sentinel watching over him as he tried to fight off the overwhelming urge to sleep. Richard knew that the combination of fatigue and freezing cold could be deadly. Second only to the Augs, the weather was the greatest threat to the remaining humans. Richard slapped his face to try and keep himself awake, but at some point during the night he fell asleep.
Richard woke a few hours before dawn to find Dakota lying right up against him. The temperature was cold enough to have killed him, but with a thousand-pound warm-blooded equine pressed against him, he was warm from head to toe. Richard wrapped his arm around Dakota’s belly and then leaned into him as if he were giving the horse a big hug. “You’re my guardian angel,” Richard said in a soft voice. Dakota lifted his head in acknowledgment and then laid it back down once Richard closed his eyes. 
The next morning, the sun broke through the clouds and its golden rays started melting the snow almost instantly. Dakota rose to his feet and turned broadside to absorb the warmth, while Richard dusted the snow off of him.
By midmorning the frozen wasteland had changed back to a more hospitable landscape and they headed out. The snow was still fairly deep in the low-lying areas, but as they continued on, even it melted down. Richard let Dakota stop as often as he wanted to nibble at the taller clumps grass or get a drink from the pools of melting snow. It was slow going, but by midday Richard recognized the area and knew that the settlement was not far off. “We’re almost there,” he said in an eager voice, as they passed by a creek he remembered crossing on the way out. Dakota quickened his pace sensing Richard’s anticipation, stopping only to eat the most irresistible patches of exposed grass.
After an hour or so, they finally reached the small hill that overlooked the settlement and Richard gasped in anguish.
“What the hell?” he cried out. Nearly all of the settlement lay in ruin, and pulse cannon blasts scarred the ground and trees that had once protected the camp. Richard immediately dismounted and ran down to the settlement looking feverishly for any signs of life. Everyone was gone, and he felt overwhelmed by disappointment and grief. Dakota trotted down beside him, and started nudging Richard’s side in an effort to console him.
“You’re a good boy,” Richard muttered as he shook his head in disgust. Then he knelt down and started to sift through the rubble for clues as to what happened. A moment later it suddenly dawned on him that there were no human remains among the ashes and rubble. He immediately jumped up and shouted, “Dakota, they must have escaped!” His thoughts quickly turned to figuring out where they had gone. “Into the mountains,” he thought, “but where?” Richard pulled out his digimap and examined it closely. “Where would I go if I was in Jake’s shoes?” His finger searched across the map, but nothing stood out. He knew any place over eight thousand feet would do, but there were literally dozens of such locations nearby. Richard put the map away and started to scour the area around the settlement for clues as to where they had gone. Unfortunately the snow had obliterated all traces of their footsteps and Richard finally threw up his hands in frustration.
“Damn it, why didn’t they leave me a clear sign?” he huffed in disappointment. Dakota looked on, flicking his ears as Richard ranted and raved for several more minutes. Then a faint smile crossed Richard’s face as he remembered back to the night that he and Josephine had talked under the stars, on top of the large granite outcrop near the settlement. Richard immediately ran over to the boulders and kicked the snow off of them. Then he reached into the crevice, praying that there would be a note or some other item to guide him to her. His cold wet fingers strained to reach the depths of the crevice, but his effort was not in vain. As he withdrew his hand, a small leather pouch dangled from his fingertips. He immediately opened it, and inside was a tiny piece of paper from Josephine. “Richard, if you and the others have found your way back, we have moved to a safe place out of the Augs reach. We are going to be carried on an angel’s wing past a mountain of gold, and we’re not going to stop until we have almost gone to the sun. I’ll kiss you when you are in the shadow of the nearest peak, love, Matahpi.” Richard was about to burst from excitement as he held the paper up to his chest and thanked god for answering his prayer. He knew a place out of the Augs reach was deep in the mountains, so he pulled out his map and started to search for names that matched the rest of her metaphorical note. Sure enough, he spotted Angel Wing Mountain, which was located some 20 miles to the southwest and across from Mt. Gold. Slightly further south he spotted a tall peak named, Going-To-The-Sun, which abutted Matahpi Peak. The names matched her description perfectly, and the glacial valley below Matahpi Peak was just over eight thousand feet. Richard ran over to Dakota and hopped up on his back. Dakota neighed and then started trotting southwest towards Mt. Gold.
After a few hours the sun started to dip down, and Richard decided it was time to stop for the night. “This looks like a good place,” Richard remarked. “There is plenty of grass, and water, what do think Dakota?” Dakota lowered his head and started eating the tender grass, indicating he was satisfied with Richard’s choice of campsites. Richard unrolled his sleeping bag and plopped down on it. Then he pulled out the note and read it over several more times. He could not explain his fondness for Josephine, but whenever he needed a reason to carry on, or something good to think about, her image always popped into his head.
Chapter 12
The following morning Richard woke refreshed, but Dakota seemed edgy and unsettled. “What’s wrong boy?” he asked, speaking in a low voice while reaching for his pulse rifle. A split second later a snapping twig caught his attention and he saw several dark figures darting amongst the trees not more than fifty yards away. Richard immediately jumped on Dakota’s back and fired a couple of shots in the general direction of the intruders. Dakota reared up, and then took off galloping. It was all Richard could do to stay on the horse’s back as the frightened equine cut through the trees, narrowly missing low branches and downed logs. “Whoa, Dakota! Slow down!” Richard commanded, but Dakota ignored his request until they cleared the tree line at the base of Mt. Gold. Richard looked back, but there was no sign of the intruders. “Good boy,” Richard repeated several times, thankful they had escaped unscathed. “That was a close one,” he added. Dakota shook his head in response to the praise and then continued on up the rocky slope at a more leisurely pace.
Richard was convinced that Dakota’s extreme reaction to the intruders indicated that he must have known they were Augs. Not to mention that humans knew better than to sneak up on one another unannounced. It was a good way to get shot. The incident made Richard wonder how Dakota could tell that they were Augs. The intruders were well hidden in the trees, so he didn’t think it was by sight or sound, since humans and Augs looked and sounded about the same at a distance. Then it dawned on him that the Augs might have a different odor due to the worm’s secretions into the host’s bloodstream. Was there some faint pheromonic signature that only animals could detect? “I bet that’s it,” Richard said under his breath. Dakota simply flicked his ears back and forth and continued on, ignoring Richard’s ramblings.
A few Canadian geese passed overhead, going south for the winter. Richard was pleased to see a few wild animals were still out of the Augs’ reach. There was no doubt that humans had left their mark, but the Augs took it to a whole new level. Every resource imaginable had been harnessed to increase their population. Had Dr. Stone been able to overcome the elevation restriction caused by the worms cranial displacement, Richard was convinced that the Augs would farm and strip mine the entire surface of the planet.
As they ascended further into the Rocky Mountains, the snowcapped peaks sparkled in the morning sunlight like diamonds. They represented the last refuge for humanity and Richard admired their beauty now more than ever. There was something soulful about being in the mountains. The combination of fresh air and raw beauty put things into perspective and gave Richard a sense of freedom and purpose. The sheer magnitude of the towering peaks seemed to put things into perspective, shrinking his problems and making him feel less encumbered. Dakota seemed to feel it too. He continued up the trail in a stride that conveyed both pride and confidence.
When they reached the crest of Piegan Pass the sun was directly overhead. The air was crisp and cold, but the trail was free from snow. Richard wasn’t sure if the storm had dumped it’s payload primarily on the foothills, or if the high peaks had just cut through the clouds and thus avoided the brunt of the storm. Whatever the cause, the path ahead was clear and Richard could see Matahpi Peak in the distance. It’s sharp sides rose sharply above Siyeh Creek and Richard gently nudged Dakota’s flanks to pick up the pace.
After they descended the southern side of Piegan Pass, they started up the western side of Siyeh Pass. It was a short steep climb with numerous switchbacks, but Dakota’s nimbleness made the climb seem easy.
Once they reached the top of that pass, Richard gently tugged on Dakota’s mane until he stopped. Then he surveyed the alpine valley below with his binoculars. It only took a couple of seconds for Richard to spot a cluster of tents nestled up against a large glacier below Matahpi Peak.
“There they are!” he sighed in relief. Dakota neighed and then started down the pass towards the camp before Richard could even ask him to do so.
When they reached the halfway point between the pass and the camp, several figures noticed their approach and came running up the trail towards them. As they got closer, Richard could see Josephine out in front, and he immediately jumped down from Dakota and ran over to embrace her.
“Thank God you made it,” Josephine said in an exuberant tone. “I’ve been worried sick ever since you left.”
“I’m so happy to see you,” Richard replied as they continued to embrace. I am also pleased to announce that the production facility has been destroyed, but it came at a heavy price,” Richard said with sad look.
“We know, we heard all about it,” Josephine replied.
“How on earth did you hear about the production facility?” Richard asked looking confused by her statement.
“Dr. Stone used his helicopter to fly Ethan almost all the back to the old settlement,” Josephine revealed.
“Ethan’s okay?” Richard asked in amazement.
“Yes, he’s fine,” Josephine replied.
“Where is he?” Richard asked.
“He went out on a hunt with Jake and a few others two days ago, but they will probably be back tonight or tomorrow,” she said with a smile.
“Is Dr. Stone here?” Richard asked in a more villainous tone.
“Yes, he’s down at the camp.”
“Why is he still alive?” Richard said in a hateful tone.
“Richard, please don’t do anything rash until you hear his side of the story,” Josephine pleaded.
“His side of the story! How about the near extinction of humanity’s side of the story!” Richard yelled.
“Richard please, just hear him out, he has a lot of valuable information about the Augs and he saved Ethan from them.” Richard clutched his pulse rifle and grated his teeth, but Josephine’s soft green eyes and gentle expression lessened his anger.
“Alright, I’ll hear him out, but if I don’t like his answers, he won’t like mine,” Richard promised.
“Thank you,” Josephine said as she kissed his cheek and took hold of the pulse rifle in his hand.
“What are you doing?” Richard asked, still clutching at it.
“You owe me a rifle,” she reminded him.
“I suppose I do, but this one is a few models up from the one you lent me,” he replied with a smirk.
“Yes it is, and the one I lent you was nicer than your old one, wasn’t it?” Josephine replied.
“It was,” Richard conceded. “Come Dakota, now you can see who really runs the show around here.” Dakota flicked his ears, and then slowly approached Josephine’s outstretched hand.
“What a pretty horse, where on earth did you find him?” Josephine asked.
“Actually Dakota found me, and I wouldn’t have made it back without his help,” Richard admitted.
“You’re joking?” Josephine said in a doubtful tone.
“No, I’m serious. Dakota has saved my life several times already.” Richard said with a serious look in his eyes.
“Really,” Josephine replied, as she looked Dakota up and down. Then she proceeded to gently rub his muzzle. “What a good horse, you brought my Richard back to me.”
“He’s the smartest damn horse I’ve ever met, and I swear he understands some of what I’m saying,” Richard insisted.
“Perhaps he is your kindred spirit,” Josephine suggested.
“My what?” Richard replied as he rolled his eyes doubtingly.
“You and Dakota share a spiritual connection of some kind.”
“Come on, now you’re pulling my leg,” Richard exclaimed.
“Do you doubt that you and I share such a connection? Or is it my imagination that we seem to already know each other on a far deeper level than is possible for two people who are practically strangers?” Richard’s expression indicated she was correct, but he didn’t want to admit it in front of the others.
“Why don’t you show me around,” Richard asked in an attempt to change the subject.
“Okay, but not until you admit we share a special connection,” Josephine insisted.
“Fine…you and I are meant to be together and it is the will of the universe,” Richard replied in a robotic voice.
“Good, I’m glad we agree. Now follow me,” Josephine said in a friendly tone. Richard walked side by side with her holding her hand as they headed into the camp. Dakota followed closely behind, pausing just long enough to sniff the ground and nibble at the grass as they proceeded.
“Where does that go?” Richard asked, staring at a large tunnel carved into the glacier towards the rear of the camp.
“The tents served as a temporary camp while we worked on the real settlement which is inside the glacier. Come see it for yourself,” Josephine offered. Richard followed her inside, running his hand along the cold smooth surface as they advanced. The sound of hooves echoed rhythmically behind them, and Josephine looked over her shoulder for a moment before pausing. “Is your horse coming along too?” she asked with a hint of sarcasm in her voice.
“Probably... he has no fear of humans or their dwellings, and he makes himself right at home, inside or out,” Richard replied.
“That’s kind of strange isn’t it?” Josephine asked.
“Yes, but I owe him my life, so he is free to come and go as he pleases. Of course I would prefer it if he never left, but it’s his choice, and I respect it,” Richard said in an appreciative tone.
“Well he seems pretty attached to you, so I doubt he’ll be going anywhere,” Josephine remarked.
“When did your clan have time to construct this?” Richard asked when they reached a fork in the tunnel.
“Jake always feared that the Augs might try and attack our settlement down in the foothills, so we have been coming up here during the summer months to work on it. The goal was to create a new settlement out of their reach,” Josephine replied.
“Do you have a name for this settlement?” Richard asked.
“We call it Granite Mountain, in reference to the rocks that make up this area,” Josephine replied.
“How far in does the main tunnel go?” Richard asked.
“It’s just over a mile long, but there are lots of side pockets that form rooms used for sleeping, food storage, and so on,” Josephine revealed.
“The glacier doesn’t look to be a mile long?” Richard questioned.
“It’s not, the tunnel goes several hundred feet into the rock at the base of the mountain where the glacier abuts it. Jake feared that the Augs might use unmanned aerial vehicles to attack us if they ever discovered our hideout, but the bombs those carry are small, so he thinks we would be safe deeper back,” Josephine said with an uncertain look in her eyes.
“I’m impressed. The Augs will have a very difficult time attacking this place,” Richard said reassuringly.
“I really doubt they will bother us up here. What would be the point?” Josephine added.
“If the Augs ever find out Dr. Stone is here, they will stop at nothing to get him back. Inside his sick head is the blueprint for creating the parent worms, and their survival is tied to him. I strongly recommend that we kill Dr. Stone after you finish showing me around. It’s the only way to guarantee their extinction,” Richard asserted.
“Richard, we can’t just kill him in cold blood. He is the one that warned us that the Augs were coming to destroy the old settlement. Without that warning, we wouldn’t have been able to escape. I owe him my life, as does everyone else living here, including Ethan,” Josephine insisted.
“I’m sorry, but one good deed does not undo a lifetime of evil. He still has to be held accountable for what he has done to the rest of humanity,” Richard said in a damming tone.
“Dr. Stone has requested asylum, and Jake has granted it to him. In addition, Dr. Stone has valuable first-hand knowledge of the Augs’ social structure and their inner workings, which could prove extremely helpful in the future,” Josephine replied.
“Any one of your arguments would be reason enough for forgiveness for the average criminal, but Dr. Stone has single-handedly enslaved all but a tiny fraction of the world’s population. His greed, coupled with the military’s relentless pursuit for technological superiority, has turned billions of humans into nothing more than mindless slaves. No amount of sorrow or regret can ever undo what he has done to us,” Richard insisted.
Josephine looked away for a moment as Richard’s harsh words echoed up and down the icy tunnel. His assessment of the situation was valid, if Dr. Stone ever did fall back into the Augs hands, it could only spell disaster, but she didn’t feel that they should just kill him without further cause. 
“Richard, I understand your concern, but no one really knows what happened with the implantation process. The very first larval implants were benign and didn’t take control of their host. We don’t know what went wrong along the way, and I believe Dr. Stone deserves the chance to explain his side of the story. Maybe he is guilty of grossly underestimating the potential risk of the implants, but he certainly cannot be held solely responsible for the worms taking over the planet. The military did hire him, and for all we know, they may be the ones responsible for converting the larvae into a weapon.”
“Very well, I will control my urge to vaporize the good doctor until he has a chance to explain what happened. However, he must never be allowed to fall back into the Augs’ hands, and I will prevent it at all cost!” Richard warned.
“Fair enough,” Josephine replied. “Now that we have that settled, would you prefer to room back here where it is more private, or up near the opening of the glacier?”
“Near the opening would be best. That way Dakota will have easy access to food and water and I can keep an eye on him,” Richard replied.
“You really love that little horse, don’t you?” Josephine said with a smile.
“He’s grown on me,” Richard replied as he looked down the tunnel at Dakota who was licking the ice on the wall.
“Do you think he is the last of his kind?” Josephine whispered.
“I don’t know, he’s the only horse I’ve seen in over a year... but if he made it, it stands to reason others may have also survived. Sadly we’re not the only casualties of this event,” Richard added, as he followed Josephine towards the entrance. When she led Richard into a vacant room not far from the opening, Dakota followed him in, sniffed the place, and proceeded out to the alpine meadow. 
“Well, I guess now that he knows where your staying he’s going out to eat?” Josephine remarked.
“Probably,” Richard replied.
“Okay, wait here and I’ll be right back with some items to make you feel at home.” A few minutes later Josephine reappeared with a couple of blankets and a few rudimentary items for Richard’s new room. “I hope this will be enough to keep you warm,” she said with a smile.
“That’s plenty... and thanks again for all your hospitality. It’s been a long time since I’ve had a place to call home,” Richard sighed.
“Don’t mention it, but before you get too comfortable, there are a couple of things we need to talk about.”
“Sure, what is it?” Richard responded with a concerned look on his face.
“First off, when you didn’t want me to come with you to the production facility it was because you think females are more important than males because we can bear children. I understand that our numbers are dangerously low and I agree with your overall view, but I can’t have children. Not now and not ever. Even if I stop taking the fern powder, I can’t get pregnant because I’m barren,” Josephine revealed.
“I’m so sorry. It was wrong of me to assume you could, and I shouldn’t have insisted that you stay behind to guard the clan,” Richard replied apologetically.
“I understand you were only trying to protect me, but I make my own decisions and I have valid reasons for everything that I do,” Josephine insisted.
“I understand, and I wont make that mistake twice,” Richard replied.
“Okay, that is important, because from the moment that we met, I have been drawn to you, and I know that you have feelings for me. I also know that the instant a major problem arises, you will feel obligated to resolve it. You have an incredible sense of duty, and you place the survival of humanity above all else, even your own life. I can respect that, but it seems to me that you have done enough for the cause. I want you to let someone else take the lead, so that you can remain with me at the settlement. If you cannot make such a promise, then I will not put another ounce of energy into our relationship so that it can be ripped apart by some future crisis,” Josephine said in a stern tone.
“You can’t expect me to just sit idly by and do nothing if I’m needed... please do not ask me to make such an unmalleable promise,” Richard pleaded.
Josephine’s eyes started to fill with tears and her lips began to tremble. Richard could almost hear her heart breaking, and he half expected her to start yelling at him, but instead, she gave him a hug, and then started to walk away. Richard felt as if the life had been sucked out of him. He didn’t realize how much she meant to him, until he was forced to choose between losing her or his innate duty to fight the Augs. 
“Josephine wait! I don’t want it to end like this,” Richard cried out. “What if I only went on the most important of missions, and you came with me. Then we would always be together and you wouldn’t have to wonder if I was coming back or not.”
“You will not leave me behind even if you’re going into combat?” Josephine asked.
“I promise,” Richard replied. “Revenge and hatred have all but consumed me, but you have given me a reason to live. I will choose my battles carefully, and you will be by my side every step of the way,” Richard promised.
Josephine paused at the doorway as she considered his offer. “I agree on one condition, as long as we are together, I have veto power if I deem the mission too dangerous, or not worth the risk.”
“Agreed,” Richard said without hesitation.
“Good, now I can keep you safe.”
“You make a good wife,” Richard said mimicking a cave man.
“Who said I was going to marry you?” Josephine replied. “We haven’t even been on a date.”
“You’re right, how about dinner in my ice cave?” Richard offered.
“You’re on,” Josephine replied.
“Your sister is welcome to come too,” Richard added.
“Regrettably, she left a week ago to join the Augs. She was suffering from a degenerative illness and implantation was her only option for survival,” Josephine replied in soft voice.
“I’m sorry to hear that, my apologies,” Richard said as he lowered his head.
“It’s okay,” Josephine sighed. “It was her choice. Let us not forget that in the beginning people lined up by the millions to be implanted. I know the lure of enhanced performance was their primary reason for doing it, but others wanted the procedure so they could rid themselves of disease. People still volunteered even after they knew the process would erase their identity, just so they could prolong their life. My sister never liked living on the fringe of society, so in truth, her illness was the justification she needed to leave this minimalistic lifestyle behind.”
“I am sorry, it’s hard when someone you love is on the other side,” he said as he walked over and gave her a hug. 
“It’s fine, there may be an Aug out there with her body, but in reality she is gone forever... and I’ll miss her,” Josephine sobbed.
 “She is still in your heart, and that’s what counts,” Richard whispered in her ear.
“I love you,” Josephine replied.
Chapter 13
The following morning Richard woke to find Josephine curled up next to him in bed. He could not remember falling asleep, but waking up with her in his arms was a pleasant surprise. After a few minutes Josephine began to stir and he leaned over and gave her a kiss on the cheek. “Good morning, how are you doing?” he asked.
“I’m fine,” she said smiling back at him lovingly. “Thank you for letting me stay with you. I guess I needed a little more comforting than I realized.”
“No problem,” Richard replied as he gently stroked her long brown hair.
“You know what... I’m going to put the sorrow behind me and embrace what I have, rather than what I have lost,” Josephine announced.
“Just like that?” Richard asked, somewhat perplexed by her announcement.
“Yes. My sister is gone, but it was her choice. The last thing she would have wanted me to do is question her decision, and sit around here wallowing in self pity. Instead, I’m going to remember the good times that we had and forgive the bad, that’s’ how I’m going to honor her life,” Josephine announced.
Richard was at a loss for words. Her emotional strength was inspiring, moving him to let go of some of the guilt he felt over the loss of his wife and kids. He wanted to help her through a tough time, but in reality, he was the one that received the help.
“What would you like to do today?” Josephine asked, seemingly unaware of the good she had done.
“I would really like talk to Dr. Stone. I have a number of questions for him,” Richard said in a daunting tone.
“Do you still have the urge to kill him?” Josephine asked.
“I would be lying if I told you I didn’t,” he replied.
“Then I should warn you that his point of view is probably not going to sit well with you. He seems to have some reverence for the Augs, and he is still protective of them,” Josephine warned.
“What? How could he see anything good in them? They are barbaric soulless creatures that lack morals or ethics,” Richard replied.
“I know, but you did promise me that you wouldn’t harm him unless he tries to leave,” Josephine said in a firm voice.
“I will keep my promise,” Richard replied as he clinched his teeth together.
“Okay, then follow me and we’ll see if he is up.” Richard followed Josephine down the tunnel for a considerable distance. Then she led him into a large open chamber that had a log table and crude chairs made from aspen trees. “Wait here, I’ll be right back.” A moment later Josephine reappeared with Dr. Stone following closely behind her.
“Dr. Stone, this is Richard. He was the leader of a northern clan that joined up with us several weeks ago.”
“I have heard a lot about you Richard. It seems that you are something of a hero around here,” Dr. Stone exclaimed in a sarcastic tone.
“I don’t know about that, but I do know you’re the…” 
“Richard!” Josephine interrupted before he could complete his sentence. “Why don’t you ask Dr. Stone about the Augs? Maybe he can answer some of your questions.”
“Alright,” Richard replied as he sat down in his chair. “How did the larvae evolve so that they could take over their host?”
“I genetically altered the parent worms to produce only sterile offspring. The subsequent larvae processing was designed to knock out all of the non-autonomic brain functions, thus ensuring the larvae would remain benign. My guess is that a critical processing step was omitted, and the resulting larvae had a fully functional brain. This in turn allowed the larvae to biologically interface with the host, ultimately taking control of it. I must say that early primate studies did not reveal the potential for host domination, and the implants were only supposed to enhance, not enslave the host,” Dr. Stone insisted.
“Come on, there must have been some warning signs that this sort of thing could happen?” Richard asserted.
“No, there is not a single documented case where a parasitic worm was capable of controlling the host organism. The only host manipulating parasite I have ever heard of is from, Toxoplasma gondii. It is a rat-born protozoan that infects the rodent’s brain overriding its natural biochemistry, so that the rat no longer fears predators. In return, the rat is killed and eaten by the predator, thus allowing the protozoan to complete its life cycle in the secondary host. I can assure you, no one ever expected that the larvae could become host dominating. Even suggesting it as a possibility would have discredited the researcher’s good name,” Dr. Stone replied innocently.
“You must have known that there was a risk of this happening, otherwise you would have never added those precautionary steps to the production line,” Richard remarked.
“I considered a large part of the larvae processing unnecessary, but to quell fears about implanting a fully functional life form into a human, I added those steps. The military needed to be able to show that the larvae were a biological augmentation, and not a parasitic implant. It was simply a matter of marketing and it had nothing to do with the scientific facts known at the time. As I said before, there was absolutely no reason to believe that the larvae could ever control the host,” Dr. Stone insisted.
“Well I guess that will go down in the history as one of the biggest scientific blunders ever!” Richard replied with a sneer.
“I disagree. In many ways the Augs have created a society that is far superior to our own,” Dr. Stone said as though it was a proven fact.
“How the hell can you say that? Augs are nothing more than mindless automatons whose sole purpose is to destroy humanity!” Richard replied in a harsh tone.
“They are only trying to survive. The same thing can be said about every other life form on the planet,” Dr. Stone responded.
“They are an artificially created abomination, the illegitimate offspring of a crack-pot scientist who loves to play god!” Richard shouted.
“No, they are the next step in our evolution, a hybrid of two species whose sum is greater than its parts. Augs do not commit crimes and they work for the greater good of their society, and they are healthier and more productive than their human counterparts,” Dr. Stone pointed out.
“That may be true, but in return the Augs have lost their individuality and creativity, they lack the essential qualities that make humans a dynamic and interesting species,” Richard claimed.
“What has been lost is a fat, disease ridden, antiquated excuse of a primate!” Dr. Stone retorted.
“And the Augs are mindless, soulless, robots that have no compassion for other living things!” Richard replied.
“At least they are not selfish, self-absorbed, greed machines, and best of all, they live in perfect harmony with one another. Something humans will never achieve!” Dr. Stone contended.
“Aaah,” Richard said with a smile. “That’s an interesting distinction. Although they don’t kill each other, they have no problem killing every other species that can further their cause in any way. Do they love? Can they appreciate a beautiful sunset? Would they take care of an injured kitten? No, no, and no!” Dr. Stone turned away, refusing to respond, but Richard continued on. “They may not be selfish or self absorbed, but that is one of the things that drives people to achieve great things. The pursuit of often seemingly intangible goals has led humans to many of our most profound discoveries and achievements. The Augs on the other hand have spread across the planet like a disease, what achievements lay ahead of them? What mysteries of the universe will they unlock? What great artist will spring from their evolutionary loins? Dr. Stone refused to make eye contact with Richard and would not respond to any aspect of his arguments.
“Richard, Dr. Stone can’t change the past, so stop persecuting him,” Josephine said in a firm voice. “If you have questions ask them, but enough of the insults!”
“Fine… why have you come here?” Richard asked as he stared directly at Dr. Stone’s stoic face.
“When you attacked the production facility, the Augs panicked, and they wanted to implant me so that I wouldn’t change sides. Luckily I got away before that happened, but I can never go back. Don’t get me wrong, I still believe the Augs are the next step in our evolution, but I’m not willing to give up my independence, or my identity. I’m a brilliant scientist,” Dr. Stone insisted.
“So you don’t want to be implanted, but everyone else should be?” Richard asked in a venomous tone.
“You can call me a hypocrite, a narcissist, or whatever you like, but I am no different than you, I just want to live out my remaining days as a human. That doesn’t mean I agree with your assessment about the Augs, it just means I want to finish my life the way I started it. In return for letting me stay here, I will help you avoid being killed by the Augs, but I will not help you kill them,” Dr. Stone insisted.
“Richard, are you satisfied with Dr. Stone’s commitment to help us?” Josephine asked.
“I will let his actions prove me wrong. However, if Dr. Stone tries to rejoin with the Augs, or if they attempt to capture him, I will do what has to be done to prevent it,” Richard said with a determined look in his eyes.
“Fair enough,” Josephine said. “Do you have any further questions for Dr. Stone?
“Yes, I would like to know how Dr. Stone has managed to keep from being infected by the mosquitoes?”
Dr. Stone cleared his throat and pointed to the back of his head. “I already have a tiny benign implant. It’s an early prototype, but it’s enough to keep the mosquito transmitted larvae from implanting in me.” 
“So how could the Augs implant you if you already have an implant?” Richard asked suspiciously.
“My implant is not invasive and can be easily removed without damaging my brain. As you have probably already figured out, the active implants are permanent,” Dr. Stone added.
“We know the Augs are restricted to lower elevations, why is that?” Richard asked. He already knew the answer, but it was more of a lie detector test than anything else.
“The answer is simple, cranial displacement. There is a finite amount of room inside the human skull, the larger the worm, the greater the cranial pressure. Obviously there is a relationship between the size of the worm and the amount of performance enhancing biochemicals it can secrete. To meet the military’s demands, the worm had to have a displacement of approximately fifty cubic centimeters. When you gain elevation, the drop in atmospheric pressure causes the brain to swell. Normally the fluid surrounding the brain allows for this expansion and it is rarely an issue. Sometimes however, when a person climbs too high, or too fast, the swelling results in elevation sickness. If that occurs, the individual must descend immediately, or risk a variety of symptoms up to and including death. Augs however, are extremely susceptible to elevation sickness because they have a reduced cranial capacity caused by the displacement of the worm. When Augs try to ascend above eight thousand feet, the swelling exerts a dangerous level of pressure upon the worm, and it will not allow the host to go any higher. When I pointed out this limitation to the military they were surprisingly unconcerned. They had already analyzed the world’s likely combat zones and determined they were all well below that elevation limitation. In addition, manned aircraft were being replaced with UAVs so there was no perceived need for pilots in the future,” Dr. Stone explained.
“Do they have any other weaknesses?” Richard asked.
“No,” Dr. Stone replied as he rubbed at his eyes, indicating he was growing weary of Richard’s questioning.
“Is there any hope of surgically removing the worm from the host?” Richard asked.
“None, the larva interweaves into the host brain as it matures into an adult worm. Removing the worm would severely damage the brain stem, and leave the host a vegetable. Even if it were possible to remove the worm, the worm itself will kill the host if it feels that it is mortally threatened, sort of a mutually assured destruction scenario,” Dr. Stone asserted.
“Do you think the Augs can create new parent worms without your help?” Richard asked.
“Unlikely. The process is extremely complicated and I have committed the key steps to memory so that no one could steal my work,” Dr. Stone replied arrogantly.
“Well that’s good news, any chance that the military may have kept records of your work or spied on you while you performed the critical steps?
“Even if DARPA had cameras on me all the time, most of my work was conducted under a microscope. They wouldn’t have been able to see the crucial steps involved with the genetic manipulations. Even when you know what you are doing, it takes hundreds of attempts to modify the correct segment of genetic material to yield just one desired genetic trait. The parent worms have dozens of such precise genetic manipulations, so the odds of anyone recreating my work borders on the impossible,” Dr. Stone said with a smug look on his face.
“What about all the staff that worked with you, is there any chance that they could create new parent worms for the Augs?” Richard asked.
“I never let any of my research associates perform the genetic manipulation. Like I said, I kept my work a secret to protect myself,” Dr. Stone replied.
“Are there any other research or production facilities beside Great Falls?” Richard asked.
“I never sub-contracted out any of my work,” Dr. Stone replied confidently. Richard tried to hide his elation over the news, but a faint grin gave him away.
“Why is that amusing?” Dr. Stone asked.
“Because your ego has led to the Augs’ downfall,” Richard replied. Dr. Stone sneered at his comment, but his reaction seemed oddly subdued.
“Any further questions for me?” Dr. Stone said in a snotty voice.
“Not at the moment,” Richard replied, feeling a bit unsettled by Dr. Stone’s unusual demeanor.
“Thank you,” Josephine said as she got up and escorted him out of the room.
Richard looked on with disdain, uncertain as to how much truth there was in his overall story. One thing was clear, the doctor still revered his creation, leaving Richard to wonder if the Augs viewed him as their God.
When Josephine did not return after several minutes, Richard got up and left.
“There you are,” he said in a tentative tone when he saw her over next to Dakota.
“You were kind of harsh,” Josephine remarked when their eyes met.
“I’m sorry you had to see that side of me, but I know first-hand what he is capable of. He is not to be trusted under any circumstances,” Richard insisted.
“He didn’t create the Augs out of malice or spite. He was simply trying to improve humans and rid them of disease,” Josephine replied in his defense.
“That portrayal of his work was propaganda, a thinly veiled ruse to market his military sanctioned bioweapon to the masses. His motivation is forged out of greed and power, not the noble pursuit of helping humanity,” Richard replied.
“He never intended for the larvae to take over their host,” Josephine asserted.
“That may be true, but when he found out that’s what happened, what did he do to stop it, nothing. Because he truly believes that the Augs are superior to us in every measurable way,” Richard replied.
“I agree that he should be watched, but killing him is unjustified in my opinion,” Josephine contended.
“Unjustified… he is not as innocent as he has led everyone here to believe. Had you seen the things that were going on at the production facility, you would not think so highly of him,” Richard insisted.
“What things?” Josephine asked.
“Unspeakable human cloning experiments,” Richard cringed.
“I’m not faint of heart, tell me what you saw,” Josephine demanded.
“Alright, but only because you should know the truth about the good doctor. When we arrived at the production facility, we stumbled across a pile of child sized human remains behind a recently abandoned warehouse. Those remains were the result of Dr. Stone’s experiments, experiments designed to create humans with multiple heads. I believe he was either hoping to implant more than one larva into a single host, or he figured he could lop off one head when a worm died and then implant the other. Who knows, but all I can say is that those poor kids looked as if death was their only friend,” Richard said with emphasis.
“I had no idea,” Josephine replied with a horrified expression on her face.
“Dr. Stone’s past is checkered with many similar examples of his complete disregard for human and animal life,” Richard added.
“I will make sure Jake understands the risks,” Josephine replied as Dakota walked over next to her so she could pet him.
“He seems to have taken a liking to you,” Richard commented.
“Like most Montana families, we had some horses when I was younger,” Josephine replied as she proceeded to scratch Dakota’s velvety soft ears. A moment later, Dakota suddenly raised his head up and looked over at Siyeh Pass attentively. Then he nudged Richard as if asking for permission to go up and investigate. Richard hopped up on Dakota’s back, and then reached down for Josephine. She looked a little hesitant, but Richard pulled her up before she could protest. Once she was seated, they took off up the hill to intercept the hunting party.
When they reached the group, a loud but familiar voice rang out. 
“Hello Richard. I’m so glad you found us,” Jake said with a welcoming smile.
“Thanks to Josephine’s clever note,” Richard replied.
“That’s great, but tell me, where the hell did you get a horse?” Jake said with a look of disbelief.
“The horse is a long story, but I have some unfortunate news…”
“Where’s Matt?” Jake interrupted.
Richard lowered his head and hesitated for a moment. “I am so sorry, your son was killed shortly after we left the production facility.” Jake’s face went pale, but he looked more annoyed than upset. 
“I told him not to go, but he always insisted on doing the opposite of what I said. No doubt he died like a coward!” Jake said with a look of disgust.
“No, not at all. Your son died a hero. He saved my life and I will never forget his sacrifice. You should be proud of him, he wasn’t a coward,” Richard replied sharply.
“So what happened?” Ethan said he saw both of you escape in a tank,” Jake questioned.
“Matt spotted an armored patrol sneaking up on us when we were attempting to retrieve some weapons in Simms. He knew we would both perish if the Augs caught up to us, so he took it upon himself to act as bait and lure them away. His plan worked. The Augs chased after him and overlooked me. Regrettably, he was outnumbered and outgunned, but he did not suffer, I confirmed that once the Augs had gone,” Richard said with a look of reverence.
“Amazing,” Jake replied. “He never showed me an ounce of respect, but he was willing to give his life for you?”
“He didn’t do it for me, he did it for the cause,” Richard insisted.
“You must have made a hell of an impression on him... I was sure he would come running back with his tail between his legs once the shooting started,” Jake surmised.
“Why would you think that?” Richard asked.
“He was dishonorably discharged from the reserves for abandoning his post...” While Jake continued reciting all of his son’s failings, Richard looked back over his shoulder at Josephine and whispered, “Why is Jake being so hard on Matt?”
“I think it’s just a defensive reaction to the loss,” Josephine whispered back. “His way of lessening the emotional pain by focusing on the things he didn’t like about his son.”
“Don’t blame yourself Richard,” Jake said, unknowingly interrupting them. “Matt volunteered, and he knew the risks. We’ll pay the Augs back for this,” he added.
“If there is anything I can do, just let me know,” Richard replied, followed by a poke to the ribs from Josephine as a reminder of his promise to not to rush off into battle.
“Well Richard, I am happy you made it,” Jake announced as he looked down at the settlement.
“Where is Ethan?” Richard asked.
“Oh, he and Sean are back about a mile. They shot a small doe and they didn’t want to be the first ones back. I think they’re a little embarrassed by their prize,” Jake said with a smirk, still hiding the pain of his loss.
“Okay, thanks,” Richard said as Jake and the other men continued down the trail to the camp. 
A few minutes later Sean and Ethan came up over the pass and when they saw Richard and Josephine waiting for them, they rushed down to greet them.
 “Richard!” Ethan yelled out in excitement. “I’m so happy you and Matt made it!” Richard’s expression instantly changed and Ethan realized something was wrong.
“I’m so sorry, Matt was killed by the Augs after our escape,” Richard said with a sad look.
“Oh no! I thought you both made it, what happened?”
“The Augs came after us in four brand new tanks that they must have had hidden somewhere else on base. When we reached Simms, Matt lured them away, but in doing so, he sacrificed himself so that I could get away,” Richard admitted.
“I’m glad you made it,” Ethan said with a sniffle, as he wiped his watery eyes.
“He was very courageous,” Richard said in a thankful tone. Ethan only nodded and then eyed Dakota for a moment.
“So, where did you get a horse?” he asked as Dakota flicked his ears and then stretched out his neck out so he could sniff Ethan.
“He found me back at Simms, kind of a funny story, but I’ll tell you about it later. More importantly, what on earth happened to you the night that you were at the back door on watch?” Richard asked.
“I went out searching for some fuel for the tank, and actually found some. After I finished putting it in the tank that Matt had told us about, an Aug jumped me from behind. He took me to one of the labs and questioned me for several hours, but I just played dumb. After that, he brought in Dr. Stone, and that’s when the explosions on the opposite side of the lab complex started going off. As the attack intensified, Dr. Stone suggested that we leave. I wasn’t armed and I couldn’t find you guys, so I followed him out to his helicopter pad. Things just kept exploding and I thought you guys might have been killed, so at that moment, Dr. Stone seemed like my only means of escape. Once we got into the air, I saw you and Matt getting into the tank, and I figured you’d be okay. When I told Dr. Stone about the settlement, he offered to helped me if we granted him asylum,” Ethan said in a reluctant tone.
“Did you see the Augs threaten Dr. Stone once the attack started?” Richard asked.
“No, but it was chaotic. Augs were running everywhere, and Dr. Stone wasted no time evacuating the building,” Ethan replied.
“Why do you think Dr. Stone wanted to leave the Augs’ protection, when he could have just as easily flown to another part of Great Falls where he would have been safe?” Richard asked.
“He didn’t know what the scale of the attack was, further away seemed safer I guess,” Ethan surmised.
“After Dr. Stone and you landed near the settlement, did he take anything from the helicopter?”
“He had a bag with personal items in it, but that’s all,” Ethan recalled.
“Has anyone searched his things or checked to see if he is in communication with the Augs?” Richard asked.
“I don’t think so, but he never leaves the camp,” Ethan replied.
“All aircraft are equipped with portable satellite linked radios, even helicopters. I know that Mitch used one when he crashed his chopper, and I bet Dr. Stone’s helicopter had one aboard it,” Richard said looking troubled by the thought.
“What do they look like?” Ethan asked.
“I’ve never actually seen one,” Richard admitted. “Just keep an eye on him, and spread the word about the possibility that he might have a radio. If anyone sees anything suspicious, make sure they come tell me.”
“Okay,” Ethan replied.
 “Richard, stop plotting against Dr. Stone,” Josephine interrupted. “Let poor Ethan and Sean go so they can rest and get some food.”
“Alright,” Richard replied. “Josephine has a good point, I know you boys are eager to get back.”
“Yeah, we’ve been roughing it for a few days now,” Ethan remarked.
“Roughing it?” Richard laughed. “You’ve gone soft living at the Granite Mountain estates. This place is pure luxury. You have air conditioned rooms, a nice panoramic view of the mountains, and there’s plenty of ice for all your drinks.” 
“You’re a funny guy,” Ethan retorted with a chuckle as he and Sean lifted up the wooden pole that their doe was tied to, and continued on. Richard and Josephine followed them on horseback until they reached the meadow where Dakota stopped to eat.
After Jake butchered his deer, he went over and helped Ethan and Sean with theirs, while a few clansmen started a fire to cook the meat. Richard looked on as his clan and Jake’s worked together seamlessly. It was obvious that the two had become one.
“What are you thinking about?” Josephine asked as she sat next to Richard by the large fire pit.
“I was thinking about the similarities of our existence now and how it compares to life a thousand years ago. It seems that our society has reverted back to a more primitive state where we live day by day. The funny thing is, that as I sit here watching everyone gathered around the campfire, I’ve come to realize that we don’t need that much to be happy. Once our basic needs are satisfied, we are just as content living like this as we were back when our lives were filled with all the modern conveniences we could buy,” Richard concluded.
“You know, I never gave it much thought, but you’re right. My life now seems just as fulfilling as it did when I was a pharmacist. It’s true that there are hardships living like this, but in return there is a certain level of pride in doing things for yourself and working closely with others. What I have given up in materialistic comforts, I have replaced with a deeper connection to nature and the members of our clan,” Josephine remarked, as she reached for Richards’s hand.
“That’s certainly true, and despite all of the unfortunate events that have occurred over the last year, had those not happened, I would have never met you,” Richard said with a smile as he leaned over and kissed her on the cheek.
“You know, it’s going to be awhile before they have everything cooked. We might have time for a nap?” Josephine remarked, uncertain if he was reading her intentions correctly.
“Are you inviting me to your quarters?” Richard asked, pretending to be confused by her offer.
“I am, if you are willing,” Josephine replied in a flirtatious tone.
“I still haven’t taken you out on a date or made good on my dinner promise,” Richard replied.
“We’ll call the horseback ride a date, and you can come back later and grab us some food when dinner is ready,” Josephine said with a promiscuous look.
“Room service it is,” Richard said with a smile as he followed her into the tunnel.
Early the next morning Richard pulled back the fur covers and quietly got out of bed, careful not to disturb her. Then he gave her a soft kiss on the cheek and pulled the covers back over her naked body. After quietly putting on his clothes, he made his way over to Dr. Stone’s room and searched it while he was out. After mulling through everything a couple of times, he tiptoed back down the tunnel to Josephine’s room.
“Where have you been?” she asked as he walked into her room.
“I went looking for the radio in Dr. Stone’s quarters,” Richard replied innocently.
“Did you find it?” Josephine asked.
“No, but he may have it hidden somewhere else,” Richard admitted.
“You searched his room, what more can you do?”
“I was thinking I might go look for his helicopter to see if the radio is still in it,” Richard suggested.
“After that, will you leave him alone?” she asked.
“If the radio is found, I’ll drop the issue,” Richard promised.
“You’re trip back to the old settlement comes with the risk of being captured by the Augs,” Josephine said with a disapproving look.
“I’ll be careful, and as promised, you are welcome to come with me,” Richard replied, but Josephine only glared at him and did not respond to his offer. “It’s just a quick trip to confirm my suspicions,” Richard added.
“I’m not going with you, it’s unfair to burden Dakota with two riders,” Josephine remarked.
“So you’re letting me go by myself?” Richard asked hesitantly.
“You are free to do what you want. If you’re asking whether or not I approve, I don’t. If you promise me that you will not engage the Augs if you see them, or do anything else heroic, then I will worry less in your absence,” Josephine replied.
“I can promise that,” Richard said.
“When are you planning to leave me?” Josephine asked.
“The sooner I go, the sooner I will be back in your arms,” Richard replied.
“Alright, then kiss me, and go if you must, but do not expect me to let you off this easily next time. A promise is a promise, and I will hold you to your word,” Josephine insisted.
“I love you,” Richard said as he kissed her good-bye.
Josephine remained in bed long after Richard had left. She was irritated with him, but at the same time she knew he would not rest until he found the radio. She also knew his instincts were sharp, and if he was concerned about something, it was likely for a good reason.
“Have you seen Richard?” Jake asked, when he saw Josephine coming out of her room.
“He left a little while ago,” she replied.
“Will he be back soon?” Jake asked.
“In a few days,” she sighed. “He’s gone back to the old settlement to look for Dr. Stone’s helicopter. Apparently, there is supposed to be a radio in it, but he’s concerned that Dr. Stone took it, and might use it to contact the Augs,” Josephine said in an unhappy tone.
“He doesn’t like him very much, does he?” Jake remarked.
“No. He blames him for the death of his friends and family,” Josephine replied.
“Well, Dr. Stone certainly has altered history, but if he had not invented augmentation, I’m sure someone other idiot would have,” Jake remarked.
“Perhaps, I just wish Richard would settle down,” Josephine said with a sigh.
“He is a good man, and I am happy the two of you are together. Unfortunately, he has dedicated his life to fighting the Augs, and that’s going to make him difficult to live with. On the bright side, if anyone has the strength to make the relationship work, it’s you,” Jake remarked.
“I just hope he stays out of trouble,” Josephine frowned.
“He’ll be fine, you’ll see,” Jake said as he patted her on the shoulder before leaving.
Chapter 14
Richard located the helicopter two miles southeast of the old settlement. After a brief search inside the chopper, he found the Satcom radio under the front seat on the floor. Richard turned the radio on and it automatically scanned the frequency spectrum for a satellite-linked signal. Within a few moments, the radio locked on to an open channel and Richard heard a few broken words through background noise.
“There’s another one… on the hill… fire!”
Richard climbed up on Dakota’s back and held the radio up in the air hoping the signal would improve.
“Just one left at bearing 237!” 
“Roger that … target acquired… fire… that’s another kill for the 163rd!”
Richard’s couldn’t believe his ears, Augs never expressed emotion like that, and he knew they must have been human. 
“Hello, hello... can you hear me?” Richard said as he depressed the transmit button on the side of the radio.
“Who is this?” a voice replied abruptly.
“This is Richard of the northern clan,” he responded, unsure how to properly identify himself.
“Richard, how do we know you’re not some clever Aug trying to deceive us?” the man replied.
“I’m not an Aug!” Richard yelled back with emphasis. “Surely you can tell by my voice that I’m human!”
“You might be who you say you are, or you might not. What is your current location?” the man asked.
“I’m about forty miles south of the Canadian boarder on the eastern edge of Glacier National Park.”
“You are too far east for us to safely reach you. You’ll have to go west to Chief Mountain if you want to meet with us in person,” the man said.
“Yes,” Richard replied.
“Okay we’ll see you in an hour on the eastern slope of the mountain. If you are who you say, then you’ll be able to reach us,” the man replied.
“I’ll be there!” Richard replied in a confident tone as he put the radio in his pack. Then he gently nudged Dakota with he heels and directed him westward. Dakota neighed and then started galloping along effortlessly while Richard kept an eye out for patrolling Augs. 
When they reached the base of Chief Mountain, the trees slowly thinned out and Richard tugged gently on Dakota’s mane.
“Okay buddy, let’s take it slow,” he said as they started their ascent. Dakota’s hoofs dug into the loose soil and with each step a cascade of dirt and rocks tumbled down the slope behind them.
“Good boy,” Richard said in a soft encouraging tone as they continued up the windswept slope. The sparse vegetation slowly gave way to a few patches of snow as the sound of Pika’s barking echoed through the thinning air.
“You can stop anytime, we’re high enough,” Richard said after checking the digimap. Dakota took a few more steps, and then paused when he reached a small flat depression. After Richard jumped down, Dakota turned his backside into the wind and flattened his ears back as sporadic gusts of wind blew his mane around.
“I wonder where they are?” Richard remarked after scanning the hillside with his binoculars. Dakota flicked his tail and pawed at the ground signaling his displeasure with the locale. Richard looked around for another minute, and when he spotted a column of eight tanks approaching from the north. They were driving slow, delicately maneuvering their way up a narrow roadbed that ended not far from where Richard was standing.
“Let’s go,” he said after climbing up on Dakota’s back. Dakota slowly crossed over to the old roadbed and then paused when he saw the large metal beasts approaching.
“It’s okay, they are on our side,” Richard whispered in Dakota’s ear while patting him. Then he turned on his pulse rife in case they were not. The lead tank came to a stop a few hundred yards away and Richard waited to dismount until he saw a young scruffy looking man hop out of it and wave. Richard jumped down and then cautiously walked towards him, keeping one hand on his pulse rifle.
“Hello, it’s nice to meet you Richard,” he said as they shook hands. “I’m Captain Mitchell Walker of the 163rd cavalry regiment of the Black Horse Troopers. It’s an honor to meet you sir. I am sorry we had to ask you to come all the way up here, but the Augs can be very tricky and will stop at nothing to capture or kill us.”
“Have we met before?” Richard asked, taken a back by the man’s overly friendly demeanor.
“No sir, but my men and I are at your service,” the Captain offered.
“I think you’ve mistaken me for someone else?” Richard replied.
“You are the same Richard who led the attack on the Augs’ production facility in Great Falls aren’t you?”
“I led the assault team, but how do you know about that?” Richard asked in a surprised tone.
“We have several Satcom radios that we use to communicate between our unit and some of the more remote clans. On occasion, the Augs’ communications cross over onto our frequencies and we can listen in on what they are saying. The day you destroyed the production facility, we were able to hear some of the action as it unfolded. It was the first time I have ever heard panic and confusion coming from the Aug’s command structure. You really shook things up down there, and we want to join up with your tactical team,” Captain Walker offered.
“I appreciate your support, but I don’t have a team. In fact, there were just four of us who pulled off the attack on the production facility, and two of them didn’t make it back,” Richard admitted.
“Darn it, I was hoping we could join forces,” Captain Walker said with a sigh.
“How many are in your unit?” Richard asked.
“There are a few hundred of us left from Troop E of the 163rd, plus we have a couple hundred volunteers that help us on and off.”
“Troop E? I never heard of it, where were you stationed?” Richard asked.
“We were training out of Fort Harrison down in Helena when the mandate for augmentation came out. Most of the soldiers were willing to have the operation until a classified memo surfaced that revealed the implements were not benign. At that point, I realized this was not just a soldier enhancement program, so I showed the memo to my commanding officer. He claimed the memo was nothing more than a practical joke and demanded that I have my troops augmented as scheduled. I pretended to follow his orders while I informed my men about the truth. The night before we were scheduled for augmentation, we seized all of the military hardware on the base and headed north with it. By the time the commander realized what had happened, we were long gone, and they didn’t have any way of chasing after us. We had taken all twenty-four brand new GDLS tanks, fifty-two crates of Raptor XR600 pulse riles, and a few crates of grenades for good measure. The pulse rifles were a special treat, as they were an unissued high-powered prototype, and we stole them all,” Captain Walker said with a twinkle in his eye.
“So your whole Troop went AWOL?” Richard asked.
“As members of the National Guard, we have sworn to defend our country from all threats, both internal and abroad. I think we can all agree that the Augs represent an unparalleled threat to our nation and beyond,” Captain Walker insisted
“I agree completely,” Richard replied. “You have no idea how relieved I am that your unit defected and that there are so many other humans still alive. We were beginning to think we might be all that were left.”
“Well I’m happy to say there are still a few of us hiding up north, but it’s been a hard fight. The infectious mosquitoes have prevented us from attacking the Augs to the south. That’s why we were so excited when you took them by surprise and destroyed their facility,” Captain Walker said with a grin.
 “I don’t understand why the Augs haven’t brought in more troops and firepower if they know about your existence,” Richard questioned.
“After the Augs gained control of the planet, there was no need for a large military infrastructure because they do not wage war on their own kind. The truth is, the Augs have been waging a war of attrition, letting their mosquitoes and mother nature do the dirty work for them. Why would they risk lives and resources if all they have to do is keep us isolated?” Captain Walker said in a matter-of-fact tone.
“Do you have an assessment of what military force they do have in the area?” Richard asked.
“Yes, we know the Augs were well prepared to defend the production facility against a full scale attack, but we could never get far enough south to reach them because of the mosquitoes. Based on recent radio intercepts and what we have seen in the field, they have a few dozen GDLS tanks and a half-dozen Lockheed mobile rocket launchers. We also know they have been moving some of their assets northward ever since you attacked the facility. In an effort to stop them from reaching our settlement to the north, we have come down to repel them,” Captain Walker revealed.
“I was afraid they would become more aggressive if I hit their production facility, but what choice did I have after they pushed us to the brink of extinction?” Richard admitted.
“You did the right thing, and your efforts might help us turn the tide. I am curious though, how have you eluded infection?” Captain Walker asked.
“We stumbled onto a small clan living pretty far south of the border that found a natural protectant. It’s an obscure little fern that if taken daily kills the larva before it has a chance to implant. The down side is that it also prevents females from becoming pregnant. Kind of a win-lose solution,” Richard remarked.
“Amazing… I wish we had known about that fern, then we could have gone down there and attacked the facility long ago.”
“Well, it’s in rubble now,” Richard added.
“What I can’t believe is that you and your friends pulled it off without any armored support,” Captain Walker admitted.
“We were very lucky, but we had the element of surprise, and we were also fortunate enough to have located the cache of weapons that you left behind in Simms. Those two things gave us the advantage we needed,” Richard said with a thankful smile.
“I noticed you had one of our rifles,” Captain Walker commented as he glanced at Richard’s side. “We hid the excess supplies there, thinking we could retrieve them at a later date, but it proved to be out of our reach. I’m sure glad you and your friends found them however.”
“It made all the difference,” Richard acknowledged. “So, you mentioned that there are other clans living further north?”
“Yeah, there are literally dozens of small groups living in the far northern parts of Canada. As I mentioned before, we have been using our radios to communicate information and help each other survive by trading food, medicines, fuel, you name it,” Captain Walker revealed.
“We tried to go north, but the mosquitoes over-took us and we ran out of food. That’s when I concocted the suicidal attack plan,” Richard said as he looked away.
“Perhaps your clan would like to come north and join with us?” Captain Walker offered.
“I appreciate the offer, but I doubt they will want to move. The clan just recently finished building a mountain stronghold out of the Aug’s reach,” Richard replied.
“Okay, but if things change, call me on your radio. Oh, and one more thing, if you ever do come north, be prepared to receive a hero’s welcome,” Captain Walker revealed.
“What are you talking about?” Richard replied in a confused tone.
“Whether you realize it or not, you have a considerable following. Your attack on the production facility gave people hope when they thought there was none, and united them against our enemy. People want to fight back against the Augs, Richard, but the leader they idolized is a distant rumor, a figment of their imagination. Without your direct involvement, the momentum will fade, and the clans will go their separate ways,” Captain Walker admitted.
“There is no way my actions have bolstered that kind of support, you’re kidding, right?” Richard scoffed.
“Not at all. If you come join with us, you will see the hope in their eyes and the will to fight in their hearts. You and I both know that we’re going to need every available person to come together in order to defeat the Augs,” Captain Walker pleaded.
“I will radio you when I get back to my clan and let you know if they are willing to join forces. I’m just not sure if they will want to leave after putting so much effort into the new settlement,” Richard replied.
“That’s understandable, but there is strength in numbers, and we can offer military grade support,” Captain Walker replied.
“I appreciate the offer, and I will contact you in a day or two to let you know the outcome,” Richard promised.
“I will be listening for you, but don’t divulge anything too important, when you use the radio, the Augs can hear us, just as we can hear them,” Captain Walker warned.
“Understood,” Richard replied as he whistled for Dakota to come over. As the horse approached, Richard noticed a strange expression on Captain Walker’s face and asked, “What’s wrong?”
“I know that horse,” he replied as if he had just seen a ghost. Dakota neighed and flicked his ears, but he would not leave Richard’s side.
“You know him?” Richard asked.
“Yes, he was under my care at Fort Harrison. He was the base commander’s horse and I was one of his trainers. When the Augs sent out the order to turn in our horses at Great Falls for ‘processing’, I loaded him and the other seven cavalry horses into the trailer. Then I drove them towards Great Falls, but before I reached the city, I let them all go near the national forest. I was hoping they could make it on their own, but I never expected to see any of them again,” Captain Walker said as he stared at the cavalry brand on Dakota’s flank in disbelief.
Dakota snorted and stomped when Captain Walker touched his side, and it was clear he wasn’t going anywhere without Richard.
“He remembers me, but I think he remembers the hours of training I put him through more,” Captain Walker admitted as Dakota backed away from him.
“You don’t want him back do you?” Richard asked hesitantly.
“Oh gosh no, I have a tank to take me places,” Captain Walker joked. “I am curious though, did you also find the other horses?”
“No, I’m sorry he’s the only one, but I didn’t find him, Dakota found me. I spent a night in Simms on my way back from the production facility, and the next morning I woke to find him in the room with me. He hasn’t left my side since. I’m not overly familiar with horses, but he is a remarkable creature who has saved my life on several occasions,” Richard admitted as he rubbed Dakota’s neck.
“That’s odd, because he was the most ill tempered, stubborn horse I have ever had to train for the military. In fact, I am certain he liked to do things just to make me look bad on purpose,” Captain Walker exclaimed.
“Really? He’s always been such a help to me,” Richard said with a doubting look.
 “Well maybe he’s changed his tune for you, but let me tell you what he did while I was in charge of him. One hot summer day I left I him tied up for moment outside the base commander’s office so I could refill his water trough. While I was gone, he untied his reigns, went inside the commander’s office, and dropped a steamy load of road apples right on his desk. You can only imagine the smell those created after a few hours in the heat. When the commander discovered the lovely gift, he thought I was playing a practical joke on him. Needless to say, I was cleaning latrines for a month after that incident. Another time he busted out of his paddock and led me on a thirty minute chase around the fort,” Captain Walker joked.
“I’m surprised you didn’t turn him into Great Falls for processing,” Richard replied with a laugh.
“Yeah, it crossed my mind, but in all truth you have to be a horse person to train them, so despite his efforts to humiliate me, he was never going to be Aug food.”
“Yeah, he’s a really good horse and I would be lost without him,” Richard said as he patted him again.
“Well Richard, it’s been a pleasure to meet you, but we had better get back before it gets too late. Remember what I said about your influence, and consider all that we might accomplish if we work together.” 
“I will,” Richard replied. Then he hopped up on Dakota and headed south.
Chapter 15
Richard was anxious to get back to the clan and tell them about the Black Horse Troopers. He couldn’t wait to see the expressions on their faces when they realized they were not alone and that there were literally a dozen other clans living in Canada. Richard hoped that Jake and the others would want to join forces with the Black Horse Troopers, but he knew it would be a tough sell.
Richard rode on figuring he could get back to the settlement before dark, but the afternoon sun was already dipping behind the taller peaks. Dakota quickened his pace as they climbed Piegan Pass and when they crested it, Richard could hear the distant sound of thunder echoing off the mountains. As they continued on, the rumblings became louder and flashes of light lit up the night sky all around Matahpi Peak. Richard wondered why the storm was stalled over that area, but as he and Dakota continued towards it, the thunder quieted down.
By the time they reached the top of Siyeh Pass, all traces of the storm clouds were gone, but Richard cried out in horror at what he saw in the moonlit valley below. The Granite Mountain settlement had been obliterated. The glacier had been blasted into shards, and the surrounding area was pot marked with dozens of craters from where rockets had exploded. His heart sank into his chest as Dakota galloped down the pass towards the ruined settlement. When they reached the edge of the meadow, Dakota paused, seeming reluctant to enter the blast zone. The eerie glow from the moon revealed chunks of glacial ice and bits of granite were all that was left of the once pristine alpine valley. Dakota snorted, as the smell of burnt ordnance and charred items permeated the air. Richard looked on in dismay as Dakota cautiously navigated through the debris. When they reached the area that seemed to be the hardest hit, Dakota suddenly stopped and lowered his head to sniff a pale lifeless body resting on the ground. Richard immediately dismounted and turned the body over to see who it was, and then cried when he recognized his friend Ethan. His poor face was charred on one side, and he looked far too young and innocent to have met such a horrific end. Richard gently closed Ethan’s glossy eyes and then said a prayer for him. He was a good kid and he deserved so much more from life than what he had been dealt. It infuriated Richard beyond measure to see such innocence stripped away. He took off his jacket and placed it over Ethan’s body, and then continued his search for survivors on foot. A few feet away, he found another lifeless body disfigured beyond recognition. Further up he discovered several more lost souls, and each time he knelt down to examine them, he prayed it wouldn’t be Josephine. When he reached the last victim, he could tell it was a female who was close in size to Josephine. Richard slowly lifted the body from the ground and turned her over as his heart raced in fear. It wasn’t her, he quickly realized, feeling both happy and sad at the same time. After gently placing the body back down he immediately made his way over to the base of the mountain where he thought the tunnel should be. Richard stopped several times to check his bearings, but there was no sign of the opening as he frantically searched along the rock face. Part of the mountain was still covered in glacial ice, and Richard pounded the butt of his rifle against it in an effort to locate the opening. After several minutes of battering the frozen wall in anger, it shattered, revealing the hidden tunnel. Richard quickly removed the excess rubble from around the opening and crawled through. Then he used the light from the pulse rifle’s display screen to guide him along. The interior of the tunnel appeared sound and seemed to have survived the attack.
“Hello, is anyone in here?” Richard shouted out. His voice echoed down the tunnel, and a reply came echoing back.
“Richard, is that you?” Jake’s telltale voice reverberated in the confined space.
“Yes!” Richard replied. “Thank god you’re alright. Is the rest of the clan with you?”
“Just a moment,” Jake said as he came running up the tunnel to meet him.
“Is Josephine alright?” Richard asked the moment Jake appeared.
“Yes, everyone else is further back inside the tunnel with the exception of Ethan, Mark, and Sue. The three of them stayed behind to make sure everyone else got to the tunnel as quickly as possible.”
“I’m sorry to say they didn’t make it,” Richard replied in painful tone.
“Oh… I thought they might have been safe that deep inside the glacier,” Jake replied.
“The glacier has been destroyed,” Richard said with a cringe.
“You mean damaged?” Jake questioned.
“No, it’s totally destroyed. There’s nothing left of it, or the settlement outside,” Richard replied as he looked down.
Jake lowered his head and started to cuss under his breath. “It’s all my fault… I thought we were safe up here! I thought they couldn’t reach us!”
“How could you have known that the Augs had rocket launchers, or that they would have even targeted the settlement?” Richard replied in an effort to console him.
“It is my fault, I didn’t take your advice about Dr. Stone seriously, and he left shortly after you did,” Jake revealed.
“Damn it Jake, I told you to watch him. Why didn’t you let me kill him? Now, everything we’ve accomplished is in jeopardy of being reversed!” Richard shouted in an angry and frustrated tone.
“I know, I know, I blew it. I just didn’t think he would go back to the Augs and betray us. After all, we took him in and gave him asylum even knowing his past,” Jake said apologetically.
“He is an Aug, maybe not the same as the rest, but he is one of them,” Richard replied.
“What should we do now… everything we have built is gone, and the Augs know where we are.”
“We can assume that Dr. Stone will start working to create new parent worms as soon as possible. All we have to do is determine what location has equipment sophisticated enough to do that, and attack it if it’s within reach. In the meantime, we should move the clan north, and join forces with the Black Horse Troopers,” Richard suggested.
“Who are they?” Jake asked, looking confused.
“Well, the good news is that we are not alone, in fact there are a number of clans living to the north that are under the protection of the Black Horse Troopers. They are a well organized, well armed National Guard unit that defected when this whole mess started,” Richard explained.
“How did you find them?” Jake asked.
“When I found the Satcom radio back at Dr. Stone’s chopper, I turned it on, and I heard the Troopers conducting an offensive against the Augs. To make a long story short, we met up, and they suggested we pool our resources. Their leader is Captain Mitchell Walker, and I believe they are our best chance for survival,” Richard explained.
“That sounds like a good plan. I’ll have everyone gather their things, and we’ll leave before daybreak,” Jake announced.
“That would probably be best. The Augs may resume the attack if they realize anyone survived,” Richard replied.
“Alright, but I want you to take over as the leader of the clan,” Jake insisted.
“No way, most of the survivors are your people,” Richard replied.
“In case you haven’t noticed, the clan is not divided into your people and mine. The clan is one, and they need one leader,” Jake argued.
“You have been here for them, and they look to you as their leader,” Richard contended.
“This tragedy marks the end of my reign, I can’t do it any more. I’ve made too many mistakes to consider myself a good leader. Besides, you have done more to secure our survival than anyone else. The fact of the matter is that many of them already see you as their leader. They still respect my authority, but truth be told, you are the one they trust above all else. Like it or not, Richard, you are the leader of this clan.”
“I’ll be outside,” Richard replied, without acknowledging Jake’s wishes. “I need to radio the Troopers and let them know we’re coming.”
“Okay, but I’m stepping down whether you like it or not,” Jake replied. Richard shook his head disapprovingly and then went outside.
“Come in Captain Walker, come in?” Richard said as he held the radio up to his ear.
“Go ahead, we’re receiving you loud and clear,” Captain Walker replied.
“We’re on our way,” Richard announced.
“Roger that, we’ll meet you at the same location as before. What’s your ETA?”
“Give us forty-eight hours to reach the rendezvous point, we’re on foot,” Richard replied.
“10-4, be advised that there is a winter storm advisory for the higher mountains. There are also reports that the Augs have mobilized additional tanks and artillery, so watch your step if you head out of the mountains to avoid the storm,” Captain Walker advised.
“Understood, I have some bad news…”
“Don’t say any more,” Captain Walker interrupted. The Augs may be listening. We’ll talk face to face soon enough…over and out.” Richard turned off the radio and just as he was about to go back in the tunnel, Josephine came running over to him.
“Thank God you’re alright,” she said with teary eyes.
“I’m fine,” Richard replied. “I was terrified that I had lost you when I saw what happened to the camp,” Richard exclaimed.
“When the first shells hit, most of us were already inside. Ethan and a couple others helped those who were not…” Josephine remarked as she wiped her face.
“They were all very brave, and saved many lives,” Richard replied as he held Josephine’s hand.
“Any luck?” Jake asked as he came out to check on them.
“Yes, I spoke to the leader of the Black Horse Troopers and they will meet us at the base of Chief Mountain. From there, they will take us north to their main encampment. They have advised me that the weather is supposed to deteriorate in the mountains over the next few days so we may be forced to drop into the foothills to avoid it,” Richard cautioned.
“Do you think it would wise to get within the Aug’s reach?” Jake replied.
“If the storm is bad, we may have no other choice.”
“Maybe we should wait until the storm passes?” Jake suggested.
“I think we should leave now. If the storm is as bad as it sounds, we’ll be stuck here if the passes get too much snow, ” Richard replied. 
“Alright, I’ll let everyone know we’re heading out now.”
“You were right about Dr. Stone, he is an evil, vile man without a shred of decency,” Josephine admitted once Jake was gone. 
“I am sorry he betrayed your trust, the next time I see him will be the last,” Richard promised.
“I think that would be best,” Josephine added with a vengeful tone in her voice.
After a few moments, Jake reappeared and one by one the survivors climbed out of the tunnel and got their first look at the destruction. Each one gasped as the moonlight revealed a landscape befitting another world. A few of them broke out in tears while others cried when they saw the bodies in the rubble.
“We’re ready to go… lead the way,” Jake announced once everyone was outside.
“Alright,” Richard replied, as he looked over the bedraggled group of shell-shocked survivors. “I know this attack has discouraged and disheartened many of you. I know the loss of Ethan, Mark, and Sue has dealt us yet another emotional blow, but we are not alone in this fight. There are dozens of clans to the north working together. We are going to join forces with them, and like the phoenix, we shall rise from the ashes and exact our revenge.” Richard felt as if his words of encouragement were lacking, but Josephine patted him on the back once they departed.
Chapter 16
Richard led the clan to the base of Mt. Gold where he decided to stop and let everyone rest for the remainder of the night. The following morning brought cooler temperatures and after the blue sky clouded over, it started to snow. Richard pushed on, hoping the snow would let up, but conditions only worsened. By midday, the ground was covered in six inches of heavy wet snow, and Richard stopped at a fork in the trail to assess the situation.
“Are you’re still planning to follow the divide trail?” Jake asked as he made his way over to Richard.
“No, the storm is getting worse, I’m going to head down into the foothills so we can avoid the worst of it,” he replied.
“I thought Captain Walker said the Augs had increased their patrols along the foothills?” Jake questioned.
“They have, but freezing to death is not an option that I’m willing to consider. All we have left from the attack on Granite Mountain is a few thin animal skin tents, and some worn out blankets. That’s not enough to protect us if the temperature really drops overnight,” Richard insisted.
“I think we should continue along the divide trail, we are over halfway to the meeting place, and the weather doesn’t seem all that bad. Besides, we don’t know how long the Black Horse Troopers will wait for us,” Jake argued.
“I’d rather be late, than not arrive at all!” Richard replied.
“Why risk being captured by the Augs? Let’s push on as originally planned,” Jake contended.
“I’m not going to fight the weather, we’re dropping down out of the mountains now!” Richard insisted.
“I’m not,” Jake replied in an insolent tone. “Staying along the divide is far better than being attacked by the Augs again.”
“Jake you have asked me to lead the clan, yet you’re questioning my every move, why is that?” Richard asked.
“I don’t want to be captured by the Augs, and we don’t have the firepower to repel them,” Jake replied.
“I think you’re overreacting, the odds are we won’t even see any Augs since we’re only going to be down there for one night,” Richard asserted.
“Bull shit, you’re leading us right towards them, and I won’t be part of it. The safest route is through the mountains where we can’t be captured or killed,” Jake said in an angry tone.
“Pull yourself together!” Richard replied sharply. “The storm is more likely to kill us than the Augs!”
“Screw you! I’d rather stay up here where it’s safe than follow you down into the enemies’ lair!” Jake retorted.
“I’m not going to argue with you, do what you want!” Richard replied, throwing his hands up into the air.
Jake stormed off, and then after a few minutes of cursing, he waved his arms and shouted for the clan to gather around him. 
“Richard wants to head down into the foothills where we are almost certain to be captured or killed by the Augs. I think we should stay up here and face the storm rather than the Augs. Now who’s with me?” Jake said in an optimistic tone. A dozen or so clan members raised their hands until Richard stepped in and interrupted the spectacle.
“Jake may want to face the storm, but it’s a risky plan. We do not have an adequate number of tents, blankets, and warm clothing to protect us if the storm gets worse. The best course of action is to drop down into the foothills and avoid the worst of it. Yes, we will be within the Aug’s reach, but I believe the risk of discovery is very low. I leave it up to each of you to decide which path is best, but remember, the smaller the group, the lower our chances of survival,” Richard warned.
Jake stormed around in a circle like a vulture waiting to land while the clan members talked amongst themselves. Then he blurted out, “I’m not going down there, follow me if you want to live, or follow Richard if you want to die!” Then he abruptly broke away from the group and started heading north along the divide trail. Four clan members followed after him, but as Jake looked back over his shoulder to see who was loyal, his son Sean was noticeably absent from the group. “What’s wrong Sean,” Jake yelled out in a hostile tone. “Are you afraid of a little snow?” Sean looked over at Richard without responding. “Fine, stay behind you little pussy, but Richard is leading you to your death, you’ll see. Don’t forget what happened to your brother Matt, he followed Richard too!” Sean did not budge. He loved his father, but he was acting irrational, and his gut instinct was telling him to trust Richard. As he stood there stewing in feelings of guilt and betrayal, an icy blast of wind and snow obscured his view, and when the wind subsided, his father was gone.
“You made the decision,” Richard said in a fatherly tone. “Two weeks ago I was caught in a storm much like this one, and had it not been for Dakota, I might not have made it.”
“That’s what I don’t understand about my dad, he knows just how dangerous the weather can be, yet he’s going right into the worst of it. It’s not like him to be so irresponsible, and endanger the lives of others just to prove a point. I think he might be suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder resulting from the attack last night,” Sean concluded.
“Has your father ever been in a major attack like that before?” Richard asked.
“No, we’ve had a few skirmishes with the Augs near the old settlement, but they always tucked tail and ran when we fired at them. I guess the combination of the attack last night coupled with the news about Matt must have affected him more than anyone realized,” Sean surmised.
“After we drop down into the foothills and set up camp, I’ll take Dakota back up and see if I can catch up with them. Maybe I can convince them to turn around before it’s too late,” Richard offered.
“That would mean a lot to me….  perhaps he will have come to his senses by then,” Sean replied with a concerned look on his face.
“I hope so,” Richard said as he patted Sean on the shoulder. Then he led the remainder of the clan down the trail leading towards the foothills.
“What was that all about?” Josephine asked as they walked along together.
“Jake and a few others refused to go with us,” he replied.
“I know, but why?”
“Jake thinks we will be captured by the Augs if we camp in the foothills tonight.” 
“See Richard, I told you he was acting strange and making irrational decisions while you were gone,” Josephine remarked.
“You were right, he is not himself. Sean seems to think it’s post traumatic stress resulting from the loss of his son and the attack on the settlement,” Richard replied.
“I would agree. He thought we were invincible up there. You can’t imagine all the hard work he poured into that settlement, just to see it all wiped away in one attack. It was a devastating blow to his ego, and I think it left him feeling vulnerable and exposed,” Josephine concluded.
“I was thinking I might go back for him once we settle in for the night… it would mean a lot to Sean,” Richard said in a hesitant tone.
“You promised that you would not leave me. Let Sean go after his dad if he wants to, but you should stay with the clan. They need someone to reassure them that things will be alright during this difficult time,” Josephine insisted.
“Okay, but Sean will have to take Dakota if he’s going to have any chance of catching up with them,” Richard replied.
“Are you okay with that?” Josephine asked.
“It’s up to Dakota. I think he’ll let Sean ride him, but if not, I’m not going to force him,” Richard replied.
“You’re giving Dakota the same amount of respect as a person?” Josephine questioned.
“He deserves it, horses have suffered as much, or even more than we have,” Richard remarked.
“You’re good person,” Josephine said as she reached for Richard’s hand.
“I’m just trying to do what’s right,” he replied.
“That’s all anyone can ask of you,” Josephine said as they continued down the trail.
The snow gradually let up once they reached the foothills, but Richard pushed on a little further. He wanted to find a sheltered location that would be easy to defend in case the Augs got lucky and actually found them.
“What do think of this spot?” Richard asked when they came upon a small flat-toped knoll that was surrounded by a mixture of fir and pine trees on three sides and a small creek on the other.
“It looks good to me,” Josephine replied.
“Alright everyone, let’s set up here for the night, then we’ll head back into the mountains come morning. If anyone wants my help just ask,” Richard said as he started to unpack his things. A few minutes later Sean came over and stood in front of Josephine’s and Richard’s half erected tent.
“What can I help you with?” Richard asked when he noticed him.
“Are you still planning to go back up after my dad?” he asked.
“I’m sorry, my responsibilities are with the clan, so I’m not going to be able to go. If Dakota will let you ride him, then you are more than welcome to take him and head back up there yourself,” Richard offered.
“I would like to go, but I haven’t ridden a horse in years,” Sean replied.
“Well let’s see if Dakota will let you up on him before we commit to anything more,” Richard said as he whistled a couple of times. Dakota came trotting over and then rested his head on Richard’s shoulder. “Now Dakota, I want you to take Sean for a ride,” Richard said in soft voice. Dakota flicked his ears back and forth as Sean gently grabbed his mane and pulled himself up. Once Sean was firmly seated Richard led Dakota over to the trail and took him up it a short distance. “What do you think?” Richard asked as he looked up a Sean.
“I think I’m good,” Sean replied.
“Okay, he’s a very smart horse, just give him a light tug on the side of his mane in the direction you want to go, and he’ll do the rest. If you want him to stop just pull back on his mane, be firm but gentle. Talk to him, and reassure him if he starts to get edgy. If you find your dad, tell him we found a safe place to camp and try to convince him to come join us. If the storm gets worse, come back immediately. I don’t want to lose you, or Dakota,” Richard exclaimed.
“I’ll come back before dark either way,” Sean promised.
“Good luck, I’ll see you soon,” Richard said as he watched Dakota and Sean disappear up the trail.
“Did Sean leave?” Josephine asked when Richard returned to the tent.
“Yeah,” Richard sighed.
“So Dakota let Sean ride him?”
“He did,” Richard replied with a look of disappointment.
“And your short answers to my questions must mean you are worried about them?” Josephine surmised.
“Yes, you know me all too well,” Richard replied, as he finished helping her erect the tent.
“Well, try not to worry. I’ve known Sean for many years, and he is an experienced outdoorsman. He may be soft spoken, but on the inside he is a survivor just like you and I,” Josephine said as she encouraged him to come to bed.
After several hours, Richard crawled out of his sleeping bag and quietly left the tent. Then he paced around the camp anxiously as the cloudy sky slowly darkened.
“What’s wrong?” Josephine asked when she saw him peek in at her.
“They’re still not back,” he replied in distraught tone. “I’m going to go up the trail a little bit and see if I can find them.”
“It’s getting dark, I’ll come with you,” Josephine replied as she retrieved her coat. As they started up the trail, a figure came running down towards them through the darkness. Richard immediately reached for his pulse rifle until he realized it was Sean.
“What happened? Where’s Dakota?” Richard yelled out.
“Dakota got spooked and bucked me off several miles up the trail,” Sean replied in a distressed tone.
“Why?” Richard demanded.
“He smelled something, or saw something, I don’t really know… but he dumped me off, and then galloped away. I tried to follow after him, but he was just too fast,” Sean replied as his eyes began to water.
“Which way did he go?” Richard said in an angry tone.
“South, but I was hoping he might have come back here,” Sean blubbered.
“He didn’t,” Richard replied sharply.
“I’m so sorry, I tried to find him, but the snow covered his tracks after I lost sight of him. I’ll go back and continue looking for him,” Sean offered.
“No, there is no way we can track him in the dark, on foot, during a storm,” Richard replied as he kicked a large snow covered log with his foot.
“I could stay behind tomorrow and see if he shows up?” Sean suggested.
“No, I can’t afford to lose anyone else, especially my only medic. Just go back to your tent and get some rest.” Richard said in a more civil tone.
“Dakota knows how to survive on his own,” Josephine interjected in an effort to reassure him.
“I know, but I was kind of fond of that little fellow,” Richard admitted.
“He’ll be alright, he’s a smart horse,” Josephine added as she walked Richard back to the camp.
Throughout the night, Richard kept waking up each time he heard the slightest noise, hoping it was Dakota and not the Augs. Neither was the case, and when it started to get light out, Richard searched the nearby woods. When he returned, the clan had packed up their things and were patiently waiting for him.
“Let’s go,” Richard said in sharp tone, as he cut over to an old pack trail that lead towards Chief Mountain.
“No luck?” Josephine asked in a tentative tone.
“Gone without a trace,” he replied. “I just hope the Augs didn’t get him.”
“I won’t leave you,” she whispered in his ear.
“Good, because my heart can only be broken so many times… and if I lost you, I would have nothing left,” Richard replied.
“Nonsense, you will always have something to live for because you believe in humanity. Against all odds you infiltrated the enemy’s most protected facility and broke the chains of our enslavement. You have proven that we are still a force to be reckoned with, and despite the many advantages they hold over us, we can adapt and overcome. Without your efforts and leadership, who knows how many more lives would have been lost to the infectious mosquitoes,” Josephine asserted.
“Luck had more to do with those things than anything else,” Richard replied.
“Where you see luck, I see a man who is courageous, intelligent and daring. A man who is hell-bent on making a difference and would give his life to save another’s,” Josephine insisted.
“I am none of those things,” Richard replied.
“Wrong, you are all of them, and that’s why the vast majority of the clan followed you, a relative stranger, instead of Jake whom they have known for years.” Richard looked away, he knew her overall assessment of him was true, but he had a hard time accepting praise. It was as if accepting the accolades made him superior to others, a persona he despised. Richard felt that everyone had an equal share of unique skills and talents, it was just more obvious in some that others.
By midday, the sun broke through the clouds and the temperature rose above freezing. Richard noticed one of the girls was limping, so he stopped when they came to a small steam.
“Is everything alright?” he asked her.
“I sprained my ankle on a large rock hidden in the snow about a mile back, and it’s really starting to hurt,” Emma replied.
“Let’s have Sean take a look at it,” Richard suggested. A few minutes later Richard came back over to check on her.
“So how bad is it?” he asked.
“I don’t think she can walk on it until the swelling subsides,” Sean replied as he poured cold water over it.
“We’re not out of the Augs’ range yet, is there any way she could limp along another couple of miles?”
“I wouldn’t recommend it, we need to reduce the swelling, otherwise it will only worsen,” Sean replied.
“You’re becoming the harbinger of bad news,” Richard remarked.
“Sorry,” Sean said apologetically.
“What’s up?” Josephine asked when she noticed Richard pacing around anxiously.
“The hair on my neck is tingling,” Richard replied.
“I thought you might be getting irritated about the delay,” Josephine remarked.
“No, I expect delays with a group this big. I just can’t shake the feeling that someone or something is watching us,” Richard replied.
“Really, do you have that feeling right now?” she asked looking around suspiciously.
“Yes,” Richard replied, as he flicked the power button on his pulse rifle.
Then as Josephine was about to tell him he was imagining things, she heard a thud in a dense cluster of trees not more than fifty feet away from them. 
“Did you hear that?” she whispered in a nervous tone.
“I did,” Richard replied as he signaled for everyone to get behind him as he aimed his pulse rifle in the direction of the noise. Another thud followed by the sound of cracking limbs drew closer, but the foliage was too dense to identify the source. Richard clutched his pulse rifle with both hands, fearing an attack was imminent when another branch snapped, followed by an unusual snorting sound. Richard placed his finger on the trigger and started to squeeze it when a large tan colored head poked through the tree limbs. “Dakota!” he shouted in excitement and disbelief, instantly lowering his weapon. Dakota trotted over to him and lowered his head so Richard could pet him. “I can’t believe it’s you, what a good boy,” Richard said in a loving tone as he the rubbed behind Dakota’s ears. A moment later Dakota turned his head and neighed loudly back in the direction he had come from, and one by one, seven other horses came out of hiding.
“Holly crap! You found your companions,” Richard said, overwhelmed by the sight. Dakota pawed at the ground as if to signal to the other horses it was okay to come over, and the horses cautiously approached the clan members. After several minutes of sniffing and being petted, the horses settled in and began eating the tuffs of grass that were taller than the snow. Richard carefully inspected each of the seven new horses for injuries, but other than being a little dirty and having some minor scrapes, they appeared to be in good health. He did notice one of them appeared to be pregnant and all of them bore the same cavalry markings as Dakota.
“I can’t believe you found your old stable mates,” Richard remarked. Dakota flicked his ears back and forth, and nibbled innocently at the exposed grass lining the edge of the creek.
“I see your buddy is back, and he has brought some friends.” Josephine said with a smile.
“I know, isn’t it unbelievable! He has his own harem, what a lucky horse,” Richard replied.
“A harem?” Josephine remarked with narrowed eyes.
“It’s a common fantasy. Some girls will do things others won’t,” Richard joked.
“Well, you won’t be needing any other girls besides me,” Josephine smirked.
“Really?” Richard said with raised eyebrows.
“Oh, you have no idea,” Josephine said with a seductive wink that made Richard blush. Realizing that his bluff had been called, he smiled back at her and then went to check on Emma.
“How is your ankle?” Richard asked.
“I’m afraid I’m not going to be able to walk on it for a while,” Emma replied.
“No problem, would you be willing to ride out the rest of the trip on horseback?” Richard asked.
“That would be great,” she replied.
After helping her up, Richard called Dakota over and then he and Sean got her seated.
“Are you good?” Richard asked. Emma nodded, and then Richard signaled that it was time to go.

“Do you think my dad and the others made it through the storm?” Sean asked as they walked along.
“I hope so, but the sooner we reach the rendezvous point, the sooner we will know,” Richard replied. Sean looked worried, but there was little Richard could do comfort him.
The clan continued on for several hours at a slow but steady pace. Richard kept an eye out for Augs, but the trail was remote, and looked as if it had not been used for decades. 
“Will we make it there before dark?” Sean asked.
“Yeah, it’s not too much further,” Richard replied.
“I noticed your horse keeps looking back and neighing every so often,” Sean remarked.
“I think he’s telling the mares to keep up,” Richard surmised.
“He has the equine version of your job,” Sean joked.
“He’s better at it,” Richard replied as he noted the low angle of the sun and then pressed on at a quicker pace.
Once they cleared the tree line on the lower slope of Chief Mountain, Richard paused to survey the area ahead with his binoculars. In the distance he saw four dark metal objects perched on the northeastern side of the mountain and sighed in relief.
“I see the troopers,” he announced. The weary clan perked up at his announcement and started walking up the hill at an accelerated pace.
“Hello Richard,” Captain Walker shouted when they were within range of his voice.
“Hello,” Richard replied. “I’m sorry we’re so late, but we had to drop down into the foothills to avoid the storm.”
“That’s what I figured. Did you run into any Augs while you were down there?” he asked.
“No. I think the inclement weather kept them from patrolling the hills,” Richard replied.
“Well that’s good. I see you have quite a following,” Captain Walker remarked.
“Yeah, we started out with twenty seven, but five members broke off and took the divide trail.”
“Why the hell did they go that way?” Captain Walker asked.
“It wasn’t my call. The leader of the original clan and four of his friends thought it was safer to go that way. I tried to persuade them that the storm posed a greater risk than the Augs, but they wouldn’t listen to me,” Richard said in an annoyed voice.
“We can wait here awhile longer to see if they show up,” Captain Walker offered.
“No, if they survived the storm, they should have been here by now, it’s a much shorter route,” Richard admitted.
“That’s true,” Captain Walker said as he eyed the caravan of horses coming up the hill towards them. “I see you found the rest of Troop 163.”
“Yeah, Dakota left us last night, and today he showed up with the seven mares in tow,” Richard laughed.
“I’ll be damned, he’s even more resourceful than I imagined,” Captain Walker noted.
“That’s not all, the chestnut colored mare looks like she’s pregnant,” Richard added.
“Wow, he has been a very busy boy,” Captain Walker said with a grin.
“Not to change the subject, but how are you planning to get all of us back to your settlement?” Richard asked.
“Three people can ride on the inside of each tank and the remainder can sit on the outside. I’ll have the drivers go slow so the horses can keep up with us. Then we’ll stop for the night when we reach the old logging camp on the other side of the border. It’s where we re-supply when we’re down in this area. Our main camp is on the north shore of Waterton Lake. We should arrive there tomorrow afternoon. Once we get you and the rest of the clan settled in, I’ll bring you up to speed on what the Augs have been doing since the attack. I’ve already taken the liberty of announcing your arrival, so we’re expecting an influx of people from the outlying clans. A lot of people are eager to help now that you’re leading the fight,” Captain Walker disclosed.
“What was that?” Richard questioned, unsure if he heard him correctly.
“You’re leading the fight… remember what we talked about last time we met?”
“Yeah, something about getting other clans to join together and whatnot, but I never agreed to lead another attack,” Richard replied.
“Well my friend, you have been nominated as the leader of the rebellion, congratulations!” Captain Walker announced. 
“I never said I would lead a rebellion. I didn’t even know there was a rebellion,” Richard replied, looking a bit bewildered and overwhelmed by the role he was expected to play.
“You lit the fuse with your attack on the production facility, there’s no turning back now,” Captain Walker insisted.
“The merits of the attack have been way overblown. I’m glad it has given people hope and encouraged them to fight, but this assumption that I can lead a rebellion is beyond my abilities,” Richard exclaimed.
“You really don’t get it, do you? A true leader is not just someone who has the authority to give orders. It’s whether or not that person has the ability to inspire others, and help them to achieve more than they ever thought possible. A true leader is recognized by the willingness of others to join together and proclaim their allegiance to them,” Captain Walker asserted.
“What’s going on?” Josephine asked having overheard part of the conversation.
“Josephine, this is Captain Walker. He is the leader of the Black Horse Troopers.”
“Hi, it’s nice to meet you,” she replied.
“Likewise,” Captain Walker said with a welcoming smile.
“Richard said you have graciously offered to let us join with you,” Josephine commented.
“Yes ma’am, we are trying to unify the scattered clans together so we can mount an offensive against the Augs. In return, we will protect those who join with us. We have a considerable amount of hardware, but we need more volunteers to defeat the enemy.”
“So you’re raising an army?” she asked suspiciously.
“Yes ma’am, with your husband’s help of course.”
Josephine didn’t correct Captain Walker’s assumption they were husband and wife, but she did give Richard a look of concern that conveyed her disapproval over his implied role in the rebellion. Richard felt the heat of her glare as he walked back over to address the clan.
“As promised, Captain Walker of the Black Horse Troopers is going to take us north so we can join with the other clans. From here on out, we can ride in and on the tanks. Please rotate every so often so that no one is stuck out in the cold for too long,” Richard added.
The clan members immediately went over to the tanks once Richard finished talking. They were a welcome sight, providing a much needed rest after ten grueling hours of hiking. Richard jumped up on the last tank in the column so that he could be close to the horses. When Josephine saw him, she came over and sat on the cold metal next to him.
“So you’re leading the rebellion now?” she remarked.
“It’s not like I signed up for it,” Richard said defensively.
“You didn’t decline the offer either.”
“I told him I wasn’t the right person for the job, but if it will make you feel better, I’ll flat-out tell him I won’t do it when we reach Waterton Lake,” Richard promised.
“No, don’t do that,” Josephine shrugged. “It is obvious that everyone is expecting you to lead the fight, and truth be told, I doubt anyone would be better at it than you. Just remember, where you go, I go, and the risks you take will impact both of us.”
“I know,” Richard sighed. 
Chapter 17
A few miles south of the border there were several burned out tanks and a crude sign along the road that read, ‘Death Row’. As they drove further, they passed by several more damaged tanks and it was apparent that the Augs had made several attempts to reach the settlements to the north. It was a sobering sight, especially when they passed an open pit filled with dead Augs. The true magnitude of the war was beginning to settle in, and Richard realized that the events that he and the others had set into motion would have to run their course. The attack on the production facility had proven to the Augs that the remaining humans were still a threat, and it was clear that they would not overlook them a second time.
“Is this the work of the troopers?” Josephine asked as they crossed the war torn landscape.
“Looks like it,” Richard replied. He felt uneasy about what he saw. It almost seemed like the Augs were just testing the troopers, sacrificing a few of their own for some unknown reason. What was clear, was that the Augs would try to rebuild what they had lost, and destroy the remaining survivors. What wasn’t clear, was which one they planned to do first.
When the tanks reached the old logging camp, the troopers helped Richard’s clan set up their tents and then started a fire so everyone could have a hot meal. While they were doing that, Richard and Josephine checked on the horses.
“How are you?” Richard said in a soft voice as he brought Dakota a handful of dried berries. Dakota nudged him with his head and then proceeded to eat the berries. It wasn’t much, but Richard wanted Dakota to know how much he had missed him. Once the berries were gone, Dakota went over to the river and got a drink. The mares followed after him, and it was clear that whatever he did, they copied.
“Hey Richard,” Captain Walker called out. “Did you see our handy work along the road?”
“I sure did, what do you think they were up to?” Richard replied.
“I don’t know, we ran into them on our way down to meet you.”
“I couldn’t tell you over the radio, but they attacked the settlement before I even made back to it,” Richard said in regretful tone.
“I thought you were out of their reach?” Captain Walker said in a surprised tone.
“On foot yes, but I think they came up the road to the southeast, and shelled us from below the eight-thousand foot level,” Richard replied.
“I wonder how they knew where you where?” Captain Walker asked.
“I don’t have any idea,” Richard replied. He knew it was a lie, but trying to explain Dr. Stone’s involvement was going to be difficult. Equally hard would be justifying why he didn’t kill him when he had the chance.
“How many clansmen did you lose?” Captain Walker asked in a hesitant tone.
“Three, but one of them was a close friend of mine... he was part of my assault team,” Richard said with an air of regret and disappointment.
“I’m sorry,” Captain Walker said as he excused himself to go check on his men. 
“It wasn’t your fault,” Josephine said as she held Richard’s hand for a moment.
“I know,” Richard replied. He was especially protective of Ethan and his death was harder than most to accept. His loss represented the epitome of injustice. Richard knew that the defection of Dr. Stone, and the attack on the settlement was not a coincidence. Richard swore under his breath that Dr. Stone would pay for every drop of spilled blood.
After Richard and Josephine finished tending to the horses, they joined the others around the campfire. It was a cold night, but the fire warmed their hearts and lifted their spirits. The troopers told tales of bravery, and glorified the killing of Augs. Their half-truths were the nectar used to entice eager minds onto the battlefield. Richard knew better, but his weakness was the patriotic flag of humanity, and belief in the inalienable right that humans should be free. At least that’s what he stood for when asked why he continued to fight the Augs against all odds. But the truth was much deeper and darker, his hatred for Dr. Stone and what he had done to his family, was the real fuel for his war lust, and it burned brighter than a hundred suns.
The next morning everyone packed up their things and loaded them on the tanks. After Captain Walker inspected the line, he hopped into his tank and headed north towards Waterton Lake. Dakota stayed close to Richard and Josephine who rode on the last tank as before. The mares kept their distance, but showed no signs of leaving the convoy. Somehow they knew their human counterparts would protect them from the Augs, and lead them to safety.
The caravan reached the south entrance to the Black Horse Trooper’s settlement just a little before noon. Captain Walker pulled the tanks around an old distillery that had been converted into a makeshift refinery, so they could be refueled and the passengers could unload.
“So what do you think Richard?” Captain Walker asked as he emerged from his tank.
“It’s impressive,” Richard remarked as he marveled at the multitude of freshly built log cabins interspersed amongst the trees. “Do the Augs know about this?”
“This area was abandoned after a wildfire burned nearly all of the original town of Waterton. What we have done is turn a couple of the industrial buildings into food storage, a repair shop, and a refinery. The new buildings, most of which are residences, we have built under the trees to keep the Augs from seeing them by satellite. Of course they know we have a settlement here, but the idea is to make them think it’s just a tiny camp, when in reality, we have several hundred people living here,” Captain Walker replied.
“So were the skirmishes to the south their way of testing you?” Richard asked.
“I think the Augs are holding back their main force to protect Great Falls until they can bring in more hardware from their bases to the south.”
“I don’t want to sound any alarms, but the Aug’s artillery could level this place just as it did to our settlement,” Richard said as he glanced around.
“I know. That’s why we are aggressively patrolling the area along the border. If anything comes within striking distance, we attack it. So far they have not moved any of their mobile rocket launchers up this way, but I’m afraid it’s only a matter of time before that happens,” Captain Walker emphasized.
“I’m willing to help any way I can, but even if we are able to bring the clans together, we don’t know where the Augs are going to set up their new production facility,” Richard said with a look of disappointment.
“Well, you’re not going to believe it, but they are rebuilding the production facility in Great Falls,” Captain Walker revealed.
“Why on earth would they rebuild there?” Richard replied.
“I don’t know, but whatever the reason, they are. We have also intercepted radio communications that lead us to believe that Dr. Stone survived your attack on the facility, and is still helping them,” Captain Walker revealed.
“Are you certain your information is correct? It doesn’t make any sense at all,” Richard questioned.
“All we know is that in addition to their request for building supplies and heavy equipment, Malmstrom has requested additional tanks, artillery, and some weapon they call the, ‘Northern Lights’,” Captain Walker revealed.
“That sounds ominous,” Richard replied.
“I know, and whatever it is, they claim it will, ‘exterminate the pest’ as they put it.”
“I can’t believe it,” Richard replied shaking his head. “We’re going to have to go down there and attack the facility again.”
“I’m afraid so, but we need more soldiers and that fern powder you talked about before we attack them. I can’t take the entire force down there right now, otherwise our camp will be left defenseless. If I leave part of it behind, then we might not be able to defeat the Augs with what’s left,” Captain Walker admitted.
“You really think bringing me here will generate that much additional support?” Richard asked.
“It already has. I saw lots of new faces as we came into camp today, and I am sure many more are on their way. The word is out my friend, and you’re going to have to get used to being looked upon as the leader of the rebellion.”
“It would make more sense if you lead the rebel force, after all, you have the hardware and the military training needed to mount the offensive,” Richard suggested.
“The destruction of the production facility was the miracle people needed to give them hope. Since you led that attack, the people think of you as their hero, and a champion of freedom,” Captain Walker replied.
“I’ll do what I can, but if the people’s expectations continue to grow, I would have to be a deity to deliver on them,” Richard replied.
“Saving humanity should be enough,” Captain Walker joked.
“Well, thanks again for taking us in. You have no idea how much it means to me and the others to have a safe place to rest after what we have been through.” 
“It’s my pleasure,” Captain Walker replied.
“Richard, come here.” Sean said when he saw Richard walking past.
“Hi,” Richard said in a reluctant voice, as Sean introduced him to a group of admirers.
“When are you going to lead us to victory?” a young man asked.
“I appreciate your enthusiasm, but we are going to wait here for a few days to give the other clans a chance to come join with us. Captain Walker and I will hold a meeting to discuss the plan of attack once we know how many volunteers we have.”
“Is it true that you destroyed the production facility?” another person asked.
“With the help of three of my friends, we were able to set the Augs back for awhile. Regrettably, they are rebuilding what we destroyed, and we will have to go back and finish the job. I would like to point out that two of my friends perished in the attack. I know many of you are eager to fight, but make no mistake, this is not a game, and people are going to die,” Richard warned. He hoped his blunt depiction of the event would deflate their overblown view of him and quell their lust for battle, but from the looks on their faces, he knew he had failed.
After the crowd of admirers dissipated, Richard went over to a small cabin that the troopers had hastily cleaned out for him. The dirt floor was covered in straw, and it lacked any refinements other than a small wood stove and a tub for bathing. Despite its short comings, it was private, and compared to the accommodations that Richard typically endured, it was a palace.
“How are you doing?” Josephine asked when Richard walked in.
“I’m tired,” he sighed.
“Give me a minute and I’ll remedy that,” Josephine said with a smile.
“What are you doing to my sleeping bag?” Richard asked as Josephine started unzipping it all the way down the side.
“I’m going to zip our two bags together into one large bag so I can spend some private time with you,” she replied.
Richard smiled, and when she finished, he took off his clothes and climbed in after her.
Chapter 18
Over the next few days a steady stream of people from the outlying clans converged on Waterton Lake. Captain Walker handed out the last of the weapons to the would-be soldiers, and then everyone received a crash course on how to use them. After he finished with the new recruits, Captain Walker spotted Richard out in the meadow watching Dakota play with the other horses.
“He seems happy here,” Captain Walker said as he met up with him.
“Yeah, I wish I could live in the moment, unaware of the impending battle,” Richard sighed.
“More people have come down from the north to join us,” Captain Walker remarked.
“I know, I saw the eager looks on their faces,” Richard replied.
“They are the faces of hope Richard, and they have come because they know the best chance of survival is with us. Splintered and fragmented we have no hope of success, but united... now that’s a different story,” Captain Walker insisted.
“I’m still worried about the outcome,” Richard admitted.
“If four men on foot almost brought the Augs down, what do you think hundreds of well-armed rebels with an armored column will accomplish?”
“It depends on what we find when we get there,” Richard hinted.
“Well, considering what’s at stake, I sent a scout down with some of your fern powder to recon the area. She just got back, and I thought you might want to come hear what she has to report,” Captain Walker offered.
“Yeah.” Richard replied as he followed him back to camp. When they reached Captain Walker’s cabin, there was a young woman waiting for him outside.
“What’s the word Rachel,” Captain Walker asked, half expecting a glowing report.
“It’s not good,” she replied as she took a few gulps of water. “I couldn’t get any closer than two clicks of the Missouri River, but from there I counted three dozen tanks and several mobile rocket launchers guarding the perimeter of the production facility on the north side. To the south I saw a column of incoming vehicles. I couldn’t tell if it was military hardware, or construction equipment, but it stretched out over a mile.”
“Damn it!” Captain Walker exclaimed. “What’s the status of the production facility itself?” he asked.
“There are several cranes on-site, and it appears they are working around the clock to rebuild it. I heard the Augs say over the radio that the ‘Northern Lights’ would be arriving on Friday, so whatever that is, we don’t have much time left before they get it,” Rachel added.
“Sounds like we need to attack before Friday,” Captain Walker remarked as he looked over at Richard.
“I agree, every minute we wait, just gives them more time to shore up their defenses,” Richard said with a worried look on his face.
“Yeah, it sound like what little advantage we had in firepower is gone, and now it’s going to come down to tactics and luck to get the job done,” Captain Walker admitted.
“Alright, let’s call a meeting and present the information that we have. I want everyone to know what we are up against and the consequences of acting now, versus waiting for more clans to come down and join with us,” Richard advised.
“Give me half an hour to notify everyone, and then you can address the camp,” Captain Walker replied.
“Okay, I’ll see you back here in half an hour,” Richard agreed, before heading back to his cabin.
“What’s going on?” Josephine asked when he entered the cabin looking upset.
“The Augs are bringing in reinforcements at an alarming rate. We are going to have to attack them right away... I just hope it’s not too late,” he muttered under his breath.
“When are we leaving?” she asked.
“Tonight,” Richard replied nervously.
“Then come sit with me for a few minutes,” Josephine offered. She could tell by his demeanor that things were far worse than he was letting on, but rather than pressure him, she just wrapped her arms around him, and gave him a reassuring hug. It was rare for Richard to let his guard down, but Josephine knew how to get past his defenses. He felt that the bond they shared could neither be explained nor broken.
“I want you to know how much I love you,” Richard said as he looked into her brilliant green eyes.
“I know, I feel the same way,” Josephine replied.
“When this is over, I would like to settle down somewhere,” Richard suggested.
“That sounds nice,” Josephine said with a warm smile. Then she heard Richard’s name being called in the distance. “I think Captain Walker is looking for you.”
“I know, I was ignoring him,” Richard replied, hesitant to leave her loving arms.
“You better go see what he wants,” she said in an encouraging tone.
“I’m going to address the camp,” Richard replied.
“I’ll be there in a few minutes,” she said with a forced smile. As he closed the door behind him, he could hear her start to cry in the background. He wanted to turn and go back inside, but he knew she was hiding her emotions from him for a reason. Going back would only invade her privacy, and expose the very thing she obviously did not want to share at that moment.
“Are you ready to rally the troops?” Captain Walker asked when he saw Richard approaching.
“I am,” Richard replied, as he slowly ascended the small hill near Captain Walker’s cabin that overlooked the camp.
“First off, I want to thank everyone for coming here and joining forces with the Black Horse Troopers. The sight of so many welcoming faces has renewed my faith in humanity, and stands as a testament to our tenacity and fortitude. As many of you may have heard, the Augs are rebuilding the production facility in Great Falls. Although it is not clear why they have chosen to rebuild on the same site, what we do know is that they have brought in a formidable force to defend it. We also suspect that they are preparing to attack the settlement within the next few days. If we stay here, we will be forced to defend ourselves against them in perpetuity. Therefore, we are going to take the fight to them. For those of you who would prefer to stay behind, you will be tasked with defending the settlement. The rest of us are leaving tonight. From what we have learned, the Augs are bringing in troops and armor to defend the production facility against an attack. That means they are expecting us, and it’s not going to be an easy fight. I honestly believe this is our last chance to end their reign, but make no mistake, lives will be lost in this fight. It’s winner take all this time, if we fail to stop them, there won’t be a second chance. So gather your belongings and say your goodbyes, because we march south tonight to defeat our enemy!” Richard raised his fist in defiance, and a round of cheers broke out across the camp.
“That was a great speech,” Josephine said after wading through the crowd to reach him.
“I fear that the people are ignoring the reality of the situation,” Richard replied.
“They are, but not because you deceived them or weren’t honest. The truth is, they have chosen to believe in the cause despite the odds,” Josephine insisted.
“I have all but told them I’m leading many of them to their death,” Richard said with look of regret.
“Yet deep down you believe that we can win this fight, don’t you?” she said.
“Who is to say my judgment is any more sound than the next person. Perhaps my ego and my expectations are as inflated as their belief in me,” Richard conjectured.
“You have not asked them to do that which you are not willing to do yourself, and that is why the people respect you, and believe in you… that’s is also why I respect and believe in you,” Josephine added.
“Your faith in me means more than everyone else’s combined,” Richard admitted.
“As it should, if I am going to be your wife when this is over,” Josephine smiled.
“Do I have a say in that matter?” Richard asked.
“No, not really. I have claimed you, and that is that,” Josephine remarked. Richard smiled back at her for a moment, until the enormity of the situation ended their playful banter.
“Well, I guess I better go out and say goodbye to Dakota. I’m going to miss that silly horse,” Richard admitted.
“You’re not taking him along?” Josephine asked.
“No, the risks are too high, and he needs to look after the mares.”
“Pet him for me,” Josephine said as she turned to head back to the cabin.
“I will,” Richard replied.
When he reached the edge of the meadow, Dakota neighed and then trotted over to see him. The mares kept their distance, seemingly content on eating the tufts of exposed grass.
“Hey ole boy, how are you?” Richard said in a soft voice. Dakota responded by resting his head on Richard’s shoulder, exposing his long neck so Richard could rub it. “I have to leave for awhile, and I want you to stay here with your girls,” Richard ordered. Dakota flicked his ears back and forth and then turned to look over at the other horses. “That’s right, you need to stay here and protect your family,” Richard said as he put his arm around Dakota’s neck and gave him a big hug before letting go. Dakota nudged Richard’s side and then walked over to the mares. Richard looked on, trying not to let his emotions get the best of him. Then he wiped his cheeks and slowly turned and walked away. As he looked back one last time, Dakota raised his head and neighed at him, as if to say goodbye. Richard felt bad about leaving him behind, but he knew Dakota was happy, and he wasn’t about to take that away from his best friend.
“My men are ready and the tanks are fueled up,” Captain Walker reported as Richard entered the camp.
“Alright. Josephine is getting our stuff together… let me go check on her, and then I’ll be right back,” Richard replied.
“Okay, meet me at the south end of the camp when you’re ready. I’m going to get the last of the soldiers and gear loaded into the carts, then we’ll hook them up to the tanks,” Captain Walker said with an anxious look in his eyes.
“Do you think we have enough volunteers?” Richard asked hesitantly.
“I hope so,” Captain Walker replied before walking away.
Chapter 19
Captain Walker divided the force into three groups. Group one led the way and was composed of eight tanks prepared to engage with any patrolling Augs or small armored units. Group two was composed of ten tanks all of which were pulling carts loaded with soldiers, and it represented the bulk of the rebel force. The last group contained six tanks ready to defend against any surprise attacks from behind, or could rush to the front and reinforce the lead tanks if they needed additional firepower.
Captain Walker and Richard both agreed that the rebel force was too large for a stealth operation. So rather than try and sneak down, they would cut over to highway 89 near the Canadian border, and then race down in a blitzkrieg style assault. By using the highway, they figured they could reach Great Falls before daybreak, thus concealing the size of their force until the attack started.
When the rebels reached the outskirts of the town of Browning, an Aug patrol spotted them, and disappeared into the darkness before Captain Walker could give chase.
“They know we’re coming,” he said, breaking radio silence between the three groups. No sooner after he gave the warning, the side of the road ahead of them erupted into a series of explosions. The convoy came to an abrupt stop and Richard jumped out of the cart he and Josephine were traveling in and started yelling, “Take cover!” A moment later, a second round of rockets lit up the roadway, striking one of the tanks that had been pulling several carts.
“Damn it!” Richard shouted as splintered wood and debris rained down on them.
“What are we going to do?” Josephine said in a terrified voice as she hid alongside Richard.
“Just keep down!” Richard ordered, as several rebel tanks went racing up a hillside to the east. A few moments later, a rocket battery hidden on the hillside erupted into flames followed by an ‘all clear’ over the radio.
When the tanks returned, the convoy quickly regrouped and they resumed their course.
“Why are the lead tanks getting so far ahead of us, I can barely see their taillights?” Josephine asked in a concerned tone.
“I think Captain Walker is hoping to flush out any Augs that might be waiting to ambush us,” Richard replied.
“Okay,” she said in a calmer voice.
As they continued down the road, the moonlight revealed a mixture of emotions on the many faces sitting across from them. One soldier looked eager, while another look frightened. A young girl who Josephine thought was not even twenty, kept looking nervously over at Richard until he noticed her. After he gave her a cursory smile, she looked away, seemingly reassured by his simple gesture.
“You have an admirer,” Josephine whispered in his ear.
“I always thought I looked my best in the moonlight,” Richard replied sarcastically. Josephine squeezed his hand for a second, and then lessened her grip after she made her point.
“What? You don’t like a little competition from the other clans?” he joked.
“Keep it up, and the Augs will be the least of your worries,” Josephine replied. Richard shook his head and then gazed off into the darkness. Their banter was a brief respite from the daunting task that lay ahead.

When the lead tanks reached a small ridge overlooking Two Medicine River basin, Captain Walker came on the radio and told the other drivers to stay back a few hundred feet. After a few minutes, Richard climbed out of the cart and went over to the edge of the overlook.
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“There is a group of enemy tanks coming our way,” Captain Walker replied as he handed Richard his night vision binoculars.
Richard peered through the lens for a moment and then passed the device back to him. “That’s a lot of tanks,” he remarked.
“Yeah,” Captain Walker sighed. “Have the troopers unhook the carts from the rest of our battalion and tell them to move to the front of the line. I want everything ready.”
“Okay,” Richard replied as he ran back to relay his orders.
“Take all of the carts off the tanks... quickly, we don’t have much time!” he yelled as he ran from tank to tank.
“What’s happening?” Josephine asked as he ran past her.
“There are a couple dozen enemy tanks coming our way. Tell everyone to get out of the carts and help the troopers unhook them from the tanks.”
“Okay,” Josephine replied as she rushed down the line opposite of Richard. A flurry of activity ensued, and within a few minutes all of the carts had been detached from the tanks.
“Cover your ears,” Captain Walker shouted over the radio as the last tank joined the ranks. A split second later, a thunderous succession of booms erupted from the ridgeline, shattering the cold night air. A moment later, explosions ripped down the line of advancing enemy tanks, destroyed roughly half of them. “Charge!” Captain Walker’s voice resonated over the radio, as he and his men raced down the hill to intercept the remaining Augs. At first it was easy to tell the enemy and rebel tanks apart, but after several rounds of firing, the lines blurred in the hazy moonlight. Tanks from each side broke off in different directions, only to be illuminated briefly when they fired, or were fired upon. After several more tanks were destroyed, Captain Walker ordered the remaining tanks to return to the ridgeline. No one asked what the score was, but it was clear that the Augs had lost that battle. What was also clear, was that only twenty rebel tanks returned to the ridgeline. After they reattached the carts, the rebels piled back in, and they continued south.
The next town on the map was Dupuyer, and as before, Captain Walker sent a few tanks ahead of the main group to flush out any Augs. Once they passed through the town unabated, the second group entered the town. As they raced down main street, the rooftops lit up with flashes of light as the rebel carts came under fire. Richard pushed Josephine down on the floor of the cart and covered her with his body as a pulse rifle blast whizzed overhead. A moment later, he felt a shockwave of heat and pressure ripple across his back as the rear portion of the cart was blown apart. The rebel tanks behind them immediately returned fire, leveling several of the buildings along both sides of the town.
“Are you okay?” Richard yelled out as his ears rang from the various explosions.
“Yes… but damn it Richard, you could have been killed trying to protect me!” Josephine scolded as he helped her get down from the damaged cart.
“I’m fine,” Richard replied as he removed a couple of wood fragments from his shoulder before they climbed up into the next passing cart. Once they were seated, Richard keyed up his radio.
“Captain Walker, please come in, this is Richard.”
“Go ahead,” he replied.
“When we get clear of this town, can you take a moment to circle back so I can talk with you for just a moment?” Richard asked.
“Okay,” Captain Walker replied.
A few minutes later Captain Walker came up alongside Richard’s cart and poked his head out the top.
“What do you need?” he asked in a gruff voice, indicating he didn’t want to chat for very long.
“I fear these ambushes are demoralizing the soldiers… everyone wants to fight if we have a chance, but if we’re sitting ducks… well, you can see the problem.”
“I’ll level the buildings as we pass through the next few towns,” Captain Walker offered. “Is there anything else?”
“No, that was my main concern,” Richard replied.
Captain Walker nodded and then dropped back into his tank, returning to the front of the convoy.
When they came to within a few miles of the small town of Fairfield, Captain Walker spotted a single Aug standing in the roadway waving a white flag.
“Keep everyone back,” he radioed. “This could be another ambush.”
The convoy slowed way down, while Captain Walker cautiously raced ahead to intercept the Aug. When he came within a few feet of the creature, he opened the hatch and said, “What do you want?” in a harsh and demanding tone. The Aug did not reply, but instead he set an envelope down on the ground before disappearing into the darkness. Captain Walker carefully climbed out of his tank and retrieved the letter. Inside there was brief note stating: “To the leader of the humans: Any further advance towards our holy city will be considered an act of war. Our Supreme Council is willing to offer you and your companions amnesty if you return to your camp to the north and remain there for the rest of your natural lives. Any further aggression or attempts to propagate will be met with deadly force.” Captain Walker finished reading the letter and then returned to his tank. Then he drove down the road towards the main group, until he reached Richard’s cart. 
“They sent you a love letter,” Captain Walker joked as he handed it over to him. Richard held the letter up in the moonlight and read it aloud. When he was finished, he looked around the cart to gauge everyone’s reaction to it.
“It’s a death sentence for our species,” an older man remarked. Richard waited for anyone to object to the man’s statement, but as he glanced from one rebel to another, he was met with silence.
“Are we continuing on?” Captain Walker asked. Richard looked over at Josephine and she affirmed the others’ decision.
“Carry on,” Richard said as he put the note in his pocket.
Captain Walker nodded and returned to the front of the line. The rest of the convoy quickly resumed its course, and within a matter of minutes, the southern horizon lit-up with pulse cannon fire. The rebel tanks returned fire and continued their advance. Round after round was fired back and forth between the two forces as they closed in on each other. Captain Walker’s men were clearly out maneuvering the Augs, and as the tide turned, the remaining enemy tanks retreated.
“Why are they attacking us in little bits?” Richard asked as Captain Walker circled back to check on the armada.
“They’re testing us to learn our tactics, and they’re chipping away at our numbers before we reach Great Falls,” he replied angrily. “I’m doing my best, but with each skirmish, I lose a few more tanks!”
“I know,” Richard replied apologetically. “Is there anything I can do?”
“No, I just hope we still have some armor left when we get there,” Captain Walker remarked, before dropping back into his tank. Richard didn’t know what to do. Turning back was no better an option than continuing on, and either choice was going to result in the loss of life.
With each passing mile, the Augs attacked intermittently, but they forged on. Captain Walker was a skilled tactician and he kept the rebel losses to a minimum. Richard held Josephine’s hand every time they came under fire, but as the night wore on, she seemed increasingly unsettled by the attacks.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
“Yeah, I just want to get there and be done with it,” she replied.
“I know, waiting is the hardest part,” he agreed.
After they passed through Vaughn, Captain Walker headed east across the open farmland so they could attack the production facility from the north side of the Missouri River. When they reached the outskirts of Great Falls, the city lights revealed a wall of troops and armor that stretched from the northern suburbs to Giant Springs State Park. Even the most optimistic soldier could recognize the obvious; the enemy’s force was far more superior than anyone had imagined. The discrepancy was so evident that Richard instantly called Captain Walker on the radio.
“I see it,” Captain Walker replied. “We’ll continue further east and attack from the bluffs across from the state park so we have the high ground.” Richard set the radio down and stared at the enemy lines in the distance.
“What’s wrong?” Josephine whispered as she read the despair on his moonlit face.
“We have grossly underestimated the enemy’s strength and numbers,” he whispered back.
“I still believe in you,” she replied in an effort to bolster his confidence. Richard gulped down the lump that had formed in his throat and tried to keep his composure. The last thing he wanted was to seem weak in the eyes of the volunteers. 
Once they reached the bluffs, Captain Walker and his men unhooked all of the carts and moved into a defensive position. Then he signaled for Richard to come over so they could go over the attack plan.
 “The enemies’ force appears to be considerably stronger than our intelligence estimated,” Captain Walker admitted.
“What’s you assessment in light of the circumstances?” Richard asked.
“As I said before, it’s going to be a tough fight. Turning back was never really an option as you and I both know, the Augs will try and exterminate us the moment we let our guard down.”
“So you thought their offer was a sham too?” Richard asked.
“Yes, especially since we know they are up to something with that ‘Northern Lights’ project.”
“I was hoping the odds would be better,” Richard sighed.
“We have the high ground, so I’ll order my men to stay back as long as they can and try to knock out some of their assets before they get within range of us. It’s going to get chaotic pretty fast, so once the shooting starts, I recommend that you keep the soldiers back until we either punch through their lines, or get depleted,” Captain Walker suggested.
“Alright, we’ll stay up here until you’ve softened them up for us,” Richard replied.
“I’ll do my best,” Captain Walker replied.
The rebel soldiers looked on as Captain Walker and his men slowly crept down the hill firing at the enemy’s lines. The Augs responded by firing their rockets at the advancing tanks, instantly destroying several of them. The remaining rebel tanks advanced so they could target the rocket batteries located behind the enemy’s lines, but in doing so, they lost their uphill advantage and the Augs opened fire on them. The rebel soldiers looked on as the battlefield below erupted into explosions. Tanks were being destroyed left and right, but it was impossible to tell which side was winning. After fifteen minutes of intense fighting, there were only a few tanks left, along with a couple of mobile rocket launchers on a hill close to Malmstrom. As they looked on, the launchers fired and the glow of rocket traces could be seen climbing high into the night sky.
“Take cover!” Richard yelled when he realized they had been targeted. The ground shook in rapid succession as rockets exploded all along the ridge just behind the rebel lines. Dirt and debris rained down from the sky as the soldiers scrambled for protection under the carts.
“Take cover! Richard shouted again as the telltale rocket plumes lit up from the hill across the river from them. Moments later the cries of the wounded filled the space between explosions. Soldiers darted to and fro, as shells exploded randomly all around them. Then as suddenly as it had started, it stopped. Richard scrambled to the overlook to see what was happening and in the distance he saw two defiant tanks charging through the enemy’s lines. As they fired at the remaining rocket launchers near the Augs base, both tanks suddenly erupted into a shower of sparks and flames after being struck by shoulder-fired rockets. “Nooo!” Richard cried out, as he realized that the last two Black Horse Troopers had just been killed. Then he looked across at the hill where the rocket launchers were smoldering, praying that they would not be able to strike them. As he anxiously waited for rockets to rain down on them, Josephine came running over to see him.
“What’s happening?” she asked.
“I think the troopers knocked out or damaged their last few mobile rocket launchers,” Richard replied.
“What are they doing now?” she questioned, when she didn’t see any tanks left in operation.
“They didn’t make it,” Richard replied. Josephine lowered her head and then cussed under her breath for several minutes. 
“There’re all gone?” she asked in disbelief after looking up.
“I’m afraid so, but the Augs didn’t fare all that well either. All their tanks were destroyed in the firefight, along with most of their other artillery. Josephine nodded, but her attention quickly turned from the smoldering armor to the mass of enemy soldiers advancing towards them. 
“Richard, I don’t think it’s over yet,” she said in a nervous voice.
“Far from it, Richard replied as he turned to warn the others. “The Augs are coming, turn the carts on their side, and form a barrier!” he yelled out. The soldiers quickly worked together to form a long barricade and then aimed their rifles towards the advancing hoard.
“Fire!” Richard yelled as the Augs started running up the hill towards them. A wall of blue plasma balls erupted from the rebels lines, instantly vaporizing the first few rows of enemy soldiers, but they kept on coming. The Rebels continued to fire as fast as they could pull the trigger, but they outnumbered them fifty-to-one. Richard kept hoping that the Augs would turn and run as they had done so many times in the past, but they just kept coming. A few of the rebels turned and ran once the firefight drew closer, making it increasingly more difficult to keep the enemy at bay. The Augs intensified their attack, targeting the rebel’s carts. It didn’t seem to matter how many Augs they killed, they just kept advancing on them. Soon, the dead outnumbered the living, and it was all too obvious that the rebel force would be slaughtered in its entirety. Richard began to panic. There seemed to be no way out of the deteriorating situation. The carts, which had initially protected them, were quickly becoming their tomb. His glorious plan to attack the city was faltering, as feelings of guilt and hopelessness overwhelmed him. Tears started to run down his face as he blamed himself for the onslaught. He quickly looked over at Josephine’s face as pulse rifle flashes illuminated the last moments of their lives. Time seemed to slow down as the Augs concentrated their fire in their direction. Bits of rock and debris seemed to float effortlessly past his head as showers of dirt gently rained down on his head. Richard slowly lowered his weapon in defeat as he stared at Josephine. Her eyes twinkled each time the darkness was interrupted by weapon fire, and Richard felt that his love for her could not have been any more intense than it was in that fleeting moment.
“What are you doing?” she shouted when she saw he wasn’t returning fire on the advancing enemy.
“I am sorry I let you down... I love you more than anything,” he said as if those words were going to be his last.
“Keep on fighting!” she commanded. Her tone was stern and unbending. Richard had never seen such determination in her eyes.
“There’s no hope,” Richard replied in defeat.
“You promised to fight alongside me until the end!” Josephine yelled back.
Richard instantly remembered that promise, and lifted his rifle up, but before he could shoot, the incoming fire shattered the cart that Richard and Josephine were hiding behind. As they tried to retreat, they heard the distinctive sound of rockets being fired. Richard instinctively grabbed Josephine and pulled her close, as they braced for the inevitable. The resulting explosions shook the ground violently, but the impacts were surprisingly far off target. Richard and Josephine remained huddled closely together, expecting that the next round of rockets would find their mark. Again, the ground reverberated, but the explosions seemed even further away. Richard cautiously lifted up his head to see what the Augs were targeting, and to his amazement, they were running for their lives. Another round of rockets went screaming overhead, and exploded violently along the enemy’s retreating lines.
“Someone’s firing at the Augs!” Richard cried out as he watched their defensive line crumble. A fourth round of rockets came from the north followed by a cluster of explosions in the city. Richard had no idea who was responsible for the attack, but the impending rebel defeat had been miraculously averted. Cheers broke out from the back of the rebel line as a group of clansmen appeared out of the darkness.
“Oh my god it’s Jake!” Josephine shouted as she recognized the man out in front.
“What?” Richard remarked, looking on in disbelief.
“It’s Jake, with a bunch of other clansmen,” Josephine replied as the dawn broke.
“I’m sorry I didn’t get here sooner,” Jake said as he ran over to greet them.
“Good grief Jake, don’t apologize. You saved us all,” Richard replied as he shook his hand thankfully.
“I hope this makes up for my previous inequities,” Jake said half joking.
“No need to worry about that, I’m just glad you and the others made it in time to save our butts,” Richard exclaimed.
“Well, I’m glad I found you… and I am truly sorry that we parted on a sour note. I kind of lost it after the settlement was destroyed,” Jake admitted.
“Water under the bridge,” Richard replied. 
“So what happened to you?” Josephine asked.
“Well, let me start at the beginning. We missed you at the rendezvous point because of the storm, so my men and I tracked you all the way up to Waterton Lake. Once we arrived there, we were told that you had already departed for Great Falls. So, we quickly resupplied and as we were about to leave, another group of clansman came down from the north to join the fight. Since they had some decent vehicles, we decided to try and catch up with you. When we reached the main road, we came upon a small detachment of Augs preparing to shell the settlement. I guess they weren’t expecting any rebels on the road once your force passed by them. After a brief fight, we took control of their mobile rocket launchers, and brought them with us. We thought they might come in handy,” Jake said with a smirk.
“I just can’t believe you made it,” Josephine remarked.
“You even saved the settlement,” Richard added.
“I was fortunate enough to have been at the right place at the right time,” Jake said as he looked around at the fallen soldiers. “Is my son Sean here?” he asked.
“He’s tending to some of the wounded over by the trees.” Josephine replied.
“I’ll be right back,” Jake said as he rushed over to see him.
“It’s nice that he’s back to his old self,” Josephine remarked.
“I know, I’m still in shock!” Richard admitted.
“I’m going to go over and give Sean a hand unless you need me for something?”
“No. I’m going to survey the damage, and try and determine what we should do next,” Richard replied.
“Okay, give me hug and I’ll find you later,” Josephine said as she reached out.
After Josephine left, Richard went back the overlook and used his binoculars to see what was going on. It appeared that some of the Augs were putting out fires resulting from the rocket strikes within the city while others were moving large concrete barricades onto the bridges to block off access to the city. From what he could tell, the bulk of their force had regrouped along the south bank of the Missouri in anticipation of a ground assault. In the distance, Richard could also see that the Augs had rebuilt the central building at the production facility. It was discolored where a rocket had struck it, but it was undamaged despite taking a direct hit.
“Son of bitch!” Richard muttered under his breath.
“What’s up?” Jake asked, as he came back over to see the damage he had caused.
“The production facility is still intact, it looks like they have really reinforced it. Are all of the rockets on the mobile rocket launchers you commandeered the same type?” Richard asked.
“I think so, they all said XM31 HE on the side,” Jake replied.
“How many more do you have?”
“None, we used them all to repel them. Perhaps I overdid it?” he remarked.
“No, you did the right thing. We were dangling by a thread, and without your overwhelming show of force they may not have retreated. I’m just disappointed that we keep coming up short each time we go after their production facility. A few more tanks, a few more rockets, and this whole damn thing would be over with,” Richard asserted.
“I did come with a bunch more volunteers. Surely that will help?” Jake replied.
“I am thankful for that, but unfortunately the added soldiers won’t replace the ones we lost this morning. Don’t get me wrong, you have saved the day, but I underestimated our opponent and nearly got everyone killed,” Richard said with an air of regret and disappointment.
“How could you have known that they had reinforced the city to this extent, or had so much hardware at their disposal? Past experiences have shown that they are usually very cowardly, and typically run from a fight,” Jake pointed out.
“I guess we were wrong, they seem determined to keep this city and defend the production facility at all cost. I just don’t understand why,” Richard replied as he rubbed his dirt-covered forehead.
“We’re not the only ones fighting for survival,” Jake stated.
“That’s true...” Richard remarked as he glanced down at the city.
“Since the troopers took out their mobile rocket launchers before the attack ended, then they probably still have some unused rockets nearby. If we could sneak down there tonight under the cover of darkness, we might be able to make off with a handful of those rockets and use them in the launchers that you brought down. Then we could target the production facility until it’s destroyed. I doubt it can take multiple direct hits. Another option is that we could send a team south and try to ambush the Augs as they resupply the city. We might be able to get some more weapons, or at least stop them from obtaining them,” Richard suggested.
“An ambush is a great idea. Nothing would make me happier than to steal more of their weapons and use them against them,” Jake said with a smile.
“Why don’t we do both,” Richard suggested. “I’ll see if I can infiltrate the city tonight, while you try to intercept any supplies coming in from the south. Between the two of us, maybe one will get lucky.”
“Alright,” Jake replied. “I’m going to head out soon, because it’s going to take awhile to circle the city far enough out to go unnoticed.”
“Perfect, I’ll see you later,” Richard said optimistically. He wasn’t sure if the Augs would attack again in the daylight, but it seemed like they were busy fortifying the city, rather than preparing for another uphill battle. In the back of his mind however, he suspected they might just be waiting for more mobile rocket launchers to be brought in, so they could attack with impunity.
Chapter 20
Once the sun started to set, Richard, Josephine, and three other clansmen headed down towards the city near the Rainbow Dam road. When they came to within a thousand yards of the enemy’s lines, Richard dropped down into a ravine on the east side of the road.
 “Cover me. I’m going in for a closer look,” he whispered. Josephine gave him a disapproving look, but it was lost in the darkness. A few minutes later Richard returned. “The ravine comes out just below a land bridge that we can use to get across the river. There is quite a bit of overgrowth along the way that we can use to get past the Augs defensive line. Just beyond that, there are two damaged mobile rocket launchers located on the hill just past a small cluster of trees. Stay close, but move slowly across the rocky soil to minimize the noise.” Everyone nodded, and then Richard led them down the ravine. One by one, they cautiously crossed the land bridge and waited on the other side. Richard used hand signals to guide them around a group of Augs eating some kind of slop for dinner by the trees. Once they got past them, they made their way towards the hill where the rocket launchers were positioned. Under the artificial lights they could see two long wooden crates marked XM31 sitting between two rocket launchers. They could also see that a couple of Augs were stripping parts off of one launcher and using them to repair the other.
“What are we going to do?” Josephine whispered.
“We’ll have to wait until they finish, then hopefully they’ll go eat dinner with the other Augs,” Richard whispered back.
“Why don’t we just take them out, there are only two of them?” one of the clansmen suggested.
“The other Augs would be on us before we could get the rockets. I think we should just wait here and see what happens before we risk that kind of attention,” Richard replied.

* * *

Jake’s group of heavily armed men spotted a small caravan of Augs coming up highway 87 from the southeast. It appeared they were bringing in supplies as predicted, but it was impossible to tell if it was more weapons, or other necessities, using night vision.
“What do think?” Lukas asked as they hid next to the road in a long narrow drainage ditch.
“I don’t know… it’s so small, I’m not sure it’s worth the effort. I just wish we knew what they had on those trucks,” Jake replied as he scanned the horizon further south to see if there were any other vehicles in the distance.
“We came all this way, surely there will be something useful on one of them,” Daniel remarked.
“Yeah, what the hell, let ‘s not go back empty-handed,” Jake agreed. “Stay down and hold your fire until after they pass by us, then attack from behind so they can’t return fire as easily. After we overtake them, we’ll grab what we can and then head back.” The men nodded in agreement and then crouched down in the ditch. Once the last truck passed by, Jake rose up and shot out the tires on both trucks while Lukas and Daniel targeted the drivers the instant they jumped out. It was a surprisingly easy ambush and Jake felt a little disappointed, figuring the trucks must be carrying items of little value.
“Alright, let’s see what’s inside,” Jake remarked unenthusiastically, as he pulled the rear door open on the first truck.  Lukas and Daniel covered him in case there were any Augs hiding inside the truck.
“Darn it!” Jake exclaimed after seeing the truck was filled with pulse rifles, the one weapon they already had plenty of. Then he made his way over to the other truck and pulled the door open on it half expecting to see more outdated weapons.
“What do we have here!” he exclaimed triumphantly, when he saw two long metal crates that appeared to be the correct size and shape for rockets.
“What is it?” Lukas asked as he peeked into the truck with his flashlight.
“I think found more rockets,” Jake announced. “Bring your light so I can take a closer look.” Lukas immediately jumped up into the truck while Daniel stood guard outside.
“Darn it, it’s locked,” Jake muttered under his breath. Then he whacked at the lock several times with the butt of his pulse rifle hoping it would break open. “Darn it!” he cursed again. “I guess we’ll have take the crates back with us and open them when we have some real tools… or I can just shoot the lock off?”
“Don’t do that!” Lukas and Daniel shouted in unison, fearing that the pulse rifle blast would detonate the contents and kill them all. 
“Ha-ha-ha,” Jake said as he lowered his rifle and started to laugh at them. “I had you fooled,” he added between laughs.
“That was not even funny,” Lukas said as he shined his flashlight in Jakes eyes.
“Alright, grab an end and lets stack them together,” Jake suggested.
“Damn, these are heavier than they look,” Lukas remarked after they got them out of the truck.
“We’ll have to switch off carrying them, otherwise we’ll never make it back before sunrise,” Jake said as they headed back.

* * *

Richard and his crew patiently waited most of the night until the two Augs finished repairing the launcher and left to go eat. 
“Cover me,” Richard said as he cautiously tiptoed over to the crate and pried it open with one of the screwdrivers the Augs left behind. Inside were four rockets nestled in a foam cutout. Richard gently lifted two of them out and slowly crept back to where the others were waiting. “I’ll be right back,” he whispered. A moment later, he returned with two more rockets. “I think we better go, it’s going to be light out soon.”
“Will four be enough?” Josephine asked.
“I hope so, but there isn’t enough time to grab more and still get back without being seen,” he replied.
“Okay,” Josephine said with a nod as she followed after him. The Augs over by the trees had fallen asleep and they quietly got past them without incident. When they reached the river and started to cross the land bridge, a dark figure approached them from the other side.
“Where are you going?” The Aug demanded, not realizing they were rebels.
“We’re on a special mission… now step aside or be reprimanded!” Richard said in an authoritative tone. The Aug started to comply with his command until he noticed the four other people standing behind Richard in the dark, all holding rockets. As he started to sling his pulse rifle forward, Richard tackled the Aug. As they were rolling around on the ground, Josephine raised the end of the rocket up and then swung it as hard as she could. A loud metallic sound rang out, and the Aug rolled off of Richard, and into a pool of water.
“Run for it!” Richard yelled, as a pulse rifle fire erupted from the riverbank behind them. As they made their way up the ravine, the Augs chased after them. “Drop the rockets and fire back!” Richard yelled when he realized they would not be able to out run the Augs with their hands full. Josephine, who was just behind him, dropped her rocket and continued up the ravine as fast as she could. The other three clansmen didn’t hear Richard’s warning, and the Augs shot them in the back before he or Josephine could save them. The Augs started firing at them, until the ridgeline overhead erupted in pulse rifle fire. The Augs immediately broke off their pursuit, apparently not wanting to face the entire rebel force on the hill above them.
“Thanks guys,” Richard said when he and Josephine reached the top of the hill.
“You nearly got yourselves killed,” Sean said as he ran over to see if they were injured or not.
“I know, we found some rockets, but on our way back the Augs caught us and we had to ditch them. Unfortunately, the Augs shot the three people that came with us,” Richard said, clearly upset by the loss of life and failure to get the rockets back safely.
“What are we going to do now?” Sean asked.
“We’ll just have to wait and see if Jake and his men had better luck,” Richard replied.
“They just got back,” Sean remarked.
“Where is Jake?” Richard asked.
“He’s over by the mobile rocket launchers… looking for tools or something to get the crates open that he brought back,” Sean replied.
“Oh, that sounds promising,” Richard remarked, as he and Josephine made their way over to the launchers.
“Hey Jake, what did you find?” Richard asked.
“I don’t know. It’s locked down tighter than a witch’s spell book, and we about broke our backs getting them here,” Jake replied.
Richard walked over and hit the lock with the butt of his pulse rifle a couple of times to no avail.
“I already tried that, it won’t budge,” Jake remarked.
“Did you try this?” Richard commented as he slammed the butt of his rifle against the hinges on the back of the crate, knocking the pins out of them.
“No,” Jake said as he watched him pull the lid off. 
“Holy mother… I think it’s a warhead!” Jake said as he slowly backed away from the crate.
“Oh my god, it’s a short-range tactical nuclear weapon,” Richard said as he looked down at the long slender rocket surrounded by a thick metal protective casing.
“Are you sure?” Jake asked.
“Yeah, I saw a larger version of this weapon on display at the Openheimer Museum in Los Alamos. It’s a self-propelled rocket that can be fired from a mobile launcher. It was developed so the front line troops could deliver a high yield explosion, without generating very much fallout,” Richard recalled.
“I thought the Augs destroyed all nuclear weapons when they took control. Remember how they claimed there was no need for them after they established their new world order?” Jake commented.
“I do remember that… I guess they kept a few around, just in case,” Richard remarked.
“So, how do we arm it?” Jake asked as he looked over at Richard.
“I have no idea, that’s not the kind of information the museum gave out to tourists,” Richard replied.
“So it’s useless to us?” Jake scowled.
“No, we just have to ask around until we find someone who knows about them,” Richard suggested.
“Does anyone know how to arm a nuclear warhead?” Jake asked as he cupped his hand around his mouth and walked through the camp. Laughter immediately rang out from the rebels as everyone thought he was making a joke.
“He’s not kidding!” Richard added. “Does anyone have knowledge of nuclear weapons?” Silence immediately fell across the camp, and after a few moments, a young man stepped forward.
“My father worked at Rocky Flats back in the early nineties. I think he is familiar with them.”
“Is he here?” Richard asked.
“No, he’s back at the settlement,” Stanton replied.
“I want you to use my radio and try to reach him. Let me know the second you do, it’s very important.” Stanton nodded and then radioed the settlement.
“No one is answering,” he replied.
“Keep trying until you get someone!” Richard demanded. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Josephine pointing down towards the city. Richard looked over and saw that the Augs were preparing to mount another attack. “Everyone listen up. We thought the Augs were going to stay down in the city to defend it, but it appears that they have figured out we have intercepted their nuclear warheads. So grab your rifles and dig in! They are going to try to prevent us from using it,” Richard said in an anxious tone 
“Richard, I’m sorry to bother you, but there were other crates on the truck,” Jake interrupted.
“What! How many?” he asked.
“Two more. I’m sorry, we could only carry two due to the weight, but I did disabled the trucks, so it’s going to take them some time to go back and retrieve them,” Jake said optimistically.
“Take however many men you think you’ll need, and destroy the rocket launcher they have across from Rainbow Dam!” Richard ordered.
“Alright,” Jake replied as he scrambled off. A few minutes later Richard saw Jake leaving the camp and heading down in the direction of the dam, but a detachment of Augs intercepted them. Just as Richard was about to send more soldiers to help Jake get across, a large column of Augs came across the river on the 15th Street Bridge.
“Stanton where are you?” Richard called out as the rebels took up a defensive position along the ridgeline. A split second later, four rockets exploded behind them, narrowly missing their rocket launchers. Richard knew the Augs didn’t have any more rockets left on the hill, but if they got to the remaining warheads, it was going to be a short battle.
“Fall back and protect our rocket launchers!” Richard ordered as the Aug soldiers advanced.
A moment later Stanton came stumbling over, so badly injured he was unable to speak. Richard looked down at his bloodied hand and saw the Satcom radio was damaged beyond repair. Stanton mumbled something apologetically, and then fell to the ground as blood gushed from the side of his neck. Richard tried to stop the bleeding, but the wound was too severe. Stanton motioned for Richard to lower his head, and in a garbled voice he said, “The activation code for the warhead is... one, five, seven…” His voice gave out mid sentence, and his eyes closed. Richard shook him violently in an effort to revive him long enough to get the code. Stanton’s eyes fluttered open, and with his last breath he said, “one, five, seven, two, nine,…nin…ni...n…” Richard felt sick to his stomach as he ran back to the crate to retrieve it. Then with his bloodied hands he loaded the warhead into the first launch tube, connected the interface cable to the rocket. Then he climbed up into the cabin of the launcher and turned the weapons system on. The moment the display came up, he targeted the production facility and entered the activation code into the keypad, but nothing happened. He tried it again, but still, nothing.
“Damn it!” Richard shouted as he saw the Augs cresting the hill through the window of the mobile launcher’s cabin. The Rebels were frantically trying to stop them, but there were just too many Augs. Pulse rifle fire started impacting the ground all around the launcher while Richard frantically tried variations of the code Stanton had given him. A stray rifle blasts hit the side of the rocket launcher and the control panel suddenly went blank. Richard hit the panel with his fist, and it lit back up for a moment before going dark. “Work, you piece of junk!” Richard yelled as the Augs drew nearer with each passing breath. Just as he was about to jump out of the cab and run over to the other launcher, the panel came back on. Richard tried entering the code again with one less nine at the end of the number string and the display flashed, ‘warhead armed’. As Richard reached for the ‘fire’ button on the display panel, an Aug grabbed him by the leg and pulled him out of the cabin. Richard fired his pulse rifle at the creature killing it, but the blast had hit him too. As he looked down, he saw the flesh on his left leg smoldering. A wave of pain shot up his spine and he blacked out for a moment. When he came too, he yelled out at the top of his lungs, “Josephine help me! Please, someone help me!” His cries went unnoticed, except for an Aug who was running towards him with a pulse rifle aimed at his head.
“Josephine!” Richard yelled out once more as loud as he could. The Aug took aim and fired at him. The pulse rifle blast hit the ground just a few feet from his face, blinding him. Richard reached for the rocket launcher, as he tried to block out the unbearable pain. His bloodied hand felt the door to the cabin and as he pulled himself up, something grabbed him from behind, and dragged him under the launcher. Richard kicked aimlessly with his uninjured leg, unable to see what was going on out of his watering eyes. He thought he heard a soft voice calling his name, but the sound of explosions and the searing pain overwhelmed him. A moment later he felt an intense blast of heat against his back and then everything went dark. The searing pain was gone, and he felt like he was floating on a cloud. He knew the Augs had won, and his miserable life was over. A fitting end to a man filled with hate and revenge.
Chapter 21
Richard slowly opened his eyes and saw Josephine’s sweet innocent face smiling down at him. “Am I in heaven?” he asked.
“No silly, you were knocked out when the shock wave hit us,” she replied as Sean gave him another shot of morphine to numb the pain.
“Shockwave?” he mumbled in confusion as he rubbed his eyes.
“Yep,” Josephine replied as she gently lifted his head so he could see the dark orange mushroom cloud rising over the production facility.
“Help me all the way up,” Richard asked. Josephine put his arm over her shoulder and lifted him. Once he was back on his feet, the enemy surrendered to him. The Augs had witnessed the destruction of their production facility, and there was nothing left worth dying for. They had lost the fight and they knew it.
“Lay down your weapons, and we’ll let you go. If you don’t surrender, we’ll nuke Great Falls next!” Richard threatened. A commander of the Augs slowly stepped forward and laid his weapon at Richard feet.
“We surrender,” he replied with an expressionless look on his face. Richard nodded and then pulled a folded piece of paper out of his pocket and handed it to the Aug. The Aug looked down at the note and then looked back at him. 
“I don’t understand, this is the note I gave you in Fairfield?”
“Turn it over,” Richard replied. 
The Aug flipped it over and proceeded to read what had been written on the back of it, “To the leader of the Augs; if you lay down your arms, abandon your pursuit of world domination, and never implant another human being, you may live out the remainder of your lives in peace. I will wait for your response at our camp in the north which you may enter under a white flag of truce. If you do not respond within two weeks, we will continue attacking your cities until you are all destroyed. Sincerely, Richard of the Northern Clan.” 
“Are we free to go?” the Aug asked.
“Yes, but you must take the letter back to your superiors, and make sure they understand I am serious about this,” Richard said in a stern voice. The Aug quietly turned and walked over to a group of his comrades near the edge of the camp.
“Do you think they will accept your offer?” Josephine asked.
“I don’t know… but they have lost the one thing they were willing to die for,” he replied, as he glanced over at the crater where Malmstrom AFB once stood.
“What about retaliation, surely they will want to kill us after what we have done to them.”
“If they were human, I would expect it, but their social structure is ruled by self preservation and propagation. Since we have removed the latter, they have nothing to gain by fighting us. We have offered them peace, and threatened them with death, which do you think they will choose?” Richard replied.
 “So the war is over?” Josephine asked.
“Yes,” Richard said in a confident tone.
“Where will the Augs go?” Josephine asked.
“The nuke only destroyed the base, Great Falls is still perfectly habitable,” Richard replied.
“What about the fallout?” she asked.
“The city is west of the base and the prevailing wind blows east…” Richard suddenly realized that Jake and his men were northeast of the detonation.
“What is it?” Josephine asked.
“Have you seen Jake?” Richard said in a concerned tone.
“He was over near the ravine… oh here he comes now” Josephine replied.
“Hey, you made it,” Richard said in a welcoming tone.
 “I see you let the Augs go,” Jake responded disapprovingly.
“Yeah, I gave them an ultimatum, peace or death. In truth though, we can not afford to continue fighting them. Any further losses on our side will put our survival as a species in jeopardy, and let’s not forget that they still outnumber us exponentially. I think we have proven who is the dominant species, but let’s not push it,” Richard insisted. Jake nodded and then walked away without responding to Richard’s statement. 
“Is he alright?” Richard asked, seeming confused by his actions.
“I don’t know? Let me go see what’s wrong,” Josephine replied as she helped Richard sit down before taking off after Jake.
“Are you okay?” Josephine questioned after stopping him.
“Nothing is wrong!” Jake replied sharply.
“Your actions and your voice contradict that assertion,” Josephine said in a demanding tone.
“Very well, you’ll figure it out in a day or two anyway. My men and I were not far enough away from the city when the bomb exploded. I’m not an expert, but I am certain we have been exposed to a lethal dose of radiation,” he admitted. Josephine stepped closer so she could examine him. Then her eyes began to tear, as the dirt and grime thinly veiled patches of swollen red flesh and blisters in their infancy.
“Oh no… I fired the missile off too early. I should have waited. This is all my fault!” Josephine cried. Tears ran down her face as Jake reached out and hugged her.
“Don’t blame yourself, if you would have waited, the Augs would have had time to overrun the camp. We would all be dying, instead of just a couple of us,” Jake said in a solemn tone.
“I know, I am so sorry,” Josephine said as her voice cracked.
“It’s alright,” Jake replied as he patted her on the back. “You did the right thing, you should be rejoicing, not crying. The war is over thanks to you and Richard.”
“You’re not angry with me?” she said.
“I love you, how could I be angry. Now dry your eyes, and go help Richard. He looks like he’s getting jealous,” Jake said in an effort to make her feel better.
Josephine wiped her eyes and gave Jake a look that conveyed her sympathy. Then she reluctantly headed over to check on Richard.
“How are you doing?” she asked.
“My leg is still useless, but Sean said the wounds are superficial, and I will recover.”
“That’s good to hear,” Josephine replied with a smile that quickly faded as she thought about Jake and the others who had not been so lucky.
“Did you find out what’s bothering Jake?” Richard asked.
“He and his men were too close to the blast… I think they have radiation sickness,” Josephine said as she held back the tears.
“Sacrifice is an inevitable part of war, but had you not fired that warhead off when you did, we would have lost the battle, the war, and our fight for survival. Your actions saved all but a few,” Richard insisted.
“That’s what Jake said,” Josephine admitted with a sniffle. Richard gently wiped a tear from her face and kissed it.
“I would like to thank Jake and the others for their sacrifice, do you think that would be appropriate?” Richard asked.
“Yes, I’ll go get them, you just stay put and rest your leg,” Josephine replied.
A few moments later Jake and a half dozen other clansmen appeared.
“Josephine told me what happened, and I’m truly sorry that things turned out this way. Has Sean had a chance to examine all of you?” Richard asked.
“He did,” Jake replied. “He is going to make sure we don’t suffer, but what’s done is done, and the important thing is that we were able to see the Augs defeated. A reward worth the sacrifice.”
“Your team, along with Josephine, deserve the credit for this victory, we will never forget what you have done,” Richard said as he reached out and shook their hands one by one.
After Jake was gone, Richard asked Josephine if she could get the rest of the rebels to come over so that he could address them.
Once they were gathered around, Richard looked out at the weary crowd and stood up with Josephine’s help.
“First off let me start out by personally thanking each and every one of you for your courage and bravery. Without your determination and commitment, I would not be here proudly representing the best of humanity. The enemy has been defeated, and I believe they will agree to our terms. In the meantime we need to start thinking about our future and how we want to shape it. We have been given the opportunity to rebuild our society from the ground up, and I am confident that we can learn from our past mistakes. My hope is that the future generations will be as proud to be human as we are, and will never forget the sacrifices made to ensure their freedom. So, let’s pay our respects to the fallen, and then head back home.”
After the meeting ended, Richard hobbled over to the edge of the overlook and sat down with Josephine.
“How are you doing?” he asked.
“I’m glad it’s over, but I feel awful about what happened to Jake and his friends,” she replied.
“I couldn’t be more impressed with him. A true patriot who gave his all to save us. I know you feel responsible for what happened to him, but the truth is, we would all be dead if you had not nuked the Augs when you did,” Richard said in a soft voice.
“I know, it just difficult to see people you care about in pain,” Josephine sighed.
“Time heals all wounds as they say, and I believe that to be true. Before we met, I was driven by hatred and revenge, but you have taught me to love again. My only hope is that I can repay your kindness, by devoting myself to you,” Richard said as he reached over and held her hand.
“That’s a promise I will hold you too,” Josephine replied as she kissed his cheek.
Chapter 22
As the rebel force entered the settlement through the south, they were met with smiles and cheers from all of those who had remained behind. Several of the soldiers lifted Richard and Josephine off their feet and carried them along like royalty as they walked down the snow-covered streets in triumph. It was an emotional homecoming, and although a few had tears in their eyes from the loss of loved ones, far more had tears of joy.
Once the fanfare died down, the soldiers made their way back to their homes to be with their families. Richard hobbled over to the pasture with Josephine’s help. When Dakota saw them, he came running over, and right behind him was a cinnamon colored foal.
“Dakota, you’re a father!” Richard cried out with joy. Dakota neighed and then rested his head on Richard’s shoulder. The foal cautiously approached and then nuzzled Josephine with her head, mimicking Dakota. Josephine could not resist petting the little horse and after a few minutes of greeting each other, Dakota and his foal trotted back over to the other horses.
“They seem really happy,” Josephine remarked.
“Yeah, and it looks like a couple more mares are pregnant too,” Richard said with a smile.
“I’m sorry we can’t have kids of our own. I would love to adopt a couple of kids, but there aren’t any orphans thanks to the Augs,” Josephine said as she looked over at Richard.
“It’s okay, I have you, and that’s more than enough to make me happy,” Richard said with a smile.

“Let’s get you back to the cabin so you can rest your leg,” Josephine suggested.
“That sounds good, and I think I need a bath, what do you think?” Richard joked.
“Nothing sounds better to me right now,” Josephine replied.
“What’s that, me taking a bath, or you taking one?” he smirked.
“How about both,” Josephine replied.
The next morning, Richard was awakened by a loud knocking at the front door.
“What’s going on?” Richard asked when he peeked out and saw Sean.
“There is an Aug approaching from the south and he has a white flag.” 
“Okay, I’ll be right out,” Richard said as he hurriedly put his clothes on.
“What’s going on?’ Josephine asked.
“An Aug is coming up the road,” he replied.
“I’ll come with you,” she announced. Richard might have objected, but he needed her help to walk.
When they reached the south end of the settlement, they saw the Aug standing there waiting for Richard. 
“I am the leader of this clan, do you have a message for me?” Richard asked.
“Yes, we have accepted your terms,” the Aug replied.
“So you will leave us alone and vice-versa,” Richard questioned.
“Yes,” the Aug replied.
“How do we know that you won’t attack us?” Richard asked.
“I have been given orders to provide you with the access codes to our satellites. With those you can verify what you need to,” the Aug replied as he handed Richard a laser inscribed metal disc with numbers and letters inscribed on it.
“Thank you,” Richard replied as he turned to head back towards the camp.
“Wait!” the Aug said in a reluctant tone. Richard felt his heart race as he looked back over his shoulder at the Aug, wondering what trick he was about to become a victim of.
“A few of our women are pregnant, and we have no use for newborns now that our supply of larvae is gone,” the Aug said in a mundane tone.
“We’ll take them off of your hands,” Josephine blurted out.
“Alright, I’ll have them brought to you when they are weaned off of the females,” the Aug replied.
“I appreciate your offer,” Richard said as he held out his hand. The Aug reluctantly shook it, and then walked away. Once the Aug was out of sight, Josephine hugged Richard as hard as she could. Then she whispered, “It looks like we get to adopt after all.” Richard felt a few tears falling onto his shoulder and then he kissed Josephine’s cheek.
“My broken heart has been mended,” he whispered back.


###
The Facts Behind the Fiction
My novel Dominant Species might be fictional, but the architecture of the story is based around a framework facts. Below is a list of just a few of the amazing, yet true details that I used to create the story. (1)

DARPA - Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency is part of the United States Department of Defense and is responsible for the development of new technologies for use by the military. Believe it or not, DARP is actively funding brain implant and brain control research. This type of research is nothing new. Declassified documents show that the CIA conducted over 150 secret mind control programs on unsuspecting humans during the 1950-1970’s. The program was called MKULRTA.

The 341st Medical Group is located at Malmstrom AFB in Great Falls, Montana. The medical group works out of a four-building campus, which includes a 91,000 square-foot main facility.

The Black Horse Troopers are part of the 11th Armored Cavalry. They were founded in 1901 and are still an active unit of the United States Army. 

Mosquito bites infect an estimated 700 million humans every year with viruses, bacteria, protozoa, and worm larvae. Of those infected, over one million die each year, making Mosquitoes the most deadly creature on the planet - after humans of course.

Taenia Solium – The Pork Tapeworm infects humans in two distinct ways. The normal route of infection is though ingestion of contaminated meat, typically pork, containing the tapeworm larva. The larva attach itself to the intestinal wall of its host and develops into an adult worm. This form of infection is considered relatively harmless by the medical community because the parasite consumes minor amounts of the host’s nutrients. The second route of infection is less common, but is considered extremely dangerous. If a human ingests food contaminated with the tapeworm’s embryonated egg stage, the eggs hatch inside the host’s small intestine, perforates the intestinal wall, and then migrate throughout the host’s circulatory system. From there, the larvae preferentially intrude into the brain and smooth muscle tissues causing severe damage to the host. This form of infection is most prevalent in underdeveloped countries, where meat is consumed raw or undercooked.

Ophiocordyceps Unilateralis is a fungus who’s spores attach to an ant, slowly break through the exoskeleton, and then manipulate the ants behavior to suit it’s own needs, creating what is often referred to as a ‘zombie ant’. After infection by the fungus, the ant leaves its colony, and carries the fungus to the forest floor where it searches for a suitable plant which the ant bites onto. After permanently attaching itself to the plant, the fungus kills the ant, consumes its body, and then sends up a spore shoot to start the whole cycle over. 

Hymenoepimecis Argyraphaga is a parasitic wasp that lays an egg on the underside of an unsuspecting spider. After the egg hatches, the larva bores a hole through the spider’s abdomen so it can feed off of the spider’s blood until it matures. Once the larva matures, it injects the spider with a biochemical that reprograms the spider’s brain to build a web designed to support the wasp's cocoon. After the web is completed, the larva kills the spider and consumes its body fluids prior to pupation. 

If the parasite examples above don’t have you convinced that humans are at risk of being controlled by a much simpler organism, then let me introduce you to Toxoplasma gondii. It’s a nasty little protozoa that causes a disease called toxoplasmosis and is estimated to have already infected 30% of the human population. Research has shown that when rats are infected with toxoplasma, the parasite causes them to lose their natural fear of cats. Cats are the primary host for Toxoplasma and although the protozoa can infect all mammals, it can only reproduce in felines. So the infected rat loses its innate fear of cats, gets eaten, and the protozoa can reproduce and spread. Research suggest that Toxoplasma may also effect human behavior and the parasite does infect brain tissue.

Dryopteri filix-mas is a common fern found throughout North America. The root of the fern contains the compounds Filicin and Filmarone, which are natural vermifuges - drugs that cause the expulsion or death of intestinal worms including tapeworms, hook worms, liver flukes, round worms, and pin worms.

(1)Sources: Wikipedia, and the internet.

About the Author
For the last several years I have been working as a Manufacturing Chemist in the Pharmaceutical Industry. My interests include, hiking, camping, geology, and exploring old mining camps. When I am not spending time with my family or enjoying the outdoors, I write fictional novels and short stories for young readers. 
I value reader impute and welcome comments and questions about my books. I also realize that some typographical errors might slip by myself, or the editors. If you find an error, please feel free to send me an email and I will make an effort to remove the error in the next revision.

Thanks again, Ben Hughes

Email: kelso1901@yahoo.com
My Other Books
My science fiction books do contain some suggestive content and an occasional curse word. These are not romance novels, but there may be some romance and adult situations within the story line. They do have scenes of violence and some graphic content.

My fantasy books are written for young readers who have graduated from picture books to chapter books. They do not contain any explicit content or profanity. They do have some mild violence that might not be suitable for all readers.


Science Fiction

Dreamstone
Dominate Species


Fantasy


Dragon Adventure Series:
Book One:  A Dragon Named Splinter
Book Two:  The Blue Dragon
Book Three:  The Dragon Wizard
Book Four:  Fire Dragons
