Zombie Cowboys

Book One: The Arrival

John M. Davis

Copyright 2015 Serenity Valley Publishing
Photo Credit: Bahman
www.flickr.com/photos/bahman2005
Editing: Daniél Lecoq


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents

Prologue:    How It Began
Chapter 1:    A Woman In Need
Chapter 2:    The Brute Suit
Chapter 3:    Daybreak
Chapter 4:    Settling In
About the Author




Prologue
How It Began


Forget about the world you think you know.
I'm here to tell you that it's all bullshit. In the year 1866, following the greatest war the United States has ever known, our world began showing signs of the Mortakin Virus. Three months later, civilization as we knew it was over.
Roughly three quarters of those among us became infected. From the best our scientists could tell during the scramble, it was an airborne virus. Likewise, it didn't take long for Mortakin to rip through folks across the world.
A little over half of them dropped dead as a stone within 24 hours of contracting the virus. Showing only a low-grade fever at first, their temperature then quickly spiked well beyond its normal range. Their bodies becoming too hostile to operate under normal conditions, which led to organs shutting down.
Those who didn't quite drop dead from the virus, well, they changed. At first, it appeared that they'd successfully beaten the virus. But it became clear very quickly that they were no longer the person of old. Clinically passing away for a short time, before coming back from the dead with a hunger something fierce. Typical Zombies, I suppose. Not that there's anything typical about running folks down to gnaw on their flesh.
For whatever reason, the last quarter of the world's population seemed to be immune to the virus. Their bodies just didn't take to it and we never quite figured out why. No fever, no possibility of being turned.
Maybe it has something to do with genetics, hell, maybe the brand of whiskey a man chooses to drink. That's how clueless our top scientists were, and still are, when it comes to the Mortakin. In the end, the reasoning doesn't amount to a hill of beans. What matters is humanity was left with only a fraction of its original population.
If you think this is the typical story of survival, think again. We've had 150 years to survive and we've done a pretty good job with it, given the circumstances. The Zombies have also adapted. Most of them are the garden variety. Lethargic, simple-minded and lead-footed. Walking around on the brink of starvation will do that – even to the dead. That said, many of them seem to ally themselves around an alpha of the pack. Proof of real evolution among the undead.
They invent better ways to chase us and we invent quicker ways to stay a few steps ahead of them. Humanity has found that there is strength in numbers, which, sadly, works both ways. Find yourself swamped by a superior number of growling dead and you might as well bend over and kiss your own ass goodbye.
Most folks who choose to live on land, as opposed to the deep seas, tend to stick to the high ground. For some, that means the towering skyscrapers of a world that was. Large cities remain overrun, while the tallest buildings belong to our kind once more. Entire smaller cities now holding up in the tallest skyscrapers left intact.
For others, large, networking caves or barges on the sea work just fine. Or, like the folks in Jacento and hundreds of locations just like it; it means a very small city built atop towers of stone.
Cities trade back and forth using airships or hot air balloons, which seems only natural. Everyone had the technology to use steam power, and that's pretty much all it takes for the rawest of ships. Along with a bit of fabric and some luck.
If you have fish hand over fist, but desire something else, you trade with folks by way of airship. Every location has its resources and every location has a list of needs. You find other locations to trade with and you do your best to keep surviving. There are no more nations, just cities. Cities working together, that's the new networking of power. Each place has its own rules, and you'd be wise to follow them.
Like I said before, the world has changed. But, as some folks eventually figure out, some things will never change. Greed, lust and deception are all part of our everyday lives. No matter what the circumstances are.




Chapter 1
A Woman In Need


It's hard to imagine chaos in a world that ushers in a brand new day by way of a gorgeous sunrise.
Hughes thought long and hard about that as he continued to puff the small nub of a very tough cigar. His rough lips massaging the brittle leaf wrapping a bit as mental gears did their work in his head.
He'd seen a lot during his lifetime of thirty-four years. The things some folks are willing to do, well, they bothered him a bit. Though he never let on to the fact, Hughes often thought about the folks aboard the airships and hot air balloons that seemed to coast about the serene blue skies throughout the day. He figured that each of them had their own story. Some thought of the past and how it might be possible to reclaim a world that was. Others, no doubt, tried their best to bury the past and move forward. Just as Hughes did.
“Are you ready to head out?”
“No,” Hughes replied, looking to his longtime friend, Eli Sykes. “Hell no.”
Zombie Cowboys were often thought of as brave and heroic. Sometimes even stupid, for tempting the hands of fate by journeying out into the infected world that once was. But honestly, most cowboys were neither. They were just as afraid as the rest of humanity when it came to being cornered and mauled to death by infected dead.
That said, many of them had no other talents in a world that required them. Everyone did their own part. Some folks knew how to work with iron and other precious metals. Creating the things a present day world needed. Some could farm, others were intelligent enough to make a difference with paper and the stroke of a pen. Often times becoming leaders.
In Hughes' case, he was downright good at killing shit, and that was the blunt truth of it. He had mastered the swing of a pipe and the aim of a shotgun and had proven himself capable of it, even when nerves had set in. Each Zombie Cowboy had.
To the rest of the world, they were misunderstood. But to each other, cowboys were a brotherhood. They understood what needed to be done.
Often times, Zombie Cowboys would share drinks with each other within town walls and try to kill one another in the surrounding hills. Friendship aside, their survival within society depended on scoring valuable items and bringing them back for barter. While they might have enjoyed sharing drinks together, as well as tall tales of adventure, when it came right down to it every cowboy was out there for himself.
Eventually that led to Zombie Cowboys grouping up into very small clans and adventuring together. Each member would watch the backs of the others and at the end of the day they would divide the take. It improved their chances of survival against other cowboys, as it did against ravenous hordes of undead.
Hughes was the muscle of his two-man group. Taller than average with a plentiful build, he was stocky, not fat in the least. Hughes was a fighter and always had been. The type of man that took no shit and was quick to give it when needed. A thick head of dark brown hair topping off his experienced face and trim beard of unkempt facial hairs.
His friend Eli Sykes was of a different sort. Average height and, at best, average build. He was clean shaven and a bit more proper. Especially when it came to his words, which matched the slickness of feathery brown hair atop his head.
“Even so, we need to go sooner rather than later. We can't afford to be burning daylight.” Eli replied.
“Fuck.” Hughes grumbled with aggravation as he slowly stood to his feet. Not happy about having to leave the comforts of home behind.
Glancing around, the city of Jacento was already in full swing for the day. A hundred or more buildings, each of them decent-sized, resting atop the large tower which had been constructed during the rebuilding years.
Those who'd survived, banded together and did what they had to do. If there were enough survivors, a decent-sized city would prove the end result. Smaller groups formed smaller towns, though most folks lived several stories above ground.
Rather than launch a war against the Zombies that we'd most certainly lose, humanity launched a war of wits. We'd built slick towers of stone that could withstand any pounding undead hands could serve, while offering no hope of entry from below. Just a single door that was secured with a large deadbolt. Used only during the building of Jacento and very dire emergencies.
Pulling the cigar from his mouth, Hughes quickly flicked it over the tower's edge. Watching it fall down onto the starving horde of flesh-eating Zombies below. Acting as they always did, be it here in Jacento or any other decent-sized living tower. As a moat of lost souls. Growling with pains of hunger and anticipation as they looked up into the sky. Wishing they could have the salty flesh of a living carcass.
“Let's go be cowboys.” Hughes said with regret.
It stung a bit, knowing everyone in society had their job. Some were inventors, blessed with the intelligence and understanding of creating new things, especially with limited resources. Some folks did what they could in fishing, which came in handy for the smaller cities aboard barges at sea. Some folks created weaponry, others made clothing. For a select few, life consisted of the adventures outside of the tower's safe keeping. Folks who hung it all out on the line in order to explore a world that once was. It galled Hughes a bit. He'd always wished for another talent, but outside of curse words – killing was his thing.
Zombie Cowboys would leave their home city and set out to find anything of value. Sometimes they would return with weaponry from a time when the north fought the south. Other times they'd return with a pocket full of jewelry. Books filled with valuable technical blueprints, medicine and so the list went on.
It was how Hughes, Eli Sykes and men like them made a living. Looting a world that once was, and trading valuables for a place among society. And it was dangerous work.
Know your enemy. Pack heat. Have a plan. That was universally known as the creed of a Zombie Cowboy. It didn't take long to find yourself surrounded by a flesh-eating horde, at which point you were shit out of luck. It also didn't take a rocket scientist to quickly figure out that the living were just as dangerous. Especially when money and notoriety were involved – which came with the territory
As Hughes bitched under his breath, Eli understood he'd need to lead out. Grabbing a zip line device from his bag, Eli connected it to the line above and began bolting it down tightly. Grabbing the device, which was a set of basic handlebars now hanging from sturdy steel cabling, Eli closed his eyes for a moment and lunged off of the tower's edge. Quickly zipping past the horde through the sky above and heading directly for a dense forest which topped a nearby mountain.
“There's got to be a better way.” Hughes said, bolting his own device down and grabbing hold. “Oh SHIT!” he cried out loudly, as he usually did, while the zip line carried him through the sky above. Several stories above the hungry horde. His large frame looked like a toy as it dangled at such a rapid pace.
For most cities, towns or any other settlements of size, there were two ways in. The zip line and, for the more wealthy, the airship. The majestic beauty of an airship was only its surface. Beneath all of the glass, copper accenting and steam-powered engineering, was a very specific purpose. If a person had enough money, they could purchase one of the very limited seats above a departing airship. Opening up the entire world at their fingertips.
Most times, Zombie Cowboys didn't have the luxury of an airship, nor did most of the common folks unless they sold out and decided to change their scenery permanently. For cowboys, their way of travelling was exiting the city by an advanced zip line system. Each tower connected to a high spot nearby with cabling.
For Jacento, that high spot was atop a mountain filled with thick foliage. The pole inside of the city was adjustable, meaning if a person wanted to exit the city, they could adjust the pole higher and, upon zipping, gravity would do its job in taking them to the pole atop the mountain, which rested lower. If someone was entering the city, the pole inside the city could be lowered accordingly, making the pole on the mountaintop higher and allowing the person to zip in.
It was very crude and basic at first glance, but the fact that an entire network of zip lines had been strategically placed throughout the new world gave light to the fact that inventors were still ahead of the Zombies. Flesh-eating rots had no zip line devices and certainly had no smarts to use the cabling system. It allowed humanity to travel quickly while skirting around most known locations that were thick with biters.

“That never gets old.” Eli said as he clipped his zip line attachment back onto his backpack with ease.
“The fuck you talking about?” Hughes grumbled, attaching his own to the backpack which rested snugly to his back. “That trick was old the first time I did it. I'd like to grab one of these borderline skeletons by its neck and shove my attachment halfway up its ass.” he growled with anger.
“You don't say?” Eli asked with a grin.
“The zipline attachment!” Hughes defended. “You know what I'm talking about. Always twisting my words and shit.”
“Cheer up,” Eli said, smacking his good friend across the shoulder. “We're still alive and the horde down there is still starving. None the wiser.”
“I'll cheer up when this sack is full of goodies and I'm back in Jacento with my feet kicked up. Preferably in a hot bath and surrounded by women.”
“Blonde or brunette?”
“Don't really matter,” Hughes replied. “They can be chrome-domed, for all I care. Just as long as they can massage tension from my back and flirt heavy enough.”
“Now that I can't argue with.” Eli replied with a grin.
“So where are we headed this time out?”
Hughes normally did the fighting and asking, while Eli did the thinking. He always seemed to have a plan. Sometimes it fetched them a peck of trouble, mind you, but more times than not, Eli Sykes was very smooth when it came to planning.
“Well,” Eli replied, grabbing a map and studying hard. “I thought we'd make our way south a bit. Check out the ruins. I know it's a little more dangerous but there's a chance we can fill our packs quicker.”
The Pacific Northwest, as it had been formerly known. Now that our world had rebuilt, the entire area contained a few large cities that lay in ruins. Filled with items of interest, as well as a lot of biters.
Both men stopped for a second, growing very silent as Hughes eased the peacemaker from his back.
Both men had guns, but they also had smarts. A gunshot, even a single one, would have the ability to draw in far too many Zombies. So each man also carried a melee weapon. Any smart Zombie Cowboy did – often using them against each other in fighting for the same loot, while not drawing the wrong kind of attention.
Eli's weapon of choice was a properly-edged machete. It had seen its fair share of kills, but as he stood there, map in hand, he'd place his life in the hands of Hughes. Also in Hughes' hands – the finest peacemaker in Jacento.
A thick hickory stick which filled out to be about nearly the width of a baseball bat, only flat around the edges. Its edges were trimmed in copper, which bolted down tightly and had seen its fair share. The handle was padded softly for a comfortable grip, and Hughes had even paid to have a wood-burner in Jacento engrave the peacemaker with a large heart. Because, in the end, he was a lover.
It looked too smooth to wield, quite honestly, but packed the bite of a sledgehammer when it came down to it. As Hughes waited, peacemaker at the ready, the men were finally welcomed by a large squirrel. In search of nuts and finding two panicked men instead. Beggars can't always be choosers.
“Fuck,” Hughes said with a breath of relief. “Scram, you little brown-eyed bastard. Before I fill your cheeks with my rifle.”
“So you agree with the plan?” Eli asked.
“Yea, sounds well enough.”
“We'll have to keep close to the river until we get close. Then we'll break away and go into the ruins at nightfall.”
“Yea,” Hughes replied. “That works.”
“Anything we're looking for in particular?” Eli asked.
“Seems to be a premium right now on flashy jewelry, and, of course, Daniel is hounding me for as much gadgetry as I can round up. We should have plenty of room to grab the best of both worlds.” Hughes replied.
Daniel was one of Jacento's two blacksmiths, though he considered himself an inventor first. He loved creating things. Everything from weaponry to lighting devices, Daniel did what he could to make life just a bit more livable. Such ingenuity took resources. Things like wiring, copper and other decent metals, along with working gears. Eli and Hughes would bring him back a pirate's ransom of supplies, and, in return, he'd repair what they needed repaired. Also letting them try the newest weapons first.
“Yea, well,” Eli said. “Take one last look. We may be gone for a while.”
But Hughes was already looking. Every single time they headed out to scavenge the lands, Hughes found himself admiring the beauty of a city resting atop a stone tower. Even if there were so many damn Zombies at its bottom awaiting a feast that would never come. It was still his home.
“I've never understood why we just don't hang off the side of Jacento and dust every one of those son of a bitches,” Hughes admitted. “Clean the place up a bit, you know? Hell, plant some flowers out there or something.”
“It'd be a waste of ammunition,” Eli replied. “Besides, the gunshots would likely draw twice as many as before.”
“I suppose you're right.”
The horde had literally been at Jacento's doorstep for years. Otherwise standing in a very wide open plain of tall grass with outlying mountains surrounding it, Jacento had become known for its horde. They'd given up trying to scratch and claw their way through the very thick stone which supported the tall tower and city above, having resorted to grimacing looks and ferocious howling.
But, unless you were drunk and walking along the city's edge by yourself, there was absolutely nothing to fear from the pitiful looking horde below. A few of the bravest citizens in Jacento had even paid to have their homes built over the edge just a bit. The beach front property of a post-apocalyptic world in an area where no beaches were to be had.

Travelling during the daylight hours in a world now shared with the roaming dead was bad enough. But having to settle down for the night by way of camp fire was far worse. The winds were too cold and crisp to make it without a heat source. Especially during the coldest months of the year. However, the flicker of light and scent of burning wood was easy to draw in biters, which left every sane mane thinking long and hard about it. Just one of the many downfalls to being a Zombie Cowboy.
Through their years of experience, Eli and Hughes had developed their own early warning system. Fifty yards in each direction, they'd laid out trip wires attached to tin cans that were filled with rocks. Not exactly much to look at, granted, but they let the two men know of any trouble headed in.
The loud rattling of rocks inside of the cans gave them enough time to prepare to fight, or run, depending on what stumbled into camp. They also warmed as they ate dinner and doused the fire out soon after. Taking turns with watch throughout the night. It cut down on their sleep at night, but ensured the men they wouldn't wake up beside a woman that wanted more than just crotch meat.
They'd been robbed, left for dead, lost and half-starved, even running across times they wished for death. Most Zombie Cowboys had, at one point or another. There was no real training when becoming a man of risk and adventure. You expressed interest to someone already wrapped up in the business, and if they thought you'd make a good one, eventually you'd become an apprentice. In other words, you hauled their shit around and they made extra room for you around the campfire at night. Sometimes cutting you in on the financial aspect of it, if you were lucky.
Zombie Cowboys were the new age of adventurers. Gone were the days of looting a dragon's dungeon, as were the days of rushing to mine gold in the craziest of fashions. The new gold mines were cities left behind from a world that was. Each filled with a great deal of things to be desired, a shitload of Zombies and, sometimes, other folks out for the same damn things. Zombie Cowboys were tough, rugged, sometimes lucky and looked up to by many within our current societies. It's what made them unique, and each man or woman had their own reasons for doing it. Many did it for the money or even the local notoriety.
In Eli's case, he felt intrigued by the virus itself. Why did some of our population remain immune? It was a question that most folks had quit asking a long time ago. But not Eli. He often searched for anything he could find on the virus, left by scientists of a time that had long gone. He still wondered what made his bloodline unique enough to survive? When he saw the biters, he did what he could to imagine them before the apocalypse. They were someone's daughter, or son, or spouse. Eli always tried to respect that fact and run first, when it was possible. Killing them only as a last resort.
The biters had learned to procreate. Perhaps it was not as pleasurable for those involved, but the living dead understood that it was their way of surviving the years. Rather than dying off, they could multiply their numbers and keep humanity on its final stand.
Eli may have felt remorse for killing them, but Hughes was of a different sort. He truly didn't give a damn as to why his bloodline had survived the virus. Hughes found joy in a short list of things that life had to offer. Booze, cigars, booty, good boots and cracking skulls. If something came at him with the intent to feast on his flesh, then Hughes had no problem smashing its skull like a ragged grapefruit. He made no bones about that.
Through all of their harsh experiences together, even their differences, Eli and Hughes had one very important thing to show for it. Trust. Either one of them could lay down at night and sleep like a baby, knowing the other one had his back. They'd each proven themselves to the other, time and again.

“It's wake up time,” Hughes said, shaking his friend a bit as daylight had once again flooded the landscape. “We're already dragging late because of the rocky terrain.” Moments later, Hughes swung his peacemaker like a man on a mission, crushing an approaching walking dead directly in the face and caving its facial features into its skull. Transforming it into an oozing ball of nastiness.
“What the?” Eli asked, using his arms to quickly help him to his feet. The Zombie falling only a couple of feet away.
“You want some coffee?” Hughes asked.
Sure enough, a pot stood resting atop a blazing fire that Hughes had started just prior to sunrise. Zombies or no Zombies, he was having his damn coffee.
“Coffee?” Eli asked with a puzzled voice.
“Well yea, You know? It's black. It's hot. You drink it? But hell, it's up to you. I'm not going to force you to drink it. Just leaves more for my sweet lips to cherish.”
“But there are biters just a few feet away?” Eli replied.
“Fuck 'em,” Hughes said. “Unless it's a pack, I'm not worried about it. Hell, they are probably coming for the coffee too.”
“You're unbelievable.” Eli said, though he made his way to the fire. Warming his hands for a moment and then pouring a cup of the piping black goodness. Acting as he normally did with no biters approaching. Having realized his friend had things under control.
“Yea,” Hughes replied with a grin. “But so is the coffee.”
“It's good, I'll hand it to you.” Eli confirmed.
Lighting a cigar while rolling it slowly, Hughes took several deep draws as he pulled the bloodied peacemaker to the ready with aggravation.
“Son of a bitch,” he barked, swinging it onto an oncoming biter and folding the bony monster to the ground like an accordion. “A man would end up swinging his damn arm out by lunchtime.”
“We need to get a move on anyway.” Eli replied, dousing the rest of his coffee onto the fire with a sizzle.
It drew a stern look from his larger friend.
“What?” Eli asked.
“That's wasteful.” Hughes replied.
“It's coffee.” Eli shrugged.
“That's right. It's coffee.” Hughes repeated sternly.
He was a man with strong convictions about the better things in life. He'd spilled more whiskey than most men had drank. Hughes could tell you the origin of a cigar by the smell of it, he loved the thick bottom of a good looking woman and coffee was to be respected. Those were all house rules – in his house.
“We need to pack up the trip wires and we'll be all-”
“Already did it.” Hughes replied.
“You did?” Eli asked with surprise.
“Damn straight.”
“Oh,” Eli said. “The coffee.”
“It's a beautiful thing, brother.”
Eli smiled wide, having no idea what to say in response. Both men pulled their packs back to the tops of their backs and prepared to continue a hike that would lead them south, to the ruins of the cities closest by.

Our world had become both majestic and eerie, depending on a person's view of things. The ability to walk through open fields and see nothing and hear even less, was a bit odd. Animals were still around, though not nearly as plentiful as they had been before the Mortakin Virus struck. They had not taken to the infection itself, but many had fallen victim to the hunger of roaming dead, while some had fallen into the hands of living folks that were equally as starving. What animals did remain had a tendency to stay out of sight. It was their only defensive advantage. They, too, had evolved.
Just thick grassy fields of absolutely nothing.
“Hold up.” Eli said.
“What?” Hughes replied.
Pointing out a strange coloring against the tree line ahead, Eli motioned his friend forward slowly. Peacemaker as the ready.
“It's a fucking airship.” Hughes commented.
“I see that.” Eli replied, restating the obvious.
As they neared, a blind man could have seen it. Wooden galleon smashed to bits with bright red balloon material caught in the tops of several trees.
“I'm seeing three.” Eli said.
“I'm seeing a lot of loot aboard the airship, so fuck it,” Hughes replied. “Let's go crack some skulls.”
Eli replied with a nod, unsheathing his own machete and preparing to do whatever he needed to.
Easing through the tall grass, the first biter remained slumped over with its back turned. Feasting on the body of a victim from the crash.
“Hope you got your fill,” Hughes said loudly. Prompting the Zombie to turn quickly and bare its blood-stained teeth. Upset that its dinner had been interrupted. “Cause you'll be gumming the next one.”
Hughes swung hard, shattering the teeth from the Zombie's mouth and rendering it helpless as a single hand raised to prevent another strike. Not that it could. Hughes' second swing was forceful enough to break through the bony arm and crush into its skull. Killing it truly dead this time around.
“Heads up.” Eli said, readying his blade and watching two Zombies approaching slowly. Both of them males.
He wondered if they had children out there somewhere. Trying to imagine the pain of being separated by such a disease.
“Quit thinking and whack the bastards!” Hughes yelled out, swinging once more and cutting his second kill down quickly.
Taking his friend's advice, Eli finally sliced through the air and cut into his target. The machete was a little fancier and took a bit more doing, but a handful of strikes later their last foe lay dead.
“Did you plan on killing it or square dancing with the fucker?” Hughes asked with a touch of aggravation.
“Him, not it,” Eli said. “Somewhere beneath all of that infection is still a person.”
“Oh yea?” Hughes asked, forcefully pulling his peacemaker back out of the fallen's skull. “Maybe you should get directions next time. Hey, you?” Hughes asked, leaning down to the dead Zombie in taunting fashion. “Is there something I can help you with?”
“Help me!” a woman's voice cried out, startling both men and nearly forcing Hughes to jump from his own skin.
“What the fuck?” he asked loudly.
“It's not the Zombie. It's a combination of your cowboy coffee and an actual woman that needs our help,” Eli replied as he shook his head. “Sounds like it came from the ship's reinforced lock box.”
Each of the airships had one. It normally contained the captain's personal logs, items of extreme value, and, in this case, a frantic woman. Doing what she could to kick against the thick metal and scream, having realized live people were close by.
“The damn treasure is begging us to take it. I've heard stories of this happening, but figured I'd never see it happen to me.” Hughes joked.
“It's not treasure, you idiot,” Eli said. “It's a bonafide woman in distress.”
“I know that!” Hughes defended.
“Ma'am, can you hear me?” Eli asked, kneeling next to a very large wooden box. Sealed tight with a shatter-proof lock.
“Yes,” a woman replied. “Oh thank God!”
“I can't bust the lock with anything but a firearm. I'm going to need you to get as far away from the door as possible. Can you do that?” Eli asked.
“Wait, what?” the woman asked. “No, that's a terrible idea. I can't move anywhere, there's no room!”
“Besides, if he accidentally shoots you, we'll do our best to get you to a doctor. OK?” Hughes said with a bit of laughter.
“No. I am a doctor. Please don't shoot!”
“Ma'am, the name's Eli. I'm a crack shot, don't you worry about that. It's the only way the box is opening, I'm afraid. What's your name?”
“Claire.” the woman replied after a long pause.
“OK, Claire, just think about a happy place,” Eli said, aiming his six-pounder handgun. “Like shopping or something.”
“Shopping?” she asked. “And you kidding me right now?”
With a single pistol shot, the lock flew from the box with fury. Allowing the woman to spring to her feet and finally see daylight again.
“Really?” Claire shouted, pushing Eli backwards as she scorned him with looks. “You could have killed me!”
“And we could have left you, too,” Hughes replied. “Besides, he told you he was a crack shot.”
“I've never met a man who didn't claim that, and most of them couldn't hit the broad side of a barn!”
“Ma'am,” Eli finally replied in calming fashion. “Is there anything we can get for you? Food? Water? Are you hurt?”
“Oh God,” Claire finally said, breaking down a bit as she realized how closely she'd been to death. “No, but I've been in there for at least two days, best I can tell. Everyone is dead. The crew, the passengers...they're all dead.”
“We'll get a fire going and get you some food soon enough, ma'am. You just try to take it easy. Don't think about it, if you can help it,” Eli replied. “Here's a bit to drink.” he added, handing over a steel canteen.
As she began to gulp heavily, Claire spit out the drink with fury.
“For God's sake, it's whiskey!” Claire shouted.
“And you're spitting it out?” Hughes replied with anger.
“It's supposed to be water?” Eli said, turning to his friend.
“Well I must have gotten our canteen mixed up,” Hughes replied. “But that was perfectly good hooch! She hasn't the right.”
“My apologies.” Eli said, handing Claire a second canteen.
Sniffing over its spout for a moment, the woman began drinking feverishly. Fresh water tasting very good.
“Hughes, get a bit of wood together. Then I'll lay our lines.” Eli said.
“Alright,” Hughes said, prepared to let the issue of wasted whiskey die. “But make sure that's the only thing you lay. OK?”
Hughes winked a bit, becoming captain obvious without a cape.
Eli could have reached out and strangled his friend, if not for the fact that a lady was present. And, of course, the fact that Hughes likely would have snapped Eli's arms in two. So instead, he let it go with a stern glance.
Claire was simply breathtaking, there was no disputing the fact. Scantily dressed in a white dress of the sheerest materials, it was obvious that she had been headed somewhere important before the airship crashed down. But Eli did what he could to ignore all of that, even her impeccable beauty. Thinking of only a woman in distress.
“Ma'am,” Eli said. “You mind telling me how this happened?”
Claire broke down once again. This time laughing a bit as she cried. Upset for the loss of life, but happy to have survived.
“We were headed from New Boston to Gem City. Commercial flight, for the most part. Ab-” she replied, words beginning to stutter together. “About twenty of us altogether, including the crew. I was on my way to Gem City because they're in desperate need of doctors, among other reasons, and I graduated at the head of my class back in New Boston.”
“Medical school?” Eli asked.
“Yes,” Claire replied. “The engine took on a malfunction and the pilot tried, but he just couldn't hold it in the air. The steam quit coming. My guess is he tried to hit the tree tops in an effort to soften the impact, but he missed.”
“He hit trees. Most likely bounced after the initial impact.”
“When we crashed, most aboard were killed. Myself, two of the crew members and an older gentlemen were all that remained.” she said.
“And you guys ran into more trouble?” Eli asked.
“An alpha and a decent-sized group. The crew tucked me into the lockbox and said it would hold. I didn't want to, but there was no time. I heard gunshots – for a while. And then nothing. After a while I quit yelling out. It became obvious that I was the only living person left. I heard movement outside of the box, but not the typical kind, you know? No words. No discussion. Just the type of movement to be scared of. So I remained quiet. I had already made peace with my maker in there.”
Claire began to cry a bit, though she did what she could to fight it back. Thinking of the crew that had perished, the stupid luck that had kept her alive, and, most of all, her true reasoning for going to Gem City. Which she chose to keep to herself.
“Well, you're a long way from Gem City. That's the bad news. The good news is that we're just under a day from Jacento, though the terrain is rough. It's much smaller. I doubt it's on any of your maps, but we've got everything you need. I'm sure you can board another airship soon enough and be on your way to-”
“Are you kidding me?” Claire asked. “I wouldn't step on another airship if they paid me to do it. I'm not about to tempt fate.”
“Well ma'am, I can't rightfully blame you,” Eli replied. “I'd most likely be the same way if I were in your shoes.”
“Or in your pants,” Hughes added, walking to the group with an armful of burnable wood. “I'm just saying. I'm not really a shoe type of guy.”
“Wow.” Claire said.
“Please OVERLOOK my friend,” Eli replied. “He seems to have lost his manners. Not that he had many to begin with.”
“No, it's OK.” Claire said.
“What?” Hughes asked. “What did I say?”
“I'm going to go lay the lines,” Eli said. “Get a fire going and see to it that she eats. Can you do that?”
“I think I can manage it.” Hughes replied with sarcasm.
“Any valuables on the ship?” Hughes asked.
“Excuse me?” Claire asked.
“On the airship?” Hughes asked. “Were there any valuables?”
“Hughes!” Eli shouted from several feet away. “Just build the damn fire!”

“Still doesn't seem right.” Claire said.
As she sat in front of the fire nearly an hour later, feeling warm air brush against her skin, the distraught woman watched as Hughes picked through the wreckage. Grabbing anything of value and shoving it into his backpack.
“I can imagine how it must seem,” Eli replied. Sitting with the young woman and doing what he could to ease the burden of her recent trauma. “But you have to understand. Things like solid boots and good, thick coats, there's a need for them. The folks laying here aren't going to need them any longer, but I can guarantee you that someone back in Jacento will be mighty glad to be on the receiving end.”
“I suppose.” she replied.
“But I do apologize for my friend's brashness. He doesn't get out much,” Eli said with a grin. “I imagine things are a little different back in New Boston. We're just used to finding boxes filled with letters, maybe even fruit. When a woman of your level springs out of a box, well,” Eli added. “It's very unexpected, but in a good way.”
“My level?”
“Well, you must know how attractive you are? And from what I can tell, you're very well spoken. It's not every day that a woman of your brains and beauty falls from the sky. Except maybe angels.” Eli said.
“Angels.” Claire said with a laugh.
She understood what Eli was saying, in fact, she'd already grown fond of his silver tongue. What was most impressive about the young man was he honestly had no idea he was making her feel so special. Eli was simply stating the facts as he honestly saw them. And honesty wasn't something Claire was used to in men.
“Must be a lot different in New Boston?” Eli asked.
“People are still living on top of towers, if that's what you mean?”
“I just meant things a little less obvious. Maybe there's a protocol you folks follow when people you care about turn up dead?”
“We bury them,” Claire replied. “Same as before. We just have to be extra careful about it. New Boston has so many people that, well, we kind of take chances. Live near the towers and fall back to them in the event of trouble.”
“Towers? As in more than one?” Eli asked.
“Yes, of course,” Claire replied. “There are just too many folks for a single tower. Seven, altogether, connected by large bridges. At first there was only one, but folks kept coming. Now there's just a cluster of towers and lots of farm lands below that.”
“And you say you bury the fallen?” Eli asked.
“Yes. We have a special piece of land down below. Off to the side of our living space a bit. A few people in New Boston study history and that seemed to be way of the past.” Claire admitted.
“Hey Hughes!” Eli shouted.
“What?” the pilfering brute asked from afar.
“We've got to bury them.”
“What?” Hughes asked again.
“We have to bury these people.”
“You're fucking kidding me? That would take all afternoon.”
“Should be a shovel in my pack,” Eli replied. “You start on it and I'll take over in a bit.” he added, smiling back to Claire.
“Ah, mother fucker,” Hughes grumbled loudly. “This is bullshit!”
“You really don't have to do-” Claire began to say.
“Yes we do. If we're going to take boots and supplies from these folks, the least we can do is respect their way of doing things.”
“Thank you. I appreciate that.” Claire replied.
Eli nodded. Growing fonder of the woman by the moment.
“So, Jacento?” Claire asked.
“It's nothing like you're used to, I'm sure,” Eli replied. “No seven towers connected by bridges and nothing as luxurious as New Boston, I'm afraid, but it's home. We have our own historian. Well, he actually moonlights as an inventor and about a half-dozen other things. I'm pretty sure if he found a barber's chair he'd start cutting hair a few days a week.”
“I see.” Claire replied.
“Jacento is not a large place, mind you, but the people are good people. I think you'll enjoy your time there. However long that might be?” Eli asked.
“I honestly have no idea. Up until just a couple of hours ago I figured I was as good as dead. Haven't really thought it through much. Honestly, I guess I'm just glad to be alive and glad that another place is willing to hold me up for a day or two.” Claire replied.
“So a day or two?” Eli asked with a chuckle.
“I honestly don't know,” Claire said with a flirting voice, pushing Eli just a bit. “Why do you ask?”
“Yea, and I don't know why either?” Hughes asked loudly, approaching the two playful ones of the group. “These fuckers ain't going anywhere to begin with and this soil isn't easy to dig up, seeing as how it's cold outside. Here, it's your turn.” Hughes added, gladly holding the small shovel out.
“My turn? Man you've dug for like five minutes solid, and that's rounding it up.” Eli complained.
“Well good. You go dig for five and get back to me.” Hughes replied.
Shit. Eli thought of his partner's timing.
“That's right big boy. Claire wants to sit with a real man, now that she knows what a real man looks like.” Hugh announced.
“Yea,” Claire scoffed. “That must be it.”

As predicted, the entire afternoon was invested in burying those who'd perished during the airship's crash. Hughes had considered it a complete waste, of course, but Eli knew different. He'd spent a great deal of time getting to know the woman who quickly began grabbing at his heart.
“Well, that's the last of 'em. Let's eat.” Hughes announced.
He was caked with sweat and a bit of grime from the dirty task of burying the dead. Not that it would intrude on his dinnertime.
“We have about twenty minutes of light left, give or take,” Eli replied. “Let's use it to move our can lines a few yards out, so we can tuck into the tree line. I don't like the idea of sitting out here in the open.”
“Makes sense.” Hughes replied.
“I'll move 'em if you stay here with Claire?”
“You got it, buddy.” Hughes said, damn sure willing to stay close to the attractive woman of solid manners.
“Thank you for taking care of all of this.” Claire said.
“Wasn't a problem,” Eli replied. “Maybe you can thank me over dinner once we get back to Jacento?”
“Maybe.” Claire replied with a grin.
Thank him? I did all the fucking digging! Hughes thought with envy.

The group had eaten a nice dinner by campfire standards, after which they had exchanged stories of their hometowns and gotten to know each other a bit further. Finally deciding to call it a night.
“Shh.” Eli said with a whisper, holding his hand over Claire's mouth later that night. “When I move my hand I need you to be quiet. Can you do that?”
Claire replied by nodding.
As Eli slowly moved his hand away from her mouth, he once again cautioned the woman by holding a finger to his lips. Hughes was nearby, resting behind a tree with a rifle at the ready as a rattling took to the air something fierce. Their can lines had alarmed them of something big. Much larger than a stray Zombie.
Eli had opted to camp with no fire going following dinner, out of fear that it would draw too much attention. Doing so during dinner was pushing it, but a night fire near the crash site could have been overkill. And his move was a wise one.
Laying behind a large bush inside of the thick of trees, Eli and Claire both watched for several moments. Wondering what could possibly be in their area.
Movement was the first thing to trigger Eli's attention. Followed by the glimmer of moonlight against shiny metal. Showing them all a horrific sight.
Whatever it was, stood nearly eight feet in height and was encased in solid brass. A large round helmet and clicking breaths. It had lighting as well, by way of small shoulder mounts. Not bright enough to give the hidden group way, but enough to make Eli and his friends fearful of being found.
They watched as the heavy piece of machinery, or monster, whatever the case was, took its time. Dragging the can line across the ground with each frightening step. Heavy metal digging into the soil a bit. Eli painted its image into the halls of his own memory bank. Having never seen the creature before.
It seemed to skim the area while looking over the area of airship wreckage with a bit more conviction. Finally leaving the area without taking anything and leaving Eli, Claire and Hughes wondering.

The next morning was much more silent than the night before. Hughes stood guard with a rifle still in hand. Fearful that the creature would return. Meanwhile, Eli sat quietly and used a charcoal pencil and paper to sketch out what he'd seen the night before.
“That's amazing.” Claire said of the drawing.
“Oh this?” Eli asked. “Thanks. It's just kind of something I do in my spare time. 'Ya know? It helps pass the time and I'm hoping it actually helps our friend back in Jacento tell us what in the hell that thing was.”
“So we'll be leaving out soon?” Claire asked.
“Yea, I just need a couple of minutes here and then I'll make sure Hughes has everything else in-”
“Oh, I'm ready. Don't worry about that,” the larger man admitted. “I've got all the supplies packed and am waiting on the words.”
He was taking no chances when it came to the beast of heavy metals returning to their camp site. Missing Jacento something fierce.
“Well then,” Eli said with a laugh. “I suppose it's safe to say that the pressure is on my drawing hand.”
“You can handle the pressure. I'm sure of it,” Claire replied. “I think you have very wonderful hands.”
“Thanks,” Eli replied. “I think?”
“Look up.” Hughes said.
As Eli and Claire joined him in looking to the sky, a very elegant airship drifted by at high altitude. Its large features barely distinguishable.
“Glass and aged wood trimmed in copper,” Hughes said as he watched the airship through a binocular scope of nearly the same materials. “Commercial ship.”
“Has to be.” Eli said, backing up the claim.
“You guys can tell what's aboard just by its materials?” Claire asked. Amazed at their ability to do so.
“Yea,” Eli replied. “When you're out here in the thick of it, you learn the important things real quick. A single-colored airship with any type of steel, that's likely a military ship of some sort. Galleons of fine wood and glass are usually the kind that haul folks around. Folks of importance.”
“Folks like me.” Claire said.
“Yea, exactly.” Eli replied with a grin.
“It's funny, I don't really feel so important right now to be honest. Having nearly died in a crash, only to be left in a lock box and frightened by some strange creature last night.” Claire admitted.
“Welcome to our world.” Eli said.
“Except for the airship part. I don't do that shit.” Hughes added.
“And I'll admit,” Claire said. “I've always heard of people who do what you do. But I never thought I'd be out here in the middle of it all. Especially with my life hanging in the balance and under the protection of two such men. No offense.”
“None taken,” Hughes replied with a nod. “Everybody has to be something, right? We may just be common folks with a knack for adventure, but we're damn good at what we do. There's a magic in that that's hard to explain.”
“Now I'll drink to that,” Claire said with a grin, sipping from a steel cup and seeming pleased. “Good coffee.”
“Now see,” Hughes replied, pointing his finger. “I like this girl.”
“Well, sketch complete,” Eli said. “Best if we get moving.”
He never officially replied to Hughes' statement, but he certainly felt the same way. He'd very much fallen for the girl.
“Little lady, you just stay close. We know the way back, but we're overly cautious. You stay close and you'll be in Jacento in time for dinner.” Hughes said.
“Schmoozing with other important folks and forgetting about us.” Eli added with a grin, though he truly thought it would be so.
“I would never forget about you,” Claire replied. “Either one of you.”
“The feeling's mutual.” Eli said, slinging his pack onto his back and heading out. Giving Claire a moment to think about that.
Secretly praying she didn't forget him.

Nothing is worse than nearing the end of a journey home, only to hit a snag when you're within sight.
“Well, I didn't see this coming.” Eli said.
“Ah shit!” Hughes replied.
They had escorted Claire to the mountaintop that stood nearly level with Jacento. A zip line nearly two-hundred yards away. Their problem was the presence of nearly a dozen Zombies staggering in the clearing which separated them from the zip.
“I'll have to draw them away from you guys while you zip line down. It's the only way.” Eli said.
“What?” Claire asked. “I've never tried one of those things in my life. I haven't even seen one until now.” she admitted.
Laughing a bit, Hughes began shaking his head.
“This shit just keeps getting better and better.”
“Look,” Eli said. “I'll draw them off long enough for Hughes to bolt my device down for you. He'll bolt it down good and tight, so don't worry. Then, you'll have to jump for it. That's it. There's no getting around it.”
“But I don't like heights!” Claire blasted. “What if it's not attached right, I mean we'll be rushing as it is?”
“Girl, I could screw it just right in my sleep,” Hughes replied. “Well, you know what I mean.”
His statement would have been hilarious under any other circumstance, but Claire wasn't stopping to laugh. She was frightened out of her mind.
“Just over that ridge is a clearing. Unlike New Boston, ours is filled with a rather large horde. It's like a moat.” Eli said.
“Yea, a fucking moat of body stink and fucked up teeth,” Hughes added with disgrace. “But it's our rose garden, if you will?”
“Anyway,” Eli said, casting a stare to his friend. “We can't enter Jacento on foot. There are only two ways in. We zip in or we come in by airship. That's it. We don't have an airship and we can't stand here all day debating it. We have to zip line in. I've done it a hundred times over, trust me, you'll be fine.”
“Are they safe?” Claire asked of the attachment.
“Plenty strong enough to hold you and ten more. You'll hold on tight and jump. Gravity will do the rest for you. It will likely scare you, I won't lie about that, but just hold on. No matter what. Ten seconds later you'll be in the walls of Jacento and we'll be coming in right behind you.” Eli said with a smile.
“OK.”
“How the fuck do you plan on getting down?” Hughes asked.
“How do you think?” Eli asked.
“It's going to eventually come back to bite you in the ass. You do know that, right?” Hughes warned.
“What?” Claire asked. “Am I missing something?”
“Na,” Hughes replied. “Just a couple of guys getting ready to be Zombie Cowboys. You ready?”
“As ready as I'll ever be.” Eli replied.
Stepping from the tree line to become visible, Eli removed his jacket. Holding it in a single hand and exposing a tight t-shirt.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” he said loudly enough to attract the attention of every Zombie. “Welcome to the gun show.”
“You have got to be kidding me?” Claire said as she remain hidden with Hughes in the nearby brush.
“Afraid not. He does this kind of shit all the time.” Hughes replied.
“That's right, folks,” Eli said loudly. “Someone call the doctor, because these puppies are sick.” he added, flexing both biceps muscles.
“That's our cue.” Hughes said, easing out of the brush and beginning to attach the first zip line attachment to the steel cable which led into Jacento.
“How's he-” Claire asked.
“You don't want to know.” Hughes replied.
“God. I cannot believe I'm doing this.” Claire said, gripping the handlebars tight and beginning to second guess.
“Just hold on real tight. OK? Think about something else and count to five.” Hughes said with confidence. Pushing her from the cliff on the number two.
The prim and proper lady belted out a blood-curdling yell that attracted every single Zombie for nearly a mile.
“Show's over folks, gotta run.” Eli said, pulling his six-pounder and firing a single shot. Holstering it quickly and grabbing his jacket with both hands. Preparing to do the unthinkable among sane minds.
“Go!” Eli yelled.
“Give me time to screw it in, damn!” Hughes lashed out. Finally confirming the zip line attachment was snug.
There has to be a better way. Hughes thought, finally jumping with his friend Eli only a couple of steps behind. Draping his jacket over the cable and using it as a set of thick cloth handlebars.
Following the yelling woman down over a valley of undead and into Jacento.








Chapter 2
The Brute Suit


“Well hello there,” a well-dressed man said, smiling wide. “Normally when Eli and Hughes return, they bring back chicken soup. Perhaps a pair of boots. I must admit, a woman as beautiful as yourself is a very welcomed change.”
She immediately found herself surrounded by buildings. There was nothing towering about them, the largest only a few stories high, but there were plenty enough to support a population of several hundred. Just as Eli had claimed.
“Thank you.” Claire replied with a smile. Using the man's helping hand to stand to her feet. Safely in Jacento.
“We got boots!” Hughes growled.
“Can you get off of me?” Eli asked, trying to get from beneath Hughes, who, during the zip, had tumbled onto him.
“Ought to teach you to quit that superhero shit.” Hughes replied, slowly moving his much larger frame off of Eli.
“I trust these two men took good enough care of you?” the man asked. “I would hate to think that a single hair was split on a head that's so beautiful.”
“Yes.” Claire replied.
“Claire,” Eli said. “Mayor Thompson.”
“Pardon me, where are my manners?” the mayor asked. “Mayor Jarred Thompson at your service.”
“Claire Thurston.” she replied with a warm smile.
“That's doctor Thurston to you.” Hughes added.
“A doctor?” Mayor Thompson asked. “All of this beauty and a mind to go with it?” he added in a flirting manner.
“We brought some boots but from the sound of all of this bullshit, we're going to need them ourselves.” Hughes said, a bit under his breath.
“Tell me about it.” Eli replied, his stare remaining on Claire. “I mentioned her great looks and brains first. Didn't I mention that?”
“You sure did, brother.” Hughes replied.
“Well then, doctor. If you'll follow me, I'd be glad to show you around Jacento and help get you settled in.” Mayor Thompson said.
“I was hoping to remain with these two for a bit. At least until I become familiar with the city. They did save my life.” Claire replied.
“You should have plenty of time with both of these men. There are very important members of our society who would like to speak with you at once, I'm sure. You'll be perfectly safe with me. But a woman in your profession is very much in demand here.” the mayor insisted. Finding himself intoxicated by her beauty.
Turning to Eli, Claire seemed unsure. “Will I see you again soon?”
“More than likely,” Eli replied. “It's a small town.”
“Oh,” Claire said with a bit of surprise. “OK.”
She didn't want to leave his sight. But worried that her mounting feelings for him would become too obvious.
“Take care of yourself.” Eli added.
“She'll be just fine. She's in good hands.” the mayor said with a smile.
“I'll tell you one thing,” Hughes said as the mayor and Claire walked away. “Mayor or no mayor, I'd like to knock that son of a bitch into next week.”
“Then why don't you?” Eli asked.
“Because I hear a frothy beer calling my name.” Hughes replied.
“Just as I suspected.” Eli replied with a grin.
“You coming?”
“Not yet,” Eli replied. “I'm going to stop in and see Daniel first. I need to get this sketch into his hands as soon as possible.”
“Always working.” Hughes said with a nod of his head.
“Business before pleasure, right?”
“Whoever came up with that line of bullshit was a sick individual. Besides, I'll be working the tables at the Trojan Horse.” Hughes replied.
“I'll be along shortly. Save me some beer.” Eli said, giving his larger friend a swift pat on the back.
Hughes was on a mission, as were most of the men in Jacento. The Trojan Horse was the town's finest pub. In fact, it was the town's only pub. They served damn good food, ice cold beer and one hell of a good time. It was the type of place where you could wear your cowboy boots to with no worries, but you tended to shine them up a bit beforehand.
For Zombie Cowboys within Jacento, or even those just passing through, the Trojan Horse was a meeting place of sorts. Many of society's most fabled groups of adventurers had gotten started at one of its tables. It was like a singles bar for thrill-seekers.
During the daylight hours, the Trojan gave family types a place to retreat to for some good, clean fun. As the sun retired for the evening, the hell-raisers came out in full force. The beer flowed like a river, as did the lies. Adventurers exchanged information, weaponry and even fists, if the need arose. Which, it usually did.
The Trojan Horse was a sanctuary for people who lived by the seat of their britches. Smoke filled the tavern just as thick as gambling did. It gave each of them something to look forward to when they were outside of Jacento – right in the thick of things. Busting the flimsy skulls of undead minions and sleeping beneath a canvas of stars on the tough soil of the cold, hard tundra. Zombie Cowboys loved what they did for a living. Every damn second of it.

“Interesting.” Daniel said.
He didn't look like the typical inventor type. No reading glasses or head of messy hair, and certainly no lab coat. Daniel's hair was shaved down close, with a beard and braided ponytail of equally long lengths. Tattoos and reading were both high on his list, making for a unique and intelligent individual. He was talked about among adventurers throughout many cities, not just Jacento, for his weaponry and armor making skills were unmatched. If the power to invent was a magic, he was a true magician.
“What is it?” Eli asked. Watching Daniel look over his sketch.
“It's interesting.” Daniel replied with a grin.
“Yea. I got that part.” Eli said with a laugh. Having known Daniel long enough to react well to his quick wit.
“It's very similar to something I read a very long time ago,” Daniel said, laying the sketch down and picking up books from a stack behind him. Skimming them over quickly.
“So you're familiar?”
“Not entirely. I mean, I've never physically seen one, but,” Daniel replied, stopping on a particular page. “Here it is.”
“A diving suit?” Eli asked.
“Indeed.”
“What in the hell would someone need with a diving suit on land?” Eli asked with curiosity in his voice.
“I can only speculate,” Daniel replied. “It looks like a brass diving suit, which would certainly protect the person wearing it from biters. I've also heard a bit of chatter about a device called a brute suit. Could be the same thing.”
“Still isn't making sense to me.” Eli admitted.
“Hard to say for sure. Perhaps the person inside of the diving suit saw the airship go down. Maybe they were after any goodies that were aboard, same as you.”
“It's possible.” Eli said.
“Imagine a Zombie Cowboy that preferred a suit of shiny copper, rather than the average tattered shirt and hoodie. Wouldn't that be something?” Daniel asked, laughing a bit as he studied the suit's information.
“Wouldn't it though?” Eli replied, glancing down to his own well-used shirt and hoodie. Understanding he was the heel of a joke.
“It's a shame, too,” Daniel said. “If we had one of these and enough materials lying around, I could certainly build more. It'd make it very easy to clean up the mess below and begin living on solid ground. Just like they do in larger cities.”
“You could do that?” Eli asked.
“I can do anything,” Daniel replied. “Except for nailing down a date with any decent woman, it seems. But yes, given enough time and materials, I could certainly replicate the brute suit. Perhaps even make it better, so that our soldiers could use it to patrol.”
“Hmm.” Eli said.
“What?” Daniel asked.
“I may just be able to get hold of the suit.”
“You can't be serious?” Daniel asked.
“Well, if what you say is true, there's no way in hell a person was just travelling in the suit. It's far too heavy. Means they had to put it on after seeing the airship go down. They have to be staying near the crash site, right?”
“Yes. But anyone with their hands on such a suit most likely took it by force. You may not be dealing with a single person here. I've also heard chatter of groups in this area becoming militarized for all of the wrong reasons. If you're dealing with such a group-”
“Then we need to know. Either way, it makes sense to go and find out. Jacento needs this kind of technology and information.” Eli replied.
“I suppose. As long as you're careful.”
“Then make a spot for it. Because I'm coming back with that damn brute suit if at all possible.”
“And Hughes? Is he going to be OK with this?” Daniel asked.
“He'll be in love with the idea.”

“Are you fucking crazy?” Hughes asked loudly. Upset with the mere idea. “I don't want any part of this shit!”
“Sure you do.” Eli said.
“I do?”
“Yes. Think about it. If we got our hands on this brute suit and got it back here, Daniel could develop more of them.”
“He could?” Hughes asked.
“Yes. Then our people could go down there and kill the biters below us. All quiet like. It would allow us to begin living on real ground. You might even be able to build a house down there. I know you want that.”
“I do?” Hughes asked.
“Of course you do.” Eli replied with a slap on the shoulder.
“Hell yea, of course I do.”
“You do?” Eli asked.
“Do you know how many skirts I could pull with my own house?”
“You could?” Eli asked.
“Hell yea. Trust me, you want your own house too.”
“I do?” Eli asked.
“For sure. I guess it's settled.” Hughes said.
“I guess it's settled.” Eli added.
Both men drinking beer and feeling mighty confident. And neither of them having a damn clue as to what it meant in the long run.

“There she is.” Eli said.
“Who?” Hughes asked, half-drunken.
Eli had watched Claire enter the Trojan Horse, under escort from every well-to-do bachelor in Jacento. The mayor, his most-trusted friends and even Clinton, Jacento's security adviser. Eli's eyes continued to stay focused on the beautiful woman, long after she'd been seated. Her stunning white dress well worth the effort.
“May as well give it up now.” Hughes said.
“Oh yea?” Eli asked. “Why's that?”
“A woman like that doesn't mix well with guys like us. Upscale women don't chase after cowboys.”
“That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard,” Eli remarked. “You know damn good and well that women chase after cowboys. We're the bad boys of society.”
“If eating beans from a can, sleeping with one eye open in the freezing ass cold and neglecting to bathe for days on end are the guidelines,” Hughes confirmed. “Then yea, we're some real bad boys.”
“She's completely into me.” Eli said.
“Well then, why do you think she's sitting over there with the high end of society, rather than over here with us? Answer that one?”
“I don't know.” Eli replied.
“I do,” Hughes said firmly. “It's because that's her entourage. Those are the types of people Claire's used to rubbing elbows with. Not guys like us. And don't be insulted by that, hell, there are plenty of lookers on this side of the fence. Girls who hold a special place for the Zombie Cowboys of society.”
“Don't you ever want to be more than that?” Eli asked.
“Not really, no.”
“I mean, don't you want to do something else. Something more important to the grand scheme of things?”
“No. You hard of hearing?” Hughes replied. “And you'd be best to forget about Claire before you're in too deep.”
“How's that?” Eli asked loudly. Not appreciative of the fact that his own personal dreams were being called into question.
“Because she's like the rest of them. They look down on the job we do, but what we do...it matters.” Hughes replied.
“It matters?” Eli asked with sarcasm. “We're not exactly changing the world out there you know?”
“Sure we are,” Hughes said. “Every one of these boneyards out here that we come across and smack around is one less boneyard running around. When you see one of these things stumbling around, you see people, right?” Hughes asked.
“Yes.” Eli replied.
“I don't. I see the people we're saving by dusting the half-dead son of a bitch. That's where you and me, we're different. You think Claire's fantastic because she has the ability to save lives, and, you know what? She is. But so are you. Because every single time we go out there and lay it on the line, we're killing countless murdering bags of bones. And that's saving lives too. We just never get a chance to meet the folks we're saving.”
“So you're saying we're doctors?” Eli asked with a grin.
“I prefer the term surgeon,” Hughes replied with a grin of his own. “Doctors think they know every fucking thing. Surgeons get in, do what needs to be done, get the fuck out and then they're off to enjoy their lives.”
“It actually makes sense, I guess.” Eli said.
“Of course it does son, look here,” Hughes replied, motioning several women over to their table. “This one here's April and this is Paula. Now these fine young women appreciate the kind of work us Cowboys do,” Hughes added with a grin, ushering Paula over to Eli as well. “Ya'll are both sitting over there tonight. I've got too much drinking going on and that man needs a lot of company.”
Eli found himself laughing. A much-needed break from the stress of everyday happenings around Jacento. If nothing else, it covered his true feelings. Masking them for a bit.

“Still feeling grateful to Eli, I see?” Mayor Thompson asked.
“I guess it's just the idea that they go out there into the world that was. I don't see how anyone could do that in the face of such danger?” Claire replied as she watched two beautiful, though well-used, women snuggling up to Eli.
“They're actually headed back out at first sunlight,” the mayor said. “Some goose chase over a suit. I don't know. Sometimes I think they enjoy being out there in the filthy world that was, if you ask me.”
Several of the men sitting with the mayor began bellowing out in laughter. Joined by the mayor himself, as Claire continued to stare at Eli. Finally making eye contact. Ignoring the laughter of men who'd never fought to survive.

As they looked at one another for several long moments, Eli grew uncomfortable with his surroundings.
“I think I'm going to head out to get some cold air,” Eli said. “Alone, if you ladies don't mind?”
“Ah hell, this party was just getting started.” Hughes said.
“I know, I'm just not feeling the whole party scene tonight,” Eli replied. “Some other time maybe?”
“Yea,” Hughes said. “Well at least get on back and get some damn sleep. We'll be knee-deep in it come tomorrow morning.”
“Will do.” Eli replied.
As he stood to his feet, both April and Paula migrated over to Hughes' side of the table. Knowing from past experience, that he was certainly a man up for the challenge. Even if he did reek of cigar smoke and hurtful beer.
As Eli passed every table, he nodded to Claire. A gesture of hello, if nothing else. She quickly returned the nod, adding a smile and finding herself tired of the conversation bouncing around her.
“If you gentlemen would please excuse me.” Claire said, standing to her feet and nodding to each of them.
“Miss Thurston, we had hoped to hear of the stories of New Boston?” Mayor Thompson questioned.
“And you shall,” Claire replied politely. “They'll be here tomorrow.”
“Have a fine night.” the mayor said.
Claire nodded politely to everyone and turned to exit the Trojan Horse. Hoping Eli hadn't made it too far.

“Wait!” Claire shouted, doing her best to catch up to Eli as she quickly closed the gap of nearly two-hundred yards.
“Careful,” Eli replied. “You don't want your pompous friends to see you slumming it by speaking to me.”
“What?” Claire asked with a bit of resentment. “And you weren't busy over there with two women of your own?”
“Not my doing.” Eli confirmed.
“Either way,” Claire said. “I didn't rush over here to have my personal life put on trial. I came over here to stop you from doing something incredibly stupid. You're going to end up getting yourself killed.”
“Oh yea, how's that? By getting a good night's sleep?”
“You know good and well what I'm talking about, Eli,” Claire said sternly. “I'm talking about you going off and getting yourself killed over some suit!”
“Oh yea, that.”
“Oh yea? That's your only comeback?”
“My only comeback?” Eli asked. “You don't want to hear what I have to say, Miss Thurston. So I strongly suggest you head back inside with your friends. Let's finish this conversation some other time, when I'm not spilling over with truth.”
“No,” Claire shouted, grabbing Eli by the wrist. “I want to hear it.”
“Fine.” Eli said loudly.
“Fine.” she replied.
“You're so Goddamn worried about me trekking off in the morning to get killed, but I'd rather take the chance and live the life I want, as opposed to staying here and living like some kind of prisoner. Trapped inside of a jail cell of fake pleasantries and small talk!”
“What are you even talking about?” Claire questioned.
“You can drop the act. I've already spent enough time with you to know who you are. This mask you wear in public, it's not really my business.”
“You're right, it's not.” Claire defended.
“But when you chase me down from a couple hundred yards back and leave a table filled with Jacento's most-available bachelors to do it, I have to ask why? Because then it becomes by business.” Eli asked.
Claire didn't respond. She chose to remain silent and do everything she could to stave off a flood of tears.
“Now I'm going to give you some advice. You don't have to take it, obviously, but I would really appreciate it if you just listened and gave it some thought?”
“OK.” Claire managed to say.
“Your friends in there, they believe my job is insignificant. I'll leave out in the morning, Hughes by my side, and the mayor and plenty of folks just like him won't care if I ever make it back. As long as they have their fine suits and fancy words, they'll manage just fine. They look at me and see a knuckle-dragger. But I look at them and I feel pity. Because nobody at that table sees the world and its beauty quite like I do. I get to see different landscapes each time I go out. They live in a sheltered city, while I get to experience the world as it is, even the world as it used to be. Right now, it's not all good. There is some really nasty stuff out there. But folks like the mayor, they live in fear. And that's no way to live. By taking the chances I do, I get to see some of the most amazing things. Vivid orange sunsets that look like they're painted onto a canvas. I get to sleep beneath the stars and I get to meet some of the most incredible people. Folks who truly appreciate what I do.”
“I understand.” Claire admitted.
“Jacento has two classes of people. Not because it should be that way, but because that's how it is. That's how folks like the mayor have made things. Those social vampires are going to do what they can to make you one of them. And if you decide to go down that road, it's your business. But one of the most incredible things I've ever discovered while risking my own ass beyond these walls – is you. I've grown really fond of you in a very short amount of time. When I look at you, I just can't find the words. And worse, I have no idea what that even means. But if you become one of them,” Eli said, pointing back to the Trojan Horse and Jacento's mayor. “To me, that's a worse fate then being left in that box to die. Because a life spent unhappy is the worst fate I can possibly think of.”
“You should have been a therapist.” Claire said with a smile.
“Why's th-”
His words were interrupted by a single kiss. An exchange of lips that sent Eli's emotions running wild. 
As the Zombie Cowboy watched Claire walk back to the Trojan Horse slowly, they both began to think long and hard about their futures.





Chapter 3
Daybreak


Daybreak means many different things to many different folks. For some, it's the start of a brand new day. For others, a prison sentence extended.
For Eli and Hughes, daybreak meant the start of a wide-open adventure. One in which their lives would be on the line. That type of disclaimer had a way of putting a stamp of significance on things.
“Fucking bullshit. That's what this is.” Hughes grumbled.
“I thought you were OK with the trip? Especially if it leads to getting a house somewhere down below?” Eli asked.
“Oh, I'm OK with the trip. It's this damn ziplining that I have a problem with. It's getting ridiculous.”
“I see,” Eli replied, understanding that his large friend had never been one for dangling at fatal heights from the security of a single steel rope. “Well, if it helps anything, just think about cleaning this mess up. It'll take some time, but it will also mean we'll never have to zipline again.”
“You hear that, you mangle-toothed bastards? Your time here is almost up!” Hughes shouted down to the infectious horde several stories below. Each of them wishing he'd misstep and fall to them, in some primitive fashion. They were considered elders among the ranks of the undead. Most had been here since the infection originally began running its course long ago, making for some very hungry beasts.
As the biters went, a well-fed one was a mighty strong one. Usually the alpha male of its area. But as starvation set it, the biters lost most of what had made them fearsome. Becoming nothing more than a bag of bones covered in leather skin. They never officially died from starvation, mind you, but they wasted away to the brink of it. Making them a hell of a lot easier to put down. While the stronger alpha males were fearsomely strong and intelligent, even going as far as to lay traps of their own – the average biter was weak and frail, with no ability to think beyond their only concern. To feed the hunger.
“Let's go be cowboys.” Eli said.
“Man, we seriously have to stop saying that,” Hughes replied. “And once we get going, you need to fess up. You're smiling a whole lot more than usual.”
He'd known his good friend Eli long enough to know that his smile was hiding something much larger. Though it would have to wait until they scrawled across the sky of pure blue, like two raging lunatics.
“I am?” Eli asked, dusting himself off with a brushing of sarcastic hands, turning to look directly up the main street of Jacento. Smiling at Claire and wondering what fate had in store for their growing feelings?

The horde below did as it always did. Mindless Zombies looking skyward for a moment, though none of them gave chase. Over time they had learned that Hughes and Eli were moving away from them too fast. Loud curse words to boot. It's almost as if the Zombies had accepted the two men coming and going as part of their own routine. Obscenities being yelled from the nervous lungs of Hughes seemed to comfort the horde a bit. Their own personal version of the morning coffee.
“What's wrong?” Eli asked as his feet touched ground atop the nearest mountaintop.
“Twisted my fucking ankle as I came in.” Hughes growled. Pissed off at the thought of having to zipline around the horde at Jacento's doorstep.
“Then we should go back and-”
“I ain't going back until I have that fucking brute suit in hand,” Hugh replied sharply. “Twisted my ankle, but it ain't broken. I'm in plenty good enough shape to play whack-a-mole with these cheeky bastards.”
“It may not be them we have to worry about.” Eli admitted.
Thinking of the copper suit they'd seen not so long ago, and wondering how a person came to own one. The smart money was on the fact that the person in question was part of a much larger group. Perhaps even militarized. Either of the two scared Eli just a bit. Especially now that he had something to live for in the big, beautiful eyes of Claire Thurston. He'd count on his experience to carry him through.
He just hoped Claire felt the same way.

“So, what I propose is,” Daniel said. His lengthy goatee nearly touching his waistline as a small group of Jacento's most-important had gathered. “Should Eli and Hughes return with the suit? In just a few weeks' time, given the right supplies, I could construct several more. Allowing us to cleanse our doorstep and begin building below.”
“I think you've gone mad!” Clinton Banks boasted.
He'd long been the man in charge of Jacento's security and hadn't exactly bought into Daniel's proposition.
“Perhaps,” Daniel replied. “Or perhaps I know how to do my job. In which case, I'm opening the possibility of living on actual ground. Instead of secluding away up here atop a concrete slab and living in fear.”
“Tell me, doctor?” Clinton asked. “Even if we were able to secure the ground below, how could we keep it secure? Who's to say that another, larger horde wouldn't just roam into the area and put an end to us?”
“I would tell you if my job entailed it. But it does not. I'm here to create the technology we need and you are here to implement it in a way that best serves our people. Unless, of course, you'd care to swap jobs.”
“Enough!” Mayor Thompson said, putting an end to the squabbling. “There's no guarantee that Eli and his cohort will even show back up with a suit. They could just as easily die out there and we'd be none the wiser.”
“That's precisely what we said about the time they found the settlement of United Harbor. And yet they returned, opening up a very promising route for trading. We also said the same when Eli and Hughes returned with crates of weaponry, books vital to building and so forth.” Daniel replied.
“Make your point, doctor.” the mayor said firmly.
“That perhaps we have a bad habit of underestimating the abilities of these two men. And worse, we fail to appreciate what they do to help us.”
“If,” the mayor said sharply. “And I do mean IF they return with this so-called brute suit, and IF you are able to replicate the technology, then yes, you have my go ahead when it comes to clearing the land down below. But you will do so knowing that I have no intentions of sending folks down below. If they choose to go, so be it. But they will not be forced into anything. Is that clear?”
“Crystal.” Daniel replied.
“Good,” the mayor said with a breath of relief. “Now I suppose it's a matter of waiting to see if our two young risk-takers return.”
“Ten to one says whoever own the suit cuts them down,” Clinton said. “Besides, Hughes hasn't seen young in nearly a decade.”
As the group began to laugh, Daniel remained silent. It was the absolute best way to deal with fools.

“Step right up, don't be shy.” Hughes said, using the force of his arms to swing the peacemaker with authority. Crushing into the head of a biter and dropping it to its miserable death. The filthy interior of its skull splashing across Eli's boot. Taking a moment to outstretch his arm a bit.
“Come on man,” Eli said. “Really?”
“Hey. I control the swing, but I don't control the fling.” Hughes replied with a smile. Grinning beneath unkempt whisker hairs.
“These were my good boots!”
“Don't really matter either way. I throw women your way, but you don't know the first thing about knocking the boots.” Hughes said with a laugh.
“I know a bit more than you give me credit for.” Eli replied.
“Oh yea?” Hughes asked as the two men began walking into the thick of trees. Using a map and their previous adventuring experience as a guide. “I threw two dames your way last night and you looked like a deer in bright lights. Two!”
“Neither one of them were my type, OK? Hell, you probably ended up taking one of them back to your bed and banging her out anyway.”
Hughes replied with a grin that Eli had seen before.
“Fuck sakes man, both of them?”
“Hey. I'm not going to look a gift horse in the mouth. Well, you know, two of them. If a woman throws it my way, I'm swinging at it.”
“If TWO women throw it your way, you mean?” Eli asked.
“Yea two, what? Do you think I'm ashamed?” Hughes asked. “I cowboy up when the job calls for it. I don't hide behind that.”
“Hardly,” Eli replied. “But if you keep slamming women, there won't be any left in Jacento for a guy like me. We've been over this.”
“Don't give me that crock of shit,” Hughes said, pausing to swing and decapitate a frail female Zombie that approached. “I saw you leave out last night with Claire nipping at your heels.”
“Yea, and?” Eli asked.
“What happened next?” Hughes asked.
“I don't kiss and tell, my friend.” Eli stated.
“I can promise you one thing. Wasn't a lot of kissing going on where I was at. But you, hell man, you don't even have to say anything. It's all over your face.” Hughes said, once again grinning ear to ear.
“We didn't sleep together, if that's what you're asking?” Eli confirmed, though he was very reluctant to say so.
“Fuck. Why the hell not?”
“Because, unlike these skanks hanging around the Trojan Horse back in Jacento, Claire doesn't worship the drop of a zipper. She's...I don't know, she's different. I'm sure you've figured that out by now?”
“Sure she is,” Hughes replied. “These women with their nose in the air, they just haven't met the right pelvic dragon yet. That's all.”
“Pelvic dragon? Seriously?” Eli asked.
“Or bearded dragon, depending on who you ask,” Hughes replied. “What's important is it's big, breathes a bit of flame and bites just hard enough.”
“Oh God man, no,” Eli said with disgust. “A bit too much information.”
Their conversation would continue, as would their walk toward the area where they'd seen the brute suit. Hughes boasting of the women he'd bedded down, as if they were a grocery list checked off. While Eli begged for anything but the details.

Daniel was a man about his business. From steam-powered gadgets to communication device prototypes, his laboratory was filled with inventions. Some of them working wonders, others, not so much.
“Come in.” he said, logging several bits of information into a leather-bound journal. Small glasses positioned comfortably onto his face.
“I didn't mean to bother you.” Claire replied, cautiously entering the lab. Her curiosity getting the best of her as hungry eyes skimmed the lab.
“No bother. I generally have folks in and out all day long. What can I do for you?” Daniel asked.
“Well, I'd like to talk to you about Eli.”
“Ah yes, the man of the hour.” Daniel replied.
“Excuse me?” she asked.
“His little voyage into the jaws of danger could prove very significant to Jacento. Although the mayor and his flock of fools believe otherwise. As they usually do.” Daniel said with complete truth.
“Well. I actually came in to ask you about him personally. I mean, Eli saved my life and I still don't know that much about him? I feel like I haven't thanked him with due dillegence, but wouldn't know where to begin?”
“Be his friend,” Daniel replied. “He could use a few of those.”
“Honestly, the only thing I'm sure of is that he's popular enough. Women seem to flock to the man.” Claire admitted.
“I'll have to check through my records,” Daniel said with a nod of his head. “Because we certainly can't be talking about the same Eli.”
“I've seen it with my own eyes.” Claire stated.
“Uh huh,” Daniel said. “And was his good friend with him?”
“Hughes? Yes, I think so.”
“To understand Eli, you must first understand the lust-driven company he keeps.” Daniel said.
“You mean Hughes?”
“I mean Hughes.” Daniel confirmed.
“Go on.”
“Hughes believes he's God's gift to women. Worse even, is that a lot of Jacento's women think the same. He's the man who sneaks into the ladies' room and writes his own very-generous loin size onto the wall and splits, just to bring the women his way. If you know what I'm saying?” Daniel asked.
Loin size?
“Oh,” Claire finally said. “Oh?”
“Hughes is a good man deep down, but he is certainly a very seasoned panty rustler.” Daniel said.
“I see.”
“Now, what you need to understand about Eli is that he's the opposite. He's the opposite of nearly everyone in Jacento. Kind of like myself. We live in the moment and question the structure we live in. Both admirable traits.”
“How so?” Claire asked.
“If you question nothing, nothing changes. And Eli has sacrificed a lot to take up that sort of life. In fact, he's royal to a point. His family name alone should see him ruling a city, possibly even Jacento.” Daniel said.
“Eli? Royalty?” Claire asked with shock.
“Yes ma'am. He should be rubbing elbows with the mayor and his pack of entertainment leeches, but Eli made it clear a long time ago, that he had no interest. The mayor holds a grudge for that reason. And the fact that he's royalty, well, let's just say that Eli doesn't exactly fit in with the everyday person either. Not by his own choice. It sort of pushes him into that little grey area between classes. The one I call home.”
“But he's not that well-spoken?” Claire questioned.
“That comes from laying his life on the line out there in the ruins of a world that once was. He meets a variety of folks out there, and it pays to speak a more common style. It helps him make friends, I suppose. But make no mistake about it, he's a thinker. I'd put him up against anyone in Jacento.”
“Thank you for that. I had no idea.”
“No worries, ma'am. Your interest in Eli is well-placed.”
“Interest?” Claire asked. “Oh no, I'm not interested. Just curious about the man, that's all. Nothing more.”
Daniel glanced up from a wooden box that was a bit larger than his hand. Its front covered with a dingy glass screen and several numbers.
“Exactly how much of an idiot do you think I am?” he asked.
“OK then,” Claire replied with a bit of embarrassment. “Just one last question and then I'll let you get back to it?”
“I'm all ears.” Daniel replied.
“This box you're working on. What is it?” she asked. “I must admit, the design of it looks very intriguing.”
“Why yes, the relay network,” Daniel replied. “My hope is to have this baby up and running within the coming months. It should allow folks within Jacento to communicate with each other by pressing in lettered messages. Little cube-shaped boxes that would connect the entire city and its people.”
“It'll never fly.” Claire said.
“Excuse me?” Daniel asked, looking up from his work.
“I just mean that it's too impersonal. Before you know it, people would be sending messages of laughter without actually laughing. I picture a world where folks stumble around with a cube and its screen in front of their face, pecking away at a tiny keyboard rather than appreciating the real world around them. I don't like it. It's too,” Claire said, searching for the best work. “It's too similar to the Zombies down below. We need to live to a higher standard.”
“I'll be damned. I never thought of it that way.” Daniel admitted.
“It's just an observation.”
“Well, feel free to stop by any time you'd like with more observations. I have a laboratory full of creations for you to destroy.” Daniel said with a smile.
“Will do. And I really appreciate you giving me the background information on Eli.” Claire replied.
“Oh, it was nothing. Any sane woman in Jacento could have told you that. A lot of them have been chasing him for years now.”
“Well then.” Claire said, nodding a bit and walking away.
“And you,” Daniel said, holding the box up face-level. “You simply won't do. A world filled with folks walking around, preoccupied with a screen rather than their own surroundings?” he asked, tossing the wooden box into a waste basket. “Our kids deserve better.” he added, tossing the cube into his scrap corner.

“How's the cheese?” Hughes asked.
Both men were sitting on a hefty tree that had fallen. Surrounded by thick forest, though their surroundings were visible enough to make it a good spot to rest.
“It tastes like cheese.” Eli replied with a questioning look.
“I just mean that you're eating it and smiling like a new father or something. I've ate the cheese. It ain't that fucking good.” Hughes said.
“Sorry,” Eli confessed. “I guess my mind is a million miles away in thought. Not exactly on the slab of dairy I'm eating.”
“Try about four miles away. Back in Jacento and up Claire's fine looking legs. Right into her-”
“I get it.” Eli said abruptly.
“You need to let that girl go.” Hughes said.
“What?”
“Look, I'm just saying this to be a friend. Either bag it or leave it behind. She's pulling you out of your zone and I need you to be here, not there.”
“I don't even know what that means?” Eli asked.
“It means concentrate on banging on the dead ones while you're out here, not the live ones back in Jacento with silky-smooth legs!” Hughes said. “Otherwise, we're going to end up knee-deep in it.”
“You just concentrate on eating those beans and let me worry about my own love life.” Eli said, pointing to the can of beans firmly gripped in Hughes' hand.
Daniel had developed a system of canning which allowed the men and cowboys just like them to carry food during longer trips. The beans and typical fruits seemed to work best, while the canning of meat didn't go as well as expected. Hughes still found himself coming back to that story every once in a while. Reminding Daniel he'd decided to use it as biter bait and the starved undead had even passed on it.
“Love?”
“You know what I mean.” Eli said.
Hughes put his hand up, silencing the conversation. His ears ripe for the listening as branches snapped around them a bit.
Easing his peacemaker to the ready, Hughes slowly turned to the area of noise. The rustling of leaves only a few yards off.
Preparing to swing, Hughes let out a huge cry. Realizing they'd stumbled upon an entire pack of Zombies, rather than just one.
“Oh shit!” Hughes yelled loudly. “Run!”
As the scent of cheese and beans filled the air around them, both men began sprinting elbow to asshole. Leaving no doubt as to their plan of escape. Find the path of least resistance and run that son of a bitch ragged.
“We got an alpha!” Eli yelled ahead. Wondering, as he always did, how the larger and more physical frame of Hughes could move so much quicker than his own. The man was a freak of nature, as well as a freak in the bedroom.
“Shoot it!” Hughes replied, refusing to look back.
Unholstering his six-pounder, Eli did his best to continue a full sprint while aiming the pistol that looked very similar to that of a high-seas pirate. As his shot missed, Eli realized how bleak the situation actually was.
The garden variety Zombie was slow. That was common knowledge. But the alpha was truly unique as it had adapted. The alphas were much faster and absolutely fiercer. Making them a very tough opponent to best. No one quite knew the reasoning behind the alphas adapting beyond the normal state of undead, but it had long been the focus of Daniel's research. Just as it was for nearly every scientist still living.
“Shit!” Hughes growled, realizing his friend had missed the shot. It meant stopping his own sprint and pulling his peacemaker to the ready.
“I missed.” Eli said as the alpha made it was within a dozen feet of the men. Its thin and rather muscular frame preparing for the fight to come. And, with any luck, feasting on both of the men.
“No shit.”
“We'll have to take it down together.” Eli said.
No shit. Hughes thought, opting to remain silent and focus on the fight to come. He understood its ability.
The alpha was bald, as most were. Eyes of fiery red and fangs that extended far below the normal lip-line. Rippling muscles throughout its body, though very athletic in build; it hissed for the coming conflict.
“Well, come on then,” Hughes shouted. “Come get you some.”
The alpha hesitated, however. Watching the two men worry for their own lives. It understood they were at a disadvantage.
“He's waiting for the horde to catch up. He knows we have a chance of winning this, but if the rest catch up, we're screwed.” Eli said.
One of the biggest advantages mankind had over its undead counterpart was the ability to reason. It's the same thing that made the alphas so damn deadly. Their ability to reason, countered our very own.
Pulling his six-pounder open, Eli quickly began to load it. The pounder was very unique in design, as its barrel opened from left to right. Allowing the shooter to snugly place a shot in, and then use a slight whipping motion to snap the pounder closed once more. Eli also quickly grabbed his buoy knife shortly after, just in case he missed a second time. Preparing to do what needed to be done.
“Do me a favor this time.” Hughes said.
“What's that?”
“Don't miss.”
“Always a comedian.” Eli said as he and Hughes began circling the rabid beast. Its scathing red eyes watching their every flinch of movement.
“Interrupt my dinner mother fucker,” Hughes said loudly. “Now you've got to die for that.” he added in taunting fashion.
As the alpha clawed its hands together and yelled wildly, it began to bleed. Compliments of Eli's six-pounder firing a shot that tore into its abdomen. A split-second later, Hughes had thrust his peacemaker down, striking the ailing beast directly in its face and knocking it to the ground. Followed by several of its teeth.
They were strong enough. But against two veteran Zombie Cowboys, a single alpha couldn't match them punch for punch. A tough lesson for the alpha to learn as it quickly found itself on the receiving end of a beat down.
Standing above the alpha, Hughes struck down onto it several more times. Assuring the creature's death.
“Um, Hughes.” Eli said, quickly loading his six-pounder once more.
“What?”
“We need to hurry.” Eli replied, zipping another shot and cutting a Zombie down. Though several dozen more came.
“Cost me a can of beans,” Hughes said, swinging on the next to arrive. Chopping it down with a brutal swing. “Always trying to bite me,” he added, swinging into the next. “About to piss me the fuck off.”
“We need to run.” Eli added, firing another shot.
“Lead the way.” Hughes replied, swinging as often as his tremendous arms would.
“We can keep going into the forest, but, from the look of things, there's a good chance that biters are as thick as thieves.”
“What's our other options?” Hughes asked.
Firing a blistering shot into the coming horde, Eli began looking around to their surroundings with panic.
“Got a zip nearby. About two-hundred yards.”
“Where does it go?” Hughes asked, his arms beginning to tire from the monotony of swinging into dead flesh.
“The canyons.”
“Oh fuck no.” Hughes said.
“Take your pick, but do it quick.” Eli warned.
As Eli fired a shot, Hughes scrambled his free hand back to his field pack. Unhooking the zipline attachment and pulling it to the ready. There was always something painful about rushing to do something you truly didn't want to.
“I'll do it, but I ain't happy,” Hughes barked. “No way to zip back. It's going to put us a long way from home.”
“Don't I know it?” Eli admitted, loading his six-pounder.
“Let's make like Sadie Harbrook's legs and split.” Hughes announced. Finding they were about to be overwhelmed.
“Yea,” Eli replied. “Don't you wish?”
And Hughes sure did. Sadie was the one girl who'd rejected every move he made onto her. Trading bullshit for bedroom time was a superpower to the man, but Sadie had seen through it like fishnet stockings. It galled him a bit.
Her name had become a joke outside of the walls of Jacento. Hughes would use it in vain, if he saw fit, and she was the brunt of many jokes. He may have openly cursed the word love, but deep down beneath the whiskers, cigar stench and tainted underwear, was a heart that did its beating for Sadie Harbrook. Though Hughes would never be man enough to openly admit it, he loved her with every ounce of his soul.

“Mind if I sit and buy you a drink?” a woman asked.
“No,” Claire replied. “Help yourself.”
She pointed out another chair and welcomed the blonde-haired woman to sit with her in the middle of lunch hour at the Trojan Horse. The tables often filled up quickly, and Claire saw much worse company standing in the chow line.
“Name's Sadie Harbrook.” the woman said with a polite nod.
“I'm-”
“I already know, honey. Everybody knows. You're the doctor that finally got Eli's attention.” Sadie said with a giggle.
“Excuse me?”
“Sweetie, nearly every woman in this place right now has, at some point and time, been head over heels for Eli. And every single one of them has had their hopes and dreams crushed by that man with those big, beautiful, puppy dog eyes of his. He's a cowboy, there's no doubt about that one.”
“Oh?” Claire asked.
“What are you drinking dear?” Sadie asked, motioning for a barkeep.
“Tea.”
“Long Island iced? Sour whiskey and tea?”
“No. Just tea.” Claire replied.
“OK,” Sadie said with a touch of surprise. “Let me get a glass of just tea for the lady,” she told the barkeep, turning back to the woman in front of her. “I can respect that.” Even if it did take her by surprise.
“Don't take this the wrong way or anything,” Claire said. “But, is there a reason for the surprise get together today?”
“Well, I figured I'd do you a favor. Everyone else seems to hate you, so I thought I'd come over and eat with you. You looked a might bit lonely.” Sadie replied, feeling a bit of pity for the new girl in town.
“Hates me?”
As Claire began looking around, she could see it on the faces of several women inside the Trojan Horse. The way they glanced at her. Some of them chattering as they glanced. Sadie was indeed correct, they didn't seem to be taking to Claire too kindly.
“Well, maybe hate is a strong word. They certainly dislike you. Envy you too, maybe,” Sadie said, looking around. “Then again, I think they hate you.”
“Because of Eli?”
“Because of your ability to charm Eli when they couldn't. Because you're well-spoken and well-educated.”
“That's not a nice way to be.” Claire insisted.
“Oh, I agree. But let's face it,” Sadie replied. “Society is filled with the lot. Folks who squander away their own potential to be great and then hate you for following through with it all.”
“I'm starting to like you.” Claire said with a wide smile as she laughed a bit as she continued to glance around the room.
“Well I'm glad to hear it,” Sadie replied with a smile of her own. “These witches looked at me the same way for a while when I first arrived.”
“You haven't lived here since birth?” Claire asked.
“Me? Heavens no,” Sadie replied. “I've lived here for the better part of five years now. I was taking an airship from a settlement near what used to be Los Angeles. A place called Sterling. A real shit hole.”
“Where were you headed?” Claire asked.
“Wasn't headed anywhere particular. The man I loved decided he wanted someone else, and, well, it was a small place. I couldn't get grips on the idea of seeing him with someone else, so I sold off everything I had, got on an airship and went looking for a brand new life. I found Jacento and it just stuck, I guess,” Sadie replied. “There's just something about this place, you know?”
“I suppose.”
“It grows on you.” Sadie added.
“Well, I'm sure you have men throwing themselves at you here. You're attractive enough and they outnumber us three to one, at least.” Claire said.
Even her keen eye could see that Sadie was a looker. Fine, capable curves trimming out a highly sought after woman inside the walls of Jacento.
“Yes ma'am, but there's only one man for me.”
“Let me guess? Eli?” Claire asked.
“Oh no, Eli's a good guy and all. Devilishly handsome too. But he's too much on the straight and narrow for my taste. Nope, it's that big, sexy lug of a man he travels with.” Sadie confessed with pride.
“Hughes?”
“Oh yea, he's the one.” Sadie replied.
“Does he know?” Claire asked.
“He doesn't have a clue,” Sadie replied. “In fact, he chases ME around. I bet he throws a pick-up line on me at least once a day.”
“Why don't you just let him know how you feel?”
“See dear, when it comes to men, sometimes it's best to make them wait a while. Give 'em enough to latch on to, and then enjoy the chase. Hughes likes to surround himself with other women, but I know what he really wants. He can order the tallest, coldest beer in the place and I know that I can walk past him and make him forget all about that beer. It's a gift I have.” Sadie admitted.
“You're a good woman.” Claire replied with a smile.
“I know that Hughes and I will eventually have our day. And when we do, it'll be fantastic. It'll certainly be worth the wait. So I make it public knowledge that I'm slightly interested, flirt a little, wear Hughes' favorite perfume and let him chase until his legs fall off. Not to be cruel, mind you, but just to make sure he really wants me before I commit. If he waits long enough for it, he'll never stray.”
“That's very smart.” Claire admitted, sipping from her glass of tea.
Thinking of her own feelings for Eli and strongly considering Sadie's way of doing things. All while admiring the freshness of a sweet glass of tea.
“Yea,” Sadie replied. “I think Hughes loves it.”

“I hate the shit, I'm telling you.” Hughes said as the two men hiked up the steep, rocky incline which led to an area known as the canyons.
“Well just come clean and tell Sadie how you feel.” Eli replied.
“I have!” Hughes scolded. “It's like she's kind of interested, but not really. You know what I'm saying?”
“Not really.” Eli answered, adding to his burly friend's pain.
“Ah, fuck it. It's not overly important right now anyway. Finding our way back out of the canyons is front and center.”
“Yea,” Eli said, turning back for a moment and looking at the zipline which had brought them in so quickly. “Isn't that the truth?”
As a last resort, the two men had bolted onto the line and jumped the cliffs of forest, knowing damn well it could be a one-way trip. While Jacento and cities like it had a two-way zipline system, allowing folks to enter or exit as they pleased, the rest of the line systems which speckled across the landscape of a very nasty world – they were one way trips. You mapped your journey out carefully or you did a lot of walking.
A network of zip systems which could be utilized to help make travel easier, under normal conditions. But with biters nipping at their ass cheeks? Eli and Hughes had to use a zip that normally ended badly for everyone. Stringing them along for nearly six miles. Their legs dangling like toys, while their lungs broadcast a deep fear. A fear of such enormous heights, breakneck speeds and the canyons as their destination.
The canyons were like a different world. No city built high atop a stone tower, not even close. The canyons were essentially a cluster of smaller buildings that were housed inside of caves. Heavily fortified on the outside and just as dangerous on the inside. Making things worse was the fact that a zip of six miles would go a hell of a lot faster than hiking it to get back. Almost every piece of the terrain was uphill on a return trip, and the Zombies were thick. Putting Eli and Hughes weeks away from a return home.
“Do we hit the canyons or start a return trip back?” Hughes asked.
“We don't have the supplies for a return trip. I spent a lot of my powder back there. If the starvation doesn't kill us, the Zombies surely will.” Eli replied.
“Fucking figures.” Hughes replied with discomfort.
“Let's just get to the canyons and trade off what we can. We'll get the supplies we need, grab a meal and a good night's sleep and then start the trip back tomorrow. We're miles away from the area of the brute suit.” Eli said.
“Fuck that brute suit!” Hughes lashed out. “The mayor is sitting back in Jacento on shiny new leather while I'm dangling through the air like a damn circus monkey. Let him carry his ass on down here and fetch that suit!”
“I'm almost inclined to agree with you,” Eli confessed. “I'd like to clear out the horde around Jacento, but it's not worth dying for.”
“Truth be told, I'd probably end up missing the fuckers,” Hughes confessed. “Sometimes I go out there in the middle of the night and smoke a finely rolled cigar or two. As I sit there thinking, I flick my ashes down to the fuckers. I even spend a few minutes naming them. Kind of like goldfish, only they try to eat you and shit.”
“You're kidding?” Eli asked.
“I don't kid about my cigars young man,” Hughes replied. “How far out are we? The old stomach is growling something fierce.”
It was certainly a trait of his. When Hughes became hungry, his stomach began to sound off like a famished Bengal tiger. Which, in his case, was every couple of hours. The whiskered man ate like two-legged starvation.
“Judging by the map,” Eli said, using his fingers to do what he could to pinpoint their location. “I'd say less than a mile.”
“Well let's quit lip-flapping and get to it,” Hughes replied. “This growling belly of mine isn't going to feeds its damn self.”
It brought a smile to Eli's face. Something that wasn't all too common where they planned to go. Eli had only travelled to the canyons once, and that was long ago. From what he could recall, most of the folks living there were bandits and thieves. He'd consider himself very lucky if he was able to lay down and sleep through the night without someone trying their best to slit his throat while robbing him blind.

The canyons were less than a mile away, just as Eli had thought. The very first signs of life in the seclusion of rocky cliffs hanging from what few trees did grow in the area. Zombies dangling from thick rope as warning. Not that the undead truly gave a damn.
“Looks like the place.” Hughes said, watching several folks just yards ahead. The look of busy all over them.
“I've only been here once. A very long time ago,” Eli replied. “It's a tough place from what I remember.”
“My kind of place.” Hughes agreed with a smile.
“I'm serious,” Eli warned. “It's not the kind of place where bullshit will fly. Just keep that in mind.”
“I get it.” Hughes replied. Upset that Eli's trust was misplaced.
“Business or pleasure?” a woman asked, approaching the two men in clothing that was very generous with nudity.
“Get the fuck out of here.” Hughes said, prompting the woman, as well as Eli, to shift their attention to him. It was literally the first time Eli had ever seen his friend turn down a piece of ass.
“Not you, sweet tits. I mean that.” Hughes added, pointing out the object of his attention and standing in disbelief.
“Get the fuck out of here.” Eli replied.
“OK. Whatever, you damn weirdoes.” the woman said, turning to walk off. Not that it mattered.
Hughes and Eli both watched as the very suit they'd been chasing, walked up ahead. Sunlight glimmering from the copper and shining like a brilliant sun hanging from the perfect blue sky above.
“Excuse me.” Eli said, hustling to catch up to the suit as it walked with purpose. Everyone stopping for a moment to watch him.
“Damn son, you plan on jumping him in broad daylight with all of these folks around?” Hughes asked. “Well I'm down.” he added, reaching for his peacemaker.
“Wait,” Eli cautioned, holding a hand to his friend's piece of wood. “There may just be another way.”
What the fuck do you plan to do, straight out ask them to borrow the suit?
“I was wondering if we might borrow that suit?” Eli asked, realizing a human was indeed inside of it.
Are you kidding me with this? Hughes thought. Preparing to throw down if things went to bad in a hurry.
“State your business.” the man inside of the suit replied.
He was just a smidge over six feet in height, shaggy brown hair and a face that proved of experience. He'd seen a tussle or two.
“Name's Eli Sykes, this is my friend Hughes. We've been looking for a suit just like yours for quite some time. Borrowing it for just a few weeks could prove very helpful to the folks over in Jacento.”
“Oh yea,” the man said. “The ones with biters at their doorstep, right?”
“That's right.” Eli confirmed.
“Well, all right then.” the man said.
“As in yes?” Eli asked.
“I don't see why not,” the man replied. “Just so long as I get it back eventually. The name's Michael Goldberg. Marshal Michael Goldberg.”
“Well I'll be damned.” Hughes replied.
“I'm sorry?” the marshal asked.
“I mean, I can't believe you'd let us borrow the suit, that's all. Nothing to do with you being a law man. I think that's good of you.”
“Well,” Marshal Goldberg replied. “I've got two of 'em, to be honest with you. If it were the only suit I had, well, I'd be a bit more hesitant. Besides, the folks of Jacento are in need and I'd like to help 'em.”
“I appreciate that,” Eli said. “The folks back in Jacento do too, even if they're not here to tell you in person.”
“Tell you what,” the marshal said. “You boys head over to the Iron Grill and get yourselves a bite to eat. Meet me back here in roughly an hour and I'll have the suit ready to go for you.” he added, standing at the entrance of his law office, which was planted firmly into the stone facing of a large cliff.
“Going to be a hike carrying that kind of weight,” Eli said. “We were hoping to get it back by way of airship, if possible?”
“That's going to be a problem,” Marshal Goldberg replied. “Seeing as how no airships change off here. Thinking it over, the closest place to board one is, well,” he added with a chuckle. “Jacento.”
“Well that fucking figures.” Hughes lashed out.
“He means there are a lot of starving biters out there in the forest. It was going to be tough enough to get back without the weight of a suit. Now it's going to be nearly impossible.” Eli added.
“See a lot of biters did you?”
“Too many.” Hughes replied.
“Happen to see a strange looking fellow along the way?” the marshal asked with a very curious stare.
“The folks we saw were dead. And walking,” Hughes said. “How much stranger can it possibly get?”
“This guy would look strange, even in that kind of company. Solid white. Albino, I believe. He looks regular enough while he's covered up and standing fifty paces away, I suppose, but you'd know it if you ran across him. His eyes are as white as snow, and he has a dog as company.” the marshal replied.
“No sir,” Eli replied. “We haven't seen anything close to that description. If we do, should we detain him or do him in?”
“You don't lay a finger on him, you understand me?” Marshal Goldberg threatened harshly, pointing a finger.
“Yea, sure. Didn't mean any offense by that, I was just trying to make conversation. That's all.” Eli replied.
The marshal's entire demeanor had changed for a moment, giving Eli and Hughes really strange vibes about where the conversation was headed.
“The son of a bitch likes to have his way with women and then kill 'em off,” Marshal Goldberg said. “He killed a couple of really good friends of mine. It's personal between the two of us and I promise you, when I catch him,” he added. “There won't be a damn trial. Just an execution. Besides, he's to be considered armed and very dangerous. Nothing you two can handle.”
“Not so fast,” Hughes boasted. “We've seen a-”
“He took down four of my very best law men. Only one survived, and he's bound to a wheelchair from here on out.” the marshal said.
“Oh.” Hughes said with a regressing voice.
“OK. If we see him, you'll be the first to know.” Eli replied. Understanding the severity of retribution within a man filled with blood-lust.
“I'd be much obliged,” the marshal replied. “One hour, gentlemen.”
As he walked away, both Eli and Hughes held their tongues. Ensuring that they were able to speak freely.
“That's a strange mother fucker right there. I thought you said this place was tough? Looks like a bunch of women and children, mostly?” Hughes finally said.
“I agree with the marshal being a strange one. I think he's got a score to settle, and I'm guessing he's responsible for cleaning this place up.” Eli replied.
“I've got a score to settle too,” Hughes commented. “With a big glass of frothy beer.”
“If we only knew which way.” Eli said.
“Do what any real man does, my brother.”
“What's that?” Eli asked.
“Follow the smell of smoldering meat.”
His advice was a bit crude, though it seemed to be spot on. Eli's nose quickly catching the scent of tender meat tanning over an open flame.
“Whatever it is, it smells good.” Eli said.
“That's the smell of ribs and barbecue sauce,” Hughes replied, pointing his sniffer into the air and pulling in a very large breath of air. “And they're going a little too heavy on the sauce, which pisses me off.”

“You have to promise not to laugh,” Claire said playfully. “I've never actually shot a weapon before today.”
“We'll get you straightened out,” Sadie replied, helping Claire with her stance and hand position on the pistol. “I've been teaching folks how to shoot for a while now. There's inner-peace to be found while shooting.”
Claire aimed down the sights, doing her absolute best to remain calm. Wondering how such an act could be good for the soul.
“That's a ringer. At least that's the household name for it. Revolving pistol, six-shots and each one of them has enough stopping power to save one life by ending another. As long as you respect the weapon, the weapon will respect you.”
The pistol was a common build among soldiers. A variation of the battle style used as the United States fought itself during the last Great War in a world that was. Before the Mortakin virus became widespread and the dead began stumbling around with a mighty strong hunger.
Trimmed in copper, the ringer's biggest difference, when stacked up against those of a world that was – a large gear which cranked with each pull of the trigger. Taking the place of a revolving chamber and adding a bit more punch to each shot fired. Designed by men just like Jacento's Daniel.
Naturally, as Claire fired the weapon, her shots spread out all over the place hitting everything but target. Normal for the first time out.
“See, I'm horrible.” Claire said with disappointment.
“Not at all,” Sadie replied. “The first time out is all about learning the handle of it. The motions of firing. That sort of thing.”
“So I'll be OK?” Claire asked with a grin.
“Trust me, when it comes to shooting, you'll be just fine,” Sadie comforted. “Now if I could just get you past these mixed feelings for Eli.”
“Huh?” Claire asked.
“Honey, it's written all over your face. I can't cook worth a damn, but I can shoot a gun and spot worry on a woman's face from a mile away. I'm not sure what's so confusing about it, to be honest?”
“And anything we talk about out here, stays out here?” Claire asked.
“You betcha girl. This is our therapy session.”
“I was on my way to be married when my airship went down.” Claire admitted with a look of shame.
“Oh.” Sadie replied, completely flattened.
“I thought he was the one for me, you know? But as I lay in that locked box, I had nothing but time. I thought I was going to die out there. It really made me question a lot of things. That, combined with meeting Eli, well, it really has me thinking hard about what my life would be like right now? I'd be exactly what everyone else thinks I should be, sure, but what if I don't want that kind of life? What if I don't want parasols and fancy dresses every single day, you know? What if I'm not in love with the idea of each day being filled with ritzy folks and their meaningless conversation over tea?”
“I think you're a person at the crossroads.” Sadie replied.
“How so?”
“There comes a moment in every person's life when they have to decide how the rest of their life is going to play out,” Sadie replied. “I think that airship crash nearly killed you, but I also think it saved your life. God's way of showing you all of the options, I suppose, but only you can choose who you truly are in the end.
“I see.” Claire replied with regret.
“Not that it's any of my business,” Sadie said. “But I don't think Eli has any flaws. In fact, I actually resented him at one time, simply because I got tired of hearing all of the women talk about how he was so damned perfect. As I got to know him, I did my best to prove them wrong. But for the life of me, he truly is everything most women look for their entire lives,” Sadie replied with a smile. “Not to further complicate things.”
“Gee, thanks.”

“Hungry?” Eli asked.
Hughes sat directly in front of him, eating a king's feast at one of the Iron Grill's few tables. Three full sets of roasted ribs, two large slabs of cornbread and a bowl of the house soup. Garnished by a rum-flavored cigar which drooped from the corner of his mouth. One hand on a fork and another hand on a chilled glass of ale. If you have to do it, do it right and do it all night. That was Hughes' creed.
“You damn right I am,” Hughes replied between starvation chomps. “When you see as much shit as we do, you never know which meal is going to be the last. So I don't take any chances, my brother.”
“It's been a while.” a husky man said, approaching their table as he looked directly at Hughes in mid-feeding.
“I'd say it has. Another lifetime, maybe, because I don't know you from the zig-zag man, son.” Hughes replied sternly. Having absolutely no clue who the man was and thinking of only the worst. Squeezing a fist to burst his fighting knuckles back to life.
“I meant the cigar slapped to your gums,” the man replied. “It's from the islands. I can tell by the smell of the rum.”
“Any friend of the craft is a friend of mine,” Hughes replied, using a foot to kick an empty wooden chair to the ready. “Have a seat.”
“I'd be willing to barter for one of those fine smokes, if you have a spare? The name's Wilcox.”
“I've got a spare. Got a few of 'em, and you're right about the islands. Took me a long time to get my hands on this masterpiece. What are you thinking of offering in trade?” Hughes asked, slanting an eye to the man.
“Don't rightly know?”
Hughes had never seen a sight quite as beautiful. He'd seen the finest of women in skirts and he'd seen the finest of women in much less, but when a glimmer of light bled into the Iron Grill and shimmered across Wilcox's peacemaker, it was as if angels swooped down from heaven to sing a lullaby of prestige.
“Oh no, friend. That's a masterwork piece you're staring at.” Wilcox said, not interested in trading it.
“I can make it worth your while.” Hughes replied, no longer caring what the price would be. The masterwork peacemaker was begging to belong to Hughes and wasn't about to leave without it.
“I'm not so sure about that.” Wilcox said with a laugh.
Moments later, he was looking at a bag of seventeen fine cigars, a large flask of pure rum and Hughes' own peacemaker. Leaving no doubt, Hughes pulled his golden pocket watch and laid it onto the table as well. Taking a moment to retrieve one of the cigars and place it behind his ear.
“Hmm.” Wilcox said.
“What do you say?”
“I'm thinking.” Wilcox replied. Deep in a mental discussion with himself over the deal at hand.
“Well don't think too long. I'm having second thoughts on the rum, it's imported.” Hughes replied.

“I can't believe you brought that many damn cigars and didn't think to bring extra food along.” Eli said.
Scolding his large friend as they continued to sit in the Iron Grill nearly an hour later, drinking ale.
“Priorities, my man.” Hughes replied.
His eyes were locked onto his new masterwork peacemaker as his rough hands stroked it like a newborn baby.
It was made of solid metal, which meant swifter death for any Zombie that closed in. Moreover, it was sexy. Having such a weapon strapped to his back would make him the talk of Jacento. In a day and age when humanity survived by stepping around the infected, any man who stepped while looking good, was a man with prestige.
Hughes had paid dearly for the weapon. Overpaid, even. But cigars would come and go, as would the rum. Especially given the fact that both were manufactured within the walls of Jacento. About as far from the islands as a man could get.
As he clinched a strong fist around the rubberized grip handle of the weapon, Hughes understood it was a weapon of elegance. He would become one with the thick, squared beam of steel.
“I'm ready to take on the world.” Hughes said.
“I can see that,” Eli replied. “But you overpaid.”
“I don't know about that. She's beautiful.” Hughes said, hoisting the metal peacemaker up into the air a bit.
“She?” Eli asked. Sipping a bit of soup.
“I'm going to name her Lucy.”
“Is that a fact?” Eli asked.
“It is.” Hughes said with happiness.
When Sadie Harbrook lays eyes on this fine piece of weaponry, she'll have no choice but to finally give in to the old hound dog.

The calm of night has a way of quickly sacking men who are worn from the trail of everyday life, just as it had done to both Eli and Hughes later that night. Though calm can be broken very quickly.
“Incoming!” a voice cried out.
Eli immediately woke from a land of dreams, as did everyone else around him. The blood-curdling scream of warning doing a fine job of bouncing around the thick rock walls of the caves turned homes.
“Shit.” Hughes grumbled, standing straight to his feet and grabbing hold of his prized new weapon. Albeit as he wore nothing but a thick pair of long thermal underwear. Grabbing what clothes he could and putting them on very defensively as Eli collected their most-needed gear in a hurry.
“Zombies?” Eli asked.
“Has to be,” the marshal replied loudly. “It's the only time the men in our outposts yell out with warning.”
The canyons were a lot cruder in appearance, but served the same purpose as Jacento and every city like it. Folks lived as far away from trouble as possible. The canyons had scouts all along the ridge of rock above. Outposts which could see trouble coming a mile away – literally.
They were armed and scoped, giving them an ability to drop Zombies to their death from a mighty long distance. The marshal knew, as did everyone else that frequented the canyons, that when the outposts began barking down warnings, it was bad.
“Get the women and children deep inside of the caves! I want every fighting man out here, front and center,” Marshal Goldberg shouted, turning his attention upward. “How many are we talking about?”
“At least a hundred. Maybe more. And we spotted a few alphas with them.” one of his scouts shouted down in reply.
The marshal knew they didn't have the numbers to fight that kind of threat. Not even on their best day.
“Eli.” Marshal Goldberg yelled.
“Yes.”
“Can you get these kids back to Jacento?”
“It's,” Eli replied. “It's pitch dark out here. Not to mention we're talking about one hell of a hike.”
“Can you do it, yes or no? If we put them deep in the caves and fall in battle, they won't survive.” the marshal asked sternly.
“I,” Eli replied with a bit of hesitation. “I can get them far enough away from here. I should be able to hold them down safe enough, somewhere close to the nearest zipline and wait for you.”
As gunshots began to pour out against an infectious mob of walking dead, the marshal glanced back with a desperate look.
“I'd be much obliged if you did.”
Eli and Hughes turned to collect what kids were coming along. Some of them opting to stay with their parents. As the sound of bullets and the smell of fresh black powder began to cloud the entire area, folks handed sacksful of supplies to Hughes with panic. Things like food, extra weaponry and even a couple of children's toys.
“Give me a couple of days to find you,” the marshal replied. “If I don't, you can assume the worst. Do everything you can to get these little ones to safety.”
“Understood.” Eli said
Had the situation been any different, Hughes would have threw the shit back at them and pointed to the fact that he was no one's pack mule. But, given the circumstances, the two men led a total of seven children away. Slipping away quietly as the thick of battle was all around them. With alphas involved and the dark of night nearly blinding mankind, the odds of losing the canyons to the filthy dead were just as good as the odds of surviving. And every single fighting man knew it.

“Come in.” the mayor said with a wide smile. Halting his paperwork and making time for a woman so beautiful.
“It will just take a moment,” Claire said with a nod. “I'd wondered if you'd received any news on Eli and Hughes?”
“Received any news?” he asked. “No ma'am. Not that I ever do. You see, they come and go on their own terms.”
“I see,” Claire replied. “Well, thank you for your time.”
“If you don't mind,” the mayor said. Stopping Claire in her tracks. “I'd like to give you a very good piece of advice?”
She waited to hear it, though she never formally replied.
“Men like Eli Sykes will let you down in the end. He's a good enough person, I suppose, but eventually these adventures he insists on partaking in, well, they'll catch up to him. Perhaps even kill him. I don't want to see you grow old and alone here because you fell for the wrong sort of man, you see? Not when you could be dressed in all of the finest and know a life of absolute luxury. Compliments of someone with royal standards.”
“Everyone seems to be full of advice lately,” Claire replied. “And what you say may be true. But there's also truth in the fact that such luxury is possible because of men like Eli Sykes. It is to my understanding that many of Jacento's trading partners trade with us because of Eli and his adventures. It's also to my understanding that Eli is, in fact, royalty of a world that was. He simply chooses to treat everyone the same. As opposed to stereotyping them into classes. That's a trait that I respect very much.”
Her words cut into the mayor quite hard. Evidenced by his look of disappointment.
“Good day, mayor.”
Claire had only been in Jacento for a very short time. But during such time, she'd learned enough to know that Jacento would become her home for the near future. Everything about it was far better than she could have expected from her original destination.
Likewise, Claire had a very unique ability to see things as they were. Well beyond the usual blanket of bullshit.

“What the fuck kicked out?” Hughes asked, quickly showing the expression of regret as he realized they now had a mess of children along for the trip. “If we keep running into these types of situations, my hair is going to be solid white.”
Eli laughed loudly.
“What?”
“Snow White and the seven dwarfs.” Eli said, motioning to the children.
“Oh yea, you're real cute,” Hughes replied with a growl. “If they weren't here I'd give you a list of what I was thinking right now.”
“You don't have to. We've been friends long enough for me to know what you're thinking. Just by looking at you. And honestly, I agree.”
“What are we supposed to do?” Hughes asked.
“Same thing we always do, I suppose. Set up the can lines and make camp. It'll be daybreak soon enough. That should help us out a bit.” Eli replied.
“So we're really just going to sit here for a couple of days? I don't know the first thing about kids!” Hughes admitted.
“We've got no other choice. We can't make it back to Jacento with a pack of kids on our heels. We'd be lucky to make it back period. We can't go back to the canyons, that much is obvious. We just stick it out here for a day or two and hope to hear back from the marshal. Besides, it's not like we could go back without the brute suit and start handing kids over to anyone that would have 'em. We'd be laughing stocks.” Eli replied.
“I'd kill for a cigar right about now.” Hughes said, having smoked his one and only following such a high-stakes trade.
“Yea, but you look good with that shiny new piece of steel strapped to your back. Doesn't he, children?” Eli asked.
“I'm going to set the can lines.” Hughes barked with anger.
You wise-lipped cocksucker.

“You're improving.” Sadie commented.
She was stating the obvious as Claire had been able to hit the target several times with her ringer. Claire had learned to hold the pistol just right and compensate for its recoil. Though far from an expert, she'd certainly done well.
“You may just be a natural.” Sadie added.
“I appreciate the fact that you've taught me how,” Claire replied. “And the fact that you've listened to all of my problems.”
“Just remember that it could eventually save your life. We have soldiers here in Jacento, but you never know. It's always better to be safe, rather than sorry. Aside from that,” Sadie replied with a smile. “You're welcome.”
Claire replied with a smile of her own.
Inside, she thought of Sadie's statement. Applying it to several other aspects of her life. Including the one where her heart continually grew fonder of Eli Sykes in his absence. He'd saved her life when it came to the terrors beyond the walls of Jacento and he's quite possibly saved her life even further.
Claire was a top medical graduate, just as she'd claimed to be. And she was indeed flying west to seek work in a town that needed more doctors. What she hadn't told Eli was the other portion of things. The part where she was to be married. Partially because she felt a need to be loyal to her husband to be, and partly because she feared that Eli's interest in her would die out. Leaving her crushed in the process.
Her groom to be, Wesley, was a very prominent business man. And, as Claire had begun to discover, a lot like the mayor of Jacento. She'd never seen it before. At least she'd never paid attention to it. His tendency to judge others while finding happiness in the silk lining of fine suits and material possessions.
Claire had almost become that person as well. Eli had saved her from becoming the very thing she'd quickly grown to hate. And Eli hadn't really done a damn thing. It was the folks who knew him well and spoke of him often that had made Claire grow even fonder of the man. The way he placed his love in life's truest treasures while caring nothing for the insignificant things which captivate most others.
But guilt had set in something fierce. As much as Claire felt herself loving Eli, she also felt obligation to Wesley. Having given him the promise of marriage.
It had split her heart in two throbbing pieces, and it hurt. The stemming pain only replaced when her finger squeezed easy against the trigger of her ringer pistol. Giving her the feeling that, for that singular moment, nothing else mattered. Just the ringer, its intention and the target that stood tall.

“They eat like nothing I've ever seen.” Hughes bitched.
The children were eating healthy, no doubt, but Eli thought of the previous night. Hughes had gorged on enough food to rewrite the record books.
“Hey, I was hungry!” Hughes defended as Eli gave him the look.
“They're just frightened,” Eli replied, doing his best to speak calmly in front of the children. “It'll pass.”
“I wonder how the canyons fared?” Hughes asked.
“There's no way of knowing for sure. But we haven't seen any biters this morning, and that's unusual. Not the best of signs.” Eli replied.
“Reckon one of us should ease back and take a look?” Hughes asked.
“No,” Eli replied. “It's not a good idea. If we weren't looking after the kids, we'd both double back. But there's too much here to keep safe. One set of eyes and arms won't be able to do it.” he added.
“You're right.” Hughes replied.
“Sometimes I wonder why we do it?” Eli asked.
“Do what?”
“This. Stick our necks out time and again so those lazy, pompous bastards back in Jacento can enjoy the high-life.”
“The adventure, I suppose.” Hughes replied.
“There's going to come a day and time when that may not be good enough any longer. I like adventure as much as the next man, but I've had far too many brushes with death. All of the gun barrels stuck in my face, the biters nipping our heels,” Eli said with disappointment. “Sometimes it doesn't seem worth it, you know?”
“Is it the kids?” Hughes asked with a laugh.
“No,” Eli replied. “I'd do this every day for the rest of my life if it meant truly helping folks. Especially kids like this. I mean, why? The folks running Jacento don't give a shit about these kids. They'd just pawn them off onto someone else and go about their own business. Their own pleasures and wants come before others. That's what I have a problem with.”
“Then you need to do something about it.” Marshal Goldberg replied, easing into the camp. Along with half a dozen armed others.
“You made it?” Eli asked, standing to his feet.
“Some of us,” the marshal replied. “A lot of those kids are going to know different families in the months to come, though. The walkers pressed us pretty hard.”
“I'm glad to see the canyons make it through,” Eli replied. “Truly.”
“You have any books back in Jacento?” the marshal asked.
“Yea, why?” Eli asked.
“When you get back, I want you to find one on politics. Normally it isn't worth reading while taking a shit, but I think it applies in your situation.”
“How's that?” Hughes asked.
“Back in the world that was, folks held elections. Every so often, they'd let the common folks vote it out between two potential leaders. When is the last time Jacento voted on such a thing?” the marshal asked.
“Never. Not as far as I can remember.” Hughes replied.
“Well, you may look into it.” Marshal Goldberg said.
“Our mayor would never go for that shit.” Hughes commented.
“Sure he would,” Eli said with a smile. “Otherwise, he'd look like a dictator and not a true man of the people. Our soldiers would remove him from power.”
“Now you're catching on,” the marshal said. “But it's a double-edged sword. From what I've read, those running for office typically lied. Telling folks what they needed to hear. And, once money started changing hands, it was as corrupt as ever. But I'm sure you'll be able to figure all of that out on your own.”
“Much obliged.” Eli said.
“No sir, I'm the one that's much obliged. You jumped in to help us when you didn't have to,” Marshal Goldberg replied, turning to nod to one of his own people. “The suit is yours, clean and clear. And Jacento has made a trading partner with the canyons from here on out. We'll be watching closely to see what happens with your leadership.”
Eli and Marshal Goldberg solidified a new friendship with a firm handshake. And as the folks from the canyon left out, they left one of the marshal's diving suits behind. Eli and Hughes had certainly earned it and then some. Some coming in the form of a knapsack filled with comforts of home to help them in the long hike ahead.
“Well I'll be son of a bitch.” Hughes said, pulling a rum flavored cigar from the sack and lighting it like a man with purpose.
“I think I got my answer.” Eli replied, watching the canyon's folks fade into the background. Children in tow.
“What's that?”
“We do this because of the incredible folks we meet along the way. People like Marshal Goldberg, Claire-”
“Oh yea, I do miss the women,” Hughes replied with a grin. “Let's make like a donkey's dick and hit the road.
“I'll grab the lines,” Eli replied with a grin. “Enjoy that cigar. We've just inherited a lot more baggage to carry, and it isn't light.”
Hughes glanced to the heavy bronze diving helmet and accompanying suit. He knew damn well that their long trip had just gotten a whole lot longer.

“May I come in for a moment?” the mayor asked.
“Be my guest.” Daniel replied.
“I wonder if you've had time to think our arrangement over?”
“It's not an official arrangement just yet.” Daniel replied.
He glanced up from his work to look at the mayor. Eye to eye. Several bits of circuitry lay out in front of him, spread across a large wooden table.
“Would it be so bad?” the mayor asked. “Weaponizing the suits would be the best way to rid ourselves of the Zombies at our doorstep AND ensure that they do not return to threaten us.” he added in convincing fashion.
“I believe you ask the wrong question,” Daniel said, turning back to his work for a moment as steady hands did their best to glue wires together. “I wonder. If it is the best way for everyone, why do we feel the need to meet in private and whisper the details?”
“There will come a time when even the greatest inventor Jacento has ever known – will have to pick a side.”
“There are no sides when it comes to freedom, mayor. Simply those who live freely and those who do not.” Daniel replied.
“Be that as it may,” the mayor said defensively. “Jacento will rise to the forefront of this area on the back of military might. I will promise you that. Should you choose to help those soldiers by providing them with proper equipment. So be it. Otherwise, I would not get too comfortable with your work. At least not within these city walls.”
Daniel glanced up once more. Both men staring fiercely for a moment and understanding that they would eventually come to an end, for better or for worse.
“Good day, professor.”
As the mayor turned to leave, he nodded to Claire. Both hello and goodbye wrapped into a single moment by a man with important things to see through. Many of them to be done in secret, as usual.
“Is this a bad time?” Claire asked.
“There's no time like the present.” Daniel replied with a smile.
“Because, well,” she said. “He looks pretty pissed.”
“Won't be the first time and it certainly won't be the last. Having the ability to invent things places a lot of responsibility on your shoulders,” Daniel admitted. “It forces you to use your ability for those who truly need it, while brushing off the ones who are full of bullshit. You understand, yes?”
“I'm guessing the mayor falls into the latter category?”
“Indeed he does.” Daniel replied.
“I actually stopped in to see if you had any books on medicine?” Claire asked as her eyes gazed across the large room to several bookshelves.
“Yes, I think,” he replied. “Haven't you already studied it?”
“Well medicine is deep. I suppose it's a profession where you can never truly soak up everything there is to know.” Claire said.
“Understood.”
Daniel gave his own work some rest for a moment. Walking over to the section of his workshop that was never used quite enough.
“Many of these books were written long ago. Everything from medicine to physics. In fact,” Daniel said. “I'd say that I have books on every subject but paranormal romance. I pride myself with that.”
“Paranormal romance?” Claire asked.
“Creatures of the night falling in love with young women. Gibberish really. Though I could certainly see very desperate, middle-aged women gobbling it up,” he added. “Sadly.” Daniel said, shaking his own head with despair.
“You don't get out of this workshop often, do you?”
“I do not.” he admitted.
“I'll tell you what,” Claire said. “Let me grab a handful of books and walk with you to the Trojan Horse. I'll buy you a drink and let you tell me all there is to know about Eli?”
“Well, I don't know?” Daniel replied with hesitation, turning to look around at all of his unfinished projects.
“The mayor will likely be there. It would really piss him off.” Claire said with a very wide grin.
“In that case, count me in.” he replied with a smile of his own.
When Claire finished stacking several dusty books into a row, she looked up with a grin. Finished with her browsing.
“All set.”
“Not quite.” Daniel replied, reaching to the top shelf.
“Walden?” she asked.
“Just read it. You'll learn to appreciate life a bit more.”
“Yes sir.” Claire replied with a nod, placing it atop her stack and hoisting them into an arm. Finally all set.

“Heavy ass,” Hughes growled. “Mutha fucking,” he huffed. “Piece of shit.”
His back ached from nearly ten minutes of lugging the bronze suit through a heavily-wooded area with a steep incline. Several days from home, which had begun to sink in really deep. Stabbing into the willpower of his mind.
“There's no other way to get it there man,” Eli replied. “Sorry.”
“It's just,” Hughes replied with anger. “Man I hate zipping, and I had to zip for miles. Screaming like a damn girl while my life dangled in the balance. Then we arrive at the ideal location for every piece of scum this side of Kentucky, only to be ransacked by the dead and sent running off with a pack of starving ass kids in tow. Now I find myself aching all over while carrying this heavy ass suit over terrain that would normally whip my ass empty-handed. It's kind of getting old.”
“Don't you cry on me, soldier.” Eli said with a laugh.
It was kind of their thing. When one of the men felt beat down, the other spouted it off the tongue as a way to lighten things up. One of the many traditions they'd developed over a handful of years together. Each adventure bringing them closer.
“Ain't nobody crying son.” Hughes brashly replied.
“You sure about that?” Eli asked with a very childish grin.
“Well, there might be here in about ten minutes or so, when you start carrying this heavy, antique piece of shit with that scrawny back of yours.”
“You may be right.” Eli admitted.
The suit was actually a bit larger than he was. The bulk of it welded together, which fought against the pressures of deeper water, while the helmet had a breathing attachment bolted on. A very thick, round piece of glass served as the occupant's only field of vision outside of the suit when diving.
For the purposes of diving, it was a very early and crude model, though it did its job well enough. For the purposes of fighting a rather nasty horde of undead, the suit did an exceptional job. Essentially a full plating of armor which covered every stitch of a person's body, while giving the wearer an ability to use his or her hands. Perfect for weaponry or hand tools, depending on the situation.
Still, it was a complete bitch to carry.
“I just hope it's not for nothing.” Hughes finally replied.
“It can be used somehow, I'm sure of it.” Eli replied.
“You place a lot of faith in the mad scientist.” Hughes said.
“Daniel is brilliant in his own way,” Eli replied with a nod. “I have no doubt that he'll figure out a way to configure the suit to benefit the folks of Jacento.”
“And then we'll be heroes.” Hugh said with a wily smile.
“And then we'll be heroes,” Eli confirmed. Making his large friend seem at peace for a moment. “Now get those big legs moving. We don't have all week.”
Just keep going with that wise lip. Hughes thought. I'll make good and sure that you're shitting bronze this time next week.

“What do you make of it?” a well-dressed man asked.
“I'm not sure,” Mayor Thompson replied. “But I don't like it.”
Both men sat as they always did in the Trojan Horse. A large, rounded table of finely polished wood. Large enough to seat eight people, which gave the men even a bit more feeling of importance as they watched Claire and Daniel laughing. It was hard for anyone to miss. Even from across Jacento's only eating house.
“Would you like me to handle it?” the man asked.
“No,” the mayor replied. “Not yet.”
Barker was the man to do it. A contracted killer, for lack of better words. For a beautiful as Jacento was to the glance, many secrets were hidden within its walls. Politics run amok, even in places where they do not appear to exist. Mayor Thompson had long ruled the city by way of dictatorship, though most of the folks in Jacento were none the wiser. Those who were, well, Barker had made a living at getting rid of them nice and quietly.
“So, by now Hughes is drunk beyond repair and the women are all over him. Not for his looks, mind you, but for the bankroll in his pocket.” Daniel said with a laugh.
“Get out of here!” Claire said, nearly rolling in the floor while laughing hysterically. Hanging on every word of Daniel's story.
“And Eli swoops in to save his friend's money by,” Daniel said, holding it back for several moments. “By claiming to be Hugh's lover. Even lashed out at the girls for hanging their clingy little hands on HIS meat.”
“Oh, that's impossible.” Claire said as she continued to laugh.
“No, it's true. I saw it with my own eyes.”
“WOW. That's true friendship, I suppose.” Claire admitted.
“And it can't leave this table. If either of them find out I told you that story, I'm toast.” Daniel said.
“Your secret is safe with me.” Claire replied.
“Of course, from what I understand, Hughes bitched him out the following morning. Said he'd ruined his first legitimate chance at a trifecta.”
“A trifecta?” Claire asked.
“Three women at once.” Daniel replied.
“Oh,” she replied, stopping her laughter quickly. “Oh my.”
“Said he would have gladly traded his entire bankroll for the chance. That's Hughes. Always living in the moment and never regretting anything. Be it good or bad. Of course, Eli is the total opposite. He's the one that thinks it over thoroughly. Too thoroughly sometimes, if you ask me.” Daniel said.
“How so?” Claire asked.
“I guess sometimes it's easy to plan things out in such a way that we miss what's right in front of us.”
“Now that makes perfect sense,” Claire replied. “What I would like to know though, is why the mayor continues to stare this way. He's been throwing daggers over here since we arrived. You two obviously have history.”
“Oh, we do,” Daniel replied. “He and I both loved the same woman once. Jacento hadn't been here for very long, at least not the way it is this day and time, and my sweet Maddy was taken during an attack by folks who wanted this city. Her life gone in an instant. The hardest time of my life, to be honest.”
“I'm sorry to hear that.”
“It's OK, that was some time ago. But, much like Eli, I spent a great deal of time planning for things to come. It wasn't until her life was taken that I realized how much time I had wasted. All of that time she was right there in front of me, and I just assumed it was forever. You know what I'm saying?”
“I do.” Claire admitted.
“Of course, the mayor had his sights set on Maddy too. Any woman who steps into Jacento with a bit of class finds herself on his radar. She wanted nothing to do with him. Any woman with half a mind doesn't, but he doesn't think as we do. He'll continue to work on you until he breaks you down.”
“And he resents you?” Claire asked.
“Possibly. It's the only reason I could see him acting cold towards me. That and I ask too many questions.”
“I don't understand?”
“Never mind. I'd rather not.” Daniel said.
“No,” Claire said. “If I'm going to live in Jacento, I'd like to know about the things I need to. Including whatever it is you're withholding?”
“I have no proof of anything. Only suspicion.”
“Of?” Claire asked.
“It's just,” Daniel said, speaking a bit more freely as the booze had starting working its inhibition-dropping magic. “There are a lot of secrets with the mayor. He often comes to me and swears me to silence. I can't be the only one. It's as if he runs the city, and then runs it a different way behind the scenes. You know what I'm saying? Very covertly. He rules on the back of lies and whispers. It sometimes makes me wonder what happens in Jacento that we're not aware of?” Daniel said.
“Who's the man with him?” Claire asked.
“Barker,” Daniel replied. “Who is a mystery all unto himself.”
“Meaning?”
“The man has no job, yet wears only the finest. I've never seen him working on a plate of food that wasn't the best available, and he drinks the finest of wines. Barker's personal living quarters rivals the mayor's own, yet Barker has no official job title or description. He often disappears for days on end before returning to the mainstream group of folks here in Jacento. No one seems to know why or how?”
“Airships, perhaps?”
“Originally I thought so,” Daniel said. “Believe it or not, I actually invested a week of my life trying to figure out where in the hell Barker goes. I still don't have anything to show for it. I observed everything and it led me nowhere. The man is like a silk tie wearing ghost and that bothers me.”
“That's very odd.” Claire admitted.
“Many things are very odd with Jacento. Why are the biters still at our doorstep? It's been years now, yet they remain. Do they not grow hungry? Would they have not given up by now and moved on? Think about that for a moment. Most Zombies out there roam free. Mindlessly, granted, but they do roam in search of food. So why do these Zombies remain here? It's one of Jacento's many mysteries.”
“Maybe,” Claire replied. “It's anyone's guess how they think.”
“We have a distinguished list of missing folks here in Jacento and my own research has went missing, at times, never to be seen again.”
“Huh?”
“I don't understand it either. I'm the only person here who could possibly understand the meaning behind such research, and yet it goes missing from time to time. Even worse, I'll come back to find my desk in order. Proving to me that someone is taking it and deliberately doing what they can to cover their tracks.” Daniel replied.
“I better stop asking questions. I'm feeling less safe by the minute.” Claire said with extreme caution.
“No, don't live your life in fear. That's no way to go about things,” Daniel replied. “But always have a backup plan ready.”
Claire did. It was a pistol the size of a small pocket, which allowed her to carry it along. She'd become a decent shot and had no intentions of letting herself join the list of people who'd simply vanished.
“Last question, I promise,” Claire said with a grin. “What were you working on today that looked so intriguing?”
“An electronic logbook,” Daniel replied. “I hope to one day be able to plug the device in and begin keying in the history and happenings of day to day life in Jacento. In studying the books of a time that once was, I've realized how important it is to record history. One day, people will need to know exactly what happened here. They'll need to know what we were up against and what we did about it. If scientists can sit down and look through ideas we've already tried, it can help speed up the process of finding a cure.”
“A cure for Mortakin?” Claire asked.
“Indeed. That's truly my life's work.”





Chapter 4
Settling In


“You ain't talking much tonight.” Hughes said.
They had made camp as the chill of nightfall set in. Each of them in close to the fire, while their can lines lay several dozen feet out. Just as they always did. Prepared to alert the men of any approaching danger.
“Just doing a lot of thinking, I suppose.”
“About what?” Hughes asked.
“Ah, it's a long story.” Eli replied.
“We've got time.”
Hughes was correct in his statement. A small chicken smoldered above the campfire as both men prepared for a small meal of very good eating. Warm coffee to compliment a fine session of chicken chomping. The smell of a mouthwatering meal would likely draw a few biters onto them at some point during the night, but they were prepared. Melee weapons laying close by and the itch to kill not too far away.
“Well,” Eli confessed. “I was just thinking about this suit.”
“You mean the bad back we're both likely to have because of it.” Hughes said with a laugh as he reached in to pull their chicken away from flame.
“No, I mean the suit. I try to imagine the person who crafted in back in the world that was. It makes me wonder about life back then.”
“Yea,” Hughes said, handing half of the available meat to Eli. Still hanging from a stick and popping with grease. “I suppose you're right.”
“You ever wonder about things like that?” Eli questioned.
“Sometimes, I guess. I figure that folks had it made, you know? Being able to work in a safe environment all day as then leave to hang out with friends over a few beers. Without the threat of impending doom always in the backs of their minds.”
“Sounds about right.” Eli agreed.
“But I also reckon it doesn't matter much. What's done is done. Ain't any use in living back in those days when they're over and long gone. We've each got to play the hand we're dealt. And you and I, friend, we got dealt a pretty shitty hand. We all did, for that matter.” Hughes said with truth.
“Yes we did.” Eli agreed once more. Holding the leg of chicken up high.
“Only thing we can do about it the best I figure,” Hughes said. “Is take our shitty hand, smile all of the time and bluff our asses off.”
“You're a wise man.” Eli said.
“I just want to get back to Jacento and peel these clothes off. Hop my ass into a tub of scalding water with plenty of bubbles and smoke a fine one. That right there is my happy place.” Hughes confessed.
“I want to get back and hand this suit over to Daniel,” Eli replied, smoothing a hand across the polished brass helmet. “And then find Claire and tell her how I feel. She's the closest to a happy place I've been in a mighty long time.”
“I think I'm going to be sick.” Hughes said, clinching his stomach.
“Well, if you're done with your chicken-”
“I ain't that sick, brother.” Hughes said with a brushy-faced grin.

If you're reading this, it means I trust you.
Claire had intended to read Walden, just as she'd promised. At first, she wondered if the words she read were not intended as part of the story. Though they lay in handwritten ink. Presumably the writing of Daniel.
Something with Jacento is not right. At the time of writing this, I count seventeen folks missing from the city. Most who live here, believe they've simply gotten onto an airship at some point and went about their business. No one else feels the need to ask questions. I do. I investigate. I don't like the idea of being lied to by those in control of this city. I've been unable to locate information on any of the missing people. Absolutely no medical logs or transportation logs, which would be a given if they'd left by way of airship. Nothing.
It's like these folks never existed. Yet I specifically remember each of them. I shared laughter with a few of them and even drinks. Where have they gone?
As an inventor, I have very limited access to records. Even the ones I ask for, arouse suspicion at times. Asking questions in Jacento is dangerous, and it shouldn't be. Folks should not be afraid to seek knowledge. To seek answers.
I, and like-minded folks, will eventually find out what is truly at work here in Jacento. One day. If you're reading Walden, it means I trust you greatly. Only a few before you have had the opportunity to read this, and they work with me in finding the truth. We want answers, but those in control do not want us to have them. The media around us, be it radio or altered history books, exists to mislead us for the purpose and gain of those in control. Believe none of it and seek your own answers.
We communicate through books of our own. Books just like Walden. A great book in itself, with many secrets to life as it once was. Those who are with me use only the greatest books ever written. It is our own formal way of communicating indirectly, so that those in power do not suspect. Attached is everything I remember about each of those individuals gone missing. Welcome to the truth. Sometimes, with truth comes great responsibility. I thank you for having the courage to ask questions and I wish you luck in your journey for answers. Come to me if you ever need help.
-D.
Claire was leveled. Never in her wildest dreams did she suspect anything like she'd just read. A plea for help, backed by several pages of truth. Information on those who'd gone missing and, for the first time, a sense of fear inside Jacento's walls.
Claire had no idea how high up the corruption went. It could certainly involve the mayor, though it was entirely possible that he was also clean of it. Maybe just those who surrounded him. Making him a puppet, nothing more.
One thing was certain. Claire would pay much more attention from this point forward. Giving her trust to very few and always carrying a firearm. Wondering if she'd been destined to arrive in Jacento and help Daniel discover the truth.

“Whole lot of 'em!” Hughes complained, swinging frantically onto each approaching biter. His peacemaker landing flush with each menacing blow. The sound of frail bones crunching beneath as leathery skin did little to absorb the punishment.
“Just keep them on our heels and stay in the open!” Eli yelled in replied. “The last thing we want is to be surrounded!”
It was the creed of any Zombie Cowboy.
Know your enemy. Pack heat. Have a plan.
If any of the three were overlooked, your jimmy might as well be dusted. The Zombies were slow, excluding alphas, of course, but they liked to travel in packs. Meaning you couldn't run yourself into a dead end. Otherwise, they'd overwhelm you with sheer numbers. Packing heat was a no-brainer, and having a plan meant thinking each move through carefully. Which was often very hard to do on the run.
Eli had elected to stay in the open as much as possible, so they could see what lay ahead. As opposed to running smack into the middle of more flesh eaters. Nearly thirty of the bastards nipping at their heels. Fans of roasted chicken, undoubtedly.
As his smaller frame drug the suit as best he could, Hughes' larger frame swung for the fences on each Zombie that approached. Folding the infected spawns of hell like an accordion and crumpling them to the ground.
“We've got to leave the suit!” Hughes finally yelled. Pulling his rifle and firing shots into the growing crowd.
Not a wise choice, in most cases, as the sound of gunfire would only draw more of them in. But he was desperate. Both men nearly overrun by now.
“Damn!” Eli replied. “We can't. Jacento needs it.”
“Then we need to leave it and double back around. It's the only way!” Hughes shouted, firing several shots more.
“Ah!” Eli yelled with disgust, releasing the diving suit and letting it hit the grassy field below. Understanding that his good friend was right this time around.
“We need an out.” Hughes said.
“High ground up ahead,” Eli said. “We'll get up there as fast as possible. It's heavily wooded, but the incline should slow these biters down a great deal. We'll circle back around and try for the suit again.”
“Good, let's get to it.” Hughes said loudly, firing another shot.
Two men against thirty undead. Very good odds for the two men, when it came to a race of foot speed. Tired or not, their legs would stop for nothing. Pure adrenaline coursing throughout each and every vein.

“Are you OK? You don't seem like yourself today?” Sadie asked.
“Yea, um,” Claire replied with a moment of pause. “It was just a long night.”
“I suppose we all have them.” Sadie replied with a grin.
“Why are so many people gathering?” Claire asked.
Dozens of folks had stopped their daily routine to gather in the large courtyard area of Jacento. Seeming to have nothing better to do, while obviously waiting on something very important.
“Today is departure day.”
“Come again?” Claire asked.
“Today is the day that an airship lands, new folks arrive in Jacento and some folks leave out. I suppose in larger cities it isn't such a big deal, but in Jacento, having such a thing take place ranks high. It gives us new faces to look at while some of our good friends prepare to head elsewhere.”
“Oh, I see.” Claire said.
“See there,” Sadie said, pointing to the tips of mountains which stretched far beyond the walls of Jacento. Nearly out of sight. “Right on schedule.”
Slowly, Claire joined the other folks of Jacento as they watched a dark speck in the sky become the distinguishable shape of an airship. And a very high-profile one at that. Shiny boards of polished wood, accented by the glimmering sunlight against bronze trim. Several portions of the ship outfitted with thick glass. Eli had taught her that.
“Brings back a lot of terrible memories.” Claire admitted.
“Yes, I'd say it does.” Sadie replied.
They watched as the fabulous airship coasted near the puffy white clouds above. Easing itself across the baby blue sky before slowly descending onto the city of Jacento and doing so in near poetic fashion.
“Everyone aboard will be asked off and they'll get a free run over at the Trojan Horse. The mayor basically kicks everyone else out as a gesture of goodwill to the travelers. While they eat, we admire the beauty of the ship and say goodbye to some of our own. The ones who've scraped together enough money to live elsewhere. There's usually a lot of trading done at that time as well.” Sadie said.
“Between those who operate the ship and the officials of Jacento?” Claire asked, the book of Walden still fresh in her mind.
“All types of trading. Each major living settlement in this area has a representative aboard the airship. They have goods locked up tight below the deck and they barter with our people here. That's how we do our trading. It's how we're able to get things we need, like food and beer.” Sadie replied with a grin.
“Beer?” Claire asked playfully.
“Sometimes it's just an absolute need.”
“I see.” Claire said.
“And the passengers who get off for a spell to eat usually barter their own belongs with folks here. Things like pocket watches, small weaponry – even scarves. The airship is pretty much our weekly connection to the outside world.”
“Well, in that case, I'm just as excited to see them come.” Claire admitted, looking to the sky above as the airship was only a few dozen feet away from touching down onto the designated spot of polished stone block.
It was a majestic sight to say the least. A large airship, which very much resembled a sea galleon of the world of old, easing onto the stones of Jacento and presenting itself with so much flair and beauty.
It was obvious that the airship had seen a great deal of use. Large scratches becoming decorative inlay when it came to the polished wooden boards. Adding character to the fine looking ship. Near fifty souls aboard the sky galleon, calling themselves passengers. Each of them looking through thick glass and becoming curious about the city of Jacento. Wondering what meal lay in wait, and what type of bartering was to be had. Each city had its own specially crafted dinner awaiting them.
The Royal Heavens. The official name of the airship at hand, though many passed overhead each day. The Royal Heavens was the one ship that was dedicated to serving a route of places which included Jacento. Otherwise, it was just a forgotten speck on some map which found itself pinned to every shipping terminal's wall.
“It's beautiful.” Claire admitted.
“It never fails to disappoint,” Sadie replied. “But I hope you don't plan on leaving out? I was just getting used to having you here.”
“Strangely, no,” Claire replied. “It's not even from the fear of flying by way of airship. Not even after what happened to bring me here. I've honestly grown to love Jacento in such a short time. This place, it feels as much like home as any place I've ever been. I'm not promising that I'll stay forever. But right now I feel content with being here. I feel at peace. You know what I'm trying to say?”
“Oh yea,” Sadie replied. “I felt the same way many years ago. I haven't left yet. It's a very small place, but it grows on you.”
As they watched the passengers exit the airship, being led to the Trojan Horse, which stood nearby, something caught their eye.
“Did you see him?” Sadie asked.
“Yes,” Claire replied. “He's completely white.”
“I can honestly say I've never seen that before,” Sadie admitted. “Outside of that, he's truly handsome.”
“I'm going to head back for a while. There is some type of genetic reasoning behind it, I just don't remember it from my original studies. I shouldn't be very long, are you going to be here?” Claire asked.
“For a while,” she replied. “I have a bit of money saved up. I'm going to see what I can do, as far as bartering for things I need. Hairbrushes, dresses and the like,” she added with a smile. “I may even have to bid against some of these wenches that are drooling. When you have all of these folks wanting dresses and only a few to go around, the bidding can get pretty fierce before it's over with.”
“Well, good luck,” Claire replied. “I'll return soon enough.”
Claire walked away to see her friend staring heavily at the man who was void of any pigment. Perhaps a stare of simple fascination. Perhaps something much deeper. Either way, he exchanged glances with Sadie.

“What?” Eli asked with panic. “There's got to be some mistake?”
“Mistake?” Hughes replied. “Look around, my friend. It's not here.”
“That makes no sense. Zombies wouldn't need a diving suit?”
“Oh, it makes perfect sense,” Hughes replied. “My guess is some other cowboy was out there watching. Either hoping we'd drop the suit or be run down and killed off. I'd say somebody is carrying that copper back-breaker somewhere. Likely to sell it off.”
“Vultures!” Eli shouted loudly.
“Hey man, calm the fuck down before you let every biter in this area know where we are. We almost didn't get away last time around. It's a suit man, forget about it. We would have done the same thing to someone else and you know it.”
“I know man, but Jacento needs that suit.” Eli said.
“I know,” Hughes replied. “But it really doesn't matter now. Whoever has it is either one broad-shouldered son of a bitch or part of a group, because I don't see any drag marks leaving the scene. They carried it off a lot easier than we got it here.”
“They couldn't have gotten far,” Eli said. “Maybe if we-”
“No. I'm going home,” Hughes replied. “I know the suit could help Jacento, but I'm not willing to die for it. Or worse, even, run back off into the thick woods with no idea where the suit even went. Fuck it man, I'm heading back. I'm not chasing this suit to the point of lunacy. I need a hot meal. A REAL one. I need a hot bath, a hot woman at my side and hot damn, I need a drink.”
“So you're willing to just trade in Jacento's future for a hot bath and a drink?” Eli asked with a puzzled look.
“You're damn straight I am,” Hughes replied. “And I suggest you do the same. Let me get back and recharge the battery a little bit. Then, if you want to, you can put a fish bowl over my head and send me down with a stick. I'll crush all of those fuckers at Jacento's doorstep. I'll build my own suit before I take another step in search of this one.”
“I can't believe this.” Eli said.
“Believe it. We got suit-jacked, buddy. It's not like we didn't originally plan to do the same damn thing. It's the nature of our business. Now, I'm heading back to Jacento with my tail between my legs. You coming?”
“The mayor is never going to let us live it-”
“Fuck the mayor!” Hughes growled. “If that son of a bitch wise-lips me in the least, I'll use his face to clean my kitchen floor. I'm not out here for him, I'm out here for you. To watch your back. But when you're not thinking clearly, it's my job to set you straight. And right now, you need to forget that damn diving suit and get back to a woman that may just be in love with you. Before we both die out here. OK?”
“Yea,” Eli admitted. “You're right.”
“Good. Now we are still a mighty long way from Jacento. We need to find a place to hunker down and figure out the path of least resistance in getting there. Rest for a few and then get to it. You with me?”
“I'm with you.” Eli replied.
Hughes nodded to his old friend. Slapping him across the shoulder just a bit with approval and thinking of Jacento's pleasures.

“I'm willing to let go of two full crates of ammunition, in exchange for some of your finest wine and a pile of your freshest fruit.” Mayor Thompson said.
As he continued to haggle with the representatives aboard the Royal Heavens, its occupants stood nearby. Trading some of their own personal belongs with the folks of Jacento. Also trading information on the world out there.
“Margie?” Sadie asked with surprise. “You're leaving?”
Margie Hicks had been a mainstay in Jacento long before Sadie had even arrived. Considered elderly, Margie had finally decided to move on.
“My husband is long gone and I have no children to speak of. I guess I woke up one morning and realized my future is out there. I want to see everything I can while I still have the ability to do it.” Margie replied.
“But your house?”
“Your friend. The new girl. She bought it clean and clear. I guess the whole doctoring thing pays just as good as they say it does.” Margie replied with a grin.
“I suppose,” Sadie said, hugging the older woman she'd gotten used to seeing nearly every single day. “You take care of yourself.”
As the two women hugged for a moment, Sadie found a part of herself that wanted to go along. Just to see what else was out there. But the inner voice within her spoke otherwise. Jacento was her home.
“I will. You do the same.” Margie replied, turning to board the airship and begin her own adventure of a lifetime.
“You're going to miss your flight.” Sadie said, approaching the strange looking man whose skin was as white as a glimmering star at night.
“I figure I'll stay for just a spell,” the man replied. “My good buddy here seems to like the place well enough.”
Reaching down, he began to stroke a soft hand through the hairs of his companion. A very muscular shepherd dog, its own appearance quite different as it was solid black in color.
“Aren't you going to ask?” he asked.
“About?” Sadie questioned.
“My appearance,” he replied. “Usually people immediately want to know why I look so different.”
“None of my business.” Sadie replied.
“Interesting.” he said.
“Why is that?” she asked.
“Well, I just wish that everyone had your outlook on things. It'd certainly make my life a lot easier,” he replied with a smile. “Name's Briton Wells, and, as I'm sure you've already figured out, I'm pretty much the palest man on the planet.”
“Sadie Harbrook.” she replied with a handshake and a wide smile.
“Well, Sadie Harbrook, are you spoken for or may I buy you a drink?”
It was normally her way to string a man on for great lengths of time, interested or not. But in the case of Briton Wells, she wanted to know more. Sadie would never admit that, of course, but she wanted to know the story behind a man so interesting.
“One drink.” Sadie replied.
“Plenty of time to get to know one another a bit better.” Briton replied with a gentleman's smile. Slowly easing a mental grip around Sadie and planning to do far worse than that, when the timing was just right.

Claire wanted to research the genetics of the strange looking man, just as she'd intended. But as she arrived back to her new home, Claire found it had been thoroughly tossed. Sheets laying on the floor, her own personal affections dumped nearby and a complete mess left by whoever had been there.
Pulling her small pistol, Claire did what she could to remain calm. Just as she'd been trained to do. Easing herself through the small house and making sure that it was completely empty before dropping her guard a bit.
Emotions overtook her as she began to cry a bit. Anger. Fear. A need for answers when it came to the mysteries of Jacento.
During her cry, Claire began to laugh a bit as well. Realizing one of the very few things that had went untouched was her small stack of books. Understanding exactly why Daniel had chosen to communicate through the forgotten art of paper and pencil. Those with hidden agendas rarely gave a second thought to the classics.
Almost nobody cared for books any more.
The books which laid out blueprints of the devices that were needed, perhaps, but no one gave a damn about a world that was. It had become as much of history to most folks as the ancient Egyptian races and their pyramids. Most folks lived in the now, dedicating none of their time to learning from the greatest literary scholars our past had to offer.
Daniel had chosen Walden for a reason. In one sense, it was the gateway into a man's soul. His true purpose for being here, revealed within the pages that were scribed hundreds of years before. And it had also become the gateway into the group of folks who questioned authority and believed with their own eyes, not the eyes of media which could be used to persuade them as puppets.
Claire laughed as she realized the very secrets her intruders were after, remain safely hidden inside of a book in plain sight. Scrawled onto pages in such a simple place, that an overbearing dictatorship obsessed with becoming technologically advanced would never find it. They simply cared nothing for simplicity.
Claire began to realize at that very moment, simplicity was the key to her own happiness. Just as it was the backbone of saving Jacento and the people within its walls. To defeat an army of secrets, Jacento needed a war of truth. And it was coming. Claire knew she'd been recruited into something important. She just had no idea how important, or how far the mangled roots of secrecy reached.
Otherwise, she would have chosen her friends a lot more carefully.
Sitting down with a pad of paper and black fountain pen, Claire began to think everything over carefully. She'd originally thought of her husband to be. Planning to write a letter, which would arrive to him by airship. She wanted his heart to be at ease. He worried about her, there was no mistaking that. The least she could do was tell him the truth.
She was alive and well, though falling for another.
But Claire's conscience began to take hold. Pushing her to choose between the men who seemed to play tug of war with her heart. Finally, as her lungs pulled in a very deep breath, Claire began to write. Tears falling a bit.

Dear Eli,
I am thankful for many things in my life. One of the most important is you. I feel that I need to apologize to you for having led you on – if that's the case. I'm engaged to be married. I should have told you this long before now, I know, and it should have been in person. Still, my heart aches with the longing of a man out there who worries for me. Likely thinking the worst.
I am not sure what my heart feels for you at this very moment. I'm sorry to be so harsh with that fact, but I feel that I need to be. I value your friendship dearly, truly I do. But I need to be clear when I say that I'm torn. It would not be fair to the man I've known for so long to simply disappear and hope that he moves on. He deserves better than that.
Likewise, you deserve better than a woman who's heart it somewhere else at times. Nobody deserves that. You are a very special man, Eli, and I can only hope that, with time, you forgive me for this.
But I just need time.
Thank you for understanding. And, equally as important, thank you for saving my life in more ways than one. No matter the outcome, you will always hold a special place in my heart. I mean that.
Your friend,
Claire.

As she wept heavily, Claire managed to pull herself together long enough to place the letter into a fancy envelope. Choosing to spend the next few minutes walking through Jacento and admiring its beauty. Eventually, Claire made her way to Eli's door and placed the letter in his box.

Several days later saw Eli and Hughes finally return to the city they called home. Worn down as usual, but looking forward to resting a bit while surrounded by friends. As each man attached his own zip device to the line going in, Hughes took a moment to look across the large field below. His eyes soaking in the beautiful sunset against a city that towered high above its moat of snapping teeth and growling stomachs.
“Damn, it's good to be home.”

As their ziplines brought them into Jacento's center, Hughes did what he always did. Look for Sadie. There wasn't a single time that he'd arrived back home that she wasn't waiting alongside the gathered crowd to welcome him back. Ensuring he was home safely.
Something was wrong.
“Where is she?” he asked.
“We should talk.” the mayor replied, leading him off to the side a bit.
“About what?” Hughes questioned.
“When the transport came in a few days ago, several of those aboard spoke of a man. A pasty white fellow-”
“What kind of white?” Hughes growled.
“Completely void of color,” the mayor replied. “Sadie's gone missing. Plenty of people saw her leave away with him, but no one has left the city under my orders. I have plenty of soldiers out sweeping for her now, in due time-”
“God dammit!” Hughes barked loudly.
“If you would be willing to help my soldiers look for her, they could use-”
“Fuck them,” Hughes said. “I'm going to find her my damn self. And when I do, I swear to God, I'm going to dismantle that son of a bitch. And you,” Hughes said, grabbing the mayor's dress coat with threatening fashion and pulling him in close. “If you try to bring me up on charges for it when I do. You and I are going to have ourselves a problem.”
“There's no problem between us,” the mayor said. “I want her found just as badly as you do. At all costs and by any means.”
Releasing the mayor's coat with a bit of a shove, Hughes readied himself.
“Where are your men searching?” he asked.
“The north side of the city, at the moment.”
As Hughes walked away, apart from his wits, the only thought concerning him was the safe return of Sadie.
“You're going south. That's the wrong way.” the mayor stated.
“No, I'm going the other fucking way,” Hughes said. “Which is the right way when it comes to covering ground faster.”

Claire had taken it hard as well, being one of the last people to see Sadie. She'd stayed indoors for the most part, with regular visits from Daniel. He'd began investing time in Claire after understanding the strong character inside of her. Eventually she might prove valuable in the search for answers.
As a hand knocked gently against the door, Claire had expected another visit from the inventor who enjoyed questioning those in charge.
“Eli?” she asked.
“This will just take a minute.” he replied.
“I'm very busy at the moment. I am-”
“I plan to have my say.” Eli stated.
“Very well.” Claire replied. Standing a bit firm and waiting for Eli to say whatever he saw fit. Knowing he was entitled to it.
“I wanted to give this letter back to you and wish you luck with it all.”
“You're OK with everything?” she asked.
“I'm devastated, actually,” Eli replied. “But I've learned to hide it well.”
“I'm sorry.” Claire admitted.
“No. Don't be,” Eli said. “You were right about one thing.”
“What's that?”
“I deserve better.” Eli replied.
“That's not fair!” Claire said.
“Do you know what they say about women, no matter beautiful then may happen to be, who rip a man's heart out by way of letter?” he asked.
Claire offered no reply, but looked on with waiting eyes.
“Nothing. Because those are the kind of women who aren't worth talking about,” Eli finally added. “Good day.”
“Wait!” Claire said, dashing behind him under a sky of glimmering stars. “I'm sorry! Is that what you want to hear? Eli, I am truly, truly sorry.”
“You should have told me, Claire,” he replied. “And waiting so long, that was forgiveable. But doing it with paper and ink? That's unforgivable.”
“You're right, I should have told you everything face to face.” she admitted.
“You're damn right you should have.”
“Is there any way to make it right, I don't want to lose a good friend?” she asked.
“Claire, I am your friend. If I could go back to the first moment we met, I would have still pulled you from that box and brought you here,” he replied. “And, unfortunately, I would have still fallen for you.”
“Huh?” she questioned.
“There's nothing about you I don't love. Even the fact that you would break a man's heart through a damn letter – you do it in a way that makes me love you for it. And that's the part that's nearly driving me insane.”
“So you don't hate me?” Claire asked.
“No. In fact,” Eli replied. “I plan to fight for you if it comes down to it. Against my better judgement, I might add.”
“But why?”
“Because you're one of the very few people I've met in this world that's worth fighting for. Besides, my heart won't let me move past it.” Eli replied with truth.
His statement made Claire question everything once more.
“Where are you going?” she finally asked as Eli began walking away.
“You wanted space, I'm giving it to you. Your friend right down the street told me about Sadie. She's worth fighting for, too. I'm going to help my best friend find the girl of his dreams before it's too late. I'd stay and talk, but,” he added. “There's just not time.”
Claire answered his reply with a look of sincerity. Tears trickling down her cheeks and quickly becoming chilled as cold air whipped against the town of Jacento. As did panic and fear, compliments of a cold-blooded killer.




Continue the story:


Zombie Cowboys: Manhunt (2/1/2015)
The city-wide search for Sadie has turned up nothing, but Hughes knows she's somewhere in Jacento. As a cat and mouse game begins between killer and veteran cowboy, Eli will need to enlist the help of some unlikely friends in an attempt to contact the marshal. Meanwhile, the mayor begins his own plans of total control.

