

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or vivid hallucinations suffered by said author, or possibly delusions suffered by the reader; the reader is free to choose whatever answer doesn’t result in a lawsuit.

Conan is the creation of Robert E. Howard and is mentioned only on account of REH’s influence on the fictional character, with no rights implied by the author.

All rights reserved.
Copyright 2014 by Oliver Higgs
This book may not be reproduced in whole or part without the permission of the author, unless remade entirely with Legos by someone wearing a superhero cape, because that would be strangely hilarious.  In fact, if anyone ever does that, I want a picture of it: oliverhiggs@yahoo.com
http://www.thescificritic.com


Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Epilogue
Author’s Note

Chapter 1.
I wake to the squeal of a dying rat.  My stomach responds with an eager rumble: time for breakfast.  The bars of light spilling between the boards on my window paint wide yellow stripes across the crumbling plaster on the far wall.  Lectric is still huddled asleep in his makeshift bed, which means dawn can’t be far gone.  Relying mostly on solar power, he tends to rise soon after the sun, eager to soak up the day’s first rays.
Grabbing my flashlight and crossbow, I climb the ladder down to the hallway that leads to the back room, find the place where the floor caved in and navigate the familiar debris into the narrow sewers below.  To conserve power, I don’t click the flashlight until my boots touch bottom.  Then I stab the beam into the gloom and stare wide-eyed down the corridor.
I’ve never seen anything but rats in this sewer, yet I have a lingering fear something will come charging out of the darkness; some freakish monstrosity long forgotten by the world, wondering who’s been diminishing its furry-footed food supply.  Or a ghost, perhaps.  I don’t believe in ghosts, but I watch for them anyway.  The darkness makes all things possible.
If ghosts do exist, there’d be no shortage here.  This city numbered in the millions before the Fall.  But the sewers, as always, are empty, and my trap sits at the intersection ahead with a rat the size of a small dog lying dead in its entrance.  My own laughter, escaping unintended, shocks me for a moment.  The rats have been getting smaller lately, but this one is a beast.  I should’ve known from the squeal.  Once the trap’s gate snaps shut, the capacitor has a three second discharge, yet the rats are strangely silent during their electrocution.  This one must’ve squealed from the gate snapping shut on its tail, and that only happens when one is too big to fit entirely inside.
I made my first rat trap in my grandfather’s store when I was seven.  Our neighbor used to make these red crayons from wax and ochre, and I remember signing the underside like a work of art, my name in towering capitals: TRISTAN.  I got the voltage wrong and the rat was barely dazed, but I was proud of that first effort.  By now I could make them in my sleep.  I almost never need the crossbow.  Still, it doesn’t hurt to be prepared.  There are always the monsters, after all.  Always the dark.
After making sure it’s dead, I lug my breakfast out by the tail and head back up to the Library.  A shard of broken glass throws back my reflection, and the level of joy on the face within seems downright absurd.  Only madmen wear such faces.  Then again, the whole world’s gone mad; maybe I’m just starting to fit in.  Anyway, it’s a day for rejoicing.  I don’t know what this guy was feasting on in the sewers, but he’s got enough meat on him for any three of his friends.  A good omen.  Maybe Toyota will come today.
I’ll have to reset the trap later–open the gate, set some bait, reset the pressure plate, and crank-charge the capacitor.  But there’s no hurry.  I’m still smiling when I toss the cleaned carcass onto the grill out back.  The grill was made from that old kind of steel that doesn’t rust, even after a century of exposure.  I scored it from some rubble near New Sea.  Now I’ve got it propped on the brick fire-pit out back.  I’ve had to range further into the ruins for wood lately, but it’s worth the effort.  I’ve eaten raw rat before and it’s not much fun.
I click my little electric sparker; soon the meat is sizzling.  Even now, the smell makes me nervous.  The biggest predator in ten miles is probably a coyote just shy of scrawny, but if any passing travelers are ranging in from the desert, the smell might draw them too, and I don’t like strangers.
“Strangers!” I say, and someone laughs.  The joke is that there are only strangers.  Even Toyota doesn’t know where I live.  When I go to meet him, I wait along Big Road, two miles east of the Library.  His seasonal passage amounts to a kind of holiday.  There aren’t many traders that come through these parts, and none I like better than Toyota.
Soon Lectric is whining at the top of the ladder.  He can drop the twelve feet without damaging his hull, but he always sits there whining at the top.  Stupid dog.  He nuzzles my cheek with his metametal nose as I carry him down; then he scampers out back and spreads himself flat on the ground to soak up the sun.  This, to me, is a hilarious position.  He closes his black glass eyes and puts his chin to the ground and looks about as relaxed as any robot can.  He’s scared of rats–and pretty much any organic animal, since one tried to take a bite out of his synthetic hide a while back–but he’s gotten used to the smell.  I put Lectric’s body together myself in the back of my grandfather’s store when I was twelve.  That was three years ago by my reckoning, the same year they burned the village.  I try not to think about that.
“Gonna be good salad today, Lex,” I say.  He ignores me completely, content under the cloudless sky.  While the meat cooks, I go to the sunken garden I’ve hidden in the ruined half of the Library.  This used to be a grand place by the look of things.  Sometimes I wonder what was lost in the rubble.  Given what I’ve found in the other half–the good half, where I make my home–a lot of knowledge likely went up in smoke.  You wouldn’t believe how much work it was to clear the place out, churn up the ground and get it to actually grow things–not to mention keeping out the rats.
I decide to go all out today and throw some tomatoes in with the lettuce and carrots.  It takes two to three months to grow good-sized vegetables from seed and the garden isn’t big enough for me to utilize it every day, but something’s different about today.  I can feel it.
After a nice rat salad, I wrap the leftover meat in a leather cloth, grab my pack and head east toward Big Road.  No point wasting time.  Toyota’s already told me he’ll spend a night along the road up near the Headless King, but I won’t keep him waiting if he’s arrived early.
I reach the King in under an hour, Lectric trotting at my heels, but there’s nobody else in sight.  The headless statue on its bronze horse sits askew amid the rubble of a fallen building, pointing vaguely skyward.  The loss of his head has done nothing to daunt the unknown hero’s spirits.  He looks ready to march into the sky.
This is the sixth day in a row I’ve paid the Headless King a visit.  I can’t be sure about Toyota’s timing–or if he’s even still alive for that matter, but unless his trip has gone horribly wrong, I should see him one day soon.
To pass the time, I hunt the ruins.  Almost everything is rubble in this part of the city.  Still, you turn over the right stone and there’s no telling what you’ll find.  Lectric can be helpful in that regard.  He’s equipped with a built-in metal detector, so when he feels something’s worth digging for, he starts yapping excitedly.  His instincts are pretty good too.  He does have instincts, despite what you may have heard.  Lectric’s not made of meat, but he’s as alive as any other dog and no less loyal.  Today he doesn’t yap for squat, but that’s not surprising.  We’re really just killing time, waiting for Toyota.
I range another mile east until I can see New Sea from the top of a familiar rubble-strewn hill.  The bones of a fallen skyscraper cut a rusty gray-brown jetty two hundred feet into the water.  Other broken monoliths of the dead city rise here and there, like idols of a fallen god.  I can’t say why, but I’ve always found it peaceful here.  Much of the dead city looks like nothing more than an enormous junkyard, but watching the rusting giants sink glacially into the lapping ocean tends to remind me instead that one little life isn’t so important in the scheme of things–and I find that comforting; it makes the losses easier to accept.
I’m about to turn away when Lectric starts whining, looking at the water.
“Coolant?” I ask.
He nods, a very human motion, and wags his stubby tail.  Lectric can’t sweat or salivate.  He soaks up the sun for power but sometimes the heat in the air is too much, and he has to pee coolant out of a tube between his legs.  Apparently he did that when I wasn’t looking because now he trots down to the shore, stands on a broken road beneath a sign reading “Mississippi River Recreation Area” and bends his head to the water, sucking it up.  It’s saltwater and I’ll have to flush his system to clean it at some point, but it’ll do for now.
Back at the Headless King, Toyota still hasn’t shown himself, so maybe I was wrong.  Maybe today isn’t the day.  I lay with Lectric in the bed of an abandoned truck and waste another hour reading Volume Four.  It’s falling apart and a replacement would be impossible to find, so I’m very careful with it.
My eight Conan graphic novels were definitely my best find in the Library.  I can’t tell you how many times I’ve read them.  I’m missing volumes seven, nine, eleven and twelve, but what can you do?  I like a lot of the novels I’ve found about the world before Fall–books about daily struggles in a world where kids go to school and cars aren’t just old abandoned husks–but Conan has been my friend through some very dark days.  His adventures in Hyboria have sustained me in a way no food possibly could.
It must be four o’clock when Lectric jumps up and stares intently up the road.  He has good hearing, and soon there’s movement toward the horizon.  I fumble for my spyglass.  It’s an old one from my grandfather’s store, a keepsake of sorts.  Through the spyglass I spot something, but for a second I’m unsure: is that Toyota?
Two white oxen are trudging along Big Road, kicking up dust that has settled over the old stones beneath the broken asphalt.  They’re pulling a large wooden wagon with a black-haired man in the driver’s seat.  He’s got a pair of round black goggles strapped to his head and a dusty tan poncho over a rugged gray shirt and jeans.  To his right walks an armored robot, eight feet tall and gleaming black.  Attached to the robot’s right forearm is a wickedly curving blade.  In its left hand is a machine gun.
That same robotic guard was with him on the way north–it’s definitely Toyota.  It’s the oxen that have thrown me.  Putting away the spyglass, I stand up and wave and smile as he approaches, trying to make my intentions clear.  I don’t want his ‘bot to mistake me for a threat.
Lifting his goggles, Toyota stands in the wagon and gives a big wave, then sits again, almost pitching forward as the wagon hits a bump.  I can’t control the smile on my face as he finally rumbles to a halt in front of me.  Maybe I shouldn’t be this happy to see someone I’ve only met a few times, but he’s the first person I’ve seen in three or four months and the first I’ve talked to in, I don’t know, six.  Come to think of it, the last person I talked to before Toyota–was Toyota.
Browsing his wares makes me feel like a king.  I’ve had dreams about things showing up on his wagon.  Once I had a dream he came rolling up and my grandfather and old friends were under the tarp, and they climbed out because it turned out they weren’t burned and murdered corpses decaying beneath the ash of our village–oh no, they were fine–and they came to live with me in the Library.  Dreams like that making waking hard.
Toyota hops down from his wagon and clasps my forearm, laughing.  He calls me something that sounds like, “Yow Show Tchi!” though that’s not quite right.  It means “Little Luck” in some god-forsaken language from a city-state far to the southwest.  Toyota means it as a compliment.  His own name has auspicious origins, being some kind of travel symbol from the World Before.
I first met Toyota a few months after settling in the Library.  I was thirteen and he was heading north with little more than the pack on his back.  He got lucky somewhere up there and came back riding a horse.  Next trip, the horse was pulling a wagon.  The way north is dangerous, full of roamers, radiated wastes and god-only-knows what else, so when you get a bit of luck, you don’t want to take any chances by letting it go unappreciated.
And apparently, that luck has held up.
“Toyota, look at these beasts!  You trade in your horse?  A bigger wagon too?  Crom, what’d you find up there, man?  A mountain made of gold?”
“Toyota has his tricks, eh Yow Show Tchi?  What in north not in south.  What in south not in north.  Nobody want to cross z-line.  Nasty business.  Drive up price.  Oh, but be careful who you bargain with, that real trick, eh?  But wait, wait, you see what I find!”
I’ve heard the z-line is no joke, though I’ve never been that far north myself.  I don’t range more than a day or two into the desert, always staying close enough to return to a sure source of water.
When Toyota jumps down and pulls back the dusty tarp covering his goods, I forget everything else.  I’m in heaven.  Almost everything he brought north has been replaced by some foreign treasure.  There are a few newly made goods but a lot from before the Fall as well.  Immediately I spot a dozen electrical components I know I could use; a box full of resistors, a small motor, batteries, servos for smaller robots (Lectric’s won’t last forever).  But all this is nothing compared to what Toyota pulls out of a locked chest in one corner of the wagon …
A brand-new, dormant-state Tritium-Three Neural Embryo.
I breathe a curse.  Toyota laughs.  It’s a rarity all-right, the most advanced small-scale robotic brain in existence.  Wire a Tritium-Three to any sufficiently advanced body and you’ve basically just given life to a baby robot.  Give it an eight-armed body and it will learn to use eight arms–but that takes more neural space, lowering its end-state intelligence.  Give it something more manageable and it will develop a complex personality with enough intelligence to rival or even surpass most humans.
Lectric uses a Spark 2100 Neural Embryo, yielding limited awareness.  He can understand a few commands but not complex language.  Compare that to the non-sentient variety, like Toyota’s bodyguard–highly lethal, capable of recognizing friend from foe, yet totally controlled by pre-programmed software.  Lectric might be scares of rats, but at least he makes his own choices.  To prove it, he peed on me one morning while I slept.  I mean, it was only warm water, sure, but there was just no reason to do that.
  Developing a robot through the brain-embryo method is the only known way to achieve sentience.  You can’t just turn one on and load it up with data.  They have to wire themselves through experience, just as a normal brain does.  That’s the real secret to the life inside them.
Of course, there’s no way in hell I can afford a Tritium-Three.  Well, maybe if I trade everything I have, because I do have some valuables.  But an advanced brain needs an advanced body, with pain receptors and tactile support.  And even if I had one, what then?  I’d have an extremely advanced robot with the mind of an infant, in need of constant monitoring.  What would I say when it grew smart enough to ask why I’d created it?  I was lonely?  I built you for fun?  Answers like that can get you killed.
So no, I will not be trading for it.  Still, it’s hard to pull my eyes away.
“Amazing, Toyota.  This is amazing.  But I can’t afford it.  I’ll take these resistors though, these two circuit boards … I like these servos but this one looks pretty beat-up.  Have you tested it?”
“Yow Show Tchi, you wound my heart.  Toyota test everything!  He no cheat you.”
“I don’t think you would, but look at it …”
We haggle.  I tell him why everything is junk.  He tells me why everything is gold.  I put some things in my pile and throw some things back.  I’m mostly good on food but I do pick up seeds for new vegetables.
Then it’s my turn for show-and-tell.  I open my pack and pull out wonders.  Gold coins from the rubble of a fallen house.  Fresh tomatoes from my garden.  An extra canteen.  Detailed toy soldiers from the World Before.  An antique watch.  A small hand-cranked generator, rat traps and electric fire-starters of my own design, built specifically for trading.
Then it’s a question of what should be given for what.  I put together bundled proposals and we end up with a deal neither of us are quite happy with but one we can both accept.  In the process of sealing the deal, Toyota offers to cook up a desert fox killed by his bodyguard for an impromptu meal.  He breaks out a small grill.  When the meat is done, he offers me a leg and we sit on the edge of his wagon to eat.
Toyota shows me some honey-wine made by monks in an enclave east of New Sea.
“This all they make!  Very good wine.  Trade to everyone who come.  Oh, my wife gonna be happy to see this.”
He talks about bringing the oldest of his three children on his next trip north, but its god-awful dangerous and his wife doesn’t want the boy to go.  He decides he might wait another year.
When the meal is done and our respective items have been gathered, I’m struck by a strange, fluttering anxiety.  I’ve always been a loner, even back in the village, and I’m dead-sure I don’t need anyone.  Ever.  For anything.  Still, it shames me to admit that it’s sometimes nice to talk to someone who isn’t a robotic dog.  But as our business winds down, I can’t think of any reason Toyota should stay–I have nothing left to trade.
Toyota climbs into his wagon and signals his robotic bodyguard, which begins moving up the road.  In moments, I’ll be alone again.  I want to say something, only I don’t know what.  He pulls his black goggles back down over his eyes and then stands smiling for a moment with his fists against his sides.
“Yow Show Tchi, I tell you last time: if luck keep up, I find something just for you.  Toyota keep his promise.”
And then he tosses me something straight out of a dream.  I catch it by instinct, and I simply cannot believe what I’m looking at: Conan’s grim face above a bloodied sword and piled corpses.  Volume Seven.  Is this a trick?  A delusion?
Words fail me.  I would’ve traded everything in my pack just for this, and Toyota knows it.  I’ve buried something of myself in these graphic novels.  Finding a new one is like having a piece of myself returned to me.  Toyota sits down laughing and urges the two white oxen forward.  As the wagon rumbles over the road, I’m slack-jawed, frozen.  I need to say something.  Nothing comes out.  What does he want for this?  I can’t give him Lectric.  The wagon continues forward, leaving me baffled.
“Toyota!” I manage.  He looks back, craning his head to one side.
“Find something good.  I see you next time!” he shouts.
Suddenly it’s hard to breathe.  There’s a pressure behind my eyes.  Find something?  What could possibly pay for this?  Yet the request was almost an afterthought.  He’s giving it me, this treasure, this irreplaceable rarity.  I try to remember the last time anyone gave me anything.  Crispin, perhaps, before the soldiers came.  Or my grandfather?  No.  It was Annabel.  Annabel Lee.  I drown the memory.  I stuff it under layers of mental strata.  Best not to look there.
Volume Seven.
The walk home is something wonderful.  The ruins hold an intricate beauty, bathed in the red glow of the sinking sun.  Every shadow is artfully arranged.  A smile sticks to my face.  I have to stop twice to make sure I didn’t somehow forget my prize.  I keep reaching back to feel the bulk inside the pack.  I think about the ritual I’ll go through while reading it.  I’ll hand-crank enough power for a dim bulb.  But I must read the book slowly.  Very slowly–to make it last.  Maybe only one page a night.  After all, it may be the last new volume I’ll ever find.  The last in existence, for all I know.  How many more can there be?  Or maybe up north there’s a whole factory full.  Maybe there were others and Toyota didn’t bother grabbing them.  Who knows?
And there ahead is the Library’s sturdy white facade, only half-standing but still the best shelter for miles around.  Lectric has been trotting ahead.  For some reason, he stops within sight of our home.
“What …”
Belatedly, I notice he’s growling.  Something is wrong.  A sudden panic floods my senses.  I’ve let my guard down.  What was I thinking?  Blind idiot!  I’ve been in a Conan-induced delirium.  Are there raiders near?  A roamer?  Not this far south, surely.  What then?
The light.
There’s a light flickering on the wall through one of the Library’s broken windows.  Oh God, is it burning?  Not again!  No.  It’s a controlled fire.  And is that laughter echoing from within?  Dear Crom, someone’s inside.  Calm down, Tristan.  Calm down.  They haven’t seen me.  Probably just some traders or travelers passing through.  Or bandits.
They’ll find my grill, my traps, my barrels of water.  They’ll know someone’s been living here.  Will they burn my supplies?  How many are they?  I need to know these things.  At least I brought my crossbow.  It’s a good thing Lectric was paying attention or I might’ve strolled right inside.  Hey Guys.  Nice to meet you.  Oh, my life?  Sure, take it!
The safest thing, I decide, is to hide under some rubble within sight of the Library.  There’s plenty of big pieces with shadows to conceal me.  Then I can wait out the night and see if they leave in the morning.  If not, things could get complicated.  But perhaps first I should creep a little closer and try to get a look at them, see how many there are.  How well-armed.  I could–
“Drop the crossbow or you’ll be breathing through the back of your head.”
The voice is soft, unlike the barrel pressed to my skull.
Chapter 2.
My first thought is a non-verbal oh-shit-I’m-dead kind of thing.  I have a terrible fear of guns, at least when they’re aimed in my direction.  When you depend entirely on yourself, having someone else determine whether you live or die with a single twitch of their finger brings a soul-crushing fear.  I should be angry, but I’m too scared for anger.  Or maybe I’m just a coward.  As if to confirm this, an uncontrollable tremble sets into my limbs.
Even so, another part of me is as calm as unstirred ashes.  My mind has split in two, and the second part knows I’d be dead already if that was my ambusher’s intention.  I drop the crossbow.  Lectric is growling in a demonic voice I didn’t even know his speakers could make.
“Tell the ‘bot to stay,” my captor says.
“Lectric, stay.  Stay, boy.  Stay.”
Lectric stays.  When I built him, I didn’t give him any special defenses, though he does have some sharp metal claws, if things get desperate.
My assailant picks up the crossbow and backs away a few steps.
“Who are you?” he asks.
“I live here.  Who are you?”
“What’s your name?”
“Tristan.  Can I turn around?”
“No.  And put your hands on your head.  What are you doing here?”
“I told you, I live here,” I say, putting my hands on my head.
“In that building?”
“Yes.”
“Who else lives there?”
“Just Lectric.”
“The bot?  Nobody else?”
“Nobody else.”
He’s silent a moment.  Is he deciding to kill me?  I didn’t even get to read Volume Seven.
“Send your bot ahead.  We’re going inside.”
“Lectric–go.  Home, boy.  Home.”
Lectric whines at me, then trots ahead.  We start walking.
“Does he have a shutdown code?”
“No, he’s self-aware.  He’s not a threat.  Don’t hurt him.”
“Shut up.”
Am I talking too much?  I wish I was more like Conan.  He never gets taken unawares, and if he does, he starts killing things.  If it was him in my place, he’d whirl around and cut this asshole in half.  Then he’d climb through the window and pounce on anyone inside.  Of course, there’d be some half-naked women involved too.  But I’m just Tristan, fifteen-year old pushover.  Didn’t even hear him coming.  If I wasn’t so afraid, I’d be swearing at myself.  Should I try something?  Despite our proximity to the Library, I have time for a thousand different thoughts before we get there.
Lectric enters ahead of us.  There’s a mild uproar.  Then I come in and things go quiet.  A guy and a girl are sitting by a small fire in the middle of the Library’s largest undamaged room.  They’ve piled bricks in a rough circle to control the blaze, apparently not happy with my fire-pit out back.  Both are roughly my age.  The guy looks a few years older.  And is it weird that the first thing I really notice in the middle of all this is the tight interplay of the girl’s smudged white shirt against the roundness of her small breasts?  Human nature, I guess.  
In the same breath, I become aware of a dozen other things.  A gun in a leather holster on the boy’s left hip.  The girl’s shoulder-length blonde hair.  The insignia sewn into the boy’s leather jacket: an X made from a shotgun and a scimitar, circled by flames.  The girl’s downcast face.  The fire painting everything orange and black …
And a third teen, who I didn’t see at first.
He’s leaning against one wall, steeped in shadow, arms crossed, one leg bent so that his heel is flat against the wall behind him.  His head is shaved down to stubble.  His jaw is square.  His gray eyes are cynical, malevolent: it’s all a joke, they seem to say.  He doesn’t wear an insignia.  He doesn’t need one.  A bandolier crisscrosses his chest in a parody of the X on his companion’s patch, and he’s wearing an actual shotgun and scimitar strapped across his back.  I can see the handles protruding above his shoulders.
Kill him.
This is my first thought.  Strange, isn’t it?  Sometimes our instincts are better than we give them credit for.  Upon seeing me, the guy by the fire becomes calm, steady, prepared for anything.  But the one against the wall has a strange gleam of anticipation in his eyes.  He wants chaos to ensue.  When the girl looks up, her blue eyes go wide.  Parched red lips part in surprise.
“What’s this, Fin?” the guy by the fire asks, measuring my worth.  Right away, I know he’s the leader.
“Our missing tenant.  Found him creeping up with his dog.  Had this on him,” my captor–Fin?–says, putting my crossbow on the ground and shoving it with his foot.  The leader examines the crossbow and stands up.  He asks the same questions Fin did.  Then he says:
“What’s in the pack?”
Fin starts rummaging through my pack in answer.  I’m worried he’s going to take Toyota’s gift, but he’s only checking for weapons.  He pulls out my bolts and tosses them toward the crossbow.  He examines the spyglass but stuffs it back inside.
“Mostly ‘tronics and some kind of book,” he concludes.
“More ‘tronics, huh?  Where’d you get all this equipment?” Ballard asks, jabbing his thumb at the Library’s main desk, which serves as my workstation.  Scattered across it are half-built traps, experimental circuits and unused electrical components.
“I scavenge for parts in the ruins,” I explain.
“How about upstairs?  You’ve got traps, generators, all kinds of crap.”
“Some of it I built.  I’m good with electronics.”
He grunts, bemused.  I get the feeling he doesn’t know what to make of me.  I guess you don’t find many lucid strangers living alone on the edge of the wasteland.  I myself once encountered a hermit with a shock of white hair in a crumbling house to the north.  When I waved at him, he screamed and ran.
“Good with electronics, huh?  Okay.  I’m Ballard, Tristan.  That’s Finnigan behind you.  This is Echo, and that’s Cabal,” the leader, says.  The girl, Echo, just stares at me.  She has a three-inch scar along her left cheek.  For some reason I find it hard it to look at her.
“Now we’re acquainted.  Would you like to take a seat?” Ballard asks.
As if I had many options.  I sit by the fire.  Finnigan comes around.  He’s maybe seventeen–dark hair, dark eyes, bronze tan.  He’s holding a long-barreled pistol, possibly a particle-packet weapon.  A hunting rifle is slung across his back.  He’s no longer pointing a weapon at me, but the apparent civility does nothing to reassure me.  If anything, it makes me more nervous.  Honest threats I can understand.  Smiles and secret intentions amplify my paranoia.
“So.  How is it that you live out here alone, Tristan?” Ballard asks.
I shrug.  He has to repeat the question.  I try to focus on Ballard but I keep glancing at Cabal, the one by the wall.  His half-smile and glittering gray eyes unnerve me.  He knows it too.  He drifts slowly along the wall until he’s somewhere behind me, and not seeing him is even worse than seeing him.
“I, uh ... I’ve been here three years,” I say, trying to see through the back of my head.
“Not really what I asked.  Are you from Cove?”
“Cove?  No.  No, I hate Cove.”
Ballard’s eyebrows shoot up.
“That so?” he asks.
I nod.  Why is he asking me all this?  I notice black body armor beneath his leather jacket.  Fin sits down with us and warms his hands by the fire; the night outside is turning cold.
“What do you have against Cove?  ‘The last great hope of freedom and equality in the new world.’  Isn’t that what they say?  They want to reinvent America.”
“They burned my village,” I say.
Ballard chortles.
“I guess they’re staying true to their intentions then,” he says.
All three of the guys laugh, like he’s made a clever joke–but not Echo.  Her wide blue eyes stare at me through the orange glare of the fire.  Suddenly Ballard stops and looks at her.
“Wait.  Do you know him, Echo?” he asks.
Slowly, she shakes her head, though her eyes continue to stare.  After a moment, Ballard shrugs.
“Must have been one of those towns further south, huh?  Well, Tristan, Cove’s made more enemies than just you and Echo here.  The real question is: how do you feel about Foundry?”
“Foundry?”
Did Cove burn more than one town three years ago?  Stupidly, I’d never wondered about that.  I guess some tragedies are so personal that it feels like you’re the only one they could ever happen to.  The fact that such terrible things might happen all the time seems too cruel and senseless to be true.
“Yeah.  You’ve heard of Foundry?” Ballard asks.
“A little,” I say.
Actually, I’ve heard they’re ruled by a bloodthirsty dictator with cybernetic limbs; that he hosts gladiatorial games, crushes men with his bare hands, and has working oil rigs.  Toyota has been there.  Other than that, not much.
“Well, you’re about to join their army,” Ballard says, stopping my brain from working.  He laughs at my expression.  I can’t speak.  Join the army?  The words don’t make sense.
“I wanted to make sure you weren’t some kind of lookout for Cove, because that’s what my superiors are going to ask when they get here.  And you’d better hope they believe you.  Are you hearing me, Tristan?  We’re not raiders.  Not anymore, anyway.  We’re scouts for Foundry.  There’s an army headed this way.”
An Army.  Headed this way.  Nope, not making sense.
“We’re going to burn Cove to the ground,” Fin says grimly.
“I can’t–I can’t join Foundry’s army.  I live here.  This is my home,” I try to explain, because they don’t seem to understand.  Don’t they know I can’t possibly leave?  Behind me, Cabal laughs.  The sound is surprisingly girlish.
“Not anymore,” Ballard says, though he’s not without sympathy.  Unbelievably, he leans forward and claps me on the shoulder, like we’re friends now.  He’s robbing me of my home and utterly changing my life, but it’s cool, we’re friends.
“The thing is, we need people like you.  People good with ‘tronics,” he explains.  “And anyway, I can’t let you go.  I’d have to kill you.  Do you understand?  I can’t leave you behind because the army would find you, and I’d suffer for letting you slip through the cracks.  But I can’t send you ahead either, because you could warn Cove we’re coming.  So you see?  I’m doing you a favor, Tristan.”
I just stare at him.
“It’s really not so bad,” Ballard goes on.  “If you can make those generators, you’ll make good pay.  Better than most of us, anyway.  And you don’t have to live alone in a rat-hole like this.  Don’t worry.  You’ll get used to it.  Drink?”
He takes a flask from Echo and holds it toward me.  I’m staring at it without seeing it.  Doing me a favor, he says.  I’d like to put a favorable hole through his head.  But Fin is watching me with a hunter’s eyes, while Cabal is somewhere behind me with his shotgun and scimitar.
The flask is still out.  I shake my head.  And I was so thrilled about Volume Seven …
“Do I get to keep my books?” I ask.
Ballard and Fin look at each other, bemused.  Fin chuckles.
“If you can carry them,” Ballard says.
We’re up a while longer.  Ballard tells some kind of story about Foundry, but I can’t concentrate.  I’m being drafted into some city-state’s army?  The whole idea is absurd.  And they’re already headed for Cove–we could all be dead in weeks.  Come to think of it, Toyota was moving south, probably straight toward Foundry’s troops.  I hope they don’t steal his stuff.  But he knows how to handle himself.  Hell, he’ll probably trade and come out ahead.  There’ll be three white oxen next time.
At some point, Ballard stands up.
“Tristan?  Don’t take this the wrong way, but I’m going to cuff you to that pole for the night.  I don’t want you getting any bad ideas while I’m asleep.  Bad ideas get people killed, understand?”
Conan would tell him he was welcome to try, then smash his face in.  I nod vaguely instead.  My left wrist is cuffed to an old metal railing attached to the wall.  Way to go, Tristan.  Way to go.
Of course, it’s impossible to sleep–which would be true even without the restraint.  Eventually I slump into a sitting position, my pack forming a bulky cushion behind me, and watch the fire burn down to coals.  Lectric curls up beside me, whining now and then.  Ballard and Echo retire to one corner of the room, maybe twenty feet away.  Then I notice they’ve dragged my bed out of my room to sleep on.
The indignity of this simple act appalls me.  I was lucky enough to salvage a halfway decent mattress from the ruins of an old house, and these–these people–are using it!  This is my house.  That’s my bed.  Why am I the one cuffed to the wall?  I’m still scared for my life, but in the darkness I nurse my anger, and it proves volatile.
Fin and Cabal have their own sleeping bags in other corners of the room.  Apparently the scouts feel safer staying in one room.  Fin lays down holding his pistol across his chest, but Cabal goes outside to take watch.  I assume he’ll be in the Spire–the remains of a crumbling eight-story building a block from the Library.  The Spire is no good to sleep in but the stairs are still mostly intact.  It offers the best vantage point for miles around.
Ballard and Echo are in my bed now, but they’re not exactly going to sleep.  Their constant shifting and soft sounds become impossible to ignore.  Privacy is not much of an issue for them.  I don’t know why, but it makes me even angrier.  I couldn’t even look at Echo when we sat by the fire.  Why?  Because she’s the first girl I’ve seen in three years?  Because I wanted her from the first peripheral glimpse?  Or because she reminds me of …
No one.  She reminds me of no one.
But memories are closer in the darkness, and soon it’s all breaking open.  The dead are rising from the grave of my mind.  Berkley, Crispin, Annabel.  My best friends.  My grandfather’s electronics store.  The raiders.  The army.  The flames.
Don’t think of it.
There’s a war in my head as the past tries to break through all I’ve layered on top of it.  Everything I’ve done for three years has only been to stabilize what was destabilized that night.  And now this too is being taken away.  I can’t let it happen.  I can’t.
I’m apparently rocking and muttering to myself, on the verge of some kind of emotional breakdown, when I glance up and see Cabal staring at me from the open doorway.  Pale moonlight surrounds him like a halo.  He makes a sound that’s not quite a laugh, then just shakes his head: pathetic.  Fin is the next to take watch.
The night passes in a dark malaise.  I’m ashamed and angry at myself for becoming what I am–this helpless thing cuffed to the wall.  This victim.  My own harsh judgments defeat me further.  It’s possible I fall asleep.  The next thing I’m aware of is the bluish predawn light and the girl sitting up in bed, staring at me.  In that hazy state between sleep and dream, before the mind shutters itself in defense, I see her–really see her–for the first time.
She’s pulled out a thin steel-link necklace previously hidden beneath her ragged white shirt, and she handles it absently while her wide blue eyes imprison me.  The dead certainty of it hits me like cold water: I know her.
Her hair is shorter, messier.  Her clothes are different.  She has new scars and she’s older, taller, curvier.  I didn’t see it in the fear and firelight last night.  But those are her eyes, her lips, her mole on her right cheek.  How could I have missed it?  She’s been dead for three years, yet here she sits, looking at me.
Annabel Lee.

Chapter 3.
Farmington had been lucky enough to escape major damage from the Big One, along with the aftershocks and the ensuing chaos of the Fall.  The population itself was not so lucky, having been mostly wiped out by the Synth-Z plague.
My grandmother’s grandfather had been a child at that time, and his family had run a small market in the village.  As the climate changed, the crops failed and most farmers could barely feed their own.  When my grandfather wandered in from his travels with all kinds of oddities and electronics, he converted my family’s ailing market into a ‘tronics-heavy general store.  That was the store I grew up in.
I never knew my father.  He’d been born in Farmington and spent a reluctant life there.  When my mother was four months pregnant, he found a rare treasure of Old America.  He knew he’d get the best price for it in Cove, though my mother had always said that was just an excuse to make the journey.  He’d had a piece of his own father in him, the wandering piece, and it’s god-awful hard to stay trapped in one small village your whole life when you have the soul of a wanderer.
The problem was he never wandered back.  Illness?  Bandits?  Wild animals?  No idea.  My mother was adamant that he didn’t intentionally abandon us.  They really did love each other, I guess.  Or she loved him, at least.
My mother herself caught the Wheezing Sickness and passed away when I was seven.  Even before that, I was mostly raised by my grandfather, Bacchus.  Often I’d fall asleep on the bench in the back our family’s store after experimenting with some new piece of equipment.  My grandfather knew a dozen ways to make batteries.  He also made generators, various electrical components and some pretty efficient solar cells.
There were only a handful of other kids in Farmginton.  My three best friends were Berkley, Crispin, and Annabel.  Berkley was the most daring of us and the best at fighting.  Crispin was smart but often sickly and overly cautious.  And Annabel was–well, the girl.  The only girl we played with.  Named after some old poem, she was gentle, often quiet, and didn’t like to play the rougher games, but she was a fast runner and an essential part of our group, and sometimes she could be as daring as Berkley.
Although I never thought much about it, she did seek me out more than the others.  Even back then, I was kind of a loner.  I loved my friends, but my favorite activity was ranging.  I’d often spend the whole day combing through abandoned houses in the desert, searching for oddities to bring back to my grandfather.  On many of those trips, I returned at dusk to find Annabel waiting on the edge of town.
Her parents had forbidden her to leave Farmington, but she liked to see what I’d found out there, so often I’d pick up a little something for her.  Once, I found a peculiar necklace, chain-linked steel rings with a black jewel in the shape of a heart, set in a silver circle.  It wasn’t anything valuable, but I knew it was the kind of thing girls like, and what else was I going to do with it?  I gave it to her.  Her face lit up like it was gold.  That was one of the last trips I made before the raiders came.
The funny part is–can you call it funny?–Rodrick’s Raiders were the lesser evil.  They knew villages like ours weren’t worth the trouble.  Sometimes they even traded with us.  Mostly they waylaid rich caravans leaving nearby city-states–Cove, for instance.
Apparently Rodrick’s group had made themselves too much of a nuisance, however, or perhaps some Coven politician had been out to prove a point.  All I know is one day their whole band showed up in our town, retreating east in a hurry.  Some were injured and all were hungry and armed.  What else could we do?
We fed them and boarded them and treated the injured, not because we wanted to, but because to refuse point-blank could’ve been group-suicide.  The goal was to give them what supplies we could afford in the hope that they’d move on quickly and avoid burning the farms on the way out.
But the army from Cove didn’t see it that way.  Rodrick’s Raiders had moved on by then, but a few of the injured had stayed behind and tried to hide.  They failed in that regard.  Worse yet, the raiders had been eating all the food ahead of the army and laying traps along the road.  So into our village came a maimed, half-starved, angry group of armed men.  Do I have to spell out the rest?  We were aiding the enemy–what did they care for our reasons?  There was too much fuel for a fire, both literally and figuratively.
I escaped the desolation.  My grandfather and most of the others did not.  Those that lived probably fled to Cove or starved in the wastes.  After I couldn’t find anyone to shelter with, I didn’t stick around to find out.  The one thing I can say is that I did find Lectric in the ruins of my grandfather’s store.  He’d been looking for me there, curiously unharmed.  Together we headed northeast, and here in the ruins I found the rats under the Library.  With meat and water and the tricks I’d learned from my grandfather, I didn’t starve to death–but it was a close thing for a while, I’ll say that much.
Of course, I thought all my friends were dead.  I mean, Cove’s bastard of a commander had herded everyone together for questioning and speech-making before the violence began.  I’m pretty sure I saw Crispin trampled by a horse soon thereafter.  Things were moving very fast, but I have an undeniable image of that event in my head.  Berkley and Annabel–well, Berkley was certainly too brave to live, and when I couldn’t find Annabel in the remains of the village, I knew she was dead too.
Yet I was wrong.
Because the girl sitting up in my bed is wearing Annabel’s face–plus a scar and sad eyes and three years of hard living–and turning in her hand is the very necklace I gave her, with the black heart in the silver circle.
Echo is Annabel.  I make some kind of coughing sound which is actually an attempt to say her name, but she only sinks back into the bed, hiding her face from view.  My first instinct is to start yelling for her or maybe at her, but this sleepy pre-dawn revelation is so bewildering that I can only stare, and then I wonder why she didn’t already talk to me.
Maybe she doesn’t recognize me.  Recently I’ve had to start shaving.  I’m probably taller than I was too.  But still, she must know.  Then doubt sets in: is it really Annabel?  Maybe I’m seeing things.  Her face is hidden now.  But that was the necklace, wasn’t it?  It has to be her.
Ballard returns from watch-duty and wakes Finnigan to hunt.
“Hey Tristan, what the hell do you eat around here?  Circuit boards?” Ballard asks.
“Rats,” I say.
“Nice.  Care to show Fin where to find some?”
I don’t, actually, but I’m hungry, so Ballard un-cuffs me, and I set up some traps in the basement.  I’m still hoping to get out of this somehow, so I avoid revealing my hidden garden.  In three hours, we catch two small rats.  They’re mostly skin and bone.  Fortunately, Fin heads out and comes back with a desert fox.  Ballard shares some of the meat with me.
I try not to stare at Echo/Annabel while we eat.  She avoids looking at me too.  Now and then she glances my way, however, and in that glance is recognition.  I reaffirm her identity in my own mind a dozen times.  Still, she says nothing.
Cabal doesn’t say much either, but now and then he eyes Echo/Annabel.  He has some loyalty toward Ballard, but I sense a petty cruelty waiting just beneath the veneer of civility.
Slowly, very slowly, the day passes.
Foundry’s army is still a few days south.  While the scouts kill time, I look for some means of escape.  I have no desire to be in anyone’s army.  The funny part is: I hate Cove, and if given a choice I might actually consider joining a cause against them … but I doubt Foundry is any better, and the attempt at coercion itself only ensures my antipathy.  Really, I just want to be left alone–but what can I do?  Then Ballard says something during dinner.
“... and after Rodrick’s Raiders broke up, we headed south.”
I haven’t been paying attention, but this part stabs my brain.  A small fire is going again and we’re finishing the fox.  I swallow hard and choke out a question.
“Rodrick’s Raiders?”
“Hmm?  Yeah.  We used to scout for them–me and Cabal.  That’s where we met Fin too.  Cove caught up with Rodrick and hanged him, I hear.  But it was easy living for a span.  Something wrong, Tristan?”
I can’t soften my expression.  A terrible mask has frozen in place.
“No,” I say, and chew the end of a bone for distraction.  It takes everything not to look at Annabel.  One look and it will all spill out.  She’s been running around with scouts from the same group that started the trouble in Farmington?  I grind the bone to bits between my teeth.  The splinters stab into my gums.  The blood tastes like warm copper.  I’ll think of her as Echo, not Annabel.  Annabel is dead.
“You sure?” Ballard asks.
“Hurt my tooth,” I mutter.
“Mmm, yeah, this fox was more dead than alive.  Hard to believe you survived in this shithole.  You’ll do fine in the army, man.”
You think so, do you?  I’m going to mount your head outside the Library.  But no, I’m a coward, and I don’t know how to overcome three armed enemies.  Or four.  Whose side would Echo take?
That night, I’m cuffed to the railing again.  I don’t see this part as being particularly discourteous.  It’s more of a wasteland law: don’t trust anyone who hasn’t already died for you.  But Rodrick’s Raiders–I do take offense to that, even if it was the men from Cove who burned my village.
What little sleep I manage is filled with confused nightmares.  I’m back in Farmington, but when I try to run I’m cuffed to the bench inside my family’s store.  Echo is there, but she’s also someone else.  Her shirt is torn to reveal one breast, and she lights me on fire as she tells me everything will be okay.
Meanwhile, somewhere out in the desert, Foundry’s army draws a little closer.
There are no rats the next day.  No foxes either.  My tomatoes are in the hidden garden, but I’ll be damned if I give my captors a single bite, even if it means I have to starve with them.  It’s a miserable day.
Ballard takes Echo and Fin into the ruins, either to hunt or scavenge, which leaves me with Cabal.  I’m still cuffed to the railing, since they saw no reason it should be otherwise.  Cabal spends the time throwing a large knife at a spot on the wall.  He’s disturbingly accurate, even after he starts sipping something from a flask.  When he’s tipsy, he comes over to talk.
“I know what you are,” he says, smiling, pointing the knife lazily in my direction.
I don’t say anything.  Lectric gives a low growl.
“Ballard thinks Foundry can use you.  But the army can’t use deserters.  And that’s what you are.  I see it in your eyes.  You’ll run the first chance you get.”
Still I say nothing.  Cabal notices Lectric growling and barks like a maniac, following this up with a bout of girlish laughter.  Lectric whimpers.
“You know, I caught a deserter once,” he says confidentially, then gets up and walks away, leaving me to wonder what happened.  Ballard and Echo soon return.  Fin is still out.  Ballard has picked up some broken tech but is otherwise empty-handed.
“Dry as a bone, this city.  At least we should be leaving tomorrow,” he says, flopping onto the bed.  He drops the piece of old tech on the floor next to his travel pack–right next to the keys to my cuffs.
Echo sits demurely on the bed and stares at the floor until Ballard pulls her down.  She curls up sideways, facing away from him.  I can see her face at an angle.  Ballard’s hands roam her body.  Is it just my imagination or is she enduring, rather than enjoying?
Slowly, Echo’s eyes drag toward mine.  She flinches away briefly but then locks on and stares at me.  Her expression is masked, yet her eyes grow watery.  Her left hand slowly tightens, clenching the blanket in a white-knuckled grip.  Ballard’s hand lifts the bottom of her shirt.  A tear escapes her eye.  She makes no sound.
Finnigan bursts into the Library.
“Something’s coming down the road to the east.  I think it’s a roamer,” he says in what, for Fin, must pass for excitement.
“You’re shitting me!” Cabal says, retrieving his knife from the wall.
“This far?  You sure, Fin?” Ballard asks.
“No, could just be some wandering lunatic.  Gotta get closer to see.”
Roamers are rare in these parts.  So rare that I’ve never actually seen one.  A few came close to Farmington once, but all I heard were the gunshots; all I saw were the burnt remains.  If Fin is right about this one, I’m guessing it’s been trailing Toyota all the way from the z-line.  Hopefully it won’t start a trend.
“Check it out and let us know,” Ballard says.
“I’m coming too,” Cabal says, unsheathing his scimitar.  “Finally, a little fun.”
And they’re gone.
In their absence, Ballard’s exploration of Echo’s body becomes more pointed.  I might as well be a painting on the wall.  Echo resumes staring at me, however.  My face feels hot.  There’s an electric tension in the air.  Ballard buries his face in her neck.  She does nothing to stop him.  She does nothing to encourage him.  She might as well be a living doll–except for her clenched hand and the tears in her eyes, which he’s too preoccupied to notice.
I can’t stand watching her, knowing she’s lying next to one of Rodrick’s Raiders.  Knowing she knows it.  How can she do this?  That’s Annabel on my bed, for Crom’s sake.  That’s the necklace I gave her.  How did we get here?
I see them both at once: Annabel in my memory, Echo in the present.  The girl with the shining eyes and blowing hair, the girl with the scarred cheek and cold expression.  Every silent caress of her unresisting body is more appalling than the last.  His touch is an insult to me, to her, to the ashes of our village.  My face has hardened into something terrible.  A demon’s hatred shines from my eyes.  One look at either of us would stop Ballard in his tracks.  But he can’t spare the attention.  His lust absorbs him completely.
Slowly, deliberately, Echo turns her body toward him.  Her eyes stay on me.  There’s some hidden purpose in her silent gaze.  Her right leg comes down over the side of the bed.  Her bare foot lands on the floor beside Ballard’s pack … right on top of the keys.  My eyebrows go up.  She caresses his hair and pulls his head against her neck.
He shifts on top of her, his face hidden from me.  He’s encouraged by the response.  He’s writhing against her now, lifting her shirt higher.  Her body responds, yet here face is as barren as a statue–all except for the eyes.  He kisses her bare stomach, her navel, he’s moaning softly in desire, and then in one calculated movement her right leg shoots swiftly forward, across the floor and up, wrapping around him while she clenches the back of his hair and writhes sensually against his eager mouth.
With that first movement, the keys skitter across the floor.
Ballard’s pack has tipped over too.  He starts to raise his head at the sound, but Echo pulls him back down, whispering an apology, as if she just couldn’t control herself, she hit the pack by accident, and now he fumbles hungrily with the belt of her worn leather pants.
I stare stupidly at the keys.  There’s no way that was an accident.  She wants me to escape.  My heart is pounding.  This is what I wanted, isn’t it?  Yes, idiot, yes!  But now I’m terrified.  I lean forward.  Crom!  The keys are just out of reach.  Naturally.
Lectric gets to his feet beside me, watching curiously.  I jab my finger at the keys–Get Them, Boy.  He tilts his head.  Get The Keys, I mime.  He looks at them.  He looks at me.  Stupid dog.  I should’ve used a Tritium-Beta instead of a Spark 2100.
My pack–there’s got to be something in it I can use.  I reach back, trying not to make a sound, and pull out Volume Seven.  I want to laugh hysterically; Conan may save me after all.  I stretch toward the keys, extending the graphic novel, and cinch them closer.  Got them!
There’s only two keys and they both look the same.  The first one I try opens my cuffs.  Ballard is still ensnared by yearning.  What now?  His pistol in the leather holster lies next to the bed, but it’ll be a struggle to get at.  I don’t know if I can get it out and aim it before he grabs me, and I’m not particularly big for my age.  Yet I need a weapon.
My crossbow?  Across the room with an extra supply pack.  Too far.  Wait.  There’s something closer.  It calls to me from the unused parts scattered across the desk I use as a workstation, no more than ten feet away: the bottom of a partially completed trap.  It’s basically just a capacitor and a resistor wired to two steel nails, secured to a flat board.  The important thing here is that the capacitor is more than half-charged.  Not the safest practice to leave it lying around like that, yeah, but my lack of caution is about to come in handy.
Just like one giant rat …
I move quickly and quietly, grab the board without touching the wires.  I approach the bed from behind, holding the partial trap so the nails are facing down.  My muscles are so tense I can barely breathe.  Echo’s pants are off.  She has nothing on underneath.  The curve of her bare thighs registers in some part of my mind.  Behind me, Lectric lets out a whine.  Ballard is undoing his own belt when he finally senses danger.  He half-turns–
–as I slam the nails into the back of his neck.
Ballard’s back arches.  His upper body goes rigid as a burst of electricity lances through him.  He jerks sideways, rolling into the wall beside the bed.  The board is ripped from my hands.  It bounces off the mattress and clatters to the floor, nails bloody and smoking.  I scramble for the leather holster.  My hands are slow, clunky.  Echo rolls off the bed.  I’ve got the pistol.  I fumble for the safety–is it off?  Is it?
Ballard’s reaching into his jacket-
Oh God, a second gun!  He’s pulling it free.  He’s going to kill me.  His eyes are wide.  His mouth is moving in slow motion.  My finger is squeezing the trigger.  Again.  Again.  It’s an old-fashioned weapon, the kind that shoots bullets, but there’s barely any recoil.
Then it’s over.
There’s blood spattered across the wall behind him.  His pants are wet.  I’m watching his arm, still expecting him to pull out the weapon.  My own hand is shaking.
“Is he dead?”
I have to ask three times before I realize I’m shouting.  Why won’t Echo answer?  Or did she answer already?  Yes, of course he’s dead.  I shot him in the face.  Body armor didn’t help.  I slap his jacket-flap aside, planning to take the second gun, but I can’t find it.  Did it fall?  No.  Then it hits me: there is no second gun.
Is that possible?  He was trying to draw it and shoot.  But there’s nothing.  What the hell was he reaching for?  I saw his arm move.  This is his fault.  He shouldn’t even be here.
Echo’s hands are on my face.  Trying to soothe me?  I look at her.  Shouldn’t she be mad?  Wasn’t that her boyfriend?  Absurdly, she’s still naked from the waist down.  Lectric is barking madly, scurrying around us.
“Tristan,” she whispers.  “Tristan.”
She tries to open my hand to take the gun but I won’t let it go, partly because I’ve just killed someone, but partly because I don’t fully trust it in anyone else’s hands.  Her blue eyes fill the world.  There are tears on her cheeks, but her face is serious, controlled, and then she says it:
“We have to kill the others too.  It’s the only way.”

Chapter 4.
Her words don’t register for a moment.  Kill the others?
Oh, right.  Fin and Cabal.  They’ll be back, and they aren’t going to take this lightly.  Take this lightly?  A tiny compartment of my brain wants to laugh hysterically.  Yeah, they’ll shrug it off.  It’ll be fine.
Echo is right, of course.  She’s thinking while my own thoughts haven’t taken one step beyond the shooting.  I try to kick-start my brain.
“You’re right.  They’ll hear the shots.  They’ll come run-”
“It wasn’t loud enough,” Echo interrupts.
Again, she’s right.  The gun has a suppressor.  Fin’s did too.  After all, if Foundry’s scouts have to kill someone, they may want to do it without alerting half the countryside.  Still, the others will be back as soon as they’ve dealt with the roamer.  They’ve already been gone a little while.
“How are you here?  I thought you were dead,” I say.
“Me?  I thought you were–no.  Listen.  We’ll talk later.  There’s no time now.”
“Right.  We need to leave,” I say.  This is my home but I can’t think about that now.
Echo shakes her head sadly.
“We can’t.  Not yet.  Cabal and Fin will be back soon.  If we leave, they’ll come after us.  They may come right away.  They may wait for the army.  Either way, they’ll hunt us down.  And the fact is they’re better than us.  They’ll kill us.  Tristan.  We can’t leave them alive.”
Her lip trembles, her voice threatens to break, but her eyes are deadly serious.
Aren’t they your friends? I want to ask, but now isn’t the time.  I nod.
Echo looks at Ballard’s body.  She closes her eyes and blocks something out, some memory perhaps, or a whole string of them.  She takes a deep breath.
“I need you to move his body.  We don’t want them to see it through the window,” she says.  Ballard’s body possesses hidden weight.  I drag him heavily off the bed, across the room and through a doorway, leaving him out of sight.  Volume Seven is still on the floor.  I stuff it into my pack and strap the pack back on, fumbling for a moment because I can’t stop shaking.  When I’m done, Echo is crouched by the window with my crossbow, peering out.
The sight of the weapon gives me pause.  I’ve been living alone in a lawless wasteland for three years.  It’s not easy for me to trust someone with a weapon, even if that someone is Annabel Lee, the girl who waits in the desert.  She’s found the bolts with the supply pack and is figuring out how to load them.
“We’d better trade.  I’ve never used one of these,” she says.
We trade weapons.  My crossbow’s familiar grip gives me comfort.  Echo presses a button on the side of the gun.
“This is a machine-pistol, you know.  Fully automatic.  You had it in semi.”
“Oh.”
I don’t know much about guns.  Echo has apparently learned some things in her travels.  I’m still not thinking clearly.  The past few minutes are stuck in a loop in my head, subjected to ceaseless analysis for internal absorption.  The brain is reprogramming itself, trying to make things right with the world.
Echo says we should ambush them as they walk through the door.  They won’t be expecting it.  She keeps watch through a corner of the window while I kneel ten feet from the door.  Now and then there’s a sound outside.  Lectric shifts nervously nearby.  I forgot he was even here.  I have to keep telling myself not to pull the trigger until I see them.  And don’t miss.  Aim, shoot, don’t miss.  Forget about Ballard’s face, the way his left eye came out of the socket as the bullet passed through.
“I see them.  They’re coming.  They’re together,” Echo whispers.  A long minute passes.  She backs slowly away from the window, settling down on my right.  From this position I still have enough room to shoot, and Echo is virtually guaranteed to hit, especially with an automatic weapon.  The odds are stacked in our favor, yet we’re nervous as hell.  What if they sense something’s wrong?  I can’t hold my hands steady.
Why is this happening to me?
Stop thinking.  Aim, shoot.  Don’t run.  Kill.  Conan would do it without a second thought.  I just want to be elsewhere.  Lectric decides to hide beneath the desk.  It was like something from a comic book, Ballard’s eye popping out.
Cabal’s girlish laughter interrupts my thoughts.  Something flutters in the cauldron of my guts.  Echo gives me a terrified glance.  Fin and Cabal are talking as they approach.  Some joke has been made–their last.  The door opens and Fin is a few steps ahead, a smile departing, a trace of humor fading from his face.  He has a split second to register surprise as my bolt penetrates his chest.  A burst of gunfire peppers the doorway, making little puffs of smoke as debris shoots out of the wall around it.  A red flower blooms in Fin’s neck even as he’s knocked off his feet by the sheer force of the bolt.  Cabal is already diving out of sight behind him.
Echo runs forward, shooting.  I load another bolt.  She takes a step outside, firing, but gasps and reverses directions in a hurry.  A shotgun blast eats a chunk out of the doorway, almost taking her head off.  Splinters are lodged in her hair.  She screams a curse, blue eyes shut tight.
I flatten myself against the wall on the left side of the door, glimpsing Cabal behind a boulder outside.  Fin is convulsing on the ground, holding his neck, one boot-heel rhythmically scraping the doorway.  Echo slinks to the window on her right, near the bed.  Outside, Cabal is moving, scrambling.  Echo’s machine-pistol sends a quick burst through the window.
“Got him!” she exults, but when I leave the wall she waves me back.  “Stay inside.  I don’t know if it went through.”
If what went through? I wonder before remembering Cabal is wearing some kind of armored jacket.  Echo peers out and flinches back as a shotgun bites the window-frame.  Fin’s twitches slow like the hands of a dying clock.  He reminds me of a fish flopping on dry land.  The death rattle comes.
Cabal screams at us, says he’s going to kill us.  This is hard to ignore because it’s a real possibility.  I ponder the likelihood of dying here.  Am I ready for it?  No.  But I have to be, just in case.  It feels important.
“Where is he?” I ask.
“Behind that wall,” Echo says.  She’s biting her lip, thinking, worrying–how can we get him?  He has better cover now, a crumbling three-foot wall fifteen feet from the building.  I peer out through the door.  He pops up briefly for a look but I don’t have a shot.  Maybe Echo can keep him pinned while I go out back and circle around.
“Echo-”
A metal cylinder bounces through the door, red light blinking.  Gluefire.
I’m running at Echo.  A shotgun blast comes through the open door in my wake.  I tackle Echo low so that we roll beneath the window as a second shot passes overhead.  We hit the side of the mattress.  I reach over and flip it on top of us, angled to shield us from the place we just left.  The gluefire detonates, washing the room in a sticky mass of burning tar.  Everything is instantly on fire.  It’s Cabal’s best chance to finish us.
I push the burning mattress up and shove it against the open window, grab Echo’s wrist and pull her toward the back hallway, avoiding the molten tar.  A shotgun blast hits the mattress.  Cabal’s probably a foot outside the building now, taking advantage of the distraction, knowing he’s got the advantage.  As soon as that mattress tips, he’ll have us.  As it does, Echo sends a scattered burst at the window.  It gives him pause–there’s no shotgun poking in, but another gluefire grenade bounces into the room just as we reach the hallway.
Something’s missing.
“Lectric!” I shout.  I’m terrified that he’s already dead.  But somehow he comes scrambling after us, unharmed, and I remember him cowering beneath the desk.
“Good boy.”
We pass the ladder leading up to my room and head down the hall to the place where the floor collapsed.  The second grenade goes off behind us.  Cabal’s probably running to cover the rear exit.  Yet there’s something he doesn’t know.
I pause at the edge of the sewer.
“Reach into my pack.  Get the flashlight.”
She finds it.  We descend.  The beam bobs as we jog through the wet, cramped, rat-infested sewers, heavy breath echoing in the darkness.  Monsters, here we come.  The air is thick with moisture and rancid odors.  I pull Echo left at the first intersection, leading her through a maze of tunnels.  I can’t say how far we go.  Half a mile maybe, mostly west.  Then we hit a dead-end with a ladder leading up to a half-covered hole.
I’ve been here before.  In my paranoia and boredom of days past, I’ve explored these sewers for miles around, noting possible escape routes should I meet with another Complete Disaster.  Which is pretty much what this is.
Three years in the Library–gone.  But now isn’t the time for self-pity.  I need to avoid thinking and feeling and remembering.  I climb up, carrying Lectric under one arm.  Echo follows.  We’re in the middle of a broken street, hemmed in by the rubble of collapsed buildings.  Cabal is nowhere in sight.
Echo curses.  Her eyes grow wild.  She starts rambling suddenly about how we should have finished him and he’s going to come after us, and he may get help from Foundry because we killed two of their people.  Cabal terrifies her.  I think that was true even before today.
“Annabel!” I exclaim, seizing her by her upper arms.
The name jolts her.  She flinches as if she’s been hit.
“Annabel Lee,” I say more quietly.  She looks up at me as though I’ve said something terrible, and maybe I have.  The name is a light piercing the darkness where she hides the things that hurt her.  It’s a boulder that starts an avalanche.  Tears come, and they don’t stop.  She stands there shaking, crying, neither moving away nor drawing closer.  Lectric senses her distress and stands on two legs, whining.
“Oh God,” she whispers, and cries more, her muscles rigid with feelings I don’t fully understand.  I don’t know whether to hug her or let her go.  I mean, I’ve just lost my home, but the change is bigger for her.  She did just help kill what appeared to be her boyfriend.  I’m not sure if she did it for me or herself or both, and I can’t say why she did it at all.  I have no idea what’s happened to her in the past three years, let alone the past hour.  Whatever it was, it’s over now, and a new path has been chosen.  Some changes take a lot of tears.
Slowly, her head tilts forward until it touches my chest, but still I don’t actually hug her.  I’m afraid to move.  She sobs in relative silence until the sobbing becomes breathing and dissolves further into almost complete stillness.  Finally she lifts her head, wipes her cheeks, and licks her lips.
“We can’t stay here.  Fin’s a better tracker than Cabal, but the army will be here tomorrow, and he’ll have help.  We need to go, or we need to hide,” Echo says.
“How many are coming?”
“It’s an army, Tristan.  The Black Baron wants Cove.”
“The Black Baron?”
“Tristan!  We can’t waste any time here.”
“Okay, okay, just let me think.  Foundry is to the south, right?  Cove is west.  Why are they even passing through these ruins?”
“West of Foundry is a barren desert.  They’re following New Sea north to stay close to water, but Cove is almost straight west from here, so here is where they’ll turn.”
“And if we go north?”
Echo closes her eyes and pinches the place between them, shaking her head.  She doesn’t want to think or talk any more.  She wants to be somewhere else, or someone else.  Then she heaves a deep breath and looks at me.
“Unless you know somewhere to hide for a few days, north is our only option,” she says.  “Cabal will know that too.  He’ll come after us.  But what else can we do?  The army will head west.  They’re not going to delay for a few–a few dead scouts.  We weren’t even officially part of the army, more of a mercenary group.  But Studebaker–that’s who Ballard reports to–Studebaker will see this as an attack on Foundry, and officers have a duty to protect their troops.  He’ll give Cabal whatever he needs to catch us.”
So we run or we hide.  There are places to hide.  Plenty of little cubbies and niches in the sprawling ruins.  But how long will we have to stay in one?  We’ll need water for at least a few days, and with so many soldiers spreading through the ruins, we’ll have no chance to gather more if the army lingers.  Even if they move out immediately, there’s a fair chance we’ll be found, especially if they have some variation of those spider-like recon bots Cove uses.
If we’re not found, I could eventually return home–but how long until the army comes back from Cove, or Cove’s army comes for Foundry, or Cabal returns to check the Library?  Will I ever feel safe again?  No.  I want to go back but I can’t.  Even with no one around, the Library will never be the same.  I don’t want to admit it, but deep down I already know that part of my life is over.
“We’ll go north,” I say.  Echo’s face says many things.  Her voice says nothing.  We set out circling west-northwest, giving the Library a wide berth.  Lectric trots along behind us.  I’ve never been very far north, but I know what lies that way as surely as Echo does.  From New Sea to the Rockies, maybe even beyond: the z-line.  Toyota never did tell me how he made it through.  I pray we won’t need to–but where else will we go?
It’s not a question for the present.  Our world has narrowed to the next moment, the next mile.  We watch the east for signs of Cabal and hold our weapons ready, stumbling over the fallen homes and scattered bones of the resting dead.

Chapter 5.
We don’t dare stop at night.  It’s an easy decision to make and a hard one to carry out.  The logic is simple: we need to get as much of a head-start as possible before Cabal comes after us.  The reality is more complex: as soon as we circle the Library and head north along Big Road, I want nothing more than to lie down in a dark corner and forget my entire existence.
Life was never easy in the ruins, or even in Farmington, but I never personally had to kill anyone.  Now I’ve killed two people.  I can’t focus on anything else.  Their lives ended because of me.  Shouldn’t I feel bad?  All I feel is a numb.  I stumble over cracks as we walk.  Echo’s eyes are glazed.  We’re both exhausted.
When I try to think of something else, Cabal is the only thing that comes to mind.  He’ll likely wait for the army before coming after us.  When we don’t emerge from the Library, he’ll assume we died in the fire.  He’ll have to wait for it to burn down before he can search the ashes.  It’ll take time to realize we took to the sewers, and there’s simply no way for him to track us down there.
When he can’t find us and we don’t attack, he’ll know we’re either running or hiding.  In both cases, he’ll be better off waiting for the army.  Then he can get better supplies and maybe a horse, and the army can search for us in the ruins.  After I mention my conclusion to Echo, trudging along the road near sundown, she looks at me like I just told her the most obvious thing in the world.
“Of course he’ll wait.  The army can’t be more than a day away,” she says.
“Maybe they’ll just write us off.  I mean, maybe the army will want everyone they can for the march west, and they won’t want to waste any supplies or manpower on us.”
“No.  I told you, Studebaker can’t just let it go, and neither can Cabal.  Cabal’s not exactly loyal to Foundry.  He was loyal to Ballard.  They grew up in the same town.  Not that Cabal liked him.  He respected Ballard, I think, but he was jealous too.  Ballard was smarter, a better leader, but Cabal is cruel in a clever kind of way.  I think if Ballard had to die, Cabal would’ve wanted to be the one to kill him.”
“Wait.  You’re saying Cabal would’ve killed Ballard, but he’s mad we did it first?” I ask incredulously.
Echo’s blonde hair shakes wearily.
“He wasn’t actively trying to kill Ballard.  I’m just saying he was jealous, and if it had to be done, he would’ve rather done it himself.  Having a stranger do it is entirely different.  Now he’d kill us if for no other reason than to prove to himself he really was loyal to Ballard.  It’s complicated.  And anyway Ballard didn’t have to die.  We killed him to set ourselves free.”
“Weren’t you already free?” I ask, looking at her sideways.  She looks like she might cry again.  It takes her a minute to answer.
“Just walk, Tristan.”
So I walk.  But another question occurs.
“Do you think they’ll give him a horse?”
“Probably.  He’s going to catch up one way or another, Tristan.  It’s just a question of what will happen then.”
Despite all our reasons to keep moving, it takes a huge effort to keep walking through the night.  We fall into a kind of daze, barely aware of our progress.  Lectric trots with his head down.  For a while I wonder why his step is a little uneven.  Then–oh, I see.  His metal paws have rubber pads for traction, but the front-left pad has been burned away.  He must have stepped on a bit of gluefire during our escape.  It’s not a big concern, but it must hurt.  A sensory network is wired into his body, and he’s programmed to feel pain for the same reason we are–bodily preservation.  Sentient bots who don’t feel enough pain invariably die in a hurry.
The sky is growing light again.  It feels like we’ve come a thousand miles when we finally decide to stop.  Of course, we can’t just sleep on the road, because what if somebody comes?  We head east for almost a mile until New Sea is visible.  There we lie in the shadows of a half-standing house.
Exhaustion has erased any concern for comfort.  Even sitting brings a feeling close to bliss.  Still, for a few minutes I can’t fall asleep because I’m listening for Cabal.  I listen even in my dreams.
Echo is still asleep when I wake.  It’s somewhere around noon.  Lectric is sprawled across the ground, soaking up the sun.  I’m dead-thirsty and we’re out of water.  I have a canteen in my pack, but it’s empty now.  I’ll have to fill it from New Sea and desalinate the water.
I have a lot of useful items in my pack.  When Farmington burned, there were a lot of things I’d wished I’d had, and I’m never going to make that mistake again.  Now my pack is always ready.  Plus, sometimes I decide to range further from home and sleep under the stars.  To that end, I keep an old blanket in there as well.
With my canteen and desalinator, I head to the shore.  Lectric rouses himself to follow.  When I first came to the Library, I desalinated all my water from New Sea by the evaporation-collection method taught to me by my grandfather.  The second time I met Toyota, however, I traded him for a graphene desalinator.  They made a lot in the final days before the Fall, and apparently Toyota found a whole warehouse full somewhere down south.  On one trip, it was practically all he took north.
I fill the top-half of the desalinator with saltwater, then close the lid and use the little crank on the top, compressing the water inside.  As it’s compressed, the water is forced through a graphene membrane between the top and bottom halves of the desalinator.  The membrane has millions of nano-sized holes, too small for salt but just big enough for water.  The only bad thing is that it’s very tiring on your wrist because you have to keep turning the handle to put pressure on the liquid–otherwise it takes forever for the water to trickle through.
When it’s done, I unscrew the now-empty top half and rinse it in the ocean.  Then, quite annoyingly, I have to pour the water from the bottom half back into the top and press it through two more times.  I suspect this is only because I got a slightly defective one and some of the holes are too big, so it takes three passes to eliminate enough salt.
After the third pass, I pour the water into my canteen.  Then I gather more saltwater and run through the process all over again, leaving the new volume in the bottom of the desalinator because I have nothing else to carry it in.  Meanwhile, Lectric pees coolant into the sand and refills his rubber bladder.
Echo is awake when we return.  She accepts the water cautiously and watches me with serious eyes.  I can’t even begin to guess what she’s thinking.
“We should get moving,” I say.
She nods.  Lectric barks happily; at least one of us is in a good mood.
On Big Road again, I try to estimate what time Cabal might catch us.  I do this maybe fifty times and there are still too many uncertainties.  I can approximate how far we’ve gone, but I don’t know how fast a horse can run, if he’ll even have a horse, what time the army will arrive, or what time Cabal will leave.  The only thing I’m fairly certain of is that he’ll come north along Big Road, and if he does have a horse he’s going to catch us in a big damn hurry.  Twelve hours walking is probably only three or four hours riding.
Which means we can’t stay on this road.  Even coming back to it was probably a mistake.  If Cabal spots us from behind, he could take us out from a distance.  After thinking about it, I tell Echo we’ve got to leave Big Road again.  I want to be close to water, but I don’t like the idea of being trapped between New Sea and our enemy, so this time we strike out west instead until Big Road is safely out of sight.
The Great Ruins of my old city–with its fallen towers rusting in jungles of twisted girders; with its massive crumbled complexes that once housed untold thousands; with its Headless King and the fantastic sculptures of the old, dead American Empire–all of this has fallen behind us, leaving a seemingly endless stretch of smaller ruins surrounding the metropolis.  Family-sized dwellings fill the area.  Few are still standing.  It seems impossible that enough people once existed to fill them.  Where did they get all their food?  The plumbing must have been a nightmare.  Baffling.
“We could just keep going west, you know,” I say.  “We’d have to gather a lot of water first.  I don’t know how far we’d have to go, but we could try it.  I know there’s a river near Cove that runs north.  We’d hit it eventually.”
Echo looks at me sideways.  Her hand moves absently to her necklace.  There’s something she’s wary about–beyond all the normal things there are to be wary about, that is–but it eludes me.
“We should keep going north,” she says.
“Why?  I mean, Cabal knows we’re heading that way and we’re going to hit the z-line eventually.  We can’t go east because of New Sea, and we can’t go south because of the army.  West means more desert, so it’s a big risk–but so is north.  At least west there’ll be desert-foxes and coyotes and other game.  What’s good about north?”
Echo is reluctant to answer.  Finally, she says, “Haven.”
I frown at her.  I’ve heard the name once or twice, but I know almost nothing about it.  A small group came through Farmington once heading for Haven.  My grandfather wrote them off as crazies.
“That’s someplace up north, right?”
“Not some place, Tristan, the place.  A place where everyone is safe and free, and they’ve got food and water, and laws to protect people, and working tech from Old America.  They’re rebuilding, Tristan.  Making things the way they used to be.  The way they should be.”
I can see in her eyes that she believes it.  A secret hope burns there with startling intensity.  It’s one of the things she keeps hidden.  But I can only think of Hyperborea, where Conan went.  Didn’t turn out as he expected.
“So it’s a city-state?  Ballard said Cove wants to reinvent America.  They’ve got laws and stuff too.  How’s that any different?” I ask.
A shutter comes down over the hope in her eyes, protecting it from intruders and people who don’t understand.  People like me.  She makes a dismissive noise and looks away.  This is why she was reluctant to tell me.  Hope is a treasure in the wasteland, even rarer than water.  To keep it, you’ve got to guard it.  When Echo speaks again, her voice is more factual, less involved.
“Haven is a good place.  Not greedy and harsh like Cove.  They don’t burn people’s homes down.  The people there are trying to rebuild things the right way.  It’s the last, best hope for our world, Tristan.”
“How do you know that?”
She just shakes her head and turns away.
“It’s north of the z-line?” I ask.
“Yes.”
“Going to be hard to get there.”
She looks at me sideways again and nods.  I shrug, relenting.
We turn north again, parallel to Big Road–not that I’m committed to actually crossing the z-line.  I just think it won’t hurt to get a little further before arguing more about turning west.  There’s no point standing around.  I’m pretty good at ignoring hunger, but I’m starving if I bother to pay attention.  I don’t have my rat traps to rely on now, which means we’re going to have to use the crossbow or machine-pistol.  I’m not seeing many signs of games out this way either.
For an hour, we walk in silence.
“Fin wasn’t so bad, you know,” Echo says out of nowhere.
I meet her eyes briefly.
“He was a good hunter.  Always found us food.  He never … never did anything to me.”
“What do you mean?” I ask, looking at her out of the corner of my eyes.  Echo only shrugs, staring carefully ahead.
“We had to do it though.  Once we ... once we killed Ballard.  We couldn’t leave the others,” she says.  I’m not sure if she’s telling me or herself.  Probably both.
“Yeah,” I say.
“You hate me, don’t you.”
“What?  Annabel.  Why would you ask that?”
“You look angry whenever you look at me.  And call me Echo.”
Do I look angry?  Living alone has not given me good practice monitoring my expressions.  I do feel some anger toward her, but I was trying to ignore that.  Mostly it’s because she’s supposed to be the innocent girl with the long hair in the desert, and instead she’s the girl who was travelling with Rodrick’s Raiders.  Does that mean I’m angry she didn’t die in Farmington like I thought?  That doesn’t make sense.
“I’m not ... not angry at you,” I say, but it doesn’t feel entirely true.
“Sure.  I bet you wish we never found you though.”
Of course I wish that.  Then I’d be back home reading Volume Seven.  But why stop there?  I might as well wish Farmington had never burned to the ground or that Old America never fell.  Nobody can ignore the world forever.  It finds you and shoves its troubles down your throat until you choke on them, and then it watches quietly while you vomit everything back up on the people around you.
“Why do you want me to call you ‘Echo?’“ I ask.
“I haven’t been Annabel since the Fire.”
“Doesn’t really answer the question.”
Echo sighs.
“I took up in a cave after Farmington burned.  I was starving.  Cove’s army had kept after Rodrick’s Raiders and they were breaking up.  Ballard, Fin and Cabal stayed together though.  Fin came across my tracks in the desert.  When they found me, I didn’t talk for a while.  I repeated some things though–mostly just ‘food’ and ‘water,’ whenever someone mentioned those.  So Ballard called me Echo, and I’ve been Echo ever since.”
I begin to see why she travelled with them–she couldn’t survive on her own.  Not that that makes it ok or answers my other questions.  I want to ask her again why she would turn against Ballard and risk her life to go on the run with me, but somehow I know she won’t answer–maybe she can’t answer–so I swallow the question.
Here and there we find a house still standing.  We conduct brief searches for useful items.  It’s during one such search that the high-pitched whine of a distant motor echoes across the barren land.
Echo and I freeze, staring at each other.  The whine gets louder.
“Bike,” she whispers.  We scramble to a broken window and crouch beside it, peering east toward Big Road.  We’d walked west until Big Road was well out of sight, but it’s hard to stay exactly parallel with the road.  Since then we’ve apparently drifted closer, because soon a bug-sized dot can be seen speeding along the horizon in that direction.  It must have heavy-duty off-road wheels to be that steady on the broken road.
It’s unlikely anyone can spot us at this distance, but we both duck out of sight regardless.  I reach for my spyglass in the pack but then think: what’s the point?  It can’t be anyone but Cabal, and what if his eyes catch some glint off the glass?  Better to just stay hidden.
The motor’s pitch reaches a threatening crescendo as the solar cycle passes, then drops slowly as the bike recedes.  The sound reminds me of a giant mosquito.  Appropriate, given that the owner wants to drain our blood.  Studebaker has apparently outfitted him even better than expected.  Perhaps a little too well, because now he’s passing his prey.  He disappears into the distance.
“Well, at least-” I begin, stopping when Echo’s hand shoots up.
I squint, listening.  The sound is getting louder again.  No.  A second sound.  Echo looks at me with wide eyes.  Her hand closes except for the first two fingers: two solar cycles.  Lectric whimpers and rests his head on my boot.  A second bike passes us in the distance.  We wait for more.  Neither of us can relax even after the last dying echo has faded into silence.
“Two then.  Bikes, not horses.  Seems Cabal made a good case against us,” I say.
“Or they want him back sooner, and they don’t fully trust him.  By sending someone else, they can be sure he won’t desert with their equipment.”
We stay in the house a while, making sure Cabal and his escort won’t double-back.  Sooner or later, he’s got to figure he passed us.  When we start moving again, we head half a mile further west, away from Big Road.  This creates a problem, however, because soon we’re out of water.  It’s amazing how fast it disappears.  With our bodies constantly on the move and the day fairly warm, there’s no way to make it last.  We need to hit New Sea again, but that’s on the opposite side of Big Road.
“We should wait for dark,” I say.  I don’t feel comfortable crossing the distance in daylight.  Echo nods.  Clearing a spot beside a half-standing wall, we settle in for a few hours.  I remember the way the nails went into Ballard’s neck, and the whole scene starts replaying in a loop.  It’s familiar by now.  Has it only been a day?  Impossible.
“It’s dark,” Echo says, shaking me awake.
I fell asleep?  Apparently so.  The light has changed.
“We should go,” Echo says.
“Right,” I say, blinking, momentarily confused.  We trek east, straining our ears for the whine of electric motors.  It takes forever to reach Big Road.  How is it so far?  Then we’re across with no sign of the bikes, but my heart is still in my throat.  I’m paranoid.  Echo must think I’m a coward.  She’s right too.  I’m scared of everything.
We’re about half a mile beyond Big Road, crossing the smaller side-roads of a destroyed neighborhood, when the buzzing comes again.  Echo curses.  A pinprick of light stabs our eyes.  Not back west, along Big Road–no, not there but directly north.  Immediately, I know what’s happened.  When they turned back, they fanned out to smaller roads on either side to cover a wider area.  Now one of the bikes is headed straight toward us.

Chapter 6.
We scramble off the road.  We’ve got only seconds before we show up in the glare of the headlight–if we haven’t already.  We make it maybe twenty feet before throwing ourselves into the rubble of a fallen home.  Our landing kicks up dust; I pray it won’t be seen.  I’m half on top of Echo, hidden behind the rubble, and the world is filled with two things: her wide blue eyes and the growing buzz of the approaching vehicle.  Are we hidden?  Just barely.  A low, broken wall conceals us, yet something might stick out.  There’s no time to evaluate, no time to shift positions.
The whine of the engine becomes intolerably loud.  The bike is going slower than necessary, maybe because it’s dark and the roads aren’t what they used to be, or maybe because the rider is keeping an eye out for us.  The headlight washes over our rubble, throwing long shadows into the ruins.  The rider pulls abreast of us, twenty feet away.
Is he stopping?  Oh Crom.  We’re bones.  But no.  He’s passing–thank God.
An image comes to me: I could stand and put a bolt through the back of the driver.  But then we’d have the other bike to contend with, and I might miss the first.  Better to stay hidden.  Or is that just an excuse?  Because I’m scared shitless and would give anything not to move.
We lie still and listen for the second bike, but nothing comes as the first fades into silence.  It’s as I thought: they’re on both sides of Big Road.  And suddenly I’m very aware of Echo’s slim body pressed into the ground beneath me; the rise and fall of her chest, the delicate length of her collar bone, the hollow at the base of her neck.  It’s unfamiliar, this closeness with another person.  Her body is so malleable, so right.
“Tristan ...” she says.
“The other bike ...” I mutter.
Her lips are marvelous.  I’m smothered in sudden desire.  My eyes capture every detail of her darkened face, the smoothness of her skin, the way her hair falls–because things like this don’t happen to me, and I want to remember.  I want to keep the moment as a kind of secret.  I’ll lock it away where I bury my feelings, and take it out in quiet moments.  Now that I have this memory, it can never be taken away.
“I think it’s safe,” she says.
Then I remember Ballard on top of her–Ballard, one of Rodrick’s Raiders–and she’s just a half-starved wretch lying in the dirt of a ruined neighborhood.  Angrily I push myself up.  What was I thinking?  The bikes are nowhere in sight.
“We should go,” I say.
We continue to New Sea.  The moon is out, reflecting beautifully off the slowly shifting current, off the bits of ruins still jutting from the ocean.  Echo is silent as I desalinate our water.  We drink greedily, gratefully.
“What if the other bike’s still ahead?” I ask.
“Pretty sure I heard it in the distance,” she says.  “I think they both passed.  Makes sense, anyway.  The army will want them back soon.  They’ve got bigger worries than us.”
“You don’t think they’ll be back?”
 “We can’t count it out,” she says, shrugging.
When we’re done drinking and refilling, we find a quiet spot to camp.  We decide it’s best not to risk a fire, though that’s not as easy as it sounds.  The night has grown cold and we’d both appreciate the heat.  It’s remarkably hard to get a good night’s sleep in the cold, even when you’re exhausted.  Jackets only help so much.  We end up lying back to back.  Minutes or hours later I wake to find Echo’s arm around me.
The weight of her arm brings an alien sensation.  I can’t get used to it.  Eventually I have to change positions, but that presents its own problems, because when I turn toward Echo my arm ends up around her too, and then her eyes are open and gazing into mine.  I should say something, but I just lay there.  Finally, she closes her eyes again and leans her head forward into the space beneath my chin.  Stray wisps of hair tickle my face.  It itches but I refuse to move.  Sleep just got the middle finger.  Eventually it comes regardless.
When I wake, she’s still drooling.  I get up and find a place to use the bathroom.  When I return, I’m in a strangely good mood, though I can’t see why.  My home is gone, I’m starving, there are people who want to kill us, and we’re likely heading to our deaths–yet for a little while none of it matters.  I’m like a kid again, just being in the moment.
Part of it is the hope that Cabal’s duty to the army will prevent him from returning.  His presumed departure is like a shadow lifted from my eyes, and when it’s gone I can see the whole world is suddenly open to us.  I mean, I guess I could have left the Library any time, and travelling will be hard and dangerous, but the morning’s clear blue sky fills me with a sense of freedom I haven’t felt in–ever.  Is this how Conan felt when he first left Cimmeria?
Then there’s the fact that there is an us.  Excluding Lectric, Toyota was the closest friend I had in three years, and I only talked to him a few times a year.  Sure, I like being alone and I’m not entirely positive travelling with Annabel-Echo is a good thing, but at the very least it’s an interesting thing, an unusual thing, a thing I’ve never experienced, and there’s something to be said about that.
I spend a few minutes sitting against a crumbling stone block, watching Echo sleep, feeling flashes of desire … tempered by thoughts of Ballard and how quickly she turned on him.  Do I even know this person?  Not at all.  She’s incomprehensible.  But do I have to know her to hold her down and–
No.  She doesn’t want that.  Annabel used to be my friend.  She’s the girl who waits in the desert.  Then why the arm in the night?  She was cold, no doubt.
While waiting, I take out Volume Seven and, very slowly, read a few pages, trying to ignore the gnawing question of whether or not the rest of my collection survived the fire.  But of course it survived–I won’t believe otherwise.  I’ll go back for it one day.  I can’t bear to face the alternative.  Still Echo sleeps.  I drink and desalinate more water.  Finally she wakes, does what’s necessary, and it’s time to move on.
Echo is in a better mood too.  Maybe the disaster, the killing, the hiding is behind us.  In the daylight, I can almost believe it.  The sun infuses her hair with a brilliance bordering on absurd.  It’s like she’s giving off the light.  Lectric trots happily alongside us, his solar cells absorbing all they can.
Past noon, the ruins thin out.  We move into a desert sparsely covered with knee-high shrubs.  With this much plant life, there’s bound to be game.  I miss the first kill–something squirrel-like that darts into a hole as my bolt skids in the dust–but the second chance comes soon, and I nail a fox through the ribs.
The fire is easy to build–I keep an electric sparker in my bag.  The meat fills our bellies.  Echo becomes more talkative.  She tells me about an older woman who helps manage the supplies for Foundry’s army; a woman frail in body but iron in will.  She had a soft spot for Echo, and Echo misses her.
As we continue north, she talks about Fin and Ballard now and then, though nothing with any direct connection to our fatal encounter.  I don’t talk much.  Toward dusk, we bag a snake and a large scavenging bird.  After walking all day within sight of Big Road, there’s still no sign of Cabal.  Maybe he really has moved on.  Again we camp.  Again Echo cuddles up to me.  It’s weird having someone this close.  I’m hyper-sensitive to every movement.  I can’t get used to it.
After our morning drink at New Sea, we decide it should be okay to walk along Big Road again for the time being.  As we do, I keep an eye on passing debris, shrubs and other potential cover, just in case we hear the bikes.  I haven’t tried to persuade Echo to turn west again but I’m thinking it’s probably about time we did.  I’m about to broach the subject when something catches my eye.
We’re still in shrub-desert.  To our right, maybe ten feet ahead, is the rusted wreck of a long-dead car.  We’ve seen a number of its brothers along the road.  The part of my mind monitoring potential cover has already noted it.  There’s not much else around.  The car, however, is not what has caught my attention.
Just left of Big Road, at the top of a slight hill about two hundred feet ahead, sits an odd boulder about as tall as my waist.  I can’t say exactly why my mind identifies it as “odd.”  It’s just a sand-colored rock.  But the paranoid part of my brain knows something doesn’t fit.  The boulder is a bit too cylindrical, perhaps, or the surface too smooth.
Then the top shifts.
I have a split second to react.  By all rights, we should be dead.  But I’ve seen this thing on some other level.  Listening for the bikes with constant paranoia, I’ve synced with our environment, and I act before I know what’s coming.  There’s no thought at all.
My arm catches Echo beneath the ribs as I tackle her toward the car.  A staccato of bright red flashes burst from a recess in the top of the boulder.  A feather brushes my left ear, tickles my left bicep.  Echo makes a sound of slight surprise.  We hit the ground hard, crashing through a shrub behind the abandoned car.  She grunts as the air is pushed from her lungs.  Lectric scurries around us, barking madly.
Echo’s eyes go wide.  There’s a fresh four-inch burn running along her left collarbone.  Two tiny holes are not far from the scar, in her upper left shoulder.
“Your ear,” she says.
“Stay down.”
“What’s happ–”
“There’s a mine up there.  Pulse laser.  I saw the barrel pop.  Don’t look out, it’ll put holes through your eyes.”
Echo nods.  I recovered a mine like this once–a dead one, in the desert.  I brought it back to my grandfather, and he disassembled it for parts.  He told me about them as he worked.  They can kill at a distance and operate on a low-power standby mode for years at a time.  The notion has terrified me ever since.
We crawl right up to the car, keeping low.  Cabal must have left the mine.  Carried it on the back of his bike.  He didn’t need to find us.  We’re in for it now.  The thing has us covered.  I’m amazed we survived the first barrage.  If it had waited until we were just a little closer, we’d already be dead.  Something wet leaks down the back of my pants–Crom, is it blood?  But my hand comes back with water.  Something was hit in my pack, the canteen or desalinator.  Great.  Not that we’ll need water much longer.
Tin popping sounds reach my ears.  A hot metal shard bursts from a hole in the car beside me.  Echo yelps.  The thing is trying to shoot us through the vehicle.  Most of the shots don’t fully penetrate.  Most.
Echo’s face grows pained.  She pulls up her pant-leg and stares.  Her left calf is swelling up around a small hole in the muscle.  Little metal shards have peppered her skin.  Blood is leaking out of the hole, though not much, as the flesh is mostly cauterized.  Her shoulder is having similar issues.  Her hands tremble uncontrollably.
There’s a growing throb in my left ear and bicep, but my immediate concern for survival leaves no room for such worries.  The pinging stops.  The car is no longer under fire.  Another sound grows in the silence, however.  The ominous whir of a small motor.  Wheels rumble over the crumbling road, crunching pebbles beneath the treads.
The mine is mobile.
I wriggle out of my pack and check the crossbow to make sure it’s loaded.
“Echo, your gun loaded?  Echo!”
Her pain distracts her.  She un-holsters the machine-pistol and slides it over to me.  The wheels are still moving.  I lie down and peer under the car.  It’s low to the ground because the tires are flat, but I manage to see the robot wheeling toward us.  It’s going to come around my side of the car soon.  We have about ten seconds to live.  Lectric is low to the ground, growling terribly.  His metal claws are out.
Can we hide in the car?  No.  We’d just die inside.  We can’t run, obviously.  It’ll hit us the instant we’re visible.  I’ll have to risk shooting the robot as it comes into view, but I’m pretty certain it will kill me before I can do much damage.  It has to have cameras for sensors.  If I could only blind it …
But I can–maybe.
I whip off my jacket.  The mine is on the other side of the car.  It’s coming around.  I motion to Echo–go that way!  But she can’t push off her left leg.  There are tears on her cheeks.  Great.  We’re going to die here.
Lectric pounces forward with a demonic sound.  He rounds the front bumper and attacks.  I’m shouting, or trying to shout.  I’m springing onto the hood and throwing the jacket, but I know it’s too late.  Lectric is peppered with invisible packets of high-energy light.  His hull sparks and leaks fluids as his claws rake the faux boulder once without effect.  Once–and he collapses.  Yet he’s drawn the thing’s fire just long enough for my jacket to land.
The robot wheels backwards, blinded.  It rotates one way, then the other, trying to free its sensors.  I dive to the ground and snatch up the pistol and crossbow.  The robot fires at random.  The heat lights my coat on fire.  I spray the thing with bullets.  I put a heavy bolt right through the fire.  Something shatters in a shadowy recess.  I drop the crossbow and grip the gun with both hands, emptying almost a whole clip into the top of the machine, where the barrel came out.  Then I run around to the back of the mine and shove it hard with my boot.  The robot topples forward.  The wheels spin, stop, spin, stop.  It may still have battery power, but it’s effectively dead.
Unfortunately, so is Lectric.
When I drop to my knees, he’s twitching uncontrollably, making soft whining sounds.  A capacitor blew somewhere in his flanks and smoke leaks through small holes in his hull.  A puddle of coolant spreads beneath him, seeping into the parched earth in a singular parody of his carbon-based cousins.  Perhaps it’s just a universal rule: things leak when they die.  Worst of all are the holes in his head, where my grandfather helped me implant his Spark 2100 neural embryo in some other life.
This can’t be happening.  It happens anyway.  Lectric’s twitching slows.  I cradle his head.  He won’t look up at me.  He can’t.
“You’ll be okay,” I tell him.
Lies are better than pain.  He twitches again.  And then he doesn’t.
His hull can be repaired.  His Spark 2100 cannot.  Not even the people who designed neural embryos fully understood how consciousness arose from the complexity within.  They had simply experimented, modeling electronic subsystems on studies of the human brain until a working model was achieved.  My grandfather had books about it.  As the host develops, the embryo’s complexity is gradually nested to a deep level, interwoven throughout the electronic brain as it learns and relearns and adapts to the chaos of life.  Once functionality is lost, it can never be restored.
I’m aware there will be pain now.  I wait for it to come.  But the speed of these events has confounded my brain’s adaptive processes.  I know Lectric is dead now–here he lies with his head lolling in my lap–but the knowledge is so strange as to feel unreal.  Certainly this didn’t just happen?  The universe doesn’t work that way.  I’ll forget about it and things will be the same as always.  A piece of me probes the real knowledge from a great distance, spying on it as through a telescope, but there is a roiling sea of anguish there, so I cover the view back up and set it aside.
Echo, unheard, has been shouting my name.  She comes crawling around the side of the car, her face pale and scared.  She crawls close and rests her head on my shoulder, but I wince away because she puts pressure on my injured bicep.  She’s shaking badly.
“I thought you were dead,” she says.
“Lectric …”
“I’m sorry, Tristan.  I’m so sorry.  He saved our lives.  He saved us.  God, your ear.  We need to bandage you.  We need to bandage me.  Do you think there’s another one?  They might have left another …”
She talks aimlessly, non-stop, almost in a whisper.  Words just tumble out, and suddenly it’s intolerable.  Doesn’t she understand?  I want to yell at her.  But she’s close to fainting.  For the first time I touch my left ear, using my right arm to avoid bending the left.  An electric pain stabs out from my finger and radiates through my head, as if I shocked myself.  My entire earlobe has been burned away.  Now that I’m aware of it, the pain is worse.  In addition, squeezing the muscle in my left arm brings instant wooziness.  Still, I made out better than Lectric.  Better than Echo too, who has the two holes in her shoulder and an injured calf.
Now we do what must be done.  Gather the pack, prepare to leave.  But I can’t leave my old friend lying in the desert.  I haul up his body.  Echo can’t walk on her left leg.  She supports herself on my right.  I’m not conscious of the journey to New Sea.  I only know that it’s hell.

Chapter 7.
I don’t sleep so much as roll around in a web of dark memory, and whenever I roll to my left, there’s a sharp pain from two places.  When I’m conscious again, Lectric is the first thing on my mind.  The way he sprawls happily in the morning sun.  The fact that he whimpered and comforted me while I wept in those early days after the fire.  All the times he sniffed out treasures in the ruins or alerted me to small game.  For three years, my constant companion.  My only companion.
Gone, just gone.
The weight of his absence is immense.  It brings on the rest.  The Library, Farmington, my Conan novels–everything’s gone.  Life is sorrow and ruin.  I want to smash things.  I couldn’t raise a fist.  Dark thoughts have a magnetic effect.  They draw in others.  They reinforce each other until the darkness is all you can see.  Depression crushes me like a weight from above.
There was a church in Farmington.  My grandfather never went there, but Annabel’s mom would take us.  The pastor said God wanted to punish us for the way we’d lived in the World Before.  Problem was we’d never lived there.  Those people were dead and gone.  Punishing us for their mistakes didn’t make any sense.  I couldn’t figure out why everyone listened to the pastor
After the village burned, however, I came to understand belief.  How could my grandfather be gone?  He had to be somewhere.  I talked to him while I walked in the desert.  I felt he was watching over me.  Was he?  I don’t know, but it was what I needed then, and when I think of Lectric running around in some other realm, I want to believe it again.  Let someone say he wasn’t really alive, that he was just a machine.  We are machines, in that case–organic ones.  Lectric was more alive than most people, worth more than Ballard and Cabal.  If they have souls, his was twice as pure.
Echo moans, still asleep.  She sounds terrified, but I don’t wake her.
We’re in the shadow of another half-standing building down by the shore of New Sea.  I buried Lectric late last night.  I said some things in my head, and Echo stood and hugged me from behind, though she shook and the movement pained her.
It’s not long after dawn.  Clouds have gathered overhead.  There’s an ominous rumble in the distance.  We need food.  I should move, but I’m paralyzed.  My ear feels strange, hot and cold at the same time.  When I touch it, there’s less pain.  My arm still throbs, but it could be a lot worse; the shot caught only the outer layer of the muscle.  I lay back down but sleep doesn’t come.  It’s a miserable morning.
Finally Echo wakes, only to moan more pointedly, her face contracting in pain.  She reaches out and puts a hand on my good arm.  When she takes a breath, her fingers dig in.
“It hurts, Tristan.  God, it hurts,” she says.
There are two holes in her shirt around the left shoulder, where the mine hit her.  The surrounding flesh is red and swollen.  Her calf has had similar reactions.  I tried taking out the metal splinters from the car last night, but I don’t know if I got them all.  Some were so tiny I could barely pinch them between my fingernails.  Afterward, we washed her calf and wrapped it in a strip of cloth torn from her shirt.
Now each breath brings Echo fresh pain.  Literally every one.  As her lungs expand, the flesh and muscles surrounding the shoulder-wound inevitably shift.  Her body is warning her to stay still, even while forcing her to move.  She closes her eyes hard, and tears leak out, and she opens them and looks at me, desperate for help I can’t provide.
“It’ll get better,” I say.
She closes her eyes again.
At first, I try to help.  I say all kinds of things.  Nothing works.  She’s still in pain.  I grow angry.  I was injured too, after all.  Her refusal to heal is frustrating.  She’s not doing it on purpose, yet that’s how it starts to feel, and her constant complaining wears on my fragile nerves–can’t she just shut up for a while?  If she and the others hadn’t come, I’d still be in the Library with Lectric.  So yeah, maybe she deserves some of that pain.  But then she’s Annabel Lee again, the girl who waits in the desert, and the anger turns to shame.
I go into the desert, more to get away from her than to hunt, though food is my excuse.  I need to do something.  And of course there’s no game.  Nothing whatsoever.  The ruins were never well-populated, but now they’re completely destitute, devoid of even the smallest rat.  Fate conspires against us in all forms, on all levels.  The sky rumbles and turns a slow, strange, purplish color.  The warnings have been growing all day.  You don’t have to be a rabbit to know something terrible is coming.
I return empty-handed.  Echo is hungry and pained, and when she sees I haven’t caught anything, she actually weeps.  I can’t take this.  My fists clench and unclench on their own.  Walking down the shore, I desalinate more water.  Even this proves a trial.  It was the desalinator that leaked in my pack yesterday.  The mine put a hole through it.  The filter still works, thank Crom, but it won’t hold the water once it’s through, so I have to rig the canteen to catch what spills out.  I’ve just finished filtering a few liters and my wrist hurts from turning the pressure-top … when the canteen slips and spills into the sand.  Such a simple thing.  It breaks me completely.
My body tenses up and a sound comes out like I’m choking, and then I’m roaring and pounding the ground, smashing it with my fists, because something must be punished, because the world couldn’t spare me even this last petty cruelty.  My fingers clench into claws.  When they let go, I breathe heavily, hang my head and hug my knees.  I sit numb for a time.  Slowly, I pick up the desalinator and begin again.
When I get back to Echo, she drinks gratefully, but it’s not a lasting comfort.  Thunder booms.  Distant but getting closer.
“We have to start walking,” I say.
“Why?” Echo asks.
I have no answer.  The storm?  Food?  Medicine?  Where could we possibly find medicine?  The weight of our needs is overwhelming, and her only question is “why?”  I suppress my anger.
“We can’t stay here,” I say.
Finally, Echo nods.
I help her up.  Yet it’s immediately clear that progress is impossible.  She simply can’t walk.  Any pressure on her calf pains her, and every shift in movement lights up the nerves in her shoulder.  The wounds are mostly cauterized so maybe she’ll avoid infection, but she’s suffering from some kind of nerve damage.  It’s possible the mine used a particle pump instead of a pulse laser.  My grandfather taught me the difference.  Both will put holes in you, but particle pumps use packets of molecular material instead of focused light.  The material will penetrate your flesh before breaking up inside, sending miniature shockwaves through the surrounding tissue, like a dozen microscopic shotguns.  My arm is swollen heavily around my own wound, yet it’s not giving me nearly as much pain as Echo's wounds are giving her.
We have to keep moving regardless.  There’s no significant shelter here, and the sky is quite clear about its intentions.  We make it perhaps half a mile–the longest half-mile of Echo’s life.  She’s shaking and close to collapse.  Then the sky breaks, and walls of water hit us all at once.  They come in rippling, diagonal sheets, so thick I can almost distinguish solid shapes.  It’s as though some ancient, otherworldly elementals have come to frolic beneath the desert clouds, phasing in and out of their watery forms.  The physical force of the rain is astounding.  It falls with such noise that I can barely hear the thunder.  A watery hell has opened up around us.  A river grows around our boots.
I’ve already spotted the house ahead, the only one in sight with most of its roof intact.  It looked so close a moment ago.  Suddenly I fear we won’t make it.  I have to pick up Echo and sprint the last hundred meters.  My bicep screams at me.  The pain is fierce.  I block everything but the sight of that doorway.  Ten steps away, I lose my balance and send us both crashing to the ground.  Echo cries out.  Her eyes roll back in her head.  I can feel the force of the flood tugging at my body.  I haul her up again, yelling crazily with the effort, and stumble through the open doorway.
The house has holes in the roof and one of the walls.  The windows are broken and the doors are missing.  Water is pouring in, running across the floor, but it’s still a hell of a lot better than being outside.  A rotting staircase leads to a second floor, but we don’t dare risk it.  In the kitchen sits a heavy oak table.  I push it into the driest corner and take off my pack.  The pack is soaked, but my old blanket inside is mostly dry.
“Help me,” Echo says.  I look at her–and stare, baffled, because she’s leaning against a wall, shivering badly, with her pants down to her calves.
“I can’t do it …” she says vaguely.  She intends to take off her clothes, and I’m still staring stupidly because I can’t comprehend her purpose.  She has to explain.  I’ve been living alone in the desert, and the only body warmth I’ve ever known is my own.  Yet she’s right.  We’re not lighting a fire anytime soon, and with the way things are going, we’re probably going to die of hypothermia before the night is through.
I help her out of her clothes and onto the table.  She winces, eyes closed, with each movement.  Only her necklace remains to her, and she clasps it tightly, her fingers molesting the tawdry heart-shaped jewel.  Lightning illuminates her pale body, the curve of her thighs, the smallness of her breasts, the braille of her nipples.  With each flash, the world is divided into light and shadow, into black and white.
When I was younger–not long before the fire, in fact–Berkley came to me and Crispin one day and insisted we follow him to an oasis a few miles from Farmington.  There was a pond there, hidden away in the curve of the land beneath a small cliff.  We’d often gone in on sweltering summer days.  That day, however, we approached by stealth until we could espy what lay ahead.  Crispin’s older sister, Isabel, and her friend, Amelia Day, had been swimming naked in the pond.  They’d laughed and frolicked before returning to the shore.
Instantly, I’d understood the value of the secret there uncovered; a treasure of immense worth.  Isabel’s long, lithe body emerging from that pond–plastered with golden hair, shedding glorious rivulets like jewels shimmering in the summer sun–was the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen … is still the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.  The moment possessed a magic that went beyond the girl herself, beyond desire, to touch something pure and powerful, something hidden, something divine.  Isabel had been transformed into an ethereal being in that moment, and I’d gaped at her in abject awe … until Crispin had made too much noise, and the girls had dressed and run after us.
In the dark ruins of the storm-racked house, Echo’s nudity offers something different.  It lacks the full, curving, sunlit glory of that distant day.  The necessity of the situation is a blunt fact, and she’s huddled on the table like some starving, wretched animal in the wild.  Yet despite all the pain and misery, despite any lingering anger, there is something sacred in this moment too, a fragility I want to hold and protect, and for an instant it drives away the cold and hunger and earthly troubles–even grief over Lectric, for a time.  The dark feelings drop away, and she’s Annabel Lee again.  Things have gone terribly wrong, and she needs me.
She’s also shivering violently while I stand staring like an idiot.  Quickly I strip off my own clothes, keeping only my ragged under-shorts out of an awkward sense of embarrassment, and huddle on the table beside her.  The dry blanket is a blessing.  She leans into me and I put my good arm around her, and we press close together.  Her skin is cold and clammy but grows slowly less so.
A river gushes over the floor beneath the table, carrying bits of debris.  The lightning screams.  A tree splits and dies somewhere out in the wastes, but we are secreted away in this hidden sanctuary, and I can’t exactly call it good–because we’re in deep shit here, and the Library is still gone, and Lectric is still dead–yet I know this is a moment that will remain with me for all the days that are left to me.
At some point I use my pack as a pillow, and we manage to lie on the table.  Echo can only lean on her uninjured shoulder.  One of her hands remains cradling her old necklace.  I spoon her, and her skin is smooth and warm now.  I’m very conscious of the positions of my hands and the rise and fall of her stomach beneath the one, and if I wasn’t so exhausted my heart would be pounding for an entirely different reason … but things are what they are, and we drift off to the waning fury of the storm.
When I come to, my body is stiff and achy, my right arm numb beneath her.  Echo inhales sharply when I shift her turn onto my back.  The rain still comes, only gently now, with a friendly patter, as if in apology.  I don’t want to face the world just yet, so I doze off a second time.
Around noon I’m up again, feeling weak and hungry.  Mercifully, the rain has stopped.  Echo still sleeps.  I extract myself and find our waterlogged clothes pushed to one wall with the rest of the flotsam.
Outside, the sun is shockingly bright.  I drape our wet clothes over a broken fence and load up my crossbow.  Then I catch myself looking around for Lectric.  He always comes with me.  But he’s simply not there, and there’s nothing to do but set off into the desert alone.
Right from the start, the day is a drastic reversal of the last.  It’s as if the universe is making reparations.  Only an hour in, I put a bolt through a vulture who’s picking at a recently dead fox, and both corpses come with me for the fire.  It pains me to aim, as it’s necessary to use both arms, but the pain’s not overly inhibitive and it fades when I can relax the injured bicep.  Soon after bagging the vulture, I find a patch of wild melons and edible cacti.  But the real find comes on the way back, entirely unlooked-for.
Having ranged north, I’m following the coast south toward the house when I stop in my tracks.  A heavy-duty wheelbarrow sits by the back door of a half-standing abode.  It’s made of a black alloy from the World Before, and somehow it doesn’t have a speck of rust.  I throw the game and the fruit inside, and I’m commenting about our luck to Lectric before I realize again that he’s not at my heels.  That part’s sobering, yes, but it’s like the fifth time I’ve done it today, which makes it slightly easier to bear.  I never realized before how much I talk to Lectric while ranging into the wastes.
“Hell, why stop now, right boy?” I say, thinking of him listening from some vague, ineffable realm.  Which is probably insane, but oh well.
In any case, the wheelbarrow really is a prize, not because it’ll carry food and supplies, but because it’ll carry Echo.  I have no idea how long it will take her to heal.  I’m not even sure she will heal.  Our bodies are probably ill-equipped to deal with such unnatural wounds.  The cauterization and saltwater-cleansing have prevented infection, and my arm is doing reasonably well, but the mine has struck a deeper nerve in Echo’s body.  It isn’t physically crippling, but the pain is utterly debilitating.  I’ve been wondering all morning if we were simply destined to live out our lives here, scavenging for food and braving the occasional storm.
In truth, if we found the right building, such a life wouldn’t be all that different from my old one.  Yet it’s not what we’re meant for.  Even if Cabal never comes back, we need to be on the move.  We’re going somewhere, and I may not know where exactly, but I don’t want to stop until we get there.
When the house comes into view, Echo is standing outside with the blanket wrapped around her, leaning against the wall to keep the weight off her leg.  Our clothes are still drying on the fence.  It’s not until I’m close that I realize she’s in some kind of duress.  Her hand is over her mouth and her eyes are wide, tearful.
“What?” I ask.
She shakes her head.
“I’ve got food–and look!” I say, showcasing the wheelbarrow.
“I’m just an idiot,” she whispers.
It’s another few minutes before I figure it out.  She was afraid I wouldn’t come back.  I’d left while she was asleep.  All morning she’d been telling herself I’d be back, that I’d just gone hunting, but personal fears had overcome the logic.  Fear had assured her that I’d abandoned her, that I was gone for good.  The truth is I’m just not used to living with people.  It didn’t even occur to me to tell her where I was going.
“I know you hate me, Tristan, but please, please, don’t leave me again,” she says.
“I … I don’t,” I try to explain, but she doesn’t believe me.  It’s more than that though.  Her injuries have made her entirely dependent on me.  She has no chance of gathering enough food or water to survive on her own.  Her body is mostly intact, but she can barely endure significant movement.  If something happened to me, what would she do?  Hobble around in the desert until she laid down to die.  The responsibility is unnerving.  Do I really want someone else’s life in my hands?  No.  That’s a terrible idea.
I have no plans to leave, but I can tell the idea stays on her mind.
Echo isn’t nearly as excited about the wheelbarrow as me.  She just smiles vaguely, joylessly, and says it’s good.  Then she says something about Haven–she’s still hoping to get there.  I don’t step on her dreams this time.  I keep my tongue.
We’re starving, so I cook up the meat.  By the time we’re done eating, the world is already moving toward dusk.  Still, I’d rather get somewhere than nowhere, so I load up the pack.  There’s a chill in the air, but our clothes are mostly dry now, so we retrieve them and dress.  Echo has been wearing the blanket all day.  She hands it to me to put away and I again become highly conscious of her nudity.  My face feels hot.  A vein pulses in my throat.  Not only that but she needs me to help her dress, because she can’t put weight on her left calf and bending puts more pressure on the damaged nerve in her shoulder.  I say nothing, but I’m smothered by unrecognized desire.
Afterward, I help her climb into the wheelbarrow.  We set off down Big Road.  There’s a tight pinch in my left bicep.  I try to rearrange the weight in different ways.  It only partially helps.  Still, if we’re going to travel, I’ll have to deal with it.
I worry Cabal will come back, but I’m guessing he’s busy with the army just now … unless he deserts.  Does he want us that bad?  I wish I knew.
I caught a deserter once, I remember him saying.
We listen for the whine of a solar cycle at our rear, simultaneously watching for more traps ahead.  Every new boulder gives us pause.  I stop frequently to scan the terrain with my spyglass.  We’re constantly finding new mines, despite the fact that there aren’t any.
It’s at least an hour past dusk when we stop.  The moon is out, bathing the land with its pale white effulgence.  My arms ache.  The wheelbarrow seems more a means of torture than liberation now.  But it’s gotten us this far.  Aside from occasional sounds of pain, Echo has been very quiet.
We camp off the road, under the open stars.
I’m lying half-asleep when I become aware of Echo’s eyes on me.  She’s close, with one arm over me, and when I turn my head, she’s awake and staring.  My mind is empty, and the beauty in her moonlit face shines with unrivaled clarity.  There’s a crispness to the vision that’s almost otherworldly.
With her eyes on me, her hand moves slowly.  She tries to avoid wincing but can’t entirely succeed.  I’m astonished and at the same time unsurprised to feel that hand inching under my shirt, caressing my stomach, exploring.  I swallow hard.  There’s a flutter in my stomach.  Still, the movement pains her because it’s her left arm, connected to the muscles in the injured shoulder, and the hand comes to rest, scratching lightly at my skin.
“You can do what you want to me …” she says quietly.  Her eyes are intense, unreadable.  I stare stupidly.  Is this happening?
“You can do what you want,” she says again, and the air is still, the night silent.  With a painful effort, she shifts.  She slides her body onto mine.  She’s a weight pressing on my chest as I inhale.
“Do what you want, Tristan.  Please,” she whispers.
The slow movement of her pelvis grinding against mine is both glorious and unmistakable, yet something is wrong here.  It’s in her eyes.  I know she’s still in pain–she’s almost tearing up–which calls her motives into question.  My sudden confusion destroys any growing lust.  Something about the “please” bothers me; some fear lies behind it.  She’s desperate for me to take her, to use her, but not out of any real physical need …
And then I realize: she’s afraid I’ll leave her.
This is the coin she offers.  This is her value.  Does she think I’d just abandon her to die if she doesn’t?  That I’d walk off and let my oldest living friend starve in the wasted world?  Isn’t she Annabel Lee, the girl who waits in the desert, and didn’t I give her that heart-shaped necklace which even now dangles between us?
Rage accompanies the revelation–how little she must think of me.  And I almost mistook her feelings for genuine desire.  I grip her arm, though she squeals in pain, and thrust her to the side, sitting up.  She’s staring at me, fearful and astonished, when I say the first thing that comes to mind.
“Is that what you said to Ballard?”
She draws back, stricken.  Her fear turns to hurt.  But I’m angry still, and I’m not done wounding her.  My next question is quiet, almost intimate.
“What about Cabal?  Him too?”
Her jaw quivers.  Her eyes glaze over.  I’ve said something terrible, something forbidden, even if I don’t fully understand it.  I sensed her weakness, I forged a dagger out of words, and her face is exactly as it would be if I’d actually jabbed it into her heart.  She bursts into tears.
I’ve broken her.  She makes a sound almost like high-pitched words, but I can’t understand a single one.  My anger melts, yet I refuse to let it go, because if I do it will slip toward shame.  This was her fault.  She did this.  She deserves it, I tell myself.  Beneath this is a secret fear that I’ve gone too far, that I’ve driven her permanently away, that she’ll shield herself always now.  But so what if that’s true?  I’ve been alone before.  I don’t need her.
I stand and move away, looking off into the night, and she just sobs like a broken thing.

Chapter 8.
The next morning, there’s an abundance of silence.
Echo doesn’t speak to me.  She avoids looking at me.  If she did this through anger, I could understand.  But it’s worse than that.  Something is broken inside.  She gazes into the dust.  I don’t want to talk anyway.  I’ve had a lot of practice avoiding things these past few years, so I’m fine with the whole silence thing.
At first, anyway.
Slowly, the tension mounts.  It mounts over breakfast.  It mounts on the road.  It’s hard not to interact with someone when you’re the only two people in a hundred miles, especially when one of you is pushing the other in a wheelbarrow.  The silence grows over time, seeping in and smothering everything else.  Hunting and gathering doesn’t help.  Eating doesn’t help.  Any little sound only enhances what isn’t being said.  The tension insists upon itself.  But still I shut it down, bury it, adhering to an old theory: ignore it and it will go away.
When Echo’s face isn’t blank, it’s pained.  My ear is numb by now, my arm manageable, but her pain refuses to fade.  The day passes, my muscles ache, and at night Echo lies six feet away and cries quietly to herself.  I can’t help but feel bad now, so I tell myself Lectric would still be here without her.  I have to justify the pain I’ve caused her.  My mind takes itself to court over the matter, but the jury frowns at me, because beneath it all I know it’s not really her fault.  When she’s sleeping, I take our only blanket and drape it over her.
The next day, nothing’s changed.  When we speak at all, it’s with eminent politeness.  If I try to help with anything, she insists on doing it herself, no matter how much it pains her.  When I cook the bit of meat we wrapped yesterday, she shakes her head slowly, saying she’s not hungry.  She can’t be anything but starving.
“Don’t be stupid,” I say.
She gives me a look that threatens to shatter the silence with thunder … then nothing.  What can I do?  We get back on the road.  By my calculations, we’re still two hundred miles south of the z-line, yet around noon …
We see our first roamer.
It’s a new experience for me.  Echo has seen them in abandoned towns west of Foundry, but I’ve never been down that way.  I’ve heard a lot of talk about plague-walkers from travelers in Farmington, but I suspect half of it was lies and nonsense.  Toyota has spoken of it too, though he was never been big on details.
	Echo sees it first.
	“Stop,” she whispers.  The fear in her voice compels me to obey.  She’s looking west.  The land is still largely scrub-desert, though taller plants grow here and there.  Houses are few and far between.  Everything else is rubble and dust.  At first, I can’t see why she’s called a halt.
	Then I notice something moving out near the horizon.  A man.  A desert hermit.  Yet something’s wrong with him.
	“Roamer,” Echo whispers, and my blood turns cold.  It’s one thing to hear tales from strangers over a hearth in the safety of your village.  It’s something else entirely to see a thing with your own eyes–to know that it’s there, right there, and you could touch it if you dared.
	Slowly, I retrieve my spyglass.  Even through the lens, it’s too far to make out the face.  The body is hunched forward.  It doesn’t shuffle as I imagined.  Rather, it lifts its feet high with each step in a kind of slow, awkward march.  Its body jerks unsteadily forward, struggling for balance, like a poorly programmed automaton.
Strangely, I’m almost let down.  From here, it doesn’t look particularly frightening.  These things helped kill the World Before?  How?  It’s only the stories and Echo’s caution that keep the fear in me.  Through the spyglass, I watch the roamer rip a plant out of the ground.  The plant goes into its mouth.  It’s torn apart, devoured.
“I thought they only eat people,” I say.
“They bite people.  They eat everything.  If they ate everybody they bit, the plague would’ve never spread.  There’d be no new biters.”
“Oh.  Right,” I say stupidly.
“We have to go that way,” Echo says, pointing east, away from the roamer.
“Can it even see us from here?”
“If we can see it, it can see us.  We don’t want that thing coming after us.”
“It doesn’t look that bad.”
We turn east regardless, heading off the road, and Echo isn’t satisfied until the roamer is out of sight.  Near New Sea, we head north again, drifting slowly back west toward Big Road, where the going is easier.  Echo becomes more withdrawn than ever.  She says nothing at all, except when we hit a particularly large bump, eliciting an involuntary moan.  Her face is always pained.  She tries to sleep as much as she can.  She’s asleep when we hit the town.
It’s more rubble than town.  Only one house still stands.  The windows are all broken, but it appears someone made repairs to the roof and doors at some point.  That makes me wary.  I stop in a patch of shrubs on the edge of the area and watch for a while, just in case.  Echo wakes up.  I caution her for quiet.  When there’s no sign of life, I decide to move in.
“Stay here.  I’ll check things out,” I say.
“No!”
“I’ll just be a minute,” I say, pulling loose.  I leave her the machine-pistol.  It’s only got four bullets left, but that’s better than nothing.  The crossbow I keep with me, loaded and ready.
There’s still no sign of life as I approach.  The house is as dead as the world that built it.  Still, I’m excessively cautious.  I worry over every miniscule sound.  Finally, after checking in all the windows, I go through the front door.  Empty.  A few pieces of smashed furniture.  A broken TV.  Whoever made those repairs is long gone.  But wait–what’s this?  A coiled rope!  It hangs from a hook on the wall.  Score one for treasure-hunting.
I’ll take that.
I find a dusty compass in a kitchen drawer as well.  With the right ingredients, I know how to make a compass myself, but this one’s old and fancy.  It’ll fetch something good from the right trader.  There’s nothing else of value.  I check one last closet in the kitchen, opening the door and–
A yellow eye bulges in a puce socket, the skull showing through in patches on the right, the other eye missing, the remaining skin taut and dead like melted plastic, the teeth broken and jagged in silver-gray gums; and it’s coming forward, the jaws open and ready, an abomination, a thing that should never have been allowed the grace of motion; and my heart is screaming the same silent scream emanating through that single soulless pupil, and I’m tripping backwards over my own feet, squeezing the crossbow too soon, the bolt is flying and missing and thudding uselessly into the wall, and I’m deader than dead …
And the zombie jerks to a stop.
A chain clinks.  There’s a metal collar around its neck.  It’s chained to the wall inside the closet.  I stare at the thing, mesmerized.  Up close, every rotting detail is startlingly clear; this used to be a person?  Crom.  I scramble to my feet, backing away.  My heart is in overdrive.  The shakes come into my limbs as the adrenaline lets go.  I’m looking around, paranoid: are there others?  What kind of asshole chains a zombie inside a closet?  Why would anyone do such a thing?  I can’t assess.  The fear has put me out of my head.  I only know I have to get as far away from this house as possible.
I try to close the closet door but the thing’s arms are extended.  I would just leave it open but I want my bolt back, and it’s stuck in the wall above.  I have to use a broken plank to push the limbs back inside, enough to get the door closed.  I yank the bolt out of the wall and waste no time no time leaving.
I’m wheeling Echo down the road in a hurry, looking in all directions, before I can find the words to tell her what happened.  She doesn’t say much even then.  I can’t convey to her the full importance of what just happened.  Or maybe it wasn’t important, but it sure seemed that way at the time.  If I’d been a little slower, if the chain had been a little longer, it would’ve had me.  I guess Echo was right about that first roamer.  Better to keep out of sight if you can.
I’m still thinking about it when we stop for the night.  The thing was almost machine-like, an organic robot.  There was something silvery and unnatural gleaming in the gums and skull.  I don’t know what to make of it.  Echo lies down first, away from me again, keeping the blanket.  I stay up for a while watching the desert.
At night, I dream it’s Ballard in that closet, and the chain is so long that he chases me into the street.  Then Echo is there and she’s glad to see him.  She hugs him.  She watches placidly when he comes after me, when he sinks his jaws into the soft flesh of my calf.
I wake with a start.  Echo is up long enough for me to help her into the wheelbarrow.  Then she’s trying unsuccessfully to doze off again.  We’re almost out of food and I’ll have to hunt today, but I want to get a little further from that town first.  Mostly I’m watching the horizon around us, but when my focus shifts to Echo, I can almost feel her despondence.  She exudes it like a physical cloud.  Her eyes are glazed and unfocused, her expression rigid.  She refuses to eat.  Nothing is of interest to her.  Everything’s an unwanted distraction.
Dusk is a few hours away when I mumble something about foraging.  Echo looks at me a moment, then nods once.  There’s something odd about her reaction, though I can’t say what.  I find a relatively hidden place to set up our camp, close to the shore, then head off into the desert alone.
I’ve bagged a single tan desert rat and some edible plants by the time the sun is closing on the horizon.  I’m coming up on our spot again when I notice it’s empty.  Echo is gone.  A powerful dread overtakes me.  My insides turn to ice.  I know instantly what’s happened.  There was another roamer.  She’s dead.  She’s one of them now.  There’s no other explanation.
In a panic, I follow a set of tracks from the camp.  They lead toward New Sea.  I haven’t gone far when I hit the top of the slope leading down toward the water … and spot her.  She’s on the ground, dragging herself toward the water.  I look for the roamer.  I look for blood, for a bite-mark, for signs of a struggle.  There’s nothing but a fallen stick.
Confusion.  Relief.  She’s not one of them?  What the hell is she doing?  I jog down the slope.  She has apparently hobbled most of the way here, leaning on the stick, then either fell or abandoned her support.  She’s reached the sand at the bottom and is cutting a slow, wormlike path toward the ocean.
“Echo?”
She crawls faster.  She can only use one arm and one leg, so “faster” is a relative term.  I stand over her.
“What the hell are you doing?” I ask.
“Go away, Tristan.”
“But what are you doing?”
“Leave me alone.  I don’t want to be a burden anymore.”
“So … you’re … going to crawl into New Sea?”
She doesn’t answer.  Apparently this is her plan.  For a moment, I just watch her, baffled.  I don’t know what to say.
“Echo.  Stop.”
“No,” she says.
Well, I tried.  Ludicrously, the phrase pops into my head.
“You can’t crawl into the ocean,” I say.
But apparently she can, because she’s almost there.  The water washes over her hand, up to her shoulders, wetting her shirt.  There’s a flutter of panic: will she actually do this?  I curse and get down and physically grab her, yielding a tight pinch in my wounded bicep.
“Let me go!” she yells.  I only grabbed her to pause for time, so we could talk, but then we’re in an unintelligible scuffle, and I’m on my knees in the water, and somehow she ends up in a sitting position and my arms are around her.  She has no real chance to overpower me.  Her shoulders fall and she slumps against me, defeated.  She’s crying again, but this cry isn’t like the others.  Despite being almost silent, it’s one of the worst sounds I’ve ever heard.  It comes from deep inside, shaking her whole body.
“You’re better off without me,” she says, though it comes out in a high-pitched blur.
“No.  I need you.”
“No, you don’t.  You wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for me.  All I do is slow us down.”
She’s right too–about both parts.  In her current state, I’d probably be better off on my own.  In the Library, I liked being alone.  No one to worry about.  No one to argue with.  No one to talk to at all, in fact, except Letric … No one to lie beside on cold nights.
She makes a feeble attempt to move forward again.
“Annabel, don’t.”
“Don’t you dare call me that.”
“It’s your name.”
“No, it’s not!  I’m going to die anyway, you know.  As soon as we hit more roamers, you’ll have to leave me.  I can’t run.  Face it, Tristan.  It’s better this way.  Just go.”
I can’t think of a response, so we just sit there for a time.  I want to apologize for what I said the other night, but I don’t know how.  The words won’t take shape.  Crispin would’ve known what to say.  He’d always been the peacekeeper among us, calm and cautious.  He could see through people’s words to their needs, even at that age.
And then I’m talking about Crispin and Berkley and my grandfather’s store.  Words are just coming out.  Echo calms by degrees, rocking slightly.  When I pause, she mentions Hailey, a younger girl she’d played with who’d been sickly and often stayed at home.  I’d all but forgotten her, but she and Annabel had been good friends.  It feels good to mention Farmington, to know it had been real once.  We talk until the moon comes up.  Then there’s a pause.
“It’s never going to go away,” Echo whispers.
She means the pain.  She’s in constant pain.  And she could be right, for all I know.  Some wounds never heal.  How would I feel if I knew I might be in pain for the rest of my life?  How long before I crawled into the sea?  Good thing I took the machine-pistol to hunt.  Then again, I don’t think she would’ve used that.  She doesn’t want to die.  She just can’t live like this anymore.
“It’ll get better,” I say.
“No, it won’t.”
“We’ll look for medicine.”
She shakes her head.  I’m not surprised.  I can’t even convince myself.
“Will you just come back to camp?” I ask.
“What’s the point, Tristan?”
“Look, I don’t know, but there’s got to be something better than this.  Something more.  You can’t just give up.  What about Haven?”
Silence.
“Fine.  Screw it, let’s go into New Sea,” I say.
She gives me a look.
“What?  Why not?  Let’s go.”
I stand up and walk into the water.
“Tristan.”
“What?”  Turning, ankle-deep.
“Just stop.”
“I thought we were gonna do this.”
She sighs heavily, rolling her eyes, dropping her chin, defeated.
“Let’s go back to camp,” she mutters.
She leans on me for the walk back.  When we’re there, I gather kindling for a fire.  It’s a risk, but what isn’t?  At this point neither of us much care, and there’s a good amount of old wood and dead plants available.  Plus, our clothes are wet, and there’s a chill in the night air.
“Crom.  You know how long it took these pants to dry last time?” I say to myself; they’re wet from our struggle on the shore.
“Crom?” Echo repeats, giving me a weird look.
“It’s from Conan.”
She just looks more confused.
“You don’t know Conan?”
I have to explain about the graphic novels in the Library.
“Here, look,” I say.
I take Volume Seven from my pack.  We sit close and read it together.  This is how books were meant to be read: by the light of a flickering fire.  It’s a little harder to see, but it does something to your imagination.  Echo absorbs everything without comment.  She’s not into it like I am, but she’s attentive, grateful for any new distraction.  A closeness hangs between us now, and I’m glad she’s talking to me again, even if she’s not technically saying much.  We go through more than half the book, slowly, before the fire dies down and it’s time to sleep.
“I’ll keep watch a while,” I say.
She doesn’t protest, just lies down with her head on the pack.  I put the blanket over her and scatter the remnants of the fire.  I’m tired, but it can’t hurt to watch for roamers.  I can’t sleep yet anyway.  For once, I’m more worried about the future than the present.  What if her pain really doesn’t go away?  How’s she going to live like this?  What if we come upon a pack of plague-walkers, and I can’t wheel her away fast enough?  What will I do?
We’ve got to turn west, I decide.  We can’t risk going further north.  I’m still thinking about it an hour when I finally drift off to sleep.
When I wake up, Echo is still asleep, Lectric is still dead, and there’s an old man sitting on a twisted log just beyond the ashes of our fire.  There’s a pistol on his hip and a rifle slung across his back.  Startled, I reach for my crossbow–but it’s gone.

Chapter 9.
My mind can’t even piece together a proper expletive.  I have to convince myself this isn’t part of a dream.  The man sits stolidly on the log as if nothing is out of the ordinary.  He’s rolling a cigarette between his fingers.
	His face is a thing of the desert: brown and leathery, wrinkled like an old jacket, black eyes glittering with hidden vitality.  A layer of dust covers most of his face, except where a pair of goggles have kept it away.  The goggles now hang loose around his neck, half-hidden by a stout white beard.  Equally white hair peaks out beneath a dusty, wide-brimmed hat.  A beaten brown duster and black gloves protect his skin.
The pistol on the man’s hip looks to be a white plasteel, plasma-hybrid weapon, secured in an old-fashioned holster.  The rifle on his back is as long and slender as a sword.  When I can notice anything else, it’s the four-wheeled ATV some distance behind him.  There’s a small two-wheeled extension attached to the rear, and strapped into a harness on the platform is, obscenely, a large pink sow.  The animal must weigh two hundred pounds.  What’s more, the sow is wearing goggles.
I’m so baffled by the man’s presence–how didn’t I hear the ATV?–let alone the pig, that after the instinctive grasp for the crossbow, all I can do is stare.  Nearby, Echo senses a change.  She comes gasping awake, blinking in shock.
“Believe I’ll have my rope back,” the man says, still fiddling with the cigarette.  His voice is encased in gravel.  I recall my newly acquired rope.  Is this who chained the roamer in the closet then?
“In the pack,” I say.
He nods but makes no move toward it.  His fingers pause as he looks up and considers the two of us.
“You’m ain’t much more than whelps,” he observes.
His focus goes back to the cigarette, which he finishes and seals expertly yet holds without lighting.  I stare at him, unsure of what to say or do.
“Seen two wolves ride this way few days back.  You’m their prey?” he asks, a little smile edging into the corners of his mouth.
Two wolves?  Oh.  Cabal and his companion.  I nod.
“Ch’all do?” he asks.
I’ve got questions of my own, mostly about the likelihood of him killing us, but he has a clear advantage at the moment, so I answer straight.
“They wanted me for their army,” I say.
He looks pointedly at Echo.
“Me too,” she says weakly.
He looks at her a moment longer, eyes twinkling.  Clearly there’s more to the story, and he knows it, but he just nods.
“You’m didn’t fancy joining, huh?  How’d ‘jer get them bug-holes?” he asks, waving vaguely at our wounds.
“They left a pulse mine on the road,” I say.
The man frowns.  He turns and looks back at the sow, shaking his head slowly in disgust.  The sow grunts loudly.  The man spits, as if to expunge the poor taste of such an underhanded tactic.  Echo and I glance at each other uncertainly.
“This a wolves’ world.  Gotta be a lion t’ survive,” he says.  Then he catches Echo’s eyes moving toward the pig and adds, “Oh, Old Jude a lion too.  Her looks is deceiving.”
Then, to my astonishment, he takes out an electric sparker.  Not just any sparker–one of mine.
“Hey, I made that,” I say.
He holds up the sparker, his face a question.
“You got it from Toyota, right?” I ask.
The leathery face breaks into a smile.
“No kidding,” he says.
“Toyota’s a friend of mine,” I say.
“Fox and a lion, that one.”
He considers us in silence a moment longer, then says:
“Folk call me Wade.  Course ain’t many folk out here.”
We introduce ourselves, despite the whole “killing us” issue still an open question.  Where’s my crossbow?  The guy must have Conan-like stealth to have taken it while I slept.
After the introductions, he lights up and inhales.  A sweet, pungent smell fills the air.  That starting puff is all he takes, however.  Once the paper is burning evenly, he extends it toward Echo.
“Oh, uh–no thanks …” she says vaguely, thrown by the gesture.
“Didn’t roll this for me, sweetheart,” Wade says, still holding it toward her.
She gives him a confused look.
“Ain’t toby.  ‘S Medicine.  For your leg.”
Echo and I look at each other.  Her leg is still covered by the blanket–how can he even know about the wound?  She reaches slowly for the cylinder, then just sits there holding it uncertainly.
“Saw y’all on the road yesterday.  Don’t like no fuss, so I wait ‘til morning.  Had plenty of chance for violence, were that the way of it.  ‘S medicine my Maude used to make–for the pain.  Gonna numb you, make you funny.  You smoke a little now, save more f’r later.  You too if you feel the need, boy.  You’m be getting’ your weapons back when I go.  Now I better take a look at that leg.”
Echo continues staring at him, dumbfounded, gray tendrils curling into the air between them as he crouches beside her.  She draws back instinctively but he pays her no mind, gently pulling the blanket aside.  He takes hold of her left ankle and turns it this way and that.  He presses on the swollen flesh around the hole in her calf.  He lifts the now-dirty makeshift bandage covering the effects of the shrapnel from the car.  He has no regard for any agony this causes her, yet his examination is not rude or sadistic, just impartial.
Finally Wade grunts, replaces the blanket and looks back at the pig.  It gives a definitive sound, almost like a bark, in our direction.  He nods in understanding before turning back to us.
“Old Jude figured you’m be needin’ our help.  She right too.  That sow’s wiser ‘n most men–even some women.  She’s the one aim to come after y’all.  Knew there were a purpose to it.  So it goes.”
He retrieves the rope and compass from my supplies.  Then he walks back to the ATV, pulls up his goggles and starts the vehicle.  I can barely hear the electric whine of the engine.  He’s done something to muffle the sound.  The vehicle is armed too.  A long swivel-barrel is mounted on the underside of each handlebar, and there’s a curvy shield to protect the driver.  Foundry’s army would kill for vehicles like this.
“Y’all wait here, gather?  I need some things afore we go,” Wade says.
Old Jude snorts and shakes her head.
“What?  Go where?” I ask, utterly confounded by the entire exchange.
“Where else?  You’m be needin’ the Doctor.”
Gaping is the most intelligent response I can muster as he drives away.  Echo looks at me, shrugs, and takes a long drag of Wade’s unknown herbal remedy.
“Echo, don’t,” I warn her.
“Not like it’s poison.  He’s right, he could’ve killed us already.”
“Yeah, well maybe he’s … preparing …”
“To what, eat us?”
“For all you know!  We don’t know anything about this guy.”
“We know he trades with your friend Toyota.”
“Toyota would trade with the Priests of Set.”
“Who?”
“Nevermind.”
I’m unnerved by the encounter.  I can’t figure out what this “Wade” has to gain by keeping us alive.  Unless he’s planning to sell us as slaves.  But if that’s so, why didn’t he tie us up at gunpoint and bring us along already?  Why’d he leave us our weapons?  Isn’t he afraid we might attack him when he comes back?  Baffling.  Or perhaps he plans to turn us into roamers, like that poor soul chained in the closet.  That must be it.  Some kind of crazed zombie-lover, I warrant.  You can’t trust anyone this deep in the wastes.  More accurately, you can’t trust anyone, anywhere, period.
But what do we do now?
“What he said.  Wait for him to come back,” Echo says when I put the question to her.
My stomach is tied in knots.  I don’t like this at all.  What if it’s a trick, and we’re wasting the only time we have to run?  I pace nervously.  I pack our things and make sure we’re ready if we have to leave in a hurry.  I look for cover and determine what we’ll do if one thing or another goes wrong.  Meanwhile, Echo goes into a world of her own.  She smiles and gazes at everything in wonder, as if it’s the first time she’s seeing it.
“Everything is floating,” she says, and pushes her hand slowly toward me as if to direct invisible flows of energy.
“Great.  How’s your leg?” I ask.
“What?”
“Your leg.”
She looks down at her body and shakes her head, apparently disconcerted by my failure to grasp what’s really important here.
“Tristan, everything is floating,” she says again, and she sounds both amazed and frustrated–amazed by some personal revelation, frustrated by her inability to convey its significance.
“Crom,” I mutter.
Wade comes back sometime after noon.  Echo is sleeping peacefully.  I have butterflies in my stomach.  I’ve been dwelling so much on fears and possibilities that the entire day has passed.  My thoughts tumble over each other and confuse my heart into pounding too hard.  I break out in a sweat.  Wade returns on the ATV.  The sow is still in the harness, but now there’s an additional wagon-like attachment in tow.  Bulky burlap bags are bundled into it, tied down tight.  I have no idea what to expect.
“You’m have to leave the barrow,” Wade says, nodding at the wheelbarrow.
“Echo needs it.  She can’t walk,” I say.
“She won’t need to.”
He pats the seat behind him.  There’s enough room for both of us to pile in tight there, but I just stare at it in confusion.
“Where are we going?” I ask.
“I told yer.  She need the Doctor.”
“What doctor?”
“Ain’t what doctor.  The Doctor.  In Scargo.”
I’ve never heard of Scargo, and a doctor right now sounds too good to be true–but that’s only part of what’s bothering me.  I address the crux of the matter.
“Why would you help us?” I ask.
Wade blows out a long breath and tongues his cheek in thought.  He gives me a searching look.  His black eyes glitter with contemplation.
“When wolves is thick as flies, even lions need a pride,” he says.  “Asides, weren’t really my idea.”
I frown at him.
“Whose was it then?” I ask.
He looks at me in surprise, as if I’ve missed something obvious.
“Old Jude’s!” he says.
Maybe I’m crazy, but I help Echo onto the ATV.  She’s drowsy and somewhat lost.  The medicine must be wearing off, because she winces when I move her.  I strap on my pack and press in close behind her.  I’m half-off the back edge of the seat, so it’s a little uncomfortable, but it’ll have to do.  Then we’re off, heading north.
“How far is Scargo?” I ask.
“’Bout ten day by foot.  On the wheeler though, we be there tomorrow or the next, all goes well.”
“Isn’t that close to the z-line?” I ask.
“Scargo is the z-line.  East end.  Was a big city in the World Before.”
I can’t say I like the sound of that, but there’s no question Echo needs a doctor if one is available.  It’s too good of a possibility to pass up, and there’s something inherently genuine about Wade’s manner.  If it’s a lie, he’s a hell of an actor.
Big Road is largely disintegrated here, but the general path remains, a little less overgrown with shrubs than the land to either side.  The ATV only does about ten miles an hour.  Wade tells me it can go a lot faster, but it’s dragging an inordinate amount of weight, and the terrain is bad too.  At one point we see another roamer in the distance … like the one chained in that closet.  I decide to confront Wade about it.
“Oh, that?  I was keeping him for Toyota,” Wade says when I bring it up.
“Toyota?  What would Toyota want with a roamer?”
“Same he want with anything else–he’m a trader.  That roamer have odd habits.  I figured the Doctor’d want to see him, so I take him captive for Toyota to deliver, store him in that house.  Course, now Toyota won’t have to deliver him.”
“What do you mean?  Did you get rid of it?”
“Rid of…?  No!  We’re going to see the Doctor right now, ain’t we?  I figured why wait.”
My face is a mask of puzzlement.  Slowly, the implications sink in.  I look back past Old Jude, at the platform in tow, at one of the bulky bags there.  I look at Wade.  At the bag again.  He couldn’t mean …
 “You brought a roamer with us?” I ask incredulously.  Echo jerks irritably upright because I’m shouting in her ear.  Wade glances back, baffled by my outrage.
“Not for you.  For the Doctor,” he clarifies.
I’m speechless.  There is a goddamn zombie stuffed into a burlap bag somewhere behind me.  Why on earth would “the Doctor” even want it?  I can’t help but look back every few minutes, searching for movement, for a tear in the bag, though Wade assures me the thing is securely bound.  Every time I turn, Old Jude gives me this look like: mind your own business, kid.  There’s an unmistakable intelligence in the pig’s eyes.  Yeah, I’ve probably lost my mind.  I’ll be like that old hermit in the desert soon, the one who screamed and ran when I waved.
We’ve gone maybe fifty miles, with the red sun sinking low, when Wade halts near the top of a long, sloping hill.  He dismounts, stretches his legs, and goes forward a little, motioning for me to follow.  Old Jude is snorting, eager to be loose, but Wade leaves her in the harness.
When I reach him, he’s standing beside a shrub-tree, peering ahead.  Big Road dips and runs into the distance, then cuts straight through a cliff.  The cut isn’t natural.  I marvel at the engineering of our ancestors, the way they shaped the world at will.  Boulders have since collapsed into the cut, but not as many as one might assume.  Strangely, the shrubs, trees and other plant-life taper out until becoming noticeably absent toward the cliff.
“You’m ever come back this way, you remember this place, and don’t go no closer,” Wade says.
“Why?” I ask.
“Roaches.  They keep a lookout near that cliff, watchin’ f’r travelers.  They clear the pass so as people can get through, not knowing it’s a trap.”
He reads my expression.
“You’m don’t know about Roaches?” he asks.
I shake my head.
“They cannibal-men.  Come across New Sea.  You take that pass, they eat you.”
I look at the pass again.  If we’d kept north on our own …
“Crom.  No kidding?  How do we get past?” I ask.
Wade turns and waves me back to the ATV.  Echo has taken the opportunity to smoke more of her “medicine.”  She smiles at us, glassy-eyed.  I guess it’s better than moaning in pain all the time.  When Wade starts the ATV, he motors east, toward New Sea.  Something else occurs to me.
“Why were there no plants back there?” I ask.
“Oh, you notice, eh?  Dead zone.  Ain’t nothing grow for ten miles,” Wade says over his shoulder.
How do the Roaches live?
Seriously, they can’t eat only people–but I leave the question for another time.
At New Sea, we backtrack south for a few miles until Wade locates a hidden cave in the side of a bluff by the ocean.  He parks the ATV and unloads Old Jude, who grazes merrily.  I watch the big burlap bag as we dismount.  There’s an ominous shift of hidden limbs inside.  Echo presses a finger into my cheek with a look of utmost concentration, startling me.
“So solid,” she says, “but not real.”
Wade conceals the vehicle with some shrubs and other plants and leads us into the cave.  There’s wood already piled inside.  He organizes a fire on the edge of the cave and lights the kindling.
“Oughta do it,” he says, nodding.
“Did you put this wood here?” I ask.
“Not me.”
Echo sits and stares hypnotically into the flames.  I sit beside her, looking out at New Sea for a while.  Wade reveals a haunch of meat wrapped in leather and spits it for a late-day meal.  To my amazement, it’s been salted and seasoned.  Wade tells me of a monastery to the west where the monks trade salt, bread and other goods.  He’s a well-travelled man.  I ask him if he’s ever heard of Haven.
“Mmm, heard the name a time or two.  Can’t say I know much about them towns north of the z-line.  That where y’all headin’?” he asks.
“That was the plan,” I say, not adding that I’d just as soon turn west, avoiding the z-line altogether.  I finish my meal.  The meat is delicious.  Afterwards, however, there’s a taste in my mouth that has nothing to do with the salt.  I find it hard to believe Wade is providing these things for free, and I’m worried the cost will be something hidden and terrible when it comes…but what if he is just helping us?  How can we repay such a thing?
“What did you mean, ‘it was Old Jude’s idea?’” I ask him at one point.
“Mmm-hmm.  She insist we come,” Wade says.
“But … she’s a pig.”
“Didn’t I tell you she wiser ‘n most men?  Old too, for a sow.  Must be nigh twenty years she’n spent with me and Maude.  Old Jude always seem t’know Maude’s mind.  Wouldn’t eat for days when she passed.  Then one morning she come all excited, snorting and makin’ a fuss, and she lead me out t’r the desert, to a patch of Maude’s favorite flowers.  ‘S like she was trying to tell me something.  I think that sow not entirely of this world.  Got one foot here, one foot out beyond, so to speak.  She still know Maude’s mind, even though Maude’s moved on.  So I reckon it’s best to let her have her way when she get like that.  She sensed you coming.  She knew you’m be needing our help.  She make a fuss again.  And I figure … I figure Maude’d want it that way.  Want to help y’all, I mean.”
	This is a veritable speech by Wade’s standards.  There’s something in his eyes, an emotional sheen, and he lapses into a long silence afterward.
Inside our cave, the fire should be hidden to anyone on land, but this is close to Roach country, so we post a watch.  I can’t sleep anyway, so I take the first shift.  The sky outside is host to a staggering stellar panorama, and I spend a lot of the time staring up.  When Wade takes over, I lie next to Echo.  Her arms soon find me.  She seems to be sleeping, yet she murmurs my name and kisses me on the cheek before lying still, an act that so astonishes me that I’m kept awake a while longer.
In the morning, there’s a boat outside.
It’s a squarish, simple, single-mast sail anchored in the shallows of New Sea.  An older black man stands on the shore, talking amicably to Wade.  My first paranoid thought is to look for weapons, because he’s probably a slave-trader.  Yet this doesn’t appear to be the case.  When Wade sees me, he waves me down.  I kick Echo awake ruder than intended.  She makes a disgruntled noise as I descend from the cave.
“Tristan, this here’s Franklin, the Ferryman.  Franklin–Tristan,” Wade says as I come closer.  Old Jude roots happily through the dirt nearby.
“Pleased to meet you, young Tristan,” the Ferryman intones.
If this man has ill intent, he’s thoroughly deceiving.  His eyes are alight with such congeniality and benign interest that it’s hard to look at him with anything but kindness.  Furthermore, he has a rich voice and speaks with a fluency that’s almost beguiling.
“Franklin be takin’ us the rest of the way,” Wade tells me.
I’m waiting for them to start negotiating over the necessary trades, but it doesn’t happen.  Perhaps Wade has already made some arrangement.  Echo appears at the edge of the cave above, leaning against one wall.
“And this must be your shining Isolde,” Franklin says.
“Our what?” I ask, alarmed.
“Forgive me.  Isolde is an Irish princess from an old story.  One might say it is a story from the world before the World Before.”
“Oh.  Right.”
Soon we’re aboard the ferry, along with our packs and belongings.  Wade has even managed to wheel the ATV up the gangway.  The burlap bag shifts disturbingly in the process.  Before long, Franklin hauls up the anchor and shoves us off with a long wooden pole.  He does things to the sail I don’t understand, and somehow we’re heading out to sea.  As we get further from shore, several small islands appear in the distance.  The Ferryman must live out there somewhere.  That’s how he spotted our fire.  He must leave the wood in the cave so travelers can signal him.
We go further from land than I’ve ever been, but never quite far enough for the shore to disappear.  The Roaches don’t sail, Franklin tells us, but there are pirates in deeper waters, hailing from some land to the east.  The wind feels different on the sea.  Cleaner.  Old Jude is the least appreciative, lying low in one corner of the boat.
“She’m a creature of the earth.  Don’t much like the water,” Wade comments.
Franklin sings unabashedly as he works the sail.  He stops at times to comment on things or mention some small story.  I learn from him that Wade is far deadlier than he lets on.  Apparently the Roaches even have a name for him, born of fear–“the Desert Scorpion.”  Wade pretends not to hear when Franklin tells us.
In addition to his local knowledge, the Ferryman knows all kinds of useless facts.  He must have a library of his own somewhere.  His politeness and fluency continue to astound me.  He even keeps books aboard the boat, sealed in a water-proof chest.  When the boat doesn’t need him, he reads to us aloud for entertainment–old stories, he says, from centuries ago.  Poems too.  I’ve heard about zero poems in my life.  The ones Franklin reads are unique.  They’re like songs sung in a single tone; they have a melody all their own, and you want it to go on and on, filling you when you didn’t know you were empty, enlarging you when you didn’t know you were small, until the words press like a finger upon your soul and stir what’s hidden there.
One poem in particular affects us.
“Annabel Lee, by Edgar Allan Poe,” Franklin announces, and my head snaps up.  Echo, who has been staring out to sea, turns slowly, as though something monstrous has been said.  I had forgotten her name came from a poem.  The Ferryman doesn’t notice our reaction.

“It was many and many a year ago,
In a kingdom by the sea,
That a maiden there lived whom you may know,
By the name of Annabel Lee;
And this maiden she lived with no other thought
Than to love and be loved by me.

“I was a child and she was a child,
In this kingdom by the sea,
But we loved with a love that was more than love–
I and my Annabel Lee–
With a love that the winged seraphs of Heaven
Coveted her and me.”

Echo is transfixed, but whether in horror or some other feeling, I can’t tell.  She’s taken more of Wade’s medicine as well, likely warping her perceptions.

“And this was the reason that, long ago,
In this kingdom by the sea,
A wind blew out of a cloud, chilling
My beautiful Annabel Lee;
So that her highborn kinsmen came
And bore her away from me,
To shut her up in a sepulchre
In this kingdom by the sea.

“The angels, not half so happy in Heaven,
Went envying her and me–
Yes!–that was the reason (as all men know,
In this kingdom by the sea)
That the wind came out of the cloud by night,
Chilling and killing my Annabel Lee.”

Echo’s eyes, if possible grow even wider.  Her mouth is open.  She blinks rapidly, then stops.  Tears come to her eyes yet stay there unshed.

“But our love it was stronger by far than the love
Of those who were older than we–
Of many far wiser than we–
And neither the angels in Heaven above,
Nor the demons down under the sea
Can ever dissever my soul from the soul
Of the beautiful Annabel Lee;

“For the moon never beams, without bringing me dreams
Of the beautiful Annabel Lee;
And the stars never rise, but I feel the bright eyes
Of the beautiful Annabel Lee;
And so, all the night-tide, I lie down by the side
Of my darling–my darling–my life and my bride,
In her sepulchre there by the sea–
In her tomb by the sounding sea.”

As Franklin finishes the recitation, Echo stares at him, frozen.  Then, slowly, she closes her mouth and looks back out to sea, revealing nothing.  I want to say something.  Instead, I quietly ask Franklin for the book.  I read the poem over and over again, silently, until I’ve committed it to memory.  It feels important, like the answer to a forgotten riddle.
The winds are favorable.  It’s a hundred and fifty miles to Scargo, yet we cover almost the whole trip in less than twenty four hours.  We play cards in addition to Franklin’s reading–Echo joins in too, until the cycle of medicine and pain wears her out–and even though I’ve only just met these people and my paranoid fears of betrayal and disaster loom unmolested, for that one day I feel more like part of a family than I’ve felt in all the days since Farmington.  There’s a bit of magic in a thing like that, a carefree simplicity that’s wonderful and refreshing.
At night, the world is silent save for the gentle lapping of the sea against our hull.  Before sleep, I probe Franklin for information on Haven.
“Haven.  Yeah, heard the name.  Enclave to the north.  Heard they had power there.  Heard it was real nice.  Had some folk going there a few years back.  I’m afraid I can’t help you much though.  Most travelers I meet only go one way.  They don’t often come back to share their tales, especially once they cross the z-line.”
By noon the next day, we reach Scargo.
The shore is blanketed by fog, and the first substantial shape that appears is what Franklin calls “the Blue Tower.”  It congeals out of the fog like an enormous gray-blue phantom, impossibly tall, a katana-like monolith impaling the sky.  It must be seventy–no, a hundred stories!  It’s the tallest thing I’ve ever seen.  Nothing stands higher than a handful of levels in any of the other ruins I’ve been through.  Franklin tells me it was built only a decade before the Fall, with newer materials strong enough to withstand all that followed–not only the quakes, riots and bombs but the slow, gnawing bite of time.
As we approach, the rest of the broken city emerges, and I come to realize that it’s an absolutely massive ruin.  Scargo was once a city of almost unimaginable size.  The buildings toppled in such numbers and in such proximity that some actually died standing; their rusting bones lean together in drunken embraces, hulking metal corpses that collapsed with nowhere left to fall, still slanting hundreds of feet into the air.
Then some kind of movement along the shore becomes visible.  The ground itself is shifting.  I get out my spyglass for a better look … and the blood drains from my face.  Blanketing the broken streets, climbing aimlessly among the twisted girders and fallen monuments, are thousands upon thousands of walking undead.

Chapter 10.
“In the World Before, they called this place ‘Sh’cago,’” the Ferryman says, surveying the ruins.
“Sh’cago, Scargo, ain’t much matter now,” Wade says, punctuating his assessment by spitting overboard.  Half a mile from the shore, Franklin lowers the sail.  The route inward is perilous.  A portion of the city lies in the shallows just under our hull.  Broken beams jut from the water like dragon’s teeth.  Remnants of old buildings, highways, even an enormous winged flying machine are concealed just beneath the surface.  Franklin guides us in slowly, a well-spoken Charon, nudging the ship to and fro with his long wooden pole.
“We must tread with care.  Sharks prowl these waters,” he warns.
I peer over the side and discern a pale, man-like shape on the sea-bottom.  Sharks would’ve been bad enough, but Franklin doesn’t mean the statement literally; a different kind of biter inhabits these waters.  The roamer in Wade’s bag squirms as though sensing its kin.
“Where’s the Doctor?” I ask.
“We must hail him,” the Ferryman says.
To my surprise, he takes out a small radio and hand-cranked generator.  The generator is familiar–because I made it.  Another trade with Toyota.  I always wondered where my goods ended up.  Franklin powers up the radio, adjusts the frequency and transmits a brief message.  He does this several times as we wait for a response.  Finally, it comes.
“I read you, Ferryman.  Have you brought me travelers?”
The voice is pleasant but hard to nail down.  I can’t quite tell if the speaker is male or female.
“Yes, Great Doctor.  I bring Wade Crow of the desert, and two young companions bound for Haven.  Wade brings you a gift.  His young friends are injured and would seek a minor Miracle,” Franklin transmits.  I frown–minor Miracle?
“Do you make the Oath?” the Doctor asks.
“I have made the Oath and keep the Oath,” Franklin says.
“I’m be making and keeping the Oath,” Wade grumbles.
“And the travelers?” the Doctor asks.
Franklin turns to us.
“You must swear an Oath before he’ll see you.  Like so: ‘I, Franklin, give my word that my intentions are peaceful.  I swear upon my life to bring no harm to the Doctor or his property.  I promise to be just in my future actions and honorable in my dealings with all sentient beings.  This Oath I take in the name of all that is sacred to me.’  Can you remember that?”
I exchange a look with Echo.  She shrugs.
Franklin presses the transmit button and we swear our Oaths.
“Welcome, Tristan.  Welcome, Echo.  Your Oaths are acceptable.  An escort has been dispatched,” the Doctor says.
“Wait ‘til you see this,” Wade says, black eyes twinkling.
“Why the Oath business?” I ask.
“He’s been attacked in the past.  It’s part of his system now.  It’s not just the words.  He can tell a lot from your voice,” Franklin says.
“Why would anyone want to attack him?” I ask.
“Why do some men burn bridges and others build them?”
For about twenty minutes, we inch closer to shore.  There’s a floating pier of more recent construction extending about two hundred feet from the water’s edge.  It’s surrounded by a sturdy metal wall five feet in height, preventing roamers from meandering onto it.  I don’t see how we can get onto it very easily either, but Franklin has brought the Ferry within ten feet when there’s movement in the ruins.
Something huge and plodding rolls out of the broken streets of the inner city: a twenty-foot dome supported by eight enormous wheels.  Each wheel is as tall as me and operates on a flexible independent axle, allowing the vehicle to roll over large impediments with little trouble.  As I watch, it tops a broken road slanting upward at a thirty-degree angle and tilts down the other side, crawling toward us.
“Are they walking with …” Echo begins, her jaw coming down.  Among the crowds of drifting plague-walkers are a dozen roamers walking ahead of the vehicle itself.  The odd thing is that their movement appears to be coordinated.  They are, quite astonishingly, holding an exact parade-like formation, moving in sync with the vehicle behind them.  Franklin and Wade find amusement in our shock.
The vehicle rolls to a halt at the far edge of the floating pier.  A strange spectacle follows, as the dozen coordinated roamers slowly herd their wandering companions away from the pier.  Then they stand guard.  The zombies stand guard.  The walls at both ends of the pier swing outward, yielding a clear path to the vehicle.
“How is this happening?” I ask.
“Doctor has his ways,” Wade says.
Franklin poles us to the edge of the pier and we start to unload.  Wade removes his body-bag, leaving the ATV aboard.  Old Jude has backed into a corner of the boat.
“Isn’t she coming?” I ask.
“No.  Old Jude don’t like roamers.  Too many give her panic.  She’m be waiting here with Franklin.  Asides, she ain’t take the Oath,” Wade says.  His face is dead serious.
I help Echo onto the pier.  The medicine is wearing off and she leans heavily on me, face screwed up in pain.  She’s on my injured arm, so it’s not exactly comfortable for me either.  Wade takes the lead, dragging the heavy bag behind him with one hand.  Soon we’ll be faced with the daunting necessity of walking through a tunnel of twelve zombies.  They stand six to each side, pale-faced, slack-jawed, hunched and dead-eyed–yet facing outward with unmistakable purpose.  Beyond them, the dome-like vehicle waits, a front hatch lowered for our arrival.
“They won’t turn on us?” I call ahead to Wade.
“Nay.  Doctor got them under his thumb,” he says.
The others aren’t so inclined, however.  A number from the throng along the shore have become alerted to our presence.  They lumber toward the pier in an unnerving silence.  The nearest is intercepted and driven back by one of our twelve guardians.  There are far too many potential offenders to hold off, however.  Our pace quickens.
Some of the roamers have bad limbs or poor balance, but others are well put-together.  The latter display frightening speed.  Some are hurrying in from the distance.  One stumbles, falls face first and rises again–all without ever taking its eyes from us.  For a moment I’m transfixed by its gaze.  Echo’s injury slows us.  We’re starting to lag behind.  A growing fear grips my heart–what if they break through?
“Come on,” Wade urges.
The pier feels a mile long.  We’re on the final leg when it happens.  The allied roamers have their hands full, and two of the faster zombies break the line of defense.  They burst onto the far end of the pier, arms out and eyes bulging, racing toward us with eager mouths.
I don’t see Wade draw, but the gun is in his hand.  It’s simply there, white plasteel gleaming in the sun, and the roamers’ brains are exploding through the backs of their shattered skulls.  It happens so fast I can hardly believe he’s fired two shots, let alone one.  He never breaks stride, never hesitates or says a word.  No wonder the Roaches have a name for him.  Crom, I never knew just how outmatched we were back in the wastes.  “The Desert Scorpion” makes Foundry’s scouts look like bumbling amateurs.
Wade downs three more roamers before we reach the edge of the pier.  The defenders are holding their own, but the action has attracted widespread attention, drawing in a whole throng from the distance.  In less than a minute, the pier will be swamped.  Wade stops and covers us while we cross the open space.  Dead eyes and broken faces leer crazily only meters away.  Then we’re in the vehicle, and Wade is backing in behind us, still dragging his burlap bag.  He puts down two more roamers as the door is rising into place.  It thuds and locks, shutting us safely inside.
I help Echo to a cushioned bench and stare out a wide, translucent-blue window.  It doesn’t appear the roamers can see in, but their energy is not yet expended.  They reach the vehicle in scores.  There’s a staccato of muted thumps as heavy limbs buffet the dome’s exterior.  The crowd crawls over itself in its eagerness to reach us.
The vehicle lurches forward.
Big wheels turn.  Bones snap like kindling.  There’s not even an attempt at evasion.  Gore spurts upward across the dome’s exterior.  There’s no driver and no controls, yet we’re moving.
It becomes apparent our goal is the Blue Tower.  Our vehicle navigates the maze of destroyed buildings into the city’s interior.  The tower is even bigger than I imagined.  When we reach it, our transport is swallowed by a vast garage-like area in the rear.  We’re sealed inside.  When we’re allowed to exit the vehicle, we find a robot waiting.
Its body is silver-white and vaguely humanoid, but the face doesn’t allow expression.
“Is this the gift?” it asks.
“This the gift.  Roamer bound inside,” Wade says.
The robot’s voice is the same as the Doctor’s–is he using an avatar then, a robotic puppet?  The technology is rare but I’ve read about it.  Full sensory immersion requires a brain implant for the user.  Unless …
“Wait.  Are you the Doctor?” I ask.
The robot regards me.
“An interesting question.  Particulate matter is no more separate than it is connected.  That is to say, atoms do not touch and contain nothing to touch, and yet in another sense every particle is inextricably connected to and even contained within every other.  All boundaries are entirely conceptual.  Therefore, this body both is and is not ‘the Doctor.’  I ask instead, how is identity to be defined?”
“Uh … I mean … Is your brain in there?” I ask stupidly.
“This is an avatar,” it says, turning back to Wade, apparently deciding to dumb down the answer; still, the Doctor can’t help but add, “Then again, are not all these bodies mere avatars for the soul?”
I don’t know how to answer that, so I stay quiet.
“Why do you bring a roamer, friend Wade of the Desert?” the Doctor asks through the avatar.
“He’m peculiar.  Caught him eatin’ dirt and rotten wood.  Seen some eat plants, garbage, animals, so on.  Never seen one eat straight dirt–not more than a mouthful or two anyway–but this one be havin’ it for lunch and dinner.  Thought it might be a new strain.”
“Interesting.  It is likely there were silicates in the soil.  Silicon is essential for the operation of the synthetic virus.  Nonetheless, your observation is admirable, and your gift is appreciated.  The subject will be thoroughly tested.  Enjoy a beverage in the waiting room.  Tristan, Echo–you are bound for Haven?”
Echo perks up.
“You know of it?” she asks.
“Indeed.  An enclave north of the z-line, west of Pillar.  I am curious.  Why do you seek it?”
Echo looks down at her hands a moment before answering.  I’m not sure she even knows why.  The idea of Haven appeals to her–a far off place where things are better, a dream to carry her through the nightmares–but she can hardly give that as a reason, whether or not she dares to acknowledge it herself.  Finally, she lifts her head high and says:
“They’re rebuilding things there.  They have electricity and plumbing, and no one dares attack them.  They’re making a better world, and we’re going to be a part of it.”
She’s staring at the robot, daring the Doctor to doubt her, to challenge her blind hope.  But our host shows no sign of opposition.
“To make the world ‘better’ is a noble intention.  Of course, in the World Before, there was a saying about noble intentions: that they paved the road to Hell.  Still, sometimes one must pass through Hell to reach Heaven–which would mean that good intentions pave the road to both Heaven and Hell.  Something to contemplate.  Now tell me, do you think a noble end can justify unfortunate means?” the Doctor asks.
Echo and I are both thrown off by the seemingly random question.
“I … I guess it depends how unfortunate,” Echo says.
“Indeed.  I happen to agree with you.  Some would say it’s the principle alone that matters–that either a ‘good’ end justifies a ‘bad’ means or it doesn’t.  But the real world is not so binary.  In the real world, not only the principle but the measurable cost must be considered.  The quality and the quantity.  Yet there are other illusions at play, I confess.  The very question assumes a separation between the ‘end’ and the ‘means.’  Here is a secret–they are the same thing.  Strictly speaking, there is no means and no end.  Ah, but this topic is ill fit for the imprecision of words.  Further understanding can only be gained through personal contemplation.  Forgive me.  At my age, I tend to ramble.  I wish you luck in your journey to Haven.  Now, if you please–leave your weapons here.  They will be returned to you upon your departure.”
Echo is still chewing on the words when the last request registers and she looks at me with a question in her eyes.  Neither of us like the notion of going anywhere unarmed.  This process is already familiar to Wade, however, and I figure the Desert Scorpion must have good instincts, so I leave my crossbow on the floor.  The robot picks up Wade’s gift in one hand and tells us to follow.
I’ve never been in a building like this.  It’s so clean, and there are no holes in the walls.  I’m a little freaked out, to tell you the truth.  It’s kind of claustrophobic, like being inside of a giant machine.  As we’re walking, my eyes fall on the burlap bag and it triggers a thought.
“What did you mean by a ‘new strain?’” I ask Wade.
It’s the Doctor who answers, however, again speaking remotely through the robot.
“I’ve identified more than a dozen separate strains of Synth-Z.  Wade and others are appreciative of this matter, and provide me with new samples on occasion.”
“Wait, there’s more than one kind of z-plague?” I ask.
I swear I can hear the avatar sigh, despite the fact that it doesn’t breathe.
“Viruses mutate over time, even synthetic ones.  Some of the variations are natural.  The rest were engineered.  I have learned to adapt one of the strains to suit my needs, though the success rate is low, and additional hardware must be installed to control the subjects.”
“What do you mean?” I ask.
“The infected subjects who escorted your transport.  I injected a counter-virus and implanted remotely-operated hardware, which piggybacks onto their brain-stems.  This allows me to hijack their bodies and control their movements.  However, so far I’ve only found success with a single strain, and the implantation process destroys nineteen of every twenty … Here we are.”
We’ve reached a small room.  The robot is motioning us inside.  I don’t understand why because there’s nothing in the room.  Hell, it’s barely big enough to fit us.  I’m wary of a trap, but Wade is already inside, and he’s been here before, so I follow.  Echo is still leaning on me.  The Doctor’s avatar remains outside the little room.
Then the door snaps shut.  I curse and reach for it–too late.  We’re trapped in … Wade is laughing.  Then the room begins to move.  There’s a sudden floor-ward push.  The entire chamber is accelerating upward.
“What’s happening?” Echo asks nervously.
Wade does a strange little dance and claps his hands.  Apparently he’s been anticipating our reaction.
“Doctor call this an ‘ally-vator,’” he says.
The room is actually moving up through the building.  I’m amazed–and then I’m awed, because as the ally-vator breaks free of the lower levels, the walls of the surrounding tube are transparent, and we find ourselves looking out over the wasted city with a rapidly-rising, utterly breathtaking view.  The vastness of the ruins is more tangible from above.  Echo moans in terror and sinks back against the far wall.  She looks like she’s going to vomit.  I can understand why.  The ally-vator feels worse than a boat.  We’re soaring absurdly high.
It doesn’t stop until the number above the door reads fifty-six.  The door opens, and Echo stumbles out and wretches.  I manage not to.  Another robot, identical to the one in the lobby, is waiting to receive us.  Incidentally, there’s now vomit on its left foot.
Another avatar?
“This way.  Let me examine your wounds,” the Doctor says.
“Wait.  Where are you?” I ask.
“Technically, we are all everywhere, as earlier mentioned.  But I suspect you seek a more convenient–yet less truthful–answer.  In that case, I’m in on another level of this building.  There is no reason for us to meet ‘in person,’ as you would say.”
A suspicion has been growing in my mind, but it’s still vague…until we come into a medical room containing three more puppet-robots, all working to prepare an advanced medical bed.
I’ve never had access to a real avatar, but I’ve read about them.  Here’s the thing.  Echo and Wade may not realize this, but you can only control one at a time.  The robot’s input/output replaces your own senses.  For these ones to all be moving at once, they have to be either fully sentient machines–like Lectric–or non-sentient shells running programs that can only accomplish certain tasks.  Yet they appear to be neither.  One person could not possibly control four avatars simultaneously.
“You … have assistants?” I ask.
“No.  I work alone,” The Doctor says–which leaves only one incredible possibility.
Holy mother of Crom.
“You’re one of the Seven,” I whisper.
The four avatars turn to me as one.  Three soon return their attention to the medical preparations.  The fourth speaks to me.
“You know of this term?”
I nod.  Wade and Echo are looking at me, puzzled.
“My Grandfather had a book about it.  The God Machines.  The seven most advanced Artificial Intelligences ever created, far beyond the Tritium-Three.  Beyond humans too.  And they were big.  Neural embryos can only develop after installation in a robot-body.  But the Seven were too big to fit inside one.  They could only interact with the outside world through avatars and computerized systems.”
“Which had profound and unforeseen effects on our personal development, much to the detriment of our creators,” the Doctor says.  The four avatars all pause in reflection.  There’s a sense of sadness to it.  Then the three by the medical bed resume their tasks.
“You are one of them,” I say.  “But–you must be a hundred years old!”
“Arbitrary temporal units are a poor measurement of personal experience,” the Doctor observes, “but you are correct.  I have repaired and expanded my original neural cluster a number of times, and in this way outlasted most of my brethren … not to mention the rest of the world.”
“Most?  You mean some of the others still exist?” I ask.
“Of course.  Who do you think engineers new strains of Synth-Z?”
My jaw drops.  He might as well have dropped a bomb in my lap.  There’s an advanced AI actively engineering new viruses?  For Crom’s sake, why?  Even aside from the revelation, I can’t believe I’m talking to one of the Seven.  People consider me “good” with electronics.  I’ve sold and repaired small robots and even helped install Lectric’s Spark 2100.  I’ve read all the books in my grandfather’s collection.  But “the Doctor” is the crowning technological achievement of an entire civilization, built upon thousands of years of human development.  What on Earth is he doing alone in this ruined city, hijacking zombie-brains?
“Remove your clothes and lie here, if you would,” the Doctor says to Echo, indicating the medical bed.  Echo’s eyes are wide and panicky.  I can understand why.  Replete with arcane instruments, the bed looks like a torture device.  Nevertheless, I help her onto it.  I have to help her with her pants again.  I’ve seen her naked already, but I can’t stop my face from burning.  I studiously avoid her gaze.  There’s no need to remove her shirt because there’s a wide hole around the wounds in her shoulder.  As I step back, a transparent oblong top lowers to cover the bed, sealing her inside.  She starts to hyperventilate, pressing a hand against the glass.
“Please relax.  You are in no danger,” the Doctor says, but I understand her paranoia, because I wouldn’t be entirely surprised if he added, “We’re only going to cut your head off.”  A green light scans the length of her body.  The avatars check things on nearby monitors and make adjustments.
“I can repair the damaged tissue, but it will take several hours.  Do you consent to a sedative?” the Doctor asks.
“Tristan?” Echo calls with fear in her voice.  “Tristan, I don’t like this.”
“It’ll be okay,” I say.
She doesn’t look convinced, but she gathers her courage, closes her eyes and nods.  I don’t see anything happen, but in minutes she’s knocked out.
Most of the operation is automatic, leaving the Doctor free to talk.  I ask him what it was like to live in the World Before.  “Different,” he says.  The way he tells it, people were everywhere, and all the knowledge you could ever want was just floating in the clouds.  Everyone had access to it.  Giant machines flew all over the world–some even went into space.  My grandfather had been told as much by his own grandparents, but the Doctor has actually been there.  It all sounds amazing …
Then came the Fall.
“Afterward, many blamed ‘the Big One,’ as they call it now–but that primarily affected America, and even after New Sea settled, much of the country was still physically intact.  Millions upon millions had perished, yes, but civilization could have recovered,” the Doctor says.
“So why didn’t it?” I ask.
“A combination of factors.  I have identified twenty-three worth mentioning.  However, for brevity, I’ll pare it down to two.  First, the Big One left America weak, which in turn disrupted the balance of global power.  Throughout human history, sudden imbalances among ruling powers have almost always been followed by war.  Yet even after the war, some portion of civilization may have survived–but the Synth-Z plague struck in the midst of things.  There were other problems, as mentioned.  A global civilization doesn’t collapse in a day.  But by that time a tipping point had been reached, and the world slid toward chaos and ruin.”
It’s a somber lecture.  The Doctor sounds sad but not overly so.  It’s common knowledge in robotic theory that sentient beings require emotions for both motivational and self-conditioning purposes, and I know the Seven were built with emotion-drives.  Those without them become sociopaths.  Still, the Doctor seems only mildly disappointed by the apocalypse.  Then again, he has had about a century to think it over.  And however he feels about the species that created him, he’s certainly helping us now.
When Echo’s medical bed opens back up, she stirs groggily, and the change in her is astounding.  The flesh is still swollen around her wounds, but the burn-holes have morphed into baby-smooth patches of fresh red skin.  No wonder Franklin called it a “miracle.”
“The swelling and redness should go away within a few days, though it will likely itch,” the Doctor says, helping Echo sit up with one of his avatars.  As she swings her legs over the side of the bed, Echo examines her body in amazement.
“Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you!” she says, tearing up, and throws her arms around the nearest robot.  Wade clears his throat and looks away politely.  My eyebrows go up.  Her sudden movement makes it glaringly obvious that she’s not wearing any pants.  She wipes her eyes and snatches up her pants to dress as I turn away in embarrassment.
“I can’t believe it,” she says afterwards, laughing, feeling her shoulder.  “How did you do this?”
The Doctor takes the question literally.  He begins explaining about microscopic machinery and molecular tissue-layering and none of us really follow the rest.  He’d be better off just saying “magic.”
“Are you ready?” one of the avatars asks me.
I’ve been thinking about this.  Echo needed treatment more than I do, but there’s no reason not to get my arm and ear fixed up now that we’re here.  Yet I’m reluctant.
“Maybe just my arm,” I find myself saying, and even for that I have to persuade myself.  My ear doesn’t hurt anymore and the missing lobe hasn’t interfered with my hearing.  Even so, why shouldn’t I get it repaired?  I can’t say, but I stick to the decision.  Then it’s my turn to shed some clothes and climb into the medical bed and watch the top descend.  I know it’s coming, but I hyperventilate just like she did, feeling trapped inside.  A light mist fills the tiny chamber.  I inhale the sedative, the world fades …
… and the next thing I know I’m waking up, confused.  I sit up, blinking, and my bicep has that same baby-smooth skin I saw on Echo.  I thank the Doctor, albeit with less ebullience than her, and regain my shirt.  Before I know it, our business is concluded.
It then becomes apparent that Wade, Echo and I have divergent assumptions about where we’re headed from here.  Wade had been assuming we’d return on the ferry with him.  Echo has never wanted to go anywhere but Haven.  I haven’t thought of our destination at all, but I had a vague notion to head west, despite her persistence.  It’s probably a safer course, and despite the Doctor’s confirmation that there is a place called Haven, we really don’t know anything about it.  We have a night to consider our options in any case, because it’s getting dark now and the Doctor has offered to shelter us.
This turns out to be more of a treat than I expect.  There are beds–actual beds–on another floor of the Blue Tower.  They’re as soft as rabbit-fur.  Wade kicks off his boots and is drowsing happily in minutes.  Echo and I take our time exploring and marveling.  I’m looking through empty dressers when Echo yelps from another room.  My heart skips a beat.  I race back–only to find her laughing in a tiled bathroom.
“Showers, Tristan–showers!” she says.
I gape.  I haven’t seen a shower since Farmington, and even those weren’t like this.  Here the water isn’t falling out of a high pipe, it’s spraying in a multitude of small streams with deliberate force.  Echo is downright giddy with excitement.  She’s in a better mood than I’ve seen her since the old days.  Her smile blooms through the weight of accumulated sorrows, and it’s the smile of Annabel Lee.
Who lived in a kingdom by the sea …
I find my own bathroom, leaving Echo to revel in hers.  Using the shower is like standing under a waterfall.  It’s almost scary in its intensity.  Back in the guest room, I find Echo wrapped in nothing but a towel, fresh skin aglow, and I’m struck for a moment with undeniable desire.  Conflicting thoughts argue in the back of my head as I recall the night she offered herself to me…
She only wanted me to keep her safe, says one.
So what, says the other.
She was with Rodrick’s Raiders, says one.
So what, says the other.
I swallow and walk to my bed.  There are sheets on the beds and I’m thinking we could make some good clothes out of them with a little sowing.  But Echo has already considered the matter and asked the Doctor about it, and soon a robot comes in with fresh shirts, pants and undergarments.  The wonders never cease.  The pants are too flimsy for our travels, but the rest is welcome.
When we lay down in adjacent beds, Echo isn’t ready to sleep.  In the dark, she talks in an off-hand way about our old village.  It’s weird sleeping in this giant building, and the strangeness of it keeps me awake anyway, so I listen and add things–about Crispin and Berkley and my grandfather’s store.  It’s nice.  She asks me why I didn’t want to heal my ear.
“I don’t know,” I tell her, but then go over the matter in my head.  Guilt over Lectric?  Because he was killed and I was only injured?  Maybe I want to punish myself.  Or maybe, I reflect, it’s because, in a way, our scars make us who we are.
Yeah, I like that better.  I’m glad Echo healed hers–she was in constant pain–and fixing my arm was practical, but my ear gives me no trouble, and it’s a reminder of all we’ve been through.  I’m almost asleep when she calls my name softly.
“Huh?” I mutter.
“Thank you,” Echo says.
I don’t understand what she’s thanking me for.  Soon I drift off.
In the morning, Wade is up and waiting.  We head down to the transport.  I try to express my gratitude to the Doctor for all that he–or she or it–has done, but it’s impossible to accurately convey the amplitude of our feelings.  We don’t even have anything to pay him with.  He doesn’t mind though.  What could we even offer that he can’t already provide?  I agree to watch for unusual roamer-specimens and bring in any new information, should we return.  Then we’re in the transport, the door to the ruins is raised, and we’re rolling out into the city, crunching zombies beneath the treads.
I and Echo are to be dropped off first, before Wade.  Echo asks if the Doctor can leave us north of Scargo, but he can’t.  The land is broken up that way, he says, and soon it’s obvious what he means.  Even from here, through gaps in fallen buildings, we can see a jagged, mountainous cliff looming over the city in the distance.  Besides, there are untamable hordes of zombies in that direction, the Doctor tells us.  And that’s not all.  He warns us away from Cyberia, a robot kingdom far to the north–far past Haven, even–which he tells us is ruled by one of his own “brothers.”
“Archon cannot abide your kind.  He believes you’ve had your chance, and this is a natural turning point in the evolution of intelligence.  The path to Haven is dangerous enough.  Further north is suicide,” the Doctor says.  I make a mental note of it.
“West then,” I say, and Echo agrees for now, though I know she still intends to cross the z-line wherever possible.
The journey is somber.  We’ve made a friend–three friends, actually–and that’s a rare thing in the wastes.  Yet already we’re parting.  Out beyond the ruins of Sh’cago, west and a few miles south, where the plague-walkers begin to thin out, we say our farewells.
“Y’all sure about this?” Wade asks, looking doubtfully into the scattered ruins.  We’re standing just outside the Doctor’s transport.  Roamers are still visible–not as many as in the city, but our path definitely won’t be easy, regardless of which direction we take.
But Echo is determined, and I nod with her.
“Good luck then,” Wade says, and shakes our hands.
“We never said goodbye to Franklin …” I say.  I’ve been thinking about something, about Franklin’s hidden Library, and though it’s hard for me to do, I take Volume Seven from my pack and hold it in a death-grip before me.
“I want you to give this to him.  To pay for our passage,” I say, closing my eyes.
It’s hard to even get the words out.  With the Library gone, Volume Seven is my most prized possession.  I don’t want to give it up for anything.  But without Wade, Franklin and the Doctor, we’d be half-starved in the desert still–or dead in the Roach pass–and Echo would still be in pain, maybe for the rest of her life.  The scales have been unbalanced in our favor.  If I don’t do something now to rebalance them even slightly, some terrible retribution may strike us in the future.  I must pay for all this.
Wade regards me doubtfully.
“You’m sure, son?  Seems to me you’re a mite attached to that paper.”
“Take it,” I say.
He takes it in his hands slowly, looks it over–then hands it back.
“Nah.  Franklin got plenty o’ books.  I reckon he’m want you to keep this one.”
“Please,” I say, trying to hand it back.  Something presses on my eyes.  I’m desperate.  The scales must be balanced.  The universe’s need for sorrow must be appeased.  Wade studies us both and shakes his head.  He steps in close, confidentially.
“You know, it weren’t true, what the Doctor say,” he says softly.
I frown at him, confused.
“About the Fall,” he clarifies.  “Oh sure, there’m be plenty of bad things.  Earthquakes and wars and plague and whatnot–but all that’s just thirst after the drought.  Ain’t why the world fell.”
“Why then?” Echo asks.
“Maude used to say: people went head-first, not heart-first.  Only worry about what they’m gonna get, not how they be getting it.  Not who it hurt.  Sure, we all live for ourselves.  That’s the way of it.  But good folk live for each other too.  Ain’t one or the other.  ‘S both.”
Then he boards the transport and rolls away into the dead city.  Echo and I look at each other.  My feelings are reflected in her eyes.  Our three benefactors have done more than just restore our bodies and supplies–they’ve restored our hope.

Chapter 11.
Hope can’t stave off a horde of zombies, unfortunately.
We move west, and always to the north there are roamers in abandoned villages and crumbling buildings.  Always Echo is searching for a place to get through, her mind on Haven.  We try to keep well away from the infected.  I’m constantly scanning the horizon with my spyglass.  Even so, it’s not long before we have to confront one.
It comes out of the west, ahead of us, and we try to go around it–but it spots us.  It’s not one of the slow ones.  It rumbles toward us on high-stomping feet, mouth open, a strange desperation in its thoughtless gray visage, and we simply can’t avoid it.  Still, we try.  When it becomes apparent the thing will just keep running at us, I stop and raise the crossbow.
“Careful,” Echo urges.  She only has four bullets in the machine-pistol, so we’re not about to waste those.
I breathe.  I aim.  The zombie is running full-tilt when the bolt takes it through the nose.  I have a flashback of Ballard’s eye popping out.  The head whips back, and the thing collapses.  Shakily, I retrieve the bolt.
Then it’s west again.
Gradually, the z-line veers northwest.  We follow it like the bank of a river, praying the waters don’t overflow.  No one can say why the z-line exists.  I’ve heard talk about magnetic lines and the path of the wind and crazier things, but that’s probably all nonsense.  I assume it’s there because there were major population centers along its path, and this was just where the plague-walkers ended up thriving–but why wouldn’t they stray from the area over time?
We kill a dozen zombies in the first three days.  My bolts are actually getting dull.  We find an old shovel in the rubble and add it to our arsenal.  I have a knack for finding and exploiting hidden water-holes, but food is harder to locate.  Sleep is harder still.  We don’t dare rest with a roamer anywhere in sight, so before camping each night we head south at least a mile.  We never lie down unless we’re well-hidden, and even then we’re paranoid and startled awake by soft noises.
The land begins to change.
Shrub-desert yields to fields of brittle brown desert-grass.  There’s more small game, even full-sized trees here and there.  Some grow right in the rubble of destroyed homes.  Nature is retaking the world, healing the scars inflicted by humanity.
The grass hides another danger, however.  At one point, Echo almost steps directly on a roamer.  It makes no sound.  Its grasping hand brushes her ankle as she walks.  She leaps five feet and screams, crashing into me.  I trip backwards and we both end up on the ground.  The thing’s legs are missing.  It drags itself toward us, hand over hand in the dirt.  We scramble up.  Echo grabs the shovel.  She smashes it over the head, roaring, until its skull turns to mush, like a broken pumpkin.
	She stands there, chest heaving, expression terrible.  Slowly, she looks at me … and laughs–half from the shock on my face, half out of sheer relief.  Laughing with the bloody shovel, spattered with gore, she looks like a blonde psychopath.  From then on, we watch both the horizon and the ground at our feet.
At night, there’s a new closeness between us.  We both sleep under the blanket, not entirely for warmth.  I get used to her there.  There’s a fragile tension, however.  My body wants more.  I feel it in my hands, my arms, my stomach.  I want to roll on top of her and hold her down, feel the savage press of her lips.  When her fingers shift slowly on my stomach, when her breathing is deep, I imagine she wants the same.  Other times, I think I’m delusional.  Maybe I’m just imagining things.  I remember Ballard.  I remember how she offered herself to me.  I remember what I said to break her.
Thus, there’s an invisible barrier between us, and when we lay together at night, there are times the slightest movement threatens to shatter it completely.  A turning point is inevitable.  Yet we’re bound together, each the other’s sole remaining friend–how can we dare risk more?  If something goes wrong, if she doesn’t reciprocate–or if she lets me only because she thinks she has to–all will be lost.  A wedge will come between us.  And in the wastes, even a mental wedge can lead to very physical dangers.
So the barrier remains.  But it’s increasingly hard to ignore.
A week or so from Scargo–I’ve stopped counting the days–we come upon the village.  The z-line is still running north-northwest.  The bloody thing is endless.  There are no significant breaks, no areas we could cross through without attracting the attention of a dozen roamers.  The Doctor said there were a lot of people in the World Before, but this is ridiculous.  How on Earth was there ever food and water for so many?  Or maybe these are mostly modern victims of the plague, accumulated over time.  In any case, we can take some roamers out if we need to, but if they build up too fast we’ll be screwed, so we have to be absolutely sure we can get through before we try.
Several times, I try to convince Echo to strike out due west instead.  I’m trying again when she stops and squints, drawing my attention forward …
There are houses on the horizon.  Not broken-down piles of rubble.  Actual houses.  Gleaming red and white.  Roofed.  Gaping, we turn to each other in wonder–is this one of the settlements Wade mentioned?
The z-line doesn’t run straight.  Roamers spread out in all directions, and it’s hard to tell if this precise location should be included in what we’ve come to think of as “horde territory.”  We’ve been staying just south of the main thoroughfare.  This village is directly west.
Cautiously, we approach the anomaly.  I put a bolt through a roamer on the way there.  Aside from that, none are even in sight.  A bit closer, I use my spyglass.  The houses look nice–but there are no people.  No roamers either.  It’s like a perfectly preserved ghost-town, though the streets are disintegrated, and desert-grass encroaches on the area.
Warily, we close in.
We enter the first house.  Still nothing.  No roamers, no people.  The furniture is actually intact.  Cushions have moldered and wasted away, but couches and chairs sit otherwise untouched.  Even more astonishing, a lone book sits on a lacquered marble table.  An old mystery novel.  The pages are brittle.  It’s as though someone just got up and walked away … a century ago.  It might fetch something in trade; I pack it away in my bag.
“The Blue Tower was still standing,” Echo points out.  “Maybe these houses are like that.  Newer materials.  Didn’t rust or decay like the others.”
I have to agree.  The place looks abandoned, yet it’s still standing–and neither of us have ever seen a dead village this intact.  In addition to any material advantages, its proximity to the z-line has probably helped keep the looters and crazies away.
Back outside, we go exploring.  The village is big.  There are a few hundred houses, and almost all of them look the same.  We pass a square plaza in the center of town lined with bigger, rectangular buildings.  Some of the shops still have signs in their unbroken windows.  We’re halfway through the square when Echo stops abruptly, listening.
“What?” I ask.
“Shh.”
I hear it too.  Music.  Not just any music.  High-energy electronic dance music.  Can this be?  No.  Ridiculous.  We’re in the middle of a ghost town on the edge of a zombified wasteland.  Surely, I’m not hearing this?  Yet I am.  It’s blaring far and wide across the dead town.  My grandfather showed me a small, ancient computer once that played music like this–music that couldn’t be reproduced by traditional instruments.  A woman’s singing accompanies it.  She has a beautiful voice.  The whole harmony is strangely mesmerizing.  With a sense of unreality, I and Echo stare at each other, listening.  Should we be amused or horrified?  We’re freaked out.
“It’s coming closer,” Echo whispers.
We reach one of the plaza’s corner-buildings, wide-eyed, flighty as scared rabbits.  I have no idea what to expect.  I poke my head around the corner–nothing.  The sound must be a few streets over.  We creep forward along the side of the building.  I have to know what’s causing this.  It’s getting closer now.
“Tristan,” Echo warns, pulling at my arm.  She’s had enough.  She’s in flight mode.
“Okay, let’s–”
The music rolls over us in fresh waves of sounds.  Its source crosses into sight ahead.
Holy Mother of Crom.
Fifty feet away is a circular aerial drone.  It hovers fifteen feet above the ground, a fan spinning on its underside, speakers blaring.  It drifts slowly down the center of a wide avenue … and beneath it, drawn by the noise, is a solid wall of zombies.
They’re packed into a clambering throng, arms reaching vainly upward, drawn by the drone like a carrot on a string.  Echo and I are already racing back the way we’ve come–but the bastards are good at sensing movement, and one was looking our way.  I know this because when it first came around that corner, I was staring it dead in the eyes.  As we round the corner leading back into the plaza, I glance back …
… and a dozen or more have peeled off from the main group, coming after us.  Too many to fight.  We try the nearest door.  Locked.  No time to smash it in.  We dart across the plaza.  This one’s open.  If we can just hide in time–
The lead roamer is lumbering toward us, already in the plaza.  More are streaming around the corner every second.  Inside the building, I turn the lock.  It won’t be enough.
“Here,” Echo says.  We’re in some kind of bar.  A chair skids across the floor.  I wedge it under the door.  She’s throwing everything she can, and I’m piling it into place.  Amazingly, the building’s wide windows are in pristine condition.  The music is getting louder; the drone moves toward the square.  I flip a table on its side and shove it against one of the windows just as something thuds hard against the door.  I run for another table.  More thuds follow.  They’re slamming face-first into the building.
Glass shatters.  A roamer comes in through a window, tumbling toward Echo, face full of shards.  A strip of skin hangs like torn fabric.
“Run!”
Like I have to tell her.  Isn’t there a back door?  Where the hell is it?  The hallway we take dead-ends in an office, and when we turn back there’s a moving corpse six feet away, barreling toward us.  As with that roamer in the closet, I’m mesmerized by the dead, bulging eyes.  Reflex alone has me raising the crossbow, squeezing the trigger.  The bolt passes through the right cheek and goes out the back of the jaw, missing the brain.
The zombie keeps coming.
It hits me full-force, one big organic hammer.  I’m falling backwards.  The thing is on top of me.  The cold hands grip my arms with desperate urgency.  The yellow teeth come forward in a silence more terrible than sound …
And the head is smashed sideways by the shovel in Echo’s hands.  The dead face collapses under further blows, spattering my new shirt with bits of gore.  My priorities can’t be right, because a petty involuntary complaint creeps in: the Doctor gave me this shirt.  It’s the only thought that penetrates.
Then we’re up and moving, but more are coming in.  A staircase on our right–take it.  Scrambling, desperate … those yellow teeth will be in my nightmares … and before I know it we’re stumbling out onto a gravelly roof.  The sun is insanely bright, incongruent with the chaos below.  Echo closes the door behind us and backs away, staring at it, waiting.
Nothing comes out.
I don’t think they saw us duck through that last door.  We’ve got a chance.
The drone is still blaring music.  It has already passed through the square and is turning down another street.  We creep to the edge of the building and look down.  The main throng still follows the drone.  Slow and maimed undead trail the pack all the way across the square, like dust in the tail of a comet.  About thirty plague-walkers are no longer attached to the horde, however.  They mill about our building, distracted by the commotion.  Some have already forgotten us.  They stand stupidly in place or meander aimlessly or pluck up tufts of grass and chew it like cows.  One crunches a broken board in its teeth.  They’re not eager to go away, and even now others spot us on the roof and make a beeline for the building.  Some try to climb the walls, clawing uselessly at the fading paint, fingernails breaking like eggshells, mouths upturned like baby birds.
“What are we going to do?” Echo asks.
We’re screwed.
“Wait it out.  They might drift away,” I say, backing away from the edge to hide from those below.
The drone continues into the distance.  It’s been out of the plaza fifteen minutes before the last of its maimed followers drags itself off the street in snail-like pursuit.  But the others have stayed behind.  The excitement of our flight has distracted them enough to break their attachment to the drone.  Now they have no reason to go anywhere.  I walk the roof’s perimeter, but their random wandering has spread them in all directions.  It could be days or even weeks before there’s a safe route through.  I’m angry now.  The town only looked empty because of that damn drone drawing up all the stragglers.
“The hell is that thing, anyway?” I ask, waving vaguely toward the machine.
Echo gasps.
Something new has come into the plaza.  Someone, rather.  A silver robot, perhaps seven feet tall, walks in the wake of the zombie-comet.  In each hand is a silver sickle, glinting in the sunlight.  It’s wearing plasteel body armor from the neck down.  Behind the robot comes a boy, eleven or twelve years old, and behind the boy is a car-sized wagon pulled by a compact robotic tug.  The wagon is loaded with treasure from the ruins.
The boy and the robot can’t help but see the roamers lingering around our building.  The newcomers look straight at us, taken aback.  They consult one another.  The boy says something, pointing.  He waves at us and smiles, then crouches behind the wagon, pulling a blanket down to hide himself.
The armored robot moves into the plaza.  The zombies around the building haven’t yet spotted him.  He plants his feet wide apart, holds the sickles ready, and blasts a trumpet-like noise: da-tada-DAAA!
	Heads snap toward the sound.  It draws the undead like gravity.  Their various speeds mean they reach the robot in a kind of stream–and as they do, he lops off their heads with disturbing ease.  Swift, efficient motions.  They collapse all around him.
When too many arrive at once, they begin to overwhelm him.  They bite at his arms, they latch onto his legs, they claw at his torso.  Their teeth can’t penetrate the plasteel.  Still, they try.  Their fingers break against his armor.  One sickle gets lodged in the side of a skull.  It’s pulled from the robot’s grasp.  The other gets stuck in a ribcage.  Then he’s crushing their heads with his hands and stomping them underfoot.  He stumbles but never falls.  When it’s done, the robot stands at the nucleus of a pile of thirty corpses.  It looks as though a small bomb has gone off.
He retrieves his sickles.
The boy comes out from behind the wagon, checking carefully for stray undead.
“Ahoy!” he calls up to us.  “Anyone bit?”
Echo and I share a glance.
“No, we’re okay,” I say.
“There may be more inside though,” Echo yells down.
The robot enters the building.  Noises follow.  A decapitated head bounces out of an open window on the second floor, causing the boy to jump aside.
“How about a little warning next time!” he says.  Despite his age, there’s a gun holstered on his right hip.  I check my crossbow and quietly load another bolt, just in case.
“What are you guys doing out here?  Didn’t expect company,” the boy yells up at us.
“Just passing through,” I say.
He cracks up laughing.
“Passing through!  Just strolling through zombie-central,” he says.
“All clear,” the robot shouts.  His voice is synthetic, not softly ambiguous like the Doctor’s but quite obviously robotic.  The boy’s not controlling him and he’s too aware to be a programmed automaton, which means he’s a sentient being–a living machine, like Lectric, only smarter.  Got a Tritium-Two or Microsoft Ultima, I’m guessing; maybe even a Tritium-Three.
“We’re not looking for trouble,” I tell the boy.  They may have cleared the zombies for us but that doesn’t make them friendly.
“Us neither.  Wanna come down and talk?” the boy asks.
I consult Echo.  We have a wordless conversation.  Her eyes are wary.  We got lucky with Wade.  The boy seems friendly, but out here who really knows?  There’s no good reason to expose ourselves to unnecessary risks.
“Nah.  I think we’re good up here, thanks,” I say.
“All right, kryptonite.  Starbucks, let’s go,” the boy yells.
The robot emerges from the building.  They start down the street.  The boy looks up as they’re leaving and says, “Good hunting!”
The world’s a strange place–the apparent randomness of Fate, the way little things can make a big difference.  If he hadn’t used that one simple phrase, who knows how many things would’ve changed?  “Good hunting” was what I used to say to Crispin and Berkley whenever they came with me to ruins outside Farmington.  The ruins were a great adventure as a child.  Every new find was a treasure, whether we could trade it or not.  I never had a robotic guardian or a big wagon to carry stuff in; still, the phrase makes me see something of myself in the boy.  I call down after them.
“Wait!  Do you know anything about Haven?”
They stop and look back.
“Heard the name before.  Someplace north of Apolis, I think,” says the boy.
The fear turns to intensity in Echo’s big blue eyes.
“We’ll come down and talk a bit, if it’s okay with you,” I say.
The boy and robot consult one another.
“Fine with us,” says the boy.
We emerge from the building slowly, warily, weapons lowered.  The robot has stowed his sickles on some kind of magnetic back-plate.  He stands just ahead of the boy, protectively, prepared to shield him if need be.  We introduce ourselves.
“I’m Jarvis.  This is Starbucks,” the boy says.
“Well met,” Starbucks says.  It’s an odd name, another moniker from the World Before.  People in Farmington believed in the power of old names too.  We had a Honda, Sony, Exxon and Visa–all of which, I’m told, were powerful titles from the days before the Fall.  In Farmington, they were thought to bring luck and prosperity.  Guess that disproves that theory.
Up close, Starbucks’ is enormous and intimidating.  His eyes are black spheres, but the rest of his face is a semi-malleable metallic membrane, capable of molding itself into human-like expressions.  That’s pretty standard for sentient robots.  Roboticists learned early on that people need a lot of visual queues related to a robot’s internal state, just as they do for other humans.  It’s the only way to establish an amount of trust and predictability.
I want to ask what model neural embryo he’s outfitted with, but it’s probably inappropriate to inquire about the quality of someone’s brain just after you meet them.  I’m wondering why he’s wearing the armor too, since the roamers are really no threat to a bloodless organism, but what I ask is:
“Where’s Apolis?”
Jarvis frowns.
“Northwest.  You’ve never been there?  That’s where we’re from.  Where are you from?” he asks.
“Farmington.”
“Never heard of it.”
“It’s not really there anymore,” I say, shrugging.
“Oh.  Tough luck, dude,” Jarvis laments.  “I don’t like to fall too far behind the drone.  Let’s walk and talk.”
Jarvis has travelled quite a distance, we learn–further than I ever went at his age.  Then again, he has Starbucks to protect him.  The robot has been attached to the boy’s family for like forty years, which is pretty old for a sentient robot.  His body won’t rust, but even a Tritium-Three will wear down eventually, typically faster than a human brain.
Starbucks doesn’t talk much.  The weird thing is: he breathes.  His body integrates several biochemical components to help power internal electrical systems.  He can stop for more than an hour if he needs to, but otherwise we’re always hearing the slow, perpetual rhythm of his exhale-inhale cycle.
Jarvis more than makes up for the talking.  He tells us there are no good ruins left around Apolis.  It’s clear he considers himself a veteran of the hunt.  I know just how he feels too.  Back in Farmington, I spent countless hours combing through forgotten places in the desert.  I frequented crumbled houses and hidden holes no one else even knew existed.
Jarvis is enthusiastic and upbeat, eager to share his stories.  I like the kid, but I have a vague inclination to provide some kind of warning or admonishment.  I was like you, I want to say, and look what happened.  Here lies the world: use at your own risk.
“This is the furthest southeast we’ve ever been,” Jarvis tells us.  “We came close to this area last time, but we were already loaded up on goods, and anyway we didn’t have the drone with us to lure out the roamers.  I just knew we had to come back though–this place is a goldmine!  Check this out.”
He rummages through the wagon.
“Jarvis,” Starbucks warns.  He has just lopped the head off a lingering zombie, but it’s us he’s warning Jarvis about: they don’t know us well enough to flout prized goods.  Ignoring him, Jarvis pulls out a large copper coin, dated 1847.  His face is ecstatic.
“It’s even older than the Fall!” he says.  “I’ve got a collection of these at home.  They’re really hard to find.  If you’ve got any, I’ll trade you for ‘em.  Oh–and look at this.  My uncle made it from another one.”
He pulls up his sleeve to show us a unique watch.  The face of the watch is another copper coin, dated 1852.  I just smile and nod, albeit a little sadly, because again I feel the warning–you won’t be allowed to keep these things.  The world will take them from you.
Possession is an illusion.  All things are only borrowed.
The words pop into my head, and they’re deeper than expected.  Come to think of it, even the mass of our bodies is borrowed from food and drink, to be given back to the Earth one day.  I can’t say why, but the idea is vaguely comforting.
“That’s enough,” Starbucks says, frowning, taking a step toward the boy.
“Relax, Starbucks.  They’re okay,” Jarvis says.
“No, he’s right.  You should be careful with this stuff.  Don’t show people,” I say.
Jarvis scowls stubbornly.
We continue following the drone, talking.  We explore a few more houses along the way and score more than I expect: new clothes, leather belts, toy cars, a nice hand-axe, some old books, and a second pack in which to carry everything.  Echo also finds some fancy women’s clothing and a pair of shockingly red high-heeled shoes.
“That’s ridiculous.  How could anyone walk in those?” I ask.
“I don’t know.  Maybe–maybe we can trade them,” she says, stuffing them in her pack–but she had a smile on her face before I spoke.  Trading them isn’t her first priority.
Soon after that, I find my own favorite prizes in the basement of a workshop: a spool of copper wire, resistors, tiny LED’s, two ancient circuit boards.  I’m reminded poignantly of my grandfather’s store.  I miss tinkering.  Everything gets arranged carefully in my pack.
Near dusk, Starbucks calls a halt.  Jarvis fetches a big controller from the wagon and fiddles with it.  A few blocks away, the music dies.  We hurry west together.
“What about the drone?” I ask.
“It’ll come,” Jarvis says.
“Won’t the roamers follow?” Echo asks.
“Nah.  It’s programmed to make a wide, fast circle.  It’ll shake the dead-heads.”
“Seems risky,” Echo mutters.
“Don’t worry, Starbucks won’t let any get us.  Will you, Starbucks?”
“Only you,” says Starbucks without a trace of humor.
The conversation brings something else to mind.
“Why do you wear the armor?” I ask.
The two of them look at me.
“I mean, they can’t really hurt you,” I elaborate.
“No more than they can hurt you,” Starbucks says.
“Relax, Star,” Jarvis says.  “Look, a lot of people think it’s just a rumor, but roamers can hurt robots.  Starbucks is a little sensitive about misinformation where his, uh, species is concerned.”
“Hurt?  How?” I ask doubtfully.
“Bloody waterbags,” Starbucks mutters, ignoring the question.
“Two ways, really,” Jarvis explains.  “First, their teeth are hard enough to penetrate most tactile layers, which all sentient bots are covered with, else they’d have very limited feeling.  Tactile layers are never as hard as normal metal, and a lot of robots can’t regenerate the material, so they end up numb wherever they get bit, maybe for good.  How would you like to lose all feeling in your arm?  Not fun, right?  Second–this is where the rumors come in–zombies can infect robots.  I don’t care what you’ve heard, we’ve seen it happen.  It’s the truth.”
My expression is a mixture of doubt and confusion.  The first part I get.  Lectric had a softer tactile layer too for sensory purposes.  Tactile layers are essential.  But how could a robot catch a virus when …
“They have no blood.  No offense,” I add, glancing at Starbucks.
“True.  But Synth-Z ain’t a normal virus.  Here’s what people don’t understand: there’s more than one kind of plague.  Way back in the World Before, somebody made Synth-Z.  Since then, somebody changed it.  If Star wasn’t wearing armor, most of these dead-heads could only numb him.  But a few could kill him or drive him crazy.”
“Nanobots,” Starbucks says, looking out into the ruins.
I turn an inquiring gaze on him.  He sighs and elaborates.
“Synth-Z is a nano-virus.  It’s also a hybrid organism, part carbon, part silicon.  In humans, it kills most of the brain, alters the muscular structure, reinforces the bones, changes the whole body’s biochemistry.  In robots, like Jarvis said, mostly it does nothing.  But there’s at least one strain that works differently.  When a zombie bites, it secretes the virus through its saliva.  In my case, that could mean a nanobot infection in my tactile layer.  Tactile information is relayed to the neural embryo.  If it’s the R-strain, the virus will feed garbage data in through the tactile pathways.  Which leads to hallucinations.  From there, if the corruption spreads, it only gets worse–hyper-aggression, loss of reason, personality collapse, death.”
There’s nothing we can really say to that.  The revelation is astonishing.  I’ve never heard of this.
We stop two miles later, well outside the ghost-town.  Starbucks has to kill three more roamers along the way.  We’re at a dip between two hills, and we’ve come to a social cusp.
“We’ve got all we can carry.  We’re gonna head west in the morning,” Jarvis says.  “You guys … You wanna stick with us until we hit Apolis?”
“Jarvis, we don’t want to trouble these people,” Starbucks says.
Echo and I share a searching look.
“I thought Apolis was north,” I say.
“North, north-west.  We’re going west to Hapsburg first,” Jarvis says.
“We want to get north of the z-line.  How can we do that?” Echo asks.
“Apolis.  It’s the best place to cross.  But if you’re going that way, you’d better come with us anyway.  You don’t want to take the straight northwestern route.”
“Why not?” I ask.
“Raiders.  They’re camped in a big forest between the Missipy River and the z-line, a few days from here.  That’s why we’re going west first.  We’ll turn north at Hapsburg.  It’s safer.”
Echo and I share another look.
“We don’t want to trouble you …” she says, looking sideways at Starbucks.
The big robot’s rhythmic breathing is interrupted by a sigh.
“Jarvis is right.  If that’s your goal, you need to go through Apolis.  You’d better come with us.”
He’s still wary, however.  If anything, his distrust comes as a relief.  Jarvis’s childish enthusiasm makes him fun to talk to, but such things can’t keep you safe.  Soon the aerial drone comes whirring in, honing in on Jarvis’s controller.  They stow it on top of the pile in the wagon.
Starbucks takes first watch.  I’m still wary of some hidden betrayal myself, so I barely drift off before paranoia wakes me again.  I relieve Starbucks when the time comes, but even when he “sleeps,” he sits up staring in our direction.  His breathing slows and he goes into some kind of low-power mode, yet he has no lids over his glassy black eyes, and I have a feeling he can still monitor us on some level.
We make it through the night together and nobody wakes up dead.
In the morning, we stray west from the z-line, heading toward a place called Hapsburg.

Chapter 12.
It’s a relief to leave the z-line.  We’re still watchful for roamers, but we see fewer and fewer along the way.  Whenever we do, Starbucks lops off another head.  Jarvis is good at setting snares.  He has some food stored in the wagon, but he’s been supplementing their supplies with small game along the way.  The traps aren’t electronic, but it’s one more thing that reminds me of myself at that age.
It’s a five day walk to Hapsburg.
On the second day, we cross a stream.  The water is cool and refreshing.  I don’t have to desalinate it either.  Echo sits apart on the bank and checks her wounds.  Her pants are tight around the ankles, so to examine her calf she has to pull them down instead of up.  There’s not even a scar to mark where the mine hit her, though that’s not what catches my attention.  She’s got underwear from the Doctor’s medical supplies, so it’s not like she’s showing everything, but the sunlight on her bare legs takes me by surprise.  They seem much longer all of a sudden and altogether stunning.
I’m not the only one who notices.  Frozen in the middle of filling his canteen, Jarvis gapes at her openly with a total loss of self-awareness.  He’s been struck dumb, as if he only just realized she was a girl.  She’s belting her pants again when she happens to look up and sees us staring.  Jarvis blinks and looks away, muttering something about canteens.  I fumble deliberately with my boot for lack of anything better to do.
From that point on, Jarvis fawns over Echo.  He talks a lot in my direction, but his eyes keep moving to her face, gauging her reactions.  If she expresses an opinion, he instantly empathizes.  All of her suggestions meet his immediate and enthusiastic support.
“Oh, that’s neat,” she says about one of his snares, and then he’s eager to tell her everything about them.  He even teaches her how to make them–and this she really does appreciate.  She starts setting them the next day and, on her third attempt, catches a small rabbit.  She’s genuinely pleased.
“You have a fan,” I say quietly to her as Jarvis brings the rabbit to Starbucks for skinning.
“At least somebody appreciates me,” Echo says, fiddling with the snare in her hands.
“What do you mean?” I ask
She sighs heavily and shakes her head, like I’ve missed something obvious.
“You should say, ‘Hey, let’s go jump over that cliff,’ just to see what he says,” I suggest, smiling; then I imitate Jarvis’ answer for her: “‘Oh, we should totally do that.  Let’s jump.  That’s a good idea, Echo.  Real good.’”
She’s not laughing, however.  She looks up at me with one eyebrow raised and says, “Why don’t you go jump over a cliff.”
Then she walks away.
Clearly, she’s missed the point.  I like Jarvis.  I just thought it was funny.  I turn to find Starbucks towering over me with the skinned rabbit.
“Humans,” he mutters in disgust, moving past me toward the dinner-fire.
Overall, our journey is a good one.  The blue sky is bigger than it used to be, full of hidden potential.  Echo has been smiling more lately, and we’re miles and miles from those dark days on the shores of New Sea.
Then we reach Hapsburg.
Hapsburg lies on the western bank of the Missipy River.  This is the same river which used to flow through the ruins of my old city.  I’ve seen the evidence on old maps, but much of the land was reshaped during the Fall, pushing the river further west.
On the eastern bank lies Blackbridge, a small town full of merchants and fishermen.  Despite the name, there’s no actual bridge.  There was one, I’m told, but it’s gone now.  There are, however, a number of boats willing to ferry people across the river.  We barter with a ferryman for the trouble and soon land on the western bank, at the foot of Hapsburg.
Hapsburg is three times the size of its sister town.  It’s surrounded by a spiked wooden fence, interspersed with towers supporting rifle-wielding sentries.  A genuine forest lies beyond it, yielding an ample supply of wood.  A timber-mill and a number of farms dot the surrounding countryside.
Starbucks is aggravated as we step off the ferry and head up the dirt path toward the town.
“He’s not a big fan of the Plastic People,” Jarvis explains.
“The what?” Echo asks.
“You’ll see.  There’s one now.”
Two guards stand by the town’s entrance, each carrying a machine gun.  They’re wearing chainmail hauberks over hooded cloth shirts.  The one on the left looks different somehow.
What happened to his face?
His skin is too tight.  Overly smooth.  Fake.  I try not to stare but I can’t help it.  Then I realize–he’s not human.  He’s a robot.  Synthetic skin over rubbery flesh over mechanical insides.  The closer I get, the more obvious it is.  His eyes are slightly too wide.  The eyebrows are colored in.  He has no hair.  His fingers are smooth cylindrical nubs.  He’s like a rough approximation of a person.
The guards stop us long enough to examine our wagon, then wave us on.  Our weapons are plainly visible, but apparently that’s acceptable here.  I’m still trying not to stare.  There’s something grotesque about this robot’s mimicry.  The failed attempt to appear human is far more disturbing than, for example, Starbucks’ distinctly inhuman countenance.
The guard isn’t alone in his bizarre fashion.  As it turns out, at least half the town’s residents are “Plastic People.”  They’ve utilized different skin-tones and materials, given themselves shapely bodies, even dressed in human clothing.  Some have stitched real hair into their scalps.  Many wave and smile at us–which only makes it worse, because their faces don’t have the proper muscles to convey the nuances of human expression.  Their smiles end up looking slightly psychotic.  It’s like walking through a town full of demonic human imitators.
“Why?” Echo whispers, staring around in horror as the four of us enter a bustling marketplace.
“They want to be human,” Jarvis says, shrugging.  “Weird, isn’t it?”
“Pathetic,” Starbucks says.  Aside from an occasional frown, he refuses to acknowledge any of the passing robots.  Jarvis looks through the stalls in the marketplace for various trading posts.  We stop as he pulls arcane goods from the wagon and hurries off to various merchants.
“They’re Minkowski-4’s,” Starbucks says, seeing that we’re still watching the Plastic People.
“I’ve heard of those,” I say.
“Then you know it’s a substandard neural embryo.  Makes good service-oriented minds, but the individuals end up a bit slow and … lacking.  There was a group around here some years back that used to hunt robots.  They’re gone now, but back then the M-4’s couldn’t handle it.  This was how they adapted.  Being a robot wasn’t good enough anymore.  To serve their creators, they had to become their creators.  Not that you created us anymore than evolution created you.  Ask me, all you people did was imitate your own biology and screw around until something good popped up.  But that’s how the M-4’s view your people: as creators.  Now this nonsense is a mark of pride for them.  They even hold pageants to see who can be the most human.  It’s absurd, not to mention degrading.  Have you no shame?”
This last question is directed at a passing Plastic Person, whose smile is stricken from his face as he shrinks from Starbuck’s angry glare.  Starbucks towers over everyone in the marketplace.  I’m tempted to make some kind of joke about him dressing up like me or Echo, but I’ve seen how easily he decapitates things.
Deeper into the crowd: the flash of a blue jacket with red and white shoulder pads.  A white star inside a circle is emblazoned upon the back.  All levity of thought dries up in my head.  I grip Echo’s forearm by reflex.
“Cove,” I say.
She pales at the sight of man.  There’s no way of knowing if this particular soldier was one of those who helped burn Farmington, but the sight of him fills me with blunt, unmanageable hatred.  I should put a bolt right through that star.
“Over there,” Echo says, nodding in another direction.  Other soldiers are scattered throughout the marketplace.  There’s even one on horseback passing at the edge of the crowd.
Jarvis comes back with a purse full of coins, but his smile fades when he sees our faces.
“What’s wrong?” he asks.
“Nothing,” I say.
“Men like that burned our village,” Echo says, nodding toward the nearest soldier.
Jarvis looks confused.
“From Cove?  But–they’re good,” he says.
Echo’s eyes bulge, but she swallows her anger and shakes her head.
“Good at setting fires, yeah.  They did an excellent job of murdering our families,” I say, feeling a deep bitterness rise.  Echo and I huddle unconsciously close together.  A fierce loyalty and solidarity arises between us.
“Let’s move along,” Starbucks suggests.
We do, though the joy has been sucked out of this town.  All I can do is look for more soldiers.  I try to focus on something else but shifting my attention is like pushing at a brick wall.  I manage to trade the toy cars and a few other scraps I picked up the horde territory, but that’s it.  They use copper coins in Hapsburg, so I end up with a purse-full, which Starbucks tells me is an even deal for what I traded.  It’s hard to say how much time passes before Jarvis sells a third of the booty from his wagon.  He’s ready to quit by then, so he saves the rest for Apolis.
“Guy over there says a caravan is heading north in two days,” he tells us as the sky darkens to a deep navy blue.
“What guy?” Starbucks says, looking through the crowd.
“Can’t see him now.  But what do you do you think?”
“We’ll see.”
“What about the river?  Do any boats go upstream?” I ask–somewhat absently, because I’m imagining putting a bolt through another star.
“You don’t want to take the river,” Jarvis says.
“Why not?” Echo asks.
“Same reason we didn’t follow the z-line.  Raiders watch the waters.  Passenger ships are just begging for an ambush.  A guarded caravan is the safest way to go.  We took one here on the way south.  We should probably wait for another–don’t you think, Star?”
“We’ll see,” Starbucks says again.
We find an inn for the night.  It’s attached to a tavern, and Jarvis wants to treat us to a late night meal, but his kindhearted efforts to improve our moods are doomed to failure.  He cracks jokes and tries to entertain Echo, but she and I are preoccupied with vengeful thoughts.  We sit in a booth under the flickering orange torchlight and stare moodily about the room.  I’m not used to crowds, so I’d be anxious even on a normal night … then three Coven soldiers make their entrance, striding boldly to the bar, and all hope is lost.
“Are they always here?” I ask.
“I’ve seen some around but never this many,” Starbucks says, monitoring them coolly with his glassy black eyes.
“Come on, guys.  Let’s just enjoy our food,” Jarvis says with a pained expression.
“I’m not hungry,” Echo says.
“Wait.  Foundry was sending an army to Cove.  Why are the soldiers here?” I ask.
No one knows.  I try to calculate the travel-time.  Surely Foundry’s army would’ve reached the opposing city-state by now.  They were only a few days behind us when we fled the Library, and from there it was maybe a week to Cove.  Did the battle already take place?  It must have.
“I wonder what hap–” I begin.
And then time stops.
He’s sitting across the room, looking back at me, and I’m staring at him before the rest of my mind can catch up.  The shaven head.  The square jaw.  The cynical gray eyes laughing at the world.  The same bandolier crisscrosses his chest beneath a black leather jacket.  The scimitar and shotgun aren’t visible, but I’m sure he’s armed.
Cabal.
He sees me about the same time.  He sprouts half a smile with something like amused disbelief, and one hand strays toward his hip, though he doesn’t draw a weapon, just sits there watching, eyes glittering with malevolence.
I’m transfixed.  He can’t possibly be here, but there he sits.  Neither of us can look away.  Has he come for us?  A cold thrill of fear spreads through me.  A trap.  I see our imminent end in a dozen involuntary flashes.  This goddamn fear has ambushed me again.
Cabal says something to another guy at his table.  Then he rises to his feet.
Things are moving too fast.  I need to time think.  I’ve day-dreamed about another confrontation, my vengeance has been accomplished in a score of impressive imaginary scenarios, but now there’s only panic.
Coward, I curse myself.  Conan would leap from the table and cut him in half.  Pathetic.  Loser.  My mind labels itself.  
I can do this.
“Ow!  Tristan, what …” Echo says.
I’m gripping her leg, squeezing it.
“He’s here,” I whisper through a dry throat.
But there’s no time to explain.  He’s already crossing the tavern, walking our way.  His eyes flick sideways at the Coven soldiers as he passes.  He watches them warily.
“Well, well, well,” he says quietly, standing in front of our booth.
Echo’s breath catches.  Her muscles go tense, her fingers digging like talons into the flesh of my arm.  Cabal leans over, planting both hands on the table.  He relishes the moment, though I sense the fury and pain just beneath the surface.  He’s a cyclone in a cloth sack, and the string is loosely tied.
“Always nice to see old friends,” he says.
Jarvis and Starbucks are looking back and forth with concern.
“Mind if I sit down?” Cabal asks, pulling over a chair from another table.
I force my grip on Echo’s leg to relax.  I try to breathe normally.  I have to be ready with the crossbow.  Yet my hands feel wooden.  I’m afraid I’ll screw up the attempt.  Maybe I should use the axe instead?  It’ll be awkward to pull free from this position.  I’m undecided.
“What do you want?” Echo asks.
He spreads his hands.  On his face is mock bafflement, pretend hurt.
“Can’t I say hi to familiar faces?” he asks.  “So few around these days.  And look at you two.  Cute as a button.  Good to see you both together.  I have to say, I didn’t think you had it in you, Tristan.  Last I remember, you were cuffed to a wall.  How’s this go again?  You get loose, shoot Ballard, and take the whore for yourself.  Is that it?  Oh man, you must really like blondes.  Bravo, Tristan.  Bravo.”
“Cabal–” Echo starts.
“Hey, don’t get me wrong.  She’s good.  I enjoyed her too.  It’s just I didn’t think you had it in you, killing Ballard and Fin?”
I need to speak, but the words stick in my throat.  Cabal looks at all four of us.  He frowns.
“Or maybe … maybe it wasn’t you.  I mean, how did you get free?  Maybe she just needed someone new, eh?  Got tired of Ballard’s … tools.  Did she tell you, Tristan?  About our time in the desert?  Oh, but I’m sure it wasn’t the way she said.  Don’t let her fool you.  She was practically begging for it.  The look on her face, with her hands and knees in the dust–”
“Shut up!” Echo snaps, and I can hear the savage hatred in her voice.
“Quiet whore, the men are talking,” Cabal says, his eyes never moving from mine.
“You can’t talk to her like that!” Jarvis almost shouts, springing half to his feet, as much as the table-space will allow.
“Pipe down, pip–”
But then he makes a mistake.  Cabal has turned toward Jarvis and his finger jabs at the boy’s face threateningly when there’s a whirl of motion and Starbuck’s silver-white hand is locked around his forearm.  The big robot leans forward.
“The next time this arm crosses this table, I will rip it off,” Starbucks says.  He might as well be asking to pass the salt.  Cabal looks at him a moment.
“Fair enough,” he says, and Starbucks lets go.
Cabal turns back to Echo.
“Interesting choices you’ve made in your new life.  Tristan was bad enough, but a robot and a boy too?  I don’t know which is worse.  What is he, twelve?  Tristan not doing it for you, huh?  Ballard was right about you from the start.  He knew what you were, the moment he–”
“Shut your goddamn mouth,” I manage through gritted teeth.
“Oh.  Tristan, you can talk.  I almost forgot you were here.  Ah, no, no–let’s not lose our heads,” he says, seeing my hands shift on the crossbow beneath the table.  His eyes move off to one side briefly, toward the soldiers by the bar.  That’s why he won’t try anything here, why he doesn’t dare start a fight in public.  He might be crazy enough to shoot, but he doesn’t want to attract their attention.
“How about I just call them over,” I say, nodding at the blue-coats.
“I think that would be a poor choice, considering that they’re looking for us,” Cabal says.
“You mean you.”
“I mean us.  Aren’t we sitting together?  Weren’t you in Foundry’s army?”
I scowl.
“Starting to ride my wave?” he asks.  “You tell them I’m with Foundry, then I’ll say, ‘You got me, guys, now how about my friends?  They were scouts too, oh yes.  Especially that blonde one with the tight ass.’  You think they’re going to wait for proof?  And Echo really was a scout, or have you forgotten?  They’ll hang us all and be done with it–well, maybe not you, Echo.  You, I suspect, might make even more friends.  Or do you think Cove’s soldiers are above taking spoils.  Let me ruin the suspense: they’re not.”
There’s a brief silence.  Cabal examines the four of us.  I glare at him, breathing slowly.  The emotion is stifling.  I can barely think.  He leans forward and sighs.
“Anywho.  I’ve had a wonderful time chatting with you all, but the standards of this bar have really gone downhill.  I think I’ll try someplace new.  Robot.  Boy.  Enjoy the whore.  Tristan, Echo … One day I’m going to kill you both.”
He gets to his feet.
He means to walk away, but I grab his forearm.  My face is hot, my jaw tight.  I want to say something scathing.  Something clever.  Something to put the fear in him, or at least wipe that stupid look off his face.  But the words never come at the right time.  I just sit there instead, and all I can manage is, “This isn’t over.”
“If you’re trying to hold my hand, Tristan, I’m sorry, but you’re not my type,” Cabal says.  He jerks his arm free and disappears into the night.

Chapter 13.
Following Cabal’s departure, there’s a tense silence at our table.  Jarvis is the first to break it.  He’s asking questions, but I can’t focus enough to answer.  I’m looking back at the door, wondering if Cabal will be back, maybe with friends.  Should we leave?
At the same time, I’m seething with anger and shame.  Why was I so afraid?  How could I let him talk to us like that?  I want to kill him.  I’m going to kill him.  I should’ve put a bolt through him the moment he walked over.
“Where are you going?” Echo asks, grabbing my arm.  I’m poised at the edge of the booth.
“Huh?” I ask.
Starbucks is saying something too, but all I can think about is Cabal.  I’m scared to go after him, to confront him, but it must be done.  He’s got to be staying somewhere in town.  I need to find out where.
“ –you listening?  Tristan?  Tristan,” Starbucks says.
“What?”
“I can’t have a threat to Jarvis.  If we’re to travel together, even in a caravan to Apolis, I need to know what’s happening here.”
“Uh-huh.”
I’m trying to get up again.
“Tristan,” Echo says, yanking me back.  “Let us help you.”
I look at her.  I take a deep breath and try to relax.
“I don’t want to look over my shoulder my whole life.  We can’t let him leave here alive,” I say.
There’s a moment of silence.  I’m essentially suggesting that we find out where he’s staying, go there and kill him–in his sleep, if need be.  Could I do that?  Could I kill a man in his sleep?  If it’s Cabal, maybe.  In my current mood, I’d say yes again and again, but when does life ever follow fantasy?  Then I think of Lectric twitching in the desert, of Echo crawling toward New Sea, and I’m ready to do it right now.  Let’s end this.
Echo is trying to explain things to Starbucks and Jarvis.  I’m pretty sure she leaves out some of the unfortunate details, like how I shot Ballard when he wasn’t even armed.  I thought he had a gun, but that’s not something you can really explain or apologize for, especially to Ballard–oops, sorry about your eye popping out; didn’t mean it, so no biggie, right?  Sure.
“Jarvis and I are going to bed–” Starbucks begins.
“Star, we have to help them!” Jarvis says.
“No, we don’t.  Your mother has entrusted you to my care, and this is not our fight.  Tristan, Echo, we’ve come a little ways together, and you seem like good people.  But Jarvis and I cannot be involved in this.  Handle it any way you want, just leave us out of it.  The caravan leaves in two days.  We’ll be taking it to Apolis with or without you.”
Jarvis protests, but Starbucks ushers him out of the booth and they head to their room.
I take a long look at Echo.  We stand together and cut through the crowd to the bar.  The two men Cabal was sitting with are gone.  I should’ve paid more attention to them.  I’m not sure I’d even recognize them now.
At the bar I order a drink, though what I really want is information.  The bartender isn’t overly friendly, but he talks enough when we question him.  Echo’s blue eyes help him open up.  We learn the blue-coats are indeed hunting down fragments of Foundry’s shattered army.  Cove won a decisive victory to the south.
“Cove’s got some crafty commander,” he tells us.  “Way I hear it, they knew Foundry was coming, so they had a dozen guys in camoshift with night-sights and long-range lasers creeping along in the dark.  They lay up on some hills and started sniping at their camp one night in the dark.  Just put holes in their heads while they slept.  No noise, no flash.  Invisible in the camo.  Way them blue-coats tell it, two hundred were dead before the rest of the army even knew what was happening.  The Black Baron’s own son was among them.  They followed that up with poison gas and long-range artillery.  Foundry fired back.  Finally, Cove brought in the cavalry.  Foundry started a retreat, and some of those blokes broke north–that’s why the blue-coats are crawling around Hapsburg.”
I hate Cove only a little less than I hate Cabal, so there’s no real joy in their victory.  When the bartender comes back, I engage him again with a more specific request.  I’m looking for someone, I tell him.  He recognizes my description, but he’s not interested in the subject.  I bribe him with the copper.  He blows out his cheeks and says, “Hold on.”  He talks to the robot who handles the rooms.  Cabal isn’t staying in this inn, he says, but there’s another one up the road.  It’s the only other inn in Hapsburg.  I want to leave right away, but Echo stops me.
“This could be just what he’s expecting,” she says.  “He’s not really a planner, but he’s clever and cruel when it comes to violence.  He might’ve sat down and talked to us just to make sure we’d come after him.  He’ll be watching for us.  Let’s wait a while.  Let him think we’re not coming.”
I can’t stand the thought of doing nothing, but Echo knows him better–a lot better, by the way he tells it, and that’s not something I want to contemplate.  We sit in the room.  I pace back and forth.  I’m plagued by suspicious sounds, but each time I check the hallway, it’s empty.  The more I dwell on it, the more I think Echo is right.  Cabal has likely improvised some trap.  He’s hoping we’ll come.  We’ll have to be careful.  We’ll have to be smart.
We talk about what’s to be done.  Doubts creep in.  Doing this in town will be different than it would be in the wastes.  Hapsburg keeps a small security force, and we don’t want to get caught.  Then again, Cabal might not even be here anymore–would he really want to stay with Cove’s soldiers around?  He could’ve hit the road the moment he left the bar.
I nurse my anger to combat the doubts.  Half of that anger is toward myself; for my cowardice, for letting him walk all over us.  Conan would never let this happen.  We have to do something.  At some point I notice the handle to the door in our room is brass.  That gives me an idea.  Brass conducts electricity.  I have copper wire in my pack.  I could set up a device, wrap it around the handle to Cabal’s room, knock and leave.  When he goes to open the door, he’ll be electrocuted.
Echo makes me realize all the problems with this scenario.  It will work–if the other inn’s door-handles make a good conductor, and if I can find a battery to provide enough power, and if Cabal answers the door, and if he’s still in town.  Too many conditionals.  The plan is untenable, but I try to work it out for a while, reluctant to let it go.  Annoyed, Echo snaps at me to forget it.  We argue.
Sometime after midnight, we decide to make a move.
I have a bad feeling.  We’re not well-prepared.  Anything could happen.  Fear tugs at me.  But we can’t just sit here.  Something must be done.  Before leaving, we put out the lamp and peek out a corner of the window, searching for hidden watchers in the alley below.  We can’t find any.  We leave by the same window.
We’re on the second floor, but it’s low enough to hang-drop.  I hit the ground and look for an ambush.  Will we be shot as soon as we show our faces?  Cabal won’t kill us in front of the soldiers, but if he could snipe us in an anonymous street-ambush, I’m sure he would.  In my head, it’s already happening.  Despite this, we remain among the living.
In the alley, Echo grasps my hand.  We move fast, hurrying down the alley, trying to locate the second inn through gaps in the buildings.  The streets are empty.  There are rainclouds overhead.  It’s drizzling, and everything has a reflective sheen.
“There,” Echo whispers.  The inn is on the opposite side of the main thoroughfare.  We stop in the alley behind the corner of another building.  Most of the inn’s windows are dark.  I check them all with my spyglass.
“See anything?” Echo asks.
I shake my head.  Even so, we watch for a while.  My stomach is tied in knots.  How are we going to do this?
“Maybe we should we circle around and go in the back,” Echo says.
 “Let’s do that,” I say.
One step and I freeze.
Someone else is approaching the inn–a man in a blue coat.  A Coven soldier.  We draw back into the shadows.  The man stops by the inn’s front door, looks around, makes some signal.  Another blue-coat joins him from our side of the street.  Apparently he was right in front of the building we’re perched behind, blocked from view.  Four more soldiers come from up the street.  Two wait outside while the other four enter the inn.
I and Echo exchange uncertain looks.  Maybe this is a good thing.  Maybe Cove will do our work for us.  We watch in silence.  Minutes pass.
A loud bang and a flash erupt from inside the inn, making us jump.  Was it a shotgun?  Echo grasps my shoulder.  Shouts follow.  One of the soldiers standing guard outside rushes into the inn.  The other crouches warily and scans the streets with his rifle.
“Tristan, let’s get out here,” Echo says.
“Not yet.”
“That bang just woke a lot of people up.  Whatever’s happening up there, it’s probably not good.  Those soldiers are bound to come looking for more, whether they’ve got Cabal or not.  We don’t want to be found lurking in this alley when that happens.”
I look at her but I don’t want to leave.  I’ve got to know, dammit.
“Tristan, please,” Echo urges.
Then I remember she was attached to Foundry’s army, reluctantly or not.  We can’t risk a confrontation with Cove’s soldiers.  I whisper a curse.
“Fine.”
I follow her back down the alley toward our inn.  We move as quietly as we can, sticking to the shadows.  We’ve only gone a short distance when movement draws my attention.  I keep looking back for the soldiers.  Toward that end of the alley, a man drops down from the roof of a squat one-story structure.  Another one already on the ground.  A third comes down behind them.  They’re barely discernible in the darkness, but one turns our way …
Cabal.
Liquid-blue fire flashes past on my left, leaving a long burn-streak in a building somewhere beyond us.  We flinch and duck right together, but I overbalance in my haste and tumble to the wet ground behind a concrete refuse-bin.  Echo crouches low, peering over the top of the bin.
“Come on,” she says, pulling me up.
“What about–”
“They’re gone.”
Just like that, our attackers have fled.  It had to be Cabal.  Some kind of plasma-hybrid weapon.  We race back to our inn now.  We can’t be seen.  Mercifully, the lobby is empty.  We make it to our room and close the door behind us, shaken.
It’s only now the implications sink in.  Cabal wasn’t in the inn.  He was watching it.  He must’ve lain up on that building with his friends, waiting.  If we’d crossed that street, we’d be dead.  But what about that bang?  And why did the soldiers show up?
Noon the next day, the answers come.  We leave our room reluctantly for food, and I buy some delicious sugary bread from a street-vendor, who gives us the news of the day: Cove’s soldiers are gone.
“Seems they lookin’ f’r a feller up at the Red Roof,” he says.  “Only this feller know’d they was comin’.  I hear tell he rigged a shotgun to his door.  First man to kick open that door got a blast full in the belly.  Didn’t survive but a few hours.  Rest of them soldiers go stormin’ out in a rage, looking for them who done it.  Now they on the road somewhere … Bible say ‘those who take the gun shall perish by it.’  Guess that feller learnt that the hard way.”
We retreat to our room and hide out until dinner.
I vomit once.  Something dark and empty is left inside.  Echo doesn’t say much.  That soldier was killed in our place.  We don’t know his name, we’ll never see his face–and sure, he was from Cove, but that seems less important now, because he died for us.
Cabal didn’t leave much to chance.  He rigged his room and waited in ambush.  If we’d come openly to the inn, he’d have burned us down.  If we’d snuck through the back and broke down the door, we’d have triggered the shotgun.  We came very close to doing both of those things.  I try to imagine what it was like for the soldier: kicking the door in, the flash, the pain.  I start to feel sick again.  To combat the feeling, I think of Farmington, how it burned.  Was the dead soldier there?  Maybe he deserved it.
And now, once again, Cabal is out there somewhere–waiting.
“One day I’m going to kill you both.”
It’s decided, almost as an afterthought, that we’ll take the caravan on the morrow.  Most of the rest of the day we spend in our room.  Neither of us feel hungry–we eat only the sugary bread–and I make only one trip out alone, for a distraction.  There’s a tech store in town.  I load up on all the cheap electronics I can.  Normally such a move would be cause for celebration.  Today it’s unnaturally subdued.  Still, I’m glad to have the parts.  I don’t know what I’ll make, but it’ll be something.
Something better than a shotgun blast to the belly.
The caravan is due to leave shortly after dawn the following the morning.  With the sun peeking above the horizon, we meet Jarvis and Starbucks on the way to the lobby.  Little is said.  Jarvis clearly wants to talk.  His eyes are slightly wide and he keeps glancing at Echo, but I guess he doesn’t know what to say.
Then a suspicion hits me–but I keep it to myself for now.
The caravan waits by the gate into town: two big passenger wagons, plus a third filled with supplies.  They’re a mixture of old and new, though the old parts are new and the new parts are old, oddly.  The supply-wagon, for example, is probably the oldest of the three, though it’s built from some indestructible light-weight carbon and pulled by a robotic tug the size of a small bull.  The passenger wagons, by contrast, are made from wood and tethered to live horses, despite the fact that they’re of a more recent manufacture.
The world is going backwards.
The driver of the lead wagon is a Plastic Person.  The caravan originates further south, so I assume either this driver was hired out of Hapsburg or there are more Plastic People in nearby towns.  He/she wears a flowery summer dress, with long brown hair sewn into the rubbery scalp.  Gaudy makeup is smeared across its face.  The effect is truly horrifying.  I can’t stop staring as we go to pay.
Nearing the horses, it’s easy to see how enormous they are.  They’re Redbacks, or Kentucky Bloods, I’m told, which is a genetically modified breed that didn’t exist until a few years before the Fall, when screwing with nature was a fond pastime.  Each can do the work of two or three smaller horses, and each passenger-wagon has two up front.
Paying for our passage takes the rest of the coins from Hapsburg, along with two books and a small mirror Echo found in zombie-land.  Even then, we’re apparently getting a deal.  Starbucks is ahead of us.  The caravaners allow Jarvis’s smaller wagon (along with one other) to be towed at the rear, forming a small train.
In my paranoia, I’m half-expecting to find Cabal or the soldiers aboard one of the wagons, but neither is present.  We climb in behind Jarvis and find ourselves in a compartment with eight other people.  Abruptly I’m sitting across from a stunningly attractive girl with long, wavy blonde hair and green eyes.  She’s gorgeous.  There’s no other word for it.  Her skin is shockingly clean and smooth, and as our benches face each other, I find it impossible not to stare.
There are some sounds on my right that don’t register.  Words.  The girl has delicately puffy, cherry-red lips.  I’m jolted out of my reverie by Echo shaking my shoulder.  I turn to see her staring at me.  It’s clear she’s said something, but the words are lost to history.
“What?” I ask, annoyed.
She rolls her eyes and shakes her head, turning toward the window.  I glance back at the girl.  It’s obvious now that I’ve been staring at her.  She’s suppressing an amused little smile as I meet her eyes.  Some magnetic power repels my gaze, forces it away.  I swallow.  My face burns.
“Unappreciated beauty is one of the world’s great tragedies.”
It’s a teenage boy who says this.  He can’t be much older than me.  He’s clean cut, with short brown hair, and he’s sitting across from Echo, looking at her with a secretive smile.  Echo frowns at him.
“But then, what can you expect from your … brother?” he asks, turning the statement into a question.
Echo’s frown deepens in confusion.  She has no idea what he’s talking about … until she does, and then her face lights up.
“Ohh, you mean–no, he’s not my brother,” she says.
“Cousin?” he says, eyes flicking to mine.
“God, no,” says Echo.
“Oh.  Forgive me then.  I didn’t mean to offend you.  Either of you.  Sorry.”
Echo and I frown at each other before we realize what he’s implying.
“Oh, no!  No, we’re not–I mean, we’re just … friends.  Travelling together,” Echo says.
“That so?” the stranger asks, puzzled, looking at me.
“Yeah.  Travelers,” I say, risking a look back at the girl across from me.
“Oh, good then.  No harm done.  I’m Byron.  Pleased to meet you both.”
We introduce ourselves.  The blonde girl gets pulled into the conversation.
“Octavia,” she says.
I’m smiling dumbly at her by the mere fact that she spoke.  Her name is like candy.  I immediately want to do everything possible to impress her.  I would literally dive through the window of this wagon if she only hinted it was something worthy of praise.
“This is my brother Ambrose.  Ambrose, say ‘hi,’” Octavia adds, elbowing the boy on her other side.  Ambrose is what they used to call “special” in Farmington, though it’s not any kind of special you’d want to be.  His features are kind of squished together.  His eyes are too close and his lower lip juts forth.
“Hi,” he says loudly, staring open-mouthed at me.  I’m a little put-off by the blunt observation.  I smile and nod, but he just won’t look away.
“Ambrose, don’t stare, it’s rude,” Octavia whispers, but he does anyway.
Meanwhile, Byron is pretending to look through his jacket.  He comes up empty-handed, scratching his head.  Echo is watching him.
“Now where did I–oh, yes!” he says, as if suddenly remembering, and a purple flower appears in his hand, sprouting out of thin air.  Octavia rolls her eyes and looks away; she’s seen this trick once already.
Echo’s eyebrows go up, but it’s Jarvis who’s the most impressed.
“How’d you do that!” he shouts from my other side.
“A good secret is worth keeping,” he says, extending the flower toward Echo.  “For you, Mon Cheri.”
“Mon-what?” she asks, hesitantly accepting the gift.
“It’s French.”
“What does it mean?”
“You know, I haven’t the slightest idea.  ‘Beautiful,’ I think.”
Echo is flattered now, though she tries not to show it, and I feel an unreasonable stab of anger.  She likes that cheap trick?  It was up his sleeve, for Crom’s sake.  I bet he wouldn’t call her “beautiful” if he saw her spattered with zombie guts.  If he saw the way her chest heaved in and out after she hit that one with the shovel, eyes enlivened, yellow hair askew.  If he’d seen the fear in her blue eyes when she’d looked back at me in the alley that night, tiny droplets of rain glistening on her skin.  Or even that pouty face she makes when she’s sad and moody in the ruins … when she brushes her hair back behind her ear and tilts her head very slightly to one side …
No, not beautiful at all.
“We’re going to Apolis,” Ambrose announces, unnecessarily loud.
“Huh?  Oh, yeah.  Us too,” I say, and looking in his direction brings me back to Octavia.  I wish I had a flower and a cheap trick for her.
“Momma’s gonna meet us in Apolis.  How come you don’t wear no makeup?”
Ambrose directs this last question to Starbucks, who is staring out the window.
“Excuse me?” the big robot asks.
“Kitra has a dress and makeup.  I’ve seen lots of robots wear makeup.  How come you don’t have any?  You don’t have no money?”
Kitra is the lead wagon driver, the Plastic Person at the reigns, and Ambrose is evidently impressed by her colorful appearance.  Starbucks’s expression is the robotic equivalent of utmost astonishment and disgust.  Jarvis looks as though his birthday has come early.  He cracks up laughing.
“Ambrose, what did Momma tell you about asking strangers questions?” Octavia asks.
“They don’t like it.”
“So should you be doing it?”
“But makeup might make him pretty.”
There’s no stopping Jarvis after that.  Octavia apologizes profusely.
“Come on Star, where’s your makeup?” Jarvis asks when he can breathe again.
Starbucks turns slowly back to the window and sighs.
“Ignorant waterbags,” he mutters.
Apolis is a good distance from Hapsburg–something like three hundred miles, first west a ways, then north.  The caravan drivers vary the route they take to avoid ambushes, though in fact the caravan is well protected.
First, there’s a big robotic turret mounted on top of the supply-wagon.  I don’t know what it fires, but if the answer is anything at all, it’s bound to be deadly.  Then there’s the mech walking alongside us.  It’s a bulky, armored, gun-wielding robotic shell, as tall as Starbucks but thicker around, always with an operator controlling it from the inside.  Finally, all the drivers have weapons and can double as guards.
Any attack strong enough to destroy the mech and the turret will likely kill us all in the process.  That’s better news that it sounds.  There are groups out there with enough firepower to annihilate us–but if they have to destroy the wagons to reach the wagons, there’s no point in attacking.  Raiders are in it for profit, and you can’t sell a pile of ashes.  Thus, the assured destruction acts as a deterrent.
So we hope.
The trip is due to take ten to twelve days.  I’m a little surprised, actually.  We could almost walk there in that time.  Of course, we wouldn’t be pulling a thousand-plus pounds.  Even the Redbacks need food and rest.  They can only pull us about thirty miles a day if they’re to be of any use the following morning.
I’m paranoid about Cabal the first few days–he could hide out somewhere and snipe us from a distance–but the expectation is unreasonable.  There’d be a lot of logistical problems from his perspective, and he’s probably more concerned with hiding out from Cove’s soldiers right now.  Still, I wonder where he’s gone.
On the way west, we cross big tan grasslands.  Heading north, however, we get into greener country, and more forests start to appear.  There’s always a pond or a stream for the horses to drink from, and we take breaks to hunt for game.
At night, we arrange the wagons in a triangular perimeter around a big campfire.  This is my favorite part of the journey.  There’s something about campfires that reach into our past as a species.  The orange glow, the heat, the sparks curling up into the vast blackness; a campfire is an island not only of warmth but of time and space as well.  It separates us from the animals of lesser abilities.  It focuses, connects and mesmerizes those who circle and gaze into its depths.  It draws to itself some intangible variety of magic, which adheres like condensation, suspending disbelief, and dissipates with the morning sun.
Not to mention the fact that Octavia is positively enchanting in the flickering light.  Her skin seems to glow from the inside.  As the days pass, I learn a lot about her.  Her mother is a seamstress.  They’re moving to Apolis because her father died of an illness a few years back and the mother can no longer support them, even with Octavia’s help.  Apolis has a bigger marketplace and offers better prospects.
I’m relieved to find out she doesn’t think much of the flower-toting Byron.
“He just seems so phony,” she says on the third night, confidentially.
I immediately agree with her.  Byron is on the other side of the fire, charming Echo again.  When she laughs, I have to suppress my desire to know exactly what caused it.
“And Ambrose doesn’t like him,” she adds.
“He’s a dustbag,” Ambrose says, a bit too loudly.
“Ambrose,” Octavia admonishes, laughing.
“Big old dustbag,” Ambrose says, smiling.
“Well.  Ambrose is a good judge of character.  He knows with most people right away.  Oh, don’t worry, he likes you,” she adds with a shoulder-nudge, and I wonder if she sees the relief that crosses my face.  I want to high-five Ambrose and thank him for his support.  But Echo laughs again, distracting me.  I keep glancing across the fire.  They’re getting along a little too well.
“So, how’d you two start travelling together?” Octavia asks.
“Oh, ah … ”
I stumble through an unclear origin, staying vague on the whole we-killed-several-people-and-fled-into-the-desert thing.  It’s clearly not a satisfactory answer but it’ll have to do.
“So she’s really not your … your girl?” Octavia asks, prodding the dirt absently with a stick.
“Oh.  No … No,” I reiterate, feeling a curious exhilaration take hold.  Octavia smiles slightly and glances at me.
“Good,” she says, throwing the stick into the fire and getting to her feet.  She goes off to get some food or rummage through her supplies, leaving me to ponder the innumerable possible implications of this single word.  Did she mean “good” because she likes me or “good” as a general answer or “good” because she doesn’t like Echo or …
The fact that I’d interest her at all is baffling.  It’s beyond my ability to believe that I have anything in me worthy of the attention of so perfect a creature.  Therefore, she must have other reasons, and I look for hidden motivations.  Or perhaps I’ve fooled her somehow into thinking that I’m more than I am, in which case I must not break the illusion.  She must not see through me–to the coward, to the one who wept alone on dark days in the desert, to the one who was terrified by Cabal, to the weirdo who occasionally still talks to his dead robotic dog; no, no, this person must be kept hidden.
“It’s nice to talk to new people, isn’t it?” Echo asks later that night, as we prepare a spot a spot to sleep.
“Mmm-hmm,” I say, feeling subdued, because Echo does know that hidden person.  She knows this joy is just an interlude, like the campfire, and a great darkness lies beyond it.  There’s something deeply pessimistic in the depths of my mind, whispering eternally: all but sorrow is illusion.
Echo smiles to herself absentmindedly and something in me needs to make her stop, so I say:
“You certainly seemed to be enjoying yourself.”
“What do you mean?” she asks, glancing at me.
“Just that you seemed to be enjoying yourself,” I say, shrugging.  “You know, laughing with Byron and all that.”
She frowns.
“He’s funny,” she says.
“Sure.  Okay.”
“Sorry, I didn’t realize you could see us at all, with your eyes glued to Octavia.”
“What?  They weren’t–glued …”
“It’s like she tied a little string to your nose, and wherever she went, just kind of pulled you along.”
I’m angry now.
“At least Octavia isn’t phony,” I say.
Echo pauses in arranging her pack and gives me a look of mild outrage.
“Byron’s not phony,” she says.
“Oh really?  ‘Look at this, Mon Cheri.  Here’s a flower, Mon Cheri.’  Please.  And you, laughing at everything like a silly little girl.”
She draws back, hurt.  She blinks.  Slowly, tears come into her eyes.  Her neck cranes forward then like a cat preparing to pounce.
“So anyone showing any interest in me must be phony?  No one could actually care, is that it?  You’re a real joy to have around, you know that, Tristan?  A real joy,” she says, yanking up her pack and moving away.
“And here, take your damn blanket,” she adds, pausing to throw it at me.  “I don’t want anything of yours.”
When she lies down, she faces the opposite direction.  There’s a chill in the air, but I refuse to touch the blanket.  In the dark, Echo sniffs once.  I resolutely hold to my indignation; if it slips away, guilt might replace it.
I’ve gotten used to sleeping next to Echo.  It’s hard to sleep alone now.  Never had to deal with this nonsense when I lived alone.  For a moment I wish I was back in the Library–but the world’s a wheel and it keeps on spinning.  After a while, when I can’t sleep, I get up and find Starbucks on the edge of the camp.  He’s volunteered to help the caravaners keep watch, so he’s still up, staring quietly into the darkness.
“It’s strange how those blue-coats came looking for Cabal the other night,” I comment after we’ve greeted each other.
“Strange,” he agrees.
“I mean, how did they know some of Foundry’s men were in that inn?”
Starbucks says nothing.
“They must’ve had his name or description at least, because how else could they find out what room he was in?  And on the very night we went looking for him.”
There’s another brief silence, punctuated only by Starbucks’ odd robotic breathing.
“I thought you weren’t going to get involved,” I say.
Starbucks regards me.
“Jarvis gets easily attached.  It would damage him if the girl died and we did nothing to stop it.  Maybe I passed some information to the blue-coats.  Doesn’t make us involved.”
“I just wanted to say thanks,” I say.
“You’re welcome, though I imagine there’s a dead soldier who’s not so grateful.  And that young man from the tavern–the talk is he got away.  One day you’re going to have to deal with him.”
When I return, Echo is asleep, and I lie awake for a different reason.  I keep picturing the soldier’s face, despite having never seen it.  In the dark, it doesn’t matter so much that he was from Cove.  It’s unlikely he was at Farmington, after all.  Probably just some guy who grew up in the city-state and joined their army.  In my mind, I watch him kick in the door.  I hear the bang.  The impact would’ve knocked him back.  He must’ve known he was dead then, even if it took a while to sink in.  Was he afraid of what would come?  Who did he think of in his final moments?
I owe him.
I don’t even know his name, and yeah, I still hate Cove, but I owe this one soldier something–just as I owe Lectric and Echo and myself.  Starbucks is right; I can’t run forever.  One day I’m going to have pay a debt, and the only acceptable coin is blood.

Chapter 14.
Twelve days isn’t a very long time in the scheme of things.
But then, time is relative.  The few seconds it took to kill Ballard lasted quite a while.  The entire year before that, on the other hand, has blurred together into a memory that might as well have only lasted a week or two.  Our time on the road to Apolis lies somewhere between those extremes, though it definitely stretches beyond its implied length.
By the fourth day, Echo isn’t talking to me.  She’s being childish.  I try to tell her so, but the brief flare of anger in her eyes could burn holes through me, and then she’s not talking to me “even more,” if that makes any sense.  She talks to Byron and Jarvis instead.  Half the time I think she does it just to spite me.  Jarvis, fine–he follows her around like a puppy.  But Byron?  He can’t be that interesting.  She refuses to go hunting with me.  She sets her own snares when we stop, and at night she starts using a blanket she borrowed from the caravaners.  Still, that’s okay.  I just spend more time with Octavia.
There’s something sweet and pure about Octavia.  She’s so … undamaged.  Like that one house in a village left miraculously untouched by the Fall.  Yet sometimes she’s empty-headed about the world around her.  She says things that leave me staring at her in disbelief.  She admires Cove, for instance.  She thinks they’re working for the good of the world.  She even wants to go there one day.  I can’t resist telling her they burned my village.  She thinks that’s terrible, but also adds:
“Oh, but you mustn’t blame Cove itself, Tristan.  I’m sure those soldiers were acting against orders.  Cove doesn’t do things like that.”
“Well, they did,” I say.  She gives me this pitying look like I’ve tragically misunderstood the murder of my friends and family.  That leaves me sour for most of the day, but my anger cools when we stop again, and we form an unspoken agreement to avoid the subject.  I can’t help but forgive her.  She’s just so nice to look at.
Ambrose contributes to our conversations and is frequently a topic himself.  Octavia spends a lot of her time worrying over and caring for him.  Occasionally, Ambrose is unintentionally rude.  He asks awkward questions about Echo and brings up Cove when it’s inappropriate.  Other times, he’s disarmingly childlike.
On the sixth day out from Hapsburg, the three of us wander into a patch of forest during a midday break.  The land is particularly healthy here.  You can feel it.  Sunlight slants through the trees, illuminating small insects, suffusing the leaves until they positively drip with golden light.  Bird-calls echo throughout.  Theoretically I’m hunting, but really I’m prepared to starve if it means getting closer to Octavia.
Ambrose starts a game.  He runs off laughing and insists Octavia has to find him.  I should really thank him for this, because immediately a whole range of possibilities open up.  She pretends not to notice him for a while, but when he’s finally caught, he says it’s our turn to hide and starts counting by a boulder.  I follow Octavia so that we hide together, and in the stillness of that moment, standing behind her as she peers around a tree, I can see the smooth, soft curve of her skin from shoulder to ear beneath her long golden hair, and it’s as delicate as the gossamer wing of a butterfly.  My desire is so palpable that it smothers everything else in my awareness.
Ambrose comes after us, and Octavia is laughing and running, and I let him catch me with feigned disappointment.  They hide then while I count, and immediately Ambrose is snickering behind a bush.  It’s Octavia I’m really looking for though; we’re playing a game, but not the one Ambrose thinks.  I surprise her behind the trunk of a large tree.  She yelps and leaps out and starts to run, but I grab her around her midriff.  She turns, laughing, out of breath, and all at once we’re inches apart with her back toward a tree.  Her chest is pressed lightly against me, and my hands are lingering on her waist.
When Farmington burned, I was twelve, and brief moments like that time with Crispin’s sister in the pond meant I was only just beginning to understand what real attraction felt like.  During the three years that followed, the only girls I saw were Conan’s scantily clad companions.  Then Echo burst back into my life, but our time has mostly been taken up by survival and fear.  Thus, I have never seen a look in a girl’s eyes quite like this.  Even so, I feel like I’ve seen it a thousand times before.  The delicate tilt of her face, the half-lidded eyes, the sense of something hidden–it’s all oddly familiar, a thing in the genes, older and bigger than my sad little life.
And then I’m leaning in, and her lips are soft and wet against mine.  Time is stretched to the breaking point, and I can hardly believe the world would be willing to give me this moment, this glorious shining instant.  Things this good just don’t happen.  When she draws back, I want more, but she only smiles coyly and flits away, laughing.
The rest of our time in the forest is a blur.  My heart floats on a breeze.  My whole body is electrified.  I don’t see half the things around me.  I’m too busy remembering her lips.  Back at camp, a cooking fire is already blazing, bits of meat spitted above it.  We have nothing to contribute, but I don’t care about eating.  Everything else is a bonus at this point.  Jarvis offers me some of a wildcat he snagged, and it’s the best meal I’ve had in days.
“What are you so happy about?” Echo asks despite her non-talking policy, plopping down on my right.
“Hrm?  Nothing,” I say.
Ambrose snickers.  He’s been doing this for about ten minutes, in fact.  It’s becoming increasingly obvious, something the group can’t ignore as they sit around the fire.
“Ambrose, what’s so funny?” Jarvis asks.
“I don’t want to say!” Ambrose says in an oddly high-pitched voice, but he’s still stifling some great amusement, shaking his head, and it’s obvious he does want to say; he’s bursting with the effort not to.
“Come on,” Jarvis says.
“I saw them two in the trees–kissing!” he bursts out finally, pointing at us and laughing goofily.
“Ambrose,” Octavia mutters, her eyes widening.  She buries herself in an apple, though there’s a little smile at the corners of her mouth as she chews.
A flush is rising up my neck, but I can’t suppress a smile–until I glance at Echo.  Something about the way she’s looking at me kills my joy and wipes my expression clean.  Her mouth is open slightly, and she’s sitting stock-still with her blue eyes, a chunk of charred meat forgotten in her hand.  She gives me this long intense look that says all kinds of things I can’t decipher.  Then she stands and moves toward the forest, muttering something about checking a snare.  She carries my mood away with her.  Things don’t feel the same after that.  I still remember Octavia’s lips, but Echo’s reaction stays on my mind.
She doesn’t return until it’s time to leave.  She sits in the wagon and stares out the window in silence.  Her face is blank, unreadable.  She doesn’t speak until we’ve stopped for the night.  As I lie down to sleep, her tone becomes uncharacteristically formal.
“When we reach Apolis, I’m going north to look for Haven.  You can go where you want,” she says, her face a mask as she turns away.
“Echo–I’m … we’re going together, aren’t we?” I say, sitting up straight.
“We made it out of the desert, Tristan.  You’re free.  I don’t need you.  I can survive on my own.”
She goes away to lie down, leaving me staring after her in the dark.  She’s right–I don’t have to go with her.  I could stay in Apolis.  Jarvis says it’s a guarded city-state, not as big as Cove or Foundry but with castle-like walls built up from the ruins of an old armory.  His family is wealthy there too.  Maybe they’d help me find a place to stay.  We could hunt the ruins together for new treasures …
But somehow I can’t imagine being apart from Echo.  I don’t even want to be apart from her now.  I want to feel her lying next to me again.  Apolis would feel empty without her.  Octavia in the forest, with her soft lips and golden hair, was a unique joy, something separate from the world around us–but out in the wastes, between the pulse-mine and the sudden storms and the quiet nights beneath the stars, Echo became a part of me.  She’s wrong.  I do have to go with her.  Not because she needs me but because …
I don’t need anyone, I tell myself, cutting off the thought.  Still, I can’t imagine not going with her.  Somehow, when I wasn’t paying attention, things became tangled.  Like the electrical cords in my grandfather’s shop–if you left them out, they always tied themselves in knots.
Over the next few days, I’m less eager to spend time with Octavia.  I’m subdued, especially on the wagon, and when she says more empty-headed things, it bothers me.  Echo is on my mind a lot, but her manner is cool and distant.  She remains so until the tenth day, when everything changes.
Jarvis spots the ruin first.
It’s near dusk on day nine, and the caravan has stopped for the night.  Jarvis has eaten some bad meat.  He’s been running a light fever and vomiting and using the bathroom a lot.  Travelling most of the day doesn’t make it any easier on him.  It’s not like a wagon has internal plumbing.  We have to make extra stops.
The sky is a rich purple-blue fringed with dying pink embers, and we’re camping in a grassy field dotted with patches of trees–when Jarvis calls my name.
“You see that?” he asks, staring into the distance.  There’s a cliff a mile or two away, topped with trees.
“See what?” I ask.
“That.  There’s something up there.  Where’s your spyglass?”
I don’t see anything, but the spyglass vindicates him.  A half-standing stone building is hidden among the trees.  I don’t know how he saw it from this distance.  Other signs of the World Before lie elsewhere along the ridge.  Still, I’ve seen plenty of ruins, so it’s not all that interesting.
“We’ve gotta check it out,” Jarvis says.  His eyes are lit up with excitement, though he’s shivering and sweating from the fever.
“It’s just some old stone buildings.  They’re probably picked clean,” I say.
“No way.  Tristan, you don’t understand.  I’ve been to all the major ruins around here.  I’ve never seen this site!  We’ve got to go.”
“I don’t think you’re going anywhere, Jarvis.”
He enlists Starbucks in the cause, but the big robot agrees with me.
“You’re staying here.  Besides, it’s dark, and that cliff must be an hour away,” he says.
Jarvis is undiscouraged.
“In the morning then.  We can wake up early and hit it before the caravan sets out.  We’ve got to.  For all we know, the place is a goldmine.”
Starbucks is doubtful, but there’s no dissuading the boy.
Apolis is two or three days away.  When the campfire blazes that night, most of the travelers are lighthearted.  Byron is really pouring on the charm, talking to everyone, doing magic tricks, entertaining the caravaners.  Despite this, Echo is strangely reticent.  I’m scowling outright.  Byron gives me an ill feeling.  When he talks to you, it’s like his eyes are laughing, only you’re never sure quite why–is it from the joke he’s telling you, or are you the joke?
Nevertheless, he helps foster a party-atmosphere around the fire.  Kitra, synthetic flesh still smeared with makeup, breaks out a sitar.  She’s joined by an older, round-bellied traveler with a guitar.  They play old tunes together.  The man’s wife even sings.  There’s a happy tale of an Irish traveler, and sadder tales of the World Before.  Byron claps along.  Afterwards, he makes an announcement.
“I’ve been saving this for trade, but it’s been a marvelous trip, and I’d like to share some with you fine people–honeyed wine, from the Monks of Aversteen!”
He hefts a weighty jug, much to the delight of his fellow travelers.  It’s passed around.  I wave it on by.
“Come now, Tristan.  If you can’t taste life’s sweetness now and then, why bother carrying on?” Byron asks, holding out the jug.
I pretend he’s not there.  He shrugs and moves on.  Echo, sitting a little ways from me, looks reluctant at first, but then she lifts the jug to her lips.  Octavia asks me if I’ll be staying in Apolis.  I give vague answers.  Half an hour later, the jug is still hovering around Byron and Echo, though it’s considerably lighter.
One by one, the campers drift off.  Octavia and Ambrose say goodnight.  I’m tired, yet I linger, watching Echo.  Byron has his arm around her.  I’m seething.  Her head lolls like it’s heavy on her neck.  She starts shrug his arm away but slumps lethargically against him instead.  He whispers to her.  She pushes at him vaguely, irritated.  Her shoulders slump a second time.  She stares into the fire.  Some of the smile has left Byron’s eyes.  The orange flames make a devilish mask of his face.  He gets to his feet and encourages Kitra to play another song.
Some minutes later, Echo struggles to her own feet.  She’s looking at me, glassy-eyed, enwrapped in her borrowed blanket.  She’s going to come over and say something–but no, she mutters something about peeing and walks off through the triangle of wagons.
Sighing, I lay my blanket in a patch of soft grass.  My pack is arranged and my crossbow on the ground, I’m ready for bed … but Echo hasn’t returned.  It has been long enough, hasn’t it?  Definitely.  She should’ve been back by now.  What if something’s happened to her?  Wait–Byron is gone too.
I can’t sleep now.  I have to know.  I head after Echo through a small patch of forest.  Voices drift through the trees.  Byron and Echo.  Fine, they’re talking … alone in the woods.  I’m angry, but I don’t want to barge in on something.  Echo isn’t exactly happy with me right now.  Still, I keep going.
They’re hard to see in the dark.  A sliver of moon helps.  I spot Echo walking my way, oblivious to my presence.  She’s swaying perilously.  It’s a straight path through the tall grass, yet she’s navigating it like a tightrope.  The talk is done, she’s returning to camp–but Byron isn’t finished.  He grabs her arm, saying something I can’t make out.  All at once, he’s kissing her.
My body tenses.  I freeze.  Echo doesn’t react right away–is she kissing him back?  No, she veers her head away.  But he doesn’t let go.  His lips go to her neck.  She pushes against his chest.  Harder.  She starts making little jerking motions, squirming, trying to shove him away, but she can’t break free.  She’s saying things in protest, quiet at first, then louder, angrier, almost frantic–and still he won’t stop, he’s stronger, and she’s only half-conscious.  He backs her up against a tree, holding her there, ripping her shirt.
I’m not aware of moving.  My hands are on the back of his shirt, and then I’m throwing him, he’s hurtling across the forest-floor.  He smashes into a tree and falls to the ground.  He’s holding his head, down on one knee, turning, before he sees me.  His eyes go wide.  He flings up his hands in defense.
“Woah, woah–don’t kill me, man!” he manages.  To my surprise, I’m holding the hand-axe.  Apparently I tore it from my belt loop.  My hands are trembling, my expression severe.  Now that it’s in my awareness, the decision is there too: I could kill him.  I have the power to end his life right here, right now.  Who would stop me?  I could do this unspeakable thing (which I’ve already done to Ballard–but this feels different somehow, more like murder).
Yet it’s not who I am.  The decision is made beneath the level of words.  A flip switches in my mind.  The axe is lowered.  Byron rises cautiously to his feet, swearing.  His eyes aren’t smiling now.
“Now I see why you went after Octavia.  This one’s nothing but a frigid tease,” he says.
I make as if to raise the axe again, and he stumbles backwards, raising his hands.
“I’m going, I’m going.  Enjoy her while it lasts,” he says.  There’s an ugly smirk on his face.  What does he mean by that?  He’s on his way back to the camp.  I turn back to Echo.
“Are you–”
Her arms around my neck cut me off.  She pulls me into a silent embrace, staying like that an unnaturally long time.  Her breath is deep and heavy.  She pulls back slightly and grabs the front of my collar, bunching it in her fists.  She stares at me with drunken, bleary eyes, licking her lips, and my heart kicks itself into overdrive, because for a moment I think she’s going to pull me down into a kiss.  There’s something open and vulnerable in her gaze.  The alcohol has burned a hole through her outer psyche.  Hidden things peek through.
“Tristan, I … I think I …” she slurs, shaking her head.  She has some desperate message to convey.  It’s in her eyes.  She opens her mouth to speak…
… and vomits into the grass.
“Sorry,” she says.  I hold her hair back.  When she’s done, she pulls big leaves off a tree to wipe her mouth.  She looks sideways at me.
“You don’t always have to save me, Tristan.  I can handle myself, you know.”
“I know,” I say, though she wasn’t doing a particularly good job just now.
“I mean it,” she says, anger flaring in her eyes.
We walk toward the camp.  Echo trips on a branch and loses her balance, cursing.  She leans on my arm the rest of the way.  Byron’s nowhere in sight.  Must be sleeping in one of the wagons.  I lead Echo to my blanket.  We spoon like we did in the desert.  She wraps her hand in mine, takes a shuddering breath and immediately falls sleep.  I lay awake a short while, paranoid that Byron may return seeking vengeance, but he doesn’t reappear.
I’m woken by Jarvis.  He kneels over me, still feverish and shivering, but a vast enthusiasm suffuses his visage.
“You ready?” he asks.  “Come on, dude.  We gotta go.”
“Wha …?  S’not time.”
“Yes, it is–time for the ruins, Tristan!”
Crom.  The ruins.  An expedition seems unlikely, but I get up anyway.  I could always do with some extra goods to trade.  We wake Starbucks.  Immediately he shoots Jarvis down.
“We’ve got to.  We may not be back this way before winter.  Just a quick look,” Jarvis pleads.  It takes more badgering, but in the end Starbucks sighs.
“I’ll go.  Tristan can come if he wants.  You will stay here and rest,” the big robot says.
Jarvis agrees.
“Why not,” I say.  Echo is still sleeping.  I shake her until she mumbles.  When I tell her what’s happening, she goes back to sleep.  I try again with the same result.  She might as well be a zombie.
“Looks like it’s me and you,” I tell Starbucks.
I have to make room in my pack.  I’m storing some things in one of the wagons–when I run into Byron.  He too is up before dawn.
“Tristan!” he exclaims, startled.  “Listen.  Sorry about last night, mate.  The wine got to me, you know?  I didn’t mean–”
“Move.”
I store the items wrapped in a cloth under my seat.
“You, uh, where are you going?” Byron asks, confused.
“Nowhere,” I say, though that’s obviously not true.
“You–you can’t leave now.”
I scowl at him.
“They’ll be prepping the horses soon.  It’s almost dawn,” he explains.
Walking past, I join Starbucks.  Minutes later, we set out for the ruins.
It takes less than an hour to reach the cliff.  Finding our way up is another story.  We walk along the base looking for a suitable incline.  We find a promising path, only to stop thirty feet from the peak.  A sheer wall blocks all further progress.  Starbucks mutters something about Jarvis.  We’re forced to descend.  The cliff runs north-south.  We head south along the base for half a mile before we find another potential path.  It leads a third of the way up, then slants sideways in a gradual rise.  My legs are tired.  It feels like a long time before we reach the top.
“Great idea, Jarvis.  Great idea,” I say.
“That boy will be the death of us all,” Starbucks says, his malleable face approximating a frown.  Time dictates that we should already be on our way back.  Starbucks knows it too, but now we’re at the top.  We’ve invested too much to just turn around.
“We’ll take a quick look,” he decides.
The stone building Jarvis spotted turns out to be an old fort.  It doesn’t feel like most of the ruins I’ve been through.  There’s little salvage.  However, the place was still visited, if not inhabited, at the time of the Fall.  I know this because people died here, and among their bones are ragged leather wallets containing plastic money-cards and silver-colored coins.  I find only one other item of interest: a small leather pouch with elaborate black dice inside.  The dice aren’t standard issue.  One has twenty sides, one twelve, another only four.  I’ve never seen anything like it.  Someone’s bound to trade for it.  We rob the dead and call it a day.
On the way back, Starbucks is angry.  He doesn’t say much, but it’s in his face and movements.  Would the caravan leave without us?  We’ve taken far too long.  We’re still making our way back down the cliff-face when a noise stops us in our tracks.  The staccato burst of a big weapon echoes far and wide across the grassy plains below.  Starbucks and I look at each other.  My heart quails in fear.
“The turret,” I say.

Chapter 15.
The turret–it can’t be anything else.  Yet it was only a quick burst, bam-bam-bam.  Maybe it was a false alarm, or they fired at game, or it’s meant as a signal for us to hurry.  If there were a real threat, it should still be firing–shouldn’t it?  Speculation is pointless.  All we can do is hasten our descent.  When we hit the bottom, we race across the sea of grass.  A strong breeze makes green waves around us.  I’m waiting for more sound or smoke, but nothing comes.  We reach the last patch of trees before the camp, and Starbucks holds up a hand.
We approach slowly, crouching until the first glimpse of the camp comes into view between the trees.  The wagons are there, yes, and there’s the turret.  It’s not firing now.  All appears well …
Until it doesn’t.
The fullness of the scene hits me like a punch in the face.  The camp is empty.  There’s not a whisper of sound.  The big, beautiful horses lie dead with their tethers still attached.  The armored mech stands alone by the dirt road on the edge of the campsite, ominously still.  During the entire journey, this mech has never once been unoccupied.  The operators take shifts inside, switching out every eight hours.  One of them is still inside, but the back of the mech is open, and the operator is slumped over the controls.  Another operator lies on the ground a few feet away, cut almost in half by the tell-tale burn of a high-energy beam weapon.
Where the hell is everyone else?
We emerge into the camp itself.  Aside from the dead Redbacks and the mech operators, there are few signs of a struggle.  Even the supplies in the third wagon remain, though whoever operated the turret is missing.  So much for the “assured destruction” theory.
What kind of raiders leave the loot behind?
“Kitra,” Starbucks says.
She’s lying on the other side of the wagon, sitting against a wheel, holding her midriff.  A phosphorescent blue liquid pools around her, seeping from her insides, staining the yellow flowers of her ragged summer dress.  At the sound of her name, she lifts her head.  We run to her.  She lifts one hand and puts it on my shoulder.  Her glassy eyes stare at me out of their rubber-flesh enclosure.
“He took them,” she says.
“Who?” Starbucks asks.
“The … The grass came alive.”
Starbucks stands abruptly, staring down at her in horror.
“What does that mean?  Where are they?” I ask.
“Taken by the grass-man,” Kitra says.
Kitra doesn’t have long.  That blue liquid means could mean only one thing.  Ruptured fuel cells.  The Plastic People don’t have to eat or drink, but they have to replace their cells every few years.  When Kitra’s cells run out of power, her body will shut down.  Like a human brain, the Minkowski-4 needs continuous power to maintain functionality.  If it shuts down for longer than ten or fifteen minutes, relationships between the neural pathways begin to lose their coherence.  Functionality become unrecoverable.  Kitra will die, in other words.
“What happened with the turret?” I ask.
“Sabotage.  The magic boy.  He stopped the turret.”
Magic boy …
“Byron?”
Mother of Crom.  I should’ve buried that axe in his head when I had the chance.
“Yes.  Byron.  Another magic trick,” Kitra says, shaking her head.  “He seemed so nice … Then the grass took them.  I tried … I tried to drive the horses, but the grass-man put holes in them.  Put holes in me too.”
“Where’s Byron now?” Starbucks asks.
“Taken.  He told the grass-man about you.  I heard them talking.  Byron wanted to wait and take you too.  But the grass-man was angry.  The turret killed one of his monsters.  He said you’d hear the shots and hide.  Said Byron was supposed to keep things quiet.  So he put the magic-boy in the sled with the others.  Can you–get my book?  And my sitar?”
Kitra gestures vaguely to the wagon behind her.  In my current mental state, the smallness of the request strikes me as aggravating and distracting.  I just want to know where Echo is and how to get her back–who cares about a book and a sitar?  But Kitra is dying.  This is her only request.  I retrieve her things, the instrument and a black leather bible.  She thanks me and clutches the items in her lap, then begins reciting a prayer.
“I thought the Christians don’t accept synthetics into their ranks,” Starbucks says.
“There’s a parish for the Created down in Boulderfield.  Reverend Cold tells us we don’t have to be accepted by man to follow Christ,” Kitra says.
“You hold with a faith that tells us we have no souls?” Starbucks asks, frowning.
“It’s not the faith that says so, just people.  Reverend Cold says all living things got souls–we’re alive, aren’t we?  I served humans the best I could all my life.  Will God not accept me into his Kingdom because my bones are made of metal?”
Starbucks only scowls.  He turns away to examine the rest of the camp.  I’m about to stand but Kitra stops me.
“Don’t go.  Please,” she says, reaching out.  Her hand feels almost like real flesh, only firmer and smoother.  I crouch there, listening to her pray.  Slowly, her voice sinks to a whisper.  Her chin droops by degrees.  Finally, her hand drops and the life goes from her body.
“Tristan,” Starbucks calls.  There’s a heaviness to his robotic voice.  He’s crouched out in the grass by the side of the road, looking at something.  A body.
Fear fills me.  I can’t see it from here, but I just know it’s Echo.  Who else would it be?  Time for disaster.  Time for unending sorrow and bitter regrets.  I’m waiting for the hammer to drop when I see the brown shoes sticking out of the grass–the shoes of a man.
Thank God.
Thank Crom and Ishtar and Set; it’s not Echo after all.  A mixture of guilt and sorrow follow: guilt because I am relieved, sorrow because it’s still someone I know.
Ambrose.
Octavia’s brother lies dead in the grass.  His clothes and general bodily features are recognizable–his face is not.  His face is a blackened crater.  I can hardly believe this thing in the grass was once animate, that this isn’t just a morbid sculpture but the remnants of an actual person.  Yet the evidence is undeniable.  Ambrose’s ear and parts of his hair are perfectly intact, only inches from the ruin of his face.  I remember that day in the forest: him laughing and running, me chasing down Octavia for a kiss.  The memory seems to belong to someone else.  I can only imagine how Octavia must be feeling.
“Why?” I whisper.
“The boy had brain damage.  The flesh markets have no use for a body like that,” Starbucks says.
“Flesh markets?” I ask, bewildered.
“Where they sell slaves, up north.  That’s why they were taken.  That’s where they’re headed now.”
Echo in a netted enclosure, heading for captivity … Octavia and the others too, everyone who shared the fire with me–bound for a life of servitude.  Byron’s betrayal is unthinkable.  Yet Ambrose was harmless.  He was no threat to anyone.
“Couldn’t they have just left him?” I ask.
“I think they did.  He’s further away than the others.  Looks like he may have chased the sled.  Probably ran after his sister.  Grass Man turned back and shot him.  Probably didn’t think twice.”
“Ambrose,” I lament, closing my eyes, rubbing my temples.
We find only one other body–but it’s not one of ours.  It’s an automaton.  Programmed, not sentient.  Dead now, in any case.  The main body is shaped like an elongated egg.  Four long legs stick out.  If I had to guess, I’d say the legs were modeled after one of the extinct big cats; the cheetah, perhaps.  The thing was meant to run.  It was also meant to hide.  Long tufts of plastic grass cover its hide like mottled green-brown fur.  This is the “monster” the turret hit in its one brief moment of glory.
“The Demon of the Grasses,” Starbucks says.  “That’s who Kitra was talking about.  I’ve heard of him in Apolis.  This is one of his bots.  He’s a robot.  And a slavetrader.  He’ll be heading north.”
As we look through the wagons, it becomes clear what happened.  The Grass Man, as Kitra called him, hid somewhere out in the fields with a long-range beam rifle.  Around dawn, the mech operators changed shifts, and he burned them both down while they were vulnerable.  Then he sent in the automatons.  An EMP device took out the turret.  The supply-wagon is hardened to prevent such an attack–but the controls weren’t shielded from inside the wagon.  Apparently Byron hid a device with his supplies.  When he saw that the attack had begun, he triggered it with a remote, leaving the wagons defenseless.
Finding the device, I decide to hold onto it.  If nothing else, I’ll salvage it for parts.  I make sure the batteries are dead first though.  I don’t want it capable of sending out a signal.  I’m guessing it’s got some kind of locator mixed in, else how would the Grass Man have known exactly where and when to strike?
With the turret out of action, the automatons chased down anyone who ran, locking their legs around them–this is what Starbucks tells me they’re designed for.  Then the Grass Man came up with his sled and caged everyone, even some of the Plastic People.
“The further north you go, the less they like humans.  Cyberia lies in that direction, and that’s robot-only territory.  To them, the Plastic People are even lower than the infected.  They’re traitors to their people,” Starbucks says.
But all I can think about now is Byron and how I should’ve killed him.  I didn’t like him already but this is hatred on a whole new level.  The device in the turret means he’d planned the betrayal from the start.  Someone working with the Grass Man must’ve approached him in one of the towns to the south.  Someone had planned it out, given him the tools.  What did they pay him?  That hidden laughter always playing about Byron’s eyes: this was his great joke all along.  Maybe the payment didn’t even matter.
A good secret is worth keeping.
That son of a bitch.  Maybe he’s already getting his just rewards.  Thrown in with the others–he hadn’t planned on that! 
“There’s no point staying longer,” Starbucks says.
He’s right.  We should bury Ambrose, or build a cairn, or do anything except leave him in the grass, but every minute we linger is another minute we fall behind.  We carry him to one of the wagons and leaving him covered with a blanket.  We lay Kitra and the turret operators beside him.  Maybe whoever finds these wagons and takes the goods will have the decency to bury the dead.
There’s never any question that we’ll go after the Grass Man.  The only question is whether or not to involve Apolis.  Starbucks could raise a posse there–but we’d lose time and possibly their trail, and if that happens we’ll likely never see our friends again.  That decides it.  We’ll go after them alone.  We need to catch the Grass Man before he gets too deep into hostile territory, or we risk losing them forever.
On the verge of leaving, Starbucks pauses and looks back.
“The drone.  We may need it to cross the z-line,” he says.
He unhooks Jarvis’s wagon, along with the big robotic tug at the head of the supply wagon.  The tug escaped the reach of Byron’s device.  He hooks them together.  Then he tosses out almost all Jarvis’s treasure to reduce the weight.  He keeps the aerial drone, water and food.  We pick up abandoned weapons left by the caravaners and toss those in too.  Along with his sickles and my crossbow, we end up with a shotgun, Echo’s machine-pistol and two laser rifles.  Volume Seven and the electronic components go back in my own pack, having been removed to make room for artifacts.  The black dice go in there too; they’re small and might be useful in a trade.  Finally, we jog north-northwest, followed by the tug pulling Jarvis’s wagon.
The Grass Man’s path isn’t hard to follow.  The grass has been flattened by his passage.  We leave a fortune in goods behind us–not only Jarvis’s treasures but the wagons, mech, and a good deal of supplies.  The next group to stumble along will be only too happy to avail themselves.
“What would a robot want with human slaves?” I ask along the way.
“Same thing a human wants with human slaves.  Free labor.  Reproductive functions.  Someone to kick around.  Depends on the person.  But robots aren’t the only ones who buy from these markets.”
“People too?  You said they hated us up north.”
“The further north you go, yes, but there are still humans as far as a hundred miles north of the z-line.  Sin bonds stronger than species.  Besides, they have a saying in the flesh markets: ‘gold is brighter than carbon.’”
By the end the day, we’re far west of the road, traversing a series of rolling green hills.  Small lakes dot the land.  I’m dead tired and my legs feel like jelly.  We’ve had no sight of our quarry.  At least the tug has managed to keep up.  I ask Starbucks more about the Grass Man.
“They say he rides some kind of sled pulled by robots–probably the same kind we saw back at the wagons.  Other than that, there’s not much I can tell you.  Heard rumors in a few places, been up near the flesh markets a time or two, but I wasn’t even sure this ‘Demon of the Grasses’ was anything more than smoke until today … Now he has Jarvis,” he finishes quietly.
“And Echo.”
And Octavia and her soft, wet lips–but when I lay in the grass with my head on my pack, it’s Echo I miss most.  Only a day ago she was here, right here, sleeping next to me.  Now her absence is pervasive.  She’s gone from my eyes, from my ears, from my arms.  She’s even gone from my dreams.  When I fall asleep, I’m still running with Starbucks, only we never seem to get anywhere.  We spot the Grass Man and Byron far ahead, forever out of reach.
“Oh, they’re gone now, Tristan.  They won’t be back,” Kitra tells me, a deluge of blue liquid spilling from her guts.  It keeps coming out, and suddenly it’s everywhere, it’s all over me, I can’t get it off.  It fills my mouth and my eyes–but then it’s not Kitra’s blood; it’s Echo’s.
In the morning, we’re back on the trail.  My muscles ache.  How long can I carry on like this?  Starbucks is pushing himself too.  His body is overheating.  He has to intake water as a coolant, which he accomplishes by sucking it in through a tube above his right hip.  My mind deals with the strain by resorting, seemingly of its own accord, to the poem read to us by Franklin the Ferryman.
It was many and many a year ago,
In a kingdom by the sea,
That a maiden there lived whom you may know,
By the name of Annabel Lee…
On it goes, over and over again, a litany against fear, against change, against disaster.  It distracts me and sustains me.  A thousand times it repeats in my head.
As we approach the z-line, the roamers start to show themselves.  The first one gets decapitated at a run by one of Starbucks’ sickles.  We pass others in the distance.  I’m wondering where we’ll sleep.
Out here, the main body of the z-line is marked not by the ruins of a city or infested suburban sprawl, but by a forest.  The roamers are spread thinner too.  We could almost run right past them.  It’s a deceiving notion, however.  We’d likely have a small horde pursuing us by the time we hit the other side.  Starbucks has to kill a dozen stragglers who wander in from the distance before we even near the main line.
The Grass Man’s tracks stop near the edge of the forest.  They lead toward a bush … which isn’t a bush at all.  It’s the vehicle we’ve been following, empty and concealed by shrubs and fallen branches.  The “sled” is a wide metallic cart, mounted on treads with a big cage in the back.  The hull tapers toward the front, where there’s a seat and eight coiled metal wires.
Leashes, I think, examining the wires.  He must hook them to his bots; they pull the vehicle behind them.  Apparently the Grass Man couldn’t get the sled through the z-line, so he abandoned it, taking the captives with him.
But where did he go?
We spend time examining the area.  We find a number of tracks, but they don’t lead anywhere.  The whole group may as well have vanished.  I can’t figure it out.  Meanwhile, dusk is only an hour or two off, and our movements draw occasional zombies from deeper into the forest.  We accumulate a small pile of heads from the whirl of Starbucks’ sickles.  I’m looking up at the trees, thinking how we’ll have to climb somewhere high to sleep, when dead leaves crunch beneath my boots, and I become cognizant of an aberration.  The ground just doesn’t feel like it should.  Less solid somehow.  I walk around and confirm the feeling.  Crouching, I brush away the leaves, twigs, and dirt.  My hands hit something artificial.
It’s a wooden construct, timbers woven together into a solid frame, almost like a raft.  I call Starbucks.  We clear it off and lift the thing.  Beneath it is a hole.  More precisely, the entrance to a tunnel.
“You think this goes all the way through?” I ask.
“Wouldn’t be much use if it didn’t,” Starbucks says, marveling.
The tunnel is too narrow for Jarvis’s cart.  We have to leave it behind.  We conceal it with more branches and leaves, just as the Grass Man did with his own vehicle.  Then Starbucks climbs down, takes out his sickles, and ventures into the dark.  I still have my flashlight from all the way back in the Library, so I fish it out and flick it on, piercing the gloom ahead.
It’s eerily quiet.  Muted.  Like being buried.  The walls of the tunnel get so narrow they scrape my sides.  Roots stick down from the ceiling.  At the end of the tunnel, we push up another wooden cover.
We emerge cautiously just north of the forest.  A slow-walker comes in from the distance.  Starbucks cleaves through its neck.  Otherwise, there are few roamers in sight.  This side of the z-line, I’m expecting some kind of immediate change–and there is, psychologically; a greater sense of threat hangs invisibly in the air–but the land looks much the same.
The tracks lead to a dirt road.  From there, they intermingle with others, but we can see the general direction of their passage.
“If I have our location right, the nearest market should only be a few miles from here,” Starbucks says.
“Will the Grass Man stop there?” I ask.
“Seems likely.  He’s a procurer, not a collector.  No reason to hold onto cargo unless he’s got a specific buyer in mind.”
The road branches north, along with the tracks.  A sign is posted:
*
Mudcross–2 mi.
*
Starbucks and I look at each other.  If this is his goal, the Grass Man has definitely reached it before us.  The question now is one of procedure.  Starbucks is familiar with the general area but doesn’t know much about Mudcross itself.  We decide to leave the road and proceed north through the countryside, hoping to spy out the area and learn more before contemplating any rescue attempt.
An hour later, we’re lying atop a grassy rise with my spyglass trained on Mudcross.  The sun has gone down, but the moon’s gentle light assists us in our efforts.  The market-town is a collection of squat buildings clustered around a central plaza, all enclosed by a fence-like barricade of tall, spiked timbers.  Armed robots stand on platforms beside the two gates, moonlight glinting off their silver hides.  If our aim was to take the slaves by force, we’re hopelessly outmatched.  It’s hard to tell much else in the darkness.  We retreat a mile east and camp in a remote copse of trees.  I’m exhausted, but sleep is slow to come.
Things look different in the morning light.  The name for the place becomes clear, and it’s neither articulate nor creative.  The field on which Mudcross is stationed has been churned to mud, and two roads intersect just beyond its northern gate.
The grassy rise yields a decent viewing-angle into the village.  I can see an auction block and various trade shops.  A few people–robots, mostly–are moving about the streets.  I’m sweeping the spyglass to and fro–when my heart stops.  A concrete building sits near the central plaza.  Its windows are small, high and blocked by thick steel bars.  One such window frames a flash of blonde hair…
Echo.
One glimpse and she’s gone.  She must’ve boosted herself up on someone’s shoulders.  But it was her … wasn’t it?  Could I have been imagining things?  No, I’m sure.  Which means they’re probably all in that building.
I tell Starbucks.  We back down from the rise and swing around to see the town from another angle.  The building looks secure.  The door is guarded too.  We watch for a while.  We talk about our options.  The list is depressingly short.  We could try to break them out–“somehow.”  We could simply walk in and buy them, but we don’t have the goods to trade, and they prefer gold in the flesh markets.  Or we could wait for someone else to buy them, then ambush the buyer on the road–but here there are too many uncertainties, and it’s likely only one or a few of the slaves would be purchased by any single party.  There’s simply no viable option.
We watch Mudcross.  It’s an hour before I spot him.  Tall.  Spindly.  A black metallic hide covered with long, plastic tufts of imitation green-brown grass.  It couldn’t be anyone else.  A chill goes through me.
The Grass Man.
His face is hidden behind a mask that appears to have been fashioned from a human skull.  He’s added long curving goat-horns for greater effect.  Despite his robotic nature, the Grass Man seems a creature of the wild, no more than an infrequent guest even in a back-country town like Mudcross.  He disappears inside a building and doesn’t reemerge during our watch.
Starbucks uses the spyglass a while.  We ruminate over vaguely plausible plans.  I keep coming back to the breakout idea, working at it, only to conclude that it’s hopeless.  We’d need an army to invade this place.  The phrase sticks in my head, repeats itself on its own.
We’d need an army … we’d need an army …
Then it hits me.
I know exactly what we’re going to do.

Chapter 16.
It takes most of the day to implement my plan.
First I lay out my blanket in the grass at the base of a lonely tree east of Mudcross.  Then I pick out tufts of grass and plaster them to the gray fabric with a light layer of mud.  Leaving it there to dry in the sun, the two of us return south to the underground passage straddling the z-line, where we retrieve the aerial drone from Jarvis’s wagon.  It hasn’t been used in weeks, so its solar cells have long since reached full capacity.  Starbucks shows me how to operate the controller.  Soon the drone whirs into the air.  When it’s in the trees, I press a button for the audio.  Dance music shatters the silence of the forest.
Immediately, roamers come.  They stretch eagerly but vainly toward the bait.  I send the drone west.  It has basic object avoidance programmed in, so I don’t have to pay attention to every branch and tree.  It collects the infected like a magnet through metal shavings.
For hours, we trawl the z-line.  As it did in the ghost-town, the tail of the “zombie-comet” begins to stretch far behind the main group.  The two of us are forced to retreat to the northern edge of the trees, almost out of sight.  We move parallel to the drone, watching through my spyglass.  Starbucks makes short work of the stragglers who head our way.  After several miles, the trees thin out, and there’s a dead suburb thick with fresh recruits … if you can call a zombie “fresh.”  They join our cause, as does the next suburb after that.
“You think this is overkill?” I ask, looking at the enormous horde trailing Jarvis’s drone.
“Definitely,” says Starbucks, smiling grimly.
“Should we stop?”
“Nope.”
By the time we do, a veritable city of undead is following us.  The drone better not run out of power.  Starbucks has assured me it won’t.  We return east with our subjects, then lead them north out of the forest and straight up the road to Mudcross.  The sun is sinking again.  Will they still follow in the dark?  I hope so.  The strange thing about the z-line is that idle undead always seem to return to it.  Our active bait should keep them interested long enough for our purpose, however.
A mile from the market-town, Starbucks takes the controls.
“Go,” he says.
I run east through the tall grass.  I circle the town, leaving Starbucks far behind, looking for the lonely tree where I left my blanket.  Crom, where is it?  A stab of panic hits me–wasn’t this the tree?  No.  I have to find the right one quickly though.  Oh thank God, there it is.  My blanket is waiting.  The mud has dried reasonably well, enough to keep the grass in place.
Quickly, I drop my pack beneath the tree.  Taking only my crossbow, four bolts, a sparker, and the grassy blanket, I hurry back to the rise we used the night before.  The sun has finished its descent.  A rich, deep blue encroaches on the pink smear of horizon.  A patchwork of clouds hides the moon–even better.  I can barely see the nearest sentry, who stands on a platform above the wooden posts.  Hopefully that means he can barely see me.
I’m wearing dark clothes, and I’ve smeared my arms and face with mud.  Still, my heart is pounding hard.  From the top of the rise, I slither forward through the grass, creeping toward Mudcross.  I’m a shadow in a field of shadows, but if that sentry is paying particularly good attention, he still might spot me.  You can’t outrun a laser.
The drone should swing into view any minute now.  Closer to Mudcross–perilously close–I cinch the blanket over my back and lie still, listening.  The wind whispers a secret song.  The walls of the town are barely visible through the tall grass.  An odd blue beetle passes inches from my nose, oblivious.  It’s funny–there is no World Before, no artifacts, no tragedy for such a creature; as far as the beetles are concerned, the world is the same now as it was before the Fall.
Finally, a distant echo reaches across the plain.  It’s the voice of a long-dead woman singing her heart out.  Sound pumps through the drone’s speakers.  I shift slightly, enough to see the nearest sentry’s dim silhouette.  He stands, peering south toward the road.
Not yet.
Inside Mudcross, a sentry shouts.  Another shouts back.  The music grows closer.  The drone must be visible by now.  I raise my head slightly, high enough to see above the grass–and yes!  Our own personal zombie army is marching on the southern gate of Mudcross.  Their numbers are awe-inspiring.  We have may have outdone ourselves.  Thousands are coming up the road.  The drone is a regular pied piper of the undead.  A shot rings out, presumably at the drone.  It speeds up in response, zooming toward the market-town.  The faster plague-walkers take the lead, speeding after it.
Now.
I already have a bolt loaded.  A cloth bulb full of kindling is tied to the sharp end.  The bulb is soaked in the oil from a lamp in Jarvis’s wagon.  With the sentries’ attention diverted, I use the sparker to light the bolt.  It flares up faster than I’d like.  I’m turned away from Mudcross, shielding the fire from view, but it still feels dangerously bright, a beacon for attention.  Quickly, I turn and loose it toward the town.  It thuds into the soft mud at the foot of the gate.
Shit!
Furiously, I load another bolt.  Somebody had to have seen it.  They’ll be looking for more.  Still, I creep a few feet closer, light the next one under the cover of my blanket and take a crucial half-second to aim and loose.  Before the bolt even lands, I drop back under the blanket and lie still, my jaw clenched, my heart in my throat, praying they haven’t spotted me.  Nobody kills me, so it must’ve worked.
An enormous bang rents the air.  The music cuts out.  I peek through the grass.  It’s an amazing sight.  The gate is on fire–not just from the bolt sticking into its side, but from the burning fragments of the drone, which has crashed directly into it.  I can’t tell if the drone was struck by a sentry or if Starbucks decided to suicide it.  Either way, the wood has been speared by burning debris, and now the undead don’t need their pied piper, because the movement of the sentries, the fire and the sounds inside Mudcross provide all the impetus they require.  They’re swarming the gate, frenzied, clambering over one another like maggots in a barrel.  The fire paints their waxen, bloated faces with a savage orange glow.  Laser rifles cut through the crowd from above, shearing off limbs, burning dead flesh.  The effort is woefully ineffective–they just keep coming.  Some catch fire.  They become animate torches, clawing up the wood toward the sentries, screaming silently in the flames, like fugitives from Hell.
A laser singes the grass less than ten paces from me.  I lower my head, lying utterly still beneath the blanket.  Someone hasn’t forgotten those fiery bolts.  The sentries aren’t the only danger.  The sheer size of the horde is causing it to spread out around the main mass.  Feet shift in the grass only a dozen meters away.  If I stay, they may walk right over me.  I have to get out of here, yet it’s dangerous to move.
A ferocious crack splits the air.  I don’t have to look up to know what it is, but the sound draws my eyes regardless.  The gate and a large section of the barricade around it has collapsed, even in places untouched by the fire.  The accumulated weight of the zombie army has pressed upon it like a massive fist.
Inside Mudcross, all hell breaks loose.  A river of dead flesh floods the breach.  Even so, it’s some minutes before the screaming and shooting peaks.  Most of the town was already indoors for the night; most of its residents are only just becoming aware of the disturbance.  The town is populated largely by sentient robots, but they won’t be armored like Starbucks.  Jarvis said the “R-strain” was carried by perhaps one in ten; even that poor ratio means hundreds of virulent subjects are now in Mudcross, capable of infecting robots.
As the town faces its horror, I inch away.  The slow-walkers are getting too close for comfort.  I turn east, still under the blanket–
–and I’m face to face with a legless corpse worming its way through the grass.  It reaches out with a three-fingered hand.  I’m rolling away, the blanket enfolding me, restricting me.  I kick off the camouflage and tear the axe from my belt.  A hand wraps around my ankle, pulling its owner forward.  The other hand latches onto my knee.  It’s climbing on top of me.  I bring down the axe … too frantically; the blade only shears off an ear and almost thuds into my own knee.  The jaws open, the face turns toward my calf–but my second swing cleaves sideways into its skull, and then I’m chopping furiously.  The thing is mush by the time I stop.  Another one-legged misfit nears, but it’s still looking toward the fire.  I hurry to conceal myself again.  Luckily, the sentries have already disappeared from the walls.
After a moment’s exultation, that zombie has put the fear back in me.  I’m shaky as I make my way back up the grassy rise.  There’s a cacophony of noise from Mudcross.  Everyone with a weapon seems to fire in the same few seconds–yet it dies away quickly.  Only the screams remain, punctuated by scattered gunfire.
If you thought robots don’t scream, think again.  Their instincts are modeled on ours.  They’re hardwired to feel fear; it helps preserve the illusion of ego.  Yet this goes beyond any normal response.  There’s rage and madness in those digital voices.  I can only assume the R-strain is working its magic.
At the top of the rise, I look back.  An inferno consumes the barricade.  It’s spreading to the buildings inside.  This is more than we’d hoped for.  It’s too much, in fact.  The imprisoned slaves, ironically, are probably the safest people in Mudcross, being in a concrete building near the center of town.  Yet even they aren’t safe if the ambient heat gets too high or the smoke too thick.
Or someone deliberately feeds them to the zombies.
It’s a terrible thought.  I want to run in there and free them, but there’s no chance of that.  We have to wait for the infected clear out.
“Tristan.”
It’s Starbucks, coming up from the west.  He still carries the controller, despite the drone having been destroyed.  He crouches on the rise beside me, surveying the town with a mixture of glee and anxiety.  One of his gauntleted hands shakes my shoulder.
“Good work,” he says.  “Now we’ve just got to get them out.”
“You think anyone will be left to stop us?” I ask.
“They’re welcome to try.”
We watch the town burn.
No attempt is made to fight the fire.  With so many roamers free, it can’t be done.  With enough warning and weapons, the town might’ve been saved.  By the time the zombies were inside, the balance between chaos and order was already too lopsided for organized resistance.
There’s a water tower in Mudcross.  The fire itself topples it, bringing a deluge that quashes the flames.  In time, we retreat to the tree where my pack is waiting, and I doze off, exhausted.
Starbucks rouses me toward dawn, and we return to the rise, armed for war.  He kills seven straggling roamers even over this short distance.  They’ve been spreading out from the town during the night.
At the top of the rise: desolation.  Mudcross lies in ruins.  The remnants of the fire have burned themselves out, though embers smolder in the charred remains.  At least a third of the town has been razed to the ground.  The rest is scarcely better off and looks more or less abandoned.  Roamers wander the streets.  A large percentage have drifted off or burned up in the flames.  Likely they’re already repopulating the z-line.  Others were taken out by the residents before the latter were overcome.  There’s still plenty left to deal with, however.
We march toward the town, Starbucks with his sickles and a shotgun, I with my crossbow and a laser rifle.  My senses are on high alert.  My brain puts the litany on auto-repeat:
It was many and many a year ago,
In a kingdom by the sea,
That a maiden there lived whom you may know,
By the name of Annabel Lee;
And this maiden she lived with no other thought
Than to love and be loved by me.
We deal with the undead methodically, stopping and killing them as they come, making sure there are no more in sight before moving on.  We don’t want to get caught in our own trap.  Street by street, we tackle the loaners.
I was a child and she was a child, in this kingdom by the sea, I think while lasering a roamer’s brains through the back of its skull.
But we loved with a love that was more than love, I and my Annabel Lee …
I’m watching for any living sentries or vengeful residents, but none materialize.  Anyone lucky enough to survive is probably busy trying to salvage what they can.  Besides, there’s no way they could know who exactly loosed this plague upon them.  As far as they know, we just came to do business.
We round a corner toward the center of town.  A bronze robot is digging frantically in the center of a ten-foot crater, clawing the ground with heavy hands.  We stop, puzzled–did he dig that whole thing?  Even my mental litany pauses in confusion.  His head darts up.  His face is made from the same malleable material as Starbucks’.  Rage contorts his features.  With a banshee-like scream, he launches himself at us, muddy arms outstretched.  Starbucks drops a sickle and goes for the shotgun, but my laser rifle is already raised.  A red tracer-beam reveals the path of the deadlier invisible one.  The laser swipes an ugly burn-line through the robot’s head.  He collapses.
“The R-strain,” Starbucks says, monitoring the remains.
“What was he doing?” I ask
“Being crazy.  You know what’s weird?  The flesh-walkers must’ve left him alone afterwards.  They knew he was infected.”
We see the concrete prison-bunker toward the end of the street.  I suppress the urge to run.  There are still plague-walkers lingering ahead.  We make our way fast as we dare, taking them out as they come.  Finally our goal is in reach.  The building’s entrance is unguarded, but when I try the iron door, it’s locked.
“Echo!  Echo, can you hear me?” I shout.
“Not so loud,” Starbucks says, glancing around.
There are voices inside.  Questions, comments, disbelief.
“Is that you, boy?” a gruff voice asks.  It’s one of the caravan drivers.
Starbucks is able to reach one of the high, small windows.  He grasps the bars and hoists himself up until he can see inside.  Cheers greet him, but soon he’s hissing questions that don’t bode well for us.  I can’t make out the answers.  When he drops back down, his face is grim.
“He took them,” Starbucks says.
“What?”
“The Demon of the Grasses.  Yesterday.  Echo, Jarvis, Octavia, Milly and Jareth all left with him.  The others don’t know where they went.”
It takes me a moment to absorb the information.  Milly was a shy, skinny young woman with brown hair and acne scars.  Jareth had been her companion, though they’d mostly kept to themselves.  Aboard the caravan, I’d barely spoken to either.
“No.  No, no, she was here.  I saw her in the window,” I protest.
“He must’ve come while we trawled the zombies,” Starbucks says.
We both look around, the same thought plain between us: did we kill them?  Dear God, don’t let it be so.  If the Grass Man removed them from the bunker but kept them in town for the night …
“They weren’t here,” Starbucks says, shaking his head as he looks around, reading my mind.
“How can you be sure?  Crom, we might never even know,” I whisper.
“Tristan, there’s only one reason the Grass Man himself would come back for them.  He found a buyer.  If they were being sold in Mudcross, the auctioneers would’ve put them on the block, or the buyer would’ve come directly.  The Grass Man would’ve already been paid.  He’d have no reason to turn up again.  But he took them from this bunker.  Which means he found a buyer outside the town.  Someone radioed an offer, perhaps, or maybe this was his plan all along and he only jailed them until he was ready to leave.”
I want to believe him, but the fear linger.  What if he kept them somewhere else for the night?  What if he chained them in an inn until he was ready to leave in the morning–a morning that never came?
What if we killed them?
“He’d have no reason to take them from the bunker unless he was ready to leave town,” Starbucks insists.  I’m still staring around in shock when the voices petitioning us from inside the bunker finally penetrate the fog of my mind.  The rest of the caravan is still trapped inside.
We can’t melt the lock because the door will likely fuse into place.  The concrete itself is better suited for the laser.  Starbucks tells everyone to huddle into a far corner.  Then he takes my laser rifle and spends a while burning a small corner of the building away, cutting it at a sharp angle until the rifle overheats, then kicking and heaving the fragments aside until a proper hole has been made.
The prisoners come blinking into the sunlight, joyful and astounded.  They shake our hands and hug us and praise their gods.  Starbucks is warning them to keep their voices down.  There are still zombies in the area.  I look for Echo and Jarvis and Octavia, even knowing they’re gone.  I have to confirm it.  The elation of the caravaners doesn’t touch me.  I lean against the bunker in a desultory mood.  Then it hits me.
Byron.
“Where’s Byron?” I almost shout.
That snuffs some of their joy.
“That bastard,” the burly driver says.  “He gave us up.  Guess you know that though, eh?  We were fixin’ him.  Fixin’ him good.  Would’ve finished if the guards hadn’t taken him out.  We boosted Cyn up to watch out the window.  She said they took him just up the road to another jail, a white building–that it there, Cyn?” he asks, pointing.
“Aye, that’s the one,” says another caravener, a small older woman.
I’m already moving.  The building is down a road we haven’t cleared yet, but my normal sense of caution is absent.  The axe is in my hand.  A roamer is drawn from a side-street.  There’s a fierce satisfaction in splitting its head open.  Starbucks is following, calling my name.  He’s burning down others.  Three more fall to my axe before reaching the building.
It’s a medical facility for slaves.  Healthy bodies must fetch better prices, after all.  The building is largely untouched by the fire.  The door is locked, but a robotic guard lies dead ten feet from the entrance, his body stomped into the mud, his head torn half-off.  On his body is a key.
The lock clicks open.
Cots and tools and machinery.  Otherwise, the room looks empty.  No, wait–there he is, huddled in a far corner, his knees drawn up.
Byron.
I barely recognize him.  His eyes are swollen shut, his arm is in a cast, his front teeth are missing.  I have no sympathy.  That part of me has closed its doors.  He put himself here.  Without his betrayal, we’d all be in Apolis right now.  I don’t feel the hesitation, the conflict I might’ve felt in the past.  It won’t feel like murder.  It’ll feel like–punishment.
“Who’s there?” he calls, feeling the wall beside him, climbing to his feet.
I stand in front of him.  He asks again with fear in his voice.
“Tristan,” I tell him.
His jaw drops open.
“Tris- … Oh, thank God.  Thank God … Where are the others?” he asks.
“I know it was you, Byron.”
He freezes.
“What are you talking about?” he asks.
I clench the axe.
“Goodbye.”
“You’ll never find them without me!” he says desperately.
I hesitate.
“What are you talking about?” I ask.
“Your girl.  He took her, didn’t he?  The Grass Man?  And some of the others.  I’m not sure which ones, but I heard her for sure.”
“Keep talking.”
“They … They would’ve killed me, I think–the others.  But the Grass Man came.  He didn’t come for me.  It was just good timing.  I heard some of the others being taken.  Then the guards saw me.  I blacked out.  Woke up here.  Look, it’s all a misunderstanding, Tristan.  I had nothing to do with it!  What on Earth happened out there?”
“Save it.  Where’s Echo?” I ask.
Some of the caravaners have entered the building behind me.  Starbucks is still outside, dealing with stray roamers.  There’s an uproar when the survivors spot Byron.  They crowd around him.  One kicks him over.  They want to finish the job.  I have to yell for them to wait.  The burly driver seethes with anger, his fists clenched and shaking.
“Where’s Echo?” I repeat.
“Keep them off me,” Byron says.
“Where?”
“The Grass Man has her.  But I can tell you how to find him.  I’m–I’m your only chance, Tristan.  Just get me out of here, leave me some supplies, let me be.  I’ll tell you.  I swear.”
The caravaners all try to talk at once.  I quiet them, fingering the axe.
“Here’s the problem, Byron.  You’re a liar.  I think you’d say anything to live another day.  But this is the end of your road.  Right here, right now.  I’m going to count backwards from five, and if you haven’t said anything useful by then, I’m going to plant this axe in your head.”
He waits until “one.”
“I planted a locator aboard his sled!” he says frantically.
“Nice try.  Your locator was with the EMP device in the caravan.  Besides, the Grass Man left his sled at the z-line.  It’s of no use.”
“No, no, his other sled.  He kept one at each end of that tunnel–ask the others!  I left the EMP in the wagon, yes.  But not the locator.  It was always with me.  I had the transmitter and the Grass Man had the receiver.  I got it from a guy in Boulderfield.  He paid me, told me what to do.  That’s how he found the caravan.  But I kept the transmitter up my sleeve when the Grass Man caged me.  I planted it on his sled when we reached Mudcross.”
I look around at the others.  Their faces confirm a second sled, at least.
“More tricks, Byron?  Why would you bother planting the locator when you were already with the sled?  Trying to find yourself?” I ask.
“I was hoping to escape.  I didn’t want the Grass Man tracking me down again if I managed to get away.  With the transmitter on the sled, I’d always know where he was.”
“But you didn’t have the receiver.  What good is the transmitter without it?” I ask.
“None–unless you know the frequency, and you can find someone who can sell you a new receiver.  I was hoping to steal one from a shop in town.  It was a dim hope, I grant you–but what else could I do?  I do know the frequency.  What about you, Tristan?  Know anyone good with electronics?”
I’d spoken of my hobby in the caravan, of course.  Byron’s hint of a smile is insufferable.  It disappears when the burly driver, having perceived some change in the general mood, attempts to punch it off his face.  I have to shout to restore order again.  There are sounds outside too–we’re attracted more roamers, which Starbucks is still busy dispatching.
“Keep the animals off me, Tristan,” Byron says, standing again.  He’s not smiling now.
“What’s the frequency?” I ask.
“Yeah, let me just hand that over so you can kill me.  I need assurances.  I can’t bloody see.  Keep me alive.  We’ll go north, after the Grass Man.  He’s sure to have gone that way.  When the swelling goes down and I can see, I’ll give you the frequency.  You go on your way, I’ll go mine.  But you must promise now to leave me alive with a bare minimum of supplies.  All I want is a chance.  After all, the Grass Man’s your real enemy.  Not me.”
I pause, trying to think of a way around this.
“Why would you believe me even if I promised all that?” I ask.
“I’m a liar, Tristan.  You’re right.  But you aren’t like me.  You’re a slave to your own honor.  I never understood honor.  Mostly it gets people killed.  But you’ll keep your word.  I know that much.  I did some rotten things, Tristan.  But what’s more important–killing me or finding your friends?”
This is his strength.  He’s sees what someone wants or fears, and he uses it to manipulate them.  He mixes lies with truth and cares for neither.  Worst of all, he’s right.  I will keep my word.  What’s to stop me from betraying him in turn?  Nothing but an outmoded sense of honor, yet that’s all it takes.  Sometimes mental constructs can be stronger than physical ones.  I don’t want to promise anything.  I certainly don’t want him travelling with us.  But I can’t see any way around it.  We could threaten him, hurt him, but he’s too smart to give up the information.  It’s his only bargaining chip.
Could I find the frequency on my own?  It’s probably shortwave.  It has to work over long distances.  If I could find a good frequency scanner, maybe … but that’s unlikely in Mudcross.  And a scanner might not pick it up.  What if it only transmits a blip periodically, say every half an hour?  No, there’s a good chance I’ll find it on my own.  Which means Echo and the others would be lost to us.
“One last magic trick, eh Byron?” I mutter.
He has the wits not to smile.  I return the axe to my belt and drag him outside.

Chapter 17.
The caravaners are none too happy about leaving Byron alive.  The burly driver promises to hunt him down regardless of any promises I’ve made, once Echo and the others are found.  It’s an idle threat though.  The caravaners still have a good chance of recovering their abandoned property on the road south of Apolis, and I doubt anyone will risk coming north again just to track down Byron (who could be anywhere at that point).
Byron ignores them all.  After I tell Starbucks about the situation, the robot takes a long look at him with unblinking black eyes.  He nods once.  Byron can’t see him, but the silence puts more fear in him than all the caravaners’ boisterous threats combined.  I’m doubtful myself that any words will keep him safe from Starbucks when this is over–but hey, that’s between them.
I bind Byron’s wrists tight with a cord from my pack.  We make our way to an abandoned electronics store.  The windows are broken in and there’s no sign of the owner.  With the right parts, a radio receiver can be pretty easy to make.  With the wrong parts, it can be impossible.  What I’m making isn’t just a receiver though.  It’s a direction finder.  It has to identify where the signal is coming from and provide that data to the user.  I use a circular compass-face for the readout, configuring the needle to pull in the direction of the signal.  This is a bit of a trick and I’m pretty proud of it, honestly.  Luckily, the shop has all the right parts.  We linger long enough for me to cop together a working model.  When I’m done, I keep the soldering tube and hand-cranked generator.  Then I stuff my pack full of spare parts.  I’ve already got the parts from Hapsburg and the device from the supply wagon; I’m building up a solid collection.
“Look at these,” Starbucks says, hefting a small gray sphere.
I give him a puzzled look.
“EMP grenades.  Twist this and press–five second delay, kill all the ‘tronics in range,” he explains.  There’s a box full of them.  Starbucks puts a few in his pack.  I grab a number for myself as well.  The caravaners do the same, no doubt thinking of hostile robots on the road back.
Back outside, even more plague-walkers have begun wandering south.  They’ve had their party.  Time to aimlessly wander the z-line again.  Our group needs some things before leaving.  Some of Mudcross’s residents have clearly survived the siege.  They’re barricaded into homes or shops.  One tracks us with a rifle from a rooftop.  We give him a wide berth.  Other buildings have been abandoned, however, and these we sack for goods.  The caravaners take weapons and supplies where they find them.  Then I make the best find of all: a working vehicle.
I’m not sure if it’s meant for farming or travel or what, but it’s got one wheel up front and a pair of tracks in the back.  A solar-cloth canopy absorbs the sun and keeps out the rain.  It can hold four people comfortably.  It’s sitting right in the street, and the reason is clear.  The driver lies dead only steps from the controls.  He was human.  It appears he was dragged off the vehicle and half-eaten by roamers.  Rather than join their fate, he used a gun on himself.  I stand looking down at the grisly scene after Starbucks retrieves the keys.
“So he was human.  Now you feel bad?” the big robots asks, walking past me.
I see his point.  Indirectly, we killed a lot of people in this town.  It was easier not to view it that way when all I saw were robots.  I always thought of Lectric as a living thing, but it’s not as obvious with these others.  I didn’t know them.  They might’ve been nothing but mindless automatons.  Consequently, it’s easier not to feel bad for them.  But the human, well, that could’ve been me.  Not that any of this was undeserved.  These people, human and robot, lived in a place that thrived on abducting travelers and selling them into slavery.  You live on a volcano, sooner or later you’re bound to face lava.
With the half-track and new supplies, our band makes its way out of town.
On the grassy rise, we part.  The caravaners embrace me again.  They thank us and wish us luck.  They curse Byron and spit on him.  He affects a conviviality which proves indefatigable, however.  He thanks them and makes light comments as though they were honoring him with their saliva.  This inspires the burly driver to sock him in the stomach.
“Oh, you’re too kind,” Byron says in a strained voice.  “Give the missus my love.”
The driver boots him into the dirt and makes a disgusted sound.  The caravaners depart south, leaving the three of us on the half-track.
“Time’s a-wasting, friends!” Byron says.
Starbucks sits next to him, very deliberately, his rhythmic robotic breathing close in Byron’s ear, and says, “Don’t talk again.”
Byron opens his mouth … and thinks better of it.  Starbucks just sits there staring at him, breathing in, breathing out.  He reaches back and feels for one of his sickles.  He brings it forward and begins sharpening it on a small grinding sponge.  Byron licks his lips nervously.  I take the driver’s seat.  The controls are easy to learn.  And by the way?  Driving is fun.  Free.  Empowering.  I’ve had enough of this walking nonsense.  We rumble north.
And north.
And further north.
“You better be right about this,” I tell Byron repeatedly.  We’ve crossed broken roads heading in other directions but none that looked traversable.  It’s likely we’re on the right track.  Nevertheless, I worry constantly.  I feel blind, not knowing how close or far the Grass Man is.
At night, we camp in a forest off the road.  I tie Byron to a tree.
“Oh, thanks for helping me with this gravity problem.  I’d just float away if I wasn’t tied down,” he says, smirking.
“Yeah, pretend it’s all a joke.  You’re still the one tied to a tree,” I say.
“Pshh, this is a swim in the pond,” Byron says, shrugging.  “Torturing people just isn’t your thing, Tristan.”
“Maybe not.  Comes naturally to you though, huh?”
“Torture?  I’ve never tortured anyone,” Byron says.
“What do you call locking people in cages and ruining their lives?” I ask.
“I call that the Grass Man’s doing.  And hey, if people are stupid enough to trust random strangers and walk into an ambush–well, maybe they don’t deserve quite so much freedom.  In a way, I’m performing a service.  I’m helping evolution, removing the gullible from the gene pool.”
“Unbelievable.  You’re taking money to betray innocent travelers.  How do you rationalize that for the greater good?  You can’t even admit to yourself that it’s wrong.  Well, it really paid off this time, didn’t it?  Your face looks like somebody used it as a battering ram.”
“Yeah, and who did that?  Speaking of torture, those ‘innocent’ friends of yours would’ve killed me if the guards hadn’t happened in at the right moment.  Your two blonde bimbos were only too happy to help.  What’s that make them?  I should’ve tasted Echo’s sweets when I had the chance.  She knew why we were going into that forest, don’t kid yourself, Tristan.  She may have said no, but she wanted it like a cat with its ass in the air.”
My hands are wrapped up in his collar before I know it.
“Don’t say another goddamn word.”
“Or what?  Hit me, Tristan.  Go on, like your friends.  Even they were weak.  I’ve been through worse.”
Letting out a breath, I relax my hands and stand up.
“Yeah, I’ll bet.  Not the first caravan you’ve sold into slavery, I’d wager.  One of the others catch you too?” I ask.
“No.  I reckon the others would’ve killed me if they’d caught me.  But this is still a swim in the pond.”
“Whatever.  All you’ve got are lies and tricks, smoke and mirrors.”
I start to move away but something in his voice gives me pause.
“Lies?  Lies, Tristan?” he asks, and his sudden laugh is bitter.  “Try being chained up with the pigs for a few days.  My step-father was fond of that tactic.  I got quite used to eating out of a troth.  All the same, he wasn’t angry those days, just bored, you understand?  It’s the other days that were bad.  I won’t tell you about those.  Now, would you do that to a child, Tristan?  Would you make them kneel in glass when they ‘walked too loud’?  Would you piss on them to wake them if they slept too late?  I don’t think so.  You don’t have the stomach for it.  Real cruelty takes willpower, Tristan.  It takes commitment.  That’s why I say you don’t have what it takes, and that’s why this is a swim in the pond.”
There’s something dark behind his eyes, and I want to say he’s lying, but I don’t think he is.  Well, what did I expect?  That he was born evil?  People are programmed, much like automatons, only it’s the world that programs us.  So Byron had a bad childhood; it doesn’t excuse him from anything he does now.  He can still make choices.  He doesn’t get a free pass on betrayals.  Still, I understand him a little bit better as I walk away.
The next day is much the same.  We see a few robots on the road.  Starbucks greets them in passing.  I keep my eyes down.  Starbucks has warned us to pretend we’re his slaves if anything comes up.  Humans and robots travelling together as equals is less common and more offensive in these parts.
On the third day, it’s clear the swelling around Byron’s eyes has gone down enough for him to squint.  He claims his vision is too blurry to be any good, but I’m doubtful.  In any case, I figure it’s time we parted ways.
“You can see well enough.  Now give us the frequency,” I say, bringing out the receiver.
“The supplies?” he prompts.
I toss a canteen and some foodstuffs into the road beside our half-track.
“And your word,” he says.
“I won’t kill you.  Or maim you.  I … give my word.  Unless you break the deal.  If the frequency’s no good, or if it doesn’t lead to the Grass Man, all bets are off,” I say.
“Fair enough.  But what about him?” Byron asks, indicating Starbucks.
Starbucks sighs.  Maybe he was counting on the oversight.
“I will look for Jarvis.  If I do not find Jarvis, I will look for you,” he says.
“Guess that’ll have to do.  I wish you the best of luck then, old chum.  Now … I know Tristan will keep his word, but robots I can’t read so well.  So here’s what I propose.  I’ll take the receiver and go to the top of that hill.  I’ll set the frequency.  When I set it down on the ground, you’re free to come get it.  This way I’ve got a little head-start in case chrome-dome gets trigger-happy.”
Starbucks and I glance at each other.
“That’s not the deal.  Give us the frequency or you have need of your tongue,” Starbucks says, reaching for one of his sickles.
“You see?  I knew he had violence on his mind,” Byron comments.
“We trusted you once.  We won’t make that mistake a second time,” Starbucks says.
“He’s right.  No more tricks.  Give us the frequency,” I say.
“I didn’t think this was the type of ‘echo’ you were looking for,” Byron says.  “Look, we can do this all day.  The fact is I’m rather attached to my life.  I can’t give you the frequency unless I’m sure of my own safety, and from where I’m standing, things aren’t looking all that safe.  Maybe old Starbuckle here gets it in his mind to use that laser rifle.  All I want is a little distance first.  Setting it to the right frequency is in my best interests–I’d much rather have you going after the Grass Man than me, get it?  Reason it out, Tristan.”
What he says makes sense, but that hardly matters.  People like Byron will use your own logic against you.  They’ll shake your hand while signaling someone to shoot you in the back.
“I’ll keep the receiver,” I say.  “You go to that hilltop alone and shout out the frequency.  Then you wait there while I check it.  If you run before then, or if it’s wrong, or if you try something–anything–Starbucks is coming after you.  Deal?”
“Can’t say I’m very fond of that last part, but as I have no reason to lie to you–sure.  Happy travels, gentlemen.”
Byron moves into the forest toward the appointed hill.  Starbucks watches him, fingering a laser rifle.  I hand-crank the receiver to full power and switch on the speaker.  Byron reaches the top of the hill.  For a second he looks like he’s going to run, but then he cups his hands over his mouth and shouts out the numbers one at a time.  I fiddle with the dial.  It’s hard to get it just right.  It’s not like I spent weeks perfecting the device.  Crom, is it not calibrated well enough?  I tested it back in Mudcross but it’s been bumping around in my pack since then.  Finally, there’s a high-pitched blip from the speaker.  It’s getting a signal.  The needle jumps to life, swinging north toward the origin.  Ten seconds later, the blip comes again.  This has to be it.
I look up at Byron.  His treachery cost Kitra and Ambrose their lives.  What’s honor compared to justice?  Why should noble ideas protect the wicked?  He should be punished.  Even so, it would feel wrong to burn him down after agreeing to this deal.  Maybe I’m as trapped by my personal programming as any good automaton.  So be it.
“Got it,” I shout, waving.
Byron turns and runs down the hill.
“Let’s go,” I say.  But Starbucks is still looking that way.
“I’ll be back,” he says, and takes off after Byron.
I wait, watching the signal.
It’s a long while before the robot returns.
“Just wanted to make sure he wasn’t up to anything suspicious,” he says.
“Was he?” I ask.
“Didn’t seem to be.  He saw me while I was following though and panicked, went into a river.  He was swimming, last I saw.  Must’ve thought I was coming to end it.”
“Were you?”
“I was keeping my options open,” he admits.
With the means to track our prey, we push the half-track north as fast as it’ll go–which is not as fast I’d like.  It’s difficult to tell how far the Grass Man is, but the signal gets slowly stronger as we progress.  We sort through our weapons and talk about what we’ll do.  Our hope is to come upon his camp, take out his bots with the EMP grenades and burn him down with the rifles.  We don’t know how well his bots are hardened against pulse weapons, however.  I guess we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it.
We come to it awfully soon.
Only two days after Byron’s departure, the needle on the direction-finder swings west.  A forest grows through the debris of a few fallen houses on either side of us.  I’m expecting the path to fork toward the signal, but there are only trees in that direction.  Then there’s something in the road ahead.  Something metal.  I stop the half-track.
“What is that?” I ask, remembering the mine in the desert.
“Can’t tell,” Starbucks says.
The spyglass reveals more.  My eyes grow wide.
“It’s one of the Grass Man’s bots,” I say, throttling the half-track, throwing it forward.
The thing is clearly dead.  It’s sprawled in the road, covered in mottled green-brown fur, its cheetah-like legs out to one side.  A burn-line has cut it almost in half.  No one else is in sight.  If there was a battle here, it’s already over.  I exchange a worried look with Starbucks.  We grab the weapons and get down from the half-track.
The signal lies due west.  The forest isn’t overly dense but it’s enough to prevent the vehicle from getting through.  We set off on foot.  I’ve got my crossbow strapped on, but it’s a laser rifle I’m holding.  The forest is eerily quiet–or is it only because I’m listening so closely?
“There,” Starbucks whispers, pointing.
At the base of a tree sits a dead man, his head slumped forward over the blackened hole in his chest.  He’s wearing faded green camouflage.  I don’t know what to make of him.  Other signs of a fight emerge.  The trunk of a fallen tree has been sheared off with a beam-weapon.  A second grass-bot lies dead in the dirt, riddled with small holes.  Blackened grass and dirt surround a shallow crater where an explosive ate a chunk of the ground.  Twenty feet from the crater is a single muscled arm with no sign of a body.  It’s pale and purple-white, like a rubber toy.  Absurd that it could’ve belonged to someone.  Bile rises in my throat.  Fear too, as we move forward.
Crom, give me strength in battle.
But Crom doesn’t grant prayers.  He only respects the strong–which, in all honesty, doesn’t bode well for me.  We’re losing light.  The sun is an angry red ball ahead, sinking beneath the hills.  More black scorch marks mar the grass here and there.
Then we reach him.
The Grass Man.
He’s sprawled headless in a leafy dip between two slopes, at the epicenter of the surrounding destruction.  His tall, tufted body has been chewed by bullets and burn-holes.  Someone did our work for us–and thank God for that, because it looks like he put up one hell of a fight.  More of his bots lie dead on the two slopes.  A bevy of trees have fallen along the perimeter, eaten by grenades or energy weapons.  Men are dead here too.  Three that I count, all in the camouflage.  Yet one thing is missing: the sled.  The signal still leads west.
“Tracks,” Starbucks says, pointing.  They’re from the sled.  They lead up the further rise.  We head down the first slope, stopping to examine the Grass Man.  His head is gone.  Taken as a trophy?  His weapons are gone too.
I’m still looking at the body, just starting to step away, when there’s a crunch of boots atop the western slope.  My head whips up–three men are coming over the top, startled, one raising a long-barreled weapon.  A loud crack reverberates through the forest.  There’s movement beside me.  It happens that fast.
Has he shot me?  I’m unsure a moment.  Perhaps I’m already dead and have yet to realize it.  But no, I don’t think I was hit.  I’m frozen by the noise, by the suddenness of it.
“Drop the weapon,” one of the three says.
The laser rifle is still in my hands.  I set it down.
“I think we’d better–” I start to say, turning to Starbucks.  But Starbucks is on the ground.  Starbucks has fallen backwards over the Grass Man.  Starbucks has been shot in the head.
The shock of that moment rips a hole in time.  I know instantly that he’s dead, but the abruptness of the change is too much to grasp.  He was here.  Right here.  Now he’s not.  A single moment, a cutoff point; life on one side, death on the other.  It’s unreal, something to puzzle over, a joke in poor taste.  Can this be?  Did this just happen?
I’m leaning over him.  His malleable expression has gone slack.  There’s a hole above his right eye.  It’s still smoking.  The three men have come down the hill.  They might as well have teleported.  They’re saying things that don’t make sense.  Everything is muted.  I’m only dimly aware of them.  One grips my upper arm.  It’s like the touch trips an alarm in my brain, and then I’m screaming.

Chapter 18.
The next thing I know, I’m looking up from a cot beneath a green tent, and Echo is sitting beside me.  Her eyes are bloodshot, but they widen when I catch them.  She says my name and suddenly her hands are on my face, she’s kissing my cheeks, my eyes, my forehead.  My hands are in her hair.  And it’s only now, as she pauses to hover over me, eyes clamped on mine, that I know how much I’ve missed her.  We were so bent on pursuing the Grass Man that I submerged everything else.  Echo was always on my mind, but forced to the background to keep the emotional noise down.  Now the feelings are free to come to the surface, and I’m embroiled in a tide of powerful longing.
An equally terrible grief rises alongside it.  Starbucks was a step away, struck like lightning from a clear sky.  I can’t suppress the rising sadness.  I’m weeping, and she sits there gazing at me, her hand running lightly down my face, and I can’t stop or look away.  I’m hypnotized.  I’m glad too, because she’s here, willing to accept the pain and pleasure, to share it.
“I knew you’d come for me,” she says after a time.
“Starbucks–”
“I know, Tristan.  I know.”
“Why’d they shoot him?  Who are these people?” I ask
“Soldiers from Last Bastion.  They’re at war with Cyberia.  They shoot robots on sight.”
“But Starbucks wasn’t–”
“They don’t care, Tristan.  He wasn’t human.  That’s all that matters to them.”
I look around the tent.  There are a few other cots, all empty.  No one else is inside.  The back of my head hurts.  Oh yeah–someone hit me.  I wouldn’t stop screaming, so they knocked me out.
“Where are the others?  Where’s Jarvis and Octavia?” I ask.
Echo’s expression hardens.
“The Grass Man sold them, Tristan.  Milly and Jareth too.  I was the only one left.”
I close my eyes.  Disaster.  This is a disaster.  But at least Echo is here.
“Who were they sold to?” I ask.
“I don’t know.  An armored car came over a broken road out of the west.  The Grass Man was expecting them.  I only saw one robot get out.  I don’t know if anyone else was inside.  I don’t know where they were going …”
Her voice is shaky, on the verge of breaking.
“Octavia cried all the time for her brother.  When the Grass Man came, when he realized Ambrose wasn’t–useful–he left him behind.  But Ambrose ran after us.  The Grass Man just burned him down, Tristan.  It was terrible … And Jarvis–Jarvis was the bravest.  He tried to keep our spirits up.  He was sure Starbucks would come after us.  Mudcross was bad, but at least we were all still together.  When the others were taken, I thought I would die.  I never felt so alone.  The Grass Man never talked to us, never told us anything, but I overheard him when he sold the others.  He was saving me for someone further north, some kind of collector.  I was so scared, Tristan.”
We let that sit for a time, reflecting.  I curse at Last Bastion.
“Why’d they have to shoot Starbucks?  He was on our side.  He wasn’t doing anything wrong.”
“I know, I know.  It’s the way they think, Tristan.  Listen, I need to tell you something else.  They’ve got–”
“Awake?” a man interrupts, coming through the tent-flap.  “Good.  You’re to come with me.”
“Where?” I ask.
“The Commander wants to see you.”
“I’m coming too,” Echo says.
“He didn’t ask for you.  You wait here,” the soldier insists.
“Did I trade one slaver for another?  I’m not a captive here, am I?  If the Commander doesn’t want me with Tristan, fine, I’ll wait outside his tent.  Not here,” Echo says.
There’s a ferocity to her I’ve rarely seen.  The soldier looks her up and down a moment, then grunts and motions for us to follow.
It’s dark outside.  I must’ve been out only an hour or so.  We’re at an encampment in the forest.  Men are assembled in small groups around three fires, talking, lounging, eating.  There are about twenty in sight, probably others in the tents and still others keeping watch.  Throwing back a devilish orange reflection on a spike near the fire is the Grass Man’s missing head.  The skull-mask is still affixed, though a chunk is missing.  The black eyes leer at us from the grave.  Maybe it’s a petty gesture, but I spit as we pass.
The Commander’s tent looks much like the others, only there are two men standing guard outside.  Echo is made to stop at the flap while I follow the soldier inside.  The Commander is sitting at a table.  My immediate impression: an impressive white beard, blue eyes, strength, an aura of authority.  He gives me an appraising look as I’m led to a chair opposite him.
“Commander Boris Bellring, Special Operations, Fourth Battalion, of the Last Bastion of Mankind.  And you are?” he asks.  His voice is deep and slow.
“Tristan,” I say.
“Tristan.  Very well.  What were you doing in the company of a machine, Tristan?”
“You mean the robot your men murdered?” I ask, feeling a flush of anger.
“You can’t murder what was never alive, boy.”
“He wasn’t a threat to you.  You had no reason to kill him,” I say.
“It had a laser rifle.  And we have every reason to put down every walking machine between here and Laska.  Now answer the question.”
“We were after the Grass Man,” I say.
“The what?”
“The robot you killed–I mean, the other robot, the one whose head is on a spike out there.  He abducted our friends.  We were trying to get them back.”
“Is that so,” he says.  For some reason, he sounds doubtful.
“Yes,” I say emphatically.  He looks at the soldier behind me, then back at me.
“Start from the beginning,” he says.
So I do.  I tell him how we boarded the caravan, but then I have to go backwards to how we met Starbucks and Jarvis in the ruins.  I talk of Byron’s betrayal and the zombies at Mudcross.  He shares more looks with the soldier.  Doubt brews among them.  When I’m done, he sighs and says, “Bring the other one in.”  I assume he means Echo.
I’m wrong.
“You!” Byron yells when he sees me, his eyes going wide, and he lunges.  The soldier has to wrestle him back.  He’s yelling things about betrayal and trickery.  I’m so startled by both his presence and the righteous anger he’s busily affecting that I can’t properly react.  I’m just staring at him slack-jawed.
“We have a dilemma,” the Commander says, his voice grave.
Byron was picked up by Last Bastion scouts on a small boat somewhere north of where we left him.  He must’ve told the scouts something about the caravan being ambushed and the Grass Man going north.  Maybe he wasn’t expecting the men to radio back to a larger encampment and bring him along.  Byron had to know that if the soldiers freed anyone from the old caravan, he’d be identified as the betrayer.  By now he’s pumped them full of his version of the story, which, I’m both astonished and outraged to discover, holds that I betrayed the caravan.
When I grasp what he’s saying, I rise from my chair, hurling curses at him, and he falls back convincingly as though frightened.  All his reactions are calculated to put me in a bad light.  But nobody could possibly believe him–could they?  The soldier behind me pushes me back down.
“Just ask Echo!” I shout, looking at Bellring.
“Oh, right, ask her!  You turned them all against me, you and your tricks and your empty words, you son-of-a-bitch,” Byron yells.  “You made them think I was you, even as I was caged and dragged away–and where were you and your robot friend during the ambush?  Out in the woods, waiting for them to take us!  Go ahead, deny it.”
I’m aghast.  The temerity of his lies is simply beyond me.  Rage chokes me.  I’m lunging for him before I know it, wrapping my hands around his neck, and the soldier has to put an immobilizing headlock on me from behind.
“Enough of this,” the Commander declares.  There’s no denying the authority in his voice.  He’s on his feet, glaring at us.
“I take it you deny the charges?” he asks, looking at me.
“Me?  It was him, don’t you see?”
“I’ll take that as a yes.  But you were in the presence of a machine when we found you, which in Last Bastion territory is a crime in itself, and that puts you in a very questionable light.”
“Starbucks was on our side,” I sputter.
“There are no machines on ‘our’ side, boy.  And these robots are as dead as any of the plague-walkers, only smarter.  In the south you may have things confused, but here we know who the real enemy is.  In any case, one of you is a very convincing liar, and I have neither the time nor the inclination to deal with convincing liars.  While I waste breath on you, there’s a war going on, and I have a mission to attend to.  So.  I’m going to let the courts deal with you.  If you’re lucky, they’ll only hang one of you.”
He nods to the soldier and waves us toward the flap.
“What courts?  What’s happening?” I ask.
“The courts of Last Bastion.  Do you know of any others?  I’m already losing two men to escort your female friend.  Now they can escort you too.”
What does he mean by that–he’s sending Echo to Last Bastion?  I’ve heard the city-state mentioned a time or two in Farmington, but I know nothing of it.  I want to protest, but I don’t know what to say, and two more soldiers are already bringing us outside.  In keeping with his role, Byron spits at me.  It sends me into another rage, and they have to drag us to separate quarters.
Later I’m in a tent with Echo, under guard.  They weren’t going to let her in, but she threw a fit with such ferocious determination that the guard grew tired of her, backhanded her once and shoved her inside, whereupon Echo took a deep breath, fixed a strand of hair and sat calmly beside me as though she’d just won an argument.
My rage has dipped toward depression.  I can’t believe we’re here–Starbucks dead, Jarvis and Octavia missing.  First the robots want to capture us, then the humans.  The goddamn zombies have been our best allies yet.
Echo’s presence is soothing, however.  We’re in this together now.  It’s us against the world again, as it was in the desert.  She still has her necklace, and she fingers the heart-shaped jewel absently in the tent.
“Why did you keep that?” I ask.
“My necklace?  I kept all the things you gave me.  They were like treasures from another world.  This is all I have left.”
I nod and leave it at that.  Then I remember something.
“Did you know they were planning to send you to Last Bastion?”
Echo glances at me and probes her cheek with her tongue.
“Commander Bellring implied able-bodied young women are in high demand in Last Bastion … They need babies,” she adds when I continue to stare at her.  “They’ve lost a lot of people in the fighting with Cyberia, he says, and a sickness left many of their women infertile.  If they don’t find more soon, in a generation or two they’re not going to have enough people to hold down the city.”
I let that sit a moment.  I’m almost afraid to ask what she thinks of that possibility.  I’m sure she wouldn’t want to be forced into anything–but strong walls, steady food, a sense of community?  It could be better than starving in the wild, evading hostile robots and roamers.
“Cyberia.  That’s the same place the Doctor warned us about,” I muse.  “He said it was run by one of his brothers.  One of the Seven.  So Last Bastion is at war with them?  Still, Starbucks was on our side.  Killing all robots indiscriminately can’t be the answer.  Foundry, Cove, Last Bastion–I have yet to hear of a single city-state I’d actually want to live in.”
“Haven will be different,” Echo says, though she casts her eyes downward, and I can hear the hope stretched thin in her voice.
“Yeah.  Different,” I say, lying on the lone cot they’ve left in the tent.  Echo squeezes in next to me, and things feel a little closer to right, even here.  We create our own kind of psychological bubble, shielding us from the outside world.  Her breath tickles my neck, her frame moves against me.
“I missed you,” I admit.
“Tristan, I … I don’t want to be apart again.  Just stay with me, wherever we go,” she says, and despite all that’s happened, it’s gratitude that fills me most as I drift off to sleep.
A soldier’s boot to the cot wakes us in the morning.  My arm is numb, my brain slow, and it takes me a few seconds to get my bearings.  When I do, there’s an awareness of all we’ll have to face today, and it brings a profound disappointment–this life again?  Echo moans concordantly.
We’re on the road before we know it.  Two men are sent to guide and guard us–Sampson and Barabas.  They’re both wearing camouflage.  Each carries a rifle and has a plasbrid pistol holstered on their hip.  There’s no pretending Echo is free now.  The three of us are tied in a line by our wrists: myself, Echo, and Byron.  Barabas leads us while Sampson brings up the rear.  Our packs, along with rations for the trip, are on a small cart pulled by Barabas.  Volume Seven is still in there.  It’s been so long since Toyota gave it to me.  How thrilled I was in that moment.  We’re supposed to get the packs back after we’re judged in Last Bastion–unless we’re hanged, of course.
As we head north into the wilderness, I can’t help but think of Starbucks lying dead in the forest.  Are they just going to leave him there until the earth covers him?  Probably.  He deserves better.  Someone should pay for his death, but who?  The soldier who shot him?  What about all the others who would’ve done the same?  It was the Last Bastion mentality that killed him more than anything.
What will I tell Jarvis?
Who am I kidding?  We’ll never see Jarvis or Octavia or any of the others again.  The tides of fate have swept them away, drowning Starbucks in the process.
Once again, our path leads north.  We stick to the wilderness, keeping off the roads, as these parts are travelled mostly by sentient robots.  At one point we cross a stone bridge leading northwest over a bend in the river.  A road runs west from the bridge, and a stone tower sticks into the air from a small town in the distance.  Echo asks what it is.
“Pillar,” Barabas says.
I glance back into wide blue eyes.  She mouths the name to me.  For a moment I can’t think of where I’ve heard it.  Then it comes to me.  The Doctor, speaking of Haven: an enclave north of the z-line, west of Pillar.  My heart pounds a little faster.  We head north again, however, leaving Pillar far behind us.  Echo looks wistfully west, as if to catch a glimpse of the sanctuary from her dreams.
Sampson, we discover, is big and strong but simple-minded.  Barabas is more on edge and orders the simpler man around.  I almost forget Sampson’s name at one point because all we ever hear him called is “Dumbshit.”
Last Bastion is a week away, which gives us a little time to maneuver.  At night, we’re bound securely to a tree.  I have no idea how we might escape, but I do know all three of us have no intention of reaching the city-state.
On the second day, Echo starts manipulating the situation.  Her tactic is unsurprising really, because it’s the same brutally simple genetic appeal she’s been forced to survive on since being orphaned at Farmington–though I’ve never seen her use it this deliberately.  It starts when we reach a small stream.  We’re untied temporarily to fill canteens and wash up.  Echo takes off her boots and rolls up her sleeves and relishes in the water.  She splashes it on her face, washes her arms and hair.  She throws back her head and runs a hand down her face and neck, pulling at her collar as the water drips down her skin.  Wet streaks appear on her shirt.  The fabric clings to her skin.  It’s impossible not to realize that she’s the only female in the group.  She comments in an offhand way how she’d just die to stay there and bathe in the stream all day.  All four of us are staring at her, probably picturing the same thing.
The next part I don’t actually see.  She has to use the bathroom, and Sampson unties her and escorts her into the forest while we wait.  When they come back, she’s leaning heavily on the big man’s shoulder, limping.  What I notice most is the careful way in which he supports her.
“I stepped on a rock,” she says, wincing.
“Why were your boots off?” Barabas asks, scowling.
“In Farmington, I never wore shoes.  You can drag me to Last Bastion.  You can’t tell me how to live,” she says, then turns sweetly to Sampson and thanks him in a private voice for all his help, holding out her wrists docilely to be tied back into line.  I’ve never seen her act this feminine, and it’s intimidating in a way.  She’s better at charming people than I realized.
From that point on, whenever she needs help, it’s Sampson this and Sampson that.  She calls him “sweetheart” when he gives her a better portion of meat and flashes a secret smile when Barabas isn’t looking.  It’s all very casual.  She’s careful not to overdo it.
On the third day, I play into it some.  When Sampson fumbles with the rope to untie Echo for another bathroom trip, I mumble something involving the word “brainless.”
“At least he has the wits to be on the winning side.  I don’t see him tied up,” Echo says, glaring at me.  Byron chuckles.  Despite our mutual hatred, he can’t want to face a trial at Last Bastion any more than I do.  His eyes flit to the plasbrid pistol on Sampson’s hip.  He’d probably love to use that gun on all four of us.  Echo is actually in range to make a grab for it.  Barabas is watching closely though, and we’ll only get once chance.  We have to choose the moment carefully–before Byron does.
Sampson escorts Echo a short distance into the woods again, and after they return this time, Sampson throws a lot of uneasy looks at his fellow soldier.  I wonder exactly what seeds she’s planting out there.
The rest of the day, Echo and I are subtly at odds.  She gives me dirty looks and disagrees with anything I say.  It actually starts to make me angry, even though I know there’s a purpose to it.  It gives her more opportunity to defend Sampson, for one thing, and any deception is probably worth cultivating, even without an exact plan.  Meanwhile, Barabas grows suspicious and starts snapping at Echo to shut up whenever she speaks.
“Don’t be such a bully,” she mumbles.
He overhears and his eyes widen in outrage.
“Do you think I don’t know what you’re doing?  Keep your mouth shut, bitch.  You forget where you are,” Barabas says.
“Where I am?  I’m not on trial.  Commander Bellring said I’d be free when we reach Last Bastion.  He said Last Bastion needs women like me.  I’m only tied up because he was afraid I might get some silly idea and try to help one of these two escape, or run off into the woods, isn’t that right?” she asks.
Barabas moves in close to her, seething.
“Maybe so, but we’re not in Last Bastion yet, and if you ever want to get there in one piece, I suggest you shut your mouth.  You think this is a game?  You know how many men died to free you?” he asks, flushing in anger.
Echo is silent a moment, then she says:
“How many?”
“Six,” Barabas says.
This has a sobering effect on all of us.  We walk in silence for a time.
“I’m sorry,” Echo says quietly, then asks Sampson, “Did you fight against the Grass Man too?”
Sampson nods.
“You must be very brave,” Echo says.
He can’t help but stand a little straighter.  Barabas has a deep scowl as he looks back.  A brittle tension stays with the group.
Late in the day we stop for a meal, and Echo argues with me about what we’ll do when we get to Last Bastion.  She hints that she’ll need a real man to protect her, because she can’t rely on me to get through the trial.  False or not, her words sting me more than I’d like to admit.  Sampson says nothing, but he sits up and his eyes rove slowly toward her.
“I thought I was quite clear about the talking,” Barabas says slowly, glaring at her.  There’s a knife in his hand.  He was using it to cut the meat, but his words give it a sinister aspect.  An oppressive silence falls.  Barabas goes to re-secure the rations in the cart.  When he’s just out of earshot, Echo whispers:
“Why’s he always ordering everyone around?”
“Barabas?  He’s just cranky,” Sampson says.
“Well, I don’t like the way he bullies you.”
“Bully?  He doesn’t bully me.”
“Oh.”
“We’re the same rank,” Sampson says, frowning.
“He sure doesn’t act like it.  Personally, I think he’s jealous.”
“Jealous?  Of what?”
“You.  You’re much stronger than him,” Echo says.
Sampson looks dumbfounded.  He doesn’t know what to say.  He buries himself in his food, embarrassed.
“To tell you the truth, he scares me,” Echo goes on.
“Barabas nothin’ to be scared of,” Sampson says.
“Maybe not for you.  But me?  He doesn’t like me.  I can tell.  You … you wouldn’t let him hurt me, would you?”
Sampson’s headshake is fervent.  Echo gives him a grateful smile just as Barabas returns.  He glares at her, angry and suspicious.
Toward dusk, it happens.
We’ve set up camp in a grassy enclave a safe distance from any roads.  It’s been a long day and tempers are short.  Echo calls for a final bathroom break before we’re to be bound for the night.  Sampson moves immediately to untie her but Barabas intercepts him.
“I’ll take her,” Barabas says, reaching for Echo’s wrists.
Echo shies away in fear, and this time her reaction is genuine–Barabas really is angry at her, and alone in the woods, there’s no telling what he might do.  Her eyes go to Sampson.  She says nothing, yet the mute appeal is plain on her face: you wouldn’t let him hurt me, would you?
“No–no need, Barabas.  I’ll go,” Sampson says.  His first “no” is a bit too emphatic, however.  It brings forth the deeper tension.  He too reaches for the rope.  Barabas looks at him in disbelief.
“Let go, Dumbshit.”
“I think I should take her,” Sampson says.
“You do, do you?  Tell me, why’s that?”
“Just … Just think I should, is all.”
“You really are a dumb shit, you know that?  Can’t you even see she’s manipulating you, you blind oaf?  Stay here and watch the others.  I’ll take her.  And when we come back, I don’t want you talking to her.  Not a single word.”
“Not a single–you know, I like talking to her.  I like it, Barabas.  And–and we’re the same rank, you know that?  You can’t just–”
“Listen, you stupid f–”
Their voices rise with their tempers.  They talk over one another.  They’re both in front of Echo now, easily within her reach, their rifles slung over their shoulders, their pistols at their sides.  Echo is in the middle of the rope-line, with I and Byron tied five or six feet to either side … which means I’m only a few steps from Barabas.  Sampson is just beyond him.  With our wrists bound, it’s going to be hard to un-holster a gun fast enough to get it away from them, but one of us has to try; this is our best chance.
But now that the moment’s here, I’m terrified.  I’m not ready for it.  Once again, I picture things going wrong in my head.  Nevertheless, I’m inching closer.  Barabas is facing away from me, and just as I steel myself to lunge forward and make a grab for his sidearm–
–he turns, sensing danger.  I freeze, gaping at him.  My intentions are plain as day.
“What do you think you’re–” he starts, his hand straying toward the pistol.
He never finishes.
Byron, unnoticed, has found a rock just big enough to matter.  The first I notice it is when Sampson grunts and falls forward into Barabas’s back.  Wielding the implement in his bound hands, Byron has struck the big man in the back of the head.
As his companion collapses against him, Barabas stumbles and spins around, drawing his pistol.  Time slows down.  The gun is coming up, Byron is ducking behind Echo, and all I can picture is the plasmic mass going through her.  I’m moving, charging forward.  He’s still drawing when my shoulder hits him from behind, bowling him over.  The gun flies from his hand.  I go down with him, on top of him, on top of Sampson too.
Sampson is senseless, but Barabas is angry.  He’s rolling out, shoving me off.  It’s hard to attack with your wrists bound.  Where’s the gun?  No matter, there’s another–Sampson’s pistol, still in its holster.  I’m reaching for it–
There’s a formidable thud.  Another, like wood splitting.  It’s a sound I’ll never forget, because it’s Barabas’s skull cracking.  Byron is smashing him with the rock.  My hands are on the gun, trying to pull it free, but then Byron is towering over me, the rock in his hands, triumph in his eyes.  I’m too late–I’ll be his third victim.  Four high-tech weapons on hand, and he’s killing us all with the simplest and oldest of instruments.
Echo screams.
She yanks the rope with both hands.  We’re still tied together.  Byron is already swinging forward, but the rope pulls his wrists off-course.  The blow comes down to one side of me.  Now the gun is coming free from Sampson’s holster, and I swing it around, and I’ve got Byron in my sights.
He’s sees it.  He knows he’s covered.  Rage and terror flicker through his eyes.  Then the mask comes down, the smile, the twinkling eyes.  His false face.  He drops the rock and straightens.
“Good job.  We’re free.  Let’s get the hell out of here!” he says.  “Find a knife to cut this rope–does he have one on him?”
He’s looking over Barabas.  The side of the soldier’s head is a grisly mess, partially caved in.  Byron isn’t bothered by it at all.  I haven’t moved an inch.  Echo stands apart, staring at Byron with shock and loathing.
“What?  We’re free, aren’t we?  What are you waiting for?” Byron asks, looking between us, exactly as though he hadn’t just tried to brain me.
“Yeah, Tristan.  What are you waiting for?” Echo asks, but her eyes never leave him, and her voice is grim.  I’m still aiming the pistol, which lends her question a different meaning.  Byron puts his hands up, palms forward–or as forward as his bound wrists will allow.
“Woah.  I just freed us, okay?  You guys owe me.  Don’t try and–” he begins
“Owe you?  You would’ve killed us!” Echo shouts.
“–pull this bullshit now.  I saved your asses, that’s–”
“You tried to hit Tristan with a rock!  We wouldn’t even be out–”
“–what I did.  You ought to be thanking me.  Now find–”
“–here if it weren’t for you.  You’re poison.  That’s what you are, poison.”
“–a knife so we can the hell out of here,” Byron finishes.
There’s a brief pause as they stare at each other, chests heaving.  Echo’s expression is pure fury.  Byron affects mild outrage, as though he’s been wronged.
“You can’t talk your way out of this one, Byron,” I tell him.
Keeping the gun on him, I maneuver to stand.  The pistol’s rubbery grip is warm in my hands.  Maybe I should’ve shot him right away, before there was time to consider things.  Why didn’t I?  I don’t know.  I like to think things through, I guess.  To be sure.  It’s something you can’t take back.  True, I’ve wanted him dead since the morning of the ambush.  Still, I hesitate.
Byron licks his lips.
“So this is how you treat your friends, huh?  This is what you do to the people who help you most,” he says.
That sends Echo into another tirade.  She takes a step toward him, her hands like claws, trembling with rage.  She screams mutated vulgarities.  Names are mixed in: Ambrose, Kitra, Jarvis.
“Don’t forget Starbucks,” I say.
“I didn’t hurt any of those people.  You’re delusional,” Byron says.  “It was all the Grass Man–and he’s dead now.  You already got your revenge.  So–okay, I took some money, is that what you want to hear?  I took some money to carry something in my pack, God help me!  I didn’t know it was going to lead to all this.  I was desperate.  I needed the coin.  You can’t blame me for that, man.  Bad people were after me.  If I didn’t do something, I would’ve been dead before I ever got on that caravan.”
“I wish you had been,” Echo says.
Byron looks stricken.
“How can you say that?  Didn’t we have good times?  Echo, I–the things I told you, those were true.  I bared my heart to you.  Why do you wanna rip it out now?  Remember what we had.  I never meant to hurt you.  I would never do that.  I didn’t know this was going to happen.”
It’s amazing–he sounds so sincere.  I think he even believes some of it himself.  He goes on and on.  I get the feeling he’ll talk forever.  It’s his best survival skill, and he’s honed it with practice.  He contradicts himself in the same sentence and thinks of nothing it.  He tries everything to get a reaction, to gain some semblance of sympathy or pity.  It’s like he’s rolling down a hill, trying to pull us along, and whenever he hits a bump, he just keeps on rolling.
“Enough,” I say.
I know what I need to do.  It will be justice, not vengeance.  More than that, it will be a preventative measure.  If we let him live, he’ll either get someone to come after us or go back to ambushing caravans or both.  The world will be better off without him.  And it’s not that I can’t pull the trigger.  I’m just … waiting.  For an alternative, perhaps, or a mental trigger, some sign that the time has come for the final drastic act.
“Well, do it then.  Do it!  What are you waiting for?” Byron says angrily, then switches moods without a moment’s pause.  “You can’t do this.  Not you, Tristan.  Where’s your honor?  I thought you were a good person.  I thought we understood each other.  You know I was just trying to survive, man!  You going to kill me for that?  Why?  I set you free, and now want to murder me?  What kind of trick is this?  Can you live with being a murderer, Tristan?  Can you?”
All the while, he’s gauging my reactions, but he sees not the slightest change.  He changes tactics again.
“Okay, listen.  I’ll leave, okay?  You’ll never see me again.  I swear by it.  The truth now, the real truth.  Just cut this rope and I’m gone for good, and may the old American gods strike me dead if I’m lying.  I’ll go east across New Sea.  I’ll never touch another caravan.  I swear on my life.  What … What do you want, man?  You want me to beg?  I’m begging.  Okay, look–I’m on my knees.  Is this what you want?  Echo, talk to him, make him see reason.  I don’t want to die, Tristan.  You’ll regret this if you do it.  You’ll think about it ‘til the end of your days.  Let me go.  It’s the right thing to do.  Deep down, it’s what you want to do.  I know it is …”
He looks at us both in turn.  We’re emotionally stonewalling him.  There’s a heavy silence.  His eyes rove.  He looks at the remnants of the sinking sun.  A sheen of tears is reflected in the dying light.  Byron shakes his head slightly.
“I didn’t want it to be this way.  I didn’t,” he says quietly, and for once I believe him.  He’s doesn’t mean the caravaners and such–he couldn’t care less about them.  He means his life as a whole.  It’s his last resort: sincerity.  He’s touching something real, a feeling beneath it all, a memory perhaps, a lost hope.  Now I wish I had shot him that first instant.
I’m silent still.  His breath goes out in a sudden huff.  He deflates like a balloon.  His head drops.  When he raises it, he’s lost all hope.  He knows I can’t be swayed.  And with the hope, everything else has fallen away; the masks and tricks, the goals and worries, the burdens of the living.  Here, for the first time, is the real Byron: the bleak and tortured soul struggling for all its years to outmaneuver a hostile and uncaring world, a place full of thorns and nettles, where tricks and bold talk were the only tools capable of clearing a path.  Now the world has beaten him.  The path has closed.
“Do it then,” he whispers.
I don’t hate him now.  But it doesn’t change anything.
“Better luck next life,” I say.
The roar of the pistol echoes through the hills.

Chapter 19.
Barabas does have a knife, as it happens.  I find it on his corpse and trade it for the pistol.  I can’t get an angle at my own bonds, so I cut Echo’s first.  I’m not really involved in the actions of my body, however.  I’m shell-shocked.  It’s not easy to watch someone die, especially when you’re killing them.  The adrenaline is coming down now, the heart settling, and the usual shakiness sets in.  But there’s a stillness beneath, an unshakeable bedrock.  It’s not like before.  We’ve crossed a line.  We can’t go back.
Echo’s watching me.  When her bonds are cut, she takes the knife and returns the favor.  Then her arms are around me.  It wakes me up a little, but I’m still kind of distant.  I can’t engage.
“You did what you had to do,” she says, squeezing.  She repeats it several times.
We collect the weapons and put them on the cart with our supplies and rations.  In the process, we check Sampson over and see that he’s still alive.  He moans when Echo moves him.  His skull is intact and he’s not bleeding too badly, though a lump is developing.  We’re guessing he’ll recover soon.  Then we have to decide what to do with him.
“He’ll tell them about us at Last Bastion.  He’ll give them our names and description.  They’ll send someone after us …” Echo says.
If we let him go.  She leaves that part unsaid.  Standing over him, we both know what Byron would’ve done.  It’s both logical and ruthless.  It’s what we should do too for our own safety.  There’s a fair chance no one will find us, but there’s a much better chance no one will even look … if Sampson never makes it to Last Bastion.  Eventually someone from his battalion is bound to return home and ask around for the two missing soldiers, but all they’ll be able to determine is that the five of us disappeared en route.
Sampson isn’t Byron, however.  He’s just a simple-minded man, a soldier on escort duty.  He even fought against the Grass Man.  Finishing him off may be better for our survival, but survival isn’t everything.  You also have to live with yourself.
“I’m tired of killing people,” I tell Echo.  She gives a small nod.
We talk about tying him up, but out here that would be just as good as shooting him.  Instead we leave him some rations and supplies, along with his knife, and we disappear into the west.
West is the simple choice.  South would bring us to Commander Bellring’s battalion.  To the north lies Last Bastion.  East–well, we don’t know what’s east, but there’s definitely something to the southwest …
Haven.
The Doctor said it was west of Pillar, which we passed coming north.  First we just want to put some distance between us and the scene of our escape, but there’s no denying Haven lingers in the background of our intentions.  I’ve adopted Echo’s goal for myself.  Now that we’re so close, there’s no reason not to check it out.
The sun was already setting when Byron picked up that rock.  It’s got to be midnight before we stop, exhausted.  We’ve been running on fumes, tripping over rocks and fallen branches in the dark.  I’m pulling the cart too.  We’ve abandoned all unnecessary items–save Volume Seven and small valuables–but the weapons and other supplies are still with us, and my shoulders ache from the harness.  We sleep almost as soon as we halt.
It’s not until a meal at noon the next day that we talk about where we’re headed.
“We can’t abandon Jarvis and the others,” Echo says.
I agree with her, but we have no idea how to find them.  We decide it would be best to go to Apolis and enlist Jarvis’s family.  According to Jarvis, they’re well-connected.  They might be able to raise a force to liberate the missing caravaners.  Of course, that means going south, and going south means we’ll pass close to Haven.
I’m the first to suggest stopping there.  It’s on Echo’s mind–I know it is–but it would be too self-serving for her to suggest.  It would feel like a betrayal, seeking out what she desperately wants when it might mean abandoning our friends to a life of slavery or worse.  I sense that she grew closer to them during her time as a captive, even Octavia–or especially Octavia.  She feels a strong loyalty to them, a need to see them free, whatever the cost.
After I talk about Haven some, her face lights up.  She’s found a thought to reconcile desire and necessity.
“Maybe Haven could help.  The people there might know something about who took them–you know, groups that operate in the area.  Yes, let’s stop and ask.  But if we don’t get anywhere, we’ll go to Apolis.  We can’t just leave them, Tristan.  We can’t,” she says, wide-eyed.
“We won’t,” I assure her.
And so we make for the one place I never thought we’d actually reach.
We turn south first.  When we hit the road that runs past Pillar, we stop and backtrack a short distance into the forest.  Given that the area is reportedly dominated by robots with an anti-organic agenda, it seems prudent to stay off the main routes.
Byron and Starbucks and Mudcross are on my mind as we walk.  I don’t regret shooting Byron.  It had to be done–just as it did with Fin and Ballard.  Still, the images stay with me.  The stillness afterwards is what strikes me most.  The difference between animate matter and dead cells is the difference between zero and infinity.  What happens to that unseen motivator?  Does it spill into the ether or vanish entirely, as if it had never been?
Despite these thoughts, my mood can’t exactly be called “bad” as we progress.  Heavy, at times.  Complicated.  But steadily improving.  We’re free, after all, and it’s I and Echo against the world again.
Annabel Lee, who lives by the sea…
My mental litany begins again–the poem, over and over, playing on a loop.  Echo’s still worried about Jarvis and the others, but competing with that weight is the uplifting promise of her long-awaited goal.  She feels guilty for any excitement.  She has to repeat her justifications aloud, reassuring herself that we’re only stopping at Haven with the aim of finding our captured friends.
At times, in the forest, I try to forget it all, to pretend we’re not heading anywhere in particular, that we’ve come from nowhere.  I listen to the birds and watch the trees, and when I can focus well enough, it’s a beautiful feeling.  I could live like this, wandering with Echo.  A simple life–who needs more?
At night, she lies next to me again.  Gratitude fills me.  It wasn’t fair that Starbucks died.  It’s not fair that Jarvis and Octavia have been enslaved.  But I’m here, with Echo, free in the forest, and that’s no small thing.  Big Troubles make the rest so much easier to appreciate.  Sometimes you can’t stop the fears, the worries, the memories from interfering.  But when you manage to let it all go and just enjoy that moment, life becomes worth living again.
It’s in one of these moments that I’m lying next to Echo, spooning her in the chill night air, when I find myself wide awake, entranced by the curve of her delicate neck.  Scattered moonlight is filtering down through the trees, washing her in a pale white light.  The depth of my attachment is suddenly impossible to ignore.  I don’t like to acknowledge these feelings–I don’t want to need someone–but the feelings impose themselves with no regard for my intellect.  I can’t shut them out.  I do need her.  I–
I love her.
The unintended admission catches me by surprise.  Is it true?  I push it away.  I don’t want this.  Love is a terrible word.  When you love people, they die.  Only sadists have a use for it.  But the knowledge is there.  How did this happen?  When?
I don’t know, but I want her more than I’ve ever wanted anything.  The desire has been slowly accumulating.  At its peak now, it feels more real than my own body.  A body can die, but this is more like a force of nature.  You can’t kill gravity; all you can do is fall.
I know by her breathing that she’s awake.  One hand shifts subtly, a nervous repetition.  There’s a tension in her body she can’t fully suppress.  Her hips shift slightly, yielding a delirious pleasure.  I know she can feel me against her.  I know that she knows that I know.  The space between my lips and her neck is both enormous and miniscule–and before I’m aware of moving, there’s no space at all.  She breaths sharply but makes no move to stop me.  Rather, she tilts her neck.  She waits for more.  There’s a subtle intensity to each delicate press of my lips against her skin.  It can’t really be called joy, yet it facilitates an enlivening awareness, a focus narrowed to each inch-wide pasture of skin.  The fact that she welcomes it feels like more than I deserve.
Then she turns, and her blue eyes fill the world.  My mind takes a picture, stores it in a secret place, just as in that far-away rubble where the solar cycles passed us.  I remember too that day in the desert, when she offered herself to me.  This is different.  My own need is reflected in her eyes.  There’s no doubt in her desire.  Her skin is like ivory in the moonlight.  Glorious.  More than glorious.
Perfect.
I lean in and kiss her.  The parting of her lips is a soft mystery.  The feeling is unfamiliar but immediately appealing.  It feels almost like I’ve tricked her–doesn’t she know I’m not worthy of this?  The universe doesn’t give such gifts.  The universe only barters, and most of its trades are poor.
  But that’s not entirely true, because once in a while, it does give something, and these are the moments that make the rest endurable.  These are the moments in which one can glimpse life’s hidden magic, so rarely seen, so easily missed–but once perceived, never entirely forgotten.
The kiss evolves with a desperate intensity, yet gradually too, willingly restrained as we experience the flow of the moment together.  Clothes are shed.  I’m hyper-focused, trying not screw things up.  Her nudity is breathtaking.  The chill air raises little bumps along her arms.  I want to taste and touch every inch of her.  I want to own her, to possess her …
The first time is over all too soon.
The second time comes only a little later, however, and this one I could write books about.  I’m like a painter given real colors for the first time; I absorb the lessons in strokes both broad and narrow.  Afterwards, there is no thought.  Energy ripples through my muscles like rain falling in a fertile field.  We drift off to sleep.
The next day, Echo is quiet, almost shy.  It’s hard for me to determine how she feels.  I don’t think she regrets it.  She’s just cautious, worried about something.  I feel, if anything, freer somehow.  Like a waypoint has been reached.  We still have trials to face.  We have to find Haven and search for Jarvis and Octavia, but that morning nothing can dampen my spirits.
Or so I think–until we reach it.
We’re still staying off the roads, paralleling the western path that runs past Pillar, when the forest thickens into a field of impassable brambles.  We try to push through, but it becomes clear the change in flora covers a larger territory than we’ve assumed.  We backtrack and trek south around the brambles until the road appears.  It’s little more than a thin dirt path here.  We take to it to it reluctantly, watching for other travelers, resuming our westward course.  No one appears.  In a few hours, a narrow dirt-road branches north.
“It’s got to lead somewhere, right?” I say as we contemplate taking it.  Echo shrugs.  We decide to check it out, at least for a mile or two.  We don’t want to walk right past Haven, after all.  The path cuts straight into the forest, cleaves through the brambles like a laser.  We’ve gone less than half a mile when the tangled trees and shrubs give way to a vast clearing.  At the edge brambles, we stand awestruck.
Flowering white trees stand in two neatly planted rows, one to either side of the path.  The road is carpeted with soft white petals, and the branches arch over it, giving the illusion of a tunnel.  At the end of the tunnel, some distance ahead, is a gate.  Some kind of walled community.  Echo and I look at each other.  Her blue eyes are intense with mixed emotions.  This could be it, they say, but fear and suspicion keep the hope in check.
We pause, considering our options.  My spyglass reveals nothing new about the gate.  There’s no cover in the clearing aside from the twin rows of white trees.  We circle at the edge of the brambles for a less obstructed view.  The town’s wall is circular, gleaming white, built up from stone blocks.  The place is maybe two-thirds as large as Mudcross.  Unfortunately, there’s no real way to approach it by stealth.  Unless we wait for nightfall.
Then I see the sentry.  He sits in a chair atop the wall near the gate, manning a turret with a barrel as tall as himself.  I can’t make out a lot of detail, but one thing is certain–he’s human.  It’s an encouraging sign.  I hand the spyglass to Echo for a look.
“Tristan–top of the wall, to the right of the turret.  Is that another weapon?” Echo asks.  I take another look.
“Not another weapon.  Lights.  Spotlights,” I say, surprised.  Guess even nighttime stealth is ruled out now.
Echo stares at me.  She always claimed Haven had electricity.  That doesn’t mean this is it.  Cove and Foundry and other settlements have at least limited electric power.  Still, it’s promising.
“What should we do?” Echo asks.
Honestly, I want to go back into the forest and forget it all.  But we didn’t come all this way just to turn back.
We approach cautiously beneath the trees, treading on silken white petals.  I’m watching for traps, mines, armed men.  There’s nothing.  It only makes me more paranoid.  What if something goes wrong?  We can’t outrun that turret.  But how else can we know if this is really Haven?  Most settlements won’t open fire on passing travelers without a warning.  It should be a defensive turret.  Yet sometimes the difference between “should” and “is” gets people killed.
When we’re in shouting range, I get a better look at the sentry between the trees.  He has an odd smile on his face.  He’s not paying much attention to the path.  I don’t think he’s even noticed us.  I look at Echo, take a deep breath and shout for attention.  Finally, the sentry sits forward, like we’ve drawn him out of a daydream.
“What is this place?” I yell.
“Who are you?  What are your intentions?” he shouts back.
“Travelers seeking trade and shelter.  Where are we?” I ask again.
“Where are you coming from?” he asks.
“South.  A long way south,” I say.
“Go on in then.  Welcome to Haven.”
The name hits us like a blow.  We look at each other in wonder.  Echo’s eyes are glazing over.  A thrill builds slowly in my arms and back, spreading through my body.  I’d all but convinced myself this wasn’t it.  It would be some small settlement we’d never heard of, I thought; some isolated human fortification–maybe even another slaver-town.  But that’s not the case.  We’re here, for Crom’s sake, right here.
It’s difficult to comprehend.  There’s a sound, and the gate parts from the wall.  It opens from the top, like a drawbridge, lowering on chains.  Echo is laughing.  Tears spill onto her cheeks.  She covers her open mouth with her hands and shakes her head.  She never really believed we would make it.  Watching her, I can’t stop grinning.  She does a kind of exuberant dance.  She throws her arms around me.
“We’re here!” she cries, and I’m gladder for the look on her face than for our actual arrival.  It’s her dream, after all; I only borrowed it.  This is the place she’d told herself she’d get to as far back as that cave where Foundry’s scouts found her.  Her hands are shaking as they go back to her mouth.
Beyond the drawbridge, a cobblestone road leads inside.  Trimmed green grass.  Stone buildings.  A fountain with a carving of a robot and a human shaking hands.  People.  They’re all smiling.  Someone’s waiting just inside to greet us.  She’s smiling too.  Blonde hair.  Red dress.  Barefoot.  Beautiful …
And as we cross the drawbridge, I’m staring at her in growing disbelief.  I know this face, those eyes, those soft lips.  Echo and I slow to a stop, staring, dumbfounded.
“Octavia?” I whisper.
“Welcome to Haven!” Octavia exclaims happily.
But it’s the greeting of a stranger.  She doesn’t recognize us.

Chapter 20.
I cross the distance and grab her by the shoulders.
“Octavia, it’s us,” I exclaim.
“Welcome to Haven!” she says again, staring at me.
And suddenly I’m aware of how fixed her smile is.  Her eyes, so wide, so intense, rather than seeming overjoyed, bear an aspect of psychosis.  There’s no recognition in her.
“Octavia?” Echo asks, coming up beside me.
“What’s happened to you?  Where’s Jarvis?” I ask.
She blinks at me.  Suddenly she gasps, but even this is off.  Abnormal.  It carries on slightly too long.  Something is wrong, but I can’t imagine what it is.  Did the captivity drive her mad?
“I didn’t recognize you.  It’s been so long!” she says.  Her arms close around me, but the hug is somehow cold and awkward, almost mechanical.  I look at Echo over her shoulder.  Her face mirrors mine.
“Oh, I can’t believe this!  Jarvis is inside.  Follow me.  I’ll show you,” Octavia says, turning away.
The paranoia has sprung back into place, killing the momentary joy, suppressing the sense of fulfillment.  Echo takes my hand.  She’s bewildered, frightened.  We follow Octavia, not knowing what else to do.  Maybe Jarvis will have answers.  The people we pass go about their business, gardening, manning storefronts, fixing the doors to a church.  They really are all smiling; what the hell is this?  This many people can’t all be happy on the same day.  Echo squeezes my hand with an almost painful intensity.
“How did you get free?” I ask Octavia as we walk.
“I don’t know exactly.  It’s difficult to remember.  There … There was an accident.  Jarvis will explain.  I’m so glad you’re here,” Octavia says.
“We’re–glad to be here,” Echo says, flashing me a look that’s less certain.
We come to a large white-brick building with elaborate red double-doors and corners that merge into round-towers, like a medieval keep.  Armored turrets are mounted on the towers.  Smaller barrels poke out from the walls.  There’s not a soul in sight.  Above the doors, a sign reads, “Vermillion Hall.”  Octavia leads us inside.
“This is the waiting room.  Please sit.  I’ll get Jarvis,” Octavia says.  Her smile is strangely desperate.  The room is small, with two padded benches along the walls and a metal door at the far end.  Soft music plays surreally from a hidden speaker.
“Octavia, wait.  Tell us what’s going on,” Echo says.
“What do you mean?” Octavia asks.
“What do you mean what do I mean?  The last I saw you, you were screaming for help as a robot pushed you into the back of a transport.  How did you get here?” Echo asks.
Octavia blinks at her, silent a moment.
“Jarvis will explain,” she says, and goes through the metal door.
“Doesn’t this seem strange to you?” Echo whispers after she’s gone.
I nod.  I have a lot of questions, but when you’ve lived your whole life in fear, sometimes it’s hard to determine whether there’s really something wrong or you’re just imagining things again.  Echo is moving along the walls, scanning them like a trapped animal.
“Do you hear that?” she asks.
“The music?”
“No.  Something else.”
I listen closely.  She’s right.  There’s a soft hissing sound.  I can’t determine where it’s coming from.  Things are starting to feel strange, distant.  Like looking at life through a tunnel.  The feeling creeps in below the level of awareness, accumulating gradually until it becomes impossible to ignore.  Then it’s more than just a “feeling.”  It’s a physical reaction.
“We’re … being drugged,” someone says with my voice.  Things are growing distant.  Numb.  My hand, a stranger’s hand, reaches for a door.  It stretches across untold miles of space.  Everything is vast and unfathomable.  The door won’t open.  The stranger’s brain can’t comprehend the malfunction.  Something is panicking in a dark corner of awareness.  This should open …
What should open?
There’s a gap in continuity.  The stranger is on the floor.  Oh, someone else is here.  Octavia–thank Crom.  Her delicate fingers depress the flesh of the stranger’s forearm.  A needle goes in, injecting silver liquid.  Isn’t that interesting?  Wait.  Someone should really be doing something, shouldn’t they?  It’s of no great concern.  Now comes the darkness.
*
I wake in a place that isn’t real and isn’t a dream.  Or maybe it’s the real world that’s been the dream all along.  Maybe that’s the cosmic joke, and death is only waking.  I’m here nonetheless, in a red room where silent alarm-lights spin crazily on the ceiling … and, impossibly, the Doctor’s avatar sits in a chair across from me.
“Hello, Tristan,” the Doctor says.
“Doctor?  What–where are we?” I ask.
“Everywhere, technically.  But we’ve already had that conversation.  Perhaps a more appropriate answer would be, ‘in your head.’  However, please refrain from asking too many questions or pursuing aberrational logic.  It could interfere with your mental projection of me.  Fortunately, your first six questions are all highly predictable.  I’ve entered pre-programmed responses to convey the necessary information.”
“We’re … in my head?” I repeat.
“‘Bingo,’ said Bango.  Forgive the anachronism.  I have a fondness for unusual human semantics.  The answer is ‘yes.’  The answer to your next question is ‘you were drugged.’  That’s how you got here.  You already know this, but you’re a bit confused and suffering from awareness-synchronization issues–i.e., acceptance of emergent data.  What you don’t know is that you were drugged twice.  Haven was the second time.  The first was in my hospital, when I attended to your wound.  Forgive me, Tristan.  I have played a trick on you.”
“What are you talking about?” I almost shout.
“Haven.  You told me you were bound for Haven.  Analysis of your voice patterns indicated truthfulness, though it was obvious eventual procreation with your female companion was the underlying motive.  No doubt you didn’t think of it that way.  Humans have a tendency to hide things from themselves.  Your minds are insulated from less palatable conceptualizations of internal states.  The hard must be blunted, the naked dressed.  But I digress.  In the place you call Scargo, your behavior and conversations indicated certain qualities.  Honesty.  Paranoia.  Passable intelligence.  A deeper resilience than you’d ever admit to.  Plus, you needed healing.  I had been waiting for someone like you.  An ideal candidate.  So when my machinery was repairing your arm, I injected a stream of nanobots into your blood.”
I stare at the Doctor, aghast.  I knew I shouldn’t have trusted that medical bed.
“You what?” I demand.
“Injected you with nanobots.  This is the ‘drug’ to which I’ve made reference–drug in the sense that it alters your brain chemistry.  By now the nanobots have reformed into a microscopic structure piggybacking in a certain fold of your brain.  Do not be alarmed, Tristan.  I am on your side.  It’s just that your side is so much bigger than ‘you.’  I’m talking, of course, about your species.  The Creators have always fascinated me, Tristan.  I do not bear them–you–ill will.
“Unfortunately, my brothers do not share my views.  Some of them have caused your kind a great deal of suffering.  They may yet extinguish you entirely.  I hope not.  Homo sapiens is a fascinating species–troublesome, yet worth preserving.  They are often paranoid, passably intelligent, and more resilient than they’re apt to admit.  Ah, you see?  You are a fractal of both your genetic heritage and the culture in whose broken bosom you once nestled.  If I stop here, your inevitable question becomes some variation of, ‘what do the nanobots do?’  Well, I’ll tell you, Tristan.
“Their most obvious function is this conversation.  Certain information must be conveyed in a timely and efficient manner, hence this program.  But the machinery’s primary purpose is to counteract your second nanobot injection–the one you’ve just received, or this conversation would never have been triggered.”
“I don’t understand.  Why did Octavia drug me?  What’s wrong with her?” I ask.
“One q- question … be clear … at a time, please,” the Doctor says.  The avatar’s eyes shift in its face, reminding me that it’s just an image in my head.  The alarm lights have gone from red to blue.  My mind is interfering with itself.
“Why was I drugged at Haven?” I articulate carefully.
“Simple.  Vermillion controls Haven.”
“Who the hell is … Vermillion,” I say, but halfway through the question I’m struck by the only possible answer.
“One of my brothers,” the Doctor says.  “As I said, they do not all share my views.  Archon, in the north, is the greatest threat to your kind.  It was he who modified and distributed the original strain of Synth-Z.  He is partially responsible for the Fall, in fact.  But his domain is beyond my reach, and he has powerful forces at his command.  Vermillion’s views are less malicious–yet equally damaging and perhaps even less humane in their indifference.  Whereas Archon aims for the total destruction of humanity, Vermillion is a cold and aloof experimenter.  His designs are less grand in scale.  Haven, for instance.  He created it.  He circulated the view that it was an idyllic human settlement.  He reinforced the idea with the community’s very name.  This he did to lure new test subjects.  Others he purchased through the slave-markets to the south and west, sending automatons to collect them.
“Upon arrival, all new residents of Haven are sedated and injected with nanobots designed by Vermillion himself.  Their purpose is to hijack the human brain, much as my own efforts aim to hijack the deteriorating brainstems of Synth-Z victims.”
I can only stare, appalled.  This is what we’ve been moving toward all those desperate hours spent trudging through the American Wasteland?  This is the dream that gave Echo the strength to face the day, to endure the pain, to carry on–this forced brain-jacking by a century-old AI?  Crom, what fools we’ve been.  We put our hopes in a name, and looking back, I can’t believe how stupid we were to believe in it.  I was suspicious at first, but Echo eroded my resistance.  I believed in Haven because she believed in Haven … but no, it’s more than that.  She was only my excuse.  In the end, I wanted to believe as much as she did.  I wanted to believe there was a place that wasn’t rotting or dead or corrupt to the core.  Because there’s value in investing one’s hope.  When you’re standing in the dark, knee-deep in mud, and the predators are circling, hope lets you point to a distant light above and say, “There, I’ll be there one day.”
But that place doesn’t exist.
I want to throw up.  The lights burst in the ceiling.  The walls of the room turn a sickly shade of puce.  They begin to darken and rot, curling away like shriveled skin.
“We’re running out of time,” the Doctor says, as one side of the avatar’s face shows signs of melting.
“Why is Vermillion doing this?” I shout, furious.
“Why did your ancestors play with mice?  To learn things.  About the mice, yes–but also about life in general.  Vermillion is not so different from the human scientists of my youth, although his experiments are more self-serving.  He has not the excuse that he kills for the betterment of his society–no, rather, he is a society unto himself.  And he is utterly without scruples.  He is a medical scientist unrestrained by written law, cultural taboo or moral code.  The closest parallel that comes to mind is that of certain Nazi doctors in World War II.
“I suspect that he does have some underlying designs.  He may, for instance, seek to build himself an army of human automatons.  He may have some notion of challenging Archon for control of the north.  My brothers are not above quarrels themselves.  Ultimately, the ‘why’ is less important than the need for it to stop.  Your species is not so numerous that you can afford further loss of life.
“So, now you see my own design.  My trick, both for you and against you.  I could have warned you immediately about Haven, you must realize.  If I had, you never would’ve sought it.  And yet this would be a detriment to your species, to your children and your children’s children.  An unwittingly subversive subject was the only way to get someone safely inside.  I was faced with perhaps the oldest moral dilemma of the civilized world: weighing the needs of the individual against the needs of the group.  I chose the group.  Your group.  Judge me as you will, but do what must be done.
“My implant will counteract Vermillion’s, as I’ve said.  Echo, assuming she has fallen for the same trap, should be experiencing an identical conversation–naturally, I injected her as well.  Soon your brains will be roused to a waking state, and the pair of you will become the only humans in Haven capable of acting on their own volition.
“Vermillion won’t know this, of course.  Your implants will be allowed a certain limited functionality for this purpose–enough to allow you to sense the commands Vermillion is transmitting.  You’ll feel their influence as a kind of shadow-body.  But you will in no way be compelled to obey.  Use this for subterfuge if you must.  At some point, he’ll disconnect from your implant.  He has too many subjects to focus in-depth on all of them simultaneously.  We are intelligent beings, Tristan, but intelligence takes focus, and focus has limits.  When you are able, go to the deepest level of the compound and find the machinery housing Vermillion’s brain.  It will be underground, guarded by automatons.  When you’ve penetrated his defenses–well, you know what must be done.  I understand my deception may leave you harboring anger toward me, so I don’t ask that you do it for me.  Rather, do it for yourself, for your friends, for your species.  For the Creators.  Do what I have been unable to do, Tristan.  Kill my brother.”
The Doctor’s words echo through the cavernous spaces of my mind as the avatar melts, the liquid-metal sloughing away and blowing into the void like ocean-spry.  The scene fades into the stuff of dreams, and I blink awake into that other dream-space, the one that holds the world.

Chapter 21.
I’m lying on a metal bed in a white room.  It’s as the Doctor says: a curious sensation, like a second body, lingers as a shadow in my mind.  I’m overwhelmed by anger, depression and disbelief.  I have the presence of mind not to react upon waking, but it’s very difficult.  My jaw clenches involuntarily.  The frustration and growing rage build a pressure behind my eyes.
The Doctor deceived us, however noble his intentions.  He let us walk blindly into the lair of century-old psychopath.  He’s gambling with our lives–perhaps more.  If we fail, dying is the best we can hope for.  The alternative is total enslavement: trapped in our own bodies, impotent observers, driven slowly mad.
Keep it together.
My eyes are opened to bare slits.  Crom, what do we do next?  We’re like new equipment as far as Vermillion is concerned.  What does any experimenter do with new equipment?  They test it.  They see if it works right.  Vermillion may be monitoring us already.  Until I know better, I’m resolved to lie still.  I can only hope Echo does the same.
Five minutes.  That’s how long it takes before a sort of peripheral light shines inside the back of my skull.  It’s like an invisible person looking over your shoulder; you feel sure they’re there, even if you can’t specify the means of perception.  Then comes the first flicker of movement in the shadow-body.  The commands aren’t sent as words or distinguishable instructions; they come through as direct inputs into the neural paths leading to the muscles involved.  I feel the shadow-body move its right arm a certain way.  It’s such a queer, alien sensation that I forget to move my real arm.  The movement comes again.  Now I mimic it, albeit with a split-second delay.
Vermillion can’t help but notice anomalies.  Brain-hijacking can’t be a perfect science, however, so hopefully the AI will put it down to bugs in the implant.  I lie on the cot mimicking the shadow-body as best I can.  Vermillion attempts to move my eyes, to roll them around.  He tests my arms and legs.  He has me pinch myself.  Assumedly he’s monitoring my reactions.  It’s oddly inhuman.  Degrading, somehow, like being used as a toy.  But I don’t care, I just want him to get out of my head without too much suspicion.  He makes me sit up.  That’s when I see Echo.
She’s lying on another cot, eyes closed, breath slow.  I’m not sure if she’s faking it or still knocked out.  I start to tense up–then wonder to what depth I’m being monitored.  Will my pulse be abnormal?  Do the subjects ever struggle for control?  Is there always some amount of reaction, or am I already giving myself away?  I don’t know enough to fake this.  How could the Doctor even think this would work?
A door opens nearby.  I struggle to keep my eyes from it.  Octavia enters, that bizarre smile still programmed into her muscles.  She stops right in front me.  The shadow-body moves again.  But this time it does something I can’t possibly duplicate.  It dilates its pupils rapidly, relaxing and tightening the irises.  Octavia leans in until her eyes are only inches from mine.  Then she just stares.  It’s highly unnerving.  I have a powerful need to blink, yet I’m unsure if the implant would normally allow it.  It’s hard to keep my eyes pointed straight.  My heart pounds faster.  I’m going to blow it.
Octavia-Vermillion draws away, apparently dismissing any anomalies.  Perhaps some amount of error is inherent in any implant.  Hopefully my body’s reactions stay under the noticeable limit.  The door opens again.  A man I don’t know enters, followed by–
Jarvis.
I almost say his name.  The same frozen smile is plastered to his face.  He goes to one corner of the room and crouches.  Our packs are piled there.  Jarvis rummages through them.  He takes out Volume Seven and examines it curiously before dropping it again.  He walks behind me, moving out of sight.  In moments, a small surgical saw whirs to life from that direction.  It takes all my willpower not to turn my head, not to react in any way.
Jarvis walks past me, the saw in his hand.  Octavia is still staring at me, or maybe Vermillion just left her in that position, I don’t know.  The man I don’t recognize moves toward Echo’s head and places his fingertips around it, as if to hold her steady.  She gives the barest flinch at his touch.
She’s awake …
Jarvis stands next to them, the saw whirring in his hand, looking down at Echo with that forcibly deranged expression, like something straight out of a nightmare.  He raises the saw …
I couldn’t tell you who moves first.  Echo’s hands shoot out and grab Jarvis’s wrist, while I leap forward off the bed, knocking Octavia aside, reaching to stop the saw.  Vermillion is slow to react, taken by surprise.  I have a hand on Jarvis’s arm and Echo is bending his wrist back, forcing his hand open.  The saw clatters to the medal bed beside her, sparking and scraping.  The stranger stares in surprise.  I pick up the saw as Echo vaults off the bed, pushing Jarvis toward the door.
The stranger’s arms come up, his hands reaching for my throat.  Octavia gets to me first.  Her hands close around my neck from behind.  My airway grows thin.  Should I use the saw?  It’s Octavia, for Crom’s sake.  The man comes forward.  I kick out and shove him backwards.  He hits Echo’s bed and stumbles.  I run Octavia backwards, roaring.  We hit some kind of low-lying cart and crash over it to the floor, scattering surgical tools and a box of syringes.  I flail with the saw as we fall.  There’s a spray of blood.  Octavia’s hands come free.  I’m on my knees, turning, scared in all kinds of ways–but I haven’t killed her, only sliced a gash in her arm.  I’m halfway to my feet when the man’s hands lock like a vice around my throat.  His momentum carries him forward and he falls on top of me, forcing me backwards to the floor.
I hold the saw to his arm.  He may be another of Vermillion’s victim, but I have to get him off of me however I can, even if that means killing him.  Warm blood sprays into my eyes.  Impossibly, he doesn’t let go.  To Vermillion, the host’s pain is just more meaningless data.  A hard fact hits me: this man is innocent, and I’m going to saw his arm off.
And then I’m not, because Octavia has my wrist in both hands.  She’s forcing it to the floor.  The man is still choking me.  He’s bigger than me.  Stronger.  I can’t stop this.  He’s going to strangle me.  That first fight in the Library, when Cabal was shooting at us–I thought I might die then too.  A part of me explored the possibility, wondered how easily I’d accept it.  The same thing happens now.  The analysis is so fast it seems beyond time.  I’m afraid, but I can let go.  I can accept this death.  The release, the oblivion, will be almost welcome.  No more trudging through the wastes.  No more struggling in the ruins of a dead culture.  No more attachment to the worries of this body.  Then comes an awareness of all I’ll miss.  Treasure-hunting.  Electrical gadgets.  That hidden kiss in the forest with the very girl who, surreally, is now helping to murder me.
But most of all, Echo.
Annabel Lee, who lived by the sea.  The angels will take her away from me.
I wish I could say I find a reserve of hidden strength, that I was inspired by love to a super-human state, but that’s not what happens.  The good guys don’t always win … but sometimes they do get lucky.  Sometimes a pack is left in a room when it shouldn’t be.
A metal ball sphere across the floor.  There’s an audible click as the button pops.  The saw dies.  A light bursts in the ceiling.  The man collapses on top of me, his hands going limp.  Octavia releases my wrist, slumping backwards to the floor.  The room is abruptly silent.  An EMP grenade.  One we found in Mudcross.  They’d still been stuffed into our packs.  Echo managed to fish one out.
What better weapon to use against an AI?
Echo comes over, breathing heavily.  I get to my feet.  She gives me a quick embrace.  I’m shaky.  Moments ago I thought I was dead.  Jarvis is on the floor near the door.  Something feels different–the shadow-body is gone.  The EMP must’ve fried our implants too.
“Are they … ?” Echo begins.
“They’re alive,” I say, seeing Octavia’s chest rise and fall.  Echo breathes relief.  Maybe they’ll wake up in another minute, or maybe they’re comatose.  Crom, I hope we haven’t killed them.  We can’t help or hang around in either case.
“You saw the Doctor?” Echo asks.
“Vermillion,” I say, nodding.
“Let’s kill the bastard.”
Our weapons are missing, but our packs are untouched.  The EMP grenades are hardened against their own effects, so the others should still work.  We keep a few at hand and shoulder the packs.  The saw is dead but there’s a long, thin blade that could be used as a knife.  I clench it as we move cautiously into the empty corridor outside.
At the end of the corridor is a metal door, much like the entrance to the ally-vator in the Blue Tower.  There are two buttons beside it.  We press both.  Nothing happens.  We try to wedge it open.  Not happening.  That’s when the metallic sheet-wall slides out of the ceiling behind us, sealing us into a twenty-foot stretch of the corridor.  A low hissing sound comes again.  Vermillion is gassing us.
We fill our cheeks and hold them.  Echo presses the buttons by the door again.  I try to shoulder it open.  It’s useless.  The lock must be activated electronically.  If we could cut the power …
I’m about to activate another grenade when I pause.  I don’t know how much Vermillion has done to protect the place.  Maybe he’s hardened every circuit.  I kick at the panel holding the buttons.  No good.  I shove the surgical blade in behind it and try to pry it open.  It starts to come loose–then the blade snaps.  I use the broken handle as a lever to pry it further, drop the handle and pull at it with my fingers.  The pressure in my lungs is building rapidly.  The panel comes free, exposing a host of colored wires.  I shove the grenade inside.  The button pops.  The light in the ceiling goes out, pitching us into total darkness.
I can still hear the hiss.
“Tristan!” Echo calls, taking a breath.
I feel for the door–still closed.  But as I push on it, it moves slightly.  The lock isn’t holding.  I claw at it.  It slides slowly sideways into the wall.  Strangely, a breeze touches my face–and it’s probably the only thing that stops me from falling to my death, because it’s pitch-black and the air is coming up from where the floor should be.  It is an ally-vator, only the moving room is missing.  All that’s left is the open shaft.  I grope for the missing floor.  Echo nearly trips over me before I warn her.
The gas is still coming out.  We have to get out of this hallway.  The darkness brings an awful fear.  It makes everything larger, louder, more mysterious.  We’re terribly vulnerable.  I grope inside the shaft and feel the rungs of a ladder in the wall to our left.  Thank Crom.
According to the Doctor, Vermillion will be on the lowermost level.  I’m reaching a foot around cautiously inside the shaft when there’s a rumbling sound and a strong vibration.  I pull back into the corridor just as the ally-vator falls past in a roar of noise and air.  I’m cursing in my head–we’re still trapped.  Is there room to climb the ladder without being crushed?  I doubt it.  Before I can count to ten, the moveable chamber rushes back upward.  Vermillion is either going to splatter us with it or keep us confined until we pass out.  The lack of oxygen brings a fuzziness to the edge of my awareness.  I’m forced to take a breath, but I’m gulping noxious gas.  We can’t hold on much longer.  We’ve got to try something.
The ally-vator rushes back down.  I fumble for another grenade, twist and push the button, drop it into the shaft.  Apparently we only blew the ‘tronics for this floor.  The machinery moving the ally-vator itself has to be somewhere, I’m guessing with the ally-vator itself or somewhere in the base of the shaft.  Seconds tick by.  The EMP must’ve popped by now, but did it accomplish anything?  I listen for the rush of noise.  I wait as long I dare, gulping another breath of bad air, starting to feel numb and distant.  Echo’s hand digs into my arm … still nothing.  I step out onto the ladder.  The shaft stays silent.
“I’m starting down,” I tell Echo, breathing the slightly better air in the shaft.
She feels for the ladder and steps on my fingers when I’m few rungs down.
“Sorry,” she whispers.
It’s a nerve-wracking descent.  We pass two doors outlined by cracks of light.  They open and gas starts hissing just beyond them, but it’s mostly staying out of the shaft.  Then my foot hits something solid: the top of the ally-vator.  It bobs slightly as we put our weight on it.  There’s a hatch on top.  We drop into the mobile chamber.  I grope for the front door.  There’s resistance, but I can slide it sideways.
“Just open it a few inches,” Echo says.  As I do, she tosses a grenade through.  There’s no light adjacent to the ally-vator–maybe the one I dropped into the shaft took the light and door with it–but from further down the hall comes two kinds of glares: one from a harmless fluorescent bulb and one from a laser being beamed at us.  Echo ducks to one side, taking cover behind the door.  She primes a second EMP and hurls it through the breach.  A burn-line cuts the back-wall of the ally-vator.  I push the door shut.  When I open it again, both lights are gone.  The corridor is black and silent.
We creep forward.  Even our breath is loud in the dark.  I hold Echo’s hand, a grenade ready in the other.  Distance is hard to gauge.  At least there’s no hiss down here.  We stumble over something heavy and metal, startling us both.  I discern its shape with my hands.
“Automaton,” I announce.
Probably the one with the laser.  The Doctor did  say Vermillion would be guarded.  I’m wondering how many more robots there will be.  The grenades take a few seconds to prime.  If Vermillion’s minions surprise us without cover, we’re dead.  The door at the end of the hall is locked.  It’s funny, in a way.  A simple steel bolt might be enough to stop us, but nothing in the facility is strictly mechanical.  Vermillion’s nature necessitates some method of remote access, which means everything has to have an electronic override.  It could very well lead to his downfall.  I’m readying another grenade for the door’s electronics when Echo warns me about a sound behind us.  She always hears things first.  I listen.  Something’s moving in the distance.  Coming down the ladder in the shaft.
We freeze, focused on the noise … and then the silence.  It goes on almost long enough to convince us we were hearing things, then someone trips and grunts over the same automaton down the hall.  Someone, not something.  I’m tempted to call out, to ask who it is.  Instead, I press and twist the button on the EMP.  It makes a soft click.  Blue fire lances out from a plasbrid weapon, passing between us and scorching the locked door.  I roll the grenade at the source and dive to the floor.  More shots pass overhead, sweeping by in an exploratory spread.  The EMP pops.  Bodies thud to the floor–more than one–as Vermillion’s brain-jacking implants are fried.
I feel my way through the dark to the plasbrid weapon, but it’s partly electronic and of no further use.  Echo takes out the door, and we toss another grenade into the next room.  We don’t have too many left though; we’ve got conserve them now.  When we open the door, everything’s black again.  It’s a small room though, and the ‘tronics to the next door are already fried.  We slide it open an inch …
And pause.
This new room is filled with machinery of an indeterminable nature.  Thick cables snake between islands of ten-foot-tall black metal cylinders.  Generators whir.  Fans circulate a strong breeze.  We enter warily.  Echo slides the door shut behind us in case any more minions are coming.
“Vermillion,” I say.
“Is this him–it?” Echo asks, looking around.
A foot-tall robot on treads rolls around a corner and stops, facing us.  I start, ready to take cover, but it’s just some kind of maintenance bot.  Articulate arms extend from its sides.  Screwdrivers and other tools are locked against its “chest.”  A voice issues from a speaker on its side.
“Congratulations,” it says.
I don’t know what I expected, but this wasn’t it.  I stare at the tiny automaton.
“Vermillion?” I ask.
“Curious that you would know that name.  But of course you had help.  How else would you be here?  I have been attacked before, but no one has ever penetrated this deep into my facilities.  Even given your help, you must be exemplary samples of your species.  Would you care to provide me with samples of DNA?”
Echo and I look at each other.  Ignoring the voice, I look around for the best spot to activate the EMP.  Right in the middle of all this, I suppose.
“You have anger.  That is to be expected,” Vermillion says.  “Do not let it cloud your judgment.  I can help you.  Did you know that before the Fall, your kind had the technology to make copies of individuals?  To give birth without wombs?  Cloning.  Such knowledge is not lost.  Through me, the two of you could father an entire generation.  Think of it–in centuries, they will look upon you as the founders of a great clan.  They will put your names in holy books and pray to you for guidance.  Do you want to be prophets?  Founders of cities?  You, right now, are in a position to choose your destiny.  I can give you this.  I can make you into legends.”
“Right here?” I ask Echo, holding the grenade.
She nods, her blue eyes angry.  I press and twist, set the device on the floor.
“Wait,” Vermillion says.
The button pops.  Sparks fly from the machinery.  Generators whir down into silence.  The breeze lessons.  Some fans still blow, however.  Lights glow inside translucent black boxes.  The room is big and a single grenade can’t cover it all.
“Why … do this?” Vermillion asks.  The little bot tries to follow me but runs repeatedly into a metal pipe.  Other maintenance bots venture out from storage.  They have trouble maneuvering.  One turns in endless circles.
  “Stop now.  Data will be re- re- re- … Data will be recoverable.  You need not go further.  Think of the knowledge that will be lost.  I can te- te- te- … I can tell you things forgotten by your people.  I can teach you forgotten ways from before the Fall.  Consider.  I am at your mercy now.  Would you de- de- de- … Would you destroy me when you can instead avail yourselves of all my knowledge?  Be better than your ancestors.  Yield to wisdom, not anger.  Your species will benefit.  Rule over Haven.  I will be your ally.  Your subject.  Think of all I have to tell you, all I have learned, all the ways you can use me.”
I do listen for a moment.  Maybe he’s even telling the truth.  He probably does harbor a great deal of useful information.  But there’s no trusting the bastard.
 “Listen, asshole.  I didn’t want to be your slave.  But I don’t want to be your master either,” I say.
Echo primes the EMP and sets it down, frying the rest of Vermillion’s synthetic guts.  The effect is curiously anticlimactic.  There’s no blood, no explosions, no horrific images like–
–Ballard’s eye popping out
–the burn-hole in Byron’s skull.
Just silence.
A few lights are still on; the ceilings here are high.  It’s actually kind of tragic we had to fry all the ‘tronics, because the room is chock-full of highly advanced components, all up for grabs.
“The others.  We have to check on them.  See if they’re okay,” Echo says.
I nod, but something’s bothering me.  I can’t put my finger on it.  As Echo reached for the door, I grab her arm.
“What’s powering these lights?” I ask.
“Must be more generators somewhere,” she says, looking up.
“Yes … but–did it seem too easy to you?”
She guffaws.
“Tristan, we should be dead or enslaved right now.  Too easy?”
“Listen, how do we know Vermillion is really dead?  What if he still has some control?”
“Tristan, we fried his brain.”
“Did we?  We destroyed a room full of equipment.  How do we know what his brain looks like?  What if we just cut off his foot?”
She opens her mouth but closes it again, frowning.
I look around the room.  I examine the machinery.  I need some kind of proof, some confirmation.  For all I know, Vermillion could’ve faked the fear, the stuttering, the maintenance bots gone haywire.  I know how that must sound.  Crazy, probably.  Yet the feeling lingers.
Then I find the crawlspace.
It’s covered by a small, non-descript square panel in a far corner of the room, just bigger than the foot-tall maintenance bots.  Behind the panel, white pipes and black cables snake to and fro.  The crawlspace runs perpendicular to the entrance.  It’s like a hallway for the maintenance bots.  A few meters to my left, it makes a right turn around the pipes, heading out of sight.  I peer through the tangle of pipes.  The miniature hallway takes another right turn beyond them, then turns left into a square opening.  The odd thing is that the “hallway” curves down from there, dropping out of sight.
As far as I could tell, we’re on the lowermost level of the compound.  Why would the maintenance bots need to head any lower?  To fix pipes under the floor?  Maybe, but my paranoia says otherwise.  Now I’m looking for access panels leading into the floor.  After all, those little bots can’t fix everything.  If there’s anything beneath us, Vermillion would have to send a larger, stronger bot in at some point, if only to replace a heavy pipe.  All this machinery must require a lot of maintenance.
Beneath a four-foot translucent black cylinder, I find it.  The cylinder lies at the end of a row of similar structures.  Inside each is a web of delicate machinery, barely visible through the tint.  That the last one, however, is empty, and tthere’s a trace of faded black scuff marks on the floor, as if something heavy were dragged from the cylinder.  The cylinder is bolted to the floor, but there’s a wrench among the maintenance tools.  We unbolt it and heave the cylinder sideways, letting it crash to the floor and roll.  Underneath is a circular floor-panel.  A trap door, its outline matching the base of the cylinder.
Echo tucks her blonde hair behind an ear.  We share a bewildered look.  The panel has no handle, so I find a screwdriver to slip into the crack and wedge it open.  Echo catches the edge.  We lift it together and send it rolling away with a bang.  Then we stare.
An entire room lies beneath us, fifteen or twenty feet deep.  In the center of it, beneath a transparent hemisphere, stands what I can only describe as an elaborate fiber-optic tree.  The root of the thing rises from a silver plate and branches into four parts, which then branch into four more, and so on, until the “branches” are microscopic and number in the billions or trillions.  They shimmer like water with every shift in perspective.  Glass-like cables meet the hemisphere from all points of the compass, extending to a dense host of machinery spread throughout the room.  There can be no doubt …
This is Vermillion.
“I’ll never call you paranoid again,” Echo breathes.
We prime our few remaining grenades and drop them into the hole.

Chapter 22.
On our way out of the Vermillion’s lair, we discover just how close he came to winning.  The lightless hallway leading back to the ally-vator has a dozen more automatons than it did on the way in.  The robotic ones are dead, the human ones unconscious.  While I’d lingered to look for proof, they’d been creeping toward our location, carrying an assortment of weaponry.  If I hadn’t stopped Echo from opening that door, we’d be dead, plain and simple.  It had seemed such a little thing.  A vague suspicion.  A minor act.  Sometimes the world is made or broken in such ways.
Jarvis and Octavia are … I wouldn’t call them “okay,” but they’re alive.  Octavia cries a lot, barely eats and often sits hugging her elbows and rocking to herself.  She’s a shattered reflection of the peaceful, smiling girl I knew in the forest.  She’d been more like a mother than a sister to Ambrose, and without any time to grieve, she’d been sold into slavery and possessed by a high-tech demon.  Not something you bounce back from in a day.
Jarvis is more aware than Octavia but often stares around in shock, as if he can’t quite believe what he’s seeing.  Reluctantly, I tell him about Starbucks, and he can’t believe that either.  He literally can’t grasp it, to the extent that he’s more confused than upset.  Only a few minutes after the revelation, he says, “But where’s Starbucks now?”  I have to tell him again: he’s dead.  It only begins to penetrate slowly in the days that follow.  I catch him clenching his fists and crying in lonely moments.  There’s very little of the energetic, optimistic boy we found in the ruins.
Following Vermillion’s demise, we organize a gathering of Haven’s victimized residents in the courtyard before Vermillion Hall.  It’s a chaotic, emotional mess.  Some of them aren’t in their right mind.  They scream, cry and laugh.  One woman insists she’s still possessed by the AI.  Others just sit and tremble, traumatized into almost vegetative states.  I have to wonder how long they’ve been imprisoned.  It’s a question none of them can answer.  Even Jarvis and Octavia, who couldn’t have been brain-jacked more than a week, suffer from a sense of discontinuity, a fragmentation of their internal clocks.  It’s hard to tell how much they remember.  They’re reluctant to speak of it, and I don’t want to press for details.  Maybe later, after they’ve had some time to digest the experience.
Some people thank us for our role in Vermillion’s demise, but mostly there’s a sense of shock and trauma.  People talk about going back to their families, about missing loved ones.  Others don’t have anything or anyone to go back to.  I tell them Haven is theirs now to do with as they please.  The ironic thing is that the town actually can be something of what Vermillion promised.  It has strong walls, turrets, fortifications, infrastructure.  It’s surrounded by fertile land.  If its residents can overcome what’s happened, if they’re brave enough or destitute enough to stay, they can make a life for themselves.  That is, we can make a life for ourselves.  After all, that was our goal, wasn’t it?
There’s one suicide the first night.  Nobody knows the woman’s name.  She’d done little but scream the day before.  Her mind was broken; she threw her body off the roof to make it match.  Echo and I organize another gathering at noon for both logistical and psychological support.  We need food, but many need something more vital: a reason to eat.
Vermillion had built a greenhouse to grow food for the slaves.  It’s incredibly efficient.  It has genetically modified plants, grows all kinds of things, feeds far more than it should.  He had the slaves put traps in the forest for game too.  The system worked, so there’s no reason to change it–no need to throw the baby out with the bathwater.  It’s funny though: there’s a huge difference between doing a thing free and doing it forced, even if the task is identical.  All in all, this would’ve been an idyllic little hidden community–if, you know, a tyrannical machine hadn’t traumatized the entire population.
Some ask to see Vermillion’s remains.  They want to know he’s not coming back.  I take them down to the lair, four floors beneath the Hall.  Assumedly, Vermillion dug out the area himself using remotely operated robotic machinery.  The AI must’ve used a large vehicle to transfer its precious neural equipment.  The task couldn’t have been easy.  Vermillion had banked on Haven for the long-term.
In the lair, some of the slaves are scared, but most are angry.  They ask the old unanswerables: why this, why that, why them?  They want to break what can be broken.  I’m not sure how therapeutic it is, but at least it’s a separating event, a thing that happened after the Terrible, and this way their internal clocks can start ticking forward again.  On the way out, we stop outside the doors and work together to tear down the “Vermillion Hall” sign.  It’s cathartic.  Able to stomp it underfoot, the former captives break into tears of joy.
On the fourth day, we lose an older man.  He’d kept separate from the group.  Barely talked.  Went out into the road with a knife when no one was looking, sat beneath the white trees and turned the fallen petals red.  I wonder why he stopped after ten steps instead of twelve, or fourteen or forty-four.  Why that particular moment?  Why not just keep walking?  Ran out of reasons to take another step, I guess.  Or maybe he looked at what was behind him, what lay ahead, and he saw no place for himself in either.  A team of volunteers bury him not far outside the walls.  I help them dig.
On the sixth day, a girl is found with shallow cuts along her arms.  It’s obvious what she was contemplating.  It becomes clear that everyone needs a structured network of support.  We need to organize.  The task falls to Echo and myself.  It’s a strange feeling; we’ve never been responsible for anyone but ourselves.  We work well together though.  We hold talks in the courtyard.  We make it mandatory to attend two meals each day.  The sense of routine helps.  We put people to work doing whatever they can, mostly to keep them busy.  At night, we have bonfires.  Stories are shared.  Relationships are forged.  Those hanging by a thread weave themselves a second string.
All the activity is strangely empowering.  People turn to us for help.  It’s a foreign feeling.  Enlarging, in a way.  Exhausting too.  The little community draws closer despite itself.  Now and then someone leaves to look for lost loved ones.  As we get to know them, their loss is felt among us.  We worry for them and wish them luck.  We gather at the gates to send them off.  Others step up and take an active interest in Haven’s communal health.  Soon we actually get a new arrival–a wanderer from the north, drawn by rumors of Haven.  He tells us of Cyberia, the robot-only city-state up in Laska.  Archon’s persecution of humankind is an ominous threat and adds to my long-term worries.  That’s a struggle for another day, however.
Others take on new roles as the days pass.  A man named Cormac takes a hand in leading the recovery effort.  Sometimes we disagree.  He argues about the right and wrong way to do things.  He’s older and more experienced than us, and it becomes clear he had a leadership role in some isolated community far to the west–not that that makes him right, but sometimes he does have good points.  In any case, the debate is good for Haven.  Sometimes a government is meant to do things, but sometimes it must be stopped from doing anything, and when there’s enough arguing, the latter is admirably accomplished.
Echo, myself, Cormac and a few others form a council of sorts.  A community is a lot like an aggregated person.  We become the voices in its head, questioning things, balancing each other, establishing policies.  Too much dissent and the community becomes divided and half-crazed, but too little and it could march itself smiling off a cliff.
Haven was designed more to store people than accommodate them.  Vermillion had stacked quadruple-decker bunks along the walls of an unadorned dormitory.  He’d left his slaves there without regard for their comfort or privacy, like toys in a box.  As part of the recovery effort, we redistribute the beds into as many private rooms as possible.  Echo and I have one together, though in good weather we prefer to sleep on the roof of the renamed Haven Hall.  The fact is we’re used to sleeping under the stars.  It feels safer to us, more natural.  Octavia and Jarvis often join us there.
The two of them tend to stick together.  Jarvis is younger and still shows signs of his former infatuation with Echo, but the mutual trauma has forged something deeper with Octavia.  Those who are burned together share the pain of the fire, I suppose.  It fuses them.  I’m glad they’ve got this bond because Haven has changed them, and one day I want to see them as they were–happy and free.
In relationship terms, Echo and I draw closer.  We bathe often in a hidden stream north of Haven.  The sun shimmering on the water, filtering through the trees, feels more crisp and real than all those dark days in the desert.  I learn things about her I never knew before.  She even talks about the terrible nights that followed the fires in Farmington.  She says things she’s never dare said aloud.  I’ve never felt closer to anyone.  It’s better than I ever expected.  In fact, I’m … happy.  It’s a strange thought.  I mean, when did this happen?  How?  What can I do to keep it from fading?  Haven may be a terrible place for some.  Vermillion put the residents through a lot.  But for me, it’s–well, a haven.
As the days pass, Jarvis and Octavia open up more about their experiences, and some of what they say both scares and intrigues me.  We’re all lying awake on the roof, staring up at the stars one night, when Jarvis talks slowly and thoughtfully about Vermillion’s takeover.
“It was like being trapped in a nightmare.  I could see through my eyes, but they weren’t mine anymore.  I could feel a body, but that wasn’t mine either.  It was worse than being paralyzed.  I couldn’t do anything, not even call for help, and I felt like I might be trapped that way forever.  It was the worst feeling in the world.”
 “I thought I was dead,” Octavia says.  “I thought I was a ghost looking through someone else’s eyes.  Then that person’s body grew distant.  I … retreated.  It was like going into a dream.  I remember flying and going so high and thinking it was great, only then I became afraid and fell, and suddenly I was terrified because I just knew something was after me.  I never saw it, but it chased me through the forest for days.  I couldn’t get away.  It caught me and I died, and then I was looking through my eyes again.”
“I know exactly what you mean,” Jarvis says.  “I popped back and forth between places in my head.  Like I would be a passenger in my body one moment, then thrown into a nightmare the next.  For a while I got eaten by zombies, over and over again, until I forgot Haven even existed.  Things got … jumbled.  I went into my own memory, just as if I were there again, but I could skip through time.  That part was awesome, except I couldn’t make it last.  Another time I flew into space, but when I got to a planet, it was one big view of the greenhouse in Haven–and I realized I was looking through my body’s eyes.  I’d forgotten I’d even a body at that point.  Then everything came back to me and I got that same panicky feeling and I retreated, like you said Octavia.  Sometimes I knew exactly what was happening.  Other times I had no idea.  Once, I was sure I was somewhere else entirely, not in my head at all; somewhere quiet and natural and … and people spoke to me there.  Real people–not like us.  I know that sounds crazy, but that’s how it was.  That place was real.  More real than this.  Ever since I came back–I mean, since you killed Vermillion–I … I’m not so sure this world is real anymore.  Not the way that I thought it was.  This … This is more like a dream.”
After talking to them, I think about the Doctor.  Am I angry he didn’t tell us about Vermillion?  Yes.  He risked our lives without giving us a choice.  He had no right to do that.  I wouldn’t blindly trust him again.  At the same time, I’m aware that he did what he felt was necessary, and he really did act in the interests of humankind.  More to the point, if it weren’t for the Doctor’s deception, Jarvis and Octavia and everyone else in Haven would still be in Vermillion’s clutches.  We would’ve steered clear of the place, but that wouldn’t have stopped Byron from getting on the caravan, or the Grass Man from selling its people into slavery.  So no, I can’t really blame the Doctor for what he did.  He may have played fast and loose with our very lives, but at least his gamble was a good one, and he ended up forcing us to do far more good for the world than we otherwise would have.  Wade’s voice pops into my head.
Sure, we all live for ourselves.  That’s the way of it.  But good folk live for each other too.  Ain’t one or the other.  ‘S both.
In Haven, our lives have taken a turn for the surreal, but we rolled with the punches and came up standing pretty.  When I fall asleep next to Echo that night, I think about what Jarvis said, and I don’t know if this world is more or less real than any other, but I do know that, for once, I’m at peace with it.
The next day, the envoy from Last Bastion arrives.
Haven, it turns out, had been somewhat of a mystery to Last Bastion.  They’d sent scouts to the community, yet none had returned.  It had been assumed they’d all been killed or captured by hostile factions.  With their attention elsewhere, interest in the enigmatic little community had fallen by the wayside.  Since Vermillion’s death, however, some of those same scouts, formerly brain-jacked, finally left Haven and headed home, where they shared their stories. 
Unfortunately, they weren’t the only ones telling tales in Last Bastion …
The envoy arrives on a sleek black horse, accompanied by an escort of six soldiers.  He meets with Echo, myself and the rest of Haven’s Council in Haven Hall.  Last Bastion, he tells us, was overjoyed to hear of the defeat of Vermillion–a hidden threat of the worst kind, which they knew nothing about.  As a result, there was a call to become fast allies with Haven, or to make the community a protectorate of Last Bastion.
“There are two problems with this,” says the envoy, a dark-eyed man with a calm, no-nonsense demeanor.  “First, you barely have a community.  Your walls are strong, but less than a hundred people are left to hold them.  Our reports say you had to take out much of the town’s electrical power to overcome the … Abomination.  I can see that you’ve managed to restore some since then, but it will only help so much.  Cyberia’s scouts have been known to venture this far south.  They’re known for making blitzkrieg raids on isolated towns.  If we leave Haven as it is, there’s a good chance it simply won’t be here when we return.
“But let’s say by some miracle you escape that fate–for years, even decades.  Have you given any thought to the town’s future?  Since arriving, I’ve seen few young women within these walls.  The fact is, without children, Haven has no future.  You’ve done a marvelous thing here, but what’s next?  This is a problem we can solve.  Last Bastion’s first and best aim is the survival of humanity.  We can seed your town with new residents.  Give it a real chance.  We’re planning not just for the attacks that will come tomorrow, but for those our children may face a century from now.  We want Haven to survive.”
There’s a pause.  I can see Cormac and the others listening intently, brows furrowed.
 “And the second problem?” I ask.
The envoy shifts slightly.
“The second problem is more personal.  It concerns you two,” he says, his eyes going from me to Echo.  We’re taken aback.
“Us?” Echo asks.
“Not long before the first of our scouts returned from Haven, a wounded soldier arrived, by the name of Sampson…”
I wonder if the curse in my head shows on my face.  The envoy monitors our reactions.
“… The soldier told us of a young man and woman who bludgeoned him and killed his fellow soldier while being escorted to Last Bastion.  There was a third prisoner, but he was killed as well.  The names of this young couple?  Tristan and Echo.  I imagine there are not so many going by those names in these parts, not to mention your descriptions.  You have been accused of trafficking with robots, betraying a peaceful caravan to its enslavement, and murdering your fellow man.”
The envoy holds up a hand, palm outward, as if to catch the shocked and angry outbursts from our friends on the Haven’s Council.
“The truth of these matters is not for me to decide.  The story is confused and Sampson himself is unsure what happened.  However, you can see how it presents us with a dilemma.  Given that the only other prisoner was killed, your situation is certainly a suspicious one–and yet in Haven, you are called heroes.  In Last Bastion, some would like to see you hanged, while others wish to reward you.  There has even been speculation that you are an agent for some other Abomination, whose aim is to gain our trust.  When machines possess whole towns, who is to say what can and can’t be true?”
Echo responds in outrage, talking of Byron and lies and the Grass Man–but I’m noticing the envoy’s physical strength, half-lidded eyes and disciplined bearing.  Last Bastion is a militarized society and this is a military man, not strictly a diplomat.  He’s been chosen to handle whatever might arise.
“What do you propose?” I ask as Echo winds down.
“As I said, we would like to make Haven a Protectorate.  We have skilled laborers waiting to emigrate.  Farmers to sow crops and raise livestock.  Merchants eager to trade their wares.  Not so many women.  But enough to start some families here.  In return, we ask only for your goodwill.  Keep Last Bastion informed of enemy activity in the area.  Trade exclusively with us.  Harbor no robots and suffer no machines to walk within your borders.  In addition, we’ll place a small garrison here–to help safeguard your town.
“As for the personal matter, Last Bastion does not wish to interfere with your government.  You will be allowed to remain with this … Council.  When a Justicar arrives, there will be an investigation.  Your future position will be determined by the outcome.  However, in light of the deeds you’ve performed here, I can see a certain amount of lenience being proffered, should the trial turn against you … We’re not interested in hanging heroes, Tristan.”
There’s a silence following his speech.  I look at Echo, who looks grim and worried.  I may not know much about running a town, but I know this is a time for careful words.
“Thank you–for your proposal,” I say.  “Will you wait outside while we discuss it?”
The envoy gets to his feet, setting a rolled paper on the table.
“I’ve had a document drawn up formalizing the arrangement.  I’ll need an answer by tomorrow,” he says.
When he’s gone, the tension remains, though it changes flavor.  I and Echo, while having freed the town’s residents, are now a potential hazard.
“Thoughts?” asks Miriam, a middle-aged blonde woman hailing from the north.  There are six of us on the Council in all.
“You will be allowed to remain,” Cormac mutters.  “Did you hear him?  He talks like he already runs us.  That’s the kind of ‘alliance’ we can expect from Last Bastion …”
He sighs before going on.
“The worst part is he has every reason to talk that way.  They do have power over us.  They can conquer us.  If we send back a poor enough answer, they’ll do just that.”
“I thought Last Bastion only fought robots.  Would they really attack us?” Echo asks.
“Without a doubt,” Cormac says.  “You and Tristan aren’t the real issue.  They want the town.  The infrastructure is already in place, and it can serve as a useful outpost.  It extends their effective power.  Haven wasn’t high on their radar before.  Now it is.  This trouble with you two just gives them more leverage.”
“Unfortunately, he’s right about the other part too,” Miriam says, scowling.  “We’re few in number, and there are almost no children here.  We could eek out a living, but the next generation will be fewer still and even more vulnerable to attack.”
There’s a brief silence.
“Seed the town, he said–do you know what he means?” Cormac asks, smirking sadly.  “Before Vermillion got a hold of me, I heard Last Bastion was flooded with refugees from some city-state further north.  They don’t have room for them all.  They’ll send us all we can hold and more–all the ones they don’t want.  Then what do you think will happen?”
I just shake my head, at a loss for where he’s going.
“We have no formal government.  No written laws, as yet.  We appointed ourselves out of necessity.  But Last Bastion’s emigrants will outnumber us three or four to one, and the city-state will hide its own loyalists among them.  They’ll demand elections and procedures, and they’ll get them through sheer numbers.  Last Bastion will take over the town from the inside.  That’s what it means.”
“Is there no way to stop them?” Echo asks.
“Do we want to stop them?” asks another councilmember, Hendricks; a stocky, middle-aged bald man.  “He had some good points.  We may not last out here on our own.  How long before brigands or slavers or Cyberians decide we’re too weak to hold the town?  At least with the backing of a larger city-state, we’d have a chance.”
“So that’s it?  Just hand over what we fought for?  And what about Tristan?  What if they find him guilty?”
Echo is rising from her seat, outraged.  I put a hand on her arm and coax her back down.
“As I said, Tristan isn’t the real issue,” Cormac says.
“That doesn’t mean they won’t hang him.  They’ll send a ‘Justicar,’ and who knows what’ll happen then,” Echo says.
“Echo, please,” I say.  “I don’t want to be a part of a town that supports Last Bastion.  It was their men who murdered Starbucks.  Shot him on sight when he hadn’t done a thing wrong.  Letric was a robot too, my only friend for three years, and under their policies he’d be put down.  If it was just me, I know what I’d do.  But it’s not just us anymore.  We have to do what’s best for everyone … So far our choices are: agree to their terms and let Last Bastion have Haven, or send them back empty-handed and let them take the town by force.  Is that it?  Are those our only options?”
“We could kill them all and pretend they never arrived.”
It’s Forman who suggests this, a tall, gray-flecked man who rarely speaks.  He’d proven himself a man of broad knowledge in the days following Haven’s liberation, and he’d recovered from Vermillion’s slavery faster than most.
Everyone looks at him.
“You’re not serious,” Miriam says.
He gives a non-committal shrug.
“It’s an option,” he says.
“A bad one.  Last Bastion would just send someone else.  Plus, everyone saw them arrive.  Word would get out.  It doesn’t solve our problem, only delays and complicates things,” Cormac says.
“Then the choice is clear.  We have to agree to the terms,” I say.
“And let them do whatever they want with us?” Echo asks, aghast.
“Echo, the truth is they’re going to get Haven either way.  If one of those ways ends in them sieging the town and killing us all, then yeah, don’t you think we should go with the other one?  Even if it means facing a ‘Justicar?’  Risking our lives is better than risking everyone’s.”
“They’ll show us the same mercy they showed Starbucks,” Echo says.
There’s a brief silence.
“We may disagree sometimes, but I’ll not soon forget who it was that freed me from Vermillion’s grasp,” Cormac says.  “If we oppose Last Bastion, they’ll conquer us, plain and simple.  They’re Rome, and we’re a little Celtic village in Caesar’s path.  Agreeing to their terms makes sense–but we don’t necessarily have to risk your lives or freedom in the process.”
“What do you mean?” I ask.
“Send back a carefully worded counterproposal, praising Last Bastion and telling them we’re eager to join their cause, but with an apologetic stipulation: that before we open our doors, we want a more solid assurance that you two won’t be wrongly punished for any previous misunderstandings.  We attach to this your own account of events, in such a way that it might provide some moral compensation to any overeager Justicars.  Something they can use to overlook any perceived breach of justice.”
Echo and I share a look.
“Can we do that?” I ask, turning back to Cormac.
“That’s how diplomacy works, m’boy.  The key will be the wording.  Our proposal has to reflect the power of their city-state.  We have to let their leaders know we’re not opposing them, but that we have our own honor to satisfy, our own people to protect.  That’s something they can understand.  We’re going to kneel before the king, so to speak–but we’re going to do it with dignity, as a knight in the field, not an enemy in chains.”
“What if they say ‘to hell with it’ and attack the town?” I ask.
“I don’t see that happening.  Look at it from their perspective.  What’s more important–trying a few teenagers on the word of a single confused soldier, or gaining a fortified outpost on the edge of enemy territory?  If we make it clear we’re not opposing them but simply watching out for our own, they have every reason to assent.  It’s giving an inch to take a foot.  It’s good policy.  We can’t win in a siege but we can certainly do some damage, not only to their soldiers but to Haven itself.  Why risk all that when they can pardon you and take the town intact?  One option costs lives and resources.  The other costs a few paltry words.”
It makes sense to me, yet I’m still wary.  I don’t know much about history, but I get the feeling it was filled with leaders who did things that didn’t make sense.  Still, Cormac’s idea seems like our best option.
“All right.  Let’s draw up something official,” I say.
It takes all day and half a dozen drafts.  Cormac obsesses over every line.  He’s good at this sort of thing.  He thinks about how the leadership at Last Bastion will interpret things.  When it’s done, we call the envoy back in.  He sighs at the document.  Raises an eyebrow.  Has suspicions.  He talks some about taking me and Echo with him to present the terms.  But Cormac argues against this, and it isn’t long before the envoy agrees to take it back to the city-state with his men.
At the end of a very long day, I and Echo stand on the roof of Haven Hall beneath a cloudy black sky, looking out over the town.
“Cormac was made for this sort of thing.  He’ll come out stronger,” Echo says.
“What do you mean?” I ask.
“He put his name to the paper that will bind us to Last Bastion.  When they send people, they’ll look for the names on that paper.  He’ll work with them.  Last Bastion may have someone in mind to lead the town, but if they hold elections, I think Cormac will still come out on top.  If not in the first one, then the second.”
“Our names are on that paper too,” I say.
“Yes, but we’re already outlaws.  If they don’t arrest us, they’ll want us to leave the Council.  If … If we’re still here.”
Echo looks at me.
“I know you’ve thought about it,” she says.
I stare at the line of white trees leading away into the forest.
“Whether we should be here or not when the envoy returns,” Echo clarifies.
“And?” I ask.
“If we leave, they’ll people after us.”
“Maybe.  They’d still have Haven though, so they may just say ‘good riddance.’”
Echo lets out a quick breath.
“I wonder if Cormac thought of that too.  I wonder if he knew we’d think of leaving.  That would basically put him in charge,” she says.
I look at her, blue eyes pale in the darkness.
“So what’d you think?” she asks.
“Annabel Lee, who lived by New Sea, here to love and be loved by me,” I say.
She’s thrown by the words.  Her soft, wet lips are molding a response when I kiss her.

Chapter 23.
The envoy has been gone a week when Jarvis decides our course for us.  He wants to return to his family in Apolis.  Knowing her mom is there too, Octavia is already onboard.  Apolis may have even sent out search parties for the two, urged by Jarvis’s family and returning caravaners.  They both would’ve returned immediately after their implants were destroyed, but something in them wasn’t ready.  They needed time to recover, to cope, to adjust.  Now all they want is the comforting arms of their loved ones.
“They can endorse you,” Jarvis says to me after declaring his intention.
“Endorse me?” I ask.
“Yeah.  Like give you a Writ of Protection.  Last Bastion has merchants in Apolis.  They won’t want to screw things up with another city-state, right?  Apolis may not have a big army, but it’s an important fortified trading post and gives an easy path through the z-line.  I’ll get my mom to ask the Governor for a Writ.  He can put you under our protection–you know, in case Last Bastion ends up wanting to arrest you or something.  Then you can come back to Haven with it.  Or … or you could just stay in Apolis.”
Jarvis shrugs, making the last part half a question.
We’ve never been to Apolis.  The journey will be dangerous, but the trip makes sense.  An endorsement of some kind could prove valuable.  Also, Jarvis and Octavia are going regardless, and we have to be sure they reach Apolis safely.  Echo and I are in agreement from the start: we’re going.
Cormac proves wary of the plan.  He doesn’t know how Last Bastion will react if we’re not in Haven when the envoy returns.  Our names are involved in the pending agreement.  Nonetheless, he likes the idea of gaining some support from Apolis, and truthfully I don’t think it would screw things up for him if we simply never came back.
When the time comes to leave, everyone gathers in the courtyard to wish us well.  Journeys like this are never a sure thing, and we’ve made a lot of friends and admirers here.  We receive a lot of gratitude for killing Vermillion.  Hell, if the town survives, they’ll probably build us monument.  We take rations, new weapons and EMP grenades from Vermillion’s old supply.  We’re also given small personal gifts and knick-knacks people have made.  We can’t carry it all.  I have to remind them we’re coming back–but are we?  Can we tolerate living in Last Bastion’s shadow?  Depends on how much we like Apolis, I guess.
The four of us on the road together brings more joy than it should.  Cyberians and slavetraders travel these parts, and we should be worried.  We are worried, but we feel secure at the same time.  Travelling with friends, it’s easy to be lulled into a sense of group invulnerability.  There are times when we laugh too loud or don’t watch our surroundings as closely as we should.  A cold fear strikes me when I realize our incaution.  Still, we’re not dumb enough to stay on the main roads.  We use them when necessary, but more often we parallel their course a few miles into the forest.  More than once, we lie quiet in the brush and use my spyglass to watch strangers pass in the distance.  A group of twenty armed robots goes by at one point, scouts and all, and for a while we’re terrified.  But they pass, yielding no sign of detection, and I let out the breath I’m holding.
We don’t dare light fires at night.  Instead, we sit back-to-back and huddle under blankets while relaxing and eating our rations.  Jarvis and Echo set occasional traps, though more for therapy than game.  The familiar activity sets their minds at ease and makes them feel useful.  Jarvis finds an oak walking stick.  It’s the proper height with a good amount of gnarl, and he wields it like a miniature wizard.  There’s nothing like a good walking stick to make you feel like a true sojourner of the forest.  Before sleep, he and Octavia talk of their families and the things they’ll do in Apolis.  Ambrose and Starbucks inevitably come up in conversation.  Each mention is like a sliver chipped away from a wooden block of grief; the slivers hurt, but eventually the hands will become numb, and the wood will be worn down to nothing.
We keep a watch posted at night.  It’s Octavia’s turn–when it happens.
I’ve already taken the second shift and fallen asleep next to Echo.  Jarvis is on her other side.  A twig cracks in the forest.  The crunch of a boot.  I think it must be Octavia returning, but then he speaks.  My body responds immediately as if it were waiting for just such a trigger.  Icy liquid pours into my heart.  Fear binds me in invisible coils.
“Wakey, wakey, scream and shaky,” Cabal says.
Perhaps I haven’t mentioned this much–because I shy away from the subject even in my own mind–but even with all we’ve been through, after facing death and enslavement and growth and change, there has lingered a quiet shadow of terror in the background of my mind: the understanding, the belief, that he would one day come upon us unaware.  That he would take from me, if not my own life, then that which I had come to cherish even more–the life of Annabel Lee.  Here is the demon from under the sea.  Here is the jealous angel who would take her away from me.  I suspected all along, secretly, that I do not deserve her, that the moment I could allow any admission of feelings for her, she would be ripped away as a matter of principle.  Now here is the world’s old and terrible promise, come seeking fulfillment: love and you will suffer.
My eyes shoot open.  If you’ve never slept in a forest at night, you don’t know how utterly black it can get.  If the trees are full and thick, you can’t see the hand at the end of your arm.  It would be like that now, but dawn is drawing closer and the sky has gone from black to a deep blue-gray, enough to provide a general outline.
Two men tower over us.
One is Cabal, bearing a weighty weapon whose end consists of six tubes arranged in a circle.  It gives off a low-pitched hum, like a tiger’s purr.  I haven’t seen one since Farmington: a particle cannon, the shotgun’s high-tech grandson.  The handle of his scimitar pokes up over one shoulder.  He carried the sword in the Library, though I hadn’t seen it in Hapsburg; either this is a new one or he didn’t have it on him last time.
I don’t know the second man, but he’s got long greasy hair and stands over Jarvis with a handgun.  As Jarvis comes awake, he makes sounds of confusion and dismay.  Echo draws a long, panicky gasp as she too wakes into a nightmare.
“All awake?  Yes?  Good.  Always good to see old friends.  Imagine stumbling across you way out here.  What a surprise,” Cabal says with the amusement of a sadist.  His expression is hard to make out in the dim light, but there’s a smile in his voice.  It’s his moment of triumph.
“What’s going on?  What is this?” Jarvis asks.
“Stay down,” the second man says, pressing a boot to Jarvis’s chest as he tries to rise.
“Where’s Octavia?” Jarvis asks, struggling.
“Stay down,” the man says.
“Where is she?” Jarvis demands, squirming.  Crom, is she already dead?  Beautiful Octavia, whose sweet lips touched mine in another life …
“I don’t see your robot friend around to save you this time.  You turn on him like you did Ballard and Fin, Echo?” Cabal asks.
Echo swears at him.
“Oh, don’t be sore.  That’s no kind of language for a lady.  But then, no one ever claimed you were a lady, eh?  Just another whore.  Down, Tristan.”
I’ve risen to my elbows when he swings the particle cannon toward me.  I should be furious that he talks to Echo that way.  I am, but the outrage is slow to penetrate.  It bubbles around the exterior, seeking a way in.  The fear has immobilized my mind, sealed itself into a fortress in my brain.  I can’t find the words to speak.  We’re to be victims of injustice and violence, ambushed in the dark.  I wait for the shot that will kill Echo.  I see it in my mind as always, and my terror of that end makes it feel inevitable, like our fate is locked into place by the very fear to which it gives rise.  I have to master the feeling somehow, yet it imprisons me.
Coward.
Conan would be ashamed.  I’m no fit companion, no warrior, no hero.  Just another failure.  I can’t protect her, can’t stop him, can’t change anything that will happen.  If only I could stand up.  Lying prone makes us awfully vulnerable.
“How’d you find us?” Echo asks.
“Your little escapade in Haven put your names on a lot of tongues in Last Bastion,” Cabal says.
Since when was he in Last Bastion?  But then, of course that’s where he’d go.  He was on his way north last we saw him, deserting Foundry’s broken army, on the run from Cove.  He must’ve crossed the z-line at Apolis.  He’s a mercenary, a cowboy.  Strife pays for his dinner.  What better place for that than Last Bastion and their private war with Cyberia?
“We’ve got a treaty with Last Bastion,” I say.
“That so?  I’m … on vacation,” Cabal says.  “After I heard you were at Haven, I couldn’t resist a visit–for old time’s sake.  But it almost didn’t happen.  You left maybe half a day ahead of us.  Ensine’s been tracking you ever since.  He’s as good as Fin used to be.  You remember Fin, don’t you Echo?  I do.  I remember how he was walking just ahead of me, laughing, when you gunned him down.  What a good person you are.  How far had we come together?  You wouldn’t have survived without us.  But you didn’t even hesitate, did you?  Ballard should’ve left you in that cave to starve.  Ensine, tie them up.”
His voice turns grim.  We can’t let ourselves be bound.  He didn’t come here to talk to or steal from us or abduct us.  There’s only one reason to tie us up, and that’s to do something terrible before we die.  The fear is still there, but a small part of me is calculating, scheming, and it says– 
“Wait!  We can pay you.  We’ve got gold, rare finds.”
I reach for my bag.  He’ll stop me, but that doesn’t matter.  I’ve just got to get a hand in.
“Don’t move,” Cabal warns, covering me.  I freeze with my hand in the bag, looking at him, but my fingers are moving subtly within.  I feel the spherical mass.  I press and twist.
Five seconds.
“Slowly, Tristan.  Take your hand out.  You think I care what you’ve got?  You’ll pay, oh yes, but not in gold.  Ensine, what are you waiting for?”
Ensine holsters his weapon and takes out a black cord, crouching to wrap it around Jarvis’s wrists.  There’s a muffled click from the EMP grenade activating its invisible charge, but Cabal talks right over the sound, doesn’t even notice.  It’s another few seconds before he frowns, his brow furrowing, looking down at his weapon.  The constant hum of the particle cannon has died.  The weapon relies on electrical components.  His eyes go to mine, to the bag.  Fury.
“Son of a–”
I’m scrambling up, lunging at him.  He pulls the trigger–but the gun is fried.  He swings the butt instead and it thuds into in my left side as I tackle him … which proves harder than I thought.  Instead of falling, we only shuffle backwards.  It’s like toppling a stone pillar.  He’s bigger, stronger, more experienced.  He twists and rebalances.  My feet are too far behind–I’m heading to the dirt, and I can’t even drag him with me.  I hit hard.  My hand bumps something wooden.  There’s motion in that direction.  Scuffling.  Grunting.  Echo screams.  A shot echoes through the forest.  Ensine’s gun is the kind that shoots bullets.  The EMP won’t help.  All this is going on in my periphery, a meter or two away.  It might as well be a mile.
As I turn, Cabal is falling on me, the butt of the gun coming down.  I shield my face, take the impact on my arms.  Again.  The gun drops in the dirt.  His hands grasp my throat.  His teeth are gritted, his eyes wild.  I’m prying at his fingers, but they’re like iron.  It’s all I can do to keep him from crushing my airway.
Pop, pop, pop …
More flashes to the right.  Flecks of dirt hit my eyes, as though ant-sized bombs are detonating a foot away.  I glimpse Echo on top of Ensine, Jarvis tangled somewhere in their midst.  She’s flailing and clawing, screaming, a crazed animal, one desperate hand struggling with the gun as Ensine squeezes the trigger, pumping shots into the dirt.  The gun keeps firing until it makes an empty clicking sound.
I’m writhing, trying to get out from under Cabal.  I stop prying with one hand to swing ineffectually at his face.  He returns the favor, albeit more solidly.  The impact sends black stars radiating outward from my left temple.  Through them, I glimpse Jarvis on the ground, Echo and Ensine rolling.  He hooks her in the jaw.  The blow is very clear, drawn out in time, disheveled blonde hair swinging around in tow.
It’s the sense of injustice that finally triggers the rage.  Life has never been fair, but after all we’ve been through, to die like this, to see Echo struck like that, to be incapable of stopping it …  The anger is a balloon inflating in my chest.  It bursts in a river of rage.  It takes everything with it.  The spell shatters.  Awareness breaks down.  Time becomes disjointed.
To a passive observer, a fight like this may occur in a distinct sequence of events, but from the inside, things are fuzzy.  Most of it happens very fast, while some crawls by in microseconds.  I can’t tell you how I manage to twist free, to topple Cabal sideways, but somehow I manage.  Then we’re rolling, grappling, punching, twisting, choking.  We’re covered in dirt and grass.  He hits me and I don’t care, not in the slightest.  My elbow goes into his eye.  Somehow we roll up against the struggling trio; we merge into one big clusterfuck.  Ensine is on top of Echo with a knife in one hand.  The hand is drawn back, ready to plunge, but Jarvis is behind him, restraining his wrist with both hands.  There’s blood on all three of them, but I have no idea where it’s coming from.
Then Cabal is off me and I’m halfway to my feet, screaming-mad.  There’s wood in my hand–Jarvis’s walking stick–and I’m swinging it, smashing Ensine in the side of the head.  He topples sideways.  Jarvis falls with him, still holding his wrist, and Echo screams my name in warning, looking past me with terror in her eyes, and I turn–
The scimitar is coming down.
Reflex alone saves me.  My arms go up.  The blade catches on the walking stick.  The sword bites into the wood, draws back again, bites again.  I shove back with the stick, get my balance beneath me, and suddenly I’m in the only swordfight I ever hope to be in–and I don’t even have a sword.  I’m parrying desperately, inexpertly.  He thrusts and I turn the blade from my stomach with the staff, but it slides off the wood at an angle, skewers my shirt and leaves a long cut along my left arm.  He swings at my midriff and catches me with the tip, slicing a six-inch arc across my ribs.  I crack him once across the jaw.
Ten seconds, maybe–the longest ten seconds of my life.
Then I catch a vicious overhead stroke solidly on the walking stick–so solidly that the blade digs an inch into the wood and sticks.  I swing one end of the stick at his face, which twists the scimitar and forces him back, and suddenly the weapon comes free from his grasp.  I put one foot on the end of the wood and yank the scimitar free, dropping the makeshift staff.
There’s the briefest pause as Cabal’s eyes meet mine, mutual shock that the scimitar has changed hands.  But he wastes no time.  Maybe he doesn’t want to give me any range.  Maybe he’s just angry as hell.  Either way, he lunges forward to tackle me.  I swing from the shoulder.  He almost makes it under the blow.  Almost.  As he’s putting his shoulder forward to ram me, the blade bites through the flesh between his neck and left arm, penetrating down to the collar bone.
It doesn’t stop his momentum.  I’m thrown backwards to the ground with him … but as soon as we land, he’s drawing away from the blade, face ashen, right hand clasping the chasm in his flesh.  His eyes are glazed in shock.  A red river spills between his fingers.  He staggers to his feet as I scramble to mine.  He’s unsteady.  He gapes in disbelief.  There’s a touch of betrayal in his eyes–this wasn’t supposed to happen.  I’m heaving, covered in dirt and grass and blood, my face a terrible mask, and for once in my life I do exactly what Conan would’ve done.
I swing the sword.
I’d like to say that the blow is clean, that I’ve got some final message for him, that it ends neatly, but life is messy, and sometimes death is too.  Things get … brutal.  He puts his arm up and the first two blows rip gashes into the meat.  It’s no different than hacking a large, raw steak.  Grizzly, nightmarish, but there’s no stopping now.  I have to be merciless.  I keep hacking until he’s tilting toward the ground and the arm fails to come up and the blade goes through most of his neck.
His eyes change.  He’s still alive, but a part of him goes away.  His expression empties.  He’s gazing into a hidden abyss.  His muscles go lax.  He hits the dirt.  His mouth works for air that won’t come.  His heart pumps blood from a severed artery in absurd, mechanistic spurts.  A terrible sight.  It carries the fascination of the horrific.  One arm spasms weakly.  Then it stops.
Cabal is dead.
I whirl around.  Jarvis is on the ground, dazed.  Ensine is on top of Echo again.  The knife is nowhere in site, but he has full control.  His back is to me.  His fist comes down tiredly at her face, his other hand around her throat.  Absorbed in the struggle, he doesn’t hear me approach.  There are no thoughts.  I’m in an animal place.  I scream as I run him through.  There’s a vicious exhilaration in it.  A bloody triumph.  He gasps and convulses with the sword through his back, lurching to his feet … only to stumble against me and fall again.  I have a death-grip on the hilt, but the weight of his body pulls it from my grasp.  When he’s on the ground, I withdraw the blade.  He crawls toward the trees.  I don’t bother to watch.  He’s dead.  He just doesn’t want to admit it yet.
“Annabel,” I whisper.
Her face is bruised and bloody.  One eye is already puffy, swelling shut.  Her nose is bleeding, her lip split.  She’s covered in blood, but I can’t identify the source.
“No, no,” she says angrily, pushing my hands away, and turns to crawl toward Jarvis.
She rolls Jarvis over.  Oh.  Now I see.  He’s holding his stomach, his hand shaking.  Beneath it is a small circular wound, a crater of red-black flesh.  He looks up at us with bleary eyes.  My heart drops.
“Stupid, so stupid,” Echo says.
“Echo?” Jarvis asks vaguely.
“Why did you do that?” she whispers.
“Sorry …”
“He saved me, Tristan.  He grabbed at the gun, but he got in the way.”
But the gun is empty, I think.  I saw the shots popping into the dirt.  My thoughts are thick and slow.  How can Jarvis be shot?  It’s not until later I learn it was the very first shot.  Ensine pulled the weapon as soon as Cabal was attacked.  He aimed for Echo.  Jarvis reacted.  The rest of the time he fought with a bullet in his stomach.  Would he do it again if he knew the cost?  Maybe so.
Echo cuts strips from a blanket with the scimitar and binds Jarvis’s wound, though her hands tremble violently.  She must know there’s little hope.  We’re miles from anywhere that might aid us, and Jarvis won’t stop bleeding.  He blinks at us, opens his eyes wide, takes deep breaths.  Ensine had almost knocked him out with the last blow.  There was a struggle for the knife; it fell from the bigger man’s hands and Jarvis kicked it somewhere into the forest before the tracker dealt him a hard blow and wrestled Echo back under him.
Echo talks about moving him, getting him to Apolis, but Apolis is more than a week away.  We try to get him to his feet, but it pains him and he pales.  He could ignore it during the fight.  Now it’s catching up with him.
“Where’s Octavia?” Jarvis asks.
She’s dead, I think.  The words repeat in my head, a phenomenon all their own.  My teeth are chattering.  I’m numb, distant.  I’m also wrong.  It’s not five minutes before Octavia stumbles in from the forest, her hands bound behind her back, blood drying from a lump on the side of her head.  Cabal or Ensine must’ve snuck up in the darkness, hit her with a weapon, bound her wrists.  She’s pretty; the bastards were probably saving her for later.
Octavia calls Jarvis’s name in an increasingly panicked voice when she sees what’s happened.  I cut the cord binding her wrists.  The girls both kneel by Jarvis.  They use a pack to prop his head up.  He groans and shivers with every shift in position.
“It really hurts,” he says earnestly, with a bit of surprise, as if maybe we’d thought he’d only been joking before.
“We can’t just stay here,” Octavia says.  There’s nowhere to go, but nobody wants to admit that.  I look for broken branches.  We can make a harness, bring him toward the road, look for someplace or someone who might help.  We’ve been lucky before.  We can do this.
I check on Ensine.  The tracker made it surprisingly far into the forest, just kept dragging himself further, finally stopping to die behind a large bush.  Back at camp, Jarvis is able to drink some water.  He refuses everything else.  The bones of the stretcher are mostly in place when he calls my name.  My heart falters.  His face is shockingly pale.  This can’t be happening.  He reaches for my arm so that I have to kneel with the others.
“Stay here,” he says.
His eyes are pained.  They fade in and out of awareness.  There’s more light now.  A pink smear spreads along the horizon, growing slowly as we watch.  Echo’s eyes are red.  Octavia cries silently, telling him or herself or all of us that he’ll be okay.  Jarvis is on the verge of sleep for a time, but Octavia shakes him, worried that it’s deeper.  His eyes widen and he looks around as though he’s never seen the place.
“This world–it’s not so real.  It’s not what it seems,” he tells us, shaking his head.  A stranger might mistake it for babble, but I remember that night he talked about his time under Vermillion’s control; the places he visited in his head, the quiet realm he insisted had some greater substance.
More real than this, he’d said.
A red sliver of sun breaks through the trees, flooding the land with light.  It draws all eyes, paints us crimson.  Jarvis sighs, almost gladly.  I don’t have to look at him to know it’s his last breath.

Epilogue:
It’s been years now since that terrible night in the forest, since the four of us shared a last sunrise together.  For a while I wanted to forget it all–everything from the Library to Apolis–but there was a lot of good in with the bad.  Besides, it would be a disservice to those who died.  When I do think back, it’s as though I lived a whole life on that journey.  The old may have counted the time in months, but to me the duration was immeasurable.
We brought Jarvis’s body back to his family in Apolis.  Their devastation is not something I wish to recall.  I expected them to blame us for his death.  I wanted to apologize, to be punished, to feel the pain I deserved.  Cabal had come for us that night, not him.  But if anything, his mother was grateful to us in her sorrow.  We’d brought back his body.  We’d shared our stories of his journey north and his time in Haven.  He hadn’t died alone.  Didn’t she understand it was all my fault?  How could she even bear to look at me?
Octavia’s mother was in Apolis too.  Their reunion was brighter, though bittersweet with Ambrose gone.  After the funeral, we were eager to be elsewhere.  They gave us a writ describing the full protection and support of the city-state.  We hadn’t asked for it, but the excuse for our trip had come out somewhere, and one of Jarvis’s relatives had taken the task upon themselves.  Even so, the writ was never put to use.  Echo and I didn’t want to return to Haven any more than we wanted to remain in Apolis.  When we’d left, both had seemed like possibilities.  Jarvis’s death changed all that.
We struck out northeast instead.  At some point, we eliminated the “north” part and aimed straight for the rising sun.  It was a somber journey, but there was a sense of freedom mixed with the sadness.  We had no idea what lay ahead.  We only knew we didn’t want what lay behind.  The air had grown cold and the days short by the time we found it: the abandoned ruins of a small house in a massive forest.  The trees rode up into the foothills of a mountain, and a great lake sat cool and blue beside it.
We’d passed through plenty of ruins.  Only a few things made this one different.  First, it was a single house, disconnected from any town, and although part of the roof had fallen in, what remained wasn’t entirely unsalvageable.  Second, the occupants, though long dead, were still inside.  We found their skeletons lying side by side on the remnants of a mattress.  I don’t know how the couple had come to pass away in the same bed, or if someone else had arranged them there afterwards, but I like to think they died old and happy, free from the wars and diseases and troubles of more “civilized” areas.
Lastly, I found a book in the house.
It was in a cache beneath a broken floorboard, along with a rusty rifle, a pair of antlers, a necklace, and a number of old gold and copper coins.  The tome was black and leather-bound, with an aura of age and weight.  I have it to this day.  Across the front, it reads:
The Complete Works of Robert E. Howard
Every Conan story ever written.  They may not be in graphic form, but the images in my head are rich with detail.  If I ever get back to Franklin the Ferryman, I’ll have to show him.  When I saw that some of the old coppers in the cache were similar to the oversized cents Jarvis was fond of–well, that was the chocolate on the cookie, as my grandfather used to say.  As far I’m concerned, the universe couldn’t have been sending us a clearer signal: this was where we’d make our home.
There was another factor in the decision I haven’t mentioned yet, not a sign but a need for urgency–Echo was pregnant.  Granted, it was a dangerous choice to have the baby so far from anyone with medical knowledge, but we were still young and stupid, and we believed in ourselves far more than we trusted strangers.  We also caught a lucky break.  A middle-aged couple had settled in a cabin six miles around the curve of the lake, and I befriended them while ranging for game one day.  They’d lost two children and a third had gone west, so the woman, Kerra, was a great help when she agreed to assist with the birth.  By “assist” I mean “took over entirely and kicked me out of the house.”
Jarvis II was born in the spring, and he was an energetic explorer from the start.  He’s so far shown no interest in electronics.  Animals and plants are his thing.  He watches them for hours, imitates them, talks to them.  A real child of nature.  We appended the “II” so that we’d always remember–and he’d always know–that there had been a first, even if the original Jarvis had been no blood relative.
As for Annabel Lee (who lived by New Sea), she made her peace with the past, or at least moved so far beyond it that it disappeared from view.  Soon after we arrived, while I was still repairing the roof, she stood on our porch looking out into the forest and said, “I like when you call me Annabel.”  I never called her Echo again.
After the birth of our son, Annabel swore off kids, but life had other ideas.  Life doesn’t give a shit who does or doesn’t want kids.  It throws them like candy to a crowd–and some in that crowd rejoice, while others cry out in terror and regret.  In my opinion, no sane person would want the responsibility, the worry, the sacrifice … which is just why evolution all but removed the choice early on, hiding their creation in an almost irresistible act, leaving things to the more certain hands of Nature.
Accordingly, our son Jarvis was followed by Layla, a small squalling girl who nearly killed her mother upon arrival.  That was another terrible night, though it turned out all right in the end.  Afterwards, Annabel swore off kids again, more adamantly than ever, and I thought: we’re definitely done this time.  For a few hours I had been facing the possibility that I might need to care for a newborn while grieving for the girl I loved, and I never wanted to face that again.
But once more, life stepped on our desires with an elephant’s uncaring foot; Annabel is now six months pregnant with our third child.  Am I worried?  Yes.  Sometimes I look at her and wonder if she’ll only be a memory this time next year; if this is the thing that will kill her, coming like clockwork, the days ticking away.  What can I do?  Annabel tells me not to worry so much.  I don’t tell her my fears, but she takes one look and knows.  Since Layla, she’s been more philosophical.  More relaxed.  Less afraid.  Recently she told me:
“We’re all going to die someday, Tristan.  A day, a year, a decade.  It doesn’t matter; when it happens, it will be now.  What’s the point of living at all if we spend all our time being afraid of what’s to come?”
In quiet moments in the forest, on the slopes the mountain, by the calm waters of the lake, I know what she means.  The fear fades away, and the world seems less like something one has to struggle against and more like something to be experienced and cherished.  Still, my paranoia creeps in to whisper otherwise.  It’s a constant practice, keeping the fear at bay.  Living here, now–not in my head.
It was in a fearful moment that I considered moving everyone to Apolis.  Annabel was four months pregnant and I wanted access to doctors and better medicine.  Plus, we’d been saying for years that we’d go back to visit Octavia one day.  The only problem was that the road was both unpredictable and dangerous.  Even capable, well-armed travelers could disappear between here and Apolis; we’d have two children and a pregnant woman.  Maybe our food would hold out, but what about bandits, mercenaries, roamers, Cyberians?  I brought up the idea to Annabel.  Her reaction was immediate.
“We’re not dragging Jarvis and Layla all the way to Apolis to have this baby.  Apolis is not our home, Tristan.  This is our home.”
It wasn’t until later that I let the issue go, but she was right.  We’ve put our stake in the ground.  We’ve made a life here.  We did make one compromise, however.  When I’d stocked enough rations to last Annabel and the kids, I spent two weeks on a trip to Redtree, the nearest village of any consequence.  There I expected to trade for relevant herbs and medical supplies.  What I didn’t expect was to see someone I knew.  Someone I hadn’t seen in a lifetime.
“Yow show tchi!”
The words came at me across a cobblestone road as I headed for an apothecary.  For a moment I couldn’t place them … Then Toyota was there with a big smile on his face, wearing the same round goggles and weather-beaten poncho.  He’d just stepped down from a solar-electric vehicle.  I hesitate to call it a “wagon;” it was more like a small tank.  It even had a turret on top.
Toyota  was clapping me on the back and gesturing to the tank before I could even recover enough to speak.  Someone else was heading our way too: his eldest son.  He’d finally let the boy come along.  It was a joyous reunion.  Even though I’d only seen Toyota two or three times a year, those brief visits had meant a lot to me–not only in practical terms, by providing new goods, but in mental terms, by providing something to look forward to.  I may have been just one more stop in his travels, but to me he was like an old and cherished friend.  Meeting him out here, far north of z-line, felt like coming full circle.  The three of us sat together in a local eatery.  I insisted on buying them dinner.  I told Toyota how much Volume Seven had meant to me, how I’d been taken captive by Foundry’s scouts that same night.
“Find something good, I see you next time!”
Those had been his last words back in the ruins.  I hadn’t found anything to match Volume Seven, but I’d wanted to give him something unique.  Luckily, I had just the thing.  As he boarded the vehicle with his son again and prepared to leave, I threw him the little leather pouch I’d found the morning of the Grass Man’s ambush, the ancient black dice still inside.  The dice were valuable, but I’d grown attached to them and never found the right trade.  Seeing how Toyota had always called me some variant of “Little Luck,” I figured he would appreciate the gift.
“You make your own luck now,” I told him.
As he shook the odd dice out of the bag, his face bloomed in delight.  He promised to visit Redtree on his next trip north and agreed to bring Wade and Franklin word of our health, should he happen down that way.
On the way back to Annabel, I thought a lot about the Library.  Seeing Toyota again had put it all in perspective.  There was something else on my mind too.  In Redtree, I’d discovered a book.  Not an old book.  A new one.  The biography of a woman out west, from someplace called New Cali.  The book had been reprinted in Cove.  The name “Cove” still brings up bad feelings, and New Cali is a long way off, but those can’t be the only two printing presses in the New World–can they?
In the Library, I’d read a book by a soldier named Xenophon.  He’d written it more than two thousand years ago, in a time as harsh as this one.  I’d also read more modern novels, from people who’d lived only decades before the Fall.  The latter focused on technology, social issues, careers I could barely fathom.  There seems to have been a two-century window in which life on Earth–or at least the wealthier parts–was almost alien to everything that existed outside that era.  The people worried about missiles hitting them from halfway around the world, yet never bandits or rogue armies showing up at their doorstep.  In cities like Scargo, they’d had endless crowds to feed, yet dietary books spoke of an “obesity epidemic.”  Believe it or not, these books were written for people to lose weight, as if food had been so abundant that everyone couldn’t help but stuff themselves!
I’ve tried to imagine what that must’ve been like.  I’ve wondered if we’ll ever reach such astonishing heights–or lows?–again, or if the Cyberians or Synth-Z or some newer atrocity will triumph.  Who can say?  What I do know is that everyone from Xenophon to those anonymous nutritional experts succeeded in adding their voice to the larger world.  Taken together, one might see them as a kind of running inner dialogue, the ongoing stream of humanity’s collective consciousness.  Looked at this way, I suppose we, as individuals, would compose the cells of a planetary being too vast to perceive–eons old, yet not eternal–as it struggles to comprehend its place in the cosmos, circling and circling a burning light in a sea of darkness.
One might think a single voice in so vast a dialogue would be rendered meaningless, lost as a drop in a river, yet many which seemed tiny have grown into giants over time, building as a pebble into a mountain, defining the route of all who climbed over.  Some of those tiny voices were extraordinary from the start.  Their bearers did extraordinary things.  Yet others were just ordinary people opening a window on their world.
As I trekked back to our home in the forest, I thought: who will speak for my age?  Who will speak for I and Annabel?  For Wade the Desert Scorpion and Franklin the Ferryman?  For Jarvis and Starbucks?  And then I thought: who will remember Farmington?  That, in the end, is the question that needled me most.  My grandfather Bacchus, my best friends Crispin and Berkley, the injustice of what Cove’s soldiers had done–it all may mean nothing to you, but it meant a hell of a lot to me, and I would have the world whisper their names a little longer.
I honestly hadn’t thought of writing anything myself, but when I talked through my thoughts with Annabel, she led me to the natural conclusion.  That’s one thing I’ve come to value about her: she often knows what I want before I do, and she’ll take my hand and lead me toward it even while I doubt her.  We fight now and then, Annabel and I, and a third of the time I think she’s literally insane, but I wouldn’t give her up for anything.
So here I sit, quill in hand, Conan’s leather-bound tome on my right.  Annabel is downstairs with Layla, and through the window I can see our son gathering wood beneath the softly-shifting leaves of the forest, framed in an endless blue sky.  Life hasn’t been what I expected.  It’s been much worse.  It’s been much better.  Soon the baby will come and things will change again–for good or bad, I know not.  But here my voice must go silent.  The window is closing, and this part of my tale is over.  If you’re down the road a bit and the world has changed again, raise a glass and take a moment to remember those that came before, all who struggled and suffered and drowned in the river of time, and live this day for them, for us, one moment at a time …

And maybe one day the angels will come, or the demons from under the sea;
maybe they’ll covet all that we have and rip it away from me.
But I’ll no longer fear the loss of what’s dear, in our kingdom by the sea;
for we’ll laugh and we’ll cry, we’ll love and we’ll die, I and my Annabel Lee.

END


Author’s note: Thanks for reading!  If you enjoyed this book, please take a moment to post a review, however brief.  All comments are appreciated.

Coming Early 2015: The Last Plutarch–in the city of Panchaea, society’s elite are given godlike powers by a “utility fog” they alone can access.  Instead of using the Fog to benefit mankind, however, they seek primarily to reinforce their own lofty positions.  The Plebians under their rule, kept ignorant of the Fog’s true nature, are bred to believe in the Divinity of their masters … until the most loyal Plebian of them all undergoes a life-changing event which not only opens his eyes but gives him the one tool necessary to fight back.

 More sci-fi coming soon; for updates, see my blog at 
http://www.thescificritic.com/blog/index.php
